good
we woke up took a shower as you can see
I just put on my sweater so my towel
fell off
we have Pabu right here who's already
been singing seal this morning seal of
all things I have no idea why I would
sing seal that's so random what he's
awesome wait were you so out of breath I
know but it's so random like did you
hear him on the radio like that's such a
random artist no it's just sometimes I
play Pandora my men and you're where I'm
a men and your mind and head yeah I
played at my med and unit bit and then
that was the first time that came on in
my Pandora head
fine and then you were talking about I
needed I need a clip what was all my
toenails all that someone hasn't been
doing their job come on Berkey knee clip
them damn dog what so that's my role
here I'm I'm uh I'm the toenail clipper
and I've never have I ever clipped your
toenails yeah couple times yeah great
job finally that's all like potential my
toenails are never crazy cuz I get them
done professionally you know I used to
hate my toes but now I don't care why
did you heal him cuz I thought they
looked weird I always got through it I
always liked really long skinny toes I
just cuz the other like big bubbles and
they look like little mushrooms there's
a kid mushrooms fine
all right so we're getting ready right
now because today we're shooting JK news
and that's how we're both up at the same
time dressed like regular people
this is the only time part actually
wears regular people unless to impress
like humans and look at those shoes
though those shoes oh I'm gonna show
them the other shoes cuz they always
think I'm runnin horse we're sure I'm
sure that they're in here Oh see you see
we both have our own pair guys both have
our own pair of infrareds yeah matching
I know I can't believe they think we
wear the same clothes I mean this is
hair shoes my anyway we are gonna head
out now um I'll probably let my hair air
dry for sure and I'm gonna go pick up
some s books cuz we got some time yes
got some time gonna pick up some s books
and for those of you that don't know
what s box means it means Starbucks I'm
just trying to be cool alright alright
so running a little bit late so I really
would think about me is sometimes so
happening they trying or electric a
toothbrush but sometimes I don't
appreciate the vibration see
I don't like that sometimes
so I just turn it off and I use it like
a man Oh to crush there's nothing weird
I know but oh no or two I just don't
like it don't know I'm weird problem
work on an elf I put my contact out oh
God nope I don't know morning Dibble
people who did you wake up um I've been
waking up at 8:00 for no real reason
maybe it's the blinds I put in there the
curtains what wha the curtains blinds
blinds hid behind um no I thought I
might mask oh you do here so luxurious
so as a lifter there's very few like um
things we can control to make us better
we got food we got sleep that's about it
so that is tempur-pedic mask oh wow let
me see this thing
that's not a joke oh wow this is nice so
um cuz I'm not a light sleeper but
things do wake me up so I used to like
this on the weekend have to sunrise
so you invest a little bit in yourself
invest in yourself people the luxurious
could you hear is giggling last night no
okay good I was up at like 7:30 and then
I heard um a guest visit from seal at
about 8:15 I caught it on camera all you
can do is hear his ass you hear his ass
boy age don't forget turn up the volume
on a stupid thing
damnit hopefully all not that you know
we can you're probably good you probably
can towards fucking whaling he is you
guys going in it's a great song it is
but I'm just like where the hell did
this come from
it's Lorraine oh it's super red steel
uhm yes you'll ever done another song
that's the only seal song I know that's
the only one I know yeah sure I know
there was a Batman one or is that the
Batman one oh all right
packing my gear I am leaving now
ah change implants I'm not getting s
bucks anymore I am actually just going
to the office because uh I had a couple
things to catch up on
before leaving here Bart was already
done so he's like hey let me just go
grab it all which reminds me I'm
supposed to be texting him my order cuz
I he's not gonna know what I want so
when he threw that real quick before he
gets me nothing it we go let's get this
day started
what what happened share your story so
when I visited the China with my friends
my friends not that
street-smart but he speaks Mandarin and
there was these guys that was on
bicycles with carts in the back and they
were giving people rides and he's like
oh shit this guy said he'll give us a
ride to the Forbidden City and I was
like but we could see it right then goes
now let's just take this it'll be fun so
we jump in and he's taking us down the
street I'm like why are we going further
away and then he's kind of like passive
so he doesn't really confront people
hmm and then now we're like in a village
and I'm like why are we here ask him why
we're here
and he's like oh yeah they wanted to
show us some like scenic shit and I'm
like okay like all I see is like some
fucking broken-down buildings and shit
and some pagodas and I'm like I want to
see the Forbidden City and then like we
go into this alley right and then the
whole fucking village surrounds us and
I'm all like what the fuck is going on
and we get off and I'm like this isn't
the Forbidden City and they pull out
this laminated car that says like
special ancient village tour two
thousand dollars two thousand yeah
marriage no doll America oh and then it
says of like like a bike ride three
hundred dollars
this disc they just had a whole fucking
list of prices anybody goes oh okay so
the tour is over you got to pay down and
then I'm all like well I don't have any
I don't ever keep money in my wallet
smart so I have like I had like five
dollars worth in my wallet and the rest
of my sock did you guys ever look at
each other and be like let's just look
it at the time I was sick because of the
like I was you know we travel and I'm
like so I was just like tired as fuck
and I was just looking around I'm all
like I could fuck this fucker up right
now but I'd have to take on literally
every man in the village like there's
just kids just all that popped up on top
of a caught like the
we called the wall they're just watching
those guys on each side of the thing
just yeah you guys came up to us and
they're like tip tip tip tip and then um
I told them like a start fucking arguing
with them because he's a pretty pretty
big guy but then he's too timid yeah and
then I was I just started he was like
towering over all of them and I'm like
fucking arguing with them right now
cause I seen ya cause a scene and then
like make it make make it like you're
not a fucking weak mark you know yeah
and then they started bargaining for how
much and then one guy came up to me and
I pulled out my wallet and I'm like look
I don't have anything and I gave up my
money and I fucking threw it at him
right I'm like nothing and then ice and
then they'd stop bothering me because of
how I guess that's if I was yeah
and then like as soon as they got close
I started yelling at me I started
yelling like back the fuck off you know
and they started intimidating I didn't I
think they all just walk away and they
all focused on my friends and then the
more crazier I got though the more
closer everybody got because I think
they were trying to back each other up
and then whatever like they started
arguing and all this stuff and my friend
pulled out his wallet and I was like no
and then he just gave him all his money
all mine yeah three four hundred bucks
in there oh my god
and then it's dumb he's a rich kid oh
that's street smart he doesn't
understand you know and then so like
he's not dummies rich yeah he just
doesn't understand you know he lives in
like a bubble so basically um he told me
that they were mad because they felt
that they were shortchanged oh well yes
Wow I left us on the street and I was
fucking pissed and then I was walking
back and I'm like fuck man now we're too
late to go inside the for Billy
Forbidden City and seeing the Great Wall
we can't see any of that shit but here's
a cool thing about China though uh on
the taxi ride back we told the taxi guy
a hold up we're gonna go into our hotel
room because this is what happened but
then the taxi guy goes oh you know what
the rides on me oh hey boss he's like
Beijing people are not fucked up because
these are all countryside people that
are dirt poor that come into our city
and then they lose work and like
early age and then they're forced into
retirement and then these guys are
forced to do that so but he's like but
I'm a Beijing native I grew up in the
city and he's like but they're not a
reflection of who we are
wow that was really nice I think this
makes for a better story than actually
looking at the Forbidden City because if
none of this would have happened there'd
be no conversation you'd be like yeah I
saw the Forbidden City it's pretty cool
I want to see it now we can all go back
we're watching that Forbidden City
documentary that shit's fuckin tight it
took like 30 years to build you know
what's great about the four Benziger
watch this documentary the king he
wanted to use a specific wood and
there's no other way to transport that
wood to the Forbidden City so he built
his own River first so they can water
water transport all that wood and I
think it took him 11 years just to
collect the materials that he wanted so
he had like a big empty space and he
collected granite marble wood all the
stuff that he wanted first and he goes
okay these my tools time to bail and
then they build it afterwards that's
what he said yeah I look great he thinks
out it doesn't like that hey these are
the lay cold fill me something what
China's a crazy place though man oh yeah
it is very good we go to China and I
gotta get a couple tattoos on my face
just like a skip you know what's crazy I
went through a similar experience but
this is in Paris so parents you think
like oh shit it's like first world
country and or Francis and in Paris it's
like the like the most pop and fashion
city in the world and then there's like
this Cathedral don't really wanted to
see but our tour guide warned me that
it's like in the ghetto part of Paris
it's like the hood and I was I she was
like if you want to go you should go
before like 3 p.m. or 5 p.m. whenever
the Sun was going to set and then it was
the last on my list so I ended up going
there when I was like around 6 or 7 so
it's getting kind of dark but the street
lights are still on and then there's
these uh these people and it's like all
black people over there in that part of
town and they do this trick where they
come up to you they go let me tie this
little rope around your finger and
what they do is after they tie the rope
around your finger than they charge you
so they already warned me about this
so all these fools like as I'm walking
you'll just be like ten people coming up
to me like let me tie this around your
finger let me ties around everything I'm
not no I'm cool now I'm cool and then
this this is one guy he was like it
looks like most def he was like force of
like forcefully trying to put it around
my finger
and then all that ain't for fucking told
you I don't want that shit on my finger
then three three or four other homies
they came up off off the fence and now
they surrounded me and I saw like oh
shit and then all the Arts this is it's
about to go down it's gonna be crazy so
I have shopping bags I threw that shit
off the snowing a collection on the
floor and I took off my um my Martino
jacket called from my house up and
everyone they thought I was crazy so I
started bagging Carney like the only way
is to either cause it's new crazy or I
might just died today yeah and that's
all I get see it's one or the other and
they always backed up they're like oh
this guy's crazy
come on the way they'll come here you
could do that shit though you know like
you work out your big imma fuck you up
but if I did a digital book did you slap
you crazy you just gotta fuckin start
like I'm fucking please leave me alone
he's already start licking my nipple hey
I began a situation
what the fuck bitch up on my lane just
without your own dick I try to swing it
you have to say bond with mother fucker
here Sigma dick no 12 years old where
you go that's the only way if he ever
gets around he's gotta act fuckin crazy
back to work oh my god this is funny
well we have experienced people know so
we could travel cuz I'm not gonna get
back baby how must be real quiet and
stay in the back I mean you guys decoys
yo my friends are crazy as fuck with me
my friends again here let's want to go
to a different country though I try to
observe what their traditions and
cultures are cuz you never know what's
gonna go down there and you just you
can't be American in another country you
just kind of like okay what are the ones
here I'm gonna just abide by that cuz I
went to Mexico and I got robbed by the
cops and I was like okay this shit's
fucked up here and you know it majority
of the times the cops are gonna protect
the locals yeah so you like in China too
like I was conflicted because out here
if you're getting Jack you're getting
jacked by a young man who'd you don't
really feel bad if you beat the fuck out
of right but they're these guys look
like old men like parents just like
someone's dad yeah they didn't look like
cooks they didn't look hard
did it look some of them just look
scared and like they didn't really want
to do it and like a part of me was just
like what the fuck I'm getting robbed by
these old like weak frail old men now
I'm just and I'm just like why is this
happening like I was so conflicted so
it's really hard to like be aggressive
when they don't have looks like your dad
or something yeah but then in your case
you just have like some like crook
looking dude yes they're just I just
look like batching his friends oh god I
speak French and then they look like I
crooks from from France but they look
different France will establish so it's
like thugs and I culture stuff hahaha
that's pretty fly yeah but in that case
it's it it makes it like okay we go toe
to toe or whatever here it doesn't seem
like fuck I'm gonna break this dude this
old man and this guy's like a dad yeah
so you know over in like poor country
doing it because they want to eat not
because like they're trying to become
rich yeah because like in European
countries or like in the US or whatever
when people are robbing you they're
robbing you because they want to come
upon jewelry they want to do other stuff
yeah not because they're trying to like
me me yeah yeah you know what I think
too like realtalk
being Asian in the tourists like in
France or in Mexico it's like you will
get fucked with more than like a
non-asian person like me I'm like
ethnically ambiguous so I kind of like
blend yeah wherever I go but it has like
Latin or different yes
yeah I'm likely Asian you looks like
part Asian right fucking luck
I can't originally a beauty right now
are you never invited Italian fucking
sled up fuck that's all you can say yeah
I love the Dupree brace every is your
lucky but just like usually I went to
Mexico with my with my ex who was Asian
and like when I'm alone it's like I was
hurt every single summer I put the gun
come come horse ride with the whatever
the winter I was in France yo fucking
horse it's a right now the French were
like a different Asian girl who I was
like width and like when I walk around
alone or like with my friend even like
my black friends whatever and then when
I go with her it's like you get fucked
with ten times more people come up to
you try to pick a pickpocket you more so
I think yes maybe Asian people are timid
little bit also reported that's the
thing is Japanese tourists Japanese
tourists are probably one of the easiest
to raw because the country is so like
they don't know innocent yeah I feel
like if you go to Japan like no one's
trying to jack you like you don't live a
life of like I got to be on alert yeah
so then when they go to other countries
they don't even know they don't there
none of them are street smart
yeah so that's why they're immediately
taking advantage of yeah it's pretty
crazy damn that was a fucking story I'm
about to grub I got myself some yoke
some Yosh because I want some clean
gains I just want some regular beef
boiled beef and some wet rice and then I
have some raspberry iced tea that I
always have to dilute with water because
it's too sweet for me
and it's super ironic that it's so sweet
for me because I am like a fucking candy
connoisseur huge fanatic of so you would
think that I'm all about the sweet sweet
life but haha
contrary to popular belief by nobody cuz
nobody believes anything because they
don't give a shit about my life umm I
don't like really sweet stuff like I can
barely stomach like breakfast food
because I feel like syrup and all that
stuff is way too sweet so this is
perfect for me and we have macula and
brand on that our meeting right now for
some like equipment stuff so I'm gonna
let them do their thing I'm not gonna
interrupt them that zoom is crazy loud I
don't know but I was too lazy to walk
cuz look look at the distance look
pretty far I'm not pretty fucking lazy I
get it alright so just wrap KK knees and
everyone came into the office all the
others are logging now we have this
finished can't breathe David tip you
could do the algae god I do alright
and can edited a video that he wants to
show me she's making fun of me pretty
much oh yeah so alright is it all this
so any weight it's loading the Wi-Fi is
a little slow here
oh my God look at the boobs oh there we
go
that was beautiful I want to see
check check the edit that candid for me
but edit come on load you fuck this
video oh it's another watching it fucky
just played oh yeah no I changed that's
like last time what made you think of
that you were just doing this I know but
why is that of all things
alright like in your head what you were
thinking of was whiplash enough you're
just thinking like of the drum solo at
the end of the movie who's like but you
guys want to know something really funny
about this little setup I do remember it
of llama buying where she was making fun
of me about my Joby Gorillapod of how
uses it was but who's using a fucking
Jovi gorillapod right now huh she is and
there is evidence I was little bit I'm
your witness
wow I love how important I am in your
life give me a hug you little shit oh
shit oh I'm sorry yeah I don't have
anything I hope you middle cube a third
fucked oh hey guard hey chef busy why do
you guys like shampoo so much it's just
like tradition oh yeah yeah there's a
million choices theirs is good all about
food dance adulthood we got some
Silver's what we got some
what we got some veggies what we can go
they don't they don't watch the wall
watch wrong it's not unusual to want to
eat some shabu do you do is that unusual
with the Hester was all time every
Thursday they expect us cuz we do the
only one that can dance should be
dancing in his not dancing all right
so we're gonna go eat some Shabs oh is
that the Carlton whoo that is good oh I
want to die is that unusual this lady no
I already got it I already caught it I
already got it you cut it it
I've made this moment happen alright
guys stop doing you stop doing it nobody
what I see you I wanted arms recording
before June there's evidence here
because I was on the first we saw the
flop have one yeah yeah yeah I'm not
saying that I'm just saying yeah I
already recorded the moment rented so
it's a little bit watch out what be
careful
we are left in ER now and where our
usually gets mamita they know us so well
because we come here so often right and
they already know I make you are going
to be with us so like Oh tables before
schools but little did they know that we
have guests so we have got some right
back there so then we're gonna have mad
even selling mic join us so that should
be fun later hey you did an asian girls
yeah that's what I like you know sorry
all I specifically wanted a date a white
girl because I didn't want to go anymore
but then I accident ended up having an
asian girl that's just like oh what's up
I've never dated an asian girl fighting
go chasin asian girl she's very white
candle it's the same theme but they're
different skin over here you meant to
say they're doing a white girl that's
ancient history said yeah he said
everybody wanted a white man's final
walk I wanted to like the boy some mm
let mean it's cool because it feels
right at home
oh shit recording I'm recording know
what do people love Blair Witch look
Blair Witch it your those are your fans
hey I don't have fans alright procedure
so you have an Asian girlfriend what is
she okay well Chinese Japanese okay and
it's broken abyss I care
look what it's crooked no it's not it's
fix your ball there's your ball
no now the balls crooked okay it's fine
my gosh check it out hit me but you've
never had happened before look I was
gonna ask you you a new bar to give in
Vidigal or what nine years or something
you could say nine years nine eight
years
okay five years ago okay did you know
what the hell chocolate yes cuz I grew
up with a lot of Asians though Oh see
he's not my first Asian boy oh really
yeah that's your thing I guess so if you
think my third that's what ages yeah Wow
Deanne you like listening to the Asian
Channel yeah I did wait with her dad
what a shrink it's like cool pups that's
not everywhere should check it out how'd
you like cerro is now long ago what what
prompted what inspired like the blogging
we got it
that's good
I need to put myself out there because
we are questions I want to know what my
lines get a little too shy but I feel
like there's a lot of people that I can
help an impact share my story with so I
feel like that is freaking awesome I
think that people are really really shy
really scared
I think the factor like screw it I'm
gonna take a 1 if I'm gonna do it I
think that's medium for life and I
high-five that these guys are from the
Bay Area the hell oh my god what you
should write hey wait what is it what is
this that's our mental Valley
oh shit my bad thing oh my bad oh my god
san Diego's can you educate me then what
what is it Valley yeah boy in our state
that you live in
no no I know that it's the capital on
the Swart shaker heard of that guy
look at the white nose isn't that crazy
yeah weird chattering saw them before
told you I saw people really as he's
never fucking said dick
well who's a
now let's know Arnold now he just walked
right by Miss alright fuck you in the
next day for friends you got you got big
right did you see that shit on the new
huh well you gotta make light of the
situation is gang do you ever see them
now of all of those war game from the
governor to that well I know my food has
arrived I got some edamame miso soup the
mandatory miso soup and a salmon hand
roll that I haven't had in a long time I
think ever since Japan it's been kind of
hard for me to eat any sort of raw fish
the quality of
fish in Japan's just die for myself I've
kind of been a little bit more on the
reserve side when it comes to eating
sashimi are just a nice sort of raw fish
so this is my first time you know in a
minute had a very fulfilling dinner with
my crew I wasn't even gonna come out
tonight so I wanted to get some work
done but I don't really get to spend
quality time with these guys we're
always working so I said you know what I
have to eat dinner might as well eat it
with people that I really love and enjoy
so we all came out and it was really
nice a really nice surprise to have
Nadeem cero and mike turn the party so
party's over now cooing home holding it
annoyed good night beautiful people
thank you so much for watching and he
was wearing my shoes and she was looking
for yeah I was right guys this day
well besides missing you I shot this
video no your what video is this so
nobody went up
