today in styler mic we're gonna do a
press mentally competition so we're
gonna start off because both amia sound
like have relatively similar pressing
strength so we thought it'd be make for
a really fun video for us to a press
medley competition that inspires you
guys you guys can compete with your
friends too but what we plan on doing is
we're gonna start off with 20 tips and
then immediately move on to string
overhead press 155 for 20 and then the
third event is 225 for as many reps as
possible and all of this stuff is back
to back to back to back so number one I
feel like I don't have the strength and
endurance to last all the way through
without resting and number two bulk me
and styling like haven't done any cardio
and a lot of gas time and this is pretty
much CrossFit where you doing so many
exercises back to back to back to our
own world who do you thinks gonna win
this dude of course the homie park line
Danny Park Juan's gonna do it man
do you think that he's not gonna do 20
dips or 20 overhead press he got this
he's gonna do 25 overhead press trick
press why would I do twenty-five hundred
badass if I do 25 it's gonna be really
Silencio he's gonna say one word he's
ended up bow down to the homie bar come
on that's what's gonna happen right Bart
nah so you think you feel silent Mike is
weak he's gonna call him a weak bitch
no I'm not calling a weak bitch I didn't
see I said Sally Mac strong but mark on
is stronger you know I'm saying it's
like st strong like that what do you
thinks gonna live how do you get that
shit I know you don't want strong Joe's
overhead presses need to do 275 easy
yeah but that's not Joe that's Joe Mark
Juan's gonna be one
I could barely do 225 dude who do you
think is gonna win yeah I'm gonna win
team barb oh let's go so no one thinks
I'll of mine is gonna win
oh wait Chinese food for sure you're
gonna win your Chinese food is gonna win
Charl I've been asked at home sorry who
do you thinks gonna win between the
press Mele
mic is why yeah
and David has an insane camera addiction
that everyone in the entire universe
knows about and now he's looking at the
new barbell of camera as if it's the
hottest girl on the planet and fondling
it in very different ways the audience
pretty yeah all right no let's see
everybody doesn't understand me this one
you just say you're gonna buy another
one because I'm gonna sell my shoes to
get a new camera shopping with my other
addiction I've already sold most of my
shoes and now I just don't I'm a man of
conviction though it's like selling weed
to do my cocaine exactly what are you
gonna do with this camera if you do buy
this camera unless you're shooting your
vlogs for you if you are if you are
gonna shoot the vlog I'll buy up knob
I'll pay for the whole thing that is
pretty I think it's pretty dope they are
they're really dope what do you think
about David's camera addiction you think
you should get that camera wait wait
what do I think about the camera
dictionary you should get the camera
both it second what do you think about
this crackhead and then do you think you
get more crack I think you and I think
he should get my crack
why I mean he works hard he doesn't need
that
who cares do you need all the shit you
buy do you know everything we're talking
about me what are you talking about I
don't have anything that I don't need
all the guns that you have you don't
need its precise my wife
I used to protect my wife can I not
protect the wife Oh
you just need one pair of shoes laughs
footed I need to change my shoes out
regularly the only shoes you everywhere
anyone in this room only sees you
wearing that but it's time both these
are flying 20 bucks baby you have any
addictions I'm like I used to be really
addicted to shoes used to yeah I like
shoes a lot now but I'm in a good
position right I'll have to buy audible
what position is that
you said to me I'm in that position
caffeine oh I think we're all it take it
together yeah I would do that the
popular
I think it's a thug life yeah what's the
thug life look like it was two-pocket
shit I like to buy yeah
who doesn't like just typed it in that
shit the grind also you have a gun on
anything in the fanny okay that's the
80s just look at this now this style
yeah what's a pistol
get a girl what does another pistol is
it was like this one he's gonna get
ready
what is that well in the world what in
the world oh that's like a revolver
that's a resolved or what pissed I was
like a good yeah you can only hold it
like this yeah like a pistol
you won't like this I'll piss that this
style caca sideways like yeah what are
you looking at we're gonna get a samurai
suit me in your office and then so
they're crazy different and prized this
one's for $2,000 - geez
but then some of them are like $20,000
like that oh damn weights the difference
in price I don't real I think it is but
then I really don't know because I'm
trying to read all this information and
it says they're all made from like iron
plates and shit handmade but I wish I
could see it in person up and close
because I don't know like you know how
photography they they can make it look
really good yeah yeah that is gonna be
fucking tight though you know people
come in the office and all the time it
is it's time for the samurai you know if
you fuck around and get your arms
chopped off yep oh dude what do you
think about this one this one looks
pretty tight oh that's like a copper
bronze one yeah I like the one with
horns though can like mix-and-match
parts like custom build maybe I don't
know the horns ones are like all like 12
G's and shit I guess well really oh my
God look at this one this was like a
fucking peacock samurai holy shit how
you gonna fight on the field with that
shit I think if you're riding on a horse
and the wind blows he's gonna fly off
looking like you got a fan on your head
that's just 12 G's though yeah
that's a to much is it be fucking sick I
think one of the cool things about
making more money as you can make the
office look cooler and cooler and cooler
I think I found one that we can probably
afford it oh that should look this
gangster and it's six grand you know
what we might have to do to is like on
the wall you got to put a light that
shines down to put some accent to it
we've got to get a display case but oh
yeah lighting inside that lights it from
the side it from the top
Dobby fucking sick babe what do you
think about the samurai I think it's
awesome looks fucking gangster right it
does when we went to Japan we saw the
actual like samurais that were used in
battle but kind of like they had to get
all the materials that they're putting
into the suit like they had to get it so
they had like um bear fur and like boars
actually killed bears yes and it was
like war now and dented and stuff they
use it in bad oh yeah like I knew it
looked dope but I didn't realize how
aggressive it looked and I'm like fuck
if I saw someone in the battle feel like
that I will fucking Rock hell yeah that
thing is menacing I was one of my
favorite scenes in Last Samurai where
the the white people there in the forest
and then they're just chillin they never
seen a sound right before and then you
start seeing the silhouette and then the
slow motion of them galloping and then
when they appear like you imagine you
guys human beings
Viking in full armor Oh same size same
same person like twins
twin warriors one dressed up as samurai
with samurai skills and one dressed up
as a violent Viking skills
wish my money Ben are you saying like oh
who would wear know who looks scarier
who would you be more scared of and who
would actually write him
I would why would Sam rise winner are me
and they're way more technologically
yeah but one-on-one though it doesn't
matter what our one is it really depends
if you get the top warrior none of us
were born during the time and we don't
know how they accurately fight hmm
cuz like right now all of Japanese
martial arts it's stiff it's changed
like Taekwondo like you know how
Taekwondo is all Olympic style
so they took out fists and all the other
stuff that they actually used during
warfare or like during actual battles
that's true I think I think I think my
money's on samurais the reason why I say
samurais is so this is all speculation
of course but I feel like Vikings their
fighting style is based off their size
so they wield like giant axes their
swords are like two-handed swords they
have clubs so that's the way they fight
they they have weapons that they can
swing really hard and if you have a
shield or go right through it but if you
take that away now they're just regular
like five five five six people and now
you have a axe that they might not even
be able to carry anymore because they're
not six four anymore versus like the
samurai they're made to move around yeah
they have speed on their side
intimidation factor I think samurai - it
just looks dope because I think half of
the Viking intimidation factor is the
size so when you see a guy that's like
no they're their weapons look primitive
though like if you take if you if you
were to transfer Vikings in modern day
they're they kind of guy they're like
rock stars pretty much in their heads
and they're fundamentally and they're
samurais are more like quite naked yeah
yeah Vikings fight naked yeah that's
what I'm saying so like to me it's
almost like taking a Navy SEAL versus a
WWE wrestler yeah
by some guy that is tactical he's
probably gonna kill you before you even
know it and the other guy is like rock
rockin out too hard but then like I
think if it's full samurai full Viking
then for sure the Viking looks more
intimidating because it's just if you
have a guy that's like 6 4 and he has a
bearskin suit on and you can see his abs
it's like dude this guy looks kind of
scary what do you think baby think is
gonna win who would win toe to toe
actual same size same size well I mean I
was going on the samurai because I feel
like with the with the Vikings it's just
all brute like fucking cool everything
everything like all the ancient
civilizations a lot of their warfare was
all brute strength and no I can't say no
skill but like comparatively to the
Asian armies and we also had thousands
of years to perfect our craft yeah like
martial arts are ultimately from Asia
like that's why we have martial arts
till this day versus you can't really go
to a city and be like yo I'm gonna take
that Viking dough I'll have Viking dough
like if you if you look at like when you
go to like a Asian cherry blossom
festival right and then you see like the
martial art demonstrations versus if you
go to like the Renaissance Fair and then
you say like the they're reenactments of
knights that should look fucking dumb it
looks like two kids slings shit around
but if you got for that the Asian was
doing backflips all day it's just like
way more advanced there was medieval
martial arts and fencing but for some
reason it didn't survive because the
technology kept going forward and they
relied upon like guns and stuff like
fencing and yeah yeah there is but just
not good
hey case yeah so one of the meetings we
had today on the phone is regarding our
film and I got a pretty interesting I
guess proposition I wanted to see what
your take is on it since it's pretty
much this film is just the brainchild of
you and me yeah so let's say so of
course like what's the budget we're
looking for an ideal budget yeah like
what's the ideal budget a realistic one
or an ideal ideal ideal realistic or an
ideal ideal a dream budget or what's
both then a realistic ideal budget I
think if we get a million of you awesome
okay an ideal a dream budget I think ten
million yeah I mean there's a lot of
like indie movies are made for ten
million that you didn't even realize
they spent ten million on holy shit
granted that I mean adding they brought
on a lot of like named actors yeah but
but there's no like action sequences or
anything I mean they still spend $10
holy crap so I think for the fact that
we have a lot of action scenes and then
it would be nice to bring in like you
know other actors that actually have a
name yeah so that kind of up the value
of the production of our movie I think
it'd be great to have 10 million cuz uh
I think from the artists standpoint it's
always like the more money that better
of course because you can make your
dreams that much more lavish but from a
studio standpoint the more money they
put in so if it was 1 million if the
movie made 2 million I guess would be
considered a success just doubling or
they want to make their money back right
so if they gave us 10 million they need
to make 22 to be to be considered the
success and considering that that means
our movie needs to do that much better
for them to fund our next one that's
true so it almost it's like it's almost
as if it might even be better if
just take like a $500,000 budget and
smash it and get three million in return
and end up like for sure we'll give them
more money next time four hundred
thousand on this one but then we make
thirty million and we're like fuck we
could easily gone for fifteen million
and our movie would be totally different
it's so much better that's true but you
never know I'm in with art it's like
sometimes you throw more money at it
just causing more problems - true but I
guess what I'm trying to get at is uh
all that's just kind of back story the
real thing I wanted to get at is so
let's say the ideal is the realistic
ideal is 1 million right and let's say a
company comes at you and it goes hey I'm
gonna give you 1 million for your movie
would you be done and be like ok let's
move forward or is it is there uh would
you be cautious of like what do you want
in return for that one noise okay cuz
there's anything I've learned in
business and especially with Hollywood
is they're not just they're not they're
not there to make your dreams come true
no one is ever there to make your dreams
come true we got their own dreams
exactly and so there's always gonna be a
price to pay so the one crazy twist that
I got today that I never ever even
considered and I thought I've considered
a lot of things that film ready is there
is a black entertainment company that's
down to fund the film but they want to
make it urban so I was like carbon so on
the phone I was like what do you mean by
urban and it jessee's it was like you
gotta have more black people so I was
just like holy shit that's that's like a
dilemma that I never thought I would
have to face where I'm thinking like
because I'm thinking usually you're
thinking more in terms of budgeting you
know it's like okay it's this much money
I can have two car crash scenes or ten
car crash things but in this one it's
like well what do I make it more urban
and then one of them I was thinking like
we do have the Mafia aspect I'm like
that could be like black thugs or
whatever but also that kind of changes
the feeling of the
Phylis serious anymore yeah yeah well
the original concept for bad guy is I
feel like a lot more exotic yeah because
it they're more exotic I feel like it's
it's a bit more dangerous than I guess
urban thugs ya know so I'm just like oh
that's a crazy dilemma I never thought
of yeah I mean I think I can picture a
few scenarios I made that me seems that
we all have to add and flush out more
characters for but I could picture like
how much how much of the like details
can I say on camera
let me just wrap this up without details
yeah I think there's a few we would tell
you details but because we're not even
sure what the details are we can't give
you all the details until it we have an
actual contract in hand and we signed it
then we can tell you all the details
because right now everything is up in
the air and whatever film were working
on here might not even be the one that
makes it to the movie screen that's why
I'm sure I think ultimately then to
answer your question it would be depends
on how much money they're willing to go
in with us and then depending on that on
that number
I would decide and if it's a if it's
like the whole shebang like anything we
asked for type of thing and like they
don't want to change any plot devices
that we have set up and then we pretty
much have majority control of the
creatives yeah then I'm willing to to
add more black people but that's crazy
no it's crazy that I think that's not a
dilemma I ever thought of yeah it wasn't
the type of movie we're trying to make
to begin with I feel like if our movie
was like more urban yeah then I think
that's an extra dollar so we never have
to even think about like yeah I'm more
flexible easy yes it's just so it's more
the merrier you know but I think because
I think in our heads it wasn't one we
don't have access to black we don't have
that many black actor friends only like
batch it will only like batch and I feel
like batches also at the level where
he's very limited in the number of days
he can be with us if we get him to you
know be a part of it because of that
I feel like our resources aren't in that
realm so we've never entertained the
idea of having a lot of black people in
Harare was never an urban film in our
heads even though the character is a bit
more urban you know yeah and what's
crazy it's like because we're so far
along in this script I feel like our
vision is very clear and that's not
something we ever considered yeah change
like you know how we have the other
pitch which has to do with the pizza
delivery guy it's like any of the other
pitches that are in the earlier stages I
feel like we easily easy yeah I got my
easily make it more urban because it's
it's so it's in its infancy but with
this guy it's so flushed out now I mean
we haven't scripted yet but it's pretty
fleshed out that any big change like
that like all of a sudden if we have to
take what we have and now add the ride
along like Kevin Hart and ice cube feel
to it it changes the whole feel of
everything that's true but then if it
comes down to it and that is the only
production coming that wants to fund it
it's like wow this is such a crazy
predicament that I'm like I don't know
that I'd be facing up like this that's
true yeah it is crazy it's to me it does
come from left field like we never
thought of it right but at the same time
though I feel like if that scenario was
realize it real this scenario yeah yeah
it's real real is real I feel like it's
possible though I really do feel like
it's possible given our our story I feel
yeah after this camera cuts like moment
so far okay so I guess the cameras gonna
cut now because now we're gonna have to
talk details that we can't let you guys
know and tell later on aware I really
wish I could but there's just so many
like legal aspects and like filmmaking
and business like like filmmaking is not
just our arts of business there's so
many legal aspects to it we can't
release anything until like we get the
approval from like the are poor people
that we're trying to deal with so sorry
about that but yeah I had a bunch of
very productive meetings over the phone
today and with Casey and Byron and Gio
and Joe for a writing team and we're JK
business in general things are doing
great and we gotta jump into our phone
I was right guys this day Wow besides
missing you I shot this video no your
what video is this nobody went up you
you three hours shit
it was real life damn hustling nothing
went up right you're also missing the
very important part where you guys were
educating me on bay area music let me
play some songs and you're dancing like
you show me this dance with like the
face maybe have you heard about Mike
always dances on high I know but he was
giving me a very specific dance with a
very specific piece that goes along with
the dance the stinkface Oh cuz there's
always a stink face when you dance so I
agree a lot of have you heard of high
fee yeah have you heard of Mac Dre yeah
of course that's so bad yeah oh no no
keep going with all the other names no
had you heard my drink yes oh the other
I didn't know you didn't know you didn't
know
no I didn't said and see that although
he's mean like Oh Tina I don't know
darling
keep the snake nope oh yeah of course I
don't know that one you know e-40 well
yeah are you sure yes wouldn't where
elsewhere else do we go on training -
Tina is like a buddy of Max rates will
play sorry mom Mac Dre is dead right
yeah he got shot by coppers okay yeah I
don't know why though you know there's
always like a story yeah I was like mm
early two-thousands yeah
and that kind of also made them famous
who's it there's a Mozart one of those
guys died and they got really more
famous that's not a bad name what if I
went to rap and I went Mozart that
befall you're sick that'd be sick huh
yeah people be so fucking confused MC
Mozart on the mic petunia she knows her
son also I spit some bars right out of
all talk give me a beating you don't
even need to beat your mother oh come on
you guys will win yeah with that a year
yeah you'll see me rap really what about
you you know we're only
let's go Beethoven somebody tobin they
call me Geo
well my street name is Beethoven but as
my house they call me Geo don't sleep on
me or I'll call my cousin Leo I'll call
my cousin Leo his name is Leo because
he's a Leo in that zodiac sign cuz he
ain't that fine but he loves the wine so
stand in line and in line
shook up cause I'm a mother that's
awesome what's funny big anybody you
think about that I don't know jungle
this probably wanting to get flagged
either cuz it's fuckin so low-key well
we're trying to find music no I'm just
trying to show you this Bay Area oh I
know about that Bay Area movement that
movement pushes don't but sounds like
Africa oh it's called jungle oh just
this is no rap too smooth clothes dope
it has a too short field yeah so that's
is it a short is bad is it the same area
a messy Mara I mean earlier Bobby Womack
what's the fizzle dance
I've never get a million followers for
the sky dance this is a lot of effort
go follow silent Mike on YouTube it's
silent Mike will try to teach just
listen to what he says all right let's
do it
it's pretty easy right listen you could
do this I believe in you I believe in
your Beethoven are you still dancing
that's ours I'll do that stop he was he
went touring and he's like out in China
and on different places and then I'm
like busy too so our schedules are
sorted by the next fence
okay good start next month dude yeah I
think official error like that house
formal dance lessons might be
frustrating for you just in general I
did it'd be cool though I enjoy some
people need step-by-step yeah yeah I
just make my shirt off that's why I'm
not a visual I mean if I could get the
basics visual yeah yeah hey two and I'll
just rewind three one we want you're
going to do it
what is it fizzle at drop the bird drop
the bird renounce bad acid bounce like a
bird
yeah Brady wants to dance home register
hey Ricky what advances for the physical
face oh you went low though you're like
this oh we used to get down I wish I had
videos of me fucking partying ah put a
look on your face like you smell some
piss that's it mmm-hmm that's the fizzle
Bay Area whoa whooping modeled on the
Google's it's so cool that like now I'm
literally like yeah I mean it's so cool
that you can express such a a not so
pretty emotion in this time it is huh
mmm
yeah I don't know any other dance that
like your face could be all like oh like
ballet right you can't really yeah yeah
yeah yeah cuz I flour you feel it maybe
hip-hop like you said has like a snarl
or something to it right what you call
it not pizzle face but uh-oh stink face
yeah well you kind of like an attitude
face yeah I got to get out of toothpaste
mmm that's in a dismal place
this isn't peace MacRay see there's and
peace knife you movement so good so good
is that high if you movement still
around kind of died out on not so much
the latest Bay Area rapper that I know
that is crushin is G easy G easy
yeah you don't know jeez no you know G's
18 seconds let's do this G easy I'll
play my favorite song but I don't know
if it's the most popular song do you
know what's most popular oh okay oh I
didn't know that was even him oh you've
heard this oh the radio every day I
didn't know that's him they don't tell
you my favorite songs
he's a total kinetic hipster lanky white
kid why the white kid oh I mean that's
not him
yeah Robert as dumb oh cool he's good
he's there look very good yeah he's done
but obviously the music and the beat is
in bay area yeah yeah hopefully mutters
yeah cuz I was like that doesn't sound
like bay area Jez was uh I'm gonna go
all hipster on you guys for a second I
knew Chi easy before G easy was cool
Oh what it is Lois's then Gilligan is
easy so is G easy he went to school in
Oakland and then he went to college
somewhere in New Orleans and like buddy
our guy in my group of friends he wasn't
like my closest friend he's in my group
yeah also went to the same school for
music yeah and then they did songs
together so now when GE z came on tour
at just a janky Club in Sacramento my
buddy's like hey you want to go I was
like hell yeah I do so we like hung out
drank a little bit G easy like a month
later he opens for a little Wayne wha
and then like three or four months later
he does this song which kind of put him
on I think it was with like uh find it
it was some big rock or maybe Rick Ross
Oh Big Sean that's tight yeah it's so
cool yeah this is part of my favorite
song you're a black man have you seen
the totally off subject have you seen
the old Ronnie Coleman documentaries no
maybe I have where he's like yeah yeah
just a member we should watch those yeah
those are awesome he's just eating
chicken and barbeque sauce yeah he pours
all over yeah yeah he's like walking on
a treadmill yeah yeah exactly
this song
g z gz r across oh this is my TR son
Philotas what do you think we like about
GE like GZ yeah I have enough just that
one song that's not that that's the only
one I know let's go get some food then
you guys are gonna get food girl them
all sounds like right yeah doing like
all this YouTube stuff okay well I went
to college and then I got my degree in
sports administration oh there we go
so speaking of that yeah American
Gladiators happened first it's so funny
that he thought I was did why don't you
think it wasn't meekness the hair cuz
like the muscle no cuz it was more about
Mike he always messes around all the
time yeah like he always sends me
doppelgangers of lieu of like this other
kind of Dean like all the time and we
Furr know need changes faces on bodies
and that's yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
