good morning good morning my bears gone
again uh-oh
good morning guys I slept a good eight
hours but I'm still freaking tired I
think my body is still recovering from
Vegas this weekend even though I don't
really go crazy they don't go ham I
don't do any drugs when they play that
I'm just tired and plus our curtains
aren't as luxurious as the Vegas
courtesy on a light coming through the
light comes in and then it hits my face
and they're waking me up so I think the
last two hours of my sleep I'm my body's
already prepping to wake up because when
light hits your skin it creates like a
metabolic or a physiological reaction
and it makes you want to wake up but man
I miss those Vegas curtains it could be
12 noon and the Sun is blazing hot
outside but inside the hotel room it
feels like midnight especially with the
cold ass AC it feels awesome but today I
got a bunch of errands to handle which
is awesome because we're not awesome
that there's a bunch of errands but Jill
did a great job planning so a lot of
people when they go on vacation they
forget that you need a vacation
for the vacation like they don't keep
that in mind like they'll go oh you know
what
the work has been stressing me out I'm
gonna go to Cancun when I'm going to
Hawaii I'm gonna go away for the weekend
and I'm gonna come back Sunday night and
then Monday I'm gonna feel refreshed but
that's rarely the case like after you go
on vacation that's still a stressor like
what whether you're going through
negative stressors or positive stressors
your body can't tell the difference so
if you're staying up late in a club in
or you're not sleeping extra not
sleeping like 10 hours a day to make up
for all the sleep that you're missing I
don't when you come back from like
Hawaii or Vegas or whatever you're gonna
be tired you need an extra day of
relaxation to recover from all that new
stimulus that you never put your body
through and that's something that it
took us years to find now we're like
wait did we just come home come back
from vacation what you're so tired once
because you need to vacation for your
vacation
but uh geo knows that and then so today
we usually shoot JK party but she
cancelled it so everyone can relax and
take care of errands that we usually
would have taken care of over the
weekend and she was responsible enough
where the last 2 JK party session I
think we filmed extra so that we can
stockpile so we're good but today a
silent mic my buddy
from Sacramento is going to come down
and then this whole week is going to
stay on a guest room at our house sorry
I had a bunch of boogers in my nose
and we're gonna film a bunch of cool
videos for barbell Brigade and that I'm
excited for because he's really
knowledgeable super funny as a great
personality and I can't wait to have him
on the channel even more so and then I
gotta get a haircut and I gotta go to
Best Buy cuz um you know how geo she's
been mad at me gonna drop the camera so
today is mainly just the errors day but
it's awesome because I get to catch up
on a bunch of stuff catch up on emails I
just took a little glimpse of my email
because the whole weekend I was you know
in Vegas I didn't really uh I didn't
look at any emails and I have at least
60 so I gotta get rid of those guys but
yeah I'm gonna wake up right now get up
and time to get a haircut first stop
Best Buy cuz um after buy another camera
cuz you guys saw him Vegas I broke the
other camera and Jill got really mad at
me right now I'm using our backup camera
so the quality isn't as good but we
still wanted to share our life with you
guys so I don't want to stop blogging I
stopped by the barber in the morning but
um I guess you double-booked so instead
of just waiting there for 30 minutes I
decided to stop by here first just like
a keep the day going I want to keep the
momentum going
and up here it is this is the exact
camera that I use the rx100 mark for it
is expensive why did I break the camera
cut damn it but I have to use and I love
this camera this is the one that I'm
using right now this is a backup camera
but um I really like this one because
it's super clear the focus is fast this
one focus is kind of slow if you guys
notice before but this one focuses way
faster and the colors are just way more
vibrant and it's just way more crisp in
focus so I know they have them down here
where are they ah right there mark 4 so
I gotta pick this guy up and then once I
pick this guy up I I think I'm gonna go
to the gun store and pick up my Glock
cuz it's been sitting there for a while
I haven't had a chance to go pick it up
that's what happens when you're busy you
get so busy now you buy toys that you
can't even pick up you don't have time
to pick them up so um I gotta go to the
gun store and pick that up and then I'm
gonna reschedule for my haircut because
this is closer to the gun store so I'm
trying to be as efficient as possible
records come here and then this is only
I think 10-15 minutes away from the gun
store whereas my house would have been
20 minutes so I go there pick up a gun
maybe pick up something to eat in the
car so I could just drive and eat save
time and get as much shit taken care of
as possible before I work out today so
while I was driving I decided to take
advantage of the free time that I had
and call my dad it's really funny
because the last time I talked to my dad
my dad was telling me hey um go ask my
dad I was like y'all you want money and
let me know if you need money I got some
money now so if you ever need anything
taken care of I can take care of it for
you and my dad's like no no you know I
don't need any money our retirement I
have my social security I have whatever
whatever money you have I'd rather have
you keep it to yourself and focus on
your business and and grow your business
with your money but um I am gonna go
back to China for a month because I want
to see everyone one more time before my
childhood friends and my family members
I didn't get a chance to come here
before they all passed away cuz it's
about that age so you know my dad was
like can I have some money just for the
trip mama yeah of course how much you
want and then he was like you know
whatever you can spare I might not know
you tell me how much you want me to give
you
and he goes well I'm gonna be gone for a
month and I got to pay for airline
ticket and stuff how about 10 grand and
I was like done he's so happy feels like
oh if you guys ever watch our wedding
vows we'll see my dad in it and he has
like this deep like like a grumbling
laugh and he laughs he goes this is so
funny my deck my son's taking care of me
it hangs up cuz I think I guess to him
it's like it's so funny that a baby who
was me would give him money and take
care of someone older so I think he he
finds amusement in that and then so
right now I was talking to him on the
phone he says you know ever since you
sent me the check I've just been
thinking to myself this is so funny my
baby is giving me money and they can
guarantee and just a few years ago
because I guess you know the older you
are the faster time flies and his mind
just a few years ago I was the one that
was asking him asking him for money for
toys and when I didn't get when I didn't
get my toys I would throw a tantrum and
he was saying if I asked you for money
and you don't give it to me can I throw
a tantrum so it's just really cool how
like in a matter of years the tables can
turn so fast you know it's so crazy it's
like like for us a young people 10 20
years seems like a very long time seems
like an eternity especially with her in
high school I couldn't wait when I was a
freshman to be a sophomore to be a genie
to be a senior you know and like you're
just like fuck this is taking forever
but when you reach adulthood time
fucking flies and just a few years ago
when I was in college I was asking my
dad for money my dad's paying from my
college my dorm fees my book my book
fees and now after college and this
business is doing good I'm paying for
his trips it's such a trip but it's
really cool and I'm really glad that my
dad finds amusement and entertainment in
it and I bet it feels good you know to
have your son take care of you and it
feels good for me too for sure I'm just
paying back like I don't even feel like
I'm doing anything extra like I don't
feel like yo I'm taking care of my
parents like that's a bonus I feel like
I'm just doing what I'm supposed to do
because my parents did such a great job
of taking care of me so I'm just
returning the favor you know I feel like
I'm returning the debt I'm not in the
positive I'm just trying to get back up
to zero so but for my dad to be to find
joy and to think that it's funny I think
it's really really cool
and I'm glad I made the phone call in
the short 10-minute drive that I had to
just reconnect with my pops because
honestly I probably talked to him like
once a month and probably only see him
like once a month
back at gonna fix my boy Alvin is
introducing me to another gun what gun
is this this is the cz-75 TS which
stands for the tactical sport yeah
out of state this thing will hold 20
rounds in state of California will only
hold ten stupid California this is the
perfect gun for competition um until you
start going to the open guns yeah but
you're looking at about a two pound
trigger pull on this guy oh wow and the
weight behind this thing just keeps the
gun down with a slight with a slim slide
profile here yeah it makes it so that
when this thing comes back it doesn't
even lift up because it's not Oh with
less mass moving back and forth it also
makes the gun a ton faster do you have
one
I do not I used to shoot with these
things that I borrowed from somebody for
a while yeah
and it's amazing the only thing is it's
kind of expensive how much is that that
boy this guy is 1,300 as a six oh they
try out that trigger oh that's so soft
yeah so right now it's at about 2.3
pounds um we were we were playing with
it earlier yeah we were measuring out uh
we actually got the trigger down to
under two pounds when you tuned it yeah
all you need to do to tune is actually
play with the set screws that are
already built into it oh sick so you
just gotta take it apart and there's a
screw on the inside the screw on the
outside where the over travel on the pre
travel yeah and just makes it a hell of
a lot easier to pull trigger so if you
really wanted a gun that was like one
and done for competition this is
definitely it right here um do you think
you'll ever get one of those cz p01
things yes actually we we usually have
them in stock we do pretty well on them
yeah
last year we got a gigantic shipment of
him in and we hadn't put the longest
time and nobody knew we had him and then
all of a sudden was about exactly
everybody picking him up and like their
popularity just spiked rocket they
skyrocketed in the last maybe two months
or so so okay let me know when the next
batch comes in I want to check him out
most definitely most definitely and then
I got another glock 19 coming in for I
don't know if you wanted one I know Joe
on it I didn't show honor okay I got
another one coming in from two I think I
think wants to build a bunch of Glock 19
cool thank you and a problem in so I'm
here to pick up this guy though this is
a Glock 19 right yep you know what's
crazy so I bought a Glock 17 and I
bought it for geo yeah cuz just the same
hand as me yeah but her thumbs are
actually shorter oh so she had a hard
time like hitting the slide release yeah
and I'm like wait what's wrong with the
line somebody hit the slide release and
I looked at a thumb and it's actually
half inch shorter I actually think that
19 is going to be perfect for it yeah
what you can always do too is you can
buy the little grip the little or sorry
the little slide release that you have
on your 35 it has a little bit of an
extension that sticks oh you can
actually reach it a little bit better
okay and those things are like those
things are cheap and they're super easy
to install yeah but this is your Glock
19 I got the sights on there for you
there the possibilities three dot sights
they do match your guys the other gun
alright
it's care about hates focusing nice bust
dope cool sink kid you caught us on a
perfect day through men really like
frickin slam yeah I know the last couple
days we were pretty busy uh when Joe
came in dude like it was literally
people everybody's just like that's
alright man take care of the other
people I'm just here to pick up some
apples okay that's awesome yeah it gets
pretty slammed in here I'm actually
really surprised at the crowd today
that's just no one's here yeah you kind
of missed the whole morning crowd and
then it just our NVIC awesome that's
awesome I'm glad it's like this right
now cuz I got a bunch of stuff out to do
today hey all right cool
I love
almost done with my haircut is you do
anything different this time Ben
I probably kind of shorter maybe I made
a mistake here and there yeah alright
Ben doesn't make any mistake then always
makes my hair look consistent all right
every time
every time this challenge really
got a biggie look look better than the
last part right that's true that's the
look presentable for camera all about
the camera yeah how long have you been
cutting hair for been been doing this
for 21 years now 21 yep still living it
myself every haircut is a new haircut
did you start cutting your friends hair
or did you start like I in a business
already cutting a flattop yeah on my
friends hair and that was like the
funnest thing the most thrilling
experience ever
I used to cut my friends hair too oh
yeah yeah I used to call my friends hair
and then I used to cut my own hair and
then I cut my hair all the way into
college and then I got too lazy I
started to me yeah yeah until I found
you guys yeah we kind of all the baby
hair cutters a lot of people in the SUV
they grow up cutting their own hair
though everybody you know it was just
like a high school thing fun right yeah
and if you need a fade it's easier to
just fade yourself like every week hey
you know what's funny what I've never
money for haircut in my entire life here
your whole life
not even one for what my dad was a
barber oh yeah so I don't know how you
guys feel but but what if I like let's
say you go out of town or you go out of
the country then you need a haircut
or just suede okay so don't cut your
hair when you're out of town okay you
gotta have a bad experience that's true
you better saved it up and just go back
to your usual Barbara yeah that's true
that makes sense
hey you rather have it long then have a
really really messed-up haircut and
short and then you have to grow it out
oh yeah maybe to a point that is
unfixable that's true right yeah it
happened to me one time one time I came
here when you guys were closed on a
Sunday and I found this Mexican place in
East Los Angeles and then they faded my
hair like all the way up to like right
here and I told him I wanted a medium
fade and I don't know why they faded it
like all the way up here oh yeah and I
couldn't even tell cuz I wasn't sitting
facing the mirror it was the back of my
head is facing the mirror yeah most of
the pacers like don't turn you around
and I don't know why yeah I'm facing the
other direction so I can't even tell
what he's doing I turn around I'm like
holy shit what happened to my hair
surprised haircut right yeah is that
your phone yeah it's a cat call awesome
now nobody has it that's true thought oh
that's a good excuse
hey Britney hey Fani you cutie pies so
now I'm at home I got some Taco Bell so
I can answer some emails trying to
double dick those motherfuckers because
I still got a bunch of stuff I have to
do got the haircut got the gun got the
new camera I just got to answer a bunch
of emails now eat wait for silent month
to come and then meet them at the gym
and then we're gonna go train and this
has been a very very productive day if I
can knock out these emails really quick
I might even try to take a little nap
then I'll feel really good for our
training it's actually really windy
today if you look at the leaves outside
it's kind of blown out but it's really
windy today but it makes the house feel
so good this is one of the reasons why
we like this house when we first got it
is because the windows are so huge so we
can open all the windows and immediately
the whole house just circulates really
nicely so now after I eat and answer
emails I am going to head brynnie
Jim now they saw the mic what are we
gonna do today
Oh 853 70 percent and how much is on for
you
a game on
what are you there at this arrow same
thing
are you gonna do so deep it's only gonna
drop a little lower
yeah real hardcore like that I was going
to do 70 but I want to be to sort of
insert a new program so I might do a
little bit less but also one look like a
bitch either just a little yellow for 95
for triples
what are you guys doing over here we're
mobilizing who's teaching who
you're teaching her are you really
trying to come see with me let's do it
looks like that was you guys I saw Micah
he's so shy I'm showing what I stick it
up come on a diet
what are you doing why are you sorry
61 16 bleep oh the CrossFit open workout
yeah are you going to train with us
today
okay my turn with you whoa I'll hang
with you boys okay I'll try to train
with you I've got a history or some
power lifting Martin Olli lifted by
nature right what are you gonna do first
policy me what depends
so this is Phoenix from American
Gladiator and today the sky to Denver
today we have the pleasure of welcoming
Phoenix American Gladiator
a barbell brigade
have you been on a cut you look like
you're a little bit slimmer than before
watch out oh she's on the micro her plan
what plan is that you know nanny for
life
oh okay Phoenix everybody she's going to
be training with us today
no she's not Phoenix from oh she's not
it's from deaf American Gladiator
on The Biggest Loser she's not was to
the contestants she's the coach on there
and she's actually a fitness expert
everything from CrossFit going
we had all-around badass and she came
outside of my concern with this so no
that is not her although it really
doesn't look like everybody
all right it's time for my first set
you're gonna smoke it
how did that feel look
next up we got Jen
she swears she doesn't power it but
she's strong a shit she just pulled you
25 or three
now I'm not 255 great one look at up
nice eight more eight more Jen that's it
that was good
all right next up we got silent Mike he
is hella strong and he just told me that
his next meet he's gonna pull from
pension for seven hundred conventional
to shut up all the naysayers that sumo
is cheating even though it is and that's
fortunately five four three like nothing
like butter
you should just call mutter my
buttermilk
you need to slow down they'll give you a
speeding ticket
hey speeding tickets all over solo I
wasn't recording as fine Phoenix is
pulled 290 pounds for a triple
conventional very strong Hampshire but
now we're going to see if maybe sumo
will get a better position part she's
pretty mobile she screwed up
she's like a b-minus athlete this is a
plus I seen you on American Gladiator
and we're killing it going over the ring
Ross the wider stance
right up against the wall let's give
closes straight
you can with your knees out so
just like you
that's exactly where he wants
right here this
Oh
one one cue that helps me to his uh I
try to spread the floor with my feet so
instead of pushing against the floor I
spread the floor to my feet yeah and
that kind of activates the glute little
bit more yeah
there you go yeah
me
Hey
hi so earlier I fucked up and I thought
no I thought it was fake asylum icon
messes around so I thought he was making
fun of you and there's a stop okay that
looks just like you and I was like was
remarkable she really does look like you
and then I come to find out that it
really is you
it was just a different phase in your
life and in your fitness go okay so if
when I know one I can't believe you just
at the mark of all that's really cry I
didn't think that was kind of come from
your mouth that's great what I don't
know remarkable just so it's like funny
for a lifter to say um but it wasn't
probable to college where UCLA you oh
okay you're smart would your degree in
psycho biology oh god I just kept I
guess I was gonna go I was gonna be
pre-med and then I realized I like
comedy more and I started doing like all
this YouTube stuff okay well I went to
college and I got my degree in sports
administration well ii use my degree
ones so there we go
um so speaking of that yeah American
Gladiators happen first it's so funny
that you thought it was did why don't
you think it wasn't me is the hair cuz
like the muscle no cuz it was more about
Mike he always messes around all the
time see you started screwing with you
yeah like he always sends me
doppelgangers of lieu of like this other
guy in a Dean like all the time leave
her
no need changes faces on bodies and
that's yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
you have his problems with him too I see
yes okay so yeah no I was living in
Chicago bartending like you're not
getting you know high of my degree and
then I did a photo shoot for guys
American body building it won't be
enough nutrition oh cool so I did a
photo shoot for them and I'm holding
protein and I'm doing walking lunges and
they put me on like they're shipping
trucks and in their magazines for oxygen
and Muslim fitness and all that and so
the castle's do you on a bus
it was the time on the bus so it's like
here down it's down my face it's
literally that's awesome
that's the moneymaker right it's kind of
yeah I mean or this is this is the
moneymaker that is a bunny burger yeah
true oopsie um oh my god we digress oh
yeah so you're on buses and my Civic
trust so casting directors from American
Gladiators reach out to me they're
emailing me now I've been uh
point I'd been a gladiator for Halloween
like four times oh cool sir a fan of the
show Oh crazy but Dan Clark
by the way nitro yeah he's a good
training partner now and like LA Oh sir
do you have you want to work out with
Dan nitro tell me because it's really
exciting does it's fucking nitro yeah
anyway so um but it was real I thought
my friends actually sent me a talk about
silent mic because she's like a phony
email yeah so we want you to try out for
gladiator that was real they brought me
out to LA I tried it all out I'm against
like gina carano I'm against Spike
Terrell I read like Jirka wanna try to
offer to others she's a car dealer what
crazy celebrity people and I was like hi
I'm Jen I voted in Chicago and I was
like so how do they pick me I did a
couple seasons it got canceled and then
when I moved back out I basically was
like would right back to bartending yeah
I just say press your luck and go to LA
it's really great when you're when
you're bartending like you're never a
coach anything on the side because
you've been in fitness for such a long
time you know no I mean I coached no I
in sports it's just for you you're like
I like fitness for myself I was always
team captain but I just I know no
fitness song I only do sports
oh my stash is 90 K because we train
like like our lives depended on it
right right right now and and that was
it and I just executed so when I came to
LA I need to find a way to make money
and I actually was trying to work on a
desk in a gym because I wasn't a trainer
Oh didn't want a coat didn't want to
teach classes and slowly but surely I
start teaching classes getting clients
and then you're in the community like
all of our names kind of float to the
top yeah yeah powerlifting Craig you
know who's the great met concrete you
know who knows their shit and CrossFit
or whatever right right right
and then you authorized the top so I
started work for men's health and
women's health and there all kinds of
online content what a hustler you know
what I think if you don't eat a law
fanned you're good to people your name
always rises that's so true I'm telling
you that's all true so then I don't
think he's going to be pleasure to be
around you know if your own a good time
if you've got a smile on your face like
I don't think I would have got
it's fine yeah you're not gonna go
anywhere for your dick okay I know this
guy's really good at dead list he's real
own asshole what's higher anyways it's
like no that never happens you'll never
spend time with that first row true so
anyway that with the untold story
biggest losers I actually was brought in
three times yeah and I was I was not
picked the first two whoa yeah and we
call the direction of the show that's
the second time in between me and Anna
Kournikova and a few other people
recorded :
yeah oh she trained for a season what
does she know about fitness he doesn't
which is why she's no longer a cop okay
and then two years ago they brought me
back in and I don't know if I just think
you just you know who you are you should
you speak with that honest self I drink
I think in years past I was trying to be
like how should I stand if I was a coach
advocacy tougher sure I'd be like
Jillian yeah when it came down to it I
just was me and that's what word and
that's what they wanted what is nothing
just like if you just stay true to you
okay you can't buy anything better
what an amazing story so yeah so now
here I am 200 feet at Susans not bad
I've got really good contestants oh I
got lucky
you're awesome and I met you and now
we're here
another friend that's beautiful I had
such a productive day today I woke up
early got all those things done answered
emails made a new friend worked out now
come outside right now and it's still
bright and sunny look how beautiful it
is
look at the mountains over there that's
blocked by the fence but look this is
amazing I still have the rest of the day
I still got a few more meetings though
so I still got to keep that in mind but
I love those productive days don't you
like when you have all these things
right now I got to do ABCDE buh buh buh
buh buh buh and he just keep checking
them off checking them off such a
productive dam so glad gilt scheduled um
j/k party off so we can take care of all
these errands because I got so many
things done I'm all caught up and I'm
really really happy and tonight after
all these meetings I get to just cello
saw the mic and go to bed
but the big old smile because things are
beautiful look at that tagging on the
wall this is California or at least
SoCal it could be extremely beautiful
and you see the gorgeous mountains and
all of sudden it's the cat oh the famous
negative of California
Hey I missed you
you're just gonna give me a but you're
just gonna give me your but I miss you
so much
