good morning guys the cartoons are
playing the dogs are playing as well
and grandmas over and she's feeding baby
tyka good boy girl boy you big hungry
hippo and I'm about to get ready for JK
news and I checked the mail this morning
I'm really happy because we have a ton
of packages but one thing that I was
really looking forward to is this new
toothbrush so you guys already seen me
work with a dazzle pro before and they
sent me the old toothbrush back when I
lived at the other house with Nadine and
they got a new version so they sent me
this new one to try and this one's
called the dazzle pro element there's
for brushing modes 40,000 brushstrokes
per minute extra long battle ax oh it
even has a UV sanitizer so they're
really nice and they just wanted me to
try it out and since I already worked
with them before they yeah sure send me
one and they sent me two so I get one
mobber gets one I don't even know if my
bear knows that mom you're not making
heroes oh you are okay I'm gonna try a
new toothbrush don't come out if you're
naked all right so uh damn it how do I
open this thing with one hand I will set
this up like this got it
I'm gonna cut open it in and then take
it back out and then record all right so
I didn't want to jump at it too far so
all I did was break the seal break the
seal so we can open it
I'm together and see what's inside
together guys ready getting ready whoa
look at those tittays hey this is nice
is it yeah can you put it together for a
minute I put a break your man's I always
break everything all day all it comes
the extra freaking says Malta
Wow I need the holidays but you guys
seem like the head of my toothbrush
everyone always makes fun of me George
the only one that's ever like what ready
you could pick how clean you want it to
be such as regular rubber ice oh this is
pretty nice it's really nice wow it
feels like the UH
you know those battery packs for a phone
that's soft rubber feel yeah yeah this
is really nice so yeah oh that's great I
mean so I'm really glad they gave me
extra because uh my toothbrush head I
sure am i normal - but this is uh I do
so this is my where's my keys where's my
where's my travel bags that you need is
it yes okay so my travel bag still owns
it but anyways the head of my toothbrush
is always sprayed and displayed or
sprayed spread spread it's always spread
apart and I always need to change it cuz
I I learned how to brush my teeth with
my Chinese grandma and she did it back
on these to use horse brushes
why should ever messy because they can't
afford to push this Oh different tips
which one should I use the yellow wait
so that this morning he woke up at 5:30
a.m. for no reason and oh he wasn't
hungry no no he woke up I fed on and I
wanted to sleep another then you woke up
at 6 o'clock again so I'm kind of like
discombobulated I barely slept like 30
minutes but he got up but what should I
choose that one he open and put on the
thing for me oh wait what does it say oh
these are directions re directions I
like to read I'm one of those IKEA
assemblers I never read directions yeah
I'm usually that way
when it comes to my teeth I would just
say this one it smells like the most
average looking one everyone's look a
little bit more specialty yeah which is
cool cuz that I've purchased I know
you've never purchased but I purchase
all of our house stuff that I purchased
the other brand that we're using yeah
and it didn't come with all these extra
things but this just feels like quality
me up then spit up hair open the water
and then put toothpaste on it for me
your titties keep popping out don't call
them titties milk sacs for Micah let's
desexualize them okay here hold this
real quick what I know you want me to
brush my teeth no I just hold it up in
such hand I brush it in my right hand
alright let's check this out
so are they also gave me a discount oh
and took was mentio is much worse news I
always love discount codes why
let me guess is it bar Eiffel that would
give me a discount code so we go to
description below you can get a link and
since this is the second time working
with them you can get the call and get
hella percentages off go to a website
it's a dazzle produce or nuclear process
really hello nice I like working yes I
like working with them because all of
the stuff that I've worked with them on
that I I still use until this day like
the scale and that's from my two years
ago it still works and everything that I
work with them on I still use in their
good products and they're very
affordably priced so especially with a
discount make sure you go in the
description below get the discount code
and I'll get yourself one of these
toothbrush this is actually very very
nice I have another brand that I'm
currently using because the other one
they gave me
I just obliterated with my teeth and I'm
gonna throw that brand away because this
one's actually I want to say a couple
months like I've never seen him with any
sort of toothbrush that lasts longer
than a year then how did that skill that
so long I said to the bush okay so yeah
another I'm time we get ready for taking
news wanted to create you were never
gonna get pussy disease
would never see a guy on the street like
all shit pussy's so wet for the guy with
the Mickey that's wrong that's why there
Rick you know there's this study that
homeless people actually have better
diet variation than most people do
they're scavenging all the time normal
normal the time homeless whatever they
find
you look a hundred percent Filipino that
sounds like some Asian shit except in
the Asian stuff they don't cross back
over once you die like get the hell out
of our lives like beer cake types cake
stands cemeteries that was a kalila and
Gilbert I met them when I shot the
podcast at Bobby Lee's place tiger belly
and really cool and we vibed out over
there and so we want to invite them over
to shoot JK knees and I think kalila
brings a lot because she was a former
nurse which is really smart
articulations funny and I like Gilbert
too because like he realizes the game
that's going on
so if you try to tell something that's
funny he'll jump on it and he'll know
how to hide in the joke or if you tell
something that's a little bit off you
like catch it immediately wet that was
really really funny but what I think is
even funnier than that I just noticed
right now is so we have a comedy company
right and this is our little space right
here but if you look over there it's
like some real ass warehouse work
getting done and I feel like that's all
the businesses here click on that side
this is like an insurance company and
they're not further over there it's like
an importing company over there and then
on this side it's like some Chinese uh I
don't know the Chinese but like some
Asian herb store and weird and so
everyone here is like doing quote
unquote
real like back-breaking work and we're
just in here talking shit laughing being
hello loud all the time and I always
always wondered what they thought of us
because we here fight sometimes you know
like people get to arguments like to pie
some real workplace shit but we're
always laughing in here and I wonder if
they think we're a company that just
fucks around or if they ever thought
that we were actually working but time
to go inside let's take a little break
out here answer you know there just
feels good it's a nice weather you see
trees the Sun setting
nice and cool I get to wear a hoodie for
once I haven't worn a hoodie on Jake he
is a long time so moist sweaty
oh and Alice against OVA I kind of
fucked up so half and half been getting
sheisty on boba and they get me a little
bit I asked for extra extra extra boba
but this time half of it is boba another
now the the racial is kind of off so
like now the bottom of it is it's kind
of yeah I want to go home you ever
showed them your little baby can I show
them all the time nope you watch our
vlog Steve you watch our blocks thanks
for watching yeah what are you guys
gonna have kids dude dude probably next
summer
damn you're gonna start start or yeah
Nicki's already off birth control she's
off of it you know is there a period
that you have to be off of it um yeah is
there a period after like be off of it
before you guys start to have a healthy
baby well I'll tell you I don't know if
it's a theme but just like logic tells
me if you have something in you that's
preventing you to like for example I
have a preservative in your bread right
that prevents it from getting moldy or
if you want to grow mold you pop to take
the preservative out right so just play
something that's kind of bouncing so for
me I'm like if there's something
preventing you from getting pregnant
there's probably gonna be complications
for a certain amount of time before a
crash I don't know that's just I could
be completely wrong
all right yeah that sounds like a
typical thing we say on JK news and then
everyone's like that's the stupid shit
I've ever heard on the doctor
a13 no doctor a real doctor right yeah
exactly yeah there's a lot of those too
you know you do yeah born with duty
harvester was out what are you talking
about how old are you 28 I almost forgot
I remember watching Doogie Howser on TV
I'm not that much older than 4 years old
oh yeah I'm Way too young her than you
are
yeah way Tonga way younger oh my god
there's a there's a full inch there's a
full inch full inch it was the middle of
a joke that I was working on yeah mom go
tell mom I would but that's because I
look like shit oh you look good she
sewed up way to my death Essaouira her
buddy
he drinks Red Bulls like it's coke ooh
yeah he drinks with his meal yeah cuz he
likes the flavor yeah I know
we talked about what he said he drinks
it okay get this though he drinks it for
dinner since when do you need a surge of
energy when you're eating a t-bone steak
yeah you see who has who's backing out
my friend yeah now that makes sense but
eating a meal like guacamole and chips
you need energy for that
no but I understand why everybody vote
what's really big expensive steak joints
he's like this is just as good and I
just sat there in standard and then what
did he pick up on that what what and I'm
like dad have you ever had yeah he's
like yeah they look at you they judge
you if you want the son of the sauce and
I'm like that's that's right exactly
right exactly that he dumps that shit
that's how I am with ketchup so I'm not
even gonna judge your dad what your day
whatever you're putting on ketchup is
like you know it's like middle class
shit eggs are the same everywhere yeah
that's the middle class dressing yeah
lower class eat porridge always eat
porridge okay let's bomb no it's runny
like rice rice and soup and broth and
like old vegetables that's Chinese
breakfast Chinese oatmeal right there it
was really bad it was crazy bad I mean
just for me because I'm used to like you
know regular like t-bone steak with the
Red Bull I'm used to like you know like
can do you know pancakes or some kind of
ink or something yeah yeah yeah yeah no
American breakfast on those airlines
like I'm not like you know not like a
skinny man see you later bud
see barn yeah the first time white guys
I've shaken hands in here that's awesome
Steve live for the cool handshake I
didn't know how to do it yeah yeah oh
just got back home from Jay King his and
nations & Gumi let's see what mama bear
is up to and also what Tiger is
direction where is Tiger no grandma no
tiger
oh my bears getting her Fitness on Mon
frère so motivated she's killing it and
just watching the kill me what are you
watching mama oh that's awesome
what's Tekamah lenka are you sleeping
what what the hell just ran on the
treadmill you freaking crazy hazard get
hurt dude yeah jump on me put his paws
on and just push them back where they
blew off of it I don't wanna disturb you
I told her to check in on Syria today
that's Kingdom you're such a good mom a
multi-tasking you deserve a big kiss
he's a brave guy Thank You candy boy
sleeping
mama watching something and training
good job or proud of you
you crazy meatloaf can't just jump on
that don't be too loud you guys I'm
awake Tiger he's sleeping girl you
little good girl
little curd you girl who's a good joke
good girl who's it at the club boy I'm
in the middle of breaking breaking
milder to the brink of boy me love who
little me look good what middle of good
boy me low me know what did you guys if
you guys have big dogs I'm sure this
happens to you all the time but you
always get fucked up but someone even
know how so I just got ransacked by
three dogs right like I came home
they're so happy to see me and I got
this big ol scratch on my leg I don't
even know where it came from but always
keep these scratches and I even have
this scratch here the scar actually from
funny cuz she got so happy to see me
that she jumped on me big dogs are
really fun did you get to wrestle and
play with them but they hurt sometimes
they leave scratches Jules has bruises
on turtle legs too and I think since
everything is nice and settled
Barbara's training that go sleeping um
bang out a little bit of work before I
go to bed
oh yeah did you guys ever see my laptop
I hooked them with a bunch of stickers
and I think it was pretty cool the
squash actually lights up too
I put over the Apple sign this
