good morning all this is our first day
in Vegas and last night we gambled until
like 2:00 a.m. in the morning we came
back and we all hung out on a play pool
so our hotel is a little bit messy and
we're staying at the Nobu hotel and it's
Caesar's Palace I think it's a newly
remodeled place but yeah I just woke up
which is why I am butt-naked by doing
underwear on this time and I wanted to
give you guys a tour of what our place
looks like because it's really dope and
we had like 20 people hanging out in
here and it didn't feel cramped so I
want to show you guys what's up so this
is the entrance the double titty I look
in as soon as you walk in everything in
this hotel is Japanese beam so you got
those Japanese wine wine rice wine stool
things and then we have a bathroom with
Christina in it and a giant sink and
then we have this cherry blossom art but
there's a pool table which is awesome
because you all got to play and we even
have a little kitchen isn't that crazy
we got well it's not really kitchen it's
just like a little wet bar but yeah I
got a little wet bar I'm sorry I still
got that morning Flynn
we got a living room and this is God
Errol Flynn is not going away but um oh
shit there's a giant coffee table we got
TV and we're just hanging out here last
night and shooting pool if you go in
this room this is a the help me please
room borrowing always had to be honest
but um I think the homey please sharing
a room with Julia the homie bleed are
you naked I think here that he's in the
shower but as we go over here we got
Jess and Joe's room so everything's kind
of like Japanese themed or like trying
to be neo contemporary Japanese airing
really Japanese but I think they did
their best they probably went to Ikea
what's the most Japanese shit I could
find we got Joe and Jess having a
traditional good morning what the hell
new bento box or breakfast yes that's
dull Sachi you mean is that right nice
and then she's she had pancakes
how's the pancakes they're like this
other weird flower I don't know what
soba yeah it was like soba yuzu
blueberry I saw the menu so they got a
couch in here TV Oh mother hungry go eat
some shit uh duh I'm not like you I
don't hold you back so this is their
room and then they got a big old tub
look how big that big old tub is let me
turn on the light in here can't even see
oh they got that what does a comfortable
holy shit it's that traditional Japanese
but a day you know Japanese you've got a
kids ball in the world you got the
double big sink and you got a mr. Miyagi
bonsai tree that never got taken care of
let's see what our room looks like Oh
more cherry blossoms have a bidet - I
don't think so oh these are oh thank you
and then over here we got at crashing on
the couch she decided to join us on the
Vegas trip this guy woke up extra early
just to get shoes where's the shoes you
got alright there we pull them out then
two pairs three pairs one for me and one
for the lucky native what are the lovely
ladies today special ooh the Kobe Bruce
Lee day with a signature Bruce Lee
yellow and the scar marks last time of
death yeah that's fresh yeah
always another TV car there's a TV here
and a TV that has dub this is me in
Jill's room back at it again with
another TV and mob it how can you eat
without me that's messed up babe gonna
eat without me I can't believe you'd do
that I'm just kidding this is our bed
it's really comfortable actually and
then I got paintings and we got our own
separate entrance and we got a big-ass
sink too and this soap god damn smells
so good - but there's no smell-o-vision
on here but that soap smells hellevang
can't wait to take a shower later I'm
gonna smell so good and Jill's gonna
think I'm irresistible
mother you promised y'all done by
resistible
hell no pan down to your stomach why
don't wash on the six-pack all right
what'd you give for breakfast
um ham bacon poached eggs and grapefruit
juice I love great food this is
definitely not enough food
I'm still like as I'm eating I'm getting
hungrier but we're gonna go that go to
Ramsey please right good thing what's
Swiss Miss Antonia cancel it yeah I
heard somebody David is that you David
sub David I'm looking out this morning
I'll suddenly I have a 70 minute
no I'm I'm too tired
yeah but we got a little bit through too
much this great husband
I want 300 bucks last night oh shit yes
are you up Joel um another season Joe uh
Joseph 500 what the fun yeah this is a
good fucking weekend for you we just
started yeah cuz he he gambled more than
I did so we were just doubling our money
and since yet 500 made 500 craps oh shit
the most dangerous on the game water
barrier I thought it was looking with
skill like blackjack or something crash
do you see that long white cat that does
this thing Cambodia time are you ready
for Cambodia babe hey what she's not
here what are you a fir Cambodia yeah
yeah are you ready for Cambodia I'm the
same with you what what you guys are
crazy
it's about time
so now we are on the casino floor just
exited the Nobu hotel we're on the floor
of Caesars Palace boo boo bee oh my
goodness lesbian geo is the only one I
can touch that without ever but we are
on the casino floor and we are gonna
look for our crew and then it's time to
go to Cambodia what happened
are we meeting up with the crew don't
know or where's the tables and I'm also
down to meet up at the table soon
there's tables here but they're over
there we just meet up with them let them
know as we can tell them
so how about we go to the tables and
then you girls can tell them ungroup me
that me and Joe are a Cambodia anything
oh one thing I really love about Vegas
is the energy you could tell how excited
everyone is everyone is out either
losing money making money that the core
is beautiful oh my goodness I feel like
I'm in the Rome and Julius Caesar's
Palace oh my goodness
oh mama you have to look at this last
time I came here and at first I thought
it was just like an ancient uh art but
it's actually a lot of rape rape and
pillaging hey there's rape and pillage
and it kind of reminds me at that tattoo
on my arm see like the tattoo my armors
like rape and pillage and going on - and
I've got to condone it but that's just
the art from the day so that's the
spoils of war but this is such oh no we
lost them found them let's go follow
your lead
oh there they are did you find any
tables junk
Oh what kind of game is roulette all I
do is play craps okay let's go Oh table
cracks
so a lot of times if are to gamble at a
table
when I find the table and I start
recording I can show you guys I have to
keep all the fun to myself but I'll
update you guys and let you know if I
want or lose the money
but today in Cambodia seems like we're
only gonna win the Monday
Joe is walking around to make sure that
we're finding a limit that's within our
means because we're responsible gamblers
if we don't want to go to a baller-ass
place oh my goodness $100 minimum that
is freaking crazy
that means our balls I thought is only
three people at that table so yesterday
we're playing out like a fifteen dollar
minimum and that was a way more doable
there no one's there
did you see that table back there family
that table all day right there they were
having hundred-dollar minimums I mean
every bit as a hundred bucks
let's go to a pet inside this is a
barter side that's why so that's out of
our range actually it's actually it's
not you know to be honest me and Joe can
play up $100 minimum but it's the
Chinese inside of us that doesn't allow
us to lose that kind of money
yeah because I will some other people
are playing with oh what a wonderful
sight some of the people that were
playing that we're just talking about
their jobs for sure it'll make as much
as me and Joe does but they're spending
like really go crazy yeah I don't know
some people that come to Vegas and like
they go crazy like the Chinese side
makes me wanna gamble but the Chinese
side also makes me go you can't spend
this much you take a mom a bit
if I really wanted to I could drop like
a couple of G's and what effect me but I
can't mind the Chinese side doesn't
allow me to do that I only play in the
hundreds yeah
the ball down oh look at that CUNY CUNY
Bears Unitas Joe and Jessica is puny
bears
this section with all the big-ass
screens this is the sports betting
section so everyone comes here to chill
and play and I heard like during games
regardless if it's like college boxing
pro sports people come to Vegas just to
gamble on the games not even if the game
is here which is freakin crazy
that's why I love Vegas the energy is an
example of that would be one time
everything is super fucking hard campus
yeah
and March Madness wasn't even happening
here Vegas it happens like at the actual
state or the best
that's awesome you know Mayweather he
makes like 300 grand like a month just
on gambling yeah he loves gal he'll bet
on all kinds of sports baseball
basketball oh well doesn't matter
because he's making it yeah
and it's money within his means you know
like he you can lose a million dollars
it's nothing to him please feel
responsible gambler what it makes a
decent amount let's go you first when
you first come to Vegas and if you want
to start gambling not that I'm trying to
encourage a gambling addiction but a lot
of people like to start off with slots
if it's not as intimidating and the
machine is more automated and you could
play pennies dimes quarters dollars and
all that stuff so if you want to start
gambling which I don't encourage you to
unless you're a very responsible person
slots is an easy way to start and a lot
of grandmas they like to just play it
oh yeah come on love like any machines
she likes quarters she's like I'm going
to crazy I'm not gonna do quarters and
the cool thing about the slots is at any
gambling game whether it's a table game
or slots you can order drinks so people
like to just sit there all day
is really cool I didn't Joe still
looking for a table that fits our budget
and they're still being CUNY Bears right
now
we came back to the hotel because we
were experiencing some bad luck I don't
know what was going on but at first I
was doing okay when Jill is rolling
I came up pretty good but overall the
table was just not favoring us today and
we waited a whole rotation for Joe to
roll because this is a second time and
usually on the second time you still got
a lot of like good luck but man we
weren't doing very good and I even
pulled out even more money I think I
pulled out like 500 and then I want some
money back but overall I think I'm down
300 right now which is still cool
because already a lot of money to play
this weekend I allotted 1500 so even if
I lost 1500 like that's how I viewed I
viewed it as this is my like Disneyland
amusement park money you know when you
go to like a museum park you'll be like
okay I'm a lot like 200 bucks for the
day or if you go on vacation I'm a lot
of thousand bucks for Thailand
well forgave her gave this for Vegas I
allotted 1500 so I'm only down 300 I
still got 1200 ago but since the tables
weren't feeling that good I think what
we're going to do is we're all gonna
cool off go to the pool re-energize our
luck and then we're gonna play again
later
I got you got a play - ever played you
you got a play you gotta play crap you
never played crossed before Oh
beginner's luck yeah yeah these Gators
la got to put the dice in your hands yes
is anyone else here right the homie
bleah yeah yeah yeah he had two numbers
what he was going hot I came out on four
hundred bucks
oh so you're up no I lost it again is he
fat ah
this guy's hot so I've been baking yeah
well I'm not down no worries we gonna
play again later we're gonna cool off at
the pool play again later and we're
gonna win all it back yep the chat fun
playing craps my bad but you're as money
a lot at work okay ah it's the same
thing as I like oh I'm down three
dollars playing Street Fighter cuz
you're gonna have you set up you set
aside 12 quarters to play Street Fighter
what a comparison yeah now we're out the
pool to wash off all this bad luck so
that we can recharge and reenergize and
make me I'm a bear
really does it feel like Hawaii yeah why
do we even go to Hawaii that we should
always come here why you hate Vegas look
at the monument behind you it's gorgeous
we have palm trees there's freaking
Julius Caesar look at look at this
there's a freaking dome there's kids
having fun look at these fountains oh my
god the scenery is beautiful in my
heaven and there's money to be made
there is money to be made here and I'm
weird hey how am i weird you really
think I'm weird alright there's a couple
bmary over there what they on the other
side of this thing are you serious
they're about to make the best choice of
the life what in the world it's a horse
mermaid it's the buffest horse on the
planet and then he has a mermaid body
with scales and the flashy tail what's
this guy's name
this guy's name is smack is Maximus no
actually I think that just means the
snacks over there I love it when they
take just random English terms and they
like recognize it or romanize it so if
it neva someone's name is big dick and
they call them big it is Dukakis
oh shit they're ditching me see that's
what happens when you don't pay
attention this is why it's so important
to pay attention we're here in a group
or else people are just going to run
away and then they're going to ditch you
and then you have to run to finally
catch up to these guys so I think they
found another pool
they found another pool where it's more
out in the Sun I think the girls want a
sunbathe and get some Sun they actually
feel like now that I am getting Sun I
think I wanted to since we work so much
indoors like as you guys know the JK
films office doesn't have any windows
sometimes I do feel like I have a lack
of thunder the only time that I do get
Sun is when I'm driving and I'm not
laying out in the Sun enough and expose
my skin to Sun enough and a lot of
people are attributed like scientific
studies actually are attributing like
the high rise and depression you will
not get enough sense in within the
office all the time
what's going on over here okay yeah so
if you ever feel like you know you're
feeling kind of gloomy not that happy
maybe we're just not getting enough Sun
because we're animals
you know we're humans or animals and we
need to get Sun and there's good vitamin
D that helps you build calcium and it's
a natural antidepressant you don't got
to take that crazy a shit you knowing
how to take that scissor or smoke we're
doing none of that
just get some Sun get figured off the
Sun but feel good okay I found him
they were found a new spot it's just a
new spot okay
mob is getting into the pool how does it
feel
Billy let me see about that
oh it's nice it's not like it's not hard
like a hot tub but it's nice dog where
you can really going to go inside a
little Coliseum thinking diner fountain
get snout out here Muppet I tell you a
secret
your boobies look nice
you're a rat I thought you gonna dunk
your head in here oh that's that's one
funny thing about girls is when they go
swimming they put on makeup and the have
makeup for swimming for guys or fight
for Dyke I'm trying to get in the water
so I'm kind of like this but with girls
just put on makeup also they can swim in
it and it's the one in the hole and
stuff like
look at them bears me bear you found
something
what this is water's cold
that's it oh oh they don't heat that at
all they don't heat that on that's gonna
make your nipples hard babe there are
data free pose oh this is beautiful
enough look at the roof look at that
golden butt cheek
this place is the beautiful thank you
funny thing is all that it should is
fake probably nothing in Greece or Rome
looks like this this is offer like some
random Americans aversion or rendition
of what it would be like to be Emperor
Greece but it's still felt though it's
like that's hard for like Disneyland is
it's like you got the Eiffel Tower over
there
you got Luxor Egypt you just have all
kinds of different places Mandarin
Oriental Hotel for sure that's not what
time it looks like and Nobu you know the
hotel we're seeing right now the
Japanese themed place for sure
taskmaster pan none of these things are
accurate but it's just cool to come here
and go into different hotels and get a
different experience that's how business
ends like we go to Frontierland toontown
Tomorrowland and you just get a
different experience and it's a adults
there's that's really how I feel like
Vegas is like and this is the one the
reason why I love coming here is how
what other place can you go and end like
a two square mile vicinity where
experience all these different things
and all the same truck people have a
really fun time just laying around the
pool getting some Sun but now I'm a
little bit tired and I gotta get ready
to go to Cambodia oh no we have a shot
oh yeah baby go to a show but I gotta
stay awake which is why I got the
Vietnamese coffee and these guys do it
legit they bring it out in this drip
coffee fashion and then they put the
coffee grounds in here and then you let
it slowly drip into the bottom
any job
let it drip to the bottom and then it's
dripping right now yep and then you're
gonna put condensed milk in here and
then you mix it together and it's really
strong but it tastes delicious but while
this is in the making I got my favorite
photo Chum and this is like a Vietnamese
lemonade sprite they just take lemon
concentration sugar and isolate we can't
work together
I know this is our first dinner with
everyone in the company
um so I was kind of feeling a little bit
weird a little bit stressed a little bit
overwhelmed in terms of like just the
environment that I was training in oh
sorry the environment I was working out
in so I'm like wait you know what let me
just get a mental break and I get no
breaks
cuz this guy look at this guy nah I
wanted a little mental break and just a
change of scenery and
