special guests for JK news we got the
Dudesons
hey hey guys Garza and Yuka did I get it
right your peop and Yuka some people in
Finland do call me yeah ha oh the yard
pigs and yuca oh and you've got you've
got an ass just for self-protection ok
just not really ok so what are you gonna
go through with them Julia what they
need to do in Jews keep in mind so these
are ones that we've already done but
these are just examples so what I need
you to do is just to read whatever's
inside this box and after you read this
it's pretty much just talking amongst
all of them so you just share your cool
so do you want us to say in prompt gone
wrong - yeah yeah show them an example
yeah back it up yeah so for this one
would be like in prom gone wrong news
and then you will take like a little
like a second break
just so everyone can react so long ago
oh wow I'll just be like
submitted by Lucy and then on and then
read the description saying a team
please know how it gets to killya grove
objective into junior prom what and then
you can read it however you want
okay yeah and then we all discuss about
it oh yeah yeah nobody knows the article
so what do you know she's the only one
that knows so we're gonna ask her a
million question yeah make her nervous
yeah so um if you want you can practice
on this one in fact
popped up grown-up news yeah you know
you should never grow up that's so true
you gotta keep that Kiki for life
submitted by Danny Hartman woman causes
traffic to by dancing completely naked
on top of a truck and I love this person
she's an older woman that's kind of
fluff in her she was flopping for sure
you think so you know this person we saw
it what's he like grandma now I should
look like she was like in her late
twenties maybe but she was just bigger
she was more than well yeah walk to flop
ten points right behind Brandon man
okay and then the robber everything's
gonna be cinnamon yes sometimes we go to
nine or ten but then we just keep in
mind that we would try to keep the video
like around seven yeah but you don't
have to end at abruptly you just kind of
wrap up your thoughts the next two or
three minutes let me explain this the
name is famous because you like
all right let's start every three takes
the homie Billy comes out and swaps
cards because before we had a problem
where sometimes you'll record like eight
sessions ten sessions then the cameras
would fuck up and then we lose all those
tapes in those episodes so the homie
bleed comes out and we have quality
control every three takes yeah so it's
good to double check your work all the
time and at every level you need to have
checks and balances just pissing on the
SD cards those PBS deep cuts really it's
not just you or is compared to how many
people there are in Finland why do you
think that the Finns drink so much
coffee because it's very very very dark
in the winter like how dark like you
only get like a one hour of them or the
summer the Sun never goes down it's just
lied all the time you drink a lot you
gotta keep yourself honest I see I just
googled which country drinks the most
coffee
number one is Finland holy shit it's all
those countries Finland its Norway
Scandinavia yeah so you don't drop a
whiskey
really really no it's just coffee uh
does whiskey and coffee taste good or no
that flavor combination um it does when
you take an espresso in put some cognac
in its
good is tired faster in the winter cuz
it's always dark now you just want it
off constantly when it's dark and what
it's like oh he's getting his cup of
coffee right there yeah Wow you guys
start drinking coffee out of earlier age
I started only like five years ago I
haven't been already in preferred but
most people help them yeah like when
they're kids yeah what do you like let
me get your old room on your safe to get
your own coffee maker that was truth
TIFF oh yeah oh the cheese is on the
floor over here underneath their boots
how do those people drink their coffee
black that's how you know they're real
coffee drinkers yeah
have you been to Bali have you had a cat
pool coffee cat poop or the cat poop no
I want to try it I want to try it really
good and the way they do there's a
certain breed of cats and if they lives
in Indonesia and in Bali yeah they go
around and walk around the coffee season
they eat the good kind of coffee beans
that they find and then they poop it out
they go through their stomach and it
just takes the the beter scheme of the
coffee being away and then they poop it
all out and then you call it that you
grind it into coffee and it's the most
expensive coffee in the world it's
really cool Wow really it was really
strong but it's really it's strong but
it's not better have you ever tried a
like cold brew nitro coffee or like they
use nitrogen they brew it and it comes
out like Guinness like it's really foamy
and then if you let it sit then it kind
of all like with liquefies and there's a
little foam top oh yeah it's pretty good
yeah I like nitro coffee like natural
coffee
I like that though not that crazy I feel
like it has more of a green tea hit like
it's strong but you're not like like on
meth like Vietnamese coffee is like fuck
I'm gonna run my head through the wall
and then you got the sugar they try to
fool you with on ice you know what I'm
pretty excited about for the new office
Stumptown coffee is right around the
corner I know we're a penis yeah and
they're all in that whole area yeah you
can walk to Stumptown probably in under
five minutes from the new office it's
right around the corner I'm pretty
excited about that so are you guys gonna
you stay here right and then you live in
Finland or no yeah oh cool we should
have you guys back when we move offices
I think you guys will like it it's a
cool place not even here so I can be
he flew a truck through a train I think
he's fine did you watch a lot of YouTube
videos how did you learn this you know
what the lesson here is the lesson here
is white people all over the world
tell me tell me about the land of Gamboa
and the philosophy about it how does it
make you feel you like when you venture
through the land of Cambodia aka the
casino look it's necessary for you to
tremble in question your judgment and
what did you get yourself into you need
to feel from the marrow of your bones
and just just this is just knowing to
have you meet the bed like what did I do
yeah like oh my god why am i so
irresponsible and then you win and you
realize that's why only risk takers
makes real money
true but then again when you lose it you
go okay now I really got to work to pay
that off that's why it's a win-win
situation you can and you learn to work
hard it's a win-win situation because if
you win money you're like yes I made the
right decision and if you lose money
you're like oh fuck well I gotta work
harder now I believe in responsible
gaming I don't believe in earning money
that you're doing that you
afford losing that's very true like if
you got a baby at home and you to buy
baby formula you should only gamble half
the money yeah what do you think my bet
you think I have a good gambling
strategy what you think I'm
irresponsible gambling for rail rail for
real rail ccccc are you a gambler Julia
cause it's in your DNA you're a
Cantonese gambler you're gonna freak a
start cussing at Cantonese in the casino
floor well cuz you won with a bunch of
bitches that's why are you gonna gamble
if it's fun with the people you're with
it's with the people you're with if you
got good peeps good vibes it's fun
boring but if you got good vibes like
let's say you start rolling this hot and
then we're like that everyone keeps when
and running and then then if it gets
really hot then it might even be worth
taking Isaac's college fund and then
start putting in there cuz you you might
be able to have enough money for like
two or if he wants to get a masters cuz
maybe he wants to get a masters you
gotta make earn that money
no I'm good look be jeopardizing the
situation and then when finally like it
broke like I'm like okay I'm gonna go
now everyone pulled their bitch off the
table until I came back and then they
quit it back yeah that's how it is
don't fuck with the table responsible
gambling
everyone here is a responsible gambler
including myself yeah see I got I got I
got stages so I got a real which is the
money in my pocket that okay that's my
limit and then you got a real real which
is the amount I'm willing to take out
later on and then I got a real real real
which is you divorce which I need help
and hopefully someone calls Gamblers
Anonymous for me hey but it teaches you
how to work hard afterward you like fuck
I lost a lot of shit you like a daily
limit and you have to have a trip limit
yeah so let's say your trip living is
$1,000 right
then and you're staying for two days
then you split it up into two because
you don't want to lose your whole trip
limit the first day you lose it then
you're gonna be pissed off because for
the next day you're going to be sitting
around while your friends are gambling
and you're gonna really want to gamble
that's true and that's it's no fun when
you lose all your money
it's the first day like your trip limit
the first day and that everyone's
gambling you're just sitting there like
caught like a loser
but you also have a game name yeah let's
say you're gonna play like five
different games throughout the day make
it that off making a hundred bucks each
time you play and if you lose it for
that game that's it a couple hours go to
the pool lay around cool down yeah try
man chicken you can't play when you're
tasting awesome so so this is the
mainland that I'm telling you guys about
in these blocks they got these super
rich like parachute kits and they just
come here and the regular daily drivers
is Ferraris is shit but they also got
multiple cars and these guys are like
the new Armenians in town where they got
mad money and they just take it and
there's nothing wrong with being ballin
or being born into royalty but I'm just
hating and this is uh this is the
predicament of the sgv where you got
normal motherfuckers like us and then
all of a sudden you just got all these
like kids rolling around and these
exotic cars there's another one right
here holy moly look at that shit so we
just did this article on JK news where
this fucking perverted sick twisted
motherfucker of a dad made a fake
account on IG so that he can flirt with
his daughter so wait let me let me go
back with it he pretended to be a
teenage boy that somehow stumbled across
this girl's IG so it's the so it's the
dad that's thought that hit up his own
daughter and pretended to be the 15 year
old boy their daughters 14
he pretended to be this boy and and
coaxed the little girl aka his real-life
daughter to send nude photos he gets new
photos long story short he basically
blackmails his daughter saying these are
the photos I have of you now we gotta
get have sex so we wrapped that sari a
completely fucking twisted story bar
then ends that whole series of
conversation with saying just ended this
yeah we'd say I hope I never want to
fuck my daughter is that what you said
oh yeah and I am in just complete this
belief that you're hoping that that
never happens why you want me to fuck my
daughter so Joe agrees on a percent I
know what you guys are saying but I
can't even believe that that's like a
thought or a fear I love horses right
yeah hope I'm never gonna want to fuck a
horse wait wait why cuz he doesn't have
a horse so here's enough the horse is
gonna turn him on yet yeah he's right
now he's looking cuz right now cuz he's
looking at horses from a distance and he
doesn't own it but if you see but if you
see a horse ass every single day what
miss stars turn em on I love fucking
horses cuz there are how do they become
horse fuckers they're not everyone
started off as a horse fucker no they
did it but they had some really sick and
fucking know you're some shit yeah I do
who see that's why so that's Tess it
makes sense
everyone everyone starts off normal and
then something happens and then now they
want to fuck a laptop or some guys like
feet and how do they know that they like
feet well why do I like why does some
guys like ass and how do they know
they're like what are they talking about
she's heard a lot is that the thing that
you're talking about in today and our
society's considered a sick perversion
yeah so for you that's what I'm saying I
hope I don't have the sick perversions
we and there's nothing wrong with
thinking that way but you're saying us
is a common thought that you know what
when my daughter comes out I pray she's
ugly so I don't fuck this shit I know
you so what I'm saying is this I hope I
have a daughter and she's spunky no and
she listen to me you even finish me here
okay I hope I have a daughter and I hope
she's fucking hot but I don't want to be
attracted to her people out there where
they have a cousin that's fine as fuck
and then don't be like Albuquerque
members tested see have you ever made
like a dish you know I got dervishes
bomb I want to eat it it's the same
thing like what if you make a human
being in like fuck I made that that's
fucking hot I want to fuck this human
being that's what I'm saying
not so to say I hope it doesn't happen I
said I hope my daughter's hot but I'm
not attracted to her it sounds like the
book would you find out she's hot it's
gonna be like I obviously want to find
all I'm saying is I don't wanna I don't
want to fuck my daughter that's all I'm
saying
but a lot of people don't they're not as
open and honest as you because I'm a
hundred percent wait yeah see
one day my cute little baby girl doesn't
grow up to be a fucking hot-ass porn
star that I want to fuck no I don't get
it I don't get it because like even if
my son is fine as fuck right like you
could be a fucking model I'm never gonna
be like oh but you don't know that no do
you have a hot ass fucking son so
fucking cute I think he's the fucking
cutest ever but I see that baby I'm
never gonna be like oh fuck until you
until you get that one nephew we don't
see that baby no more and then you want
to fuck them scares you out
I'm telling I don't want to fuck up my
hope I don't want to fuck them if I do
I'm gonna get help
I'm gonna be like oh this is no good I
need to get some help no but I'm not
living in denial though so this is bar
statement I hope I'm not ever so
desperate to have to steal a million
dollars right in front of my face yeah
what I'm saying is this I hope I never
have to kill somebody that's what I'm
saying cuz there might be a day where
someone pisses me the fuck off so much
where I want to kill that motherfucker
but I don't know if I'm gonna be able to
do it until that happens when she says
that's a weird perversion did you take
that to say cuz just one or the other
either I hope I don't fuck my daughter
or I hope I do my book yeah if you if
you don't hold me it was the opposite of
I hope I don't do it so I hope I do it
no no it's it's let's just not have that
hope at all because you don't need the
hope
but there are people in there that do
right so what if what if it happens then
what are you gonna do that's why I'm not
having kids no no it's like this it's
like this it's like me saying you know
what I hope I never get so broke and so
desperate to the point where I have to
purse-snatcher grandma that's what I'm
saying I don't want a person at your
grandma and I hope I never get to that
point but if I ever M so broken so
desperate and I have to then that so I'm
really gonna get tested if that still
makes more sense that I'm not living it
available what is going on if you guys
live in a town of like 200 people then
I'm like oh shit I can see why he's so
desperate but you live in fucking la
there's no reason why you should have
like the population number has nothing
to do with what turns you on
yeah so you're telling me if you lived
in a town of 20 people you're probably
fuck your brother I think it might be
different what you just just said like
depending on the population number
you'll start considering their sexual
partner maybe it'll relate to you
because I don't have the same sexual
urges the way that you guys have this is
about sex I'll say about purse-snatcher
about killing people it's all the same
logic it's I hope I'm never in a
situation it makes me question I think
the difference is what she's saying is
that most people can see themselves that
they were starving that they would steal
food from somebody else but most people
can't see themself no matter how
attractive their child is that they
could be attracted to that kid that that
one is one is perceived as social common
sense and want to see this desperate
measures that would happen but the
problem is I haven't made a child yet so
I don't know how hot they're gonna go
hypothetical but even would meets you
like I haven't stolen from the old
grandma but I could see myself if I was
starving and I had a few conceals my
grandma I could envision that but she
can't envision herself
I can't matter what the situation
whatever whatsoever and so then I'm
taking it and then his point is saying
that by you saying that that's actually
blissful ignorance because you haven't
been in that situation yeah it's not
well I'm saying so then I'm taking a
little bit further I'm saying well maybe
I can't understand where both of you
guys are coming from because I don't I
don't view sex or feel sex the same way
a man would from and the child that
comes yeah yeah and like I felt it in my
body for nine months like I think I will
never want to do that but what if Paul
Walker came out of you know that Paul
Walker still my baby boy and I'll never
want to tongue him but the office
statement stays true is I guess hello
you hope that you will never want to
fuck your own cuz you know what you know
this whole video is gonna backfire if
one day you fuck your son then you're
gonna look at this video from a guy's
point of view when I say that it's not
even about me the guy just one statement
yeah never have to fuck my own kid no no
fuck yeah no swaying no fucking know
what okay what if there is a what if
what if there it's not my own your own
desire but someone breaks in your house
and says fuck your own son or else I'm
gonna kill both of you right now see
then I'll fucking then fucking kill me
but don't you hope that you'll never
have to put your own see I will
like I'm sorry my boy what if someone
had her mom - he says if you don't fuck
your son I'm a blaster mom in the face
right now
mom you lived a good 60 years I think
all right Joe what's his name indicate
with his two daughters I'm Nick autumn
trunk and then they had a threesome yeah
and then they they had kids I mean it
happens you're fucking each other and
they're all family not saying that it's
good or normal it's fucking disgustedly
but it happens and we can't be blamed
you can't yeah back to that all we got
to say is I hope I hope I've never faced
with the decision to ever have to
question I'll make this demon I hope
there's never a gun to my head and a
fucking perpetrator trying to have me
fucking I don't have to get all specific
that's all we just kept in general bar
the hell you basically keep your shit
tight so he never has to be tempted by
another dollar yeah part thing don't
have my kid what I agree we're not
having kids yes a boy ever the the vlog
that comes out next year is gonna have a
baby in it
so I was kind of filling a little bit
weird a little bit stressed a little bit
overwhelmed in terms of like just the
environment that I was training in oh
sorry the environment I was working out
in so I'm like wait you know what let me
just get a mental break and I get no
breaks cuz this guy look at this guy nah
I wanted the little mental break and
just a change of scenery
