puns up beautiful people
good morning it's pretty early in the
morning 747 woke up at 7:30 didn't
rolling around in bed for 17 minutes
I woke up early exempted me the sound
guy or our JDK set side so that's gonna
be fun good morning father
what about there what are you doing with
that
catch others
how cute
that's us
oh man it's about to get over here
Wallace prior to the morning was kind of
weird for me at least I showed up about
thirty minutes late it's all good but it
wasn't much to show you guys we were
just in an empty shell of a room you
talked about the insulation and what I
should clothes and how this sounds going
to be shitty and like told us to go to
plus the bad and then they gave us the
price amount right but more details to
come about that when insulation actually
starts happening but right now if you
haven't noticed I am against a black
wall and there's really dope
wait about our employ who me
oh he's talking about so I'm actually
behind the desk right now
and I haven't been behind this desk for
like almost two years now it's really
interesting to be here I actually really
really really like it what are you doing
is not going to be your closet what
so I decided to workout a barbell today
and my workout I mean like put a session
of sweat and barbells and training and
high heart rates up that's not what I
mean by work out of I mean like
literally get my laptop and work in this
environment I feel like it's really
healthy to change the environment that
you're that you like working or that you
like to hang out in I feel like the
change once in a while is like a little
refresher and it's like a mental break
so I was kind of feeling a little bit
weird a little bit stressed a little bit
overwhelmed in terms of like just the
environment that I was training in oh oh
sorry the environment that was working
out in so I'm like wait human let me
just get a mental break and I get no
breaks cuz this guy look at this guy I
wanted the middle mental break and just
a change of scenery again a change of
energy and environment like you don't
just work how to stay at home bar by the
way and like you know just see these
people like people you
it's been really cool everyone's like
super high-energy there's always
something to talk about there's
something going on right now I don't
even know but it was it's nice right now
all right so I had to bring it down a
notch and although a barbell is a lot of
fun to train in and a lot of fun to work
from it's kind of a little too fun for
what I needed to do they're all just
meeting and working independently but
together very comfortably PJs this is
about 85 degrees today but somehow aeryn
aeryn managed to wear a sweater today oh
yeah let's talk about that real quick
normal you brought it up
show us your beard good show us the lack
thereof what happened can you feel your
pillow now I get a little bit of cold
feeling now
is it is it the same as when you shave
your head like when you get like a fade
oh I don't know I'm not feeling any like
direct air but you're not talking about
you know when you get your head shaved
because I used to shave my head not
shave a--basically gonna fade um and
when I would get the fade as soon as
there was a gust of cool air it would
like it was cold and I had to like
shield and I protect my skin because it
was cold I think that I was different
because for me every once in a great
while like maybe once a month I would
get that back something like yeah yeah
and story what looks good can you eat
better now cuz I know you were having
issues eating but the water bottle down
tell me the story
oh yeah it was gonna be messy I just eat
it at home or if it was like a burger
sometimes I'd actually rip a piece of
burger off so I why don't you just say
fuck it and then just what what's the
BART method Bart is a savage because
it's like at least with the one on the
mustache or like right around here you
can kind of sort of see if you get to
know yourself right beards way down here
it's like you also have a bit yes well
you have to be like extra careful you
can't see if it gets that do you think
it's gonna you're gonna let it grow back
or is this the length you're gonna
maintain it
I'm reactivating my skin to air and
moisture once this
so then I think what you should do then
you should just do the reverse no no let
your hair grow out shave the beard so
this you always have something loan on
your face or head do you guys remember
when Bart had a little beard it did it
no way you look so dirty
I don't know but no way yours versus
babies you just hear what Bart I mean
went but what Aaron just said but you
gave up too quick it just takes like
different rates no way man I've seen
lose and he's had a patch of hair
missing since forever well I think
that's just Oh
I just think he's bald true but he
doesn't mind it's cute cause he has a
little swirl on the side of his cheeks
my friend has this I think it's like a
some people have it on the back of their
heads or the front of their heads is
that what a Kelly order Kelly all day I
don't normally have it because they have
long hair
I'm from weighs it down that makes sense
well congratulations on the newfound
moisture in the face oh no I mean the
beard no no I felt like a stranger when
I had the beard oh now you feel like a
stranger's I couldn't see my face really
I don't even know what that feels like
how many times are gonna pick up that
fucking bottle all right sorry RL the
I'll leave you be t air bottle true I
know
shut up Gio all right so I was just
talking to Erin after he told me to shut
up and get back to work
we were talking about oh I know we're
talking about Bart says hey do you guys
want me to get any food for you guys is
gonna pick up some food for himself for
dinner um I was like oh what are you
gonna eat he says oh I'm gonna get
Indian food and then I was like oh
that's cool actually I don't want food
but I do want to make a last year and
then Aaron was like oh second that
please cuz I want a mango lassi too and
then he says do you mind if I show this
all right then he says um you know what
the last time we had mango lassi I
almost didn't make it home meaning he
almost shat himself
and I also included in that story I was
like oh actually that happened to me too
it happens to me every time I eat Indian
food because I feel like they like one
of their spices that they include is
like a natural X lakhs I I know you guys
fill me on this um so then I said
wouldn't it be a genius idea now that I
think about it it's not a genius idea
cuz it's thirty eggs it it already
exists but I'm an idiot but I still said
it anyway I said wouldn't it be genius
if they had diapers for adults but Aaron
being the nice guy that he is he didn't
call out the idiot that I am and he just
went on with my thought and he's like
you know what I have and this part I
thought was fucking genius I'm gonna
show this intern you okay with it thank
you yes it's great knowledge now I feel
like I'm gonna be prepared like I'm
gonna have my emergency kids so Aaron
has any shitting emergency kit in his
car and that consists of that consists
of toilet paper and white B's do you
have a bag no I'm doing it outside I
know I don't know I don't know if you
want a litter what are gonna do with
your shit paper you just leave it
outside that's what I'm talking about
yeah flushable wipe these are gonna go
out no you should put a bag you should
bring a bag so I I just I just fixed a
flaw in his system you're welcome but
now I'm gonna incorporate that in my in
my life I'm gonna make sure that every
car that I own has 'wipeys baby wipes
and toilet paper and a bag so that I can
dispose of my shit paper later
wait you're telling me you've sat on
yourself before sometimes you just know
you're not gonna be able to make it home
and you're in traffic or whatever and
and your buds start sweating and then
you hear the fucking bubble guts maybe
you could get off the road at least but
it's maybe you don't know if it's an
exit that has anywhere to go so at least
if you get off you could do your
business on the side of the road or
whatever if you have to but you have a
community be down to take a shit on the
side of the road or would you just shit
on yourself if you knew if you knew that
the fabric the material that you're
wearing like your pants like it won't
seek through like it might get moist you
would it
you mean like stay in traffic shit on
myself and then get out later magically
make it disappear yeah or what not
magically make it disappear like you
probably have to drive back home okay no
I think I'd rather just literally if I
really had to I'd rather just get out on
the side of the road damn your breathe
if you shit outside my truck and people
can watch me damn your breathe this is
this is where Aaron and I are completely
different because I don't see myself at
least on a freeway I won't do it because
I'm not trying to be that guy you know
and now with like social media and like
easy access to like getting get making a
video and posting it in a matter of
minutes online like I'm not down with
like getting on the side of a road
taking a shit it's for everyone to see
so I think I would shit on myself I've
actually shown myself before that's why
that's why you gotta open your passenger
door and then get in front of the
passenger door so people behind can't
see no actually if you have a four car
or a four door then you do the passenger
and the driver and you create a little
barrier or whatever
yeah we never be bald
we never evolve until they make like a
hole in the car seat that sucks shit
right out of your ass this is always
gonna be this problem and that's how all
humans will connect all over the world
does it matter your status does it
matter your your knowledge it doesn't
matter your class nothing we all have
emergency shits that create that shits
makes us equals so have an emergency
shit bag you should sell that now that I
have the complete package you're welcome
I want five percent of all sales Oh Baby
what are you eating in the everyone oh
shit hold on let's go fun let's help
your dad
this way hold on I'm gonna hook you up
wait for me he's gonna need this and
he's gonna be one of these just in case
someone's in the toilet thanks Aaron
here you should have this just in case
someone's using the bathroom
what cuz you're gonna have the shits all
have this you don't have shit alright
what time is it right now 850 no 9 956
alright we'll see if you have shits or
not well we'll see the meat sticks off a
favourite time but go to bed
and be CUNY time but first a movie it
was pretty hot today so popular turn on
our old-school ancient AC or all things
we go wow I love you fall back you do I
do / - mother potato good night papa
the 9-month bad bye guys tonight
this is the ha
