you know what's crazy about growing up
and I guess like a super conservative
militant powerful is that your dad
doesn't teach you anything that a normal
dad is supposed to teach you and they
just assume that you learn everything on
your own you magically somehow so like I
wanted to learn how to iron clothes and
have to ask my grandfather you taught me
and then one day randomly my my dad's on
the iron clothes and even starching and
this is when I was like 13 or something
it was like I taught you how to do that
that's so good I'm like not you
motherfucker in my mind that's all
grandpa taught me and it's just so funny
because I don't know how Asian parents
do this like super conservative where
they they just assume that you know
everything and so even when shaving my
dad never taught me how to shave and of
course like I don't need to shave for a
long time do you definitely grow that
much facial hair but I'd still had that
junior high like little catfish mustache
and he could have taught me but he did
so guess how I learned how to shave I
learned how to shave the boot camp from
white people and I guess that's a good
place to learn because white people have
thick beards and there's always the ones
in the Gillette and the shit commercials
however I don't have the same amount as
hair as they do but because I learned
how to shave them bootcamp through them
I'm always putting shaving cream all
over my face like this even though I
probably don't need it like I only grow
facial hair like
strip but I'm just so used to it it's
like muscle memory you know so it's so
strange and I guess the cool thing about
having parents that don't teach you
anything that they assume that you're
supposed to memorize they're with you on
your own oh and by the way I really like
using hot water cuz I use it to heat up
the blade and then I think it cuts
easier yeah but one thing that I do
really enjoy about having my parents is
that it gave me a chance to see what
kind of parenting I'm like and then what
kind of parenting I don't like so now
when I do become a parent I know I have
choices and I can make the the best
decision that I feel like I see fit and
a lot of people that I see they're
always like oh you know what I'm
delaying here because this is how I grew
up or this is what top is what was
taught to me but I actually feel that's
a very lazy way of thinking because now
you're saying our entire being is based
off of what someone else bestowed upon
you and I think that's kind of false you
know like I highly doubt when people go
hey you know what this is all the money
you have you're like ah I'm gonna be
broke the rest of my life by some of the
richest people come from the most
poorest places because they're able to
see what they don't want and now they
achieve what they do want they're
actually like it's really lazy when
people go oh I'm a product of my
environment I mean that's true to a
certain extent but I don't think it
should be a crutch I don't think it
should be a crutch where you use that as
an excuse so that you can be a senior or
lazier human being because I can easily
say that and then
end up beating the fuck out of my kids
and you know just kind of kind of like
perpetuating the vicious cycle because
my god
this shit kicked out of me around kid
and not just about my parents either
like back in the day we didn't call it
bullying we just called it tough love my
honor all the homies will beat the fuck
out of you
like for my birthday and one day I was
chilling there during a cafeteria in
high school I was chilling almost
plastic chairs and it was like reading
or doing something and all of a sudden I
feel the entire tray lift up I get
pulled into an empty classroom they turn
off the lights it was dark and they
started kicking the shit out of me
everyone was ready steel toed boots
someone grabbed the brick hit me in the
fucking chest I got fucked up but I
didn't leave they're gone
I thought the ribeye I did it I just
call it tough love and that's what makes
you tough back in the day and although
there is some merit to it where I feel
like you made me a tough person these
days because nowadays everybody think
everything's bullying or abuse or
whatever which is I just think our world
became a really really soft place it
wasn't like that back then
but now that I know that toughness and I
guess bitch this exists it's up to me
how I want to create the world so that I
can produce the best offspring of mine
and I still want my kids to be tough but
I don't want them to be junked so I
guess my solution to that would be put
them in a lot of physical sports where
it's like a very controlled environment
how how tough they have to be here in
martial arts but one thing I really like
about that one though is how militant it
is like it's a move and then you know
like like you did with purpose you stay
committed and that is a very military
style learning from like your master and
then I feel like it's always good
to kind of let your kids and different
type of environment like that because
those are the same lessons like then you
can apply the real knife but yeah but
that's kind of how I learned how to
shave and and some of the lessons that I
guess go way deeper
it's just how I learned but some of the
things I was able to I guess gain from
teaching myself pretty much of learning
how to shave from flat peoples where did
you guys know how to shake them and do
you agree with maybe it's for like our
generation like this generation the
world is getting soft it's turning into
a really soft sensitive place where
muhfuckas an emo interesting and
complaining about first world problems
all day or do you think that's normal do
you think and it's okay to became low
and complain about first of all problems
all day let me know in the comments
below
good maybe I'm just happy guys came from
a different time where we were just all
cement you know we're just fucking like
all rocks up here and just no emotions
you know no look I don't know how people
get licenses these days but I think they
pass them out way too easily so right
here is 7-eleven right and you know
there's like a drive it right here well
people were stopping in the middle of
the street to let people out of the
7-eleven when there was a green light
even if there's a red light you
shouldn't be doing that
and most of the time I see people do
this
it's because they're from mainland China
or some other Asian country and I think
what they forget to teach is yeah there
are rules that you have to learn in
America but there's also a way different
driving culture so you know in Asia it's
always like other people first right
like you always serve other people like
even if you have dim sum and you're
pouring tea like you pour tea for
everyone at your table before you even
pour for your own family and then
yourself so it's a very selfless culture
and that's cool but when it comes to
driving there's these rules and now
these Asians
they think that the rules are just there
for reference so they think oh okay I'm
supposed to yield to the guy on the
right but you know today I feel like
being the nice guy so even though I get
to the intersection first I'm gonna let
him in and no that's not how it works
because what ends up happening is if you
interpret the rules by yourself
then you fuck up the whole system and
you cause a traffic jam behind you so
what happened was the god I just stopped
right there and was letting everyone out
of the parking lot even the people that
are coming out of the parking lot were
like wait why are you stopping the
traffic so you can let people out of the
parking lot like that shit is just crazy
so please I know most of us like of our
generation we don't do that because we
understand that the rules for driving
our rules of driving and is not to be
interpreted but in the most objective
and logical way but if you see your
uncles and aunts or parents and they're
driving in a way where they're
interpreting they're not interpreting
but interpreting the rules into their
own way because it's gotta be the self
as you know I was like I let everybody
go first your nose is I'm just a nice
Asian person tell them that that's
really good that is coming from the
heart but that fuck shit up you are you
are destroying the world and killing
causing accidents this is my lunch setup
Taco Bell again and my notes on my phone
so I can write down my ideas cuz I have
a lot of ideas I need a put-down so that
I can execute them but I don't know why
I keep going back to Taco Bell I don't
know maybe it's cuz McDonald's its
sponsoring so it's making the food taste
bad but I keep getting the same thing I
think I'm just addicted to this grilled
steak soft taco to be honest if they got
that you know the unripe Tomatoes they
got the yellow lettuce and then they got
the cheap steak but it just comes
together so bomb oh my goodness look at
taco this just uh
my lunch eat and write
eat eat a'right okay okay so we're
playing just kidding party and I lost
the Jenga
so now jill has to shoot me with the
airsoft gun so I have eye protection on
just for safety measures and so does
everyone else
but but then they're far away they're
really far away
Jill's gonna shoot me I'll be right here
just one right just do it myself
okay I'm capable Joe I'm just wondering
okay
all right ready hey everybody yeah I'm
so sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry
don't be like the butthole is a brick I
was aiming for the scene why were those
five words
thank you thank you for is our cheater
thank you for five thank you for hitting
me in the place that doesn't hurt we
want to just both of us line them but
they just shoot us there you're supposed
to feel the pain is not to just be shot
and not give up it okay because if the
points to feel the pain we should just
be naked then so that there is no point
that's the whole point that's cool
enough you'll need something if it's
just a tap then it's like you didn't
throw anything else yeah that sucks
I felt it what did you feel like you
still aim if someone like flicked is
really hard okay that's like it's almost
like wearing like ten jackets and then
you get shot and it's like that's why I
moved that's I reacted sorry I thought
that touched me he didn't seem very
satisfied no well of course he got it
the worst I said it was also his idea
and I was a good pain it's not fair okay
fine even hurt him like if it hits him
in his real cheek so you want to get
shot with me no that's why I can't think
you would be the one to get shot because
you have so much muscle but I hate this
kind of pain I already told you guys
before I really could I rather take a
baseball back to the harm I hate I hate
I hate your blog I hate the skin type of
pain that's why what do people ask me
airsoft versus paintball I'd rather take
people anything cuz I feel like getting
punched I hate the skin
turning over voting okay we're gonna go
I thought you didn't feel it at all as
long as he felt it that's fine you felt
it yeah are you selling here yet I don't
know your reaction seemed that is like
oh that was nothing because I didn't
feel anything
I felt it but it wasn't as bad as I
thought I thought it was going to be
what I usually feel vote true vote well
then whoever both has to give shot -
let's do it but then we just whoever
both we get shot I'll get shot then what
do you say what I don't ever wanna get
shot no not a shot again you know I get
shot every week I'm like whatever but
then right so you felt it okay so I'm
gonna rev it up it's always like a
punishment and no one's experienced it
before cuz they're afraid of how it
feels so no one gets shot then huh no
one it'll be it'll be funny when like no
one like if everyone goes through it
they'll be like oh it's not that bad
okay so thank you guys for watching we
did do a lot of back and forth and we
ultimately decided we had a powerful
Dennis fan service on football and there
was in fact a red spot from I'm just
kidding but he plants it didn't hurt him
so we're just going to stop it at that
thank you so much for watching the video
let us know if they're either deers or
games or anything that we should be
playing right in the console of like the
video show but thank you so much bye bye
we just played another JK party game and
it was like this pencil catching thing I
think it's called backflip on the JK
Party Channel but then I went to ham and
then at the end I got really excited and
I started smashing
pencils against my head by that grab too
many pencils so I didn't break them but
I did break my forehead so now I have
all these
stripes of pencils on my forehead looks
like adidas you're the one that picked
the crazy ass hype game I know but no
one I've never thought never the news
that you would try to crack five pencils
on your forehead but you know how I am I
told you it's like the whipped cream
thing like you guys wanted to play the
whipped cream and just go crazy why
that's how I play who made the instant
noodles where is it it smells fucking
delicious
why does instant noodles always smell
like gourmet food you're gonna give me a
shirt right cuz you said I'm on a
different team now that's what you said
I'll be blue and I'm away this one yeah
okay new game new Bell a crazy ass game
leave it set up dude
fucking toilet paper and coke I don't
know what's going on in here the hell me
believe what the hell are you guys doing
you guys are crazy
yeah Oh Tiffany I see I see cousin I
hear about this alright so what I'm
gonna attempt to do is we're inspired by
this Jake here party game because I'm
gonna try to duck these rubber band
shots put two at a time
turn to time do anything yeah try to
time okay they look scary just staring
at it duck over top what ready always
gonna karate it oh yeah what if it hit
the wombat oh I got the woman
five my fingers and strong enough of
this shit oh it's hard even about you do
it to me why this you know yeah what you
want maybe better if it's fleeting thing
your hand is red as fuck though no it's
gonna pop this I'll make your husband
work out this uh burn bet please he's
fat as fuck right now it was a normal
speed I keep hitting of this and this
this was from last time but him I don't
hit the water charges no is this a hurt
though
it's just scary coming from you or what
if you know we just said it's see it
doesn't hurt oh you shoulda should it
just stings it doesn't hurt really
doesn't hurt though it doesn't hurt you
should do it who wants to touch this I
said just leave her alone leave her
alone
were they gone my ankle because your
pressure people stop pressuring her she
said no that's pressure no that's a
pressurization change you know why was
just trying to dodge it so hard his
nipples go far Oh his nipples are never
not hard stop leave her alone you're so
easily influenced no cuz you're anxious
that she wants to get kidnapped
yeah she's a gentleman junkie she's down
can you see the rubber band
she really runs look at her you put
yourself in this situation you're not
you're stupid at this point she was
moving it went right here who's next
are you gonna go Joe what are you going
this is the ha
