hey what's that beautiful people just
left the gym sped over here to the new
office like I'm still in my gym clothes
um and I'm in the JK set side of things
and I just met with um the contractor I
guess that's kind of building out the
sets and and the electricity and the
trust system for the lights and the
equipment room and the vanity and makeup
station and all the stuff and right now
again it's pretty empty we just have
boxes back there
that have like furniture and different
decorative items for actually that side
of the office back there which is our
admin office he came in and he like took
all the measurements because they're
gonna put a trust system and for those
of you guys that don't know it's like
when you go see a concert right now so
I'm not like an outburst concert they
have like those metal beams that hold
like the lights up at the top that's a
trusses so we're gonna get a truss
system installed all over back there all
the way to the ceiling so that we can
hang our lights on when we film in our
new sets if it's good and it ends Oh
excited because it's taken so long
because we had a leak
here and then the city had a group
certain plans and we can go back and
forth and it was like months wasted
where everyone was paying rent and we're
like why did it take so long but anyway
just got it approved he's gonna order
the stuff it's getting installed next
week sound true fee kidding it's all
because he can hear we're right by a
business street you can hear a bunch of
cars and that's a nightmare for us when
we're trying to film and we want the
cleanest audio possible so I'm being so
weird I just had a Red Bull and I'm like
I'm fucking weird right now I'm so sorry
but yes Red Bull coupled with excitement
I've been waiting for so long this is
the outcome but I'm so excited I can't
wait to show you guys the progress um
so I'm so happy you get to subscribe so
you guys get to go through this journey
with me you guys have been going through
this journey with me um and you'll be
the first to know all the BTS and all
the gossip and all the Cheeseman of the
status of this place so can't wait to
show you wound at home now took out my
contacts cuz on they dry out my eyes and
it's really uncomfortable and I just get
really irritated and tired so I put on
my glasses damn it's like nothing
changed that's how that's how light my
prescription is but yeah just chillin
working on my comps you know that's
that's cool talk for a computer and I'm
obviously still fucking weird um have
fun on the ones and twos right now Oh
font fun
she just does not give a shit how fun
there you are and then we have pretty
whatup burro what a pretty and no one
else is here and I'm watching I think
like barbershop or something like that
with Queen Latifah and it makes me kind
of jealous I didn't grow up in a beauty
salon type of environment why go to the
same people every month or like every
few months and I see them when we talk
some gossip like some gossip talk I
don't think I have a group of
girlfriends that I gossip with um I do
have some friends that like I enjoy the
gossip I don't like the drama I don't
like being in the gossip I don't like
being in the drama but dang would I be a
liar if I said I don't like the gossip
it's just it's so bad like I don't like
spreading rumors I don't like spreading
gossip either but I just find it so
interesting to hear about other people's
lives because honestly like I just keep
to myself I'm just an introverted person
or slightly introverted I don't know you
would call me but I don't like being in
other people's business I don't like
hearing other people's drama but if they
volunteer or if I can hear it then I
like to know about it but I don't like
to give my two cents like I keep my
mouth shut
just just let me hear the story but I'm
saying all that because I'm watching
this this this movie and I mean I'm just
like doing
they have such a really cool environment
like I wish I had that no I'm eating
what can arguably be a really good
fucking carne asada taco
that's my lipsticks are but it's
literally an all beef burrito with
cilantro and onion and some Mexicans
will be like that now max my food it
tastes like crap
I mean others like myself will be like
no this is my fucking favorite fucking
love it because they marinated it's not
super fatty and yucky and it's really
clean tasty I don't know the guy
King what do you guys think um where did
I get this you asked actually got this
from King Taco I don't know if this is a
chain outside of the out of California I
feel like it might not be but it's I
don't even know if it's fast-food it's
just like a Mexican food place it's kind
of fast-food Styles only have tacos
burritos
um nachos soap is the Mullis it's a it's
a very small menu um and like Tiffany
she's my skin and she does not like King
taco but I'm Mexican do and my fucking
love king dog oh and I was got their
pina water or their agua fresca and or
it's pina and it's a pineapple water
it's right here I wish you guys could
taste this in their salsa oh my goodness
their salsa is BOM just talking about it
I'm salivating so I think I just should
eat before I start drooling everywhere
just kidding at the damn purpose I can't
believe this is a real freaking thing
I'm just doing some searching look what
I just found
it's a freaking candy Club plans no I'm
saying it's a candy Club and I'm about
to sign up it's a fuckin candy Club look
Justin you candy yes every month I think
I'm gonna sign up right here I can't
believe it I think I'm serious but what
if it's not good candy well you got
candy yeah I don't know it doesn't
really tell me much information I don't
even know how I found it on this is why
I'm broke
but doesn't tell me oh look at that once
Tom okay it's recording
alright so Bart as you guys saw took
this gun course and you can't stop
talking about it because he's just like
mommy it have so much fun cuz I know
you're so happy to have so much fun so
now he got all of us including the Dean
to practice what am i doing so one thing
I want you to practice because one thing
that I learned that saves time on the
gun course is uh reloading so what we're
gonna start off with is this is a
completely clear weapon right right oh
there's no bullet in here yeah and what
I want you to do is you're going to put
touch all four of these in like this
wheel and now I know why all those like
gun guys it what's up are you taking
your pen
I'm not well make sure it's - sure
that's perfect I'll slide it like right
there alright but now I know what at the
gun range everyone dresses like a dad
and it's for functional purposes you
don't want to get your your shit what's
it for down oh that's what's percent
cleaner get with Nadine Oh whew does
little silly horny what I want you to do
is just practice you have a gun never
oops cup of the worst instructor in the
world I know what this could all have
magazine patches dead you know at the
competition I actually had to do two of
my magic like this so I'm have a
magazine pouch for two the other one I
have to tuck in so you have this here
you pull one out this is what I want to
do pull one out put it in the gun put
the slide board take a shot and then I
want you to reload put the other one in
pull the slide back to the four put the
bullet in shoot same thing
take your time on the first row Oh
I want you to take the train I want you
to take your time in turn at the end
unload show clear oh my god how many
instructions well you've done this stuff
before I know but duh they'll take your
time one step at a time
all right because this stuff will be
really helpful when you do your first
competition in two weeks weeks what the
fuck put the gun down and I want to just
you so that I can do one swift motion
I'm gonna face them all the same way
yeah yeah yeah it's going wrong with
already okay if it goes this way oh my
god fuck up the way that I like to do it
is I like to put the bullets back facing
this way because I know what am i doing
am i doing what you did you're doing the
opposite because for me I know if it's
the bullets back when I grab it and I
put it in its gonna be perfectly the
bullet facing forward this is just a
bullet facing forward yeah that's what
the hole is yeah there's a hole that's
where the bullet feeds out so I like
putting like this platform but you don't
do that what that what's that what's the
stock purchase I for the other two
thumbs this thing right yeah what the
hell ah what am I supposed to do it
that's it you just push it down that's
what I was doing my thumb hurt it's new
so it's pretty hard yeah okay so what
you want to do is you don't have to do
that you all you have to do is put it in
have to pull it back first no I give it
to you like this I guess okay okay so
you put it in put the slide forward take
your shot okay and then drop the Mac and
then put another one in when you put
another one in because you kept pulling
it back I'm about to pull about now so
when he put it in there's no rot in
chamber so you can't take a shot okay
right so we have to put the slide back
but since there is no round it's gonna
stay back
oh sorry of the part but
since there's a bullet it would never
stay stuck like that no just only one
it's empty but so you're getting
real-life situation should be a lot user
there's an extra step right now are you
ready
no so one step at a time wait pulley
goes up this way Bob all right fuck it
one step at a time it's okay
like everything you know when you play
the guitar we're gonna start slow
no I like what fuck fast well it takes
time to his mother practice no I like
him shit right away this is why I'm
gonna die because I like it shit right
away do you really want to do it fast
like raced off no okay right yeah yeah
oh yeah put it down oh yeah put it down
I'll tell you well done all that no no
no no no no we're gonna start are you
ready all right when the shooter is
ready
not all right stand by babe what are you
what is a fucking thing the button is
right there there you go god damn it
why does this hurt my thumb look them up
have to be forceful with the in your
position is wrong I always tell you you
wanted aggressive stance right that's
what I'm gonna take the recoil you're
leaving you're being an aggressive
stance fuck
be aggressive with it ah you fucking
piece of it off ha ha this hurts dude ah
I can't do it my thumb is red fine
just have to push it I think I am boom
what the eff not made Facebook you are
gay for it just all this pundit wrote
about those bitches oh fuck
boom my thumb's I think are too short
Sunday
then I got clear so clear you're not
devasting Dave I know but I can't say no
cuz now at the end till you cut the end
you have to push it up and then you push
it up now no I didn't know that so
they're little much yeah touch that I
think I have short thumbs or something
that's perfectly fine I fucking hate
this it's done I'm done
no please right it's perfectly fine
because I didn't know if that's gonna
figure have because your hand it's the
same size as mine so I just bought
another Glock yeah it's just a little
bit smaller
cuz I didn't know which was gonna fit
your hand the best and I wanted to make
sure my how much smaller than you want
go the same size well they're not but I
wanted to buy one that's gonna fit you I
wanted a file and that's gonna fit you
perfectly so I'm on another one that's a
little bit smaller and that one's gonna
come in on Tuesday and I'm about another
I bought this wait wait okay so um what
about my gun this one is your time for
my my thing my daughter's dead from a
knife does it he's like that to the
competition
no shoot at first Oh doors that rule I
would never - no because I didn't I
thought you did at the competition of
course not I would never shoot yours oh
I don't know what the hell I saw mine I
don't know what the thing I know but
you'll have to jump to conclusions this
was horse no I didn't I was it was a
question I think oh you shot it hi said
oh did you not I feel like she was
assuming something I miss anything
anyways I buy you another one I bought
another one - that we couldn't pick the
one that's the perfect size for you fine
that was huge I think I just have short
bombs oh I forgot our shorter thumbs
aren't it so let's see let's yeah that's
all the thumbs are that's worth um this
is a regular one
I completely can't use your hands
is is the same size as mine it's not but
my thumb is a lot
get that done I completely forgot no
what are you doing yeah I have nothing
no wonder your hands are me options
you're like the other guys gonna fit you
perfectly then cuz I can't shoot any
guns guys no I'm getting it on Tuesday
hey does competition is in two weeks I'm
not doing the competition
you are do Nadeem porcelain the team yes
whose side are you on somebody what are
you solutely no one's supposed to be
neutral
I want everybody's thing are you gonna
go now Yeah right yeah then why is your
zipper still down in your fuck is
loading all this room a tiger woman is
looking inside yeah that's bad guys come
ah this guy's crazy and all that dude I
couldn't do it my I have no leverage
with my thumb at all I couldn't even
reach it
I'm actually really happy that I got a
Glock 19 for you guys and now that's
gonna fit you in the hand perfectly fine
cuz this fits my hand perfectly and
since we had the same size hands I
really thought I was gonna picture
perfectly but since your thumbs are so
tiny and like deformed
why you so me you don't focus no look it
look at your thumb versus mine you're
not so Angela oh shit he special hooks
no I let somebody with yours don't the
regular now retarded there hey this is
gonna make you really rich
you're focusing on the wrong thing what
you're missing your husband by two guns
just to make sure it fits you correct Oh
basically Bart bought two guns from some
not don't focus city find out how deform
and how ridiculous your thumb looks
don't focus on that I'm focusing on that
guy looks like he's got a booty ooh a
little animal on the floor good I was
able to change the subject
look at poppers freaking slippers
seriously
low-key love a jealous and I wish they
were mine
seriously you know what I just realized
popper what we're fucking children like
we're not fucking children but we are
like fucking kids
fuck this still sounds bad we act like
children so I'm like so I was looking at
the floor to make sure I don't step on
anything cuz you like leave a bunch of
crap on the floor yeah and then I
noticed your kinney little slippers
what's my world record as a slipper you
haven't dealt it in once and then you
walk into the room and then I'm gonna
skip pajamas right
so I'm looking your pajamas and then I
look at your feet right and then right
by your feet I see this little bear over
here yeah this guy your little childhood
bear right so then I pull back that's a
tiger oh I'm sorry the tiger I bought it
from my death my dad's born the year the
tiger then why do you have it here I
forgot why you and then and then I look
here right and then my oh shit the
lights too bright and then I see fucking
chip over here kicking it and then I
look over there and then I see my
fucking digital ah all right cool I'm
not I'm wearing adult colors right now
CUNY fine popeck what I love very much
sure about that yeah oh my God look at
the pillow hello how was your day i we
live together but i see nothing of you
like I haven't seen you all day you know
that really yeah Oh gonna flip it sorry
I haven't seen you all day can you tell
me about your day um we worked out
together but that was we worked out
Barry that was kind of short-lived
because I left early we worked out and
then
afterwards I came home I draped watch a
protein shake I had some vitamins I
thought I'm gonna get sick again
oh no you feel it I don't know that
every time I go ham and I don't get
enough sleep and I'd like these are just
so much stuff going on I don't get
enough sleep or my quality of sleep kind
of sucks yeah so mmm
so yeah and then I took a shower fell
better then I went to uh Gilkey food get
poki you got me food and that's not ant
there which is really cool what aunt
Kristina Anna oh cool her friend yeah I
got lucky cuz I went there and there's
this huge line and I was about to turn
around and then I saw at and then I was
like I could oh yeah how would you feel
if someone cut in line but you wouldn't
even know right because you feel like oh
it's just coworkers and they called each
other yeah you don't know it like it
could be like oh that guy was parking
already whatever like when I see that
should happen I just okay
yeah it's just one person it's not like
it's ten people there's nothing it's not
a big deal and then after that and went
to the office and then I had a phone
meeting with our manager Jesse and then
Joe and Michael and then we talked about
some feature film distribution
strategies so long so they were pretty
cool and then and then also we're gonna
meet with our lawyer next week well we
have a lawyer yeah we have an
entertainment lawyer when you're trying
to work on structure some deal for us
cool and then
and then uh you know Jojo said nothing
so my day don't say it
hi happen that's the other he's didn't
my dad listen to you no no keep going
we're gonna die we're gonna reveal it oh
good fun I think maybe I still have the
bronchitis oh yeah I forgot about that
but uh yeah and then so we had a meeting
and then after that I mean Casey had a
feature film meeting and then now the
feature film stuff is moving really
slowly oh no you know in the beginning
it's like when you're doing broad
strokes of a painting like you cover
massive areas right so we could probably
meet for an hour and cover 30 minutes of
the film at a time now we meet for two
hours and all that effort probably
converts to about two to three minutes
oh and it announcers you know cuz now
we're really micro details like like
what's the character gonna wear what are
their motivations and if that's the
motivation how does that dictate and the
choices that the character makes in the
movie so all those things that becomes
very very very finite and then it does
some of it doesn't even like some
backstory stuff doesn't even make it to
the film but it's necessary right for us
to fully develop Easter sure yeah so we
met like two hours and then afterwards I
was hungry in tight exterior hey you
wanna you wanna eat me or he got food
yeah and then so I asked around at the
office was wants to eat and in case you
wanna be and it says me and him want to
eat um not that weird shit yeah my cool
I get to eat the cool stuff with Casey
cuz he's done with anything and I've
been missing a roasted smoked duck and
then roasted pork I did not realize you
like duck so much no I just I think like
that's something I was also like uh kind
of intrigued me cuz I think as I got
older my taste buds are getting more
wrong so it's actually really funny
because my dad watches these vlogs and
then he'll like he'll know
watch a vlog and then he'll text me in
your blade but not text me or call me
and him like motherfucker you like dim
sum what the fuck
cuz I you know my whole life he's been
trying to connect with you it's been
trying to drag me to get dim sum buy my
food but my tastebuds weren't um wallet
we're develop enough to like dim sum and
so now you'll see that and then I
haven't put smoked duck on a vlog but
the next time I go to Sam woo I'll put
smoked duck on a vlog and I bet that
guy's gonna call me no they motherfucker
up and trying to get fucking these
boaster ducks and now you just fucking
eat duck on your own what the fuck
that's so cool cuz he watches your are
vlogs on his little um Baba yeah yeah I
know he does watch him he watches it on
his little tablet yeah cool cuz he still
has a flip phone yeah and then you came
home then I came home and then I
answered two emails and then the rest of
time is just relaxing oh very relaxing
and posting on my instagram at Buckhorn
father please what a nice day yeah now
I'm tired I want to sleep okay that's
pretty much what we kind of do every
night we don't see each other I think
the most we see each other every day is
what like maybe 30 minutes to an hour a
day yeah a lot of people think that me
and you actually see each other but we
don't see each other that much we live
together but I mean working the same
company or some companies but there is
an apartment completely so much going on
just different apartments um like I saw
geo once in this morning we worked out
and then once that night when I came
home and we do work out in the same
place obviously but we can't work out
together because the the weight
discrepancy is so huge but it would just
be so taxing to switch out you can still
work out next to us though mm-hmm I
can't but then I'm moving faster than
you guys cuz I like you guys are still
warming up and I'm already gonna hit
like my third set that's true yeah I am
a world record holder yeah Elite ish
not yet but I will get Ally one day you
know I've been taking a shower yet I
know reeking nasty I had two showers a
day cuz you have to cuz you stink
my buddy let me smell your hair it's
good duh look at that it actually smell
that bad this time smells amazing
now damn I didn't know how nasty
Mexicans right why do you gotta be so
mean to me oh you just you know I'm not
nasty you know I don't know are you sure
yeah so you're telling me right now if I
like your vagina it's gonna taste good
oh my period that's just like I love
medium-rare hmm and with that folks I
hope you guys have a nice day and a good
hey everything is our doubt
reload this is the hot one bottom top
