we're out here in this mountain range
looking thing and I'm pretty excited
because me Joe and Alvin we're out here
because I'm gonna do my first shooting
competition with Joe and Alvin and
here's like a sample course so you got
to start over here and it's all red box
and then you go over here and then you
gotta shoot bad guys and you gotta shoot
metal like spinning targets like this we
gotta shoot the top and in the bottom of
the top of the bottom to make it spin
and you come over here and there's like
windows and you gotta shoot bad guys we
got stay within that's course and
there's more metal targets and what I
really like about metal targets compared
to paper targets is every time you hit
it you don't have to look to see if
you're hit it's gonna make a sound so
you can immediately go Bam Bam Bam Bam
and then as soon as you hear the sound
you can move on to the next target so I
really like metal targets and this is
the first time I'm doing a competition
and it's not even like a real like
competition like oh I'm gonna be on the
US Olympic team or whatever it's just
more so they time you and then that way
you can keep training to get better and
when I take on hobbies I really enjoyed
the process of progression and I think
that's even how like I start off with
powerlifting where I was just doing
bodybuilding on a gym and I was trained
for five years but you don't really know
if you're getting better at bodybuilding
you know it's so subjective it's like do
I look better it's just it's it's more
of an art form but with powerlifting you
know getting stronger and I think that's
what I wanted to start doing these
shooting competitions so I can see if my
times getting better am i shooting more
accurately especially under pressure and
it's more real-life scenario if anything
were to happen and so that was like a
gun shot that you heard so I'm pretty
excited about this and we actually
thought we weren't gonna be able to come
because it was raining like crazy
yesterday but then the Sun cleared up so
we're able to come out here and shoot we
just finished signing up and now we're
all geared up
Segan my holster and I have Maya high
protection on and then there's mud
everywhere cuz I rained the night before
you gotta be careful that don't fall and
then get Dookie all over me and they're
ready to go pretty Austin I'm stepping
out of my goddamn it but I'm pretty
excited I never did this before that
thing's gonna be really fun and it seems
like there's a lot of pros here it's
like a probably learn a lot of stuff
with these guys and yeah it's equally
right now before the actual stage starts
we all get a chance to take a look at
the hole the hole the course course yeah
I'm sure that everything is there and
you know where everything is yeah
basically you want to plan out where you
want to stop and where you're gonna
shoot things how are you gonna take
shoot shoot at them and when you're
gonna reload if you can get that far
ahead of it okay so basically we're
gonna be going for like this one in
particular that one's gonna be a first
target the white dot right there okay so
you can hit the black the white all
white targets or bonuses Oh white
targets I believe it's minus three
seconds oh yeah
so you only need to hit that target
twice it doesn't matter if you hit white
or black as long as you hit it twice so
Bing Bing yeah so if you hit the white
at the bonus if you don't hit the white
don't worry about it just move okay so
your first targets gonna be here boom
boom where's the other one
oh I see it boom boom got it and then
where and then you're probably gonna
want to move up to here to get oh one
right here so that's a dropper tort
nothing up like a dropper so in the
center there there's a white plate yeah
if that thing drops in one hit you're
good okay and then there's that yeah and
then you move where's two shot ok Bing
Bing that one yet to get from over there
oh I would have missed this cuz I would
have shot so this were you hit those
yeah and this Texas Oh
okay three stay in the limit life inside
you can stop God inside here you can
step on it but you can't hold you okay
and then so that's better I got here all
five yep so the whole point is top down
top down if you hit the bottom one first
that thing's gonna start speeding it's
gonna spin fast so I sit top down top
down top to top like start from whatever
is on top and just slowly work your way
around all right so it's gonna search to
me so you want to go top left right Oh
strategy comes in here you might be for
ya careful oh so you don't break the 180
oh yeah always keep it down so when your
turn I'm taking is this or sorry and you
want to go back for it make sure your
your around your Jonas pointed downrange
and you back step it you can turn like
this as long as you're gonna keep the
gun down range yeah yeah yeah yeah
and that's it there's more Oh so those
Jenner protect the star you're gonna
come up into here to this window yeah I
haven't walked this course so I don't
know the full course afire but it looks
like there's two there nothing's that
way nothing's that way where there's two
right here but it's just those two back
I mean two hits so every target is two
that's pretty much every yeah pretty
much every target unless it has a white
rock drops and then if the white target
that drops that means you have to hit
that white target for to drop off okay
you can hit the black - okay but twice
it doesn't drop it doesn't drop got it
then careful its slippery right here two
shots on that guy
this is the one that we're telling you
you actually have to make that thing
rotate to get all the bonus but since
you don't have enough rounds to the top
to the bottom and just call it got it
what should I do to the top three in the
bottom and then time the rest of it see
how many it takes because it takes it
counts on your timing do-do-do-do-do
okay just you want a time it's let
you're catching it as it swings the
catch it when it's on its peak try to
catch it while in the middle of it
swings
it's me going on sounds fun and like
Jenaya said when we're done yeah we
should have a little bit more time you
can load your mags and we can try that
thing and just see what you do
gotcha cool thank you which one I just
shot this but I didn't know there was
another one here all the bad guys
- them
this is the whole time is six nine seven
one I just ran out of bullet this way
you get into a rhythm at the top one
what four times you could have
neutralized their bottom line oh he got
one hit on the bottom it's another base
on that one okay alright thank you
how was your first time that was awesome
so I really wanted to make sure that I
got the muscle memory down so I was glad
stepping like a motherfucker
I didn't want to run I don't want to get
my heart rate up and then it's kind of
cool because I have some training in the
military like I wasn't like I'm like be
like all Spanish and then as I watched
the veterans do it over and over again
I'm like okay cool hit this is that and
so that doesn't even that I wanted to
achieve the most let's just keep a low
heart rate and keep mine was my first
time Alvin you did pretty good
everything was food everything was clean
you hit all the targets that you needed
a hit you had a couple misses that you
moved by but it's good because you
didn't have all the training that you
need and all the ammunition that you
need and whatnot yeah every
was clean you had the proper reloads for
everything you just had one hiccup up
the end right there just cuz you ran out
of ammo
I was practicing reloads at home yeah
that's pretty good it was super smooth
when you got to the second reload right
here yeah I didn't even realize you did
it oh so a mag on the floor oh shit
thank you so it's pretty good pretty
good thank you we ran three courses so
far and I feel like I'm getting more
comfortable with it I'm able to stay
level-headed when I'm running I'm able
to re-stabilize and reposition my gun so
that my guns not bouncing around and
when I have problems I'm able to
troubleshoot like if that bullet gets
jammed I could pull the slide to the
rear pop it out if I run out of
magazines boom stop it on the magazine
in and I feel like this is really
important especially for me who I keep
going home also for home defense and
when the bad guys come in because a gun
is also still a tool there are times or
there could be trouble you know and you
have to be able to solve these problems
in a timely fashion and and not get all
flustered and I feel like this is great
great practice because I'm able to run
these targets hit the targets accurately
and if I have any problems I have to
solve it and now it's my turn to just
call my name so it's my turn to run this
course and let's see how I do it now hey
Joe you hold this for me Joey around
this course oh no I think I want to run
out of batteries just hold it in till
the batteries right now just keep it
recording
hitting down on the wall
got one ready
unfortunately I ran out of fucking
batteries so I wasn't able to show you
guys my score or any of the other
courses that I ran but all in all I had
an amazing time and shooting at a
competition running a course is so
different from just going to the range
like when you go into the range or just
shooting paper targets or stationary
steel targets and it's fun to come work
on accuracy but a lot of them they don't
let you rapid-fire and without rapid
firing without having to reload without
having a troubleshoot you don't really
get to simulate live weapons handling
and if you are ever caught up in a
situation whether you're hunting or
defending yourself at home you need that
experience and I feel like competition
shooting is one of the best ways to get
that experience and what's so cool is
there's veteran senators people has been
doing it for like ten years there's
people that have been doing it for two
years
there's super custom guns or super
beginner guns there are borrowing guns
and it's just a good environment and
everyone's so friendly it really
reminded it really reminded me of my
first started powerlifting and the type
of community I was there I was like a
very family type
and everyone is there to help you
troubleshoot and not even just
troubleshoot like your weapon but
they'll see you make some strategic
mistakes and they'll be like hey you
know what the next time you approach
this target you want to hit it in this
order because this is how that mental
thing moves so even though we're all
competing against each other
we're actually only competing against
ourselves and we're just trying to
become better shooters and it was one of
the most fun activities of everyone with
the gun in my entire life and then I had
to rush I'm gonna take a shit right now
so I am in the bathroom just because
I've been piled up with food and water
in my face is kind of sunburn but I had
a lot of fun and the whole time I was
just texting Jill about it and all that
babe you're gonna fucking love this
because I know how competitive geo is
and she played college sports who played
volleyball in high school and in college
and so for her I think just shooting a
target or just shooting a piece of paper
it might not have interested that much
so maybe that's why she's not into guns
but if you can make a game out of it
then I think she'll really be engaged
because she likes strategy and that's
where the competitive nature comes in
and I actually feel like this is
probably one of the first ways we can
get guns a little bit more widely
accepted and the public eye cuz for the
longest time I think everyone the way
they look at guns is they probably think
of it as a weapon of war and it's way to
kill people and that is one of the uses
of of guns but for me guns is just like
playing golf or it's just like playing
basketball it's almost as if the targets
are the basketball hoop and then the
bullets are the basketballs that are
just running from course to course
shooting three points shooting from the
free-throw line shoot from the
half-court line layup slam dunks and I
think if we can get more people involved
in competitive shooting that it's gonna
change the public perception and it's
gonna increase the knowledge of firearms
with everyone and people will be less
scared because people are scared of
things that they are afraid of that data
understand but if they can understand it
then we also increase the level of
firearm safety that goes around you know
and there's this guy who was just
telling me how he was
he's been around firearms ever since he
was a kid because his dad was into
competitive shooting so one time when
they were playing at their friend's
house and they came across their
friend's dad's gun and everyone started
freaking out and everyone was breaking
all kinds of weapons safeties roll but
because he grew up with guns and he had
the knowledge he stopped everyone's like
enter no one back up right now I'm gonna
unload this gun and I'm gonna put this
gun away this is me as a kid and the
only way you can achieve that and have
great weapon safety is with education so
this is just such a 1:1 situation and I
once I get really comfortable I get
really good
I can't wait someone I have kids I'm
gonna take them early on maybe when
they're even like even in their teens as
soon as they can handle the weapon and
not let the recoil happen strong enough
muscles to handle the recoil I'm gonna
take them but now I'm gonna finish
taking a shit up like my ass so now
we're currently setting up for a shoot
that we teamed up with simple pickup and
jump cut studios to do what are we
shooting we're going to teach people
some shit some shit yeah that's what
Jill says so if you guys want to learn
some fucking shit we're gonna have a lot
of shit to fuckin teach you guys and
there's gonna be a link in the future
and you click on and there'll be lots of
fuckin shit everywhere so make sure to
click on that link because there's a ton
of fucking shit no I'm just kidding it's
not just all shit
so actually what we're doing is us and
simple pick up on a lot of content
creators we get a lot of questions like
how do you start a business online and
stuff like that and people they want an
alternative lifestyle I think in this
day and age especially with social media
you see a lot of people having like DIY
businesses right like they they get into
a hobby like shooting or they get into a
hobby like surfing and they end up
figuring out a way to make that a
business
maybe running a gun-range gun store surf
shop online surf shop and there's so
many ways to make a living these days
that people are now moving away from the
traditional nine-to-five model and
they're they're creating a business
online leveraging YouTube and social
media to make that happen
online from the comfort of their own
home and even times where they can
create their own hours and stuff like
that and because us and simple pickup
would have so much experience in this
area I think combined we have over 15
years of experience probably we actually
teamed up to create a course and this is
something that I wish that we had where
there's someone that can tell us all
their trial trials and errors of like oh
don't do this do that and then this is
how you're gonna have succeed but we
didn't have that so this is really cool
because it's gonna be a consolidated
thing where you guys just kind of get to
learn from people that have done stuff
and then you'll be like oh so that's the
more faster streamlined way to do it and
I can't wait to show you guys I can't
tell you guys that details of what's
going on it cuz we're still planning the
courses out we're actually filming one
of the courses today but just stay tuned
because once this course is launched is
gonna be the first of its kind I don't
think there's any online business school
academy online yet and this one's coming
from actual motherfuckers that did shit
cuz they always got those other
motherfuckers with the fucking
Lamborghini in the back and they're like
yo let me teach you how to fucking run a
business and you're like wait what
business do you own and then they're
like I don't know but I got a Lambo that
I probably rent it I don't know I always
see like those random IG posted people
as our friend like you're like yo Dianna
McDonald I don't know what the fuck you
do but for us you know we had a business
and we teaching isn't even really our
business like our new business but
because we get so much inquiry we're
like do we gotta share this knowledge
because I know there's tons of people
out there that want to do the same shit
but with different genres so get ready
stay tuned and this is why we filming
today and I don't know why every time
Sippel pickup comes they always got to
use
better equipment than us trying to show
look at all those motherfucking
extension cords we don't even got that
many extension cords do motherfuckers
call yes where did you just come from
and why are your hands down there I just
want to take a piss um not anymore the
hookers is where you're probably gonna
say I went right now and sometimes you
forget to zip up your pants when you
come out of the bathroom so just one
time just to make sure it's all the way
out there but why is your hair all messy
like I just did something my hair is
always messy okay I'm going to get a
maker from you guys who's in the
bathroom I'm gonna go see who who is in
bed they just run out the back oh so
fast no one of the hallways dark damn
Michael not true it's not true we're
working right now and all you can think
about is playing with your little
wee-wee no you know that's true I have
to agree that's true sometimes I wish I
could go to the office and jack off but
I don't I mean because it's like that
movie wolf of Wall Street sometimes you
just need a jack off and they work on
Wall Street what he said that is very
you must make a lot of noise any sex in
that jacket
wow so I start to start start moving
your arms around that's what you sound
like then you have sex in that jacket
Michael sure let's see uh your artist
can use the imagination you know what I
just realized
after hanging out with everyone I
realized that I still called Gio my
girlfriend instead of my wife and other
people have to remind me like a know
your wife your wife
and I'm just so used to calling Geo my
girlfriend because the word wife is
sounds so like old and weird it almost
sounds like like my girlfriend's
off-limits and you can't fuck her like
not that you can fuck around on normal
basis but it just sounds like so
overprotective like yeah this is my wife
and don't you ever bear fucker you
fucking bitch but then when you're like
hey this is geo my girlfriend and it's
like I you stuff the possibility of fuck
you know it does reply gonna break up
later and it just sounds more inviting
you know then not not like anybody would
ever want anyone to fuck their
girlfriend or their wife but it just
sounds more inviting and it sounds more
friendly but this is my wife that are
fucking vagina is rotten and if you ever
fucking talk to her she's gonna put mold
all over your face it just sounds so
crazy and I think that's why I try to
avoid using the word wife because that's
what the holy sounds like to me when
someone introduces me like this is my
fucking wife fucking whore with a clause
for a vagina versus Barbara my
girlfriend please fucker later because I
shall gladly enjoy it
oh I think that's just like the reason
but I don't know hopefully I think one
day I'll start building us a wife more
just because I know that's more proper
and I think she likes it too when I do
call it my wife in front of people like
she still gets giddy about it like we'll
be in front of people hey ya says my my
wife gon Jovic so I know she likes it
and I don't think she really introduces
me as her husband so I think it sounds
the same to like this is my husband he's
fuckin off limits his dick is fuckin 1
inches and it smells like poop oh you
know so I don't know that's interesting
do or do or any of you guys married out
there and or do you guys have boyfriend
and girlfriend or dating someone and
then you guys took it to the next level
and you guys are feel kind of like
uncomfortable to announce them with the
new label you know like let's say you
guys are dating just like not
exclusively
but now you guys just became boyfriend
and girlfriend and you guys don't want
to introduce each other as boyfriend and
girlfriend or you've moved to fiance you
don't want introduce each other as
fiance because it sounds really like
weird let me know in the comments below
because I'm really interested as to how
other people think about this am I just
being a weird one horror right if you
like the word wife sounds hideous let me
know
like yeah I'm here to see the doctor
anybody you got your guns are what you
call me so I'll just be standing here
and then you tell me this yeah yeah what
does you need I mean David nigga means
you in Korean so he said nigga if you're
telling your so you're not saying a bad
word you just say you sit down
