good morning beautiful people I hate
this part of the day because believe it
Rama's yeah I don't like this part of
the day you really well huh I make you
happy oh no no well I don't mind I'm not
like an overly attached girlfriend so I
don't mind when you go right but the
mornings are always even if we're not
together even if we're not together
you know we're not together oh sorry
yeah even even if we're not together we
still go to the gym together and it's
super cute cuz I'm working on my glance
and there's pot there's big belly yeah
but now you got a meeting in the morning
and I got to go to the gym and when I
look around there's no big bellies
that's great but that still doesn't take
away that it makes me start it was like
you're fighting an invisible ghost
magic techniques and you can miss meal
day you didn't do it yesterday fine and
you can have a nice day well you're
gonna have a nice day today
that's good proper fine
see you later
you know bit CUNY bubble-butt bye good
morning this is usually what I look like
in the morning
I'm the worst and it's seriously the
worst when it comes to removing my
makeup as I get home and I'm so
exhausted and if I don't take a shower
at night
oops no clipping off and I know I should
because it's so bad for the skin like
ain't no one of these things but I'm so
fucking lazy and then so embarrassed to
even say that I'm so lazy because I
don't ever want to admit that I'm a lazy
person because I feel like I'm not a
lazy person but this is freaking proof
that I'm a lazy person look I left
everything on my face I don't really
wear that much makeup I wear like a
little bit of like concealer on this
didn't even know the difference between
foundation and concealer I know conceal
there is supposed to be a little bit
thicker zinc to conceal any sort of
blemish and foundation I think is to
even out the skin tone and then there's
contact which could be a powder form of
foundation but I don't know but anyway I
wear some sort of foundation concealer
type of thing underneath my eyes that I
always have
chuckles um and then I have a couple
blemishes that you guys can see you hear
pulls in this Bobby due to the fact I
don't fucking watch my makeup off at
night um so then I put a little bit here
I don't really wear it like over the
entire face um I will wear something
like what does it called bronzer and it
wear eyeliner um what is this mascara
and that's it oh and blush and then
that's all I wear but they throughout
the day like I'm not touching it up or
anything so it's just kind of like a hug
people are like it's such cheeks with
you pull and it rubs off so by the end
of the day it's pretty much gone but
yeah so I guess this is my my video
where I confess to you guys I'm a lazy
piece of shit so don't take it off and
I'm like messing up my own skin and it's
crazy because I have like crazy skin
products I've got this stuff that has
like um algae and blueberry extract or
some bullshit and then I have this other
theme that's like a facial serum and
help with some of the bullshit and then
I have this thing that's a deep
hydrating Fermi syrup and some of the
bullshit but I don't use any of it
because I don't wash my face in it but I
need to change it cuz I'm gonna look
like I'm freaking at 50 when I'm like 30
so don't want to do that but you want to
know what's even more fucked up since I
work out in the morning I still don't
want to wash my face and that's so gross
um so that means that I have like half
the good like this one it's like half of
my eyeliners on so what do I do
I grab a pencil and then I just fill in
the lines and I touch up my makeup
but it's so fast and it's so convenient
but I'll just touch up my eyes real
quick when we put anything on my face
gonna be sweating and then I go work out
and then I come back home and I take a
shower and butter people come on done am
I the only person that's like that does
this fucking heinous shit is it just me
can you just let me know ladies like am
I like a piece of shit female like or do
you guys like you're like no girl I
understand sometimes you have that day
you just don't want to take off your
makeup but not the thing I don't do it
every single night like I don't
purposely just like fucking cool on not
gonna like fuck more and make a buck
today but again no that's um one of
those it's just one of those well my
father brushing my teeth and I'm like do
you want my contacts on it I can't I
just want go to bed it's one of those
type of moves but please let me know if
it's just me cuz if it's just me I might
change that shit but if it's calming its
normal time but like all right that's
comment it's normal I'm not a piece of
shit but that should probably change but
I highly recommend you guys get an
electric toothbrush if you think you're
brushing your teeth right now but things
never feel as clean as this yo maker
built lumens the closest my view that
melts the filling dentist clean by hour
forces
she's fucking bozos cute bastards
thank you bastards
there you go
she was so stupid
the way she plays around that little
push there's a cute get one you're right
this is putting on a show for you guys
good girls they like round camera
let's show them like you we are big
beauty buzz get Dancy just Duke - Jude
Duke to you guys
she was like coming at just psych at the
gym now I'm in the back lot they just
got this guy right here
my Bart's so adamant about me playing
basketball and I'm like bro I can't play
basketball I got big tits down no excuse
really but I'm just so afraid of elbows
like I always get injured playing
basketball it's such a crazy heavy
contact sport that I'm just not about
that life and I'm not about like I spent
ten grand on these guys I'm not about to
have one of the pup and me even though
it takes a lot for you to pop that's the
excuse I'm going with not trying to play
crazy basketball I'll play a horse
though but yeah everyone's pretty
excited to have the basketball court
here at barbell everyone's always
talking about I'm about you up I'm gonna
buy you up I'm gonna buy you up if they
tell me that I'm gonna be like yeah
you're gonna fucking Massacre me you're
gonna definitely ball me up if you want
to feel good about yourself play with me
cuz I fucking suck anyway I'm here now
and I'm getting my gear out
I carry a pair of long socks with me
because when I squat I wear knee sleeves
and it's easier to slide on my knee
sleeves if I have a long socks on and
I've been using my Lululemon bag my
backpack I feel like this is more
convenient for my lifestyle in terms of
you know when I carry my here I'm not a
big just one shoulder like I feel like
there should be even distribution
I've have you shirt on my body now I
don't feel it's fair for one side of my
body that just like lean so I get a
backpack I got both sides but
everybody's doesn't sink but what I'm
looking at is like the wood why why does
everyone think this is this is sick but
you're talking about the wood what's
going on with the wood hard to build
this from scratch is that right Joe it's
almost like professional contractors put
this together wait wait but it was your
knee that built it
Oh looks good I mean the paint job was
our eye on the white though I like the
whites okay but it's distracting from
the black key
I'm gonna say like just move out we're
gonna take pictures of this and take
credit for it
little do they know it has nothing to do
with the white jean is great though
there's gonna be our little barbell set
and then so rents kind of demonstrating
what it would look like I missed you
dude machine coffee coffee oh the whole
time this is the machine and every kids
what the hell weren't you working out
great guys chalk on his fucking back
like he's probably sweaty no words did
you say is it gonna be a little bitch to
you every time you play basketball Gio
either tries to back down we've talked
about this too Mark said that guys need
their spouse to come through and cheer
them on even if you don't like you but
you're supposed to cheer them on and if
you're not there I'll be there I'm just
not trying to play like them I just talk
about the play because after my workout
barks - Minnie oh you wants to play
today
oh that's great that's fine that's fun
no stop it you'll like it cuz you're
having fun it's not a workout I love
basketball basketball doesn't work no I
was just saying oh I'm not gonna play
cuz I paid ten G's for these guys and
I'm like Oh Bart makes me to the sled
nobody calls everyone not to touch it
cuz he wants to make sure that it's for
you when you're done but you're gonna
look like a fly bitch I'm not gonna play
that I'm not I just got boobs
sorry like I was fucking three years old
kept them there's no excuse I can't wait
til you're six years old why I should be
Mexican so just look around
interested in general
Oh
what I heard there was two beds but then
both of you guys just slept on one these
- sorry - right now all right so I'm
done training and I'm going home now um
I spent about a couple hours there and
normally I like to sticking earphones in
my ear holes and listen to some tunes
while I train because I really like to
focus and I know I'm like super 80
because my friends are there and I want
to talk to them and connect with him so
I end up taking way too long
but I don't know today felt like a day
that I just wanted to connect with
people and I didn't want to wear
earphones and I just wanted to you know
touch bases with them joke around and
have fun and whatnot so it took me a
little bit longer than usual but not to
the point where like it ruined the rest
of my schedule on the day so it felt
super fulfilling just connecting with
you know the girls at the gym that I
trained with they're super super
motivational and super empowering and I
don't know why I'm so emotional right
now actually I always feel like crying I
think it's because I'm on my period um
fYI guys when a girl's on her period her
emotions are uncontrollable so right now
I'm getting a little teary-eyed but yeah
like the girls at the gym they inspire
me so much because I have like a range
of girls that I talk to they're you know
um and they're all like super femi girls
like they're super girly girls but like
they train like fucking men and I love
that because they don't let any like
stereotypical anything get in their way
of what they want to do and I think
that's absolutely motivational so when I
see them go all ham and all and go all
in I'm like fuck yeah girl power and I
love it like I love strong people and I
don't mean like physically strong people
I just mean like emotionally mentally
strong confident people like that's who
I'm drawn to like I fucking love that
shit I'm trying to make a right turn I'm
gonna do it yeah I fucking love that
shit
um yeah so it kind of took me a little
bit longer than it needed to today to
train but again I liked it it was
fulfilling but going on now and it's
raining look at this I'm in the Norfolk
traffic trying to get on the freeway so
I can be in more traffic isn't that
ironic
but believe it or not I actually do
enjoy being in traffic cause I get to
think a lot I get to think and plan out
my day and I don't mind it as much as
other people do I guess
but here I go back home so tomorrow we
are going to this fall and in one of
these spas they don't give you clothes
and there's like a mud bath or something
that's gonna take place so we want to
wear clothes that we don't mind
potentially ruining so I'm trying to
find clothes that target not to say
anything about target quality but it's
very affordable for really decent and
sometimes really good quality so I'm
trying to find something um that I can
wear and I don't mind possibly ruining
so well baby kress
I'm here trying to find something to
wear or buy that I can wear comfortably
I don't see anything these are like
shaping things is this body briefer no
no this is oh you wear it this way
smoothes and shapes interesting dude we
have so many interesting little tricks
of the trade like we have the racerback
bras here so when you want to wear a
little a little racerback tank top you
don't see any bra straps and then we
have some that are it's just one
Austin's just regular but it opens up in
the front thank you so and then it's we
have it with under wire so that it
shapes the boob it like cups and pushes
up now let's push up bra necessarily
nice this all that's not one either then
we have push-up bras and then we have
comfort flex fit whatever that means
they only shit we have so many different
things but I don't need any bras
let me see oh and lucky' I'll teach you
guess I'm so the size is right here okay
like the sizes right here how it says
38b this guy there you go
this is 38 be 38 is this like I guess
the circumference of the girls like not
torso but the measurement around her
like her bosom and then the B is the cup
side so it's like the size of the actual
boob a so that's how you know how to
read for bra sizes so like this one
means the girl like this area here this
circle here that means that's 38 here
and then this cup right here is the D so
it's a pretty big pretty big boob anyway
I keep getting sidetracked I need to
find something cool I just want like
some slits this would be cool some
chilled like sweats I think I got it
oh this has dinosaurs on it though and
pizza plea to stock up on some makeup
now
like this one
I don't know what color skin I am
I think I'm medium then I think I'm
honey oh shit what color my guys medium
honey right now
you want to go outside bunny you like
outside do outside
you are like hell knock crazy lady come
on let's go outside come on come on baby
you are like fucking crazy geo shut your
ass up
hi Barney hi honey oh okay over here oh
yeah okay honey
whoo I was so scared that these guys
we're going to be out in the back
getting wet and then going but Dad I
want to go back your doors I'm not
trying to get wet and then being soaked
and then jumping back inside the house I
was so afraid of that but there's such
big latest that I think they felt a
couple sprinkles
they were like fuck that I'm going
inside so there's no dirt thank you guys
holy crap their bowls are floating
oh my god that is not good
wow I wasn't expecting it to rain this
hard okay no we need it right it's like
that sideways rain right now I don't
forget this you see I hate the sideway
ring just like it's hitting you in the
side of the face it's coming from like a
left on the ride and set from instead of
coming from above well hope everyone's
out there stay close in the stand window
gets cold do you want to go outside you
don't even look in my direction do it
what side crazy
yes I do that side hell no huh okay I
bet you gonna wrap a couple presents
that I got from Ren well TIFF and I got
four in we're gonna go have furs but I
saw these at urban and I thought these
were super cute for her and then because
she likes to train so hard and because
Calvin Klein is so thick now I got a
little sports bra and some little undone
this yeah no eyein I don't know what I'm
talking about
and I'm gonna put in a cute little box
for her and then boom be joy so you're
launching your lunch oh can we talk
about that it sees it we're still
working on it
alright what do you want to tease
because I haven't said anything I just
said you're launching you're launching
storytelling collective also clothing
apparel basic we are being is every sure
every release there's gonna be a certain
theme to it and then tie to that release
will be a video project off somebody
that fits that theme toy who for example
we have this explore maybe we have this
explore theme really one person died 20
years old who's 20 years old who's
traveled so many places who's about to
travel to Australia
in Germany he might fit in that maybe
Explorer theme baby
we'll see what the way to see oh damn
dog I see you here though cause uh I was
kind of I had to hide some of the
barbell shit cuz all of a sudden all of
a sudden Beto is I oh we're coming out
with that and now you're texting your
testes
you're texting someone right now what
are you sending notes you're sending
pictures you yeah dog that's nice he's a
splash
all right kind of support what hell yeah
I'm supporting right now homie
that's tight you see all the text
mustard a huge asset who's no I saw the
pictures alright we're getting we're
getting ready everyone's everyone's
trickling in chillin chillin the rain
stopped but the back is still very much
what so I gotta walk these hoes
which I should be doing anyway whoa whoa
whoa buddy whoa I know it's really black
sorry guys they're just pulling me down
the stairs whoa whoa chill out
dang it's pitch black
dang y'all ain't seen shit tonight
I'll let you have here to see the doctor
you got your guns are what you call me
so I'll just be standing here and then
you tell me this yeah yeah what does you
need I mean David nigga means you in
Korean so he said nigga of your time
you're so you're not saying a bad word
you just say you sit down
