nice to master no yeah let's do it again
let's play it on the free piano for the
man I'm more than a friend
do ya master nice to know you're nice
dinner and a movie
dude a Nutella me touch your boobies
you can't go wake up J don't know who
wears a pink sweater to go to sleep mom
the belly button ooh that's hot it's so
fucking hot
stop it they got a nice arches over the
arch and winter is meant to be athletic
amazing meant to be athletic ma bear
nice to know ya happy yuppie laughter
hurry okay ma poor gonna be late good
morning you little poeple eNOS got the
money Blakey good morning good morning
little tail-wagger oh good morning funny
breaky
breaking you pick your knee looking for
your bone are you looking for your bone
to pick UT I know she's probably in the
house that you forgot you don't know
where your bone is bricky you looking
for your bone pick you need even though
your bone is your bones right here you
freaking silly Sally it's right here you
left her bone inside breaking your bones
inside the house your bone down your
bone right there you have to come inside
and get it have to come inside it get it
breaky fine you want the bone I'll give
it to you just because I love you
yeah here you want the bone I'm just
gonna throw it I don't want to play
favorites I was gonna get it Oh guess
fine got it guys have to share okay Oh
Ricky looking for your bone and funk on
it you have to share my bear yes ma'am
don't you think the worst thing in the
world are innocent kids wait what what
do you mean did but because there's all
these parents are trying to keep their
kids innocent but the innocent kids get
raped they get a rate to get bullied
they get burglarized you know I don't
want it I like innocent kids but then I
also want kids to be street-smart but
things but you can because oh you can't
have both you can because what you want
your in the note you lose that innocence
you know what I mean so it's like once
you know to like watch over your back
cuz the world is Shady
there's full of people like on JK news I
was telling the story about when I was
in junior high me and my boys we would
up and down the streets digging through
people's mailboxes to see if credit
cards come in and you despise me but
it's despise you
why'd you marry me then I was very
disappointed in you as it's like that
era but you knew you knew what kind of
kid I was back then I didn't know you
were like that I thought you were a
pretty righteous person but I also stole
I'm a righteous person now so stealing
pens from a score yeah understand back
then the mentality at least for an
adolescent person is like oh shit
consider understand business they're
like oh they got enough anyways yeah so
stealing pens I'm like okay I get it but
then going into people's mailboxes to
find a fucking credit card and you said
that's a whole different shady fucker
that's actually really smart because
most kids at that age don't even think
on that kind of I don't that's pretty
awesome I think it's really shady
initiated but it's very like if my kid
did that I would think like one will
fuck your ass up from a second bomb I'm
kind of proud because even as a kid I
did the ashes yeah so if you're like 13
years old and you're ready thinking
about next-level shit instead of just
stealing candy fucking genius see oh
there's no see I still think your shit
is wrong it is wrong but but to make it
better to make it better though we only
stole from the white neighbors you all
know what we did what you guys do pretty
good call no you're an adult now you
have no excuse let's say you're in in
elementary school my friend used to work
at this store called
the sub storm like okay and then um he
would work there and then when people
pay with credit cards he would like he
would just put the credit card down away
and they wouldn't they wouldn't they
forget that they had it oh and we go to
Walmart and we buy TVs and it was saying
but she would get like a thousand on TVs
was slang that bitch for like five
hundred yeah see but it's knowledged
like this it sucks this is bad behavior
we don't condone it but it's knowledge
like this
yeah that's not everybody got shot he's
done everything about my children
you got all of us well shit what you're
gonna say what no don't know but it's
it's not the success it's we always talk
about like if shit goes down who would
you call who would you hide it and you
would hide with all of us because we got
the street smarts we're not gonna get
duped we're not gonna get pulled a fast
one on because we know we could see I
should come in the mile away but it
takes experience and shit like this
that's I'm gonna make my kids steal shit
when they're like when their kid and
that's when they get locked up and they
make the wrong friends then they're
gonna learn a lot of stuff they can't
learn in school and that's that's
important everybody is always a really
nice guy until we start talking about
our terrible shit and they're like oh
I'm not as bad as them so think it's not
share your stories now you feel a little
more organized I'm all about the only
pieces in here I don't don't be trying
to hide her past everyone got a shady
past I know that shit yeah you did did
you used to like her you kicked somebody
to vagina for no reason
what her never gonna live it down girl
Jennifer Novica out in second grade is
that shirt see-through yeah is the first
time she's using oh you're a sexy
motherfucker you know we've been trying
to get her to use those for
subscribership all the time - it is a
thumbnail you guys are gonna make so
much we round up now yeah so what about
you two would you rather have Isaac grow
up innocent and then get raped later or
would you rather have him grow up with
some street smarts so I could watch his
back
so maybe he could like steal a couple
things here and there beat up a kid or
two get beat up by a couple other kids
but then now he knows what stuff or
would you rather have him find love
online and get raped later
right an innocent little boy who's nice
and good because he has you three
fucking fat him oh but you can't teach
him that street smart you need to
experience it for yourself because for
me when I was not the same man I was
eight years old I stab somebody the face
with a pencil right through the cheek
and ever since then I do they live they
live I never done it again because I
knew how bad it was but I wouldn't have
known unless I stab them not solution
you have to go throw yourself no cuz
guys are just fucking dumb right you
remember that one movie that one okay I
should probably share this one this
one's for you dad remember that one
movie that I like you sir Harry please
shit I'm gonna come closer so I can
capture everything you're saying okay
anyway I have a family friend when I was
13 this guy just got a gel when he was
19 he was involved in attempted murder
and he got locked up but because he was
a minor he got laid off in three years
on good behavior and he told me that
entire story he says don't hang out with
the wrong crew cuz you're gonna get
their life taken away in the while I was
in jail they put me on this like
firefighting program where we come out
and change and all this stuff I heard
all that stuff and I was like - is cool
how can I go to jail see that's why
stories don't matter you they gotta
experience them so it doesn't matter if
me and Joe tell Isaac all these things
he has to go rob someone himself you
want your kids to be Robbie that's how
boys learn but that's what me and Dave
always talk about this we're gonna
simulate that am i right okay fine let
you whatever you you wanted to play
pretend a kidnap to see what you would
do ya fuckin know she wanted to see how
she went back in like a bad pulled up in
fuckin try to grab her and then drive
off and then how she would like try to
escape from that yeah cuz we did this
one skit where they actually worked
kidnap me kidnapping me and I was like
screaming I really wanted to fight I
don't like losses for the skin at the
act but I'm like
I really wonder what I would do in that
moment like it's hard for girls though
you know why specifically I know that
when somebody tries to attack a girl
they always go for the hair I should
hurt oh yeah sure hurts like really
hurts more than like the whole head yeah
but I've seen girl fights though and
they're pulling each other's hair hurt
it still control the head but that's
just debilitating you want to know like
the funniest a note like in high school
we knew for a fact that a girl's got to
throw down because chef if she'd never
had cornrows before and she had Corazon
hair she's gone fuck somebody straight
up with that day exactly so if it was a
white girl that never had cornrows
before I she had cornrows I'm like I
know what's about to happen she go fuck
she didn't want on Apple mmm doesn't
work we've got you have no now but this
is for controlled oh ah oh yeah see
that's all this is how Viners work they
just had an idea and immediately no
script I was great about we should be
wrong cuz they're about to shoot it
right now and we're about to witness
magic in the making King this is how the
number on Viner in the world I may need
you in it though Oh me okay remember
that under one that we made here with
the fork in my big chop sticks and stuff
people still fucking send me that shit
yeah they still say to you wonder why
they said this way or anything oh good I
guess I'm going to be in a video
all right so you'll be so like we'll do
like maybe I'm coming into like we got a
meeting in there and then you'll say
you'll say to him first to sit down but
you got your guns oh yeah I'll sit down
I'm lucky like this and I'm like yeah
I'm here to see the doctor so anything
you got your guns oh what'd you call me
so I'll just be standing here and then
you tell me this yeah yeah what does you
need I mean David you got means you in
Korean so he said you got your tongue
you're so you're not saying a bad word
you just say you sit down alright so you
stand
right there okay uh action
oh absolutely you till you go first okay
you go in so okay so it'll be like this
right so you'll come in and he's and
then you'll tell him in Korean I just
saving career like go inside there
doctor will see you
okay I'm next what do I do you like the
music in other yeah mmm so I'm standing
with them already
uh yeah you'll walk into it it'll be
like this and you'll walk from from the
chair to there okay jump oh directing
and acting so you don't start off you go
Oh he's like a sheep ii get the he'll
come up and then you go what is that
does that mean sit down you sit over
here okay can you say like uh noise like
that so you know how to say and I go
inside the doctor will see you now
Oh or what did wonderful about Atlanta
oh yeah that's right whatever whatever I
don't cut it for you
I'll just say you got your yonder yeah
what if you say nigga please oh sit down
yeah last party black nigga please
so we'll do uh so you do that and then
you say you said nigga giganto like you
calling me nigga and then he said no no
no okay what you say like hey I like
that word alright ready
uh it will do a couple taste this will
be the Y oh we probably got a dr. score
you guys want a doctor's coat oh yeah oh
yeah it's in the prop room David we
never even use this prop room better put
this problem to use there's lights right
behind the door yeah
there's got to be a doctor's coat in
here I know there is this is back back
when we used to shoot skits and where's
this doctors but there's lead in here
used to use
all these props we have wigs we got
bandanas scarves accessories who knows
how to navigate through this shit can
you hold this camera I'll try to find it
oh yeah no we got blazes and shit right
here hello G jacket Oh found it just
find it yep Sam this you get your gonzo
yeah you got what like a cord around the
neck I'm making more of a doctor you got
that stethoscope making banjo did I
don't know where everything is the
Devesh of it being like 10 years he's
all I could find
now we're trying to save all our ideas
for a TV show movie oh that's not
working on a movie right now and I
realize that sketches don't really like
do that well online on YouTube anymore
is just a different ecosystem you know
yeah they want that real stuff like
vlogs yeah and like JK knees when we
talk be like real stuff you know mean
doubt like all those sketch ideas like
I'm packaging up some College stuff yeah
maybe banjo though all right here's dr.
David Danis production value is getting
crazy as your fake oh you got a
clipboard
you're gonna wheel clip what did you
probably got a real is there a real clip
order the homemade guy
Oh yesa fine a sec it's not a YouTube
video come on sorry I took a way too
seriously
oh yeah all right
you got okay okay oh he got yogi on job
niggas enjoy yourself fuck let's do it
alright here we go big debut come on big
debut and we are rolling
ah yah yah yah yah yah yah yah yah what
you call you got yeah I'm John you said
you just call me a nigga nigga sit your
ass down
fuck oh damn you racist wait can you see
me can you see me all right look at that
angle right Oh was I too slowly coming
this way
oh oh possibly yeah yeah okay right here
right here you want her to follow you in
here yeah oh yeah yeah oh yes all I'll
say um I was like did you call me nigga
no and you say no no you guys don't get
in jail
oh uh okay I say um I say do you call me
nigga you say no and I say what you said
did you as that huh what yeah I'll take
a photo and then you can see oh I can
see it
yeah so um I'm gonna do bandit so what
we do now is we'll just get we'll get
David to close up and I will get Joe and
then we'll get me
zamp ankles and shooting close-ups first
yeah I'm doing it Daniel of angles
twofold
yes hey over I'll be outside in five
minutes I'm just using the restroom
let's be 109 be won over back be 109
hmm all right better use this bathroom
quick the whole time
okay - actually I don't own oh no you
got yo yawns oh what'd you call me
but you got your ganja hold on it is you
is you calling me a nigga no no no no no
no oh so what you saying like is it your
last day our fun damn that's racist
I just did it she say anything else to
him when he goes in hmm
I just want me to continue talks one
yeah like maybe sick maybe you saying it
maybe like maybe you're adopting you're
like that other than you're closing the
door
also at the end of it yeah that is it
but just just keep it on it don't worry
about me cuz I'm gonna get up close the
barn on thank you baby Hawks I'm hungry
no action did ah
yo yo yo you got your ganja what you
said oh god John just call me a nigger
oh no no no no no no no okay okay what
you said though hey sit your ass down
fuck man damn oh yeah okay cool all
right now we'll get uh you decide that
was a good one
Bob F what is this delicacy you're
eating sir poblanos and it's just like a
deep-fried rupiah
it looks fucking delicious with cold
beef oh and then some salsa some queso
fresco
I love get a fresco cream letters
letters knitters Tomatoes three simple
you know there's this uh Mexican fish
store me and my friends to go to and we
bought a turtle awesome and then like
what should I feed how many goes letters
we're like what like we shred envelopes
there's no letters and then later I
found out he was saying lettuce but you
couldn't decipher that by good turtle
letters and you wouldn't think lettuce
without a shredding paper to give the
deadly man sense why can't we get
David's on a diet so you got some
chicken tacos how are they are they
pretty good though
you're good I don't care I'm so I'm
really but I know I'm my way to I'll
talk about no I have to pursue it I got
some flautas it looks just like this but
in a circle yeah II think is the same
thing yeah got the red line with your
cheese oh yeah like salty it's delicious
our salt
humming ah hmm I'm gonna take a bite of
this bad boy
mmm go go go go ha ha ha
all of this is going to end to go on my
cut oh thank god you started this
morning oh you're fat and you're fat
Nick have a fucking rumble at nightmare
no one's saying is that it's true that
when you get big you start to soar like
crazy I don't know what the scientific
thing is but I just know that sleep
apnea and also snoring if you gain in a
burden on a way that happens and when
you lose it goes away well
it's kind of like a bikini it's one
piece see
so not really filling the pants so the
band's gotta go baby
