what are you doing just bad guys what
are they doing I don't know all
aftermarket bad guys out all the back I
see they all would be good
I like your stomach go don't shoot up
what are you shooting up for this people
and you're not wearing any eye
production that thing keeps ricocheting
back guys though the ricochets on her Oh
Gillian plasma oh shit really you got a
bruise from that yeah yeah that this
business I have roots to when she pushed
me and watch you punches emit might me
and I huggy get knocked out we kill all
the bad guys see alright we're gonna
fill today we're just waiting on Ryan he
should be here shortly
I find I'm a fellow magazine collar you
know right up around enough stuff who's
gonna shoot now I don't know someone so
so excited
so we're filming jks today work that
everyone here oh okay so I'm at Urban
Outfitters right now I don't know what
to get so
shopping maybe close jackets accessories
okay pick that my clothes now it's time
to trial them look at my morning look at
this that's what I'm wearing my long
socks from gym today so just try on the
clothes okay first outfit not filling it
this is a shirt these are the pants but
they're super II this elastic but this
part isn't so it it really exposes no
fight see that I like this dented and
it's a bodysuit that I'm wearing this
black things a bodysuit so here it shows
the line of my but you know what lines
showing for you guys that don't know
what a bodysuit is this is a bodysuit so
it prevents it from getting untucked
look it's kind of like a bikini it's one
piece see so not really filling the
pants so the band's got a little baby
okay number two kept the body suits
you're on but I'm sure I'm wearing this
wrong take a wrap but I'm sure it's not
will be so much look at that the heck
what the I don't understand this skirt
it's like a rap god damn it
outfit number to not fill in it and to
hippie you have big hips sisters looks
weird on me nope
Naoko this is weird thumbs down his
dress supers
the scoops are so low for him it's like
I can't wear a bra or something and
shows all your perfection so there's
like a pooch you can see like my hips
again the scoop too much side boob for
me hmm not filling it girl problems bro
so I tried everything on only keeping a
couple of things I'll show you when I
get home I felt really embarrassed about
the socks
so I took them I took them because I
look so classless you guys want to see
what hit it so stupid I'll show you to
through tuck them this way because they
go up this high makeup although it's
many and I felt really embarrassed so
I'm tucking them like this so get out
dude
you know and now they've disappeared and
then I just put that on my shoe like a
beast one get in there I don't like tie
my shoes if you can tell look I just
created on it and it stays that way
tuck it it's gone success Venus Venus
thought gonna pay now just leaving Urban
Outfitters can't wait to show you guys
everything I got nothing really crazy um
but it's sprinkling right now
no probably water droplets so I'm gonna
go home this is really beautiful for me
I live in LA so unfortunately I don't
get to see trees and Pasadena is one of
my favorite cities because of trees I
swear I'm like the biggest lover of
trees and this is like seriously no
vegetation for people in other parts of
the US or in the world even you guys are
probably laughing at me but trust me
like living in the city it's like a
frickin concrete jungle there's
seriously no frickin greenery at all and
if it is it's artificial or it just
doesn't make sense like this like these
right here actually don't even make
sense there's palm trees and then other
species of trees together but I don't
care
I'm desperate I'll take whatever I can
I'm just like so deprived of anything
nature I really am I'm a poor baby
you see and we're catching a sunset
right now we're actually going home
look at all this crap there's a bunch of
traffic everywhere but I had to share
this moment with y'all
it's sprinkling a little bit which is
also rare in LA but it's much needed
because we are in a drought so I'm not
mad at that
and this is like chill rain it's not
even rain these are this is sprinkles
these are cute sprinkles all right so I
bought this today at Urban Outfitters
and I was already playing with it and it
feels amazing
Popat can I do it to you yeah
nothing it's this gun check out what
happens ah cool nah-ah
does know it does it let me see the
front part out the back play fine oh
yeah husband I feel you won't pay their
mercy ah really thank you a good spot it
did to me but I did to myself look this
was amazing
yeah now you leave your freaking
scratcher no I've always wanted one of
these oh my god you thought with the
batteries if I raise two there's one
that vibrates yeah there's one that has
like it you just put it on it look oh my
god I bet your mom bought all that shit
no how do you know about it did you suck
whoa hey fuck with me fuck was he on
Madhu's let's look it up fine so get up
you little bitch
a little bitch good it feels like what
it feels like when someone scratches the
chalkboard really that's what it feels
like
oh is it tickle you Oh does this tickle
you okay I'll do it
ready I'll start in the front okay my
friends good the back oh no nothing no
just for some okay fell this guy I mean
Phil look at this guy
no I know my whole life I didn't even
know this about you baby anyway Julian
stop not even the dogs move around this
much you little weenie yeah they like it
uh-huh
look at bricky yeah she's not she's not
crying thank you
oh my god rikiya the best look at her
you see her look she loves it oh my baby
hey cutie i funny your turn hold on hold
on sit sit bro can you good girl
there you go Oh does that feel good does
that look good oh yeah good girl good
girl oh shit that in your eyes
do you like that
what the hell you're weird we do it
again yeah breeki dude she was
definitely a little princess in her past
life this guy you like this you like it
oh yeah oh yeah you see why the title is
a slaw let me see I'm a demon Lily slop
huh there is no difference doesn't that
look exactly like me we look like we
just took a photo it looks exactly like
so who's who
this isn't a diamond this is Lou yeah
the one the funds nadim that's hilarious
you knocked out and the pups keep
scratching they want to come back inside
oh you see maybe do all the work today
fine
