hi everybody yeah everybody hey guys so
it's midday already for me I actually
had to shoot a last minute JK party
video or a couple of them today um
because we were supposed to be on
vacation already to wrap up 2017 but one
last minute shoot came up so we did that
this morning but now I'm back home with
my baby Pekka monstah we got to change
his diaper and let me tell you this
diaper is soaked with the pee pees huh
this boy pees like a champion like he
pees hardcore he is following this
camera like what is this Viking afraid
of my mom alright well keep us both in
the frames and she's so curious as to
what his mama's doing
there we go yeah but I have to change
his diaper and let me tell you I thought
changing a diaper was there were just a
few steps that was I was missing and one
very very important step so first of all
for all the Mamas that haven't been a
mama in years
they're always amazed when I tell them
this and I understand why and for those
of you guys that are just curious um and
for those of you that that are not
curious then I would probably fast
forward the next like five minutes but
so here we go these are the diapers that
I use because you guys I have been
getting your DMS what diapers Tyco uses
and he uses Pampers Swaddlers and the
reason why I'd like Swaddlers versus all
the other ones they fit his body the
best so make sure you found what fits
your baby the best and most of these
come with it now but I love that it
comes with a line here when they pee it
turns blue or when they poop - it's on
the back but when they're clean these
cute little toes it stays yellow which
is really really cool um I also put an
ointment on the diaper to prevent any
sort of rushing and I'll walk over there
and I'll show that to you um in a bit
but yeah I put that moment on the diaper
first
um you know I I wipe him down I make
sure he's clean even if he pees like I
still have to wipe all that down because
I was just dirty I wipe him down I you
think the mama you good boy
he's just relaxed like all these noises
mom's making uh I put the women on the
diaper and then I first need to put the
diaper on him but the thing that I
discovered that most people all right
that I already have a baby are always
like pull this screwed out and I don't
even know what that meant until I had a
son or a baby but this is a skirt part
here there's like two layers you see
that layer here and then there's this
part sometimes when you put it on it
gets stuck in there and that's the
reason why um babies diapers will leak I
mean there's no they're gonna leak
regardless and by leak I mean shit like
poop like poop will rise from the
diapers up their back and it's not
because you did anything wrong it's just
they poop that much or they just so
happens to be sitting in that perfect
position where it like once they shoot
it out it just when it goes up their
back and it merely has to do with at
least for the newborn it has to do it
give you for watching it mainly has to
do with the fact that they're not eating
solids yet they're just eating liquids
so they don't have solid poop so it's
kind of like watery diarrhea so when
they shoot it out if the diapers die
tight and depending again on how they're
sitting it'll tend to shoot up and if
they're laying down it's just coming out
their back but that's a whole nother
thing but to prevent it from coming out
of these sides you pull out the skirt
part right here see like there it's
getting caught up but yeah you helped
people today thank God
so yes pull the freaking skirt out of
the diaper trust me it'll save so much
headache and yucky smells and dirty
clothes
but speaking of duda I got to change the
studded diaper you ready to rock'n'roll
so you could feel extra comfortable and
probably taken up cuz I'm ready to
welcome bro and I'm ready for you to
take a nap
you ain't even thinkin it he big stud
okay can I change this back for now all
right guys this is the diaper
but I was telling you about and then
that was the yellow line yeah I'm sowwy
and this is that yellow line that
changes to blue when he is dirty which
is an awesome invention and then this is
the ointment that I put on the diaper so
that it prevents any sort of rashes he's
three months now and I've yet to see a
rash on him yet so it's working who
knows but yeah sometimes I'll apply it
to his little bum bum but for the most
part I put it on the cipher and you are
so chill just listening to Mama explain
the craziness that it is diapers oh and
also if you have a little boy you always
want to protect yourself by hiding his
little bird once you take off that
diaper cuz he'll get cold and then once
you take it off it's like it just pissed
just shoots right at your face like I
can't tell you how many times he's wet
this wall because we take it off and
then he'll turn and it goes Wham
so that walls been peed on a few times
but luckily I he hasn't peed on me yet
and I said yeah because I know it's
gonna happen like I'm just waiting for
it are you waiting to pee on me because
I know you're gonna do it
and you're probably gonna think it's the
coolest thing ever you're getting so
long now he like almost doesn't fit on
his changing table and he's only three
months so he probably has like a good
like eight inches you read the welcome
whoa okay let's change it for real this
time for real we're gonna change it this
time okay so diaper change and throws
his outfit and somehow TECA just turned
into a CUNY Fox boy did it day today
today today
dang it a day that is gonna get my tail
on your butt did you know you how to
tell on your market fine
I like your tail all right here's
another scary part and something I've
learned after being a mama you've let
the dogs go down the stairs first go
fine go go
there's because what they tend to do as
they're going on stairs they want to
rush on we're gonna vlog in go
downstairs that's all dangerous so yeah
I look at every single step to have this
little precious Fox on me so I let the
dogs go down first and then I go so
there's no dogs behind me they're all
downstairs so now I can go I'm at
Southwold your first usually train
Monday Wednesday Fridays but today my
mom had to run a couple errands um she
couldn't do over the weekend or she
can't do over the weekend she had
something else planned that she
requested to leave here earlier which
means have to stay here which also means
I haven't had a chest
AHA train yes because we had to shoot
check your party but we always got to
make time and I always gotta make time
and there's so many excuses I could be
like wow I'm feeling like I got to do
work whatever but no I have to train I'm
trying to get back to you know the whole
fit with geophone I'm talking about go
it's a hashtag that we GM and basically
the program that I'm doing to transform
my body to just a better me it's
available for you guys online so anyway
that's a whole nother thing but I put
the boy down he's sleeping he's on the
monitor he's upstairs I have white noise
maker for him because the dogs and stuff
they do they just go nuts so now that
means I get to look at my programmers
and I'm gonna train in the garage
cuz we have our our gym here so help us
CUNY he named my program see if you
could see it oh man I wanna show me but
he basically named it mama biz bikini
bikini
mambas bikini program it's right there
mom be a bikini program so I'm gonna
take advantage of the time that he's
knocked out hopefully I can finish my
workout before he wakes up so I'm gonna
try smash it as quickly
it's possible so let's go so I only got
to train for 30 minutes but luckily
Papua came back and now Papa's got him
ready what were you saying he what oh my
God he's so big he was in here
his head was right down here yeah he's
so big now and this is for newborns so I
don't even know to be here well I mean
he's a newborn but he has it's either
side he's does size his arms six month
old so he's the size of a six month old
what's the pound limit here just be
careful with his head yeah I feel like
he should probably the other way around
do you want to look at me or do you want
to watch his head okay
he's so fucking big for for that that
makes me very happy so I only got to get
like two different exercises in I had to
monitor post it up there and then I had
these headphones on and I think you were
texting me or some things but this is
what my setup look like I'm gonna show
y'all I must show you what I had it on
here
i'ma show y'all your spot right just got
jack'd I hope you know hey this is my
story look oh look that's how I had the
monitor wit Times log n I am vlog C take
a sleeping Sam swap yep that was it get
it
all right I want to finish training
before we got to pick up your mom from
the airport
his mom's flying back in from Taiwan
today she hasn't seen him and like what
three months yeah she's in a trip so did
you see the little tail yeah oh shit
we're putting him in my baby's losing
his baby hair and I didn't know that
babies lose their baby here you know how
he was born with the shits in her hair
no no no he's shedding the first layer
of his baby here and then what's growing
now underneath that baby hair is his
actual Pullman in hair so he could have
curly all he's supposed to spit up that
milk help me get through all right where
is it oh you got to pick him up a little
bit
oh shit he's spitting up like crazy oh
my god I can't see this side it's
perfectly fine I'm dizzy no no no it's
really bad uh-uh hold on no it's pretty
bad it's pretty bad it's pretty bad oh
it's all over his big oh shit
it was hold his head it was pretty bad
hey bullshit I don't know if he's yeah I
don't think he can do it this way yet no
oh fuck man he's not comfortable
Joey dude he's not making noise that's
it
as is yep baby try to be too fancy
you are in trouble okay baby I'm shall
we all right let's guide that little
tail hold on hold on don't let him fall
in yet
let's get your foot on D shy okay you
get this one okay you're ready to rock
and roll whether the walking whoa baby
kick you that in the balls for me okay
for all the times oh wait don't kick him
in the balls it because I want a baby
brother or sister
damn be so big okay I really got the
chain on I really gotta change
everything gotta change my father's good
support I was able to finish my workout
yay not sterile go pick up grandma from
the airport yay let's go boom I saw
something I assume here to see grandma
and she left all of her luggage look at
her
Oh
welcome back all right well that was a
really short confounder with this mama
just because it's really late now
spike the sweeping we just got home and
I believe I was missed because spike had
decided to take it upon himself I go
what the fuck meatloaf I'm gonna be
tired this side of the taken upon
himself to smell my shoes missus thing
where he gets shoes hey stop messing up
the tree you're talking where he gets
the shoes of the people that he misses
and he smells it look okay so I'm gonna
cut this shirt real quick just because I
got to put this boy to bed and then I
still got to eat dinner so I'm gonna do
that take care of my my baby boo and
then I'll be with you guys it has
something my sorry about that
like this my name is 15 which means that
I could finally cut his nails because
when he's awake he's doing this thing
I'm just always good to cut him like
only cut his nails when he's sleeping
but I don't really touch him sleeping
very often as soon as it dawns on me
that I need to cut his nails he's
already just gone so I'm like okay cut
it in it like you keep forgetting
together he scratches he's like a little
cat it fucking hurt you know like kid
nails they're really short just a small
team like little kitten
so nerve-racking I hate it
so keep tup this being a look tiny
compare yours
yard sticks sleeping too
