father yeah are we doing today today I'm
getting the YAG procedure from eyeballs
and it's a precursory procedure and what
they're gonna do is they're gonna get a
little needle and poke it in my iris and
that's where my where the beautiful my
hazel eyes are and then they're gonna
you have hazel eyes or coffee bean eyes
as they like to call it and then that's
when it's going to drain the fluid out
just test to see if my eyes can handle
the ILC procedure which is they slice it
and they put new lenses in and I can see
it oh well hopefully whoa this is so
hard for me I'm such a squirmy fucking
baby every time he talks about what
they're gonna do on his eyes I'm just
like huh ah like I feel it all right
let's go
Wow I'm so excited and nervous for bar
because he's super blind and he needs
this but I'm just so nervous cuz it's
your eyes like I have like negative one
he's negative ten but I can't imagine
doing that I'm such a fucking pussy I
swear here's the man of the hour right
now I'll be pretty excited mm-hmm a
little bit excited boss a little bit
nervous like 50 50 yeah because it's
exciting because I've had bad eyesight
my whole life and it'd be awesome to not
have to wake up in the morning look for
my glasses or like when the burglars
come in the middle of the night would be
awesome right you just get up and grab
my gun it just is just awful just start
freaking engaging so that's the exciting
part but the scary part is I've heard
that some people after the yeah
procedure they get like a headache they
get like this tension headache and I
hate headaches
wait so that's the only thing the only
side effect and it's for one day or is
it for like ever
what day or two oh my goodness teacher
that's what you're nervous about yeah I
don't like headaches but I'm also very
immune to a lot of shit so a lot of the
stuff that a lot of doctors always tell
people oh you do this you might feel
this and a lot of people feel side
effects as you don't feel shit so I'm
pretty lucky with that so I'm hoping
this is also one of those things good
luck today but what I really like about
dr. easy has a million certifications
from a million different places so as
you can see there's a lot of
certificates and he's also want to be
top-rated I think he's D top-rated ILC
surgeon on the west coast and then in
that he's were on the top of the nation
so this is his specific like specialty
procedure that's beautiful
so that makes me feel really good yeah
whenever I get anything done that's
gonna be like for my body even if it's a
tattoo I always make sure that that's
what they specialize in and I really
feel like this place cares because I
only came here
ever since the first time I came here
the first time everyone knew my name my
first name but on the boom bayonets
customer service because I go to a lot
of places and you go there and you leave
and then you come back to generally oh
uh speaker sir but not here
I don't even commit I don't even pay it
and they just they just take every
patient and then everyone's like oh
that's freaking Big Daddy bar then yeah
I like a Barda Barkin I'll be daddy boy
don't interesting so what is this
machine this is an auto refractometers
machine is basically like checks the
prescription of a patient
um Wednesday normally we have to go
inside your room to do refraction so we
have to modify that prescription that
was given by this machine Allah Allah
oh that's great which I really like
about this place we keep on your mobile
checking oh that says I that is awesome
oh boy so just like that I get inside
Bart and okay boy your eyeball looks
crazy so you see the prescription
actually
of your here oh wow he's blind
sometimes Amanda left but we will have
to modify it inside I see this is great
you have cool eyes perfect now we can
keep that and then we have to go okay
have a seat
after you stop it already okay here yes
you can sit come oh thank you
this is the only doctor's office I was
never scared of I don't yeah
really you didn't like the dentist no
way I love went against dentists always
found cavities in my mouth there what
they fixed it but I had like every
single time like I 90% of the times I
would see my dentist
there was no he's a cavity you know what
that means that my teeth are weak no
he's got a person that no I would I just
have really soft enamel you brush your
teeth three times a day
yes four times a day no see I don't know
anyone that brushes four times it would
be half a canal have you gotta do more I
know I was a kid okay so you're ready
yeah they go bearded ask nice to see
kids bring tooth brushes to recess the
one that really like to be almost kids
are also based this is for upper head -
all the lenses that I
in the auto refractometer so from here
then we can check what's the
prescription of the patient mmm am I
supposed to smash my face against it or
there's a little bit of space uh vegan
with a bit of space if you're not really
comfortable that's comfortable I'm not
to do anything
yeah that's okay so I'm starting off
with your right eye okay like this is
this good yeah this is a TDP peasy okay
so this is good right not like this way
or like this Oh comfortable like this
way yes good okay so let me call me deaf
iris okay ready
mm-hm so right I can you read the nether
space EAD Hg okay good next night as
deep and L oh oh D and fve here or you
do all the time
sure one or two don't I'm number one
clear or dance number two
- sniffing barley though okay
I'm kinda fishing you're here but can
you read your nitrogen push him it's
okay ah barely but I'm thinking it's
like and CBF something is this clearer
than somber one or then number two can
you see the difference
uh yeah but still can't really see it
but I think it's ndy something okay
let's go back to this one so this is
number one here or this number two
you're over time sure one or two uh
Kelly's home difference okay
clear or commuter say conspiracy this
one's dead yeah you see those guys yeah
that's so easy that this as Bart if you
could read these big letters I don't
even really like guys that I can see
there's three black things but that's it
on that one you can't tell what I think
it's uh oh hey uh if I square a dancer s
okay what fun is that eight hundred but
the size yeah
oh my goodness that's hilarious
your left the right rights clear okay
okay yeah they're gonna do the other one
like a little cane or something because
I found other drops from the first
person yeah yeah yeah right I think I
got other jerk reactions right so need
to get smaller so so they could open up
there ah okay easier for him to do it
I see
have fun in a couple more minutes I will
give you some was okay except earn a
little bit tingly Oh know what it's
gonna do to your eye are you people that
makes my eyes tear up though you feel
like you're allergic to this one no
there's nothing that I'm allergic to all
sort of like numbing drops though okay
so she says there's no nothing happening
today uh there might be dummy later I
think oh you know I don't know oh baby
your video point what do you feel
nothing
oh they're turning red I'm just staring
at your pupils there's the other jobs
dilated no these other tossing in class
and her crazy a major pupils dilate yeah
and so your world looks way different
look super bright yeah it was crazy I
was looking at the computer screen and
was just glowing I had to wear
sunglasses in order to be on yeah I
think that's gonna give you the grandma
looks yeah Mac they want you look cool
everyone's so professional here I like
it
really yeah I'm really good look to
other places and they're very
professional too but these guys they
just had that extra care berlin's the
cute cute cool presentation cool okay so
this this thing will be is a blown-up
version of what's going in his eyeball
that's right yeah this is a busy and ICL
lens I touch it yeah go for it
um it's one of the most advanced inter
ocular lenses available this whole thing
is yeah yes
yeah so the biocompatible lens and this
is going to provide bharden HD quality
vision so nice congratulations
hmm do they do this but just smaller yes
it's going to be I actually have an
example but it's floating around
somewhere like the actual life yeah yeah
it's cool smaller than a contact lens or
maybe about the same and then that's
what it looks like yeah this is some so
the way that the ICL procedure is done
so Barden's been to one pre-op
appointment where we got the lens
measurement and all that and so now that
we have that what we need to make sure
of since we're in placing this into the
eye and I'll show you where we're
placing that we're going to actually be
placing it here into his eye oh so
that's where this lens is going to sit
behind are in front of his own natural
lens that's all in front of the natural
so what it's black right there mm-hmm
yeah so it's going to go in like right
about here oh cool so we've ensured that
there's enough spacing there for the
lens we got the proper size fitting lens
and so since we're inserting something
into the eye to make sure that the
pressure remains stable in the eye what
we're doing is today is we're making a
small little hole to small little holes
on the colored part of the eye and
that's to insure the pressure or the
fluid can circulate oh my goodness so
this is actually the weirdest part of
the whole ICL process and I I haven't
gone through but from people who've gone
through I see how that's they tell me
this is the weirdest part but if you
like weirdest isn't it feels a weird it
does worried yeah people can I described
as someone like kind of flicking on the
inside of the eye well so it's not
painful but it's just a different kind
of sensation oh so um we've constricted
your pupils um today just kind of take
you to you see that drop that we put in
your eyes since it's gonna cause the
pupils to constrict you might get like a
brow ache and you might feel a little
achy around the light on the eyes it
should be good by Monday see because I
shouldn't as soon as she put it in my
eyes I started tearing I don't know if I
cried it out or not oh it's fine it
or huh and we're going to check your
pupils actually probably look up towards
the light and I can see if your eyes are
yeah oh then they're not even moving
yeah they're getting smaller so you want
them to be pretty small let me put
another drop in there um so yeah that's
what we're going to be doing today and
then basically when you come in for ICL
on the day of the procedure we're going
to be dilating the people instead making
a small little incision about two
millimeters here on the side then the
device will implant the lens there oh
cool and I'll tuck in their Baha um or
the colored party is oh that's what the
flaps are for mm-hmm I thought I don't
know like drill um no and there's no
nails no holes here and they usually you
only buy stuff on my Kia through the
hole you put an element yeah right yep
these holes here in this is also to
ensure that the fluid I'm circulates
within the eyes too so this is a very
special lens that we have also like the
fluid can go in and out of it
yeah cool since we're putting something
in there yep and then on the day of ICL
once your pupils go back to normal size
which can take a day or two after the
procedure you're going to start seeing
really well remember in the beginning
though unlike any eye surgery you're
gonna have some swelling and some
inflammation behind that may cause
things to be a little hazy yeah but
you're gonna be seeing 20/20 if not
pretty close to that I'm so excited it's
what I made and he works out a lot so
this is gonna be great
yeah don't want to worry about contacts
anymore just wake up in the morning and
go yeah yep good mm-hmm
yeah so I just wanted to review that
with you just in case you had any
questions about the process nope um now
do me I don't think you took paint for
the men
oof moments before they put the holes in
your eyeballs doc you're gonna lay oh my
goodness is it a laser Oh
do but I laid there last time and you
have to look in the eyes through those
lenses it's a big microscope so not too
sure
crazy okay clothes dryer
look up again look up Milt here forehead
okay close your eye
this'll work
Wow this lighting makes you look so
dramatic come on a soap opera yeah you
want PETA for you to wear out walk when
he comes in for ages oh yeah yeah I
think you couldn't take away a sensation
yeah just a quick little italic or salon
you yeah some like whoa much more when
you're LASIK and something that we can
feel like a meadow
oh my poor you hold out of it good
people I just feel like something
touching okay you wanna you want to try
out something I could give me oh my god
no no no no no no no no no no no I'm not
fascinating I am fascinated I'm just aa
very scared let me go to the dentist
I hate the dentist on it yeah and you
feel the pressure at all like it doesn't
hurt me yeah y'all it might be a cure
all right yeah yeah yeah I'm not about
that
you guys are very brave oh you see it
coming at you right fine not really
oh come oh no oh no eh just put like the
I Clemson or something yeah yeah you
only see anything actually it really I
mean once the boys make a flop things
become blurry and Oh murder anyways
after processor every destroyer I know
there's part about the whole I sell
procedures from less community doesn't
which is the laser complication okay
these handlebars
yeah so when I use a laser yeah we're
going to feel a little icky sensation
sorry I'll write programming the first
the first application in my surprise you
okay
chin down
then boat arrives and it's real life
right here
I'm going
very fun
a fillet then yeah
sorry my I of them
corrected
- enough
yeah
okay
they're all of this I can't nobody
just a little
yeah who would like I like blue eyes
behind I got their irises thin yeah pop
really just did the egg what are you
feeling Oh spelling my eyeballs got
raped like how like uh like there's a
bunch of like rubber bands Fatima oh my
goodness and I think he is holding like
this thing that he's my eye open or
something yeah
and that in kind of hurt I even athlete
hurt more than the laser because it
would be like it doesn't really hurt
though there's just more irritation so
it's just like the constant pressure
around no ball so fun I was really
sucked out oh no really not summarize I
have I can't open the window okay just
rest okay okay I'm not gonna bother you
anymore
yeah probably just focus on feeling
better okay I love you what did you do a
good job thank you
my poor baby you're gonna be able to see
sun sparc I know didn't have a good
reaction to the egg was I think tearing
up he can't open his eyes but they give
him some glasses
kicked him the lights in here see out
there there's light but in here there's
nothing and to prevent Bart from
constantly wiping his eyes he's doing
the tissue Robocop right now or tissue
Terminator do you feel pain it's not
really pain it's like I just feel a lot
irritation but I got pepper spray oh
you're the eyeballs okay so it's not
really like it hurts that is just a lot
of irritation
oh okay take it easy
feel like you're my eyeball got
sunburned
oh my goodness Jimin ask them to put
more now there's nothing different
goodness no
cuny toes so back at home now Bart took
a nap and is resting and he just woke up
and his eyes are bother again Papa what
what's going on come here
you're Ray Charles you want either super
sensitive to light and I was sleeping
but the whole time I either just crying
put my whole pillow is wet damn what do
you feel right now oh my balls just feel
like like someone got toothpaste and
rubbed it in my eyes oh and actually the
camera is doing a really good job of
making it brighter than what it is but
let me just mess with the settings you
guys you could see what it really looks
like in here this is true to what it
looks like
that's how dim everything is actually
that's the truth
and Bart has to wear glasses as a TV oh
and he's lowering the contrast did you
lower it already yeah but he still has
to watch his pop fight good
he's good let me fix the settings back
well Fon he's been a really good girl
and she's been staying next to Papa
taking care of him
did you know that well fine he's been
next to you the whole time cuz she could
feel that
Papa's off a little bit was she she's
where in front of you staring at you why
is he leaving she's right on the floor
right there what's on me I did sit
here's the cutie pie
and she's just staring at you you're
you're important right now
thank you funny fun so we are just gonna
order in and have some dinner in the
dark I've in turn on the candle too cuz
uh I don't know the air feels stale it's
really dark I feel like I'm getting sick
I feel like Popeye are sick too
I don't know I'm just trying to bring
some sort of relaxing aroma into this
house I don't know it just feels vibe
feels so weird for me right now
I think cuz I know people that are sick
that's it I guess you don't feel also
that that's me saying that you're sick
what's going on I can't see those two
darks after use a flashlight to look at
the remote control we want you to take
off your glasses because then the TV
will be too bad for my eyes but yes I'm
gonna order some food right now Casey
one more time what did you say what did
you say who's that little cute cuteness
right there this is Dickies little pit
thought through and I'm babysitting for
the night
critically shorter from - well
technically is my nephew - yeah but um
but yeah but the other night the me and
tip for reading an article and the
article is saying and they did they
conducted a research I don't know over
how many years but they concluded that
the owner father is the ugly the child
will huh and so younger fathers tend to
make more pretty babies versus the older
phones and I don't know where they cut
off in terms of the ages but that's just
something I read oh my god differ or
we were like look we're thinking about
it I was like dude that's why Chinese
people are so ugly she's trying to
always have like kaki pana fathers are
usually just really old they know that
their mid-30s so like for me you know
and that's like that's why Hispanics are
so pretty because they're all young cuz
they don't believe in condoms
yeah but should that also mean within
the same family the oldest right that's
what I'm thinking exactly
theoretically yes and the younger they
get the more busted they are yeah would
you say my sister is really pretty well
considering her prime no I don't they
she was attracted to me see don't you
tell him about your older sister yeah he
looks sleepy already like he's about to
go down he's got the red eyes your
sister the older pictures look like you
and your mom there and she was hustling
some sort of function she was cute I
thought she was beautiful
yeah and then you know McDonald's and
everything else in ha ha but she look I
saw you show me an older picture of her
she was very you and your mom like in
between you and your mom that's your
sister that's cute yeah yeah so you're
saying I'm the hotter one - Lituya
kidding so cool a dip want we could take
we we can have old old baby what do you
think Joe's ugly his dad has how the old
Oh him him and his brother like 10 12
years apart yeah that's me and my sister
Oh actually I think Joe is actually
better-looking than her dead his
brother's wedding
yeah younger brother those older brother
Oh sighs anything Regine his brother has
all about that's kind of homeless a
little bit I've never seen him he's
before the cute kids ever seen in my
life he is super cute I've learned
pistol uh today that's cute that's cute
I know cuz you said you don't the pistol
I do I'm like what oh he's in me fluent
in Spanish about a couple
guitar Dada what is it oh hey Hayden
ain't it what is this you said guess I
saw honey shower there's too many
strangers here so queso fundido gasps s
Oh SSO aware to who get a agree to who
get a I readin I will quit they Wow
kiss asshole yes oh my god I know I know
you belong in a frickin movie or
magazine or something
oh why didn't ya
okay no going back to this okay it's
night time everyone has gone home and
pop there still doesn't feel very good
cuz of his eyes he says it feels like
ron jeremy fucked his eye sockets that's
what he says it feels like and I think
him um you finally went to bed let's
check up on it my painting fell down oh
we
I'll bury you alive
pop-pop are you dead
hmm you alive you fell asleep I thought
you were here Squatch walk back or
something I was and then you knocked out
and the pups keep scratching they want
to come back inside
oh you see maybe do all the work fine to
put this bitches back inside before we
go to bed we make sure that they stay
outside come on in
wowsers Ricky I know it's raining
outside Ricky come on come on Ricky and
then they come in and then everyone's
ready to go to bed
they don't even say thank you rude ass
bitches and then we have these light
blocking here we go these light blocking
curtains so we can sleep in ultimate the
blackness and we have them over there
too we want no light coming in here so
thanks so much hope you guys have a
beautiful day or a beautiful night or a
beautiful afternoon but until tomorrow
ruined Joe was a fucking moron
and he worked so hard to win back that
200 bucks in two hours and he lost it
all in one second that we have ready to
it was memories the crazy thing about
the homie bleed is that he's really
chill all day but then once we get to
the tables
