I'm in the Tacoma right now this is
listening to some Mariah Carey and yes I
came into temptation I got a coffee
shame on me but I guess I have a good
excuse which is I need my brain power to
be at its 100% in order for me to
function for the next seven hours
because I have a lot of creative
meetings so you can't just skate and
just go through the motions with the
creative meeting you gotta continuously
add you know through the brainstorming
process I can't just be the challenge so
I don't want to let my teammates down
which is why but I know it's an excuse
I'll try to make up to sleep tomorrow
and I'm driving the Tacoma right now and
I actually been loving this truck more
and more so before after I bought it I
was kind of experiencing a little bit of
buyer's remorse and it was just because
I have a lot of big friends that visit
from outer country like Mark Bell Matt
Vincent silent mike all my buddies
because of powerlifting a lot of more
over 200 pounds and this truck it just
gets packed easily
I think this truck is perfect for
someone that's like five eight 170 if
you're a past five eight and if you're
over 200 pounds then it can get cramped
if you have a full load I'm five nine to
twenty right now and the width wise I
feel like it's just perfect although if
there's a lot more space with wise it
feel more comfortable like my Tahoe and
you can see that there's barely any
clearance between my hair and the
ceiling so I'm just like perfect and so
because of that because I was running
out of space I'm like man did I buy the
wrong truck cuz I could barely bring my
friends around and I had a little bit of
buyer's remorse and also like just with
the way things are kind of like with
Hollywood and online you kind of have to
keep up with the Joneses you know like
if you guys notice now a lot of Fitness
personalities online with on YouTube or
Instagram that are flaunting cars
Ferraris Lambos Maseratis beamers and
stuff and what does nice cars have to do
with fitness you know
but they're flying and it's it's not
just like hey one picture here I bought
this car I really like it it's almost
once a week or every three pictures
you'll see them flexing next to their
nice car and it might look stupid to
some people but there's actually
marketing genius behind it and the
marketing genius is what they're trying
to market isn't just fitness but they're
trying to market a lifestyle hey if you
get buff like me not only are you gonna
look good like me but you could also get
nice cars or you're gonna uplift your
lifestyle like me which to a far degree
is kind of truthful cuz one thing I know
about fitness for me is after I was able
to obtain discipline in my training and
I was able to lock that down I was able
to now transcend that skillset into
other aspects of my life so now I treat
studying like it's training you know I
don't miss out on studying and then
later on I treat my work like training
we're like I know I need my rest in
order to work well and a lot of the
skills that you develop from training
whether it's power lifting or physique
or any type of fitness endeavor it does
transcend but it is still kind of
far-fetched
where are your opposing next to a Lambo
and you're flexing with a protein shake
in your hand and it doesn't really make
sense but that is the industry that's
the reality of it you can't escape that
and because of that when one fitness guy
wants to compete with another Fitness
guy you have a bunch of Fitness guys
flaunting their stuff and for me I like
stuff I like nice stuff just because
it's nice so yeah I have a Porsche but
it's not in every single video it's not
in every single Instagram post I just
post the Porsche whenever I Drive it or
it's extra clean and I want to share
with you guys but a lot of the Fitness
personalities or entrepreneurial
personalities they like to flaunt their
stuff and because of that I'm human too
and I get influenced on like oh man
should I have gotten a nicer truck
should I've gotten a raptor or the f-150
platinum series but those are also
things about how my radar and I can
afford all those but the reason why I
went with the takoma is
it was hard for me to justify it cuz I'm
gonna be driving myself like right now
I'm by myself majority of the time you
know and that's the purpose of the
Tacoma I wanted a nice little personal
work truck that if I need to I can carry
my friends but more importantly I wanted
to take my dogs out and once we get the
new JK office I could take my dogs there
every single week so it's kind of like a
little family camping outdoorsy truck
and that was to go for the Tacoma but
because of all the Hollywood and like
you know all the pressures that are
still existent it made me have buyer's
remorse I'm like man maybe I should
trade in my Tacoma for a nicer truck so
like I don't feel like I'm slacking off
but with me driving the Tacoma for more
I'm starting to fall in love with it
more where there's a lot of charm to it
and a lot of times it doesn't mean the
more money you spend the better of the
product you get like Tacoma as they last
forever and now I'm going back to my old
mindset I'm like you know what i'ma get
little parts here and there I'm gonna
fix it up make it a little project car a
little off-road Overland type vehicle
then I'm gonna go camping with my
friends and it has more like this charm
and heartwarming feel to it so I'm glad
that I was able to get re connected with
the Tacoma
but that's not to say that I won't get a
raptor this Raptor it is hands-down my
dream truck like that's what I've been
wanting ever since it came out like the
first model so if I have the means for
it why not get my dream truck you know
but as of now I'm really enjoying the
Tacoma and I have a great time and I
feel like I have a nice little bond with
this guy and I can't wait to show you
guys this stuff that I'm gonna do to it
none of it's gonna be too crazy because
I had crazy left to trust before I get
to look on my IG I had a silver Tacoma I
left is 635 it started I think was
and then I realized when it's too high
the tires are too big and the motor
can't handle it
you actually lose a lot of off-road
capability and then I had a Tahoe before
the Durango and had 35 inches on there
and I'd Bilstein shocks and I lifted
about three or four inches so what this
guy I think I'm only gonna go for a mild
like two to three inch lifts I just want
to get some 33 inch tires most
importantly I just want to have a nice
on-road ride but with off-road
capability go camping and stuff and
that's about it so I'm really enjoying
this guy and once it gets the office I'm
enjoy that coffee baby I gotta pick up
my phone it's blowing up I'm almost
there it's one o'clock and I gotta be at
I mean it's 12:55 I got the office at
1:00 and by the time I'm here at this
light right here I'm only two minutes
away
good morning y'all I'm so freaking tired
by the way I just came back in the gym
and a shower and the reason why I'm so
tired is because last night there was
math thunder and then there was hail and
it was the weather was creating all
kinds of noise and fun as you guys known
for the big scaredy-cat so she started
scratching on the door like crazy and me
and joy holy shit was torn out that you
need to take a dump
is there an intruder I what's going on
like what's up with all this commotion
coming from the living room on our dorm
we opened the door we opened the window
like we usually do and if you sit back
you go to diarrhea they'll just jump out
the window and do their business and
this is part of like 3 or 4 a.m. in the
morning or exhausted it was dark and the
open the window 5s alongside she chokes
on the bed and then I hear the Thunder
oh she's scared so how far is
on the bed because I think that's what
she feels the safest and break the
addiction was really that scared but she
jumped on the bed too and she's trying
to pull a fast one to pretend like she's
scared
so she's asleep with Gio so they end up
sleeping on the bed for like a good
three hours and Brigid was just barely I
could tell from her eyes actually the
sketch was just look at that fun I can't
really gonna do this time I'm gonna do
it too but five she would keep getting
up jumping off the bed took me back on
every time there was thunder so she was
really really scared and then I finally
they settled down and by the time we
were able to sleep I think it was like 7
a.m. or something and then I get our
hairspray hairspray all this then I use
a hairspray to hold it a little bit
longer some lasts all day I got meetings
all day long time so I got hella tired
my sleep was super interrupted and then
today nothing I realized the theme that
affects my workouts the most isn't even
a food or a carven up it's really sleep
like if I can get it good 8 to 10 hours
and sleep before me or perform about to
go had managed in my gym sessions are
usually good and I can do it on a empty
stomach or if I fasted all night but it
since I was so interrupted the whole
time we can tired and even right now I
shower it's usually wake me up a little
bit I'm still tired and I got about
seven hours at least with meetings and
work but I still got to do cuz I gotta
get to the office from 1 to 2 by my neck
he's been working on some skits for JK
so me and Joe have to prove though
and two two three jump on the phone with
Jessie with her manager and we'll talk
about all the future film the TV shows
are developing in the back there from
three to seven me and Casey and me on a
feature films progressing the story to
development and then I eat dinner from 7
to 8 and then 8 o'clock and be on a
hamster all the emails of the day so I
still got a long day ahead of me but how
are you the sauce that started a up and
I try not to be caffeine dependent and I
hate being dependent on a substance I
feel like such a crackhead and to me
it's like this there's no difference
between a crackhead or someone that
smokes which is someone that drinks some
smoke sweet if you have an addiction an
addiction and that is a psychological
crutch or a problem depending on how you
view it
and I don't like having any punches or
handicaps
I like being able to be like y'all I'm
part I'm by any substance and I can do
another fuck I want what I want to and I
gotta be addicted to shit but today
might be one of those days where I might
have to get some coffee and me if I want
to get work done the problem with that
is when you make an excuse for one thing
then they'd only make an excuse for
another thing increase and you get
addicted to some shit and I've been
addicted to coffee before - it was hard
to get off so I'll see I'll get to the
office my pool is being really nice it's
gonna give me some pokey for lunch and
I'll eat that hope I feel really
energized and we'll go from there
I'm pretty excited cuz we're about to go
on our first company trip of the year
and last year we went to Japan a few
months ago and I was really fun but um
because Japan was such a small place it
was hard for all of us to kick it
together so for this company trip we're
trying to get a place where we can all
hang out together and we're starting off
the gear with Vegas baby and this is one
of the roads were looking at this one's
called the sake suite or that at the
Nobu Hotel and Caesars and we're trying
to get like a big-ass place where
everybody could get together so well you
can see there's like a pool table
couches the
we just saw was a master bedroom and
then there's like a living room right
here so we're trying to have a good time
with the staff and here's like another
shot of the living room with the pool
table the other one were looking at was
a three-bedroom what does it call three
bedrooms something at the cosmo and this
one's pretty tight too
wait how do I get there oh is it this
one yeah oh so this is a price it'll be
expensive but it's for a company trip so
it's gonna be tight this so everyone
could have a good old time this one is
called the 3-bedroom West End penthouse
there's like a little bar living room a
little dining room kicking it areas a
little wet bar figure swing set with
dope views over there and office or
nobody trying to work bathrooms
bathrooms more bathrooms so this is
pretty cool these are the ones that
we're gonna be a deciding between trying
to figure out what we want and it's
really cool cuz one thing I really like
about Vegas it's a place where you can
go regardless of what your budget is
like back in the day when I was in
college I was broken it than a
motherfucker and we would cram like 15
people into one bedroom at one hotel and
we still had math fun like everyone was
sleeping on the floor sometimes you
don't even sleep we just gamble party go
back to the bedroom just take a shower
and go out again that's tight but now
that we're a little more successful with
our business I'm able to ball out a
little bit like you saw expensive that
room is but the cool thing is now we get
the ball out but then be able to bring
fun to the rest of our staff which is
the thing that I have the most joy
because it's like what's the fun of just
spending money on yourself you know it's
like yeah it's tight and you get to
enjoy it but when you get to drop a
little bit of cash and then everyone
gets the benefit like we get a dope-ass
room but everyone gets to kick it in
there and that little bit of cash gets
to benefit
all kinds of people that's where the fun
is so really excited I'm gonna go to
Vegas soon and I can't wait to show
y'all our hotel that we got cause it'd
be tight but now I got a uh start the
second meeting with Casey cuz we got a
meet on the feature films so I think
Casey's meeting with Byron and Jill
there meaning
hey case are you ready to meet on the
feature are you guys still meeting you
guys are stuck I can't even hear what
you're saying yeah yeah enough watchable
content that people want to watch it
yeah and both of them in one day yeah
trying to be able to fish it yeah is
anything worth watching for the most
part will take a lot more time than
unless we flex on our strengths which is
improv I think that's white just kidding
news and the you hanging with Jake is
ordering pretty good because being
ourselves is pretty good because what if
we just make them talk show hosts the
only problem is if like sometimes people
would bring on they're not that reliable
they might flake but for the most part I
think all of the higher-end people we
work with they all have yeah they're
more responsible if you guys are wrapped
up I'll be ready to meet you on the
future and stuff at the front okay
Michael how come you're not gonna go to
Vegas with us my family their family
yes my family my family their family yes
my family my uh my biological family
your buddy ranch family no I like bunny
ranch family this time but maybe next
time I'll hang with my bunny ranch
family and all the hookers there all
right
do I like gambling with your fun thank
you I know man we used to be like all
about poker what happened Michael what's
he get this poker table and then you
also play a lot okay cool I believe
we'll be playing one we're not so sleepy
all right that's fine the whole point in
the office you need a break Michael I
know having a meeting and then when I'm
playing poker losing money to each other
even we've been working hard we need a
break sometimes
Michael you work too hard
so Casey and Michael worked really hard
on the go-for-broke
look book and I just watched it the
Instagram clips at least the shortened
versions and Joel is about to watch
right now I can't show it to you yet
because we haven't launched yet but what
I can show you is Joel's
reactions and then you can hear the
music of the lookbooks you can get a
feel of what the hair to go on but you
have to wait until we launch to see it
but I think it turned out really good I
think I did a really good job thank you
it's me and Michael come on all right so
this is the 15 second cut and at the way
I divided up the clips or it's based on
the models so each clip is focused on
one model
whoa do they look like they're all like
real friends hanging out they don't look
like a bunch of strangers yeah cuz you
know how every time it blows you always
sound like this mismatched group of
fucking culturally diverse like newscast
and you're just like mother fucking you
know I ain't got together on a normal
but they all mix it looks like the all
chill oh my god dude fucking Bourbons
watch out this
oh my god yeah are you guys looking at
the guy with the Cheetos hair and
there's more girls right oh you're
waiting I have three more girls I need
to finish up on this is there a white
girl too
well she's just coming she's coming yeah
I haven't worked on this is that this
was not color corrected yet and it's not
done but it still looks diverse which I
like about it it's like Asians is
apparently there we're representing but
it's not like just Asian I feel like
I've got a good mix like we have more
than one black like guys believe in
another other black guy and then there's
a couple of white people and if there's
a big you it's like she kind of looks
latina you're not sure Hawaii
kind of brown yeah well like it yeah
what I like about it it's um
it feels urban without being ghetto
urban yeah
it's like this is yeah this is the name
yeah this is la this is the city and
this is the people that inhabit it but
it's not like oh it's bTW it's not
motherfuckers it's not it's not this
pretty much man back home I am tired
after all of those meetings but on me
and Casey we progressed the feature film
a little bit more so I'm really happy
about that and I'm really happy with the
direction that it's going
and we lock down the hotel we're gonna
get it's gonna be the sake room or
something like that at the Nobu hotel us
with Nobu hotel as part of Caesars
Palace but not really and it's like the
baller side of Caesars so we try to call
them and when you call Caesars they
actually transfer you over to Nobu cuz
they got their own customer service so
that's tight because you know baller
treatment is dope and it's nice to get
treated like royalty every once in a
while so I'm really happy about that but
now I'm tired and I started to answer a
few emails before I go to sleep now I'm
still hungry so I think I'm gonna order
some food online just so it could be
delivered so I'm tired I want to go out
and I think I'm in the mood for some
marble cube and there's a decent chain
out here called Lucille's
I think it's nationwide actually excuse
me
so I'm gonna order some Lucille's get
some barbecue eat answer some emails
call it a night look at that picture
I love Tyson he's always here watching
standing guard in front of our room and
just making sure all the bad guys stay
away I love coming home to a nicely made
bed it's just just so relaxing and you
could just you want to come home and in
like the beds like just messy you're
just like oh
this looks dirty but this is looks so
inviting is like oh you want me to get
on the bed so yeah she could see I'm
turning cuckoo did my fucking creative
brains have been scrambled
I'm order some food calling it a night
see you guys tomorrow
Joe was a fucking Polack and he worked
so hard to win back that 200 bucks in
two hours and he lost it on one second
the crazy thing about the homie bleed is
that he's really chill all day but then
once we get to the tables
