what's the beautiful people I'm missing
that what would you say anymore I have
been I've been saying what's up
beautiful people
we just finished working out here's a
paw bear and his workout gear Jack
orange shit oh my goodness
careful you're gonna rip another shirt
babe does self add I am dude you're
freaking muscles like your arm looks
huge compared it can you pull it my
sleeve
it's gonna be funny so this is my thanks
so this is look at this the size
comparison and I'm a big girl like I'm
not petite holy crap
and I have you chance too you're winded
no no no no no you're gonna fire you're
gonna fart whoa I'm a rabid dog cutie
pie you're wearing your favorite
Lululemon shorts and your favorite ball
Bob equation finally I'm gonna lose some
weight
when fit back into them oh you don't fit
in them right now no they're like
bursting at the seams all the time
damn this must be made out of amazing
material cuz you squad and you do a
whole bunch of shit that challenges the
the hem yeah well cuz I have a stretchy
Matilda inside see so I actually hopeful
it again see was it great yeah I'm just
not wearing anything kind of crazy I
always have to take off my shoes that's
what I trip out on do you take off your
shoes and the socks that you were just
training in nope oh I do my socks right
here oh that's better
I wish trip out when people wear the
actual shoes that they train in and they
wear them like for the rest of the day
or for like another hour when they're
not training cuz I guess for me my feet
sweat and I guess everyone's feet sweat
but yours like it's pretty minimal right
no my feet sweat oh please don't really
smell but I keep my socks on and I just
wear sandals like an athlete yeah yeah
this is
you know that athlete life for life yeah
just walking around Cibola socks and
sandals all day yeah that's what I do
too but I like wearing slip up I like
taking off my socks because
unfortunately unlined part I do have
stinky feet we're not not like gross
stinky feet is it gross stinky feet or
just like no well what is that bad you
mean like a little bed so there's like
batter it's like the fumes are coming
out through the mesh of the shoes and
then the whole airplane can smell and
you're like what though well it's not
that bad yeah yeah no no I can still
take off my feet I mean my fee is uh you
know I guess they'll take off my socks
and just be in my feet like in an
airplane without worrying that the whole
plane's gonna stink and and I also avoid
buying cheap shoes cuz that's gonna do
that for you too like when your feet
sweat mix with the cheap materials then
it's gonna smell like fucking Gouda
cheese when the kids let makes big sweat
yeah well anyway we picked up some lunch
around here getting the Polka folks
we've been loving the pokey books I
think we're both having Hawaii
withdrawals I think that's what's
happening right now would you say that
that's the same for you no oh shit no
for me I like simple food I just like a
protein and a car so especially like
during lunch time when I'm on the go I
don't really have time to relax I want
to keep the momentum of the date going
so usually I just try to find something
like hi I'm chicken or flame broil or
whopper grill just I got my plans DOMA
cams now I have another took a little 20
30 minute nap
blam and then a freakin skyrocketed to
the next couple of things
BAM oh that sounds pretty balanced yeah
and then I usually leave like the more
extravagant meals tonight I'm nice what
are we having for dinner tonight I don't
know it's been like tradition been
having Korean barbecue with the barbell
brigade FEM I like that I like that we
have a little tradition going on it is
pretty cool is it now that it forces us
but it just makes us um all have like a
common date in mind like okay we're all
going to hang out at this like this day
this time together so everyone sets a
time you know a block of time to give to
their health our self I am able to hang
out outside of work a little bit is
relaxed that's always awesome too
yeah I love those guys like I wish there
was a way and I guess it is kind of
happening now where we can mess JK with
barbell more but I think like this
office move is really going to do that
where everyone gets to kind of
intermingle like I love that I love that
these two companies maybe even three
because you have David that they're
going to start merging and like like all
these fucking cool people from different
parts of life are just going to be
combining forces like fucking Voltron
Voltron makes my notes on all right
heading home now
Wow why are you guys so happy what's
going on do I go outside fun what do a
good time do I got time oh my god whoa
you're so happy they love love love love
going on walks so I got to take them out
of work my cutie pie babies what do you
smell
okay
I want try to do this don't know how
well this is gonna work in all right we
have it for you guys those who over
again if you're purple chill out but
tell that bug
chill out good to that I know I don't
hope I know
oh you look so cute little heart hey
Pancho want okay you're ready to go
pretty you're ready oh wait wait
just cuz you rub your face on it doesn't
mean it's ready yeah hold on rich is the
Lord hold on there you go hold on
oh my god Ricky you have your the on
chill chill oh wait wait oh my god come
here fun
hold on no Papa hates
is so funny who can open the door open
the door go outside all right now we're
on a little walk with these guys I get
to use a little harnesses second time
they love it I love it
how do you like it how do you like it I
have to hold on to this portion so
there's two portions right there's a one
that goes around your wrist or whatever
you hold on with your hand but then if
you want to have more control of them I
stop and then I grab them from this part
it's a little bit closer and fawni has
one too so are you sorry am i cutting
your but no one's ever grabbed your butt
before tricky but you're so sensitive
when someone even grazes your butt so
then I grabbed them here the second
portion it makes it a lot easier to
control them this is always a test
there's another dollar
yeah and that guy's going crazy not mine
though they don't really care hey you
can't go here you have to stay on my
left side got to teach you how to walk
on a leash hey good girl yeah it's
supposed to rain today there's actually
a pretty beautiful day oh my god they're
freaking pulling the crap on him hey
stop bullying me and of course how to
bring my crappy slippers out here
oh my god okay how do you both hands
because I can holding down to the camera
they're pulling the crap out of me can
you do you can strum please stop
thank you
alright the homie Aaron errands all
about presentation yep that's how he
always has everything
so it's dark on purpose guys I know you
guys can't see anything but this is what
you're seeing is exactly what I'm saying
oh yes here's the reveal oh shit oh this
looks great your cities that don't work
out right they do different circuit
because you genocide the whole this
looks crazy
look at these I'm sorry wall what are
you thinking right now babe I think it
looks fucking sick so originally the
fucking interior designer fuck this shit
and then put all this dark ass brick all
over the place and then me and Joe came
in here like what the hell this is not
what we wanted but then the team daddy
player on geo and horse later Michael
came in and started putting in the
accents the lights the light stuff and
the band's repainted the ceiling white
and now it's looking a lot more pleasant
to the eyeballs
this kind of reminds me of the old
clothes train station look at the look
at the doors
I know it's light it's lighted Oh smooth
is smooth sunlight we're not losing
their home this is Michael's office
that's what
so you're telling me you didn't want me
to bring my flashlight there's not
enough balls in it but it turns on we've
got the stainless dude sitting yo walk
we got the stainless steel combines this
is going to be the corner is whether or
not it's what it tastes a little bit
like a newborn is just because it's like
there plainly you said it could be or it
is gonna be look at the bathroom oh well
I need more balls
let's see got really nice bathroom up a
hair damn dog the showers here her
damned walk the walk
back at it again with the little tiles
see ya fuckin like Oh
Oh Joe's office noise noise noise you
like mine oh fuck
that is brightest shit this looks great
in here
yeah but there's a way can we change all
that this is fucking crazy think it
alone
slightly warmer and the more actual
lantern so yeah what's that noise
oh yeah no it looks great good it does
there's no shadows in here nope looks
way down cameras perfect I have a camera
oh yeah we got the public area over her
oh this is pretty far
nice nice
you
in a
the only phone this one right now
barbell rookie yeah oh my god
this is perfect for setup dude this is
perfect this is perfect it looks great
on camera nobody follows this
motherfucker you see how to put a good
pulse extruding the actual things
dimension now pulls look at oh oh yeah
yeah there it is this is perfect for
them it looks great
let's okay oh yeah look at that
this is a freaking joke hey Ricky sounds
demented jeez
tired my money
dander cardio sucks my baby hi baby
labelled big babies misters huh arrested
help ask us or you lose it only come
what are you doing over here
oh yeah good good you're not Britney you
better
she kept biting her you show me we could
do that Papa go to bed and do it I don't
know Daniel
hahahaha you were dirty you're dirty
you're dirty I is so dirty
bad bad oh my God look at your gut oh my
god what was that
why'd the bed crack like that well you
didn't hear a crack oh you cracked oh my
god you broke our ikea bed bana
oh wait you just ran here to do this no
I did me I did one of I I did one of
your favorite things ever today what new
sheets baby
thank you mom fair the done easy a
shower already took what are you you
just had Korean barbecue I guess a shot
of course that may be thanked why did I
take a shower no I haven't even shown
off to the genifique instinct I've been
busy yeah I don't have that nasty oh
yeah I'm real nasty anyone might a
shower now all right you guys I'm going
to take a shower now thank you so much
for watching
what you watching our lives not a TV
show dude they watched our lives
you little hooker there you go yeah
that's how I like it spread him open
okay say good night Fani fine you're
trying to smell the band
it's not a toy say goodnight mama
okay goodnight
ruined Joe was a fucking moron
and he worked so hard to win back that
200 bucks
in two hours and he lost it on one
second don't worry true it was memories
the crazy thing about the homie bleed is
that he's really chill all day but then
once we get to the tables
