today is going to be another day of me
wearing glasses all day because of this
Saturday I finally was able to schedule
my yeah deployment I think that's what
it's called where they have to poke a
little hole in my iris which is the
colored part of the eye drain the fluid
to see if I'm an eligible candidate for
ALC and because of that they don't want
me to wear glasses for like two days so
that my eyes can the cornea it can go
back to its normal shape those already
contacts all day
I guess the contacts it kind of shapes
the cornea and it dries your eye out and
so they want a nice healthy eye to do
the procedure on but what sucks is I
hate morning glasses because my eyesight
is so bad I could only see it through
here so all my peripheral sucks ass like
back and then I play basketball instead
of glasses on I could never just look
down on the side with my peripheral I
always have to go like that I have to
move my head everywhere to see so I hate
glasses I feel like I have Matt tunnel
vision but uh I gotta do what I got to
do and I just feel so handicapped
especially with the eyesight that I have
but got to deal with it because once I
go through all this
hopefully my eyeballs get completely
healed and I'll have 20/20 vision
you guys can't really tell from this
camera but the Porsche is hella dirty
look at the Rams now called dark they
are so much brake dust but the cool
thing is finally I'm like an hour early
ahead of JK new schedule so imma go and
drop off the car and Jill is gonna pick
me up before I go to JK news so during
JK news my car get washed and waxed and
clay barks that's what it needs
and then I'll pick it up later so trying
to do double Dick Dale though getting
fucked at the same time yeah they're
vacuuming it finally entered uh cleaning
out the inside the carpet and all of
that stuff that's what it needed so I
was at the car wash and I ran into a
friend and it's really cool she's a
police officer but ya know yeah cool air
she's a she she's a police officer but
now she just made detective and her
husband is also a narcotics detective
and you know what's crazy Joe did you
know in Monterey Park there's been 80
burglaries in the last two months two
months yeah she says like the current
trend right now the rollin 30 scripts
they come out over here because they
know these new Chinese people got money
and they burglarize what happened to the
Chinese tribe
I don't know they're not protecting them
I know I'm gonna be like mainlanders
does I seen a black bleep oh that means
be careful it's too scary yeah so she
was telling me like see they say I
thought life yeah just tell me uh stay
strapped lock your house keep your dogs
on the side cuz of bark and warrant for
you now because the black people is the
thug or the black people is the steel
but it's because in Monterey Park
there's only like five black people and
we know all of them so that means if you
see others and we all know the rolling
thirty scripts is all the black people
so if you see them wearing all blue
bandanna from head to toe blue chuck
blue fat laces blue Dickies outfit like
a smurf and all group and a big group
rolling around our neighborhood yeah
it's scary and it she was also telling
me uh just yesterday she was involved in
the shooting there's a sorry part yeah
you know the 7-eleven off 260 yeah uh
off of Pomona yeah she was saying that
uh there's like these Marines that I
guess supposedly she actually says
supposably TIFF is there some smokey
Mexican
I grew up around everyone saying
supposedly solving you guys I know how
to spell there's a D in there the other
I knew how to spell but that was just
autocorrect
correcting my spelling yeah but she
would text me that so that was one of
the things I'm like I was so curious as
to why she would say supposably when she
would text it to me it was supposedly
yeah some like what the fuck like why
she's do a common though supposably when
some people in third grade yeah people
don't go out of it okay some people just
don't get corrected it's like when
people say conversate comedy just me
yeah that's a good thing
he was a conversate I didn't know
conversate wasn't the word till I was
like 10 or 12 conversing never heard
anyone yes I yes I just do that you know
you would conversation yeah we because I
were saying fuck it up for us we thought
that she was a real word but anyways um
Judy there's a shooting it's at 7-eleven
this this uh this guy code Wells up to
that marine any goals it were you from
he says no way pulls out a gun yeah this
cholo was like she showed me a picture
of him I don't know if just supposed to
you but she showed me picture the
stroller was a like look like late 20s
blast him in the stomach but the good
marine in the stomach yeah that guy died
for no reason
well cuz he cut him off I cut him off on
the street on the streets yeah
supposably I thought wait but I thought
they said uh use gangbanging to know the
marine was they went into the 7-eleven
the game Baker came in where you
probably cuz like I guess he was pissed
that he cut him off shot him in the
stomach and then the the 7-eleven had
surveillance and then so now what
they're also doing is she's in charge of
the police department social media so
now that what they do
yeah so it's smart so now she didn't
want to do it they're falling behind but
alhambra because of their social media
their crime rates have dropped
significantly because people are rat
each other out but oh I know that guy I
seen that guy
so they post this dude on their social
media bunch of people that got Punk'd by
him back in the day came in and I know
exactly who that is they found out where
this fool lives
now they scoped out their house and so
they have a whole strategy plan the car
parked on this street on that street and
then
they lured that guy out that guy comes
out guns blazing blood shooting at the
car all the cops he starts shooting out
all the cops and then uh they're crazy
that on a bicycle - how do you fucking
balance while you can shoot I don't know
and he starts going to the end of the
street to escape but then on the other
block they already had another police
car ready
so with that car came around hit him
with the police car while shooting so
the police officer while driving toward
him is smashing was shooting through the
windshield to hit him and then they hit
him and now that guy was a pair he was
like on the floor but he's still alive
and then so now how many time did he get
shot I don't know why because my brother
uh he's a nurse he was taking care of a
diving I shot seven times
no mil nurses like to be called
immersions was he uh was he like tatted
from head to toe I saw a picture of an
older guy though he's older but this guy
is like cata from head-to-toe because my
brother said that he was taking care of
this dude I don't know who he is but he
got shot like seven times and then he
was a public in his forties and then
they had to take him to another part of
the hospital because it was random
people dropping in and had to change his
name is he a bald cholo with tattoos
room head-to-toe look like Oh
because that's what this guy looked like
and I'm like Danish is crazy and then
she told me that it's a war zone out in
Monterey Park and I'm like we've been
divorced not we just got out of it I
know the worst it's ever been because
there's other Asian gangs just no God
there's other gangs coming into our hood
what in terms of violence in crime oh
she's pretty peaceful to me to us so the
lesson of the day is stay protected by a
gun know how to use it
lock your doors if you see people you
don't recognize in your neighborhood
call the police let them know we got to
fight crime together because they can't
do everything by themselves we need
social media we need the citizens to
stand up and we also got to buy guns
protect ourselves yeah because in a nice
neighborhood like Monterey Park if you
drive around here it looks nothing like
the ghetto so imagine if you actually
went to the ghetto man it would have
been crazy if this is the worst that
it's ever been
then that's fucking crazy 80 burglaries
because when I was going up I thought
that was the worst it's ever been
because we had the most Asian gangs here
I know all of the US and it was there
was so many up home invasion burglaries
and stuff and it was like I remember
like every six months or so there will
be a helicopter and then don't say she
needs a Monterey Park lock your doors
there's an armed man or something like
that so I don't know if people think
they're too safe but then again we live
in LA it's clean look at the wheels oh
hell yeah this motherfuckers cleaner
than a motherfucker look at his
motherfucker motherfucking goddamn
goddamn by the fucking day like the
glistening the motherfucking glistening
of the motherfucking car of the
motherfucking glistening and we got a
wax those nice and smooth nigga see no
the glistening it's glistening you guys
always kill it on the car washes thank
you guys always kill it put the we go
peasant yeah cool
oh cool thank you so you guys clean the
inside of here nice thank you thank you
thank you cool thank you so much oh snap
finally the clean silver bear look at
how clean this car is even the inside
that guy random iPhone cord though that
I gotta fix and I also got a pump gas
the I only got 19 miles left
oh no living life on the edge but damn
this car is hella clean you do such a
good job if you guys are ever in
Monterey Park go to a magic car wash bar
so they do a really good job of alacant
arrow roof and they clean that now the
controller string will clean that I'm
actually have a brand new car the
descends everything is listening
oh and just one of my favorite songs
listen to Chris Brown's first it's about
to come up soon
now listening right here it's crazy
being tough
we're gonna be trying out this new pokey
place that just opened up at a lot of
Times Square
and I'm pretty excited because I guess
pokey is like the new hot thing so
there's all kinds of pokey restaurants
that are opening up none of them which
I've really tasted like the coconut in
Hawaii but I'm still excited cuz I still
like fish in general whoa am I the first
one here crazy everyone supposed to meet
us here me David Joe Julia it was
supposed to be here but no one's here
yet so I guess I'll be the first to look
at the menu see what do they have
first to choose a sushi rice or brown
rice carrots cucumbers for the second
then inches the protein this seems
pretty self-explanatory I'm going to
definitely go with the sushi rice I'll
probably add cucumbers on the assorted
mix and then for protein up I pick tuna
flavor I'll go with maybe I'll go with
yuzu ever try that in a while and top it
off with some avocado some green onions
call it a day
get a large Oh sounds like a plan so
while I was waiting in that restaurant I
was like where's everyone at like a
loser I don't know whatever what that
and then I checked my phone and yeah
we are going to curry house the pokey
place is like the other one near Oh No
so oh no is another restaurant close to
the JK office I guess it's too similar
so they're like that's not pokey cuz so
pokey how it's supposed to be made it's
not supposed to be separate like the
ingredients aren't supposed to be like
the soy sauce and the fish it's not
supposed to be separated and then you
put it together at the end how it
supposed to work is the fish should be
marinating in its specific saucer like
if you go to food land or any other
pokey place in Hawaii all the different
fishes are mixed up but I think for the
ease of putting all that stuff together
they separate at all kind of like
Chipotle except the proteins are
marinated that kind of defeats the
purpose and a lot of these companies are
calling up okay but they're not really
pokey if it's like the tunas here the
yellowtail is there then you put the soy
sauce and stuff on afterwards because it
tastes different so I get that but I
guess this one's too close to the other
pokey place close to our office so
they'd rather go somewhere else that is
more regular so we're going back to the
trusty curry house which they never
disappoint where's everyone else
Oh geo went home to get our backup
camera because she doesn't trust me with
this one because she thinks I'm gonna
break it but all that tells me is that I
get really really good camera angles and
she's scared of me shooting this camera
but how else are you supposed to get
good angles if you don't have some risks
why don't you guys just compromise you
take off that top much
I don't know Jill's such a fucking fun
bruiner whilst what we were doing
earlier me and Joe were having a tag
team enemy killed off in the office with
our airsoft gun I want to record it to
show you guys but from the enemies angle
you seen it from our angle which means I
was going to set the camera down with
the targets are and blast but she was
scared that while I'm shooting at this
cameras gonna break hit or something and
it probably is but that footage is gonna
be awesome so the good thing is Jill
she's gonna go she went home she don't
trust me touching this camera this is
Jill's cuz mine just broke this morning
I don't know how but I'm gonna use
another one apart backup camera and I'm
gonna have all that fun and show you
guys so right now I'm having a
conversation about gambling in Vegas we
went on it and everyone's trying to
persuade not pressure what the hell is
going on over there what the fuck yeah I
try to persuade David into gambling and
the best persuaders are Joe and maybe a
little bit of rappelled ah ah follow the
story there's just nobody no
self-control whatsoever good I'm done
I'm finally up two hundred dollars I
turn no joke have a second your dog oh
but that's the whole point of gambling
David it's about losing control for a
short amount of time just three days see
how much money you can lose three days
old and looking at we're still talking
about that story
day is memorable remember when Joe was a
fucking moron and you worked so hard to
win back that 200 bucks
in two hours and he lost it on one
second no we're not ready true it was
memories the crazy thing about the homie
bleed is that he's really chill all day
but then once we get to the tables and
he's filling it
oh we can't pull him away but that's
what I like about bleed because you know
you know if someone is a real man if
they gamble oh really
yeah what does that say about a man if
you ran in his name not easy although I
always ma know you were real man when
you get hit by car face-first no your
Matthew Campbell because you know it's a
lose-lose situation wheel it when you're
down to let go a little bit but you're
down people go vessel stupid the reason
why gambling is profitable is because
you're supposed to lose that's how
casinos make money yeah bitch put a few
not too many come out alive and they may
have all the money yup because that's
the whole point you don't want to see
casinos go out of business so because of
that you want to go in the casino and
give them money so they can stay alive
real men gamble moves money they have to
decide if they should pull out all their
life savings because they're feeling hot
and if you do
then you're a real man what about women
who gamble that's just fucking hat that
gets the dick hard eyes are upside down
that's green you had the little fucking
point shit pay for your old trick is
talking about her is the green cute
campbell jr cantonese how much money
have you lost I don't know I never
gambled big time I'm usually just data
like the sauce but there's this time
where I would oh I know I know but
there's a tiny gamma that's for fucking
losers hey grandma no you can't lose
money fast enough on slots though that's
the thing cuz what we want to do this is
the this is the strategy we're gonna go
to Vegas and we're gonna go play craps
and we're gonna put a fuck ton of money
down on the floor and watch it all roll
away what's your limit what you think I
give a daily limit I'll match whatever
yours is what's your strip limit in a
daily limit that sounds responsible
what's what is it gonna be about ha ha
that's nice too much money that's too
much my trip limit might be two to three
grand depending on what I'm gonna Sam
talk that's gonna be more than me I
haven't gone I'd be good 2015 Oh as a
true homie I'm a match yours then as a
true homie cuz I can't let you I know
but I can't let you go down like that
but in an Alienist
me but you're not what what you know how
many brave you like it not that many but
still more than I do that why you could
be irresponsible
show that you don't know how to say do
you see how many bank accounts I have I
compart to memorize all my money so I
don't want to tap into it with one's a
gun fund once a gambling fund
the other one is supporting friend the
closest friend I got and he hasn't
played and I got to support him
I have add a little bit and I'm just
gonna my goal a thousand a day you're
like hey you got something on it I was
like oh really
it was you know when you're talking to
someone I think I like this and you go
oh thank you for telling with it what
imma be the true homie I don't know yet
though I don't know I have to be
responsible and check my finance and see
how much the maximum Oh Michael beerus
what about this or about I never went
that hard
what about way what about five bills a
day so 1500 for the whole weekend I need
to have something that make me go Wow I
fucking went crazy 25 10 G's cuz I've
already done dialed like I've already
done town damn talk yeah you gotta talk
yourself yeah but that's one a time when
I was slowly making a thousand bucks a
month
I like your sky how much you think I was
it sounds irresponsible
but I already was dead free and I was
already saving money so I could live a
little
I have to savor every one last of these
meals because I'm gonna start cutting
soon and I'm not going to eat this stuff
so I got a hamburger curry but the
croquette it looks delicious
excuse me and I get to add sugar what's
in my eyes oh yeah oh sorry
that one is mine thank you mine looks
boring compared to your fancy schmancy I
like how the distinct between the two so
the mall has a little parsley and
garnish oh yeah yours is falling and
you've got the Weiner why is it boring
they look like mine stupid cry so
motherfuckers show us how you eat
everything because I know you'd like
taking a little bite of everything oh I
love it when I get the yolk I just
fucking make that shit period all over
the guy damn rice and then I get the
fucking things I'm just like oh yeah now
that some other fucking food kill a bit
of that shit fucking bie then you shovel
food in your mouth I've noticed mmm
ha-la-lu
Maximus sure let's call it a mouth off
another
all the pits Joe gave you that was not
the ball a lot harder but she fucked me
where she injured and she wound up
promotion right now
no it depends oh you want to look like
her right here this way Wow do it I
thought she knit your eyes how are you
gonna hit a guy who's stronger weaker no
sense but he's gonna hit you back so hot
right now
thank you bad guys came into our office
and we got to protect our team because
me and Joe are responsible bosses and
the bad guys are right here where you're
at you're not going to rape David all
right crazy lady
what were you saying your dog is
reindeer I was racing behind the
reindeer on skis see you can't really
you can't just say that like is normal
so that's me on the skis that's the mad
angry reindeer in the bullpen the guy
the guy lifts the thing and the reindeer
darts out and then those are those
little horns I'm holding whose idea was
this it's it's a professional sport in
Finland in Finland you it hurts did you
fall
I felt like four times but I got I I
managed to make it behind reindeer and
then I made it the whole racetrack for
real I said I'm the first American to do
it does it take does it take balance to
stay on the
excuse you to be a decent skier are you
a good skier okay
the reindeer power of the reindeer I'm
surprised it didn't just like pull you
out of the skis reindeer they don't like
it they're wild animals like all the
different directions so your reins are
like they try to shake you I know you're
going like this while you're while
you're running so they're not really
domesticated no definite holy crap yeah
I asked the guys has anyone ever died
from this and he was like yeah like I'm
normal like duh of course they did yeah
so go to Lapland Finland for a terrain
here to raise reindeer thank you for
your crazy story you know what you
proved that white people are crazy I
know were lame cetera wants to see what
she looks like with purple hair and
that's what they're doing alright guys I
wanted to give you guys a view of what I
see when I shoot so it's like
first-person shooter and let's see how
accurate I am with this ready go
that was pretty cool I saw that's
whatever and he was wearing my shoes
black and white you're 11 and she was
looking for me
ha ha ha well Wade your juggler name be
I have to come back ha ha ha why did you
decide to uh keep your shirt all
buttoned up I mean uh unbuttoned
this was Casey's idea Oh Casey Daria
will be dope to show my stomach and my
chains and like let it fucking hang
loose yeah what was that too
