I'm super happy today because as you
guys know I bought a fuck ton of guns
but I haven't been able to shoot any of
them and I've been trying to schedule a
day to shoot guns but I've been so
fucking busy I haven't been able to and
today though as you can tell I am able
to finally go shoot guns and this was
like three weeks of scheduling in the
making three weeks ago I was like
alright you know what
Tuesday morning I think I have my two
three hours of window to fuck around and
I'm like anyone down to go shooting
because if not I'm gonna go in myself
but the Dames down joe's down hands down
so I get to go shooting right before I
go to work because I have to go to work
at 1:00 I'm very excited and I got this
guy than the feschi which is my baby and
I've been dying to shoot this guy this
guy is like the Lamborghini of ARs and
the scope is like the Lamborghini of
scopes and this guy's a dental defense
and this guy's like a mercedes-benz so I
shot this guy I love this guy but then
once I felt this guy it was just I don't
know it was like it just felt good you
know it was just like god damn it's just
like you just at the store I picked it
up online
fuck just makes you want to fucking
responsibly I got this and I've had so
many guns I haven't even been able to
shoot on the deans been the one been
shooting all the guns like I got this
gun this trp what I really wanted and I
haven't even been able to she didn't
deal with the first one to shoot it so
today I'm going to bring up this and I'm
a focus on these guys and hopefully I
could do this every single week where
every morning I can go there
the Train because my goal is to treat
shooting as if it's working out so I can
get better and better and better so if I
can at least shoot once a week I'll be
really really happy
I have to use that mad
Oh had a really fun time shooting but I
realized one hour isn't enough I feel
like I could've shot for another good
hour
and I probably could have easily used
like 200 rounds per weapon so now it's
cut short but I guess the cool thing
about cutting it short though is that it
leaves you wanting more you know so now
I'm like I can't wait till the next on
my shoot and you don't get sick of it
versus like you overload on something
and then you're like I don't care about
shooting for the whole month so I'm
pretty excited to come back the nowitzki
which is my new baby it's not zeroed in
meaningful like guns you can't just take
a scope and put it on a rifle and expect
to nail targets because each rifle has
its own personality and each scope has
its own personality so when they talk
about precision or accuracy what it's
talking about is a grouping like if I'm
shooting it can be off target but if I
shoot a hundred rounds if it forms a
cluster that's like that tight that
means the rifle it's very very accurate
but now you have to make slight
adjustments to bring that cluster back
onto target so right now when I'm aiming
dead center I'm not hitting the target
so that tells me that it's not that the
rifle is very accurate it's just it's
not on target yet so I got to make those
adjustments but other than that I love
them the feschi they're always like very
little recoil but the concussion to the
side was was
aloud and the daniel defense that guy is
is just a workhorse you know that thing
it works very well with iron sights no
scope and we were in nailing targets
like two hundred yards just iron sights
with no scope and same thing with the my
sig p226 that thing is amazing it's like
were the most accurate weapons and a
half and if i had to trust my life to a
web better Populi be a p226 it's always
reliable there's been times where I
haven't cleaned it for like the entire
like two years still fires so yeah
that's it but now got to go home and
shower real quick and see if tip can
pick me up some lunch
and then I gotta go film but this is a
really fun little morning workout for me
we're looking that poor no Josh why are
you okay with me no I don't like the
weird stuff you like are you sure yeah
what's your favorite porno cannibals oh
yeah yeah that's pretty nasty Josh hmm
huh what's your favorite animal to have
sex with uh kangaroos why cousin like
they just like to hop everywhere yeah
yeah so then just like you know hopping
up and down to have like a huge pouch so
I can just like get in there afterward
I'm just you know cuddle girl cozy and
warm just you know relax and go to sleep
so you like to stick your dick in
kangaroo patches yeah that's really
weird yeah you know that's where the
baby kangaroo is hide too yeah so you're
gonna stick your dick in a kangaroo
pouch where there's other baby kangaroos
inside yeah
that's out some girl what's the animal
that you least like having sex with oh
that's hot for him why could you just
like fucking all the animals let's say
porcupines why does he have so many
spikes on their back so it's probably
her yeah probably so it'd be too painful
so like on a sexually transmitted
disease and so they keep on everything
every time jacks are really weird did
you get better at basketball I've been
better been better
yeah so now you just suck like a first
grader no I can beat you mm-hmm
sure sure Josh what are you up to my
back I'm just replying to couple emails
and waiting on everyone to get here cuz
everyone's late what kind of games are I
planned today some really fun ones it's
kind of like a dare game and then we
have um a game that's not even out yet
but that's super looks is it that new
Neil yeah yeah if they started um a
Kickstarter for it they only wanted
10,000 to start this game and they
raised over 2 million what the fuck
that tops fucking sick so they're just
gonna pocket the 100 the 1.99 0 million
right now no one has it not too many
people have it but we're going to play
it under real dough if you had a
Kickstarter you only needed 10 G's for
your project and let's say all of a
sudden you got 10 million would you be
like fuck this million yeah would you
say like fuck this project I'm retiring
motherfucker what would you do oh no I
wouldn't do fuck this project I'd
probably still go through with the
project cuz I'm probably really
passionate about it I'd still go through
the project make that shit epic is fuck
get the dopest team on it and then I'd
probably just be like alright time to
play now and then just do a bunch of
shit that I've always wanted to do like
I'd buy like a crazy amount of acres and
like pick up all the dogs in the world I
think if I was asking for 10 G's and I
got 10 million I would be like fuck this
project I'm out really I'm like you guys
understand what Kickstarter usually
projects people are really passionate
about that's true
I'm in the beer a pop so what yeah why
isn't like what happens is a lot of
developers or a lot of people they'll
fund the Kickstarter then the people
that are actually making the Kickstarter
game or like whatever you're making bill
just say I was just like stop doing it
after you're like a short amount of time
and then it really gets back their money
so in the sense it's like a double-edged
sword that sometimes you know what I
think can be it's a lot of people that
are doing Kickstarter's they have a
great idea and they need funding and
they think that money solves all
problems but they don't have the
business know-how
yeah they never pull through yeah I
don't think I don't think it I don't
think they try to be Shady I just think
that a lot of people think business
equals money but you need a lot of like
logistic like a lot of uh entrepreneurs
and startup company owners they can
start with an idea and they'll know how
to get funding they'll know how to go to
venture capitalists and they can get
that money they know how to manage our
money and continue the business but a
lot of people are just like oh I want to
start this t-shirt company in with
20,000 and they have the 20,000 and
after they sell the t-shirt they don't
know what to do with the money and then
the they don't know anything about
marketing or anything like that and the
entire company's dwindle something is
their fault but I only should say
anything because you like the fucking
gross
clothespins what cause pins I need to
set up my arrange your indoor range yeah
well we had it there call c-47s don't
know where that is Oh Cynthia Oh your
hair's blue okay you can't see it under
this red light but I'm gonna step out
for you oh cool
do they get the roots too yeah or did
they purposely leave the roots
I can't tell there's a roots black or
blue no it's really dark blue it's a
dark blue so that when my action roots
grow out it just seems like a nice blue
ombre everything what inspired you to
get blue hair so I vote so I told myself
that if I were to color my hair the
first color I would do it would be my
favorite color what's your favorite
color okay well I don't know why why
would you call your favorite color uh
because it's a color that I can't really
hate and um I I don't know I just I just
love the color it makes me feel calm and
relaxed and just like such a pretty
color
you know blue is actually one of my
least favorite colors really um I don't
I feel like it's so safe it's saved yeah
like it there's there's not a lot of
emotion behind it yeah so it's almost
like saying like oh what's your favorite
drink
Oh water it doesn't it doesn't like it
doesn't emotionally-charged me Oh like
that's why I really like red or I like
black it's like you look at it and it's
like pow like I mean something or or
even pink like I mean something you know
but blue is just like sky water yeah
it's like all the safe stuff to me
awesome it's soothing it to relax yeah
but that's why that's like that's the
exact reason why I don't like it because
if I really wanted to relax and I wanted
to paint a heavenly scene it'd be all
white oh why are thank me is boring yeah
why didn't black are boring to me to me
blue is boys cuz blue is right in the
middle for me blue is like super safe to
me that soy well which look
on your head very often because it's not
natural hope it doesn't happen you see
pink hair sometimes it's still not very
often that doesn't happen no one's born
a blue hair only very few can fall there
do you think you can do it did you match
it with any blue eyeliner is there a
trick - no there's no blue eyeliner
right now but maybe in the future
because that's a trick right a lot of
people don't do like blue this or like
this or I've seen I've seen girls do
like like a purple hair and then they
might do like a yellow eyeshadow or
something yeah
- like complement it or something cuz
there are complementary colors I mean I
got a little bit of orange going on so
that compliment where I was are done
George it's covered by silver but
there's like an orange you got silver in
there - I do I can actually wear silver
colors out on my eyelids because when I
use that black hair
oh it pops out it looked really weird
and it looked really pink yeah yeah yeah
so now it feels like it matches because
of my blue hair so the cool day but
having blue hair is that it opens up a
lot of cool colors for me but then at
the same time I feel like I'm very
limited in my wardrobe
oh so some of the yellows I like to wear
I can't really wear house often cuz it
looks too crazy you just look like a
walking crayon and then if I were to
wear red I would look like the American
flag which is not bad maybe if I feel
patriotic you could put stars on your
cheeks I could I could you know um josh
has taught me that he really likes
fucking kangaroos really what's your
favorite animal to have sex with I don't
think I really want to add to that cuz I
can't even think of fucking an animal
welcome Josh can I because that's your
Josh you animal fucker so you don't
think you have sets the animal what if
like what if you and an animal were the
last people on earth and it was up to
you guys to recreate all the animals on
the earth who would you want to have sex
with
what you don't I mean you don't know
right like what if like what if I was up
to you what if us up to you and a
wallaby to to repopulate the earth you
know and your hairs blue what would you
have to do I think I'm just gonna let
human kind of be extinct you're all
mammals the exam so you'll just die and
then the wallaby guys that's fairly
selfish okay I had a blue change and
like opened up you know your place of
the world and like made you made you a
better person but fairly not fake it's
just a hair is that my actual hair color
damn Wow what would you fuck babe Bart
Bart is an animal but if you have to
fuck another animal oh just Bart the
bear
what about platypus duck no it just
birthed the bear that's it boy the bear
what would you fuck Oh what would you
fuck everything everything at the zoo at
the San Diego Zoo
we don't even run cuz they're in the
brain of tank cuz they got a fuckin
bangin booty and the guys like four sets
of hands oh they could do a freaking
crazy job ah he's a poet
Julia you think I'm I'm I can't I can't
wrap my mind around it you don't have to
she looks like a penguin fucker to me
though to be honest a big one fucker
that's nasty I didn't pick it for her
just her aura the real MVP with the
lunchtimes so pokey um I actually told
him to put crab on mine yeah I'm gonna
bring it on both sorry that's fine I
don't care I just moved to say thank you
very much II well you got me five scoops
tall right yeah okay that's alright now
I need the protein
wasabi soy sauce chopstick is your hair
uh purple uh cuz it looks kind of blue
now it's supposed to be purple is blue
it kind of changes in the lighting code
does huh yeah cuz in the light when I'm
outside in the Sun it looks more pink
and then when I'm inside it looks more
blue especially in the camera on camera
it looks more yeah it looks very blue
right now
yeah radar does but it looks purple or
maybe it has to do with the some of our
lights we have a shade of like red film
on there that's possibly why yes funny
cuz uh post photos and different
lighting it all looks different
yeah and the good boy thing it's fading
already and I'm like no it's just
different lighting good I don't even
know why people got a commentator so
weird for that's like why does that even
matter it's like just look at the
picture and read the caption yeah why
would people have to add their two cents
that things don't even matter
yeah for that's all I'm saying yeah and
then people are like oh not clearing
that's enough it's good I'm like fuck
you you're not even my coach what are
you talking about I'm like and then
they're like why do you have to use so
much gear I'm like what I see that
everywhere though I see that on John
Jones's Instagram too like he'll be like
boxing John yeah like a professional
fighter former light heavyweight
champion I probably be light heavyweight
champion again and he's working on
boxing and the people will be like oh
man you know when you throw your hooks
to kind of wide and it's like uh this
guy is like the top level athlete and
you're a keyboard warrior shut the fuck
up but you don't know anything I hate it
why can't people just shut the fuck up
just watch something and enjoy your
zippers down by the way no he zip it up
for me so it's a pocket but these aren't
even fit you I'm gonna start cutting
soon you remind me of like those chubby
little kids that their clothes just
don't fit um right I'm gonna start
cutting soon you just watch fine
double-double I think it's become a
weekly tradition babe to get in and out
on Tuesdays cuz sells the true homie and
he helps pick up dinner for us sometimes
and for some reason I always crave in
and out on Tuesdays and I ask him if
he's down he's always down Miller's
Tommy I know you don't know what we're
gonna hate why just ask him what cuz I
don't when you ask me I don't know so I
just go ahead babe if you want food I'm
just eating about food let's get that
covered and then later when we start
asking I just go in and out or something
and then see if it fits his macros Ricki
funny so fun breathes it shakes my leg
bqd a big ball of fur fun find a big
ball of frickin fur you too you big
freaking ball throw the waggy tail sell
it's the true MVP bringing us the yummy
food oh yeah
besides you just swap it out wait under
that the picture you can squat with our
weight on your back you can practice
sumo dips pull-ups all kinds of stuff
that's what we need to add oh that's the
perfect word you've all time stuff oh
that's awesome
he was wearing my shoes black and white
Jonah Levin and she was looking for me
ha ha ha well Wade your juggler name be
I have to come back ha ha ha why did you
decide to uh keep your shirt all
buttoned up
I mean uh unbuttoned this was Casey's
idea Oh Casey daddy will be dope to show
my stomach and my chains and like let it
fucking hang loose yeah what was that
too
