good morning my bare gritty father
where are we going I know we're gone
slower
we're going somewhere special one of
your favorite places in the world but it
is that we're going to pretty much
really close to Disneyland
very close to the both of those to
Hawaii very very close to all three of
those keys
very very really extremely close you're
getting so close now my bed
no even closer you just they're really
expensive hotel with free room service
and the soft
the world exactly we're going to the gun
store hahaha I know we're going to the
gun store but that's not anywhere near
those oh man 60 is it this is where you
could get on there and then there's
gotta be a way look at all these cones
problem if I do Michael Bay style with
Michael Bay do excuse me I am are you
serious
how can they do this this is what I hate
about Ellie how can you do construction
in the middle of the day when you
already know LA has like the worst
freaking traffic in the world do it in
the middle of the night yeah I mean it
is the weekends I think that's their
thought process sure but there's even
traffic on the weekends Ellie's
notorious for bad traffic yeah
I'm really excited are you coming with
me to the gun store yeah cuz you know
how much I love guns I've been loving
guns ever since I was a kid and then
ever since I was 18 I wanted to own a
gun I joined the military and I got very
familiar with the m16 I love guns but
guns is a luxury it's like it's like
golf you know a bag of golf clubs can
easily cost a couple grand and guns are
just as expensive if not more expensive
and finally I'm making my own money
and so I could finally indulge in this
hobby that I've only been a
I've only been viewing from far away
yeah I'm so proud of you
you know back in the day some ways to go
shooting with our other friends that had
actual jobs I felt like such a
freeloader
cuz it would be like remember our friend
Ryan he would have like 20 guns if you
would shoot it he would never charge us
for bullets never tried to see his gun I
would just shoot him all day and I felt
bad all the time and then that's right
now when I have guns some of the guns
and the deme has shot that that I bought
brand-new that I have even shot yet but
I just want to pass on what Ryan has
passed on to me oh that's so nice you're
paying a board yeah that's I want to do
I like that mentality I like paying it
forward I think that's what makes a
society really really really cool yeah
because I know how awesome it was for me
to really love guns but not have guns
but have the ability to shoot guns
because my friends were really nice so
now I just want to pay it forward and
give it to Nadine because I know he's
broke he's young but then now I'm ballin
so I wanna be able to UM let him play
off some guns but today I'm really
excited can I pick you up two guns today
well actually I'm picking up two and I'm
buying - yeah yeah
are you excited for me cuz you're my
best friend and best friends always
support the best friends with whatever
they want to do yes
don't much red-velvet donut what Barry
blueberry donut yeah what's your
favorite donut chocolate bar chocolate
bar what but I thought you don't like
chocolate and it's more of a bar than
the truck
oh I got this one Reese's peanut butter
doughnut I want you to try the coffee
the Stumptown nitro Brucella bum it's
smooth right yeah it comes out on top
like this comes out on that top right
there and there's foam in there and it
comes out like a Guinness where it it
comes out frothy but then it settles and
then you get that nice little foam lay
on top
Joe got a big ass regular sugar what is
this what is this what are you playing
with so I just got my m24 and this is
the one that no way before for how long
very long time but this is an actual
service stock open oh sorry yeah you can
see I mean can you tilt it more this way
as you can see all the little nooks and
scratches and stuff I'm Raziel I'm
probably never even going to shoot this
and it's going to keep little
collectible in the office I'm gonna melt
it in a public a long on initializing
that I should himself see different in
Banquo but this is a this was normally a
family available to the military and the
civilian side to get that ready from 700
this is the m24 at all
now that releasing this to a billion
market so I'm super excited bill to get
this when I saw Joe get it last night
market I was really jealous but he
really wanted it so I just let him
happen but now I have my so you're
getting this someone else that's yours
too and I got this this is a
I'm gonna see my new baby Oliver I
thought I was your be no you're not
this is the new my new baby it's in the
besties with the Elkin uh site damn talk
Daniel this is superlight cowboy way to
feel this paper but this light you can
maneuver this brief at all and there's
like nothing
Oh because we sometimes very different
break what's kind of so is this the one
that was similar to what you had so I
mean this is my a military no I thought
that was a tribute to the one that I was
sorry
this is like the Lamborghini bridge with
the USO so I already had this but I
bought a new stone and is this yours
yeah you just already had this they
mounted it for me your scope is like
fucking sick so it's awesome about this
color usually when you go shooting long
distance you have your shooting and you
have a spotter right and the spotter has
his own scope Monaco and the spotting
scope is usually clearer than your
actual rifle scope is made the spot back
when he went shooting with this cause
this was clearer than a spotting scope
Oh snaps this is the Muni Oh
nunu that's like a plus
I have no idea
can't wait till we go that way would it
not your sister
you know how which netskope is for show
my bestie huh
you know how much that scope is yes like
two J's all right then look at all these
three um also a dream flag I did one
with the
little the best is Thailand yes I like
right oh yeah it is
oh my god this is not the Moloch I
thought we were going to you're going to
see what I'm going to get yeah what are
you getting yeah I'm gonna go I'm going
to be getting this today what is that
it's a pistol
what were the fingers for kinetic is
awesome buddy
what is it known for what or why is it
good or was it different one or two
minor things put it yeah bet prolly why
people put sig bring like this online
nothing's cool they watch that this
thing
Oh Jason
they send out another letter it looks so
fun easy
they don't care because the seasons that
you
it is a great very very rare
to get on my boat
yeah there's also a red dot in their
beauty
oh yeah I just saw it I see your great
culture no bomb living I can see this
it's been here oh there's a red dot on
the target
that is so cool do you turn on the
daughter that is cool do you guys see
any idea oh you know what I really love
the skull I picked it up in here so this
at one times mean there's no
magnification so it's just a Kaffir
right doctor guy right but in a click of
a button it goes from one time
magnification to four times clip you're
shooting right here also we feel a weird
guy pop up in the back there boom now
it's nine months by four nine
cool you're definitely in your element
right now for sure miss Wilma you and
every other guy in here they're like
fucking little kids again come in to ask
our guest has to move this gun so what
is this what is this this is what the
Navy SEALs use it's the cig in sorry
p226 mark 25 and then you can see that
anchor there right there
it's totally phosphate coated it's got a
chrome-lined barrel
nine millimeter súper bebés got
decocking lever here so you could drop
the hammer without pulling the trigger
once you want to reach around is this
lighter than a regular our two two three
oh no it's the same weight it's got an
aluminum alloy lower frame there and the
stainless steel barrel like stainless
steel slide it's got this big light nice
size but walnut dark ro 303
how much awesome
the phosphate coating is for the heels
do their job
they'll get it it's actually better
condition in behind rival oh yeah the
barrel could you say Joe
that way he's not gonna get I was gonna
get it but he says I'm gonna get I see
I'm doing the paperwork
that's what I told Joe about the m24
like if you don't get it I get it
but he got it what is it why is it oh
well I didn't know their magazine was
made in Italy ah this gun meaning or is
the u.s. what if it was made in China
would you still say oh well if it was
meant to be I don't know if it wasn't
made in China how would have been like
plug that way by this bar yeah
Ricky was the true home a dog has yet to
convince his coworker to sell it
this is brand new man why did he
convince his wife he convinced him why
because he was not going to sell it no
cat easier and yes he wherever a shot
whoever kept is kept in freakin yeah it
is you mean basically just been like a
safe queen you know I have a guy shot
that much I love it good entrepreneur
before goes God my buddy look
if you wanted to get another hand but
other guns really expensive so Ricky was
like what wanting another gun want to
sell another kind of yours cannot buy
your gun right through his arrangements
he's able to make me happy
put some cash in his pocket so I can
make him happy buy another gun everybody
happy just by moving some gun trading
around that is amazing Ricky's a man
Chinese Hornet I water yes
hey put your phone number bird yatta be
all yours are recorded clock so this is
Ricky's car picking up my car today this
is a bear phone stop one and as you get
into collecting guns you start wanting
to get better and better quality stuff
and it's not about quantity anymore what
do I want to get a scar for this guy's
pretty expensive but Ricky only gets
good stuff so you had to hooked up with
really nice things and as he has an L
can sign on it he's already have a Elkin
on the AR yeah but he says this is
pretty much the exact Navy SEAL setup
where it's a 308 rifle that's good for
close-quarter combat but else has enough
firepower to hit longer distance and
they put the Alcon on there and it's
indestructible this is the beautiful
it's what I like that he's doing
something yeah since you need this one
yeah he's gone a crime also like that
comfort
yeah what day tricks
oh man I'm something my excitement dance
for you guys hi you're reading you need
to drive your other car sometime or do
you only drive
I want a based mobile now sometimes I
wanted right now that Geopark next day
oh yeah you guys could go drive together
eww my driving Madson it's about the
driver it's about the driver not the car
confidence just kidding the drive the
car helps out a lot to be honest I don't
know how I could murder somebody in a
Fiat maybe a Fiat would be better than I
think they've never suspected no you
just drive right next to everybody
Michael is quite a hand up and I'm sure
not him everybody this is John
hey John nice to meet you hi all you
jerked me and it doesn't hurt oh I meant
d-trix this house right now and it's
dark and very seductive this is where
d-trix bangs everybody yeah baby there
was it was awesome cuz you're bajo hurt
still or no huh it's your butthole here
miles be loose can you give me a tour of
your house d-trix if this is my family
room my living room my kitchen in my
bedroom all in one and your production
house hi this is cool though it's fun so
do you ever walk around here naked by
yourself all the time aren't you scared
that people are gonna look through the
windows kind of hoping cuz I think I'll
screw them
selfish to us we got two we have two of
these members we got two channels that
are over a million lucky two years
already fuckin bitch-ass you to show
mama love you she wrote you something
she's sending this either no what did
you do to do that what'd you do to
deserve that losses Oh looks like
pottery-making so what else is around
here this is it tell me how you designed
this place see we all started with them
the white walls we all served with
walking I really like what you did with
the pipes thanks man what is it about
the pipes that you love the most
it looks industrial nice what is this do
you guys just lay here manga all the
German Iron Man no I know but what is it
uh is it a bean bag what is it like it's
calming your bean bag your memory
it's like phone all morning about this
the Iron Man towel that is pretty tight
horrible or DC what's a marvel of course
did you watch that cool you yes and I
loved it I'm using five really not only
watched it once but I loved it though
let me guess you never use the kitchen
that's why you put the couch over here
kitchen all one do is the couch is
really usually here or do you put it
somewhere else so it's over here yeah
welcome to film you put over here yeah
oh that makes sense
yeah everything's easy to tear down so
it's really bad it's very cool that
green especially I mean anything to
really brag about so such a great it's
such a man place actually because men
places are usually like everything's on
the floor this is great yes it's fun
it's open
what do you mean things are on the floor
where else you put it on the walls well
I mean you put shelves like well that
was me I gotta give that up to green and
Megan Batu
they made that oh the touch of a woman I
take your back
oh but it's just that's the only thing
everything else what about that is there
oh that's Pinterest you know what that
is it's a good bitches that's all
spiders we're gonna go past the pipes
like if there's like an angle I'm
sleeping so I was like what's covering
and now he asked
that's what are you afraid of the eating
like eating the spiders in yourself oh
yeah you see I'm not the only one no
there's an average there's on seven ball
three years yeah but Riemann told you
all three spiders in their sleep they're
delicious and it's from soundlessly
knowledge it yeah Snapple wasn't mine
never so you can't tell me I'm being a
big baby when I'm afraid of heights no
I'm just saying house are gonna get your
protein source if you don't eat spiders
that's disgusting overall I'm sorry Trix
knows the way you are partly look at
that brisket ribs fried chickens Oh
I'm so hungry but this is our favorite
food we love southern food authentic
Popeyes thank you oh yeah you know the
way to our taste buds I'm gonna eat that
shit
what's wrong with Chinese food I'm a
racist everyone in the comments the hell
races geo is I'm just kidding so you
gotta watch what you say gonna be saying
crazy shit like that you crazy yeah why
you racist
you don't like Chinese people every you
know you're not gonna buy anything from
Made in China anymore what the heck oh
my goodness
I'm really high for this one is probably
what my favorites is my favorite you
love barbecue yeah I love barbecue it's
delicious barbecue is like my best
friend mine too
yeah what's gonna be your challenge
because I made looks part is that
snapchat yeah I gotta get on snapchat
no Pollyannish go down okay and three
things that you like okay you can say
whatever you want really rightly about
that
what's that reflection well your outlook
great
yeah make a big bite continue it big
young and maybe I stuff on the side yeah
it's my out party
hey Larry um do you want me to forget
that I love that light a hundred dollars
that says too easy to G oh shit so much
this intro yeah you already get too much
Joe has the vlog fresh kicks bro thank
you you keep my cleaned up I did
are they clean are they dirty you
actually fuck them up respecting another
how you look I was not so anymore
ecology the right one you to the left I
know that you know Japan's a pretty fun
place to buy shoes that really yeah they
got pretty cool shoes there yeah it's
ready if I have any fan base there at
all yeah you do yeah okay everyone's in
hairs like yours so Sid going oh yeah
and actually well some up people my name
is the Jojo and I like three things in
this world tree one is one of them is my
favorite historical of me who is I like
the gun but I also like which leads me
to number three dancing I teach the
dominant how to touch
I mark your turn baby
hmm Wallace man right holy guacamole
yeah
mondo never get darker is it Dan Media
Inc and actually listing your name and
three things you are in an Asian asset
or Asian accent hello my name is Bob and
I like allergy medicine a kidney he'll
see because I like the cat
the cat eyeball getting a ditch so I
take energy in it feel good
and number two I like the water because
you need it
number three I like to watch TV because
I like this because last mollies I like
this cuz I like food Alliance alright
yeah so I'm not saying these are doing
that accent yeah sure
okay do your best and we can always
really good voiceover good you'll do it
funny what I'm just saying barrio and it
was different one a different type of
Asian accent something they could feed
to hearses I could do like a Korean guy
go ahead is it like a Korean guy okay so
I'm just gonna be like I'm back here Gio
and she likes three things I'm gonna do
the part pull out a little bit yes full
of bro here I'll put this over here yeah
oh yeah yeah yeah
already we're gonna start with like hi
I'm gon say where are you moving your
mouth and yeah okay yeah just go for it
don't think don't think don't think
don't think okay I'm gonna go alright as
a teamwork action rolling what's up
Parker today is like a kimchi
international holiday and my name is
Jill and I like to put a pepper in the
Wiener
I love office keys you know I like oh
and the last but not least happy
birthday to you by purvis there's a dog
vote in the world need puppies part in a
word dad Daniel Oh what's up David
what's up what's up David I just saw
this need to be casual cuz I don't get a
sweater hey man a job dude oh my god
like Randy are you so really still sorry
no I it's like my foot area
let me see oh it is sore did good
what are you making over here um we are
doing a ramen with 14 hours smoked
brisket today whoops
where'd you get this barbecue skill set
from oh I actually YouTube really I just
learn uh from Texas
no I'm not a trained chef I actually
used to work in management yeah but
really I you know I've been barbecuing
my whole life and it's sort of evolved
Oh turn cooking meat yeah anywhere from
you know six hours to to 14 hours for
brisket yeah so it's really become this
sort of a showing of mine yeah so I like
smoking me to have a smoker at home oh
no way but that's the standup
you know you put like a water gets
vertically put the water and it goes up
smoking on whoever smoking on yes I was
like doing a buck yeah yeah yeah yellow
pellet smoker no I know this is no
offset smoker just like you do in Texas
just oak and hickory wood oh nice
so what do you got it is boiling water
yeah so we're going to be doing ramen
which for the briskets you guys I'll
take you through a little tasting of all
the different parts of the brisket as
well what kind of uh broth is it so this
is a tinkle Chu Brad Ausmus bomb plastic
Japanese ramen god damn that smells good
Wow I'm excited
Wow it's like a hot pot burner but the
professional kind you can have shava
shava here
are you excited David yeah I had the
pork belly earlier because we were
making it for the for the consignment of
the show yeah and I should be looking
it's just something different that's it
so this whole thing is a show that we're
shooting for a cooking show because a
lot of cooking show that you guys see
from other youtubers suck ass if they're
not David or Jay Kerry fucking suck dick
quit soccer that's right it's ugly my
fucking right here damn bad yeah
but you're supposed to make the noodles
separate and then some other girls are
standing next to each other crazy yeah I
don't know
zing fuck damn boy what is going on now
with all those tools real coupon god
damn trying to be a ninja turtle today
why do you got a katana in there that is
so I want to make it full of guns
yeah is that a big-ass brisket is that
the brisket that is the brisket oh my
goodness is warm so this is how I keep
it intent natural sealant with the fat
make sure you know wait let the juice
form a of time make sure it's warm
before serving so you smoke it and then
you vacuum seal and then you what do you
do you put it just on the secret no it's
just it's just it's getting warm in a
water bath to to make sure it's staying
at the consistent all just water bath
right here Oh daddy got all kinds of
secrets do it my brisket I like to put
it in foil and this way it's not what
it's doing is it's sweating in there
it's more relaxing it's ginger buying in
there
that's what we're going to do after
we're going to go to the gym jail bang
intervation shuffled no what are you
talking about mob bear because you are
illiterates she looks like a
professional I'm going to make it look
like we did this this morning you're
gonna do a movie magic and make it look
like it did this this morning oh yeah
but when did you really do this you go
fill your schedule
oh yeah but that's how they do it and TV
shows and movies it's all fake oh oh my
goodness
Sam look at that freaking crust what do
you like to put for the rub
um Central Texas no just some salt and
peppers my shepherd
oh I need a smell what are you gonna
what are you doing right now with the
butcher paper you're gonna send it to
your friend keeping it nice and warm
yeah comfortable got it baby along this
uh brisket here that's pretty cool man
making it look movie Oh Lucas TIFF is
Tess with the purple hair how do you
like it right touch it is it does it
feel soft softer or no every time
there's like just like extra zone before
yeah what did you um what made you want
to go with the purple uh I wanted purple
hair since I was in the fifth grade and
you finally made it happen
always a dream to be a great and now she
ate how come we didn't do it before I
couldn't do it record for the job
oh they thought it was too crazy
possible yeah I couldn't I couldn't even
get nails done
oh that's awesome congratulations bad
here funny
get up ahead
all the brisket disappeared Chris could
just create it oh sorry
damn it sorry guys and I was
disappointing but I can't resist son of
us are you excited my bear for the ramen
with the barbeque did you smell this
wrong they just smell the broth uh-huh
diarrhea
just another broth babe smells freaking
delicious
god damn 24-hour yeah dan that camera is
serious yeah what are you getting me
wrong see what it looks like
oh that looks professional i'ma get out
of your way you look like you're
actually working on something then I
light it serious - whoa
uh was games bad
one more time so we just finished eating
ramen at David's TV pilot filming thing
and his buddy Stevie who is a barbecue
pitmaster guy he you know anything know
what okay
his buddy Stevie he's okay is a fire
tender and he's also a Boy Scout and he
made a really really delicious brisket
with the minimal ingredients but the
crazy thing was he smoked brisket and he
added with ramen and it was probably one
of the best ramen I've ever had
how did you like it mom fair um I was
very surprised that I I actually liked
it um real any water it wasn't super
rich because I'm I'm I like the pork
broth or when I got to the pool katsu
but then I can't do it too rich was
anything super fatty my stomach just
doesn't it just doesn't sit well with my
stomach and I just have to like kick
shit right away
yeah so when you've all seen that happen
we had yeah um so when I took the first
few like
tastes of the bra yeah it's like all
snaps this is awesome like I can taste
what he wanted me to taste it's like he
was guiding me through all the flavors
he wanted you to try or maybe it was
because he explained all the ingredients
in it and I was more aware of what I'm
tasting so I don't know what was you
know what I loved the most about it what
I loved the most about it was through
his food we were eight we were able to
experience his life story because he was
saying how his mom like my mom sucks at
cooking so he thought the world was full
of shitty food and then he goes to Japan
for the first time and he ate Japanese
ramen from like a little shack for the
first time and it blew hot is mine how
delicious that was and so forever in his
mind that ramen will ever have a place
in his memory and then he has a newfound
love for barbecuing and he's been trying
to perfect that for ages so through the
food that we ate he was able to combine
kind of his origins in this the genesis
of his start of his culinary career with
his new passion and so it's like his
whole entire life story all combined
together in a dish without him having to
ever really explain all that
yeah that's great don't care actually
I know I've cared so much but yeah I'm
on the worst fucking freeway right now
and I'm driving and you're expecting me
to give you these crazy answers and I'm
sorry but I'm trying not to kill
everyone in the fucking car I'm not I'm
not I don't want you to give me crazy
answers I'm trying to see the mirror so
I could keep changing things and I
should see my parents so you're
admitting I love I love that you're
filming this and I wish I can have this
great conversation with you but I'm
seriously trying just not to be like can
you please pan over and see all this
that's going on look all clear the
freeway is oh my goodness clear just one
Prius and another little minivan all
it's so clear now it is so now you can
see the real relationship that gia has
at me I try to warm my heart up yes
sentimentality I stayed with my hey yo
keep walking with my wife and she
doesn't even share the same experience
that I had
Hey I apologized before I did anything
else I said I'm sorry
but this is his situation Stevie cooked
up Braun for 24 hours for nothing what I
thoroughly enjoyed his you call the
pasta you call the pasta and you think
the LA traffic is more important than
its cooking no I think the best thing
alive is more important also our lives
are more important than his 18-hour
person absolutely this took us Oh many
many years
this point you know what do you ever
want have fucking sex again no I just
want you to give me a blowjob oh do you
bet do you want those yeah and you need
a fucking pecuniary now your negative
blowjobs negative blowjobs that just
means that you got a sucker no ass that
me exactly winning means I'm is my dick
has to suck your mouth yeah you need
that
I just put my dick on your lips no suck
on it like that
and he was wearing my shoes and she was
looking fucking haha well with your
juggler name be I have to come back why
did you decide to uh keep your shirt all
buttoned up I mean I'm button
this was Casey's idea Oh Casey daddy
will be dope to show my stomach and my
chains and like let it fucking hang
loose yeah what was that
