it's not beautiful people about to get
my day started it kind of ready started
a bit went to the gym this morning um
and I normally like getting up making my
bed but when shit gets kind of crazy it
looks like this and it drives me nuts
I hate when my bed is not made at the
end of the day when I come home and I
just want to unwind it's just I feel
like my life is just out of control
and my bed is a physical manifestation
of that so my life is fucking out of
control right now but um I'm gonna do
some a couple prop shopping because
we're gonna shoot a jkf skit for you
guys semi skit it's really cool um and
I'll just kind of show you what what the
elements are and what I'm going to do to
put this thing together so I'm really
excited to share with you guys the
producing process and the producing side
of JK film skits you're gonna be like
what this is cool okay all right just
got into the office and this is usually
the ritual we all come in if no makeup
yeah hey come on I don't have any on now
right now yeah I'm a good one but you
don't know and that's usually what we do
it's like on shoot days for the most
part we tried to come with makeup on but
shit just happens and we know makeup is
only gonna take us like ten minutes long
so we're just like fuck it we can save
these ten minutes and do some other shit
at home and then what we get here we'll
just do a makeup real quick so this is
usually a ritual in office how do you do
your makeup what do you use half because
of you I started using my photobooth
thing well the screen can see yeah I
could see it yeah so you taught me that
this is the easy marriage so I'm like it
is the only thing that it sucks for is
gonna try and do my eyeliner there's a
delay so I can't uh I don't have that I
have this wait how do you have Photo
Booth
I don't know I have a have you updated
it Oh down here tonight why do Julie's
face everytime Oh true I can't zoom into
that it's not happening oh there it is
what up Julie's on
yeah she as we know her yeah every time
I go down here always here I'm like hey
Julie you forget you're there yeah
pretty cool yeah and then this is my
technique so I'll do this but then hold
up let me remove what's on my screen cuz
you guys like to be nosy fuck hold on oh
I have this little mirror here and then
I purposely got this foldy kind so that
I could do this so then out but a bang
but a boom
that's what I do what's your makeup
method Julia
so it's rooms like here yeah she's um
the one out in the hallway or just use
the one that comes with Oh like to make
up your foundation yeah oh you're not
very fancy mm-hmm yeah you're practical
everything everything is pretty easy but
I feel like I take forever especially
when I do the eyeliner mm-hmm cuz that's
what sets everything it does because if
you're as crooked then the rest of your
days fucked up it is I'd enjoy in a very
business important business meeting
right now very important but look what
the fuck is happening oh I should come
out of a funny shoot man look at this
you got shit all right is this your real
business meeting yeah
Michael he was shot at me it so cute
Michael closes both of his eyes what
yeah yeah yeah you got to see his face
he squinted both eyes look at his look
at his eyes look Michael open your eyes
look at Joe I mean the good part his
eyes are open
oh I want to play too
oh you sharpen up PvP huh
what is shitbag you got to see the way
Michael shoots he closes his eyes like
both of his eyes are closed you look
laughing you look like you're in pain
and we're just yelling that's so funny
so there's they're conducting business
while shooting pellets and then Michael
has to pick up all the posts ha ha so
pyre in here actually wrote the script
and now these are some of the props that
we have to do that like separate a bunch
of cereal with like some Hospital tools
we're gonna make like a little meth lab
all your idea that wasn't my idea I'm
just gonna read a person
oh geez idea I'm not a writer dude read
that shit before I'm a visual person all
right god that's still form of writing
what are you gonna do now I'm gonna
separate the marshmallows from the oils
are the marshals gonna go here I think
so I don't know does it is like the
powder gonna fall okay that's hilarious
yes here we go start with the
marshmallows separate the hose so you
know what else it that was pretty weird
this box looks 70s fun I could have fuck
is bad I could have sworn he was more or
is it a throwback I guess I don't know
how he looks cuz he wasn't good more
like three yeah I thought he was cuter
never recognized that this one looks
racist I got it's racist look at him
he's more leprechaun like I don't know I
feel like you judged me cuz I'm Mexican
it took I think I should help you okay
please help me Gio
alright so here is one of the scenes
that Byron and I put together it's just
like a meth lab of separated
marshmallows and little toast oats and
then the boss will be sitting right
there and just watching everyone
you see and jewelry now is in the middle
of the scene I'm gonna show you guys
thank you
the syringe broke oh that's like it
Kenny can I get you to like kind of fall
to the floor
okay like to slide all the way just
watching and watching today till your
later on for look at everyone I'm gonna
reach out we oughtta thank you we're not
over this is great um this is great then
you put more product in and work this is
great how do you feel being in your
underwear for you yeah always what's the
thinking about I'm like Disney I'm
hungry I'm like this like a solid sure
mess in our person look at this fucking
crazy bastard over here I got this looks
like a character you've been dying to
play for a minute fuck you look up to
cockroaches I feel it heralds real
fuckin cockroaches let me have you look
at that man but I'm getting you have
like except the Asian air we're gonna
find have to fill it out a little bit
more make him look a little bit more
aggressive by the psychosis no Josh
zombie I'm just - Josh you look like the
lunch lady
Thanks okay
everyone can blame Bard
goddamn it baron you know the naked part
wasn't my idea though lorros idea was it
then I think it was barks my idea wasn't
my idea also everybody's naked and then
I was like maybe - what's going based
off of your idea
don't be so it's like you know when you
put the naked part I'm imagining be
naked butt naked makes it much better
yeah it was your idea just the drugs boy
that's a good boy oh yeah you guys know
what Tommy's nipples look like yeah
Michael's nipples look like oh yeah
that's what the homie please nipples shy
shy shy about his netbook Shh how's
Joe's mustache I got fucking hair just
right around my nipples just right
around the ring oh that's good
Danny Geoffrey camera lens does black
top opium or bra or Brahma they change
it teach are not even original this
one's original how did it feel having a
bunch of minions and shouting all these
orders to them and sitting above
everyone else feels like a dream come
true
well we're drug lord named B I have to
come back
hahaha why did you decide to uh keep
your shirt all buttoned up
I mean I'm button this was Casey's idea
Oh Casey Daria will be dope to show my
stomach and my chains and like let it
fucking hang loose yeah what was that
technique you did to fluff up your tummy
I earlier my tummy was like that so I
fucking lift at this bitch and then I
let it flop over the belt like that flop
over there that's perfect and then you
slow it right flop over the belt push
out slouch and that motherfucker get big
okay ready gonna run your lines one more
time go people to shut up and obviously
starters we hit a quiet on the set quite
a set please everyone's in their
underwear still look
just a sports bra shorts you're gonna
die
just like that
piece of shit the stupid shit we do when
fucking maniac has an idea and it
fucking happens look at this mr. maniac
I don't know you this guy this guy's a
maniac right here look at Lucky Charms
on his nipples if you get lucky
they Barnes the media guys for sure he's
fucking crazy oh yeah you guys to
YouTube
you guys follow through we're all so
crazy though after I shoot
doing the chef's Thank You Louis water
that's all bar legs water I'm assuming
that's it okay I really like we should
not flavor of the mid me too and so like
the brats are really good
the kimchi one the most but then the
meat tastes like king she had me I love
the flavor of me oh me too
China from Canada I think if I have shop
for everyday I need you like three times
in one week I probably start to defrost
switch it up load the car really like
the flavor for me I don't think you
would you're such a meat lover that's me
too I'm right there with you you have
too much testosterone in my body and you
think you lose it when you'll avoid the
dangers that's right oh you do that's
true it's not make things fun I'm such a
figure to me if it just miss baby face
such a whore murder
you can barely grow up here like here
it's all patchy right there I don't have
follicles in there is that what it is
it's not a lack of testosterone cuz I
thought a lot of the hair wasn't symbols
to make sure this thank you yes but
that's one indicator
deep voice deep voice but also uh how
much uh questions and one has to look at
how CUNY am look at that
oh so cute me I do this with funny oh so
cute
oh you like that fine holes came dude I
don't want this is my least favorite
what is this Joe Lazo Joe orders a plate
of justice whatever the hell it is
write in the comments let me know what
this is I don't know what it is says
office I don't like it it of jouvens
I don't like this everything else is
pretty well so that getting all my
veggies and I like drawing I like
picking them up with my hands after I
wash them of course and I like putting
it all in there all at once so I could
eat heard biased
and my Topher
and usually comes with a peanut sauce
and upon success but I have to get to
ponzu sauce just like paw bear - I mean
unlike the peanut sauce I love the
peanut sauce oh I don't like it though I
love the peanut sauce it's just what I'm
gonna try it I just get the ponzu I'm
not on a diet now but it's got so used
to it I love that's all no we know
you're not on a diet
I love the ponzu something that's
awesome especially at the Chinese hot
blonde places oh they make it really
well yeah they're good but the one is
your selfie shot which is like the
flavor of the meat and the peanut sauce
is too strong it covers the flavor of
the meat well the Chinese ones it's
meant to be insanely flavorful
that's why oh no I'm a pretty Thole
person when it comes to flavors I'm not
a big foodie how do you do it oh you do
the same thing I do yeah and you don't
like that stuff either
no yeah buy this over here yours is
already on cooking already you're gonna
switch no is it 10:15
oh it's keto time I just revealed to run
that after certain hour I go really
weird and I think she felt really
comfortable that we do stopping all I
gotta pull what time it was
she's like she told that she was King
Taco Time like whoa what do after hours
yeah well we're all the sugar which is
to her brain and she just like well I'm
happy I'm happy I influenced you
alright we did what did we talk about
today talk about apparel
we got a samples of our new line oh
where are they were they oh shit it's
ready of what what what feel anything
yeah there's a bunch of stuff in there
and I can't wait to show you guys this
would be really really cool
are you excited for it oh yeah
oh snap maybe Rocky each and ever
I'm so excited I know I wish I could
show you guys I'm gonna show you
everything should be like waiting but
this P but this and they're just like
model and show you and just like play
some music in the background and that
starts shredding you're like give you
guys poses but I can't not yet but soon
it's gonna be really fucking epic and
cool can't wait how come both of you
guys are in your fucking underwear you
look naked from this angle during your
work you look like a man or two
what happened to you something yeah no I
like arched it really it was like one of
these things it was like arch like crazy
answer for the Keith Bishop as far away
so would you through it
I caught it but then it went through my
hand away did it hurt he had I explained
that in the workout yesterday why he's
like daughter it's like no it's not
steroids cute ideas really managed to
the keys on me why are you talking shit
is this for fun don't scare fun fun
times we get the new office so the
puppies could be with me I know I can't
wait to get that little house take a two
storey little house you know office yeah
it's like this big and like we're gonna
put that be
I don't know figure it out yeah do you
not know these guys oh man did you see I
finally put it up it's been a minute ago
oh you never mentioned anything
I made this you did it's great side of
make sure everyone sees what you did I
put it out in the living room where
everyone could see it I like Ren cuz
she's so sweet looking but she's a
fucking asshole and I love that about
her of course I went Axl
cuz I did like those yeah hey put some
pants on you put some pants on these are
shorts she's wearing shorts up she don't
worry know your shit see through see
through because of holes not because the
fun you're cute as ears are gonna eat
baby
oh hi Ricky yeah
so it's 10:30 ish what's wrong
I was just sitting there on what do you
want to talk about it you wanna help no
you don't you don't say I need an
intervention
your loved ones come up with the
intervention what the hell he's like in
the lonely corner oh I just needed some
help Jerry's in my car isn't that back
ok ok
yeah I was gonna say I'll help you for
sure but I was gonna say my night is I
think coming to an end um tomorrow is JK
news day and I kind of look forward to
it cuz it's just a whole day of just
being funny with my friends um say I
really do look forward to JK music you
know of the double hand technique no but
I'm pretty sure you're gonna let us know
go down in the revenue is Department oh
babe babe can you share with everyone
you're fuckin awesome dream you had the
best fucking dream the Tupac last night
I had the craziest dream ever so first
of all imagine a world of these type of
colors it's purple yellow blue green
imagine a Hawaii sunset that's the color
palette of the dream that I had that's
first of all second of all the dream is
narrated by a ice cube and Tupac
children's book so it starts off okay if
my dream was the movie it starts off
with this book and it just opens I got Y
and then the pages start flipping then
it's written in like children's like
hand handwriting here like what it's too
possible it's it's like it's all like to
pause dollar boo boo boo boo boo that
ice cube and then uh and I'm wondering
when they get to like slang like this is
one thing that they kept saying like
slaughter son chance I'm sure like that
you told us like yeah like stupa
champagne or something it was like slang
I've never been heard of but then
they'll go to the back where there's an
appendix and it tells you what that's
like me they're not one was when you
spoon you up when you boil wheat in
water take the boiled wheat water and
put it on a napkin oh my god is all
dream he dreamt about this is some
fucked up shit going on in your head by
the way
wow this this frickin children's song is
being wrapped by Ice Cube and to puck
the head on the cliff and was a Meghan a
fox and a pit bull and they're getting
married and then there's a short like
Cuban like dark-skinned bald shiny head
Cuban guy that was American and the pit
bull grabs his head and kiss his
forehead ago daddy
like the crazy I love it that the qyx
the extent of your Spanish Valley the
swirls in the dream yeah crazy
motherfucker I swear you're crazy
how much is my dream that what do you
mean that's exactly why you're crazy cuz
there's some weird shit going on in your
head I don't have dreams like that yeah
they do suck did you come see my dreams
hey shady life in reality no bar lives a
crazy life in reality today was having a
business meeting right so that I'd be
like a legitimate business meeting and
then uhm out in the middle of nowhere
they start sitting up like these candles
so it'll be like a death like this and
they start setting up candles they bust
out an airsoft gun and then they start
shooting the the candles are up so it's
electronic handles oh no we're just want
to see like how fast we can like like
should chew chew chew them down but
they're like it's like a legitimate
business like a business fucking meeting
like they're talking about numbers and I
don't know he has a loser oh I can't
wait to do this video no it's in the
water in the meeting she was talking
everyone oh yeah you ply your gun and
then it has to mean obviously
back Hey get the shit okay
and true Oh me right here coming through
with the late-night grubs with all me
King taco burrito carne asada baby would
you get little tubby
what's a tubby Tubbs back right there
that guy right there I got a sulfate
hold on let me show them what the Tubbs
is right there oh god that's ridiculous
I'm sucking it in right now suck it out
just kidding that's up okay
got a scintilla he's a denim Alera some
soaps soap below token pine apps why not
I'll find out what is it everything you
ever dreamed of mm-hmm
just smelling each other tampon smells
everything forever takin care of each
other
look Fung can get a little obnoxious
nothing yeah cuz I she'll press her nose
against you just sniff forever and
you're like dude stop Oh yesterday she
just went to the bottom line II can't I
just pushed it hard for Nora Jesus
that's it like her nose was bending
backward ha ha ha
weird hooker hey guys thanks so much for
watching this episode was actually
brought to you guys by audible.com and
for those of you that don't know
audible.com is the number one leading
provider in audio books and for those of
you that don't know what audiobooks are
it's literally that ebooks that you can
listen to so I personally like using the
service just because I'm always always
always in the car if you haven't noticed
via these vlogs um so it's always the
best to listen to audiobooks do you have
anything that you doesn't do um
sometimes sometimes I like listen to
Game of Thrones or sometimes like I like
listen to like more of those
organizational like self-help or
entrepreneurial type books like one of
my favorites is start with y by simon
Sinek and it really breaks it down and
you know a lot of times I'm travelling
and for some reason every time I get on
the plane and I want to read a book I
fall asleep but I notice that if I'm on
the plane and I put the headphones and I
listen to a book that I actually can
stay awake and pay attention something
about using my eyes on the plane that
makes me really sleepy
yeah really drowsy another really cool
thing about audible.com is that they
have a hundred and eighty thousand
different titles to choose from and
that's like from fiction to nonfiction
to periodicals so make sure to go ahead
go to audible.com and
and an because you're watching this
right now we are hooking you guys up
with the free 30 day subscription just
go to audible.com slash T oh gee oh
thanks guys bye oh and he was wearing my
shoes black 11 and she was looking for
me what do you have to say to that that
was a real bully okay that is so Josh
Josh was being paid to say that
no boy sir I am Josh
