yes I'm right here what are you doing
one bad writing a check for David
because he's selling some equipment and
like the true homie he is he hit us all
up
and he was like um who wants first dibs
on a shit about to sail and then I was
like oh right hair me so that's what he
did why are you buying I trust
another camera that that it looks
exactly like the one I have but it's um
a newer generation yeah so I when once
David puts it on the market I'm like
fuck yeah cuz David really really takes
care of all of his electronics or just
his equipment just everything yes he
really takes care of it and the one that
I currently have you used to own and now
on is fucked up it sounds like there's
sand every time I open it like the the
lens comes on it's all like rusty and
it's just it's weird
oh so I never even sold you my camera so
you owe me money too I just gave it no
job no that's not worth it okay yeah
it's a married blow job that's a disco
yeah blow job should be free no matter
what 10 load up no they should be free
although should be free I want money
yeah fine that's why I give it to you as
I never charge you you just said I'm
gonna I'm gonna give you the underwater
housing - how much is that
that's freedom's give why I mean there's
no point in having it he's just nice
like that I know but then I'm nice too
cuz I said how much is that so that I
can take it off a census I know he can't
use anymore but I don't want free shit
because I know why honey why you selling
on your camera stuff David because I'm
gonna buy a new camera
no I meant I wasn't gonna spend any
money on new shit on new camera shit but
that doesn't count if I get rid of the
stuff I don't use it
David your goals aren't gonna work if
you find your own loopholes - your only
goals fuckin genius is the point is is
that I'm still saving money I'm not
that was the whole point of it in the
first place so that's the ultimate
mackerel goal you're saving my other so
what
camel are you trying to get then I don't
know yet so but there are going to be do
things coming out but if I I don't need
these I don't use it you know that's why
you don't need half the stuff that you
have and you don't need half the stuff
that's coming out either yes I do
what do you need no no this is a camera
that I want this coming out it's only
nine hundred bucks so if I saw this I
saw my a 7s and I also saw my a a 5100
yeah what lenses so I just came out here
and I new camera this coming out like a
ton of us what camera is that it's an a
6300 micro so it essentially just 7s2
does it shoot soup or cake shoots an S
lob to me but it's an aps-c sensor
camera um it doesn't have image
stabilization having that kind of button
ah it's really compact and uh it's just
a fun toy to have so it's that upgrade
for my a 5100 which I just sold oh I'm
buying you guys name is bomb like it
well god are you gonna get I told myself
I'm not making any big purchases until
March
why what's happening at March Joe hi
Maya
well I don't know because the person is
rushing me because I'm meeting a private
seller so technically in my mind it's
March but on Saturday I'm gonna get a
pistol okay
how come you set a goal for March though
because I spent too much money and
December November oh that's not too much
but then I need to pay the bills but
January and February look i recoup so
maybe they're not margins that is
awesome okay good morning IRA coming - I
love this guy supposed to
oh it's a leather case all you do like
those type of cases yeah that's nice
gooping is like if you're on the go
you're shooting a lot you just just take
off the top piece and then just have it
a David brought some breakfast to look
at this yeah you're shitting I'm so
excited I feel like I have a new camera
yeah it is based on some less parts it
is on top when he gave it to me saw
dentist cuz I usually actually use that
shit navigated to all the stuff uses
it's brand new
no I use used it I was vlogging every
day with that stuff I was logging every
day with that stuff believe me baby
Oh David made spam musubi that looks
yummy or looks jacked up I bet it's
yummy you know in Japan like when I saw
you walk around to be like yeah don't
you like you don't watch out when you
talk about just tap did you get so
fucking strong I was just walking by
here and then everyone knows this is
excuse me and let me get through excuse
me some like oh that's him just being
fucking again befall again and not
little shit over sorry my bad talking
and he I'm fine not that but what is
this Julia why why did you make this
thing right here I mean if you talk
about actually wanted to make it for you
guys before a Valentine's Day yeah to
show that is the truth or no true story
listen really no we went to cookie con
right and then she I was like oh what is
this shit she goes it's Vanilla's for
begging although are you good at baking
and she goes yeah like that's funny
because we've never we've never had we
never tried any of this she goes well
well I'll make you some you're always on
a diet I like that's bullshit I'm never
on a diet now I am I never knew you were
good at baking no I'm okay of baking I
never said I was good at oh she is good
at looks at mom though
look at this that looks like it came
from like one of those Chinese bakery or
something I know kongou bum down thank
me online mmm do you want me to just cut
it up into pieces
yeah we're just taking that right
you ruin it no you're not you're not the
plate is just yeah that's not even
baking right cuz you're not making
anything you're just putting it together
or do you bake some no I made the crust
and then I made the custard all the way
wait you owe the crust you couldn't you
can put the crust Nate I know
lovin Josh oh so I made it with a flour
eggs Oh has she been a prop crust too
much trickle and then you get the
filling or you just make the custard
yeah and you put that in and then you
arrange it
I didn't that's the lazy way that's the
way I would do it but you man
she made her own crust I guess dude I'm
gonna make you guys this local I may get
a piece of your brushes yeah yeah he's
so loco moco dude someone broke it
someone broke the whole crust off that
locomotive
yes so you mean that at home yeah so I
made a the the gravy with um cremini
mushrooms caramelized onions garlic and
then um smoked bacon and then I
caramelized a super Brown and then I got
some beef stock with it but I like the
steams
salt content is from white miso soy
sauce and then I added a little bit of a
mirror in there what imiren miren
yeah it has like a like a little bit of
that you know that little mommy like
miso taste yeah yeah I mean the Japanese
hamburger with it they don't get a cake
was actually ate for dinner last night I
made it for my friend Ray Oh fight it if
I can't fit into the macros that sounds
bomb though you're doing so fun just me
in G LS command Joe have this one yeah
but I'm in the mood to make eating so
you wanna try some of Julia's tarp yeah
we're never gonna eat our food
well I don't know there's gonna be cake
today you know how much I love cake I'm
gonna say f you do my macros today for
you what no David II half of it eat half
of it he half David don't don't give up
on her macros all job I'll talk during
the break
oh how about this you eat that whole
thing I'll double your workouts on
Friday I have a little piece of this
i'ma have a mic like a double your
workout easily kill my house is yummy
okay you have to be on try some can feed
me good is it anything with custard
enterprise-class is so bomb it's so good
she seemed order on hmm
I'm good bye I'm home I always said we
ate too much you're gonna be doing like
burpees I'm here for your success David
you're go away
okay with this look over here what is it
me hey hey pulling a fast one are you I
know if I'll ever know let's go three of
them like right here Oh 400 for what
order you shooting Kendall first about
this this year they can another word
okay shooting as they're going oh you
get like ready yep did you order I shall
never let me get a rice a BBQ almost
obstacle huh oh yes you wanna bitch like
Chinese vessels are a bitch
that was like 45 seconds
I'd be my best was I'll say 40 I'm
knocked out like six of them in like
under fuck and out of buzz how come you
guys are crying oh why come you guys are
crying though for a shorter period no I
know but what's the reason why you're
talking about relationships and breakups
and that this kind of opened a Pandora's
box you are cosmic and like this really
dark place that we just kind of want to
leave in the past and then so like the
old memories kind of just resurfaced a
little bit yeah and then you start
thinking about like the good times and
then that leads up into the breakup part
of it and then just how you felt in that
moment and then in that moment is like
present you're like yeah that's really
powerful I wish I could do that for like
acting sometimes when I act it's like a
lot of y'all a method actor either so
they try to think back into the past of
a certain time but it's really hard for
me to to get really sad you're also not
a very emotional person I'm so emotional
you know emotion I am because I know I
motional your I make that statement I'm
so emotional I'm so sensitive yeah we
ordered a food we ordered food already
I checked out already what what do you
think about I'm crying just did you see
it coming I'm crying no it was it was
theirs
when you were recording them that
sounded like hype them universe in that
room our version of this part of the
story guys vent it's more like out of
angst and like oh yeah fuck that bitch
or whatever right for you guys it went
into like a more of a girls like to
victimize themselves I think that's I
mean it's it sounds wrong but yeah
that's pretty true what are you talking
about what happened why were you crying
fuck I was trying to give you piracy but
bar came up I do mean you actually had
manners this gonna invasives do you like
a fucking table but seriously what
happened wanted to know what happened
but you told me to meet and then belly
more so that I was like well he's gonna
come down gonna come well the question
was when I gave them all was what what
is the worst break if you've ever
Princeton oh you had a little moon and
yeah I guess I mean I didn't know I was
gonna go down fully have one separate
bad be there hope that bitch cuz I'll
just all I know is I just turned the
camera this way and she just started
crying and I was like whoa I thought
this was just kind of films not just
kidding cry okay guys gotta keep
recording fine okay I don't want to ruin
a guy's momentum hi my ready out of here
ballin why are you firing my right Byron
told me he need a stat done get a
breather Byron why are you crying - I've
already did a resurface yeah how do you
research this old memories because wow I
can relate too much she was talking I
don't be a bitch bitch right now call me
out god then I go bitch if I want no no
no that's the wrong thing it goes out
not a bitch did you can't say you want
to be a bitch about being yourself so
I'm embracing myself because that is
Simone yeah I realize I thought myself I
had made a cry motherfucker
I don't cry so you see you're a bitch
then you said you're a bitch you're not
afraid of be one no yeah don't worry
about it don't worry about it
lots of weird shit yeah guys you gotta
cry on it Oh homie you with my dick your
sock is weird I don't know you're gonna
love this shit yay our catering came who
got low low hot Singapore's now from
ocelli oh I did I got filet mignon with
white rice my bear oh now we'll open it
oh you killed the whole band cool
that's how stuff gets told me here's one
this Chinese food today for lunch Stan I
believe so and this is Robin I guess
yeah cause it's almost you think I'll
the thick ramen right yeah in my palace
I didn't get no ramen yeah I got rice
though can somebody open this one
vegetable I think that's uh David
barbecue oh that's right Aang that's why
I gotta get that next time what was that
called joke barbecued duck
oh hey barbecue pork then a Friday you
got to add the Friday that looks bomb
ramen rice who got ramen someone got
ramen when I get a chance danacarr looks
fresh though I also got some pepper
chicken wings
hell yeah I love that we're together
when you get that sugar like who got
melty
I got a milk t-shirt you see Bulgaria's
I - Congo - typically how come I got
Hong Kong milk tea to see the city plus
it might be you got long Tong meal it's
on man oh thank you okay I'll come
outside trying to find your waffle place
waffle place I don't waffle whoa
oh no it's you the Belgian waffle oh I
don't know
hey what's up ty man I was in the middle
of recording
oh yeah obviously yeah a little minute
let's do it sweet you want around here
yeah actually working over there oh cool
what you asked over there we wholesale
parts uh for for repairs oh don't know
we're two vendors cool man what you have
a good leg right all minute I mean here
all right well yeah fuck yeah right one
right because wonton noodle soup
my salt and pepper chicken wings come
where's Brandon Brandon yes Singapore I
shouldn't know I know
yeah my food came we just got out of
just kidding news today we had a
freaking marathon just cuz we had to
film just kidding films two episodes in
the middle of just kidding news and it
is 12 o'clock at night we shot 60 just
kidding news videos today and also we
shot two videos for JK films and I am so
freakin exhausted this is like one of
the longest film marathons that we've
ever had and right now we're still kind
of experimenting with the content on JK
films but I think we're really liking it
it's funny it's personal and we get to
share a very intimate part of our lives
with you guys and the content is dope
business overall filmmaking is creative
you know but uh it's really hard when
we're trying to combine two things at
once like we usually do just kidding
news and that's tiring already when
you're trying to knock down like 40
topics to 40 to 50 topics on its own
that's already really tiring
now we add in another shoot in the
middle of it's like adding to workflows
it's like trying to work a full-time job
while trying to take care of your baby
the whole day is really hard but I love
what we do so at the end of the day I'm
exhausted but I still got a big-ass
smile and I'm trying to stay awake as I
Drive to get a little bit food to eat
before I knock the F out and what's
really cool is all our JK news editors
they're down as bitches like these
motherfuckers they still rolled in so
they come and pick up footage right
after we're done because we try to keep
the topics fresh so as soon as we
finished shooting the same day they come
and pick it up so that we can already
start pumping out the edits especially
if the news is current because we want
you guys to get the news ASAP or at
least the topics ASAP so we tried our
best and these guys are down as bitches
cuz they all came in at 12:30 so yep
that's it
I'm gonna call it a night here I'm
fuckin exhausted and I hope I get some
food and knockout what do you have to
say to that those are the real bullying
you're kidding that is so Josh Josh was
being paid to say that new break I am
Josh
