what's up beautiful people sorry if I
scared you there for those of you with
headphones on just got home from the gym
I don't know workout was cool feel a lot
stronger feel like my jeans are coming
back I look like death all in black
today okay and one of my favorite things
when I come home honestly see if I can
show you is when I get home and I see
these guys seriously my favorite mamonde
justic furry lions look at the Lions
oh so aggressive Oh be careful they're
gonna kill you
careful now they mean business they're
not nice
look at how aggressive they are whoa
fine don't bark don't kill us
dang they are seriously the chillest
dogs ever but as soon as I get home I
have to come back here and visit them
even though they can come in like I
leave this window open for them like
they can come in any time but they
choose to be out in about sometimes
they're here but for the most part
they'll be out here like sunbathing like
cute little cute little seals what's
crazy look hear me hold on hold on hold
on oh hold on
it's cuz I'm on a hill done I had to
adjust to be outside hold
what happened whoa what happened
threw the key at me then I went through
my stomach
how scary how did that happen I don't
know I just think it'd do it really hard
with a lot of hate and I just kind of
went yeah I looped it to you I don't but
you did I it was like a rainbow arch I
think you doing one of the softball
throws up watch I didn't do that
what the heck how did that happen I love
you I want to tattoo my love on your
body
why do you have to tell me why do you
think I have to know or why do you think
the room has to know that you have to
take a dump
why do you think the room has to know
why you have to take a dump
I'm letting you know so that you know
what I am like no I am all the time I do
that's a secret yeah when I take a dump
somewhere really big ass and I don't
want to have a freaking brown submarine
traveling through and busting through
the freaking coral reef Canyon I thought
there's a left of one butt cheek and
then I thought this lifts up another
budget I spread my butt cheeks oh my god
it's not uncomfortable does it feel like
a puzzle is gonna rip yeah but then at
least because my ass is so big if I
travel all the way through can you if
you imagine like it's gonna smear the
whole fucking thing
why do you have to tell me these things
in case you need to use the same
technique my ass is not nearly as huge
as yours what was that
what
you're wrong oh god that guy so nasty
yes home now
oh god no bed no this is my favorite oh
dang how come how come we just can't
take naps like after every task we
complete maybe like a task that we do
for about two or three hours let's just
take a nap let's just take a nap I know
let's just take a nap that's equally as
long I'm down with that
hi I'm at the JK office now letting my
hair air-dry
I think cuz I bleached it so much it
looks like hey I put some argan oil in
it so it doesn't feel so dry but ladies
if you want to beat your hair is what
you can look forward to a lot of dry
ends ah I'm gonna go to 7-eleven later
look at Bart Quan what okay paw bear
miss PJs why why not what gives you the
idea that I was gonna go to 7-eleven
you just had a 7-eleven type face on no
I don't think I was gonna leave this
room until I had my money didn't give me
like a big thing or orange juice you
feel that sick no I just I just wanna be
Odion Oh vitamin C what would you do if
I wasn't here just suffer
but now that you are hearing so good you
see how am i coming here you always make
me do stuff for you no you just have a
7-eleven look if you didn't have that
some another look I don't know
fine fine I'll go fuck and you like I
like didn't get her a little me what's
wrong with you
I look cute bronchitis there's nothing
cute about you I'm fucking cutest shit
alright so guess where I'm at
freaking 7-eleven trying to find him
orange juice
with the frack
my plan didn't work I was gonna walk in
and then make them feel a little bit
guilty but they were on a conference
call so I just had to hand it to this
look in here hmm anyway back to work all
right
so josh is here hi what are you doing
Josh I am reading the script while
waiting for a bar encases to come here
for a video that should go up soon yeah
and what's this video about that without
giving too much away this video is a
video dedicated to me about you about
the charming miss
of the good old Josh yes whatever we're
playing most of the JK party games I was
watching a video with you in it
five-second rule or no pipe to get
movies yeah and do you remember um what
movie was it oh god I gotta look it up
now no no it was another movie but you
said oh this is a new version of
American hustle but then you gave me
like oh no like oh no I okay I had to
pull it out like pink which ones I got
to pull it out I found the video it's
this one and if you want to revisit this
guys this is what it's called it's
called ten-second movies challenge okay
let me make it bigger so you guys could
see and now I just want to watch your
reaction when you say what you say so
licious leave this here will just be
this year does that work no I just see
this here does that work no what the
hell all right I'm gonna hold it all
right you ready for this Josh all right
this is what you did okay three two one
current version of American hustle oh my
God look at look at look at the movie Oh
there's no reason why actually watching
the movie was the the clue was Ocean's
eleven all right now I got to show them
I got to show them what you just did
this is awesome bird this is why you're
the shit Josh this is why we love war
them bushes how bad version of American
hustle oh that no then just I'm right
just start with that okay all right this
is a video to one current version of
American hustle I love your hands hooks
fit into your hands you gave no more
clues look at your hands Ocean's eleven
stealing Bellagio that's what you're
fucking awesome
you're like a really smart guy and you
get shit done when it comes to time to
stuff like you panic and you're like the
that's why I'm so excited I know that's
why I like putting you under pressure
and I like time games because you're
gonna crack and it's the best shit ever
because then you do the hand thing I'm
like yeah but you don't give any clues
cuz I'm so sick that the clue I gave it
will just like everyone will know
nothing about but in the way it's just
like no like fuck all the will say you
know is the banking on this one
that's what go funny may be a good rule
of thumb now for future is just think of
three three to five different
alternatives just in case they don't get
it yeah what I don't know it's up to you
um also you hit us up yesterday and
you're telling us about something that
you just launched do you want to tell my
fans about what you just launched yeah
so yesterday or more so like a week ago
I just launched my own channel called
Joshua Jose oh seven I tried to make a
new
name within some reason the custom URL
for YouTube it was kind of weird so I
just had to use the current name I had
for my channel so I'm that channel I'm
going to be uploading a lot of blogs
cool just like more personal talks just
to look my fans get to know me so yeah
nice so no more blue balls and or blue
balls know that no more
never again cool I can't wait it well
yeah go ahead and check out his vlog um
channel cuz I'm sure there's gonna be a
lot of LA o other than just stuff that's
future so cool you guys are the dumbest
ever you guys just spent like ten minute
win yep yep yep creating this crazy
stupid scenario how josh is gonna smack
people and then you byron kept saying
like yep thanks for taking my advice and
they kept it all in the same tone never
cracking a laugh or smile what the hell
did I just witness normal conversation
yo you know what though I've been
listening to Josh talk to you he's
really me I've never seen this side of
you judge oh my god you should watch the
video it's just insane what videos I
love me but Josh meeting house being
this it's all God wait I can't say that
huh
you can oh this will come out later okay
so there's a Josh video coming out and
then josh is generally nice talking
about everybody else but then at the end
I'm like okay so the JK crew pretty much
puts up with your stupidity and then he
and then he just pauses and he's just
like what the fuck did you just say my
rank what did you say you were using and
then he starts a cursing me out of shit
like fuck you so it's like throwing low
blows and shit huh yeah we're like you
still the chin doesn't fuck your mother
fuck
laughing Josh josh Josh josh Josh Josh I
love you fucking worse than you I make a
man go down me oh oh no sir sir oh don't
do this sir I'll be up to Luke that day
of getting my homie but he Pat's Adrian
he jumped off a helicopter and I'm
finish in for real yeah helicopter
