oh is this the fs5 oh that's pretty sick
so we're renting out cameras because um
we want to up the production on the
barber brigade YouTube channel we're
really trying to turn that into a into
like a legit brand channel so something
like Nike or Reebok but we want to keep
it personal because you know when the
channels get to bei but when the brand's
get to big it loses that personal touch
it just feels very corporate what we're
trying to do is we're trying to combine
the the professionalism but with the
personal touch of like vice I think vice
does a great job of balancing that fine
line where you can tell the content that
they make is important to them like they
want to show these documentaries whereas
sometimes like the stuff that like a big
brand makes like Nike or like Red Bull
or something it's just a guy on a dirt
bike and it's flying through the sky but
that's amazing imagery but how
compelling is that content you know so
for us our goal is to have amazing
imagery coupled with really really dope
compelling content that we want to tell
especially related to fitness
powerlifting bodybuilding eating for
fitness in general and this is one of
the cameras that were renting to see if
we like it before we buy it this
motherfucker is actually hell expensive
this is a fs5 the body only I think it's
like five grand and we might need two of
these guys and these are all the
attachments that it comes with but this
didn't shoot 4k and also it cannot shoot
like 240 frames a second and for those
of you guys who don't know like film
terms that means you can do really
really slow motion super slow motion oke
we got some lenses so we're gonna be
testing this out when when are we
testing this stuff out today we aren't
you shooting the gym tour today oh yeah
okay I'll be shooting tonight and then
also tomorrow my work out you'll be
filming it right that's dope I also got
some packages that came in
I listen forget that or you miners home
this oh yeah that came in yesterday but
I was so tired so usually when I come
home and I get packages it's like
Christmas and I get really really happy
my pocket gets open it but yesterday I
was so tired that after I opened the
package and I saw what it wasn't even
though I was super excited I was like
open it later
so what this is it's a laser target
obviously that's what it says but I have
that boresight thing that little laser
thing I wasn't playing with in all the
vlogs and he put it inside my real gun
and I can shoot it like a games I can
practice shooting inside my house
without having to shoot bullets to
practice my accuracy so I'm really
excited about this if this is awesome
I'm gonna get a couple more and put it
out the office so when we start working
that I can also practice at the office
but I also got some packages here and
I've been ordering a bunch of stuff from
Amazon so these packages come in and I
don't even remember what I ordered
anymore so I'm actually pretty excited
and it's kind of cool because it does
catch me by surprise I get some hey
Merry Christmas and it is Merry
Christmas because I don't even know what
the fuck's in there even though I'm the
one who ordered it so let me see what
the hell is there I got this brown
package let me get my box opener
oh cool there's a teeth whitening ding
so Vani plan planets told me uh not to
sell me vanity planet said me is teeth
whitening which I'll probably do a video
on later cuz I you look at my teeth
that's fucking yellow these days
because I drink coffee for pre-workout
like every single morning so there's an
awesome I'll be doing a video on this
for sure what's in here
hopefully it's done stuff I get the most
excited for gut stuff that I've been
ordering a bunch of gun stuff yes
another laser trainer so this is the
thing that goes inside guns and I have
one nine-millimeter that can go inside
my sick but I need another nine little
near to go inside Gio's gun so that she
can train too so now we could both train
inside the house cuz I bother a block
the Glock 17 and now with the boat train
inside the house with there's a target
ran I actually bought one more and
that's for my a are waiting for that to
come too but it's on back order
yep I fucked up I'm late I'm supposed to
be at the office at 12:45 although we
don't start shooting until 1:00 I am
supposed to be there at 12:45 cuz that's
what it's called a call time and I'm
late and Jill texted me and she was like
hey now you can no longer say that
you're never late because you're always
late on JK Party days and I'm like you
know what you're a hundred percent right
and I fucked up so I hope she'll still
loves me because I wasn't trying to be
late I don't know why for some reason
when I'm given that extra time in the
morning when I don't work out that's
when I'm late it's so weird it's so
counterintuitive usually it's like the
busier you are the easier you are to be
late for me it's the complete opposite
the busier or the more relaxed I am the
easier I'm late because I think I have
no like sense of time reference there's
no parameters I'm just like oh I'm just
chilling you know this morning I was
just kicking it with the Dean walking
around petting the dog here and there
and then all of a sudden I'm like oh
shit out of you have example showered
all these things whereas when I got a
tight schedule
I wake up boom go to the gym workout
come back shower get food boom in the
office meetings bam bam bam bam so yeah
oh sorry babe and there's these cops
behind me so I gotta be extra careful
that I don't get pulled over
it all comes when I catch your rotten
dirty business for today's lunch
I got Taco Bell but the problem with
this is I order three steak soft tacos
and they gave me three ground beef ones
I wanted to crispy brown beef tacos but
they messed it up
oh well good thing I'm bulking because I
can afford to have all this fat but if I
wasn't bulking the Taco Bell you'd be in
trouble I don't need it steak I'm trying
to get proteins in here they're working
on the JK party games right now
and that's Joe dancing in the back oh so
Julia to pretend I've been sitting in
here and Jill is always late with the JK
party I'm while I sit here waiting the
whole time
Josh seen me the homie beliefs ain't me
Tommy got footage of me evidence of me
sitting here and Jill is late how can it
be so late babe I don't know everyone
should go watch Joe's video we know the
truth right job huh right Joe what truth
I'm here incriminating you nope I'm here
look I got evidence
funny good I gotta go practice
I keep drooling no you said trust you
see you cross episode thanks are smaller
I have to say on that one of those would
you sit next to alright lang we're
revisiting never have I ever but instead
of us how do you play that again
everyone has ten cards every time you've
done something you just put your card in
the middle oh yeah this is the game
where jaws never done shit before we all
had our hands this way but we played
that back in 2014
oh one so I found an app that's never
have I ever for real super random
questions yeah cuz then since we all
know each other so well I feel like
we're all just gonna call each other
because we're gonna say everything we
know he's never done it we've been
Josh's first for so many things popped
my cherry nice to know things the way
you play it for people that don't know
it's never have I ever and then I'll see
a theme so for example I'll say brought
poison ivy from having sex outdoors so
if you have done it and you have to put
a card in the middle cause this one's
saying I've never done it so if you've
never done it you keep your cards okay
this is a big Phil I was supposed to
print on it but the paper was too thick
so just all got stuck in the phony oh we
got so you got to pretend there's
something on there
ma zouri will never ever know we're just
supposed to be our logo Oh
yeah but I got chewed up so everyone
gets did you did you get it so when you
put a card in will you hear what you did
and you go I did I got poison ivy boom
we throw that shit in the middle I've
done everything I win you didn't all
right
I don't even help cards where's my cards
well you clean this shit off here oh
yeah right there I see it finally okay
Oh
one two three four five six seven oh
this is so bootleg did you design this
Miss late lady I'm just kidding the
printer this Kate I was late this
morning because Taco Bell is taking
forever your people's mop at 11:00 okay
okay please man you gotta love your
people's babe your people's Taco Bell is
lagging a hardcore they're not making
you or test people your people is
lagging a hardcore on me this morning
how do you know your people weren't
working cuz they had the same skin color
as you and we have the same skin color
do we really oh that's awesome
that means we're friends
Oh almost there everyone almost got it
what are you doing Tommy uh well earlier
I was looking for some new restaurants
spots for JK films call for a food
adventurous yeah reading that back
apparently what kind of food are you
looking for just anything all sorts are
we're doing from cheap food to maybe
some middle range food maybe some
high-end foods maybe downline but right
now what we're doing is trying to find
some local spots around here let's show
you guys to people in LA hey whatever is
visiting LA to check out and pretty
excited for this series back on the spot
did you find any food that I was like oh
that's pretty bomb yeah so person myself
I love food and I go in a lot of few
ventures of my friends outside of jk2
and so since we are recapping this whole
series
um I'm upon some stuff on the list for
Jake and Nicole Eden awesome where are
you up to right now
just something reddit Oh like trying to
figure out how not to lose that
basketball again you talk a bitch I'm
talking matches you know what killing
this shit you said I can take on part I
can take on Casey maybe I can take you
know like how good is Khalid you said
you said you could take say you said
Jason Chan suck that basketball today
when you said that I was iy Jason Chen
is really good at basketball I think
he's just really bad he's really good so
you think you could you think you could
take me at basketball you think you
could take Casey at basketball
you're I think you'd be a little bit of
a challenge but it'd be a good challenge
but I think I can so you think it'd take
me a hundred percent there based off
what when's the last time we played uh
uh here too a long time what if I've
been practicing this whole time you
don't even know how could it be so
confident I'm just pretty sure have you
been practicing
well I'm playing you know cuz I haven't
been practicing I like I think I stopped
because I'll still smash on you though
alright that's okay
and I want to see you play kgs I won't
play Casey why well I've never played
Casey or do you remember you played it
with him before look lady we stood lay
all the time I remember playing with you
Joe Cleve David no we played multiple
times at that one Catholic school that
private school we still like play in
there all the time in the park - yeah
the kylix law I remember only playing
like once or twice enough is it ok see
played all the time and you would come
all the time - yeah that was I only
played like once or twice I remember
actually playing whip yeah actually
remember key actually playing with you
did play the case if you don't remember
playing with I'm gonna have a rude
awakening because you're not gonna know
what his strengths are and you're not
gonna know his weaknesses are no and
that's the only way you can beat people
is if you know what they're good and
what they suck at oh I can't wait to
play what do you think are your
strengths in basketball what do you
think are your weaknesses in basketball
I'll find out does it make any sense
Oh Julia
yes oh they were playing a game yeah and
then this was like one of the most
interesting things I ever found out
about you yes okay now you tried anal in
high school haha yeah how did that come
about what do you eat uh you know yeah
like it's a really good question out to
think about it I think was it were you
like with her uh I'm assuming it's your
boyfriend right yeah at the time and
then who brought it up did you bring it
up were you curious or was he curious if
you use more curious and I was he was
more curious in Saul's like okay we can
just try it out cause it at that time I
was like well I felt like it was better
in in the but then it was like in the
vagina cuz I didn't do much research in
terms of like having safe sex so like
okay wall you mean he's dissing the bomb
I can get preggos what were you guys
doing it in the vagina already
no oh so you guys weren't even doing it
anywhere so you're just like well if
we're gonna do it I might as well put it
in a place that's gonna be safer for on
the birth control and so so the only
penetration that we had within our
relationship was just that one time and
it was
day like that's completely logical and
it makes sense but that's just so
hardcore but it's like hey you know like
I have some tylenol if you guys want to
do drugs for the first time or I got
some cocaine but it does seem like
cocaine is a little bit easier on the
body let's just go a cocaine yeah
I mean how does he I don't know how that
came about all I just remember was just
being asked hey do you want to try I'm
like okay sure like we can try it and
then when we did all the gal not really
into this can we just stop yeah well
when you're with Aiko a horny high
school boy he just wants to get it in
whenever he can
so it's like is if you can't get in the
vagina he's gonna try to pin the butt in
the mouth and the ear nose wherever
that's just horny high school boys have
you done anal right I've never done anal
cuz all Estados kind of weird really and
I was because I don't want Dookie on my
dick what is like the girl like
completely flushed all the Dookie out of
her system and she cleaned it very well
I think I'd be down yeah yeah but I've
never tried it before the homie bleah do
you think who do you think will win in
basketball between Josh and Casey what
do you mean this is filmmaking if you
ever watch a movie they always got a
story they cut to be story they go back
to a story that's exactly see josh is a
filmmaker and he knows what the fuck I'm
talking about
so do you think who do you think I win a
basketball Josh or Casey yeah you have
you played with Josh have you played
with Casey I have Casey so based on my
experiences I've in case you would cuz I
can tell you I could tell you how Josh
place and then maybe you can okay so you
know Casey's game play right he likes to
shoot from the outside there's a decent
shot from the outside and he does run a
lot so he does create a lot of movement
on the court
josh is really slow really clumsy can't
shoot for shit but he has very long arms
so I know that's why you think like he's
like
the rest I'll place I didn't play
seriously playing no you're you're not
capable playing serious he bite his hip
his his tential his arms are really long
so that he he did block me twice but I
only maybe he did on purpose I think his
arms was just there yeah it's just there
is this has the genetics may doesn't
have the skills so you don't know if
leave in case you'll win oh I think I
deal with it you challenge
he wasn't even involved in this Brandon
wasn't even involved he was just a
commentator not a challenging the
commentator what the hell this is a
middle school dude that's freaking like
you're watching the UFC and then Joe
Rogan's commentating the fighter jumps
out of the cage and challenges Joe Rogan
does it make any stiff Rican crazy
have you played basketball with Josh
babe and have you played with Casey yeah
who do you think will win enough a
hundred percent a hundred thousand
percent where do you think all of this
shit talking and the confidence is
coming from from Josh I know Josh just I
don't know what he thinks I don't know
what his thought processes but he thinks
he's cooler and better and smarter yeah
I think this confidence that's really
out of this world like he has is crazy
confident and like a hundred percent of
the time it's usually the opposite of
what he's so confident about do you
think he's high
I hope he's high I hope he's not serious
I think he's highly that guy oh I don't
know what he thinks but I expect cool
all right we got a roll
have you tried anal before yes how was
that and how did that come about uh it
felt really weird in the beginning but
then after a while it feels good how
many people have you done anal with
before ah one this one person yes and
then so you know when the when the when
the dick is pulling out of the butthole
does it feel like you're pooping in the
beginning yet and then later on so that
when you're pooping does it remind you
of anal sex like you're like oh yeah
Dookie said no so it feels different
it's not the same sensation no so when
it does feel good how do you relate that
to because to me it's like you know your
mouth has one sensation your nose has
one sensation your butthole can have two
sensations one sexual
dookey yeah what's the sexual sensation
feel like ah what would it feel like I
don't know it's something I've never
felt before you take the whole different
experience I camera is it like another
g-spot or something oh for sure and then
was it your idea was the guy's idea um
were you like my buzz kind of itchy
Kenny she didn't know I feel like it was
something that we both mutually talked
about yeah but I think like most guys he
was more interested in doing sounds like
uh I I'm down let's try it then you
enjoyed it I'm not the first time no no
what do you think would win in
basketball that me or Josh ha
really yeah Oh goodbye all right we
should play ah all right this is gonna
be its the airsoft JK challenge I I have
to shoot these six candles and as fast
as I can since I don't have a timer I
will count it myself to be extremely
honest and accurate ready Ikon we're all
here oh hi Eddie
is that right there Tommy so right there
glasses Tommy you're gonna shoot from
over here you can see them yeah
all right how's you min arm or maybe you
can run away you can stand close but
you're not gonna be able to see me shoot
though yeah so I think what if you stand
over there actually promote aggressive
very shortly hold on wrong oh that's
good yeah my GoPro go I want to record
bar shooting it okay gels gonna get it I
can battle you right here yeah
ready I know what you mean
all right you guys ready we're gonna do
some JK sharpshooting this is Bart he's
gonna do the candle shoot
are you ready yeah okay that's the start
right here
okay doing if you guys have a timer can
you put on the timer go three two one go
but I locked on the last handle are you
Tamara you're gonna beat em Riley go
three two one go
as soon as I knocked on the last candle
you immediately hit stop are you sure
this BB will knock down two candle or if
I hit it that counts us one all right
ready
let me know whatever you really do I
stop it Horta hits the last candle okay
done
I'm not ready you gotta be really
accurate all right ready yeah yeah three
two one go
Oh
turn it on Wow oh come on Oh point six
nine second Oh fifteen point six months
Oh
ten seconds Oh how many shots I really
try to them on you try at all that yeah
how did you get so good is actually
three heats in 300 damn it I want to try
I chose turn alright fuck we're later
hell yeah bring your gun shoot it here
you what I've got all my butt well Jones
gonna do it I'm gonna put the camera
right here so it gets all the action
exhibition are you serious oh yeah all
right oh my god gonna get all the action
we're gonna get set the camera up right
here so he gets all the fucking action
can you hold it
right there I'm gonna get all the
fucking action okay hold on all right
you have it loaded and everything yeah
tell me three two one and then I shoot
all right
let me know when you're ready and then
I'll let you know kind of oh hold on
what's in the lights on now my turn
little bit yeah you ready yeah
three two one go what the fuck man nice
14:40 oh I got a little slow toward the
end who else want to do it is not a fuck
shit time next up is Ryan
let's go roid is one of the editors and
he works at airsoft you know no pressure
should be the best
all right 100 bullets why don't you
oh my goodness what a freakin rebel
mobber just cut me off that's the homie
bleed mother just cut me off like a
freakin rebel can't believe this
mom there you are so bad a lot of you
guys probably don't know this but uh me
and Q or how the competitive well
actually maybe you do if you guys read
on that just kidding party comments
there's always comments that are like
chills so fucking competitive she's so
aggressive and maybe that's coming from
like really really soft and timid people
because I don't even find the geo very
competitive I find it fun I actually
wish shows more competitive when we
train I'm like do you fucking want it
you want to lift these fucking weights
you know this'll look like you fucking
want this shit you know like I feel like
I want the drive to be even harder but
um even in our relationship that we're
pretty competitive so a lot of times
like if we drove to work in separate
cars or if we drove to a restaurant in
separate cars when we go back home
sometimes I'll race each other so right
now you saw Gio just cut me off and she
probably thought that you know Oh Paula
is behind me I better cut him off
because we're gonna race but I don't
think she knew that I was vlogging so I
can't really race and vlog at the same
time but even um we first started dating
after we went to like a dessert place we
want to go play air hockey and what
started off as a friendly romantic like
honeymoon game but usually you know when
you go on a first date and you guys play
our kids just fun we end up playing
seven games and we kept putting in four
quarters every single time because we
wanted to beat each other so bad but
that's when I realized that she was the
one I'm like oh shit she's fucking just
as competitive as I am and she wants to
win and that turned me on because that's
the type of drive I like in a person
like I don't like weak bitches you know
like everyone in JK has a drive either a
drive to be a good husband good mother
passionate about
are their design and careers in life
like I like people that are driven and
driven people are competitive and so
that's actually a trait that I really
really love about geo and it also keeps
me on my toes do this for example right
now she cut me off and she probably beat
me home it's because I got caught
sleeping vlogging and sleeping all day
but yeah getting dinner and in and out
this is one of the staples of California
almost everyone that comes to California
always stops by in and out to get some
food and the food is hella basic is just
double-double you can read that menu on
other men is going out but it's double
doubles which is just two meats to
cheese or a cheeseburger or a hamburger
it's super simple but it's the
simplicity that I think makes this place
so successful because they don't fuck
around they only make one thing and yeah
I can get some variations like grilled
onions here and there or grilled pickles
or whatever but it's just hamburgers and
they kill it and a lot of people don't
even know this but in an ounce not even
considered fast food because they don't
make the food until you order it so
let's consider a restaurant but they
serve it really quickly and the food is
very very affordable and their french
fries are whole potatoes if you ever go
inside if you go inside there they
actually have a potato french fry
Smasher thing all you can't see from
here but it's uh it's like this potato
that they let you put here and you press
in and shoots it into like a bunch of
french fries
and that thing is really cool and we
just got like the biggest fucking meal
ever how many how many burgers do we get
I like six so it was like $52 yeah so
that's a lot right now so she can get
you can get each person could spend like
seven bucks and you'd be straight yeah I
got $52
I think half the food is mine - she got
to shake at the end doing yourself well
cuz I'm gonna start dieting in a few
weeks so I gotta I'm a milk it I'm just
trying to get as fat as I can try to hit
that 405 and then see what happens
wouldn't that make your cut harder it
definitely will but I'm the type of guy
like the more extreme I go on one end I
actually get sick of greasy and sweet
food then it makes me that much more
discipline like if I don't get my fix
like on my cheat days if I don't get my
fix yeah then I it still lurks and it
bothers me and it's easy for me to
relapse yeah trying to get sick of all
this greasy delicious goodness yeah I'm
trying to eat like pizza like every day
so you crave salad you crave
I never crave solid a nobody I never
crave solid but it makes me want to eat
like pine and chicken like supporter
like chicken when right back kinda
healthy yeah not like salad foods and
veggies yeah but make me cook like crazy
like flame broil or something cuz
flammable is this regular to me but then
once I get really greased out then I'm
like I got to get some flame broiler or
some fun my life Oh buzz always yeah so
that's the menu right there it is hella
simple double-double which is -
cheeseburger or double cheeseburger you
got cheeseburger hamburger french fries
that's it so if you're ever in SoCal I
think they also have it in Vegas Nevada
New Mexico by the southwest make sure
you get some of this stuff because it's
really really bomb it's fresh people
from Texas always compared to what a
burger but it's not even the same thing
what a burger is like jack-in-the-box
dude it's like the most greasy shit
microwave and yeah it's good like drunk
people food but it's not even the same
so stop saying what a burger in and out
at the same thing what a burger is
microwave Burger King okay
in and out its freshness bomb I got
lemonade and a milkshake so I'm trying
to get skinny what did you get
double-double yeah what did you get
double-double just a double-double
yeah family of food
I love it I love it I can't feel my face
when I'm with you all right
fucking worse than you I make a mess oh
damn you
aah oh no sir sir oh don't do this sir I
meet up to loo that day I'm getting my
homey five-day pass Adrian he's here
jump up a helicopter and I'm his shin ha
for real yeah helicopter
