what up guys back at the old JK films
office and I'm about to go in the prop
room because we're gonna start shooting
skits again no just kidding we're not
actually we're gonna be a part of Tim
should say and this is gonna be the most
bootleg shoot ever because things kept
changing last night what whose are these
your droid you found these that's even
though we had these anyways yeah so
we're shooting the skit with Tim and you
want to do a Milan parody cuz there's
gonna be a new Mulan coming out and I
read the script that's pretty funny but
things kept changing last-minute one he
said he's gonna rent me David Joe him
all armor and then that went to hey do
you guys have any outfits that we can
wear like well that what kind of outfits
no only little Chinese kung fu outfits
like karate outfits and we're like
possibly
and he goes oh can just bring all of
that and like it doesn't even match and
we don't have it for everyone he goes
doesn't matter so I'm here grabbing this
pop I guess this is like a karate type
top and then this might fit someone so
I'll bring this too and he also said our
Chinese silk outfits where I don't see
it here maybe Joe came here earlier and
he grabbed it not too sure and then I
was like but what about David like we're
not gonna have anything that fits David
helos how about this just you guys wear
black Swiss so I haven't just wearing
black sweat so I really don't know how
this kid is gonna turn out and I was
making fun that's it I was like how are
you gonna be on TV and be the most
famous you've ever been and the shoot is
the most bootleg shoot I've ever been to
in my entire life but one cool thing I
look forward to is that there is gonna
be a horse there so this is gonna be
like the most random shit everyone's
wearing random stuff like we don't even
know for Wayne this or this and I'm
pretty sure he's not gonna come through
with the armor maybe he might have armor
for himself but there will be a horse
and I have a shot of skin a long time so
I'm pretty I'm pretty excited holy
fucking shit
look at the fucking smoke in front of me
what the fuck this is crazy I think the
smoke is starting from behind that
mountain over there and it's spreading
all the way and there's a cop that just
pulled haha I hope they didn't see me oh
my god it's spreading all the way over
this is fucking crazy oh you know what I
think this is the fire that I was
listening to about wait what I can't
even speak English
this is the fire that I heard about this
is the fire I heard about this morning
on the news so this morning on the news
are saying that school districts are
closing down people are being evacuated
I think starting in the Sylmar Santa
Clarita area which is kind of close to
the valley which is close to where we're
filming or where I'm going by the way
and and it's it's right in front of me
like in LA it's so huge such a big
County there's different parts of it and
almost like you can live in LA never
been to other parts of the county and so
when they're talking about Sylmar Santa
Clarita uh looks to take exit 158 miles
Boulevard okay thank you
so I was Alcatel afar and now I just
realize how close it actually is and I'm
driving there because I'm trying to this
place called Sun Valley where I guess
there's horses and stuff so we're gonna
be going straight into this place I hope
I don't get emphysema or we don't come
out covered in ash or anything like this
cuz dude like you can't even see the sky
anymore this is fucking crazy holy moly
then turn right onto Roscoe Boulevard
alright take the exit Thank You
navigation you know what's so funny you
know you're with a bunch of comedians
when there's a straight-up fucking
natural disaster and you guys were still
clowning about it so I think one of us
had being got David put in our chat with
me Joe and Tim and he was like hey did
you know there's a fire where we're
shooting at and then everyone's like oh
sure more production value it's gonna
look like it's a war scene
but this is like an actual real fire
this time I think on the news are saying
we haven't had a fire this bad for like
the last three decades but it's just
funny how when you're with comedians
even the most imminent danger we can
still joke about probably up until the
point our skin gets burnt dude this guy
is crazy just try to cut me off
I literally signaled for like 300 feet
like what the law says and this fool
isn't such a low Wow
damn this world must be running out of
gas holy shit or he has to take a dump
don't play that that fool is crazy I've
never seen someone race to a gas station
my death people are nuts or maybe his
house is on fire and he had to go home I
don't know you know uh people when they
see people drive crazy and turn left
onto Stonehurst Avenue got it when when
people see people like do crazy shit and
they get into road rage I never get why
they do that cuz for me I'm I always
just give them the benefit of doubt
maybe they're pregnant or they got
diarrhea or whatever has to me there's
no point in getting up fucking you
motherfucker
if you're not down to fight and I know
people are strapped these days and
there's crazy-ass motherfuckers out
there so I'm not down to fight people
cuz it probably kick either one even
though I know how to fight they're still
gonna kick my ass or they have a gun and
we'll shoot me this is crazy
motherfuckers out there so I think like
I I don't really like that keyboard
warrior mentality behind it the drivers
will - there's also that drivers will
mentality where everyone these are
fucking badass they want to flick it one
of it he said how do you know the guy
that are picking on isn't a fucking
Brazilian jiu-jitsu blackbelt who's
gonna kick your ass
you get everyone okay we're literally
driving into hell now cuz there's no
more blue sky oh there's a little
slipper in it awesome I see it but if I
just pan down like this it literally
looks like I'm driving into a tornado
goddamn it the things that we do for Tim
you know what's gonna be so funny so we
look hella bootleg right we don't even
have our costumes straight wearing black
sweat skis fucking Chinese kung fu
outfits who knows and imagine we get
caught in some sort of crazy smoke storm
or some Street and then they come and
rescue us and they see us looking like
the most bootleg Avengers in the world
that's gonna be so funny they're gonna
see us where but why are there six
Asians and they're all wearing different
types of martial arts outfits and sweats
this entire place smells like it's on
fire feels like I'm walking into a giant
barbecue grill but it is pretty cool I
get to see all these horsies all these
guys are huge more horses are you
teenager you're a baby horsey you know a
baby horsey I'm a nice guy hey I'm nice
no need to get mad at me oh hey oh
you're a big one you know big ol horsey
you know big old horse see what this
guy's blinders on this is crazy
Joe's never up front so Joe oh you drove
all the way in that's tight do we should
bring out some meats and just smoke it
outdoors everything smells smoke flavor
no this is someone's back that's pretty
tight damn on the fucking horse and Joe
really did Drive he drove his sports car
I thought I'd throw this Range Rover it
so there's Tim on the fucking horse over
there so Michael Nelson and Patrick are
here Michael are you so covered up don't
you live down the street from this place
fire smell
dust in the wind I'm just trying to get
away from the elements aren't you from
the valley that's kind of close to my
home but good thing it's not Dan this is
great are your parents okay yeah okay
Tim why is your outfit so fucking legit
and we're wearing sweats dude dude we
got fucking like bootleg Party City type
shit
you look like fucking Last Samurai and
then we're gonna look like fucking like
the cast of glow god damn it
is that really from Walmart oh it's
pretty dull dude
Kanon Bree found a nice one I don't even
know you know I'm a year of the horse
really oh this is it a guy or girl you
see has a dick Nicholas your name is
nicey-nicey yeah I have a buddy that
owns goats and deer and all that stuff
and then they're saying that like they
end up becoming a vegan afterwards
because they're de jure they're all dogs
like that's what that's what we don't
know is that a lot of emotion yeah a lot
you're goddamn fuckin buff dude I'll be
like way stronger oh hell yeah a baby
horse kick my ass I would trust her to
write her yeah just finished shooting
about to grab some lunch and
okay all the meat on there and I think
it's cafeteria style and he just grabbed
the chicken stroganoff collard greens
you know I got your call oh my god pasta
there's all kinds of food Brazilian
cheese bread there's all kinds of food
so I'm definitely gonna get some of that
we're gonna about the meat though woah
look at that meat hey now that's
delicious what you about to get David
trying to eat veggies Trustee away from
processed carbs well for us you're not
gonna eat out I saw something green
Easter fried with garlic parsley and
it's gonna be beat I love beets aw man I
used to like wait to tell my mom
traumatize me birthday Christmas
kissing oh you got one cheese bread yep
oh that's good whoo holies because I
want to spend a lot of my livers oh yeah
yeah yeah that's true that's true doing
that's true Oh garlic rice white rice -
damn I better get line so this is my
game plan so far
I got collard greens I love collard
greens especially the way that
Brazilians do with the garlic this thing
is new I saw eggplant salad and it kind
of interested me and I started liking
eggplant so I want to try that I think
it's a cold salad
yep it's bullets ouch balsamic vinegar
with onions and tomatoes a little bit of
frijoles or just one little a fried
banana for taste but mainly I'm trying
to keep this mainly vegetables except
for this and I'm gonna load up on me
star being all my crappy car sodas to
see well nothing really entices me so I
just get water that's just good for
drinks pour on
if I just get water stay stay
disciplined get a water
yeah but damn I do I do want what do you
want
me and some what goes good with me is
coke sometimes us because get water
check
can I get top sirloin cat beef
medium-rare please all my goodness look
at the way they cut it it's so juicy
licious that looks delicious - oh yeah I
can have more please see okay thank you
can I have one more slice thank you
oh can I get garlic beef sirloin cap was
it like that yeah I got over 16 ounces
of meat on this motherfucker trying to
get sexy see I wanted to get more but
I'm trying to do something it's not to
tone it down
oh yeah what are you trying to get I
know I'm hungry
I feel better right now oh man I want I
was looking at that too that's just not
appealing at all whatsoever looks
delicious
damn I all this meat smells bomb you
have a Japanese who was that
this one is tried to all right and this
one is a sirloin cap so did you get lamb
no I'm having a pretty awesome day so
far I think more so than all the fun
shooting with Tim was just always cool
hanging with them
like this kind of camaraderie or
fraternity of like the old-school
youtubers before the bynars popped off
and all that so we kind of consider
ourselves oh geez and we all lead
separate lives and we're always so busy
that you don't really have time to
connect so after we filmed we were just
eating and after we're done here we just
sat that the restaurant talked for like
two hours and I was so awesome to be
able to connect with them but my day
continues so I'm going to my favorite
barber that I always go to in Alhambra
Ben Terra salon to get my hair cut just
got my hair cut feels nice and fresh I
didn't gel it today cuz I'm gonna call
home and take a shower but I did have
them rinse it off because I felt like I
was covered completely in ash even right
now I smell so smoky and it's dying to
give me a headache like I you know how
much I like to like smoke me it's a
barbecue stuff so I never thought I
would not like smoke but that yeah this
is way too much smoke I'm trying to get
a headache I need to go home take a
shower and most of all I miss Tai Chi is
so cuny these days but I think before I
play with them I'm gonna take a shower
so I don't get a shower smoke on top of
the pie won't like it pop what are you
doing getting my barber I heard that la
is in a state of tactical alert right
now because of all the fires and there's
like four or five them going on all of
the police and all of the fire
department are going there to support
that and a lot of the telephone lines
have been burned down so there's an
island one doesn't even work so I think
tactical alert means watch out be
careful cuz aid isn't going to come in
time but because of that I'd want to
make sure that we're ready so I'm just
putting all my equipment together
because after the course I bought some
stuff to update my gear and I have
stuff ready see ya good safe
let's practice weapon safety completely
clear putting the gun down range no
one's over there of my life 6-under
lumens this is the most active weapon I
am with and I have like three to six
magazines fully loaded ready to go the
only thing I care about right now is
that guy right there I didn't hear
anything you said and I'm sure when they
said tactical alert
they just meant in that area
if anything happens all over me
yeah where you were filming you don't
live where you film me down on the
freeway I thought you're crazy you just
want to play no I'm just making sure
whatever I you ready made me do that
again
is anyone exactly sacoby thing though my
no cops have that now scare you a bit so
cops right now the way they're dressed
is uniform right leather pouches leather
holsters so they can they can look more
civilian like if cops came out looking
like SWAT you would look like we're in a
state of emergency that's a compliment
well they should slowly start doing that
because in Europe they have straight-up
fuckin ak-47s on their chests no we're
talking about that swallowed up so this
like SWAT gear but a normal uniformed
cop wouldn't have this actually
gangsters should get this you scare the
dogs with all their little clicks you
can stop playing now
see - oh gangster style you're dumb I'm
cutting hey my baby taka my big uni baby
look how beautiful your skin is just
such a nice complexion such a nice
complexion mr. yeah yeah tummy with a
little monkey feet gonna start running
with the monkey feet big Beauty they're
so cute
you're so cute woman do you guys think
he looks more like me or more like Jill
we had our discussion the other day and
I feel like he looks like me with a
splash of Geo but Jill thinks he looks
like her with a splash of me and we
can't really tell who was right or wrong
because he's a very good blend like his
eyebrows look just like mine and Jill's
put-together eyes look like mine and
Jill's put together but we don't really
know what do you guys think you guys
think
looks more like Geo but I do think that
they have a more objective view because
they're not biased like we are cuz we're
biased our own face always look more
like Grandma whoa laughing oh no Wow me
and Marber just finished working we set
up our little office on the dining table
and what's CUNY is everyone's you never
get to watch mr. tyka on that baby
monitor
sleep yeah we just finished working
there's always something funny going on
at our house but yeah now it's time for
us to wrap it all up go to bed and have
an awesome awesome state what in the
world is going on you okay buddy oh I
forgot to make them pee really everyone
go peepee Oh people forgive me love
let me pee oh go pee pee go go go go BB
go oh baby come on
go pee pee kids go go go go go what time
OPP OPP go everyone good kids and with
that goodnight everyone
