thanks MA bear for the pills yeah your
butt can make music bar bear well this
is the first I'm wearing shorts look at
that do-do-do-do-do I never wear frickin
shirts anyway I am on my way to Petco
right now fart and I have our very first
date of 2016 and um and I have to go to
Petco because we're gonna take the dogs
and ourselves
on a really cool little romantic hike
but then the leashes that I mean you
guys saw the way she's like ah Lisa's
actually harnessed for the dogs and one
of them ended up being like shoot or
something it was like the weirdest thing
ever
um so I'm going to go exchange that real
quick um and then get on with our day
but I got to be kind of quick about it
cuz we were supposed to leave like at
9:00 something but then the plumbers
came the plumbers came and then after
the plumbers came then Bart had a poop
and his poops usually take like 30
minutes every single time um some like
alright I'm just gonna move real quick
on before I like anything else and funny
can have a more comfortable um
I don't know hiking experience because I
feel like when she has honor next and
she pulls because she's so excited it's
just not healthy for her to be choking
herself so I think a harness
I have better control over the dog
because I'm now able to control them via
their body opposed to choking them to
have them submit and and calm down which
I feel is pretty damn cruel so um that's
the reason that this is the reason for
why I go to Petco but I'm trying to
drive so I don't want to die and I know
you guys hate when I when I uh when I
Drive and vlog so before I even sent out
of the segment what's up good fuck I
fucked it up what's that beautiful
people all right so here I am again with
the million options
um and I found luckily the only large
that they have left the other large was
fucking broken but now that I look at
the larger for like this might be too
big for fawni skinny ass so I'm gonna
get a medium also I'm gonna get both see
what happens alright so we are in the
Batmobile which uh-huh we're not going
to have for very much longer because
Bart got a new pan appeal but that guy's
getting worked on so these are the fat
last few vlogs with our old very mobile
it's time to give this guy back to his
home so you can make another family
happy that's true yeah but right now we
are on our way to a really cool hike
right to hike not just a scenic road
it's I don't know I can't guarantee if
it's a hike but what it really is is um
so I found out about the secret diving
destination in LA specifically OC and I
was looking at the pictures and reading
the reviews there saying it rivals the
Maui coastline so I was like holy shit
we can get Hawaii in California
obviously the waters gonna get is warm
but I'll look at the pictures of water
extremely clear
it's a cove and there's this big brief
that blocks off the big waves so we're
just kind of going here to check it out
and walk on the beach with the pups and
stuff and if it looks awesome me and mom
we're probably going to get wet suits
and go snorkeling in there next time
pretty sure that's gonna happen and we
could even swim with the dogs I know how
much fun is this when does she know be
still learn oh I don't remember fun ever
liking to swim but yeah
like I mentioned earlier this is our
date in months and my draw it's pretty
crazy because we live together we work
together but we don't really get to
spend quality of on mah Bearpaw their
romantic time time with each other so
we're gonna make it more oven we're
gonna be more of an effort to do so so
this is the beginning of that effort and
I'm kind of excited because because our
marriage is falling apart so we gotta
really do something just know spice
things up a bit
haha yeah guys we're talking about
divorce now we just got me how long ago
not even here not even a year yet help
us out
pray for Gio Quan not cool nutbar gone
please pass the flash act pray for Gio
corner from Marwan everybody knows a
stable look at David sister them know
what's going on with the camera oh no oh
no it's cut paw bear what do you think
hey I do that foot trick - oh yeah
because then if you remove your foot and
it's gonna go whoop back in there
it's a more manageable display yeah can
you believe it there's some people out
there that might not even know how to
pump air in their tires really I don't
know the first time I run in with these
new cars it's easier to Freder y'all
because there's a entire meter inside
but back in the day before you have
these tire meters you would have to just
walk around the car and check so if you
buy a new car with the tire meter it's
way easier tell you act anymore to get
inside wherever ya
and I'm also a button if you have a old
school car because always look for the
PSI measurement on the tire itself but
you still don't know how much is in
there until you use one of those things
they're also that meter but that meters
not even that accurate and the harnesses
are being used oh where is it where is
it again
hey hey blue one there one's good this
is a boy now it's a bit like a lavender
that's purple who cares if he thinks
she's a boy boy she's not a boy did you
lock the car
now
dude this feels way better yeah fine he
looks like a tactical dog now look at
them they look tactical on table re
camera one then yeah that week uni
tactical dogs
come on tactical dogs
big butt mediate baby but medium but big
papa but
and little doggie but big CUNY's
all right so we've made it down and I
can't believe this is in California look
at this water's great
I mean it's not Hawaii water but maybe
I'm just not close enough to tell but
this is really cool hold on funny and
make a little bit darker so that
everyone could see what I'm talking
about
wow this is beautiful okay come on fun
fonts having a blast there's a popper
baby for over there
this is great huh fun
this is gorgeous waters pretty blue it's
not like Hawaii blue but it's pretty
close I mean it's definitely not LA
brown or green you see little kids and
it's like a semi-private Beach there's
like nobody here for asking paddle
surfing I never see Carmel surfing in LA
it's true this paddle surf ooh people
actually diving and scooping so that
means it could actually see stuff
underwater trying to zoom in on the
paddle surfers oh there they are
whoa hold up let's keep exploring let's
go this way funny
golde let's get closer to the water what
the heck now we gotta get you guys
comfortable with water come here
I don't like this little come on come on
come on there you go good job there you
go
come on Vicki don't be a baby just go to
the water yeah for sure it's just she's
not used to it
oh you're gonna get wet Kiki on the dump
in the water with them right now it's
probably really cool
sorry breeki your daddy's crazy she's
looking at me like fuck ah chill out
don't panic what's not that bad ball for
you here this hobby as cold as this club
right now a little bit colder the warmer
now I'm not down with a little bit if
you were like no it's really warm it's
funny go under Sun I wanna take a
picture
why do you picture together I think I
can prop it somewhere and then we'll
take a picture this place is beautiful
especially that view in front of me mama
bear
look at the cute puppies Donna waters
really nice can't believe this is
actually in Seoul cow crazy look at this
wow this place kind of reminds me of
remember that vlog where we went to Maui
it was like uh looks like behind a
resort somewhere it was kind of like a
local spot I don't remember what that
place was called something plane that's
what reminds me of Dan but look at that
water though holy crap
that is beautiful Oh crazy blue this
water is look at that it makes me want
to just dive in there's a bunch of like
sea plant life and there's rocks and
there's someone else taking a picture
over there and mama bears over there
this place is beautiful I'm definitely
gonna come out here more little ads out
there those are some nice houses man I
want to jump in to that it's cold but I
think I'm gonna come out here next time
with the wetsuit and I'm gonna dive into
here you big Kimmy look at this little
Lagoon it's crazy and then the water
just flows in from over there and it
flows right into here and I call it deep
it is you could just jump in there gonna
jump in there funny
next time would you be down a camera
lenses and explore a little caves it's
beautiful huh
that's crazy can't believe this is
California keep saying that but I really
can't believe it
I always thought it was so cool when
they construct houses and big buildings
that they're able to erect these metal
braces that just stand up so they can
get to the height that they need to
build the house and these things can be
taken down it's like this is the
pinnacle of human innovation we can
build things higher so we can build
things even higher err it's freaking
cool look like they just all interlock
together and then they just build a
temporary building or temporary giant
ladder to frickin build even more stuff
those guys are huge over freakin
what are they they're like bears you
know what I think they are I think there
are Tibetan Mastiff of some sort those
are fluffy is haggis freaking giant like
overgrown couch house how bad do you
think they shed pretty bad I'm probably
pretty bad it looks like human hands I
like this one
oh no I'll do without it thanks no sorry
my try to pick all that up
so focus now having to watch whether
your hugs after our after our I am
hi hubs hi wifes wifey please leaves
hugs sweeps it's too close to the other
word let's just keep wiping
iyq yeah uh you wanted Italian food did
you pick this place on purpose yeah cuz
we're trying to count so you knew this
was Italian food this spot no no no oh
so you didn't you didn't get it on my
piss I I think the location I'm nervous
because I know we're trying to watch a
movie over there
yeah and we only have an hour smells
like oh why don't we eat one of those
streets I places physical valet the car
really quickly eat and go over there and
I've always wanted to eat is always
passed by here yeah we always looks
delicious it just so happen to also be
Italian which is what I was craving
anyways nice so it all just worked out
and I didn't have to valet it the
parkings right behind paw bear right
there blue steel a little blueberry yep
fine
I can't wait to for you to share what
you ordered because it's some crazy
shenanigans you just sound a bomb like
usually when I go to a place I usually
try to get what they're known for
but I don't know what they're known for
so I just came I just wanted to try
something different this is the Josh
method you were like no no not really
kind of I kind of went with what I quit
sounded good and so they haven't gone
why is there like spice up my eye
so allez allez so the bruschetta came
bruschetta came mama I've never seen it
with avocado I know that's a nice touch
because it's always just diced tomato a
little bit of onion garlic olive oil I
don't think it's that nice of a touch
actually because I like how refreshing
the tomatoes are with with a light oil
avocado I just don't feel like anything
creamy right now well let me be the
judge of that and see if you like it
tell me if I like it
I love it
this is like pico de i/o then oh oh all
right when I guess your class
you're basically put in your face got
that though one-sided smart going on
every time I talk to you you always take
it seriously a little dark you keep step
on the boots on the on the bread every
time I talk about you yeah yeah I will
every time I dog passes yeah how come
every time I talk proper to you you
always take it after is it there calm
down and saw the study cannot worry
about your Butthead you got me at that
yeah we buy that I hate you
the Franklin hey hi here my turn is
right all right papa bear
yeah really fast just because I know you
want to eat what the hell did you just
get all right so it's called
something come on the chair
and the reason it caught my attention is
cuz it's link wing just put your phone
up UK you're not fooling anybody
no cuz I wanted to share with this I
want to make sure I got it just right I
can't but it's uh think we need little
fear diver scallops well
poor chicken onions fresh herbs and
extra-virgin olive oil and I can see the
scallops and to see the pork cheeks and
the lips down topped off with some
Arnold Palmer yup my favorite dude my
point ask just that spaghetti and
meatballs right thank you that's it
right we're just creating boss what you
don't want try something else
no it's not I'm creating freakin Plain
Jane no I had a bite of the hosta super
al dente which is Italian for just right
and that means the pasta is a nice pop
that's soft inside and I got it look at
the scallop right here we barely just
touch it and goes right through and it's
not for the cheek right they're super
soft
hahahaha I would never watch your Food
Channel
I just don't want to eat you enjoy them
you know there's people that like when
they eat they make you want to eat what
they're eating there's some people that
like well Hobeika chew gum and you're
craving it right no you're the opposite
of that any time I see you eat something
as delicious as I know that it is cuz
I've had that dish I'm just like for
some reason I never want to eat it it
never never
Dorcas up my face what orchestra food
orchestra
they're crazy
not down Roger uh spaghetti and
meatballs
chef courtyard it's exactly what it's
usually like nothing special the only
thing that's good about it is the al
dente that's it I'm gonna eat now
I want to test out bomb right I'm not a
big fan of scallops well no that's all
right you yes my job
did you really good salt on your baby
spits pepper good now we are in the
parking structure getting ready to watch
Teemu oh shit we're not soul mates
anymore
look we're not speaking the same long
lunch see ya boo me one two three more
that ready one two three movie it is
we're soul mates for sure we speak the
same language of love with each other's
sentences I know we finish each other's
sleep Mitch we finish each other we
finish we finish each other's brain
sequence stupid you're a bozo okay so
we're gonna watch Deadpool and I guess
wait till the end until we say anything
about it cuz I really don't know
anything about this at all I don't watch
comic books I don't read them I don't do
any of that and he's like one character
I know very little about
yeah I'm just got a ticket for face
value and I feel like we're gonna like
it because we're just going to go in
with like a blank slate no expectations
I papa we're walking back to our car
recap so Deadpool is one of my favorite
movies easily one of my favorite movies
of all time now obviously top 10 and
reason why is because number one I'm the
biggest turning Gino fan you've got love
how it just puts whatever the fuck he
wants in a movie and makes it happen it
makes it work but Deadpool is even more
Tarantino than Tarantino he breaks the
fourth wall pass inside jokes halves
lines I refers to the script he's like
well I guess this is going to thicken
the plot it immediately does when he
meets Jared the baby handler but it
keeps making fun up so there's that
there's a love story and I'm on the
sucker for love stories you big sucker
tell them what happened tell them what
happened the love story between men and
I don't tell him this story just tell
him what you did no but the the the
story of Deadpool and his girl it's like
two crazies that make it work and that's
hard for like me and Geor
cuz like I like make up all kinds of
weird words like uni Bale and all that
stuff and I'm a crazy motherfucker and
if Gio loves me then that means she's
also crazy and so it really reminded me
of me and Jill's relationship but we do
a bunch of crazy-ass fucking shit
together and wonderful we're not normal
you know you're not normal I'm normal
I'm normal for sure it's cool to show
like how a not normal guy it's like he's
still cool and he's a badass and like I
really resin resonated with Deadpool cuz
I really feel like he really embodies me
like I like I'm a goofball I'm sarcastic
I like to fuck around with Maura all the
time but I'm also a fucking killer and I
don't really take shit and when I just
do MMA and stuff and I just keep my arm
bent backward I was be the only guy that
would be like busting jokes all the time
and I really really liked it and the
music choice is awesome
everything was really beautiful backing
with me and he was all like what Robert
II oh oh oh the lights came back on he
was like this boy I'm like wait were you
sneezing what happened he's like what
you didn't cry but I guess I just didn't
see what you saw or I have no heart no I
cry like five times it's cute why it's a
part
spoiler alert yes that's a spoiler I
don't see it I mean that dose that's
exactly spoiler and I know it I know
what it means I'm saying don't use it
don't spoil no cousin that you say
spoiler so they can turn away I know
what I'm saying don't even sing
why go ahead Oh points I know but I
didn't want to even use this coilover
what go ahead little spoiler alert then
hey are we gonna say you want to stay a
little spoiler I'm gonna tell you say
you little spoiler it's not even a
spoiler it's more like a motif alert
spoiler alert if it into themes and
stuff I think the part that really made
me latch on to his character is that
although the whole movie is a love story
it's more not selfless love so he loved
the mess is so much to the point after
his face got fucked up he didn't want to
torment her also what the cancer he
didn't want to have her to live with the
suffering that she would have to go
through watching him die and if any of
you guys have washed it down the number
died it's horrible and he was so
selfless he's like she could have a much
better life without me and that to me is
the ultimate I guess love all love love
love it's a selfish thing like I want to
be with her you know but no one ever
thinks if her being by herself doesn't
be even more happy than her being with
me maybe she should go that way
and so it's actually really really deep
how Deadpool is and so when I saw that
whole thing and that that's the
underlying theme is his selflessness his
life for her I was like man as beautiful
I'm such a heartless bastard what of the
popper or the - mother I didn't even see
you at that peak just not a small at all
ha ha ha oh yeah definitely watched the
movie I had a fun fun time watching it
for sure so this is a neighborhood where
Bart and I would actually really like to
live in this is the City of Pasadena
and this is actually South Pass South
Pasadena it has like a really chill
homey vibe to it
um it's it feels like a very small
little town but it's also really rich in
like the arts and just a class of people
diverse - so it again it's very diverse
and I get even if you look at the street
lamps like everything's very picturesque
it looks like a movie but then the cool
thing about Pasadena is like also the
location where you just hop on the 110
and you're like five minutes away from
downtown LA we're like where things are
poppin so yeah we're pretty central -
it's hard to find like a suburban area
that is so close to where the epicenter
is you know yeah and I mean you were
saying like the neighborhood's really
safe the school system is really good
out here yeah and why don't we want to
oh I know what so a big thing why we
we're kind of hesitant to live here is
just because we really enjoy like the
beach life and we really enjoy like
bodies of water and this unfortunately
has none of that so we're like well I
mean when we get older when we actually
have kids of our own to utilize the
school system then maybe we can come
back here like Pasadena will always be
great for that yeah so we're kind of
thinking of more beachy cities where
we're like well we really can't do that
whenever we want me particularly we can
but we're like let's just get that out
of our system now
that's kind of what we've been
discussing as the Bears the camera looks
really good good Danis cameras grip
dang-son turning at this odd a veto and
some proof - ensalada de frutas hmm talk
though this is how all the supermarkets
in Mexico seriously it's just like this
everything's just kind of put together
they don't give a shit of presentation
it's very homey exact but it looks like
mmm oh wait oh you're sick you're not
even eat this what I just gave you the
reason your throat aren't you sick not
sick is that that bronchitis what the
fuck onee way this wind up getting
ensalada de fruta and it's basically a
fruit salad and it has lime juice and
chili and salt I know a lot of other a
lot of other countries don't eat their
fruit with chili or salt
you guys don't right nobody does but
it's so bomb like I saw a bunch of your
people in there a bunch of Asians they
were like hella jock in the fucking
fruta or the ensalada fruta laughing
yeah hey hello yeah we got the chamoy
over here or not the chamalla they're
lethal that has mango chamoy ice and
then like this Tamarindo Oh candy I have
to really fucking bomb it's in there
and I bought a whole jug of it right
here look at this tamarin but these are
some money though with chili sticks
these are the shit if you don't know
what this shit is better better better
get to know it
how do you like it are delicious have
you had stuff with chili like fruit with
chili you bought one of these not that
they only throw the fruit oh yeah you
have oh how do you like it it's good you
blow me that it was like that sweet my
team saw in the fridge that sauce the
red one
oh yeah yeah yeah doofy no not on this
this is just chili powder
I can't wait to eat this guy hell yeah
hell yeah my face with you I can't feel
my face belong with you alright fucking
worse than you I make a mat don't die on
me ah ah no sir sir oh don't do this
hurry up to loo that day I'm getting my
homie
I gave hats Adrian he's here jump up a
helicopter and I'm finish in four ill
yeah okay good
