you know what's crazy so every single
day so far like this whole week I've
been talking like a motherfucker
and even in the middle one night I just
keep confident confident kauffman every
single night and I haven't had good rest
or good sleep or anything like that I
don't even know what's going on I don't
know if it's triggered by allergies or
what and I got a buddy of mine to
prescribe me but inhaler and what's
crazy is um I had asthma growing up as a
kid right but um I haven't used inhaler
or had an asthma attack ever since I was
and but the the feeling of wheezing like
having her trachea like tighten it's so
memorable that this week when it
happened I was like oh shit what the
fuck was that asthma attacks is crazy so
I don't really know what's going on but
thank God I got this and it has helped
out but I'm still coughing I don't have
a fever I don't feel sick I just keep
coughing and the mucus that comes up is
clear so I feel like I don't have an
infection or anything like that I don't
even know what's going on this has been
one of the toughest weeks ever for both
my personal life and work because you
know how it's so important to get good
rest to be able to be productive the
next day but during the day like I'm so
exhausted because I don't get good sleep
at night and even during the day I'm
still coughing like I was like shooting
Jake a film Jake a party when I start
talking too much
irritates oh yeah I talked to UM Brianna
that's her supposed to inhale they're
supposed to inhale like you're smoking
weed you let all your air out and then I
smoke I mean you don't smoke but you
inhale and add you're inhaling you
squeeze and then I goes into your lungs
and you sucking it extra hard so it
could really well actually I'll even
know I don't know if that's this is a
clinical way but this is the way that I
do it that I feel like hits me the
hardest and it helps out a little bit
but man is this tough I think I'm gonna
try to go to a urgent care doctor today
and from what I've heard Urgent Care is
pretty much the same thing as an
emergency room except it's not 24 hours
and they do take better care of you
because it's more personal staff and
it's not more of a public service it's
more private so I don't know it could be
more expensive but um I don't want to go
to the emergency room because I've been
there a couple times and you just sit
there for like eight hours until they
call your name so I'm gonna go to Urgent
Care and see what's up and uh and maybe
I can get prescribe some better
medication or at least get an
explanation as to what's going on with
my lungs but before that um I still got
to go to the gym so i'ma just knock that
out real quick just because I don't know
how long the emergency room is Jill was
yelling at me this morning she was like
wait you gotta go to the gym first you
gotta get your mouth fixed well I'm not
dying so I'm just go to the gym and
knock out some quick stuff that his
bodybuilding day anyways it's not a
hardcore powerlifting so I just got to
hit some small muscle groups some
lacking muscle groups and then I'm uh go
to Urgent Care stop by 7-eleven to get
some coffee
hazelnut I usually get the hazelnut
black coffee and that tastes great with
my doughnut but usually I get the maple
bar they ran out so I have to get the
chocolate bar and then I get a big-ass
bottle of what care and um one thing I
really like about working out if not
just for the working out part but also
for the hydration part so as a healthy
human being you're supposed to be
drinking down a water a day and if you
workout in ass
be trippin more but ash as hard as fuck
to down a whole gallon of water a day I
mean if you unless you guys tried it
I've tried it when you're consciously
trying to do it it's actually pretty
hard and you gotta pace yourself and you
gotta ration out how much water you
drink but what I like about working out
is I could just get a big-ass bottle of
water and I just force myself within
that workout I'm down the whole
motherfucking thing this thing is pretty
much half a gallon already when the rest
of the day I could just chill and just
sip on water and I can meet my daily
requirement so that's one of the reason
why I like working out which is it just
causes you to be so fucking thirsty that
you're gonna drink all that shit anyways
so if you guys aren't working out or
even if you are make sure you try to
drink a gallon of water today is going
to make you feel way better especially
if you like greasy ass food like me like
if you like bad food but you also don't
drink water your body is just going to
fall apart so the best of course is to
eat clean drink tons of water and sleep
all night and workout and you're going
to be really healthy and you're going to
be feeling like you're on natural
steroids and you're just running out of
all-time high like a fucking MacBook Pro
but if you don't the best thing and the
easiest thing to do is just start
drinking a shit ton of water and it's
going to make you feel better it's going
to yo your muscles run on water your
organs run on water your entire body
runs on water and I just by drinking all
that water it's going to help you digest
all the nasty food that you eat if you
eat like me cuz I eat pizza and shit and
burgers all the time
especially when I'm bulking so the least
that I can do and do myself a little
favorite drinks on my fucking water
I'll wash all that shit damn here's some
behind the scenes of what's going on at
the barber brigade gym office we're
painting this bad boy so that we can put
our new logo on there and then now we
chose this particle board just so that
after we paint it there's still some
texture that comes through we still
could probably got to put another coat
on just because uh some of the woods
showing but it's looking pretty good and
we got paint right here people working
overnight
so usually we film a lot of our
interviews and stuff outside here
out over there but the problem with that
is as you will see people come through
and it interrupts our interview but also
more importantly our interviewing
interrupts or members or our day passers
because when they come inside they're
like oh shit they're filming I don't
want to interrupt it but then the other
ones are in the right we're the ones
that are infringing on their space so we
don't want to interrupt the member or
day past experience anymore which is why
we're building a little mini set in here
and they still got to continue adding
the wood planks over there and painting
them and then afterwards we're gonna
have our new logo put on it I think it's
going to look pretty dope we're also
gonna put some lights in here so
everything should be lit well and I
think we chose like a semi-gloss of
paint just so it gives it a little bit
more depth on the wood it looks pretty
good let's see what's going on out here
I think he was working all right fucking
worse than you I make a mess I'm down me
oh oh no sir sir oh don't do this sir
I'll be up to lube that day I'm getting
my homey
okay Pat's Adrian he's here jump off a
helicopter and I'm finish it for real
yeah Julie jump off the helicopter no
lion-o
just myths mash into it Lyle oh oh oh oh
so cool it's going out here damn is
already the half-day everyone is working
out what do I really like about coming
to Barbeau is people are always training
sharing knowledge
I've been each other up form checking
each other making sure everyone staying
on top of their their fitness goals and
there's people are rubbing bellies over
there what the hell
are
fuck
Oh
cute ass pretty big CUNY bricky we doing
over there just soaking up the sunny big
QT where's your sister but your sister
Fani you just sitting there
where's your sister funny funny what's
funny
oh I see her stretching you guys are
just relaxing today huh
big cutie pie funny bear you cutie just
finished taking a shower the workout was
pretty good today just light and easy
bodybuilding no specific numbers but I
was trying to hit although I did hit a
curl PR on the 135 without any straps I
hit it for six reps so I'm pretty happy
about that other than that it was mainly
just to hit some shoulders back biceps
triceps just some bodybuilding stuff but
one thing I am really excited about is
recently I've been working on David's
program so David asked me for some help
cuz he's trying to lose some weight and
he's been doing a lot of hit training
and a lot of bodyweight exercises but he
feels like he hit a plateau because with
bodyweight that's the most intensity you
can get is your body weight and so he
asked me for help so I'm going to help
him with a lot more barbell exercises
you could always increase weight as the
exercises get easier and unlike
bodyweight you can't cheat so for
example you know if you're doing like
mountain climbers or something or high
knees and as you're getting tired your
knees will lower or as you're getting
tired you're a mountain climber form is
going to get shitty but if you're
squatting there's no way you can
half-ass the weight the way it's either
going to go up or it's going to go down
so every single rep you have to exert
the same amount of energy which is why
it's easier to be accountable for the
caloric expenditures if you do barbell
movements and I know that's a lot of
scientific
like physiological mumbo-jumbo but the
main key point is I'm really excited to
be able to structure a program because
I'm I come from a bodybuilding
powerlifting
and also athleticism training background
and because of the last two years I've
just been strictly powerlifting all the
programs that I've been writing like for
me Geo Branden have all been
powerlifting based I did write a program
for Casey and TIFF to prep them for
Hawaii because I wanted sexy summer
bodies so I was able to write a more
athletic overall program and that was
pretty fun I got to put some circuits in
there I got to put in a lot of
calisthenic type exercises I picked up
while I was doing MMA and white tie
because I know it works the core and it
burns a lot of calories while
incorporating a lot of barbell movement
cuz that's got to be a staple but now
David his specific needs are another
challenge for me and I'm really excited
because I might even do this later on
where he wants to lose weight maintain
muscle but also do some exercises that
will benefit him in basketball so what I
have prescribed for him is a lot of med
ball and wall ball type stuff like med
ball thrusters and if he's can get very
comfortable with handling a 10 15 20
pound ball moving on his body as well as
the barbell workouts that I'm going to
incorporate with him and then doing the
circuits he's going to be overall more
athletic and beastly basketball but he's
gonna turn to LeBron James while there's
a way so I'm really excited for that so
I just texted him right now actually and
I was like your program is 80% complete
see you Monday and it was like hah shits
about to get real and I was like it's
doable I have three phases planned out
for you I'm gonna send you the first
books I don't want to overwhelm him
because I'm ready lol hell yeah I wrote
like I'm reading a children's book but
phase one is just calling an adaptation
so it's going to be a lot of exercises
he hasn't done before I always start off
with a strength base because that's
what's going to strengthen your bones
your muscles and then I move on to a
couple of basketball skill building
exercises along with circuits and once
he does that for about 4 to 5 weeks
phase 2 is going to be increased
metabolic capacity so I'm going to
increase the volume increase the
circuits because as well as once you
start losing what
you start hitting Plateau so you do have
to increase the intensity or the volume
of your workouts and in Phase three imma
call it hey I fuck you girl cuz ash is
going to be tough but by then David what
I've already trained with me for a good
eight to ten weeks so you should be
ready and I'm really excited I'm I'm
super confident that if he is able to
follow this program not only will he be
able to meet his weight-loss goals but
he'll also be far more athletic and I
know how much he loves basketball every
time we have a chance to play ball like
as out of shape as he is he still gives
it his hundred percent so I know he
loves basketball and if I can be an
integral factor in helping them become a
better basketball player that's like one
of the most fulfilling things I can do
as a friend you know especially with the
background and knowledge that I have
like for me it's like a no brainer like
I would love to help David become a
better athlete especially best book I
know how much he loves and I love
basketball too as long as he follows
Charles a nutrition device like this so
is his nutrition and diet coach so if he
follows that and he follows my program
I'm 100% he's going to lose a good 15 20
pounds over the course of two to three
months so I'm really excited about that
my coughs I've actually got a little bit
better I was talking to one of the
doctors at a barbell brigade and when he
was explaining to me is a lot of times
when you start working out like you
could have allergies or you could have a
stuffy nose even be sick but as soon as
you start working out your body kicks in
adrenaline and that's what shuts off all
the stuff that doesn't really matter
like your coughs and allergies and your
sneezing it's done but okay no wonder
because it's time to I have allergies
and I just pet a cat or something I'm
all fucked up I start squatting it goes
away but then when you're done squatting
and he go home then comes back and
because of the adrenaline and I wished
he was a specialist but he's not so I
still have to go find like a specialist
because I think he's still in residency
so he's still learning a lot of things
but it's just good to get some
background medical information before I
head over to our urgent care so so far
they took my blood pressure
and it's normal and my temperature which
is normal on up a fever and my oxygen
level they did this really cool tune
never seen before they put up this
little slip over my index room and I can
measure
I guess my oxygen levels that's normal
so everything is normal it's just this
cough and I told him about how for the
last five days I've been wheezing like I
have asthma and I know what that feels
like because I had as I was a kid but it
went away for I don't know 15 years now
so I will see what the doctor says
hopefully I can get rid of this I'm
tired of coughing all night long and I'm
I want to just be able to sleep finally
and not have to freaking feel like my
lungs about to break every single night
so the doctor said it could be my asthma
is coming back and the wheezing is
contributed by all the allergies that's
been going on or I have bronchitis and I
guess it's good if I do have bronchitis
because this is early form and I haven't
had a fever yet and so he prescribed me
this thing it's called as death row
Meissen I'm assuming this is the street
name is called
z-pak yeah I'm saying yeah it is so I
got to take this antibiotic I should get
rid of the oh my fucking coughs I mean
I'm not the cause but the bad guys
inside my system and they're also gonna
prescribe me some prednisone it's a
steroid
not like muscle steroid but it's gonna
stabilize my respiratory system so I
don't costal fucking crazy goddamn so
I'm actually really happy
to get these guys cuz I've been coughing
so fucking much and like it this to the
point where every time I cough it hurts
in my head is been shaking from all the
brain just going back and forth I'm
really happy I got these I highly doubt
that it's my asthma coming back because
I haven't had asthma in a long long time
so let's take these bad boys and then
we'll go home and just rest
look at this isn't this pretty cool I'm
just sitting street side of South
Pasadena hanging out by myself and this
is kind of cool though because Jill's
busy today she's getting her hair done
and her nails done and I just finished
seeing a doctor and I'm hungry so on my
way home I was like I need to get some
food so I decided to stop by Farrell's
pharmacy I've actually been here before
and if you guys have never been here
it's dope it's like an old school what
is a pharmacy but not really a pharmacy
anymore it's more of a restaurant that's
like an old-school diner they got like
bacon cheeseburgers they have it's how
you from sodas so the floats milkshakes
banana split like all kinds of like
old-school traditional American food
even got like zucchini fries fried
pickles mmm I'm hungry
and Reuben hotdog this is kind of cool
because if you're eating by yourself
Belgian waffle breakfast
it's kind of cool disagree eating by
yourself and here in a restaurant there
isn't really any one to entertain you
except for your phone
and you're sitting by a booth by
yourself this is a cool spot because I'm
outdoors and there's umbrella if I
really need it but I just get to sit
here and I get to eat some food and just
chill out by myself and people watch and
this is a pretty cool change of pace let
me too much cement all day which
where we work together live together
even work out together and some awesome
food so this is what's really cool about
this place the ice-cream specialties
they got all kinds of traditional stuff
all-american banana split but not our
will y'all hop fudge brownie chocolate
lover's delight and then it's my
favorite part right here with shakes
sodas a beverage and the lights you got
ice cream sodas you got phosphates
flavored syrup splash of soda water and
a secret potion floats pans it
milkshakes
Rickie's and freezes which is just a
soft drink mixed with a pint of ice
cream so this is that old-school old
school stuff I feel like I'm a
michelin-star restaurant critic cuz I'm
just sitting here like undercut her by
myself even though I'm not undercover
but the food came BAM chili cheeseburger
baby and then I got a chicago-style hot
dog with tomatoes onions and relish
onion rings fried zucchini sticks and I
got this thing which is delicious it's a
root beer and vanilla ice cream free so
they take it root beer and the vanilla
ice cream and then they blend it so
instead of me having to wait for it to
melt and mix it up it just comes blended
and
delicious I cannot wait baby you're
missing out you shoulda came with me
shoulda came with me a scenic doctor to
get all this yummy food and I won't be
surprised if I might ruefully after this
appeal I can't feel my face full of you
love it I love it
I've got my face with you
father
you think you need bass I'm rubbing the
screen heading the scream
Rick you need
