what's up y'all I got an update for you
guys and I think you're really gonna
like this god damn freaking sweating
like crazy I just took a shower but the
stupid California heat is making me
sweat so counterproductive why that I
take a shower and right after I'm gonna
be all sticky and sweaty this is so dumb
but anyways back to the update so I get
a lot of emails and messages about yo
boy I watched your guys's boat to
success video and I'm hell inspired I
see what you guys have done with barbell
Brigade and I really admire the
entrepreneurial spirit that you guys
have and I heard that you guys teamed up
with David soul to relaunch go for broke
and I know you guys are making a feature
film when's that going to come out dude
I would love to have updates and so it
seems like there's a lot of questions
about the behind-the-scenes stuff and
also launch dates and updates and it
just seems like there's uh i would say
people that want to get more involved
and and want to know more about what's
going on and for those of you guys who
actually do want to know more i want to
get more involved we decided to create a
newsletter so that we can update you
guys and we might even teamed up with
simple pickup to create a course about
some entrepreneurial stuff online I can
only show that with you guys yet but
it's all it's all in the making so if
you guys are interested in any of these
things we are taking an email list so
that we can provide all this information
and content to the people that really
really care so if you guys are
interested in signing up for this go in
the description below there's going to
be a link and all you got to do is put
in your email and we will be able to
give you more content more inside stuff
about what's going on with just the
whole Jake an empire and I'm really
excited to share this with you guys
because I get all these emails and
messages all the time but I don't have
time to message back to all these emails
you know and a lot of the times i do
want to share with people especially
fans I really want to know or if the
fans I really want to start a business
and and understand how it is to be
entrepreneurial on YouTube online and
I'm like yo like I see the email and i
want to write back immediately but i got
a bunch of other stuff that i got to do
for JK so i might do what if what if we
create like an email list where we can
just create the content once and boom
give it to everybody don't want to know
about that stuff so i thought there's a
really cool idea and I thought you guys
would really enjoy it too so the email
link is going to be down below make sure
you sign up and that's about it I think
I'm going to go take another shower just
Cole just too freakin have a freakin
sweat mustache now yeah I'll see you
guys later peace
