you move back home you know don't pay to
read my mama can't live with you're
kidding me and then she was like no no
no no the mama at Park House there's a
vacancy but I was like he'll mom that
should retire in money like she's
retired already and she has like a
little duplex that she rents out and
that rent money is her salary you know
she was okay just sending it home czars
like damn like this will really help out
because one of the biggest expenses when
he first started business is staff of
course to equipment and the third the
recurring payment of having them pay for
a space whether that's rent at a house
or a commercial space you got to pay for
the space to operate but because she
allowed us to live and operate there for
free that was an expense that was able
to be waived for us as a business and we
were able to spend that money on
expanding the business weather equipment
or growing staff and so because of that
I am forever indebted to my mom for
allowing me to live as a full-grown
adult to not have to pay rent as well as
Geo so me and Geo or actually since
we're married now we're actually setting
up this separate bank account excuse me
just so that we can pay my mom's
mortgage and it feels really good you
know it feels really good to finally be
able to take care of those who have
taken care of you and especially now
that my mom's retired she doesn't have
many sources of income she got like
retirement Social Security and in the
rental property but it's not paid off so
after she gets the rent money she still
has to pay the mortgage but now I get to
pay the mortgage for her so the rent
money can go straight to her spending
and she gets to relax finally and be
able to live a more worryfree life you
know especially like I feel like money
is the cause of a lot of issues and a
lot of problems and when you can
eliminate that problem and I can
eliminate her
think about how am I gonna pay my
mortgage is month or however much it is
it's just gonna make her retirement that
much smoother so I'm actually really
really happy about that and the cool
thing is with all this digital
technology my mom was like when I told
her this she was super happy oh my gosh
and we could do write a check and I'm
like no mom we got digital shit I'm
gonna send a shit directly to your bank
account and then you have your bank
account
I'll recurring payments - and bam I'm
paying that shit for you son the
suppressants so this is awesome
technology I'm helping her she don't
gotta write a fucking check from her
checkbook every month now I'm pretty
happy this is pretty awesome my teeth
I've noticed are hella yellow these days
look at that looks like corn on the cob
and I think it's cuz I'm I always drink
coffee before I work out and then right
before I film I drink more coffee and I
don't have a chance to brush my teeth so
I brush my teeth in the morning and then
I drink coffee twice which is two
opportunities to stay my teeth so I'm
thinking once I get the new office I'm
probably gonna leave a toothbrush at the
office so that I can brush my teeth
after I drink coffee so it doesn't stain
my teeth the way it is right now
because right now I look like I got a
mouth full of gold and and the other day
I took the picture on Instagram with
everybody can go on my instrument look
at it with me Taryn southern Juliette
fgo everyone was smiling and I noticed
that I had the yellowest chief in the
group I'm like everyone's keep this
white am I the only one not given a memo
about chief characters I do brush my
teeth twice a day but that may not be
enough for teeth can especially from on
camera so I'm actually
really
happy that the homies at vanity planet
were able to send me this teeth
whitening kit so that I can actually
look camera-ready and the cool thing
about the homies there is that they are
also the same one that sent me the
facial scrubber so I'm not the best at
hygiene welcome clean so I guess that
hygiene but I'm not the best at being
camera very presentable you know like
I'm not I'm not always clean-shaven
I don't always have a fresh haircut and
every now and then I have some pimples
here than at home I don't I don't take
care of myself the way that I should
especially if my career is on camera so
it's awesome that home is to send you
stuff and I guess the song I'll freaking
get on my teeth work so they sent me
this teeth whitening kit and it says
professional great best lighting because
my team is freaking yellow sometimes
it's good to take pictures of yourself
because you don't realize how busted you
started looking until you take a group
picture and you're like dang how the
freaking busted so come the two of these
ugh dual activation syringes and I guess
there's like two different chemicals in
here and you only have to use a third of
it per session and each session is 15
minutes long so you only have to use 1/3
and I guess you get to control how many
shades you want your teeth to get
whitened and this is my first time I
think I'm gonna just do one 15-minute
session and see how that turns out and
if I like it or if it's not light enough
I might do another one but good thing it
comes with two of these bad boys so you
can keep doing it and it gives you all
the applicator tips to remain hygienic
because every time you want to use a
different applicator tip
Oh
so easy although Chinese brute force
knows not to break that thing all right
so upside down side use 1/3 of it and
then the bottom teeth to my stuff this
yuppie on both sides all smells good
smells kind of like toothpaste awesome
I'm gonna pop this in my mouth and I'll
check in with you guys in about 15
minutes and saw master bucks I don't
know if with the lighting you can tell
you know what my teeth is but we'll see
after this
mmm I was 15 minutes but stop right now
and see oh cool it's about one shade
lighter especially on my front teeth and
I see and the cool thing about this
product it doesn't burn like some of the
other ones I've tried I'll try some
other brands and they put it on and then
within like the first 30 seconds it's
like burning this one that was quite
snuff to then and I answered a bunch of
emails and I actually always forget how
easy it is to take care of yourself but
it's just your mind's not there you know
like who's pop this in like once a day
every morning when I answer my emails
was leaving there were 15 minutes but I
was awesome I'm probably keep doing this
dude I just went che the day and
hopefully it gets lighter over the
course of the week but they also gave me
a dope discount code to give to you guys
so they always hook you guys up so you
guys should be hella grateful cuz I know
I am and that this town code is BK
smiles and it takes 70% off 70 or 75% I
don't remember but the original price of
this dual syringe kit is a hundred and
twenty dollars with BK smiles discount
code you'll get it for 30 bucks that is
ridiculously cheap considering how many
sessions you get in this thing and in
the link to the shop will be below so we
make sure you go down there and check
that out
yeah
so make sure you go down to the link
below click it and now you can get your
own kit and get your teeth whitened and
one thing that I notice at least what my
picture is and how that I'm more
self-conscious about how yellow my teeth
is it makes me not want to smile as much
especially like if I got friends like
making platoon and Deitrick so that's
super white teeth and I'm like smiling
and then do next to me but dude next and
it looks like this you know so the cool
thing with this is the more the wider
your teeth is and the better looking at
your teeth is the more confidence you'll
have inner smile and you'll be able to
smile more they'll be proud of your
smile you know it's always good to be
proud of yourself feel good in your own
skin and thank you for sending this out
to me in the home hopefully this helps
you guys out too and now it's time to
get ready or JK party for some reason
I've been feeling Taco Bell these days I
don't know what it is McDonald's I don't
know I think my tastebuds are changing
you better sponsor me before I change my
mind
and I start only supporting Taco Bell
have you been just feeding for steak and
then I McDonald's to get the McDonald's
Taco Bell and get the grill steak tacos
and it's just fast and I think usually
before I go film and stuff I'm just
trying to find the quickest thing where
I don't even have to get out of the car
and I could just grab some food that's
high in protein and stay in the car and
be efficient so I think that's probably
why I've been going to Taco Bell because
I can get steak there and McDonald's I
usually get their artisan grilled
chicken sandwich so that's chicken but
I've been feeling steak these days and
all the texts I've been getting I'm
actually really happy about right now
because I met up with this guy and he's
like a brand ambassador for a lot of
these car park companies
and he's trying to help get my truck
Tacoma sponsored by a bunch of different
companies and I'm really excited because
anytime you can get three parts for your
car that's fuckin awesome like even if
it's not the brand that you want but if
it's close enough they all do relatively
the same thing it's just the marketing
sniffing you know so one of the things
he just locked down for me was
originally I was gonna go with magnaflow
exhaust I like the way it sounds and
I've had magnaflow exhaust on some of my
other cars but he locked down Gibson
exhaust which makes exhaust for SUVs and
trucks and stuffs on my dope if I can
get like a six to eight hundred dollar
exhaust for free like that that's
awesome so I'm actually really looking
forward to working with this guy and I
can't wait to show you what the tacoma
ends up looking with my creative vision
for what i want the truck to look like
but also with the parts that he's able
to get for free so it's gonna come out
being a pretty cool thing hopefully but
for once I am actually early to JK party
and I'm always late to J keep on I don't
know why cuz I'm never late to anything
else in my life and I think I told you
guys before but maybe it's just holy
crap dude they're having a freaking
full-on film production at my old
community college crazy I wonder what
they're gonna film here but anyways um I
think it is because of all the extra
time that I have in the morning that I
kind of lose track of time like this
morning I got my teeth whitened this
stuff is something I just lose track of
time but I promised Gio cuz I she is she
she talked to me like seriously after a
shoe one of these days and she's like
you know when you come in late it really
does affect everything that I planned
and since she is in charge of all the
scheduling and logistics and even the
creative end of just kidding party I
don't want to make her job harder and be
a pain in the ass because I'm like late
and I can't control myself you know so
right now I'm about 20 minutes early
which i think is awesome because that
way I can just chill and she knows that
I'm there
the worry about me and I can make my
wife's job easier okay so I know you
don't know about this but it's been
giving people fan mail that all our
beautiful amazing fans have been giving
to us and you and I baby bear we ever
see something that's very beautiful and
dear and of course I couldn't wait so I
opened it I wanna see it yeah what is
that
it says for the bed oh cool for the
birds
Sweeney Wang oh cool that one is that
one we are there dogs inside of dogs
yeah yeah they're all wearing little
little masks this one is brown our dogs
what oh that one's breaky oh God this
one's Tyson and that one's fun yep
Oh Brown you that girl looks like brown
brick he is the longest now what's the
way she's looking in the camera
Oh fine and then she so any rights hope
you guys like the drawing of little
funny Wiggy the baby bears and Tyson
r.i.p thank you both for being an
inspiration to me your viewers fans and
the people around you much love and
respect when you do Chidori thank you
any beautiful that's awesome you know
it's cool Thank You Winnie
what's cause now that's one last piece
of decoration after buy from my office
oh this not going in your office I want
to see this alright fine it's not up so
us is our house yeah that's so selfish I
can't babysit I'm gonna put this in my
office where I'm not even at and I can
will you come you can come in my office
and look at it well I guess now I don't
anything to him just send it to mama
bill
bye Winnie now I still have to buy stuff
for my office your piece of art will
never see the JK office ever it'll be at
our house and everyone that comes is
gonna it's gonna warm their hearts and
oh this is amazing before your office
there's not that many people no one's
come in our house anymore once we move
offices we have all the meetings there
no one's come into our house we're gonna
have potlucks barbecues get togethers
fight nights all of them but I'd rather
put this in the office so everyone could
see you put in your office
no it's in our house I don't mind it's
what I want to see it every day I'm at
the office more than I am at home see
whether you cause the fight don't ever
fucking son shit ever again do the
honors open the mail okay so on the
envelope it says open on camera open on
camera all right let's see what it is
camera oh there's so many letters why
you gonna make us do this this one says
Julia was not here well they're all
individual ones handwriting is the
cutest by the way oh this looks like
Clara today Dan Fisher's wife all right
this says more shit on the quitting Oh
Gina
David Casey Isaac etc but I might be
lazy as fuck and that's that's our fan
for sure that's our bad I love you guys
but I'm fucking lazy so I don't want to
do anything
oh that was so much skinnier back then I
know what picture that is - shoot like
from 3-4 years ago hey for someone
that's lazy you did a good job they do a
really good job
oh hello lady I was 13 no I was too lazy
to send fan mail when I was 13 right
that's true I was too lazy to even lick
the envelope and put it in the
motherfucker what is that square my head
is all right this one is this is funny
ready yeah she's like a gangster pop pop
gangster I know what that is that's when
you had the head warmer head warmer hat
we're gonna put these up in this office
for now but then when we move we'll make
sure to bring it and then put well we'll
have a wall that look at dedicated I'll
be awesome that'd be a fucking awesome
well the best fans in the world what
happened we just saw my bear yes papa
bear it was a long day of meetings as is
every Tuesday no how was your day today
right it was fun because we start off
with JK party and it's literally a party
for me because I get to hang out with my
friends and play board games all day so
that's a lot of fun and then I come home
so we finish wrapping I come home and
then I have maybe like an hour off oh
yeah and you put
the fan are they love the Tyson breaky
of fun you already put that up on the
wall - yeah yeah it's fast I I really
appreciate when fans send me stuff you
know yeah cuz um I'm like dang like I
remember I had like people I looked up
to or whatever and like I never went out
of my way like that for someone just
lazy
I was just a lazy kid so for someone to
go out of their way for me I'm just like
hmm what it's so nice of you and I'm
very appreciative of that and grateful
so yeah but yeah so we get home and then
I have like an hour off and then it's
literally back-to-back meetings until
like almost 10 p.m.
anything will happen in any of your
meetings um I mean it's always the
coolest when people can see your vision
maybe not the full scope of what you see
but they start catching on and they're
as motivated as you are and they're
creating a smoother workflow and
motivating other people and like it's
like like the team mentality is what
really um it always surprises me every
time I see it and I'm like damn this is
fucking awesome like like like how is
this happening right now like how how
are you so into this like it's it's
really cool to see things take off you
know yeah so um when I find people that
are like that it's really really really
really really cool for me so you saying
that the team that you have for that
means that you've been meeting up with
it's a really good team so far yeah cuz
it's such a newer department for us we
never really had people specifically for
like social media and what what team is
this specifically they're talking about
the barbell brigade social media barbell
Brigade social media team yeah cool and
we just have different people that just
want to focus on very specific areas of
social media so that's like video
portions of it Instagram portions
Facebook Twitter and they're so
dedicated in that specific
big area that I'm like what you have
like passion and this is fucking awesome
because then it's like since they're
like specializing in one thing they get
to UM they get to really dive into it
and and focus on helping it grow and
strategize and really connect with
people um like on different platforms
and I think that's really cool I think I
think most importantly it's just really
cool that like these guys get to connect
with our fans and our followers but
ultimately I think that's the best
because it's like unfortunately a lot of
people can't visit the gym and visit
these guys in person so it's really neat
that they get to connect with these
people um via the Internet's is your arm
tired
you've been holding it the whole day
well yeah I'm just my brain Steiner had
a bunch of meetings - I had like
meetings back to back and then with Amy
covered like three or four different
departments mm-hmm so I joined you in
the beginning the social media just to
cover comedy the comedy aspect yeah
would you really get at and then we had
our but barbell Brigade productions
meeting and then barber Brigade
management meeting and then barbell
Brigade ambassadors and sponsorship
meeting so my brain is pretty exhausted
and these warm blankets making you wanna
go sleep now I have to we have different
this one's Bart's right here and these
two are mine it's furry on this side and
then it's this different type of not
furry but like wool wooly and then I
have a quilt cuz it's been a little bit
chillier these days these nights good
night
okay is as he squeezed in here
