good morning oh man I had the hardest
time getting up this morning cuz um last
night I drank like half a bottle of
nyquil it's cuz this whole week I don't
know what happened maybe was cause of
allergies or something but it
reactivated my asthma I've been coughing
like crazy like you have a hard time
breathing so I haven't slept very well
and it kind of affects my date and then
I haven't had time to go to a doctor to
get inhaler prescribed yet so I was like
I gotta suppress this cough and then uh
I drank half of all night long I passed
the fuck out and the good thing is I
only caught a little bit in the middle
of the night and I was able to knock the
hell out
I think got around 10:30 and it's like
8:30 now so I slept like 10 hours but I
still sleep because I think I still want
to go back to sleep cause of the
nightclub but I don't know what Marber
took cause she has a hard time getting
up - yeah Bob Rotella bet look at those
puny toe toes good morning my bear
forget that we have to go film stuff
Yeah right
Mikey back and you know I think I can't
get out a bit yeah right mother
they can
feels good and goes with dogs in my past
life I like when you pet me you put my
face again yeah we got get up was gonna
be late though
good morning papa rules tonight go say
hi to your mommy
good morning Barney
big Beauty pies you guys even got MP huh
let's go outside then open the window
and time for you guys to come outside
MPP that your buffle disgusting look
it's brown Oh sick I was trying to help
her
Oh disgusting pretty I'm gonna help you
Jesus I freaking grabbed her and they I
just grabbed her freakin behind and then
there's a touch above cuz I was grabbing
I was like why am i touching skin dogs
don't have skin to have fur oh it was
all warm dress like little brown like
little brown marks oh let me smell it
how's your daughter notice going on
what's with all this commotion the team
well the guys and the girls so we had
this new segment on jkf and for III I
still don't know if
for JK's in this stick this is morphine
to saving mouth now and it's more like a
social experiment now and what how'd the
girls been saying this summer just like
a summary this lies it's lies anyways
one one thing I noticed which is really
funny was I just talked about how they
complain with no solutions yes this is
what I told Bart I said it's funny that
they said that girls can play with no
solutions and then that's exactly what
you said about the guys you know what
I'm I'm gonna go take a piss because
this is about to be a long conversation
it's like right before the movie you
know what boys gotta take a piss do you
wanna get interrupted is that all done
so after he filmed the JK films video
what conclusions or what ending thoughts
do you have the M&E takeaway home
message from what we were talking about
yeah I think we're pretty fucking
amazing as a couple well first of all
what did we talk about in the video so
we talked about guys and girls complaint
and what they complain about so we got
to hear all the guys oh he did oh we we
talked about you know all the different
things that guys argue about and how
they argue that I or complain about them
and then the same for the girls then we
were split up and then girls gave their
perspective or things and
and then we got together as a group and
then we discussed talk about um so yeah
in the in that group discussion I just
came like it was you know I came to the
conclusion that yeah we're pretty
fucking awesome couple because
regardless of the complaints that we
have about each other we're able to
still like communicate and talk about
them and try to find some sort of
compromise or solution or just a way to
deal because certain things you can't
really have a solution to like the way
we communicate our issues you know how
can you be reading a magazine and
talking at the same time that's not me
being manda I should be calling them out
but then the way you say it is so
aggressive though it's so aggressive but
that tone I think the problem with girls
is girls they can have a very aggressive
tone you had your bag of chips like yeah
it was like I guess we rock then because
I were able to just move on I guess it's
a good skill but the problem is for guys
we don't use that tone until we're ready
to fucking murder someone and then just
go oh you know he's messing around cuz I
don't even know if girls I don't even
know if girls can take it I don't know
if girl like you guys dish that out but
I don't think that even girls can take
it where it's like let's say yeah that's
the point the same thing he just does it
in a different way he just said that the
dog he picked up from a pound meaning me
that's clearly a joke clearly a joke
though how beautiful you are
yes you're a beautiful and I love it I
marry deal if you were really if you're
really a dog from the pound would I
marry you yeah yeah it's true
but yeah but that's not what we do
though that's not what we do
no that's not what we do cuz we say
something clever
I used a metaphor to joke with geo
absolutely yeah you don't but you don't
have to take it you don't have to take
it in the wrong way if I use a metaphor
yeah you do because you're fired back
you fired it back okay so I fight if I
talk to you that way that would be cool
like let's say you don't get me a
fucking hungry what the fuck is my food
oh you know I'm just messing around but
that's what you sound like you sound
like because you know what I hear from
you tip this is what I hear from you
what I hear from you is like won't be
messing around and you'll be like shut
up bitch but it's just your voice
doesn't sound like mine but that's why I
hear from you I'm like damn you guys
mess around so fucking aggressively oh I
want to hear it I want to hear
that's not a banter we're not no we're
not talking about banter
we're not talking about rebuttal we're
talking about tone no no it's not bad
sir or rebuff these are right words you
think it's the tone so you're telling me
if Casey came up to you and every day he
was like this if Casey came up to you
every day
and it was like truth you're fucking
pretty
then that's pull with you because the
the words are nice but the Toni guy's
pretty because I know you know that's
natural and I know and I know it's not
true tell me Casey why are you yelling
at me exactly hold on you know what I've
seen I've seen Casey accidentally touch
you and you go WOW and I'm like what the
hell he accidentally bumped into you so
I know how sensitive you are I know how
sensitive you are it's like you know
when you first get with the girl they're
like you know I'm not like those girls I
don't care about this this and that in
reality it's like they don't care as
much as them but I still do that yeah
hottest response you know I could
understand that I hear any girl at the
end of the day thank God just like guys
or guys at the end of a we're just guys
yeah don't be ashamed you are what you
are I love women though you guys well
it's the same thing you guys are saying
we get butthurt you gonna be about her
too
yeah definitely I think what what was
just the worst is like we have a problem
and you were like oh if you if you're to
execute it a certain way and then if we
try to execute the same way you guys did
to the same exact problem that you guys
are having you guys good movie but her
like why do you have to do it that way
it's like that's exactly it to me
that's why you should be on our side
because you know if there were a few
guys that are like that there's bound to
be plenty man I like that in the world
on team guy exactly that I reject guys
do the same thing know what I guys call
them girls all right only got a role
narrow are we doing that food yay we got
food delivered Joe did all the coke
comes like that who ordered called I
don't need to get coke does anybody
ordered coke that doesn't want it okay I
got a chicken kebab yeah oh I got a
regular I got a regular you got regular
yeah this one's regular yeah who ordered
a coke Joe did you order a coke anybody
else order a coke cuz I was thinking
maybe they gave us extra one I can have
it let me figure this up anybody else
order a coke hey Brandon did you order a
coke huh you order a cherry coke damn it
some what did order a coke someone did
order a coke you're right babe what do
you mean very slim but you're right this
time
mmm
that's what I got I got a package today
from Amazon and guess what I got
I got my surefire xc1 I bought two more
because you can never have enough you
know these small little lights did you
get these because I really like these
because they're really small and then
you can buy holsters that can hold your
gun and that light the bigger ones like
the X 300 X 400 sometimes it's harder to
find holsters that can find that two
more for each from every single gun I
just bought it just in case for pistols
or for my pistols because I want every
single pistol malaya yeah it's bright
enough there's no laser but it's it's
pretty bright and it's enough to blind
someone in the eye before you shoot him
5 times what about the other one that
you have to have laser what's that one
that one's like the X 300 or X 400 those
ones are way bigger I thought you had
one that was like a small one like that
that's the this exact same one I already
have 200 I just got two more yeah you
can never have too many sorry I gave you
one of mine be able to put on your Glock
and that's why I bought mine for myself
yeah did you know that your Glock is
hooked up you have a Glock and you have
the light on it we talked about this
babe remember we talked about how you're
gonna be just as excited about the stuff
as aya and they're gonna be my best
friend again yeah but you asked me if I
knew that it had that stuff and I was
like I have no idea what it has you're
playing with it there's a little flowers
out of it oh yeah can you be excited
about the stuff on the side finally
you're a good wife thank you that's all
I wanted I just wanted my wife to be my
best friend is that too much to ask for
yeah but the dog just brought this
amazing gift to you and you just
completely blew it up I just don't know
what I don't know what he got so I'm
like this is great thank you so much but
they explained I mean I guess but the
fact that I said this I gave you mine so
you could have that first and then I
replaced it later on you gotta listen to
the keywords
I did the same kind of dish I know I go
through so much work trying to give
gifts but it just doesn't hit I did
nothing but shit-faced yeah I get a
blank face that's it Newton spear I gave
her a bow and arrow look what else I got
in the mail
Mike the rock Payne pull ahead program
and what does it say it says you have
been pre-selected for an auto loan step
out of your lease payments now I know
how girls feel like you know how girls
are at the bar tons of guys are always
trying to buy them drinks and they get
to say no no no no yes but guys we don't
know what that feels like
so it feels good to be wanted every once
in a while they want me to trade in my
car so they can make me lease another
car but even though I'm not gonna do it
because I love my Porsche options think
your Maserati for wanting me maybe maybe
next time I will get a massive rate' but
it's good to have motherfuckin options
finish to fill me JK news but we still
gotta do the art cards at the end we
talked to you guys and that's what we're
trying to set up for because afterwards
we're gonna get Java shabu cuz I'm still
hungry
how is JK news today was a hard long or
no this JK news is already long we have
40 articles that we do okay we thought
JK films in there makes it even longer
alright I'm gonna get out of your guys's
ways because y'all got work to do and
I'm just gonna go over here enjoy
relaxing and he is catching up on his
phone time and we're just gonna back
away into the office alright alright if
has to do our card let's see how many
takes she needs to get this right
okay hey guys thanks for watching the
hot episode I'm sure you've loved it
make sure to cruise down in the
description box below you can check out
a link there where you can submit your
own news articles and maybe we will pick
them and talk about them and shut you
out doing an episode they'll be awesome
women
alright guys check out more episodes
right over here
hop it up so your next call to action is
to comment down below do you know David
is right next to you turn around that's
awesome
it matches the hallway look
