good morning guys this is one of those
rare times where mama bear wakes up
before I do and since I'm so used to
waking up before her when I wake up when
I roll over and I see that she's not
there I actually miss her a little bit
and I don't even know what she's up to
I know she had some work to do this
morning so she told me she was gonna
wake up early but I don't know if that's
at the office or if that's in the other
room so I don't know I just feel like
that missed her a little bit so we will
try to find her hopefully she's at home
so I can give her a big kiss
my back well done don't show I'm here
tree why cuz then they're super knows me
I look at stuff they're not supposed to
what's on there nothing you know I woke
up this morning and I roll over it since
I always um wake up before you when I
rolled up right right there
where's my bear teeth these are always a
way before you Oh
every time every single time we just
started switching to the new workout
schedule like two weeks ago
no it's been like over month I'm on week
two it's been long
it's been a long time that I wake up way
before you I'm out Oh what anyways I
woke up this morning missed you what
were your pants and I came to look for
you let me share all the dude put pants
on I don't know about allergies was
acting up I love you you know this
morning I yelled at me I know I couldn't
sleep this is so bad one cuz people kept
interrupting my sleep
the dogs kept barking and then you open
up the door
super roughly and you leave it open and
you like pound your way to the fucking
bathroom and you start blowing your nose
so loud and I'm like what the fuck
so in consider it like that won't me I'm
a deep sleep but what am I supposed to
do if I have to blow my nose
I did a cultures doors and everything I
close the bathroom door that's what I
closed the other door makes noise too
so piss where's the puppies huh hmm
outside cuz she kept barking in here
since we got close the shades she kept
seeing dogs and people walking she's
going nuts before you didn't get me
Starbucks hello y'all mitigate Starbucks
promise yeah I'll just get my own stuff
then why did you buy me leashes for the
puppies yeah skinny Oh purple it's candy
my pair you know what I just bought you
on Amazon the 9-millimeter trainer for
your gun yeah it's the laser thing that
you put inside your gun so you can
practice pulling it out and shooting and
it sees every time you pull the trigger
shoots a laser out so you see where
you're going and then I also bought the
laser target for us oh the owner darlin
yeah it's like 200 bucks yeah
so we could just set it up and then any
time I want with a practice shooting on
that thing yeah Jake oh no my cart why I
love you I pine for you why
hun what are you working on Charlie's
fine populated s so I'm actually running
late right now but there's something I
have to show you guys look how fucking
fat I am holy fucking shit look at my
stomach this is my chest and then I have
a fucking pregnant alien I'm a pregnant
alien have a et body and there's a
freaking pound of concrete that just
started here and look at my shorts it's
about to rip
holy crap my freakin buttons gonna pop
off so the good news is I'm about to
start cutting in a month and I'm really
excited about that cuz uh I actually got
that on purpose cuz I'm trying to chase
some lifetime lifting goals and I'm
really close I'm trying to bench 400 and
in order to bench 400 for me at least
having that extra body weight helps and
it helps me gain muscle while I bulk but
once I'm able to hit the 400 then I'm
gonna slowly start decreasing my weight
and hopefully be able to maintain that
while I cut all the way back down so
right now my 220 and I want to be epic
around mid 190 while still Benjen 400
but yeah so I'm really happy because I
I'm actually tired of eating all kinds
of greasy food and a shit ton of food
all day which is good and I think a lot
of people they like to do things in
moderation that's not my style
now this becomes uh dieting and stuff
for me I gotta just get super fat get
sick of food and then I get super lean
and I'm starving and then go back to
being super fat like if you go through
all the JK old videos you'll see me like
I'm like super lean and ripped at 170
boom bulk up to like 215 go back down to
180 something like just last year at the
Anaheim Fit Expo in August I competed at
181 and I'm 220 now so hopefully this
year at Anaheim Fed Ex ball be able to
compete at 198 which is the next weight
class over but I think after this I'm
done
bulking like this crazy cuz I look
fucking ridiculous dude
then I kid up up do you pluck in the
back
a puppy hi my bear
why you look very beautiful and pretty
your call temps 1235 it's all 55 what
why do you look like this eat mama in
front of you he's just you have no shame
what do you mean I have a lot of shame
oh my god move your move your clothes
there is no shame oh my God we're in a
business area right now
and this how you're walking on to work
you're gross
well here you could barely zip up here
forget oh my god you mean you're huge
thank you hey forgive me
hey you're late what are you doing up
there yeah right into the whole time and
while we playing right now you're off
going it like um called rapid fire
what's rapid fire we're gonna get where
bands we're going off
oh cool rubber bands knock those down
that is pretty cool no not that I know
of I might be laying around yeah you got
skills Brandon you're not gonna knock
that thing over stability muscles good
my shoulders just ability I think this
is should be exactly five methane damn I
see been getting those gains oh yeah
that's pretty tight yes sir what's your
job today
what do you doing my job today is to
fail Tiffany and Julie eventful actually
just a film for just King fields and
also what does that mean I have to make
questions for them to add to for them to
answer and then I have to edit it later
for a video or just refills what kind of
style is this this is a kind of like a
it's a kind of interview style but we're
trying to make it in a way where we make
a storyline we're trying to teach good
things in a bad way we're just came to
oh that's very nice yeah
what about you Casey what's your job
today oh and what's your job today TIFF
rapid-fire what's your job Julia uh to
just play game and do this interview
because I don't know we know
me neither what's your job taught me I'm
doing BTS BTS BTS oh my god is inception
what are you doing Jill rapid fire huh
I'm just setting it for our next
challenge are we gonna shoot more shit
she more shit no yeah really
oh cool are you doing part um my job is
to ask you guys questions to answer them
yeah maybe or is it just be there
shirtless it was hot
that's why I'm shirtless could play this
game where we shoot at rubber bands at
cocaine that was really fun next time
we're gonna take it up a notch and we're
gonna put people they're gonna shooting
with guns fun the camera is not on at if
the camera is not on you dropping him
off at their flash that she was telling
me too that when you guys went to Taiwan
yeah yeah you told us where it
fagor pipi was too big to fit in the
chair but she never say Laverne what Oh
cuz in Chinese she's saying like pee pee
like p gu EB
that's just like a cute way of saying
but in Chinese takes two you just start
laughing well yeah I mean just to be
polite because in reality it was really
confusing like how are you laughing
they're like yeah everyone talks about
their dicks with their moms
say like yeah you know I told you to out
offering for business he did not - he
wanted to be there nobody was too big
for the seat pretty funny
she was a see people she meant to say
was but does it mean he says I remember
TV or like how do you fit so I'm like
Mandarin like the the endearing way of
saying but as IPP and I think so she was
just saying waits and she by added an
English accent to which was telling TIFF
like oh yeah Bart saying his PB is too
big for the my mom's crazy she told me
that you told her I look like Santa
Claus now oh yeah yeah cuz she was all
because of that whole conversation cuz I
figured that she met your butt yeah oh
my god butt is so big it looks like he's
wearing a knife or sometime you're just
laughing I'm like yeah did belly - you
look like Santa Claus room today and she
was cracking up when I did Santa crash
she was cracking up but my mom called me
today that she landed and she was like
um hey I landed on my okay cool and it
she was like yeah TIFF told me look like
Santa Claus you must be really fat and
then I was like I don't know I thought I
saw you in and she was like no I haven't
seen her like three months but I think
it's because my mom so annoying it's
like all it takes is one phone call and
it feels like I hung out with her fly
two weeks straight and then now that I
think back I was like oh I actually
didn't see her for like three months
well I'm so judgmental she doesn't mean
well but she just likes to force things
upon people like oh you and TIFF you in
case you should get married
that Casey wouldn't when are you guys
gonna get married that's a good question
why is the pressure like the pressure on
the guys oh whoa whoa damn cliffhanger
ending whoa all right guys all right so
just kidding films the headquarters have
been attacked by bad guys I gotta go
take care of them sharpen the weapon Jen
Oh awesome such the whooping kill no no
use your martial arms what what happened
the women the weapon jammed how many
Bulls are in here though I filled up the
whole magazine rest all right all right
well I'll just give me one quick second
awesome God you take two
all right take two the bad guys are back
no he shot it just didn't move I roll
alright that's how we practice so if I
try to tree to the JK Alfie that's
what's gonna happen if any guys are
looking for a job at JK just know that
there is safety security services here
that provide everyone with a very secure
environment let's look at them they're
still like their life you know why
they're safe because me and joy oh my
god just one that's left
Oh didn't stop the couch chatter fuck
one arrow that shit have the traffic oh
thanks alright so for today's JK party
challenge we did what did we do to make
up something the make up something
challenge and TIFF was my partner so I
want to show you guys the beautiful
artwork that I created TIFF can you turn
around you created this beautiful oh
that's awesome
it matches the hallway look
right now and the mustache I really like
that that's a nice touch
good job art look at that work of art
yeah put a I've made her a unibrow I put
three dots cuz I know she likes dots
maybe then look at really yeah when I
give her a mustache and I gave her a
blue thing to draw the attention from
her dark circles that she hates right
thank you
let me say that and I know you wanted
bigger lips so I made your lips go all
the way around like that uh-huh
and I gave you a beauty mark because I
know that you like beauty monk's
whirring putting away my ears so I
didn't want your ears to feel so I put a
little bit of powder in the ears just
like connects it really pulls everything
together
yeah holy yeah yeah I mean you're right
I do match this and boom this is your
inspiration here no I know I found out
it was oh god why I could not open my
freaking eyelashes for the longest time
why you got a wrap on there no mustache
matches you're really good in Sudan they
found out you were my partner I like oh
fuck no my partner was ruthless you're
ruthless like a pig I didn't hurt you
yeah well kind of I was choking off the
powder and I couldn't open my eye
you kept like accidentally like
scratching me with the eyeliner because
you're going so hard you kind of look
like what teenage Isaac would look like
I'd have a mustache so you can have a
massage a cousin probably Mexican you
thought of a lot of shitting me right
dude I saw a lot of makeup right there
see see there's like this tiny little
red dot that I put there when I was
putting his whole lipstick I said a
pretty damn good ol and then there's
like like your faded nipple there but
you're just not as creative as I am see
you can clearly tell I'm definitely not
creative as you are compare it to faces
for sure looks like a nice job Joe your
hands what do you think of tips makeup
you look like a French clown looks good
right yeah look look at watch go back in
here it matches the hallway
it's like perfectly matches the hall we
have awesome
you're always yeah oh shit hey Gibby
oh just standing there I was just gonna
tell you I'm gonna go home now why
anything is what are they gonna get for
you oh they got food for me oh they just
got me flame broiler all of them wifely
I'd see a mop and we'll go home okay see
you guys later
why oh can you give me polka I'll text
you what I want what the fourth guy that
you just got food
I'm still trying to eat I'm still trying
to hit that 405 I'm fucking around yeah
so I got home and after the JK party
adrenaline came down I'm actually kind
of tired and I still got two more
meeting so I think I'm just gonna change
into PJs and be very very comfy while
I'm in these meetings and I guess that's
one of the perks of being able to meet
at home and momma bear came home dan get
all kinds of presents don't you take him
on bear huh
moppet got me some yummy pokey with tuna
tuna pokey what are you talk to them
about what this I'm tired and a cool
thing about meeting at home as I could
just change into PJs and wear PJs no no
I saw the meeting buddy's got them last
year afterwards they can own how to get
in your car and drive but I get to wear
PJs which is awesome would you get over
there I only got two so rude well he
sent me trophies at Mia sent me some fun
stuff battery packs yeah that's pretty
cool
yeah what's really cool is a mod bread
got me pokey and Sarah got me flame
boilers I got what I know I'm fat but I
still gotta hit my lifetime goals how
fat I am
we got a freaking stomach this thing is
freaking ridiculous it's like I have
another animal on me does it even make
sense
mama do you still love me even though
I'm freakin fat of course are you stupid
you promised of course I love you that's
very sweet of you I wouldn't love you if
you got that I know we know who the one
with the big heart is Papa Bear is the
big kid guys when you fall camera you
guys ready yeah the foggy it's that new
shit 4k that 4k shit ready Danny whoa
why don't guys damn 4k I know that black
and white
what are you doing the name every second
I look over and you're always fucking
around how do I take a picture with this
what are you doing for the barb office
Dean yeah
what are you doing I am writing notes
for the quadrantal film productions yeah
right what the hell is ass I'm fucking
fake I assure you find the trash grab a
beer or the record girl I don't know 40
bucks I don't care
true
that's pretty cool it is pretty cool
that's gonna look good in Marbella I'm
gonna also get a skeleton with a
skeleton skeleton skeleton yeah he said
scallywag er is it skeleton skeleton
skeleton its skeleton skeleton not
skeleton skeleton why didn't we get a
skeleton what to put with their wolf no
we how like wolves oh hey Barbara OS
pronounces wolf wolf whoa I love wolves
no wolves wolves like these guys little
wolves oh yeah
this is the true homie Sarah got me my
first dinner beef with rice flame boiler
your first dinner yeah I'm trying to I'm
still trying to hit that for Oh fine I'm
not messing around
you're into the next week you guys think
I'm messing around I'm trying to bulk
still i'ma keep bulking until uh until a
few weeks later mention what I don't
know I think in like three or four weeks
you're gonna have no fun for a double
probably I'm scaring off hey I hit 365
mystery it felt pretty hard though so
hard I thought I was gonna move faster
than that I didn't move that fast so I
was like fuck I'm not as close I thought
I am this is faster slower
he thought I was fast oh but I don't
know he fought thinks I'm a weakling
that's why so here I was like surprised
I even hit it for one he was hella
strong Matt Venters fucking strong honey
seemeth he's really strong you could do
like a 495 for speed squats are you just
blaster honesty way to 85 oh you read
that much yeah
he's strong face we love you
I can feel my face with all of you
office on this side and that's going to
be our talk show set side house yeah
yeah what is this master feeder song for
me yeah it's gonna be on a couch yeah it
has both roommates and we're still gonna
get a we're gonna get like our logo
design and there's going to be a set
piece what that plug is and now the set
piece will light up but
