breaky breaky a little cutie-pie bricky
bricky Fani we're here we're here Ricky
funny little cutie pies so today is
gonna be the first day that we're not
going to shoot the barbell Brigade talk
show at our house and as you can see in
the back we took the banner down get to
use it for this convention and it's not
that the new offices fully built or
anything it's just we don't have the
banner and we have another guest Matt
Vincent coming in from out of state who
is a Highland Games athlete and sauna
Mike is also flying in so we want to
utilize that space and that space looks
cool so we're like fuck it although it's
not finished it will look decent on
camera it's gonna look better than
shooting in this room and we're taking
all of our lights stuff down so that we
can film there but the cool thing about
this room is that now it actually looks
like a house room rather than like some
random bootleg set so we can actually do
something in here what do you guys think
maybe a pool table ping pong table what
do you guys think we should put in there
but yeah anyways we're going to break
down these lights bring some courts and
then we're going to take it to the new
office and set up there it's 8:30 a.m.
right now and they're coming in at 12:00
so we should have plenty enough time
yeah I gotta figure it out I got a time
out of day I'm sure so this is the way
to our office the deans killing all the
lights and now we're walking through the
set side this is the side that we're
building the sets and we got two showers
built out there so we can train work out
come straight here then we walk past
this hallway once again with that
awesome antique bus let me go into the
JK admin and barbell side and it'll
sense the last time you guys seen the
office they painted the ceilings white
they added a white boards I think it's
hella dark in here I don't think as a we
don't have lights yet we do have some
electricity so that we can plug stuff in
Jill's having a party by herself with
the music and I think temporarily we
probably film here just because this is
the barbell set but there's a lot of
stuff that needs to be done true that's
why they pay you the big bucks to be the
mom out there
yeah I mean it's not it's just a bunch
of little pieces once I do this I'll
move that
we broke WIC Don all right so we're
probably gonna sense mama bear spoke
we're going to film in here and this is
it the completed thing like if you see
that little plug in the wall that's
where a set piece is going to go that's
it yeah that's really cool
so we're gonna put a little set piece
there and I guess we'll be filming in
here but we still have a lot of cleaning
to do organizing to do before we can
actually film in here so that's what
we're here to do now it's 9 o'clock and
we got to get shift poppin you're coming
down at 12:00 and I gotta clean and I
gotta take a shower
ok so so far we clean out that room in
there um because when you showed it to
you guys I was like dust like sawdust
everywhere and there were like boxes and
they were like nuts and bolts and sofas
and some random shit it was like a big
air compressor in there a big air
compressor in there there was like a
nail gun a bunch of shit in there so we
cleared all that out swept it a bit
unfortunately because we can't open the
windows because there's like a bunch of
bugs in this area they like sealed it
shut you can never open those notes so
all this focus and all it does needs to
settle so like you see all this dust
like floating everywhere but that's
beside the point
um we assembled these lights from Ikea
super urban industrial
fucking shit symbol two of them this
light looks huge by the way because
you're a huge and it's like the same
size of you I'm fighting of it yeah and
then pop very simple the coffee table
that we got from Old Market which is
over here another super urban industrial
this one looks really cool I really like
it it's a it's wooden middle on the side
it actually assembled pretty quickly
which is surprising yeah it's all it
unlike IKEA furniture where like who use
like particle board and then they'll put
like a sheet of printed wood on it but
really what this feels like pretty solid
wood it feels like quality furniture so
I'm pretty happy with that
and then you come in here and you're
already please I want to rose again for
Mikey can you not step on it sorry Steve
you're preparing that but I will see it
right here this white stuff that's all
you fun sorry all right
um so I laid them out so that they can
start on unraveling and just kind of
lengthwise if you see the corners it's
still rolled up yeah you see the corners
yeah and that's the end of that we
assembled um so because it's just for
shoot we're not going to believe them up
the office and we're not going to
assemble everything as if we're
open for business so all we're going to
do is just make the set so that it looks
good for camera so that means we're not
assembling shelving or any other kind
into the cool ocean that I bought so
that lets them both another logo here
we're going to find the couches coffee
table comes in and maybe a couple little
items just to give the room a little bit
more texture like maybe like the core I
don't about the wall and I'm still
thinking about it but a little bit more
elements of decoration I think we should
be ready to roll and we're using these
film lights as actual lights cause our
lights don't really work right now but
these things are doing a pretty good job
it's bouncing off the wall and providing
decent ambient lighting but once we
start filming though we're gonna have to
bring in all the lights to power no it's
not this place in the middle what it
sucks that this half of the office so
from that wall in that little Justin oh
yeah behind behind that wall yeah we
were just in um that part down to here
yeah Casey's not working
whoa everything from that point up it
works really good up there really well
it's nice and cool up there yeah I don't
know what's going on the ACA has two
thumbs so that's gonna be a challenge
one more filming so we get hot and we're
going to be sweating balls well good
thing I turn the a/c on down then I
close the doors all their travels out
here yeah I think we need some Sanders
totally for that we can't have too many
fans because it might blow up the dust
because it's still dusty as hell on the
floor already grows super does molest
you wanna bring the couches in yeah I'm
excited this guy circumference help
where are they doing the sat side yeah
let's go get them instead uh the first
couch is in place and mobber designed
this room she was going for that urban
industrial feel hey does it it's really
soft
gee look at a leather look at a leather
son zoom
Margaret got that presidential
collection quick exam vlog
for you co2 so nice Oh
oh yeah was presidential so you know you
know how it goes
hello what a gal - I think effete pretty
three big dudes in here
right welcome to pump up again you're
gone though I should be through today
we're gonna talk about this in there and
get into it you promised no not till
mock so fucking sexy you should call me
on my cell phone late night when you
need my love call me on my cell phone
drinka sharp a copy on my cell phone
me
ah
you know like always you hear songs and
it sounds so good you sing at the
Shaolin you're like fuck it seem just
like them and then you try to record
yourself and you play it back like what
does it sound like shit and our set is
pretty much ready for today does that ah
look at that
we got the industrial lights we built in
the corner we got that America Most
Wanted beauty on the left and then we
got okay yep another industrial on the
corner and then we got the couches the
coffee table and this little well open
buy anything at all is it done like I
have cabinets shelving more little like
decorations coming in and I'm going in
that wall oh I don't it like you
mentioned there's that whole set piece
that's just that's going so by no means
is this even close to completion but
this is the closer we can get it today
for today yeah and this is already 20
times better than our normal house setup
this actually looks like a legit set we
just got to set up the lights put these
bad boys on make the people look like
movie stars now saying they sit see how
I'll ever go to settings about fucking
lights yeah might come over look like
movie star to keep your crazy mama bear
but you love me mama do you love me big
Kenny
hey Mike hey hey Matt I'm fine now Steve
are you so this is our Jay kid admin
side we haven't fully built it out yet
yeah we haven't built it out yet I was a
ballroom dancing studio
over there that's seen dancing that's
Jill's
that's high there's volume dancing like
right dress up Oh like wheel oh it's a
this whole building they do a lot of
fashion around here I might get into
textiles
all right so this is this is our yeah
those jorts know you guys wanna you guys
want a quick tour yeah sure so so right
here this is gonna be our conference
room that's what we have like whiteboard
new stuff and then out front over here
is gonna be like a cafe we're gonna do
like a little uh like yeah I guess just
outside of it should look sick Oh your
barista
Oh crystal and then I here's a one of
the offices for one of our other guys
don't we don't have electricity yet why
do you have a conga drums in there I
don't know it's supposed to be for
decorations this is a Joe's office I
just thought you you did use a bar
Boggan is Yoko oh cool so this is Joe's
office yeah
oh hey brick hey one yes favorite yeah
we're gonna pan my like Oconee Brooks no
like like this he said wait hey boy is
it not likely yes and then I'll over
here is gonna be my office what do you
need office it straight so I can pretend
to work
I got a pretend I like I'm working
how are you can tax write-offs if you
don't know yeah and then over here we
got a no Jill's gonna work on the
barbell room so these two rooms these
two rooms are going to be for a barbell
Brigade just on this so this is for the
barbell Brigade uh office on this side
and that's going to be our talk show set
side oh yeah what is this master theater
for me yeah is gonna be on a couch both
roommates and we're still gonna get a
we're gonna get like our logo design and
it's gonna be a set piece with that plug
is and that the set piece will light up
but I didn't come in yet so we just got
a this is the place
welcome yeah welcome what do you guys
think
thank you thank you thank you Gio
designed this room initiator sides up
set for just kidding yeah the other side
the ball at the ballroom dancing side
yeah yes now that we finished setting up
have to come back home take a quick
shower cuz we're full of fucking dust
and fur I don't even know why this firm
there but we're full of dust and dirt
and all that and Matt Vincent inside of
Mike as you've seen already there we
gotta hurry the hell up are gonna be
able to hurry the hell up my bear cuz I
am we got hotel take a freaking shower
buy some monsters for those guys because
why people love monsters and that's what
they asked for
and then we're gonna be ready to rock
and roll better while mobber
who loves for kids are gonna bring them
in first funny come aside Barney Barney
come on funny
Ricky funny breaky morning
come here funny she keeps poking her
head mommy
Frankie dad look at that ass
look at that ass baby baby look at that
fucking now guys
fucking Malaga oh shit the monster came
in funny Ricky we're still missing one
more Bragi
whoever Ricky come on Ricky Ricky Ricky
come on Ricky
which isn't choose an easy choice jumps
in like that she'll go fuck
so the barb upper gate set is up and
running and it looks really good
you got Nadine being lazy reviewing
footage of course Nelson here making
sure Nadeem is doing his job and it
looks really nice in here you did a
great job ma bear thanks we get over to
Circuit City all right that's right
let's take a look at let's take a look
at what the fudge looks like no card in
camera did you guys take all the cards
out yeah can you pull up like a sample
angle just see what it looks like yeah
oh you did pull it up for portals oh
great let's look at another angle
yeah it's great
what do you think of anything looks good
Nadine nothing it's a huge step for
compare our last
although it was just our house that's
great it looks like a real show you can
wait till we get our set pieces in and
in jail also bought like a bunch of
shelves and stuff and other decorations
I think it's gonna really fill out the
spaces about the backdrop
yeah the backdrop it's gonna be this
like raw wood thing with little freakin
schoolies flags on the side then we're
gonna put a metal bottle Brigade logo
over that and it's gonna be backlit so
it's gonna have a silhouette and then
Jill's gonna put like a little shelf
over here and then she's also gonna put
like some other frickin shelf
decorations and the same style is this
geo has really really good taste and
that's gonna look really good with this
door and this brick I think everything
is coming together very very nicely
after the barbel Brigade talk show the
only proper way to introduce a welcome
mat to the Bartle brigade family is with
guerilla mall the most delicious burgers
on the planet and his first burger came
out he got the pig champion I wanted him
to take a bite
pressures on Oh No it's so slippy fail
the whole thing everything ruined
waffle is it delicious or what O'Day
what did you get in the deme what is
this look for the club yeah come on Omar
oh that one's yours de Paume death
these rides with you pal yeah double
burger Club baby surprise my fries on
your breath you didn't get fries oh I
also got this your burger cheese swings
you can't you're getting fur Gio got the
og Pig champion that's upside down right
now I'm gonna finish what did you get
who Schneider yep I asked for a pastrami
on it oh cool yeah
these neither has a jelly peanut butter
jelly and sriracha right and what's this
bad boy I think was crazy over uncle
I think it's Lincoln very mashed
potatoes lingonberry and daddy both that
is delicious looking I can't wait time
to eat guys by the end of the year I got
tickets
I never knew strip club was my life I
don't understand our issue little liars
wasted years do you think you didn't
part my dryer component below in your
20s I try know that bro I got three more
years
why didn't you why I'm gonna do it now
no you're old
I'm old just your honking blown it
alright is what a fucking $2 steak to
toaster Burlando you have a single good
story I turn round like your buddy fan
bounced to the strip club yeah this is
the fucking Dashboard Confessional here
I are no spear days in the Tuesdays in
LA I got Stan I didn't know what did you
betting get any tattoos no no this
actually you have an Elvis tattoo oh
shit mmm-hmm I don't know that much
about Elvis you can travel it all in
Cabo get into the car what did you do
I'm very confused there's a window of
your lighter ups I've worked from I
always had jobs - yeah at strip clubs
and fucking pudding set of speakers the
cocaine in your nostrils also not
completely that far off man I didn't do
that
let's sorted it out I
to help our ute don't you guys are
friends now look you're not here you
guys ended up at the same place yeah you
just started early because you're like
30-something I'm 20-something we just
went like this I had such a good time I
don't why I want like hangovers I don't
want cocaine addictions I don't want
burning addiction to anything what would
you do it for multiple times over a long
period of time I think it's an addition
know every speaker you set up and it was
a lot but you can have a social coconut
drink again that doesn't count for those
K it doesn't count
you know that's sure I have to agree
with you yo okay I don't know what got
your cheek out or fucking something else
if you've never had any cocaine - no
thanks but I've never had cocaine for my
body and that's something I'm problem
hey I'm not I'm not pretty I'm sucking
down sugars and chugging monsters that's
pretty badass in that horrible diet
monsters and their performance-enhancing
dinos cocaine no show me that today I
would not be a performance enhanced on
cocaine
yeah something would be enhanced but it
would it be better no I mean do we have
so many good ideas many good ideas and
so many inventions we'd be just sweating
economy I mean just like that's what
every other pockets in lobbies best now
I know the other side of it now I don't
know are not better I'm not in Dallas
I'm just saying strippers everyone's
getting into a little trouble for a
little while trouble I agree true
dangers fine but yeah look like I always
been good with my money I don't gonna
spend a dollar bills on strippers you
don't even have to sometimes that's more
fun to do your gamble or do anything I
like again okay
oh it's again it's the way craps crunch
a little too much oh come on no
microwave until eternity by God
like I can play yeah I like to have an
idea of what I'm doing you just got to
do whatever else efficient we all have
money together
I'll try I'm all play well again one
sports eating a little bit what do you
see about the D oh well we went with
Nadine that's we had a lot of fun you're
both known as a constable we all lost
money together ago one winning to you
he's a worse person gamble with by the
way
Ethan a lot of the camp that's uh that
guy was talking about earlier David Chiu
so he had a gambling addiction he's
talked about on his podcast at lunch
and the way he would play with me I mean
he said like still every Friday he'll
get a contact from like an email of like
hey you know if you want we'll send the
jet and have someone come pick you up
and cover Vegas yeah that's great
because he was just horrible and the way
would roll he said like uh he played
blackjack and uh unless it was a
complete no-limit table and how he
wanted to play that's how he played and
so he's got a 400 million-dollar
bankroll now and the way he plays it's
uh so you up on negatives so every time
you lose you double down yeah
so he starts with a hundred bucks yeah
he he think he I think he probably
started like horse blackjack not yo
common roulette baby yeah he starts with
like a thousand I think his minimum bid
at the table were 25 grand something
like that and so will stay just a 25
grand every hand he's winning and so if
he loses a hand him he goes 250 that
hand lives as you go to 100 if that one
loses you go to to go to for eight and
then 1.6 yeah he got he got out to where
he had he was like 7 or 8 losses in a
row
the thing is hole just big enough fake
roll and you're playing by the averages
like you're not going to lose 15 hands
right something okay yeah but if you're
just betting numbers
no this was I'm talking like oh so he
plays like - yeah and but you just have
stuff you just have to have the balls in
the bankroll yeah he said he definitely
had hands of blackjack with 40 million
that's fucking crazy and he said you
know that it'll pay off now as you're
willing to put 80 down on the next one
if you lost you got got yeah oh that's
probably why I started with a thousand
so you can double and double and double
and double
yeah but look we talked about some
nineteen he made a hundred million yeah
that's stupid
that's right awesome Wow plenty that's
awesome okay same day yeah how do you
what do you do
what's a million in fucking chips Allah
Allah probably like kinship yeah
Tim Tim buildings and chips
I like gambling but not well I don't
know any that type of Mena I like it we
both clarify that we don't play hundred
million dollar Facebook all of you
love it
okay like it is as he squeezed in here
Oh
