yay I haven't driven this guy in a while
than through and enter data center
tentative Tantra dananana dananana na na
uh yeah I got tired from just singing us
huh I tell you now how bad I am oh my
nose
it sounds hella stuffy cuz this morning
I had almost crazy awesome allergy
attacks where like I don't know if that
happens to you guys but for me as soon
as I sneeze once I have to sneeze
another 20 times I can't just sneeze
like one time like I look at people that
just sneeze ones like two and I look at
them and I'm like so jealous cuz soon as
I sneeze on it yeah oh fuck about this
beer now shit oh I think I have a really
really sensitive nose so anything can
make me sneeze especially with the
really really bad allergies right now
like there's this huge weather change
and I think the entire world is infested
with pollen and I've been taking allergy
medicine every day but it's not working
it is not working my nose is going crazy
still and I don't even know what the
point of allergies are for all the guys
that are watching this if you're a
doctor can one of you guys let me know
what's the biological advantage for
allergies someone explained that to me
I don't see freaking dogs running around
sneezing all over the place today we
have invisible geo and it's replaced by
the homie bleah heeey hey David how's he
doing my dad astray and he told me um he
was proud of me what crazy huh no we're
just eating at a shabu shabu and um it
was we're just talking about like the
channels and he was telling me how he
told my two of his friends like one of
his friends he was like well you don't
know your son's famous and then the
other friend he said somebody from my
Hong Kong like some of our links and he
goes down the production on those like
short films were really good and so my
dad's I fuck if to Chinese people that I
know I think my son's credible he must
be doing good I like on to random
millions of years subscribers don't mean
shit to a number I know what the fuck
he's probably yeah he's on his prime and
I was I any padding on the back oh fuck
yeah you got a pat on the back
bullshit yeah we're eating like we're
eating at Tokyo shabu shabu and I look
over and I'm like damn that's crazy
I've never I don't think you know how
dad's always saying like some other on
type of way you know like this dude is
like hey I never had the words though I
like a pat on the ass but and then my
mom had a translate to me like he's
proud of you yeah he's never said it
though oh when I got into college I told
my dad and he punched me in the lake hey
I think that was his like saying good
job how does your dad treat you well you
see the daughters like is that the
relationship that guys have my mom she
always says she's proud of me too like
constantly you know most Asian dad
majority when I tear up even grow up
bringing it's nowhere close to guys oh
no do be like they don't get their ass
beat
yeah the shower even love ok just buy
all kinds of shit all the time
that's unfair but ass was it I mean like
we get it criticized by our moms all the
time though because moms are haters just
as you're taking out the affection but I
feel like I feel like mom's treat their
sons a lot better as well of course but
the difference is the ass beating
doesn't amount to the same like when a
dad beats a son's ass it's not the same
as a mom being a daughter's ass but then
we still get our asses beat from our dad
and our mom yeah
moms and dads don't beat their daughters
the way they beat their sons they fuckin
at UW in like Texas boy me well would it
mean good what do you mean you don't
even you don't even you don't even be
ties if you came out this way cuz our
parents beat us
- I can be you got to feel sorry for us
you're on the wrong side that's why we
turned out this way we're like Tyson I
beat the fuck out of Tyson noises overly
aggressive guy that's dead rest in
pieces Jill showed me a picture of them
this morning cuz she was digging through
old pictures and I'm like dad I'll
fuckin miss that guy let me see I have a
picture where's my fucking phone I had a
dream to see how the other night Oh a
day was he doing uh it was me Brown
um Ronan and ball and another dog and we
were chilling and like in front of a
front yard and I was smaller like the
dogs were bigger than me and then um we
saw a coyote on the other side of the
fence and calf was fucking huge he was
like twice the size of me like an
elephant or something and then I told
him go get out of here and I jumped over
the fence and then um they fell all the
dog gonna fight with them and then Brown
got on him like a cowboy and fuckin
choke them and then they would choke no
pens this was ours now yeah like he did
a dodgy jog and they jumped over the
fence and then they wrestle and then
they fucking unlike opaque they just
turned it in and it was so beautiful
yeah that's tight but good look at a
Titan look how thick he was back then
he's a fact worthy he was frickin thick
that's why I like his face to me has
always been like a German Shepherd but
his body's always been a Rottweiler he's
like he's always been a corn is fuckin
like this like a giant bratwurst
that's true Tyson this guy David Hale
how big he was dude come on it's fuckin
dick out the tubes oh look at this cute
ass bigger look at this shit his fucking
lipstick is on him she's disgusting man
I bet his fucking human eyes scroll to
the right this way I think so no I guess
not
by the way what go back to the text
there's a bunch of them I was like oh
damn miss that guy he was a dick before
I know I'm losing old yeah this is at
the house yeah we're still working out
of the house this is when you just scare
the fuck out of it yeah he's got old he
lost all the nerves in the back so I
suppose but all the time this was I
remember you always try to buy you David
I know why I don't know it's weird
because I think is David always wore
black and though it's a weird thing is
like when I basically let that house all
the time and then in that first I was
gone I look for Sacramento for like
three weeks
yeah and then when I came back he's got
hell aggressive it I mean like what the
fun and it was to that point where I
feel like paedon and his never I never
got that trust man
and then it was my mission to get his
trust back and pulled out on his shit
you know
look fucker oh yeah you if you died for
no reason all right Tyson found out that
he doesn't like big cute black clothes
oh the hell yeah cuz remember when we
went gay I don't know if you were there
but he kept trying to eat Khalif Tyson
but when Cleveland August black jacket
you stop and every time I started seeing
how a pattern
of black clothes new people that are
tall with black clothes black jackets
black shirts season like robbers and
shit he doesn't like him no I don't know
you just hated black hello
well he didn't like oh did he hate black
people
no you know what's interesting about
dogs or dogs like I think they feed off
their energy through cuz my cocker
spaniel hated white people like cuz I
say why be more at that time I did I I
hated white people a lot and then it's
really because every time he would walk
in the neighborhood I'm taking him for a
walk you a walk by the black kids who
Mexican kids Asian kids he's cool he
would see one fucking white person he
would flip the fuck out so I think you
like he could feed off the energy that I
wasn't comfortable you know yeah have
you saw a white person you were flipped
out
I sent hated Vietnamese people but all
my friends are Vietnamese at the time
they would always - all tied up I pet
him and then he would always try to snap
at him I don't know why US encounters
with white people you know back in the
day cuz you are one super close yeah so
what yeah he used to flip out now I love
white people what do you guys want to
eat for the lunch times I want sushi you
won I'm done with sushi
are they open oh yeah hi I want ramen
Ando ramen I want yeah most ends are
open the stupid Japanese ours why the
Japanese people so lazy
hahaha take a break whether we look like
that in Japan you didn't have previous
hours I don't remember well they're open
all the time yeah we never sleep no I
think it's the small places yeah well I
did you curly house but then I just have
to I'm just tired of it you don't have
to do that pissed me off
what so the way I specifically save my
fats
I can have an Oreo McFlurry and an ice
cream cone for McDonough that sounds
delicious when the two we thought they
say didn't have ice cream what what
happened what happened it was like 9
p.m. I bet their ID I I was so fucking
pissed like and I got so upset at myself
because I responded to the lady as if it
was her fault like she won she goes we
don't have any ice cream I mean what the
hold on second do that relax that is her
fault and then so what happened was she
goes she goes oh but we have a milkshake
you know there the shakes and I
responded back anger again I was like
well what the fuck did you get the ice
cream from then and she goes well she
started laughing you know cuz it was
being ridiculous and I cut it I'm sorry
like I was really hungry right bubble
good I'll be a dumbass you know I just
got really upset oh you save all your I
only have 80 fat's in module I could
fill my pads quick so when I save up to
have that treat it means everything to
me yeah me too you know and so I didn't
get it though she kind of laughed it off
but I feel so bad because it was just my
immediate reaction I wasn't like cursing
at Rob's not cursing in the air you know
you know what I fucking hate before they
had the all-day breakfast I would go
there at like 10 27 and I'm like okay
can I get the I mean out go there oh
yeah like 10 27 to get like lunch and
then this has nothing to with all their
breakfast oh my god I got interested but
I wanted like lunch because I wanted to
start my day off early and I go can I
get like the artisan grilled chicken and
then he'll be like sir it's 1027 you
have to wait three minutes for my three
minutes yeah I'm like what the fuck way
you can't just get the day started
earlier are you telling me like that
it's the register oh really
it unlocks it Oh like for happy hour or
whatever like they just cannot it has to
be on the minute of or else the register
doesn't allow you to know that that
cashiers and I would have just been like
okay and then wait three minutes
well what I would have done what I would
like is if they explain that to me cuz
I'll be like wait
coz I'll be like wait 10:30 it's 1027
she goes yes wait three minutes
I told you guys a story they might now
you were asking about why why our
breakfast or the meal that I got was so
fucking expensive because I got a
breakfast meal right and they added
orange juice and they added like a doll
or something to it which I've never had
before because it's supposed to be
included within the meal that you get
for breakfast yeah and so we asked this
person I was I know this thing came up
like an extra two or three bucks more
because me and an order breakfast and
they go okay
they're like well it's extra for the
horseshoe so I was like is that like is
that how it is all the time because I
didn't usually get that and she goes I'm
gonna get my manager I don't need you to
get better I just need you to give me a
yes or no yeah but because I added the
ORS and she goes oh so I'll just get my
manager and I'm like what the fuck
answer the fucking question the guy
comes around the manager comes back and
I'm like hey is what easy goes oh yeah
so we had extra for the orange here I
was like welcome she couldn't just tell
me to say yes yeah and she just got an
attitude I just walked away I was like
what the fuck he was a simple yes or no
question
yeah well no stupid employees pissed me
off we still didn't figure out what the
hell we're gonna eat hey I know we had
this whole discussion
what are we deciding on what was the
options ramen curry house mr. curiosity
I haven't been there a long time down
curry house okay curry house that was
your suggestions about a big emboss
nothing about like a 42 grams fat get
them on a baller get whatever the fuck I
want cameras peas the homie bleep hot
bunny
thank you
my bear yes I had an epiphany today
during our JK news discussions that you
can't do anything in life without me
Nels - you know oh the epiphany was you
know how like I always asked you - huh
that I always ask you to come along with
me to do things that I want like go
shooting and play basketball and stuff
like that yeah
and then because TIFF was telling me
that KC always plays country and hates
country music and also Mexican people
and and and and KC just wants TIFF to be
able to support him while he's playing
country on his guitar and stuff and then
I realized why that is yeah and the
reason why I want you to come shooting
with me and play basketball with me it's
cuz I'm fun and I'm awesome
no that's no no oh you ruined yeah
he's hoping that maybe this time it's
gonna be different when you come you're
gonna be a part of the view we're gonna
be like best time and you're gonna be
cheerleading for him yeah and being like
yeah that's my horse
look body wash but the reason the reason
is is it bars the reason is you know huh
when my kids when they first like play
soccer or something at school they go
mom are gonna come to my soccer games
you need a mom yeah that's what it's
that's what it's rooted from it's not we
need a mom
it's like mother fucker meet him ah no
money I pay for shit I'm sick and it's
like wait but that's what we're saying
is that he needs that not a total effect
I want like a parent like hey baby
you're doing what makes someone a
Plainmoor I didn't have white parents so
they didn't support me in anything that
I did and I'm hoping that the
significant other that I had that I'm
married to is gonna support me in my
ways so that's all I want
so if you don't want to fuckin shoot
with me just sit your ass down shut your
mouth watch me fucking shoot for two
hours if you don't want to play
basketball the fucking sit your ass down
on the bleachers and watch me play
fucking basketball that's all that's all
we just need that support and then we
had that consensus that that's what all
three of us want we just want that
unconditional support the way good moms
always have to earn it it doesn't just
come what now we're gonna say to your
kids when your kids like mommy can you
come watch me play basketball you ain't
blood what bitch fuck no your Arnette
shit we're gonna say I like basketball
fucking that's what you guys do right
now you guys autolite shooter so I'm not
gonna support you and give you
unconditional love what are you talking
about cuz I want you to go shooting okay
I'm pieces and their own fucking gun now
cuz I bought them all for you shit
cuz I want you to come and support me I
do support showed up was a fucking lager
full of guns I didn't support you know I
bought all that shit I want you to have
your own doctor on your side people you
know people that they're a significant
other doesn't like it so much that they
can't even get it that that's her
permission what permission do you ask
for I'm asking for that bullshit we do
know somebody I don't know but what I'm
saying though what I'm saying is
everything that I do I just want you to
support me and come unconditionally so
if you want to get extra credit points
as a good wifey play basketball points
and for later I'll tell you once you
aren't them you don't even know I do
know you know you wanna know there's all
it tricks no no you could know you could
change it for all kinds of stuff later
on stuff that's really gonna matter all
right
I mean so that so do you understand
where they're coming from it's from a
very heartfelt place hey you guys are
big babies got a positive a quite big
babe oh yeah I already know this shit
yeah we're big babies you just have an
epiphany
no we're big babies no cuz before the
way it's fucking babies no baby no
because before I thought it was from an
equal place where it's like hey I like
this can you come try this for me but
then I realized the root of it it's we
all need mommies right it's funny move
it we just want to play and have fun but
girls don't have a good sense of humor
or imagination
basically they just like sitting there
and knitting fucking sweaters all day so
that's what is do that we needed what
you guys so got knitting that's why it's
like if you guys are at least like I
don't know what they do either I'm not
there I don't know what they do it like
they just eat and just we all know what
to do that's what he's gone she fucking
crying it's true and it's only because
you're so used to funny
I don't know you guys cry together oh
yeah Brody fuck yeah we go hot right
apart to the existence what did you do
wait what
prior to her existence what did you do I
said everything we did together when
Casey and this guy are gone and there's
no pause if I could tear drops on your
pillow with the heart that's fucking
forms may be worth a someone will love
you the way I look for it they do
sadly disgusting that just means that
girls don't have much going on and we're
like their world
that's one saying oh dear no you mental
I got in trouble because I didn't miss
her give you good Turner I said my rooms
been fucking dirty I think is cute it's
funny yeah I think it's funny too
why what's the difference though what's
the difference yes wait because she's
like fucked up what's the difference
no the difference is that now there
needs to be balance so when you know now
half of the fight now when you guys are
apart it's all about love cuz it's like
you can't poke around into it because
you guys are split so there's need to be
there needs to be a lot of love right
then we get back together then the love
to joking ratios have to be very young
have to disappear medicine oh so you're
saying when we're gone when we're apart
it's all other work together it's all
jokes no the one weird when we're
together it jokes to love Rachel has to
be the same when your girls have to make
a rule book because it's not fair to
just expect it true and that all depends
on your mood oh yeah it's never the same
you gotta you gotta make an emphasis
today I'm grumpy I don't want to jump
around like today way I'm feeling
playful I want there isn't that is
readily should be it's hard because
girls they just have a bunch of like
rotten marbles in their head so it's
hard to decipher that stuff because the
joke limiter disappears during the week
during the week know during the week
before the period the all the jokes this
is here yet some people only the jokes
the one we for you for me and the week
before your period his jokes are funny
ya know he's just another fucked okay I
think that pretty fine makes me laugh
well I'm happy makes you laugh
he said why cuz you don't have a sense
of humor when you're freakin bleeding
out of your badge that's so it's hard to
be happy when you have stomach problems
yeah we just want we just want love I
give you so much love know I bought you
a Glock 17 I don't know how much more I
can love you click click I love you got
in trouble if you get in trouble you go
from youready fucker no not if we
resolved in fucking Kate mental you
can't help them so but now that the
point that I was trying to make do you
now understand why I liked when you come
with me to do the stuff I like do you
now understand that I've been 10 steps
ahead and that's I've been calling you
big baby but how come you don't how come
you still put up a white but I ask you
just insult him see Wow Wow how come you
don't just come with me
yeah why can't you just come with me now
so so from now on you're saying you're
never gonna put up a fight I go hey baby
we're gonna play basketball but of
course I love you I support you in
Citrus fucking down shut your mouth
don't watch me play he just wants you
there yeah see that's how much I enjoy
your company oh I know I'm fine I'm all
for judgment so you're gonna come
they're not gonna put up a fight
anything I want to do i'ma tell you to
come here you gonna do it yes or no hold
on put it on camera then
and I'm so fucking awesome that you just
can't live without me that's base okay
you're so fucking awesome I can't live
without you're gonna come okay
you're so lucky I need to see like
little hearts in your soul fucking
awesome
and I can't live without you are you
gonna come are gonna come and shut your
fucking mouth and sit there stop your
speculation I did exactly did it I did
what you asked for
it no that's the thing with girls they
don't they're not honorable they are
give you one thing you fucking follow it
and I'll get another thing that is true
in nature pray mantis the female praying
mantis will fuck somebody chop off the
head eat them up and throw them away yep
look check it out this I have a solution
for the bulk for all three of you in
fact no no no no cuz come on my boy just
having a dress my point are you gonna
come from now on that's it if you pens
on my moon knows see my just admit it
from the beginning you're crazy yeah you
made me say something for no reason now
that's not fair oh go on a lunch no
matter what okay fine well at least you
got her to agree yeah so now what
bullshit are you about to say yeah I
told you oh if you have so many problems
with girls that's not the point that we
didn't bring that point up he did you're
assumed no none of us did know where I
started off with him saying that he just
wanted to enjoy activities with you help
which I don't see why it should turn
into an argument but it does it always
happens it turns into an argument it
wasn't an argument yes it is Oh amazing
how much man loves you yes writer all of
this all of this is a freak a big yes
are you like like oh really so you know
it's really angry when you're just like
don't talk to
that's when it's breaking cool but up
until that fucking over it I think you
just have to tell she's pretty over now
I'm gonna show ya there's simple mighty
creatures curry path time this thing is
delicious it's like this fried crusted
thing you missed it though famous with
curry inside I don't hear anything
someone talking me I'm cheating what are
you saying
I shared half of my career Palmas
showing he immediately said this are
cool yeah cuz you found here something
nice yeah it was mine
it made me feel like you know what no
matter what as much as I fuckin want to
punch out girls they do nice things that
just make me forget for that moment
that's true because the guy threshold of
wanting to beat their asses up here and
it's always near the top but then they
do something nice it goes back down but
in a musical so it's always there go
live in I'll go back to that window so
you know what he changes opinion when
you did the mothering caring thing we
saw we just want you to take
motherfucker yeah face with you
okay like it took is as he squeezed in
here
