good morning fun I was not expecting
that at all what the hell
get it get it get it get it get it kids
yeah yeah go go one give one get one
such an instigator get ready
that's something cute big kidney
bastards alright just woke up and I like
dogs baby I like dogs baby and also like
really CUNY CUNY robes like this one I'm
sure you guys have seen this one on my
Instagram look at the front of that my
ninja turtles ninja ninja ninja turtles
ninja ninja this is actually the lay I
wore when I got married to Bart still
have it oh yeah and I have Tyson a fan
made this for me and it put it over our
mirror because he's a big fat bozo who's
always he was always staring he was
always always always like facing the
door didn't matter where he was wherever
we were that's where he was and he was
always facing interest he was always on
guard so I made sure that he was still
doing his job
I missed that guy okay
but before I get all sad not too sad I
mean I've I've kind of I've kind of uh
been a good place with Tyson pasty I
still think about him every single day
but I try to be very positive but anyway
I am now getting ready to go to gym I
know how to talk to you guys about going
to the gym and then I showed you the
aftermath of the gym you don't see
anything so today I'm just
take you and show you what the fuck kind
of bullshit
I do in the gym bullshit all right I
just got to the gym and of course my
ritual I had to do it let us stop by 70
Lev's 7-eleven and get my small black
coffee and my snicker doodle cookie
it is so bomb don't sleep on these
fucking 7-eleven cookies trust me these
are Bob and I got an extra one I felt a
little generous I'm not a big fan of
white chocolate macadamia nut but I know
someone in the gym would really
appreciate it so I kind of want to make
someone's day I don't know I didn't
really think it that thoroughly I was
just like I know we have a lot of people
with sweet tooths at the gym I'm just
gonna get an extra one someone onto it I
don't want to give myself that much
credit I'm a fucking dirtbag
I know it
all right just left the gym and now I'm
at one of my favorite stores a full time
to pick funny and rig up some of their
steps that they broke shit I hate when
this happens look at all these choices
for dog collars I was in and get them
needed leashes in college but they have
so many cute ones I don't know what to
pick house initially games like this one
just has regulars gets mistaken for a
boy one has a little a little bow on it
but then I turned around and I saw these
and these actually have like reflective
tape on it so if they ever do run away
at night at least you can see this
little floating thing on them and then I
saw these and these look really cool and
durable and then this one it has a
cushion on it and it feels really nice
for them and I'm like fuck and then I
look all the way down there and there's
just fucking more choices what the fuck
where am I supposed to do now I'm the
worst look at this pink and sparkles no
one will ever mistake breaky for a boy
anymore after this but then she does
another like a little bitch oh my god
but then it's so cute but then if I
don't want to look like a little bitch
and she can read the sparkles
hey okay home now and end up going with
these boys with these leashes that was
really cool color
how does it look against your skin oh it
looks so beautiful you like what huh
you're gonna walk
you suppose though I got that from fun
may got her a harness because I I see
that she likes to pull a lot I've never
used a hard eight
come here come here fun I've never used
the harness on a dog before blonde come
here so I'm gonna attempt to do this
right now yo but I don't even know how
it goes oh my and broken God dang it
fuck okay well let's just see if it
worse come in I'm trying to figure this
shit out fine yeah
do you mind buddy you mind oh man I
should have paid attention
well I can't even put this key hello
excuse you all right on let's try this
shit excuse me you blocking my camera on
yeah I have no idea how this thing goes
not wait up that weights if that was
that why is just like this
just supposed to go around your body
bro what broke in I can't even put it on
her
this is horrible look at this whenever
you want a Boies camera whenever you
want focus okay buddy oh my god
focus well anyway yeah it's been bitten
and stepped on I did not do this I just
took it out of the bag so there's that I
guys are gonna return that guy I'm an
idiot and I didn't look to make sure
everything was working properly there's
that and then I got Ricky same kind but
I got it for her in purple it's a
beautiful purple actually look at that
such a pretty purple when the camera
wants to walk through there we go it's
really pretty
same thing for freaky I got our little
harness this one's actually not broken
do you want to - you don't even know
what this is yeah I'll play with them
and this later
I'm kind of hungry right now I got
myself some Yoshinoya beef bowl for the
beep and then I got the shit bags cuz
they're shit bags and I got to put their
shit in the shit bag and they always
look at me when I pick up their shit and
they're like yeah take that shit up girl
damn it
but you were on the leash why pick up
your shit when she put up your own shit
but I mean I guess I have the upper hand
in that department at least I'm a
curious as to what shit feel like
because I know what shit they're like
exactly you think you would feel like
warm and mushy pushy a little bit slimy
sometimes it's really thick
real the soft never really picked up
diarrhea before oh no I did but not on
the shitbag I hadn't pick it up with
towels and stuff in school what was the
whole town but good and then that's when
I incorporate breathe through your mouth
so I'm like try not to smell this shit
so yeah that's something to look forward
to for considering owning a dog they're
amazing and all but they shit
hi yellow shitbag yeah she doesn't care
what about you do you care that call
your shitbag sit shitbag sit shitbag oh
shit bag sit shit bag hey you're not a
shit bag no your netid shit bag I can't
believe she she sat unless a chef um so
last night we had sent Mike and Matt
Benson come over and it was fuckin
awesome cuz this ball over here was
sunken to the bottom because they're so
heavy and solid but then when they left
I rolled it out again and then it got
super fluffy again we're good you want
to get on that yeah you do 3d yeah you
do Ricky you dropped my camera why'd you
do that
now it doesn't want to focus please
focus there you go look at Ricky she
didn't like it she dropped my camera all
right guys what just happened we just
had a meeting about you know we had are
just kidding films our rebranding of JK
films yeah why cuz what's going on with
JK films
and cool is anything cool gonna happen
or is it still gonna suck he's our
little unicorn oh my god we don't know
yet because we don't know how the fans
are going to react to these new concepts
that we're trying to shoot so we're
gonna roll with them and see how nice
that's Byron by the way and I say but
that Byron's be Byron's
so I'm gonna start calling on fire on
now all right brain funk I don't go home
nobody is gonna do my did you might have
color correct yeah
toy boy that's it I'm out you tired are
you so tired your body dead due I'm
gonna draw a bath for you yeah you wanna
hot bath okay hopefully that'll help
with your I'll are used to poor baby
what did you eat for dinner cuz I
haven't seen you all day you know my mom
made us food over the weekend why don't
you eat that it's for Sudan throw
chicken with lemon rice hey yummy fine
what's going on on your neck you're
hungry again I just asked you two
minutes ago if you're hungry and you
said no what happened
I know but how how did that happen cuz
you smelled it huh how long has it been
since you ate oh okay I'll give it to
you hi everyone
hey girl hey girl hey hey hey what bozo
are you going you little coyote hey hey
wait that make you so happy
funny hey girl what the hell
fun hey so it's my time it feels like
there needs to be some payback for all
the times someone puts me on blast and
I'm using the restroom
that
there's something that
is he squeezed in here how does it feel
to be put on blast huh always putting me
on blast and then pooping or peeping cuz
you look weird
oh oh oh oh you're Barris oh here did
your voice keep going alright yeah we're
done our day is done we're not gonna do
shit we're post go onto TV and on to
fuck out so have a beautiful night and
day I don't know when you're watching it
but whoa no light yes thank you and good
night
it's okay bye
more power
I really find out it's about an inch and
a half two inches from your eyes what's
this thing here it's called the doctor
what it is basically how icons are how
they work is they don't use batteries
it's tritium and fiber-optic it's
supposed to be good up to ten years
