good morning guys so first thing first
let's address the obvious thing I've got
something on my teeth anyway so let's
talk about my day
no I'm just kidding yes your screen
isn't playing tricks on you yes my hair
is the different color so a quick little
story is I'm trying to go gray I'm going
to show you this raw hair I'm gonna show
you what I was the look I was trying to
go for okay
you guys but see what I'm doing here we
go just the look I was trying to achieve
so this is the ultimate goal look right
here right and you're gonna be like oh
my god G oh you need to change your hair
stylist because your hair is nowhere
close to that well here's a story
because I have a very dark hair kind of
maybe here is what it looks like my
natural hair color I have to bleach it
so that it can hold on to color and by
bleaching it that really really damages
your hair so you want to bleach it very
slowly now the first time I didn't know
some of you guys saw it but on my
Instagram story I posted and I looked
orange that was the first path the
second path I look a little bit less
orange but I can be walking around or
filming JK partying JK news with orange
hair so we started adding some color so
you can kind of see here it's a little
bit more and
but we added a gray but orange mist mix
with the gray and the gray is more on
the blueish side and it's true to color
when it whatever it touches whatever um
the base color is it's going to mix with
that gray so it's gonna turn out to be a
different color so there are some
strands of my hair and this if I could
find some where my hair was previously
bleached from just you know another time
I'm gonna look a little bit more grey so
you can kind of see it my camp Ida
strand but yeah so um my hair is gonna
be a journey so expect to see changes
like every month so you guys know my
ultimate goal and I'm gonna start going
into this face
next and then from this phase I'll go
into this phase and then from that phase
I'll go into oh yes give it to me I
can't wait for that phase so yeah and
what brought upon this change I don't
know I'm a very impulsive person I just
like I'm gonna do it I'm bored in my
hair and then I didn't think about it
too much I hit up my hairstylist crystal
and she was like oh my god would look so
good on you so let's do it
and then within like days Here I am so
yeah I don't think about things too much
especially when the thing is so small at
least for me I know for some of y'all
your hair is your world for me I got
bigger things to worry about like psycho
so if my hair is fucked up
whatever I'll go bald I don't care so
that's kind of my philosophy I care
about the things that are important to
me the things that are not so important
I'm like eh let's let's experiment let's
have a good time so here I am and also
I'm here where I'm never anymore at my
desk at the JK office because usually
I'm working out at the gym or out of the
baby lab side or just working from home
so I miss my desk so much I'm not gonna
lie you guys I really miss this desk
like it's so cute like my little station
is so cute
like come on like come on like come on I
like like come on like come on like my
parents like come on like come on it was
well thought out I like it I'm proud of
my desk and the way I picked it and yeah
that's a bummer that I can work from
here so I'm very excited to work from
here today like come on wake up I like
come on
okay that's annoying
I'm gonna stop someone get to work
before my first meeting because um I
didn't get to do my homework last night
we can all relate so I'm gonna I'm gonna
cram some shit right now I'll see you in
a little bit so bar soccer check time
should I be looking truth I figured it's
talking shit what'd you just say so I'll
just say it so I'll bleed it just like
this watch whether Bobtown be Troy and
Kim who's Kim Tim is my girlfriend she's
but what is I was like if you ever want
to fight with your girlfriend Cindy with
the girls if you ever want to find what
your boyfriend so we can find a lot of
material with my first thing to do is
start a blog channel and you will have
the endless amount of ice is that true
yeah no and I'm Christina yep everyone
that watched our stuff middles that are
really positive what they don't know is
that yes we do fight you a ton what is
your fights look like that I feel like
you guys are gonna be like pretty
positive fighters I should throw a
bottle at your head no I can't imagine
you breaking shit like that
I'm sorry I'm not trying to diss you why
did this thing he's more acceptable than
you are six-six mother fuck our new
house your new house yeah we already had
them but we've already had a plaster our
fucking are when you alright
I recently did it I threw a remote at
his head and it went into the wall but
we're really trying all right I don't do
that shit don't throw stuff I don't
break shit I'm just like if I throw
sugar break it I gotta fix it and it
spend money or time to fix it so I'm
like fuck that I'm just I hold myself
and I just take a deep breath sometimes
mark Barkley to that bark push me take
some of their exempt Ursa no I'm going
to listen to you though what I listen to
you
like sometimes I'm like this and then
all of a sudden chairs what he's like no
it sounds like we're in a really abusive
relationship so we were really trying to
get anything a lot of the times when you
start things with your significant new
territory territory it's like oh man
we're so good here of course we'll be
good here but once work gets involved
and then there's expectations like hey
I'm supposed to edit and you're supposed
to do whatever or we're supposed to take
turns or whatever because it's not
because you guys aren't going into it as
a business relationship it's really easy
for each person would get relaxed and
then as soon as one person isn't as
motivated as the other that's when the
fights happen a lot or the vision is of
the same or what do you want to get out
like one person might be like I'm really
trying to capture this try to campaign
that's awesome
Wow so basically don't start a channel
with your significant other and
basically you're gonna divorce you're
gonna that's a professional
well you're not cuz you're an animal
he's sensible I'll do is say fuckin
Christine Allison fucking she's a
fucking girl how do the whole fuck to
use our laundry
your guy I just I just take a deep
breath and I go oh he's just a boy good
boy
not even amazing all the boys yeah I'll
take it one of them I'll take it you're
playtesting we're beasts it's a really
cool video chips look the only fresh air
pouring ball was and then you had what
you are right now we're talking about
scrapping it like 30 minutes to an hour
explaining it I figure it out
alright guys from the white robe I'm
sure you know where I'm at already yes
I'm home but I'm talking really fast cuz
this guy's in this first phases oh my
good boy of crawling so he's already
getting on his knees and has his arm
straight which is perfect for the
beginning phases of crawling and also
now he's dragging himself so he knows to
get up and then just drag his body
what's gonna happen more and more is
he's gonna learn that putting one knee
in front of the other is gonna help him
move towards whatever it is that he's
trying to reach and sorry I think I'm
watching like Mummy Returns or something
so loud and in other news look how
savagely huge this guy is he's wearing
12 to 24 months socks he's only 5 months
and I'm just doing some work yeah keep
an eye on my food good boy hey look at
his butt so cute
all right so just finished dinner and
I'm in the playpen with Tycho Malaika
the little koala not koala but koala
crawler hey cutie pie I'm a little cutie
cute you are you doing a little cute and
cute you don't crawl go for it
take it away amigo come on little twiba
be new sweeper Yanjing those are the
only words I know right now or a few of
the words that I know cuz we go oh oh oh
and then we go in Jing and then that
ease Maddy's betta and then we go book
ah it's way bow I think I'm pronouncing
those correctly yeah yeah go take it
away yeah yeah yeah go go go get those
knees up baby
go go go go good think I believe in you
I believe in you
it's okay I'm pressure no pressure
big cutie patootie see out that touch it
look
play with it
yeah we got this on Amazon get out of
here house get out one needle my needle
baby we got these on Amazon - so these
inner links spongey met with the
alphabet on it stop that team fifa tiger
balm on it so I can't show you guys so
Tycho thinks this word is hilarious
ready okay cherry no BP BP it's
hilarious huh
watermelon now is not that funny
BP whoa what happened take a BP what a
melon no BP you gotta act ups now huh BP
all right he's over it I did it for a
long time already
he's just not having it anymore hey this
is the current situation I bought them
some doggie toys and you guys saw how
much I bought them I got them like Oh
cute doesn't know the words yeah you
just know that you want he just feels it
right yeah
his eye the way across they were
cross-eyed no I bought him so many like
you guys can see but they immediately
destroyed like ten of them so that's all
they have left so give me some
recommendations I know there's like a
tough we're just a car like tough dog
toys or Duff or a buff or a month
what yeah I think I don't know I'm
tripping but anyways guys it's that time
of the night
where I'm gonna flirt with Bart we're
not gonna make another baby no we're
gonna flirt in front of the deme to show
them how it's really done
if you move faster this game yeah oh
that's a good boy it's okay it's okay
yeah you've got the cutest butt ever
let's let's just appreciate his little
bum bum look at that cute little butt
and only like 5% his diaper all right
it's a nice butt but anyway I was saying
yes thank you guys so much for watching
I hope you guys enjoyed your day
watching Monday and I hope I get to see
you tomorrow
adios we're not just one
