all right so I'm somewhere in West
Hollywood and I'm going to
my longtime favorite bestest hairstylist
ever and she has recently moved which is
kind of cool for me because then I get
to discover really cool parts of LA a
while this one's more West Hollywood but
there's like the christian louboutin
store there's Canara brag there is a
bunch of really nice cars and stuff and
you know stuff I'm just like the low-key
kind of guy so
even though they had that
all right face one I'm inside and I
already cut a lot of
sighing
all right some home now at all all right
so not much really changed I'm actually
starting to go lighter with my hair I
just got a couple little highlights here
and there which I can't really tell but
I'm with my boy and I always feel the
best when I'm reunited with my baby so I
couldn't wait and I didn't want a vlog
so I was rushing home so that I could be
with my son look how cute he is she's
just so calm look at this baby so cute
but yeah um I am warming up some food in
the meat grown thus aka
good microwave so I'm gonna eat and then
I'm gonna go train but come on I was
away from him for like way too long so I
had to come home so that he knows how
much I miss him cuz he's my baby boo
thing you know and these are my baby boo
things too but wait was the other one
where's the other one oh there she is
there you are
you big cute guys you okay but we're so
calm are you sleepy usually have some
energy I'll take you that's just hope
you're not getting sick okay
cue me this is me trying to eat right
now
put my finger in your mouth is study
don't won't let begin your mouth and
study you were talking earlier what
happened do these fascinated the table
match excuse me huh your head is so good
wow it's so pretty huh so goody
so pretty
Wow look at this this is what he's
fascinated with and my food alright just
finished training and it's almost 6 p.m.
sunset already but there's like so much
fuckin traffic like everywhere I look
it's everywhere you look I'm going no
more than like 15 miles per hour like
I'm not even going on solid 20 this is
ridiculous this is the height but I
guess it's alright
I could be productive and I could listen
to Joe Rogan's podcast which I have been
but I'm such a lover of music and I have
like over a thousand songs in my
playlist on my phone and I'm always like
I want to hear my music especially even
right now that I finished training and
I'm still kind of amped I had two
monster today for like the first time in
forever and
I'm like really crazy apps right now so
I think I want to listen to music
opposed to listening to a podcast so
we'll see I'm gonna be in traffic trend
at least 40 minutes so we'll see right
now it's 549 and look at all these trot
cars my window is dirty here this way
this is fucking Reed augers
still okay I just hit 20 guys whoo-hoo
oh my fucking god it's like semi central
over here what in the fucking fuck is
happening or is it always like this in
LA and I'm just not aware of it because
I'm usually not training this late at
night I saw what it is anyway I don't
mean to complain y'all I really don't
and I know I complain a lot
hook up and be grateful that I get to do
what I do whenever I want to do it I get
to do what I love but you don't want
fuck that I'm pity I fuckin petty I'm
patty all right I'm on great look at
this guy look at this guy oh you
freaking cheater why why all right I'm
just ranting at this point and I'm being
frickin obnoxious I'm sorry but I'm very
lonely okay there's nobody sitting next
to me this cars lonely type is with
Grandma
Bart's getting a massage because his
necks all fucked up I'm just behind a
whole bunch of red lights and I wish I
really wish that I could talk to you
guys and you guys could talk back to me
I really do
I one of the things that I actually
low-key enjoy a lot is going live on IG
and I know I've only done it like less
than five times but every time I do it I
love it and I wish that there was a way
that I can um connect it to my car
somehow where it was very safe maybe
like a heads-up display I don't know few
guys know what a heads-up display is but
basically you see my windshield here
there's like a mirror I don't know the
science behind it but basically whatever
I see here I'm my odometer speedometer
trip ometer here it gets displayed and
reflected on the glass here and then I
never have to look away so if I if
there's if there was a way to make it
fucking dangerous as shit and get my
mind distracted completely it'd be
really cool to have a heads at the
display where I can go live on any
social media like whether it's like
twitch or or Instagram or Facebook or
YouTube even and I could interact with
you guys I'd be really cool cuz look at
this I'm just wasting my life away like
sitting in traffic
I'm sure there's there's gotta be better
things to do one of the things that you
on musk wanted wanted to do or is in
talks of doing I don't know how soon
this will happen I feel like it's gonna
happen in like 20 years but whatever um
is that he wants to create underground
speed ways or highways in LA
fucking cool because we're so old and
outdated over here and there's so many
people because la is just fucking cool
and I'm sure the city that you live in
is fucking cool for the reason that you
love but this is a burial there's no
city like LA City like there's just it's
just a fucking cool place to be yeah it
really really is maybe I'm just being
super - because I grew up here but it's
really cool but it would be super cool
if there was less traffic alright imma
stop complaining about traffic so I'm
being really really annoying but thank
you guys for spending time with me right
now in the car cuz I've already spent
like ten minutes of your life talking
about some useless shit that's not gonna
affect you guys or any takeaway message
that you guys are gonna have from this
but I really appreciate you guys
listening to me 100% I hope you guys are
having a beautiful day I really do you
guys are sitting here what I talk about
I think I would ask you guys honestly I
would say so where are you from
tell me about yourself and I would
genuinely be interested about yourself
like where you came from and I would
want to know where we're gonna parents
from and if they were born here like so
cool what were they born what do they do
if they weren't born here
I'd be like what where were they born
what did they do over there why did they
come here
that's so cool what do they do now how
were they as parents like I would ask my
shits no questions oh man oh my god
there's gonna be like a skater okay I
thought he was gonna run into a fucking
car come on dude
yeah he's wearing black look at you see
him I hope nobody hits him and I hope he
doesn't fall cuz that's the last thing I
want to see but you see that a row of
red lights okay fuck I'm sorry I did it
again I did it again I said I wasn't
gonna complain and I complained such a
loser but anyway I can't wait up just a
little update the skateboarder made it
alive he's no longer on the road and
there's another one who I'm telling you
little cheater
anyway alright well I'm gonna drive
safely and sit here in traffic not
complaining just being very factual and
I will check in with you guys when it's
safe and I am at home with my big-headed
adorable baby I love him so much you
didn't need to turn your lights bro turn
on your lights turn her mine
alright so I'm home now safe and sound
and yeah the traffic was horrible the
whole way but I'm not complaining about
it I'm complaining about it I calm with
the baby and the Papa and the mama but I
just wanna be in it and the baby look
look look at the mom oh grandma bear
right there I'm a grandpa and the MA and
the paw we're about to I'm about to
train my mama and thank you guys who've
been leaving the comments look at
grumble bear she's losing way she looks
good she does look good she's doing a
great job and I'm so proud of her she's
killing it um I got super excited today
because I started getting all okay
they're gone well there was a few
packages out there and that's already
the beginning of some of the Christmas
presents that I bought my family members
but it I can't talk about the Christmas
presents because I have really thought
family that watches these vlogs and this
vlog will go out and then they're gonna
see what I got them for Christmas so
just know that it's gonna be breaking
coup freaking COO but can I share
something with you connections and then
with YouTube so since my mom babysits
type in the daytime oh we both have to
go to work
I leave this baby monitor on and this is
his little crib Oh fYI we just moved him
into a crib from a bassinet he's such a
big boy now I'm so proud of him
even though he really didn't have much
to do with it it's just something that
naturally happens but I'm still proud of
him okay so this in me Papa yeah I keep
this baby monitor on for her and I'm
such a loser
that I look at this baby monitor so I'll
stare at it and I'm like how crazy would
it be right
if I just saw something just walk across
the screen cuz that's scary because
nobody's up there how crazy would it be
if all the glass of these bullets flew
inside right now and then for vampires
jump this better Nick uh I don't really
care much about the vampires I think I'd
be more scared if just the glass
shattering and not knowing why that
would freak me out yeah but if the
vampires came in then I'm yeah I'm
freaked out but then I know that it's
because the vampires are coming in but
this one freaks me out because it's just
like just imagine it right we're just
looking at it guys
and it just goes it looks like this
that's not cool
that scares me but anyway just waiting
for Grandma bear to get ready and it's
gonna be fun times I think he's gonna
throw up on you
he's just finished eating this guy is so
hard-headed he's sleepy he's so sleepy
but he refuses to go to sleep cuz he's
so curious about the world around him
look look at those googly jellybean eyes
take more like a hey you look like it's
been awake for days like jellybeans eyes
McKinney we're gonna get it poppin
alright so I think I'm gonna put Tyga in
the boxing Olympics cuz his skills are
not he's only three months look at this
look at that face so nonchalant
I think you're the only one having fun
he scratched me now we're done we're
done we're done you're not going to the
Olympics I don't care how good you are
my pazham spit can you get a little
stiff sir that doesn't do that shit
Jackie Jenson was the epitome of a
cheeseball chief Johnson's maybe thank
you
you got to stay stiff or Kenya don't do
that shit get stiff and you won't move
Wow I just bought them these like a week
ago
Diaz remember my little Mexican worm
that I bought them and they've been
spending every day just tearing out the
stuffing stuffing stuffing doggy can you
go do my stuff Ricky computer you think
seven Finch good girl good girl
take a ticks of the love I can't bet
them that much cuz I'm always with Tyco
or I'm about to always be with Tyco sure
all right well that being said the boy
sleeping
I'll show you get this cute frickin boy
he's knocked out and I've set this up oh
I didn't tell you guys if you haven't
already noticed he's using his crib now
and I didn't tell you guys briefly but
didn't wanna show you guys but yeah I'm
so proud of him he's in his crib all by
himself but this is the the pillow I
used to have when I was pregnant with
him but now because he can roll and
stuff I'd lightly swaddle him so he
doesn't use that a tight swaddle anymore
see he usually gets out of this blanket
but then to prevent him from rolling or
whatever and to keep all these little
bears and stuff whoops keep these little
bears away from him
I had the mommy pillow so he's safe and
sound
and he's happy to go yeah good boy
all right he's knocked out and I'm about
to follow suit I'm definitely gonna copy
him I'm gonna take a shower
because I worked up and you get freaky
her medicines yes you see we need Monday
she heard had her Sundays we need give
her Monday yeah we're gonna call it a
day and one day I will put that wreath
up
I've bought that wreath when I bought
that Christmas tree and I've yet to want
to put it over and it's it's real it's
gotta find time but I do it I'll put it
up I'm stuffing an asshole it's not
being lazy bitch I'm gonna put it off on
the weekend Pez thank you so much for
joining me on my day and my annoying
rants and I could be a lot to take in
but I really appreciate all of you guys
that sit with me and watch this video to
the very end I love you guys and oh and
I should start doing extra start like
revealing secrets at the very end of the
video and then have you guys comment
back what the secret was and then only
the insiders know what's going on and
then I'll know who the true true fans
are I'm gonna think about that that
sounds like a really cool idea for me at
least anyway thank you guys have a nice
day see you guys tomorrow
