good morning y'all today I'm doing
something completely out of the blue for
a weekday you guys know especially on
weekdays it's usually as soon as I wake
up hustle hustle hustle got meetings got
a film got to do whatever but today I'm
starting the day off with going to the
gun store and that's because I have a
gun on hold and I've been so busy that
the things that I put on hold there I
haven't even been able to pick up and
they call me into like you know if you
don't pick this up finally we're gonna
have to give it to someone else and what
I have on hold is an m24 which is super
sought-after so if you don't know what
m24 is it's the military version of the
civilian Remington 700 and I'd even know
you can get the military version usually
it's only reserved for police snipers or
army snipers but Remington is doing this
rerelease of the m24 with pre bleep
previously used stocks with previously
used stocks meaning they're taking
brand-new m24 action which is like the
part that goes to for people that are
into guns and they have a match grade
heavier barrel and they're putting it on
a stock that's been actual military user
I'm buying this as a collector's item I
don't think I'll ever shoot it and I
don't even know that they made this
until one day me and Joe and what to the
store that was you go to rifle gear and
one of those stores I'm usually go to
and we were just buying other guns and
they're like you know I want to show you
guys something and it brings it out I'm
all dealt that to m24 because yeah and
it's also for sale and I was like why
that's just for sale and Joe at the time
was in the market for a 700 I told John
look if you don't get this rifle I'm
gonna buy and it's so Joe ended up
buying it but the whole time all that
fun I wish I had one too I've been
asking around and watch a bunch of gun
dealers websites and I've been asking
around for m24 to finally came in
and so it came in and it's on hold so
now on a random weekday before I shoot
just kidding party I'm gonna go pick up
this gun and speaking of police officers
there's a highway patrolman over there
freaking being a little sneak attacker
trying to catch people riding dirty you
know one thing I always wondered about
cops that just camp out and I have a lot
of confidence too and all my confidence
are fucking awesome but there's a little
freaking sneaky weasels
I'm always sneaking if we're just
sitting there camping out for a traffic
ticket aren't you wasting the
opportunity of catching someone that's
raping or burglarizing or doing some
other crazy-ass crime at the same time
but instead of like going around and
patrolling and finding those those
fucking rapists you're going to catch
someone that's going like 70 and a 65 65
mile-per-hour zone that's one thing I
was begging is I got my Starbucks the
power lead throughout my day and I got
some OG because I feel obviously under
the wetter weather I'm feeling under the
weather so I want to overdose on vitamin
C T as you can tell my nose probably
sounds a little bit stuffy I think it's
from all the travels so this is the guy
that I've been waiting for if you look
right here does it say just model 724 I
was not focused
we're girls this is out of 24 and it's
an actual circus stuff meaning that
stuff that's been used either in the
line of duty or just very training by
military and the barrel is way heavier
it's super thick I'm here to mine the
700 this is a piece of history right
here which is why I'm so excited to have
this I think ultimately I'm going to get
the scope that was also the service
issue scope and I'm gonna build a little
glass case and put in the JK office once
everything is done and it sitting like
this
are you just looking at for the scope
yeah so this is another scope that Ricky
recommends Ricky knows a lot of us a lot
about a lot of stuff and now this one's
a alkyne and the cool thing about this
scope it goes from 1 times magnification
to four times in the switch of the lever
natural man to do it
so it's like a like a prism where it's a
bunch of mirrors and throw lever goes
from one before it's made by a computer
Daisy on yeah which is you know they
specialize and in satellites and cruise
missiles it's a Canadian how do you call
back so you order for you know you have
to go is this a scar 16 this is sick you
guys saw this bad boy yes we do but when
we get them in stock there are always
sold out we always have them on order
recently just got these ones into 17s
and fpv and we sold that and probably a
lot of day what's the difference between
a 16 in a 7 this one's chambered in 7 6
2 by PI 1 oh this one so no way I stand
ups all the contracts it's awesome and
then what do you look at the mark 6 so
this is the mark six 106 and I just
wanted a little bit more distance on my
right it's a personal point in your
reticle
stay true to every magnification yeah
and kind of changed itself in that one
power it works something like a red dot
or kinds of shit from car to car very
fast and then if you power it up to six
times
you definitely can't stop touched up a
little bit further away that's very nice
how much Cisco it's right at 21 and this
one is balanced there are about twenty
three series equation the face one
doesn't have a illuminated reticle yes
it does it does
yeah so to turn on your reticle
obviously that's like okay Sonic is
basically between every switch there's
an off switch so that when you'll have
to do one full cycle
okay last mark can you do your research
on these guns do you only buy like the
best shit I try I mean basically I was
like why start in here
just by as much as one community I came
up yeah then one time I've been here for
about twenty years not more thesis to
change and trying to pick up you know
the nicer things and not have you know
30 30 guns yeah yeah yeah that's true
and I'm an a contractor or show you how
many conferences okay so these two
rifles are the ones that are his
favorite even above the AR and this one
I take the same AR round this one's 308
so it's a little bit or seven six two
which is like take the cake a round and
he was just show me the difference
between the scope that he likes and
everything he ever shows me I'm like
fuck - is high that's why I like coming
to him because he knows a lot and yes
good taste for all of these are Michaels
using it remember like nervously here
and I just you know I'm here most of the
time tall so I just try to have a lot of
marks over so some of us here Canella
13:7 barrel head and welded to a tape
slide and I put a trigger guard our CEO
so it's going to be a fixed for power
and concrete little off enemies I really
fought it is about an inch and a half to
two inches from your eyes so that's
that's kind of weird
what's this thing here it's called the
doctor basically what it is is when your
tree basically how it comes out how they
work in they don't use batteries
it's tritium and fiber-optic it's
supposed to be good up to ten years so
when you're indoors and in low light or
no light that Chevron just is very faint
because it's being powered by light so
when you're indoors I have this zero in
our seven yards and you can take a look
at it it works something like a mini red
valve I see so I'll have this zeroed out
like 50 to 200 and that guy there that
seven yards just a little bit closer Dan
you're ready for anything it's just
working here and just seeing all the
nice things that's it
what's the effective distance for this
kind I'm shot this out too I'd say at
Angeles to something ours so I was
running a little bit late well not late
but I only had like five minutes to pick
up some food cause I got hungry again
before JK party and i forgot about one
of my childhood favorites and I was like
oh shoot five minutes we're can I get
quick food that's even faster than going
through like McDonald's drive-thru and I
was like 7-eleven because we sev 11
right next to our office and I picked up
some iced tea Arizona iced tea and I got
a big bite baby I haven't gotten one of
these things in a long long time and
it's pretty cool huh under pressure I
was like oh shoot I gotta get some food
and I was able to end up walking right
now so I don't have to track what I eat
because in about a month or two I'm not
gonna be able to eat this stuff anymore
look what just pulled up TIFF
Tiffany hello
bye what is this alright
hi the first hand I got all right so the
first thing I got was this scope nothing
and um when I went there um who showed
me the bunch of other scopes and I'll
tell them how my scope on my 700 doesn't
light up and it sounds like oh he goes
wait you didn't get the one I chose it
I'm like no I don't think so and then so
cuz yours lights up right yeah yeah I
think I got fucked up I didn't go
through you look just a mother guy yeah
and then so I'm like I'm gonna get a new
scope anyways are you returning that one
no I just put that on the 700 just for
looks
mm-hmm and he goes which one should I
get should I just get that one that Joe
got it goes down one's really good they
just came out with this one's on that
you're gonna put that on them to win 24
I'm gonna put this on the 700 never go
shoot them 24 you're never gonna why is
this gonna be for Lana
oh my god shot my and I got rain water
all over it now I'm about to kill that
motherfucker
so I got this thing like how he sold me
on this goes this one just came in is
brand-new at the SHOT Show yeah
the owner of rifle gear has one yeah
it's super expensive and then and then
he also told me at the SHOT Show hard
people were how they were getting
people's attention was they were holding
the scope and they're banging it against
the table to get people's attention and
then when they took it out to the range
um usually the spotting scopes are way
clear the rifle scope yeah but this
scope was clearer than the spotting
scope oh my god I was like I don't it
out yeah I asked him I was like hey
Ricky are you gonna get yo like yeah
alright meet you so I got well you're
putting this on your AR right now are
you gonna get a new one I'm gonna put
this on the seventh on the 700 wait what
about the other one so the other
schoolboy got all you had it on your AR
yeah so I took I had the red dot on the
AR da and then uh I'll put the outcome
on and they're looking at why are you
pointing no I'm not framed but yeah I
like that scope like it's really fuck
yeah I was gonna get that too so I'll
put the Elkin on so where'd you put your
aim point then oh oh
again and it has a 1 magnification
immediately throws the for yeah it goes
back I was going to get that one but the
problem with this is this is in the way
I go up and so what I'm gonna do is
where he's gonna find out the a I'll put
this on that gate and keep this one
stock to remind me of my old Marine
Corps man we just use irons on that
there's are you gonna put your an point
back on no I'm just keep the irons
because I are just fun to shoot yeah
so I got this guy and then I cut I put
the red dot he's pretty heavy those and
then I put the red dot on this guy
hahaha on the D Pete oh my god this one
doesn't have scopes anyways yeah all you
need is a red dot yeah you need to get
those fucking uh spiky ass muzzle brakes
- did you shoot that yet here
no not even though oh my god wait this
is the 400 but I heard these are gonna
be illegal soon some what buy another
one they are yeah I told album with my
real one I'm gonna get one too then if
it's good that's what that's just a word
on this channel is it it's gonna be
grandfathered in if we buy or do we have
to give it back I don't know yeah I'm a
bear what are you doing oh oh there's
nice is that a glass top
I'm not buff like a trunk is that a
coffee table our table that looks really
nice
but I've done Tommy so we don't have to
whisper anymore
what else are you looking at more bear
uh this little creative things that I
can purchase for the office like what I
don't know yet I really like your taste
mod bear a really really creative tasty
sauce what is that bear paws mitten Oh
cat paw gloves for cats well I think
it's just a cat paw all before humans oh
I like this bunk bed for um pets oh my
god awesome Britany there's it to be
honest
oh yeah how big are the dogs pretty big
Don that's true I just I just opened it
up in a new tab
yeah maybe if you go to the source
company we could find a extra large
version yeah that's why I just opened it
up in a new tab and I saw this those are
free to say see you want better is good
I find it dope stuff that's pretty
simple I love your taste my bear thanks
oh really saying that are you gonna hook
up my office for me I already did it
yeah I just did you uh send me a shirt
look oh it's got all of my email yeah
those lights are awesome that desk is
all I get you a powerful looking desk
I wanted a powerful like a desk - are
you mommy
no cuz I'm the Emperor of the company I
deserve one I know you have a window so
I made that shelf shorter so you I don't
block your windows everything thank you
so smart I'm not done yet
can you help me find a dresser that to
hang clothes - yeah
cuz you see all those clothes over there
on that rack what about a life-size
chocolate one I need to put um both
clothes into a dress or some of some
what about a life sized chocolate gun
apply yet I'm eating it though okay what
is that beer pong freakin cops s yeah
perfectly yeah hexagonal that's we got
sick
this site is awesome no you guys are
good to go
by the way - what - film yeah okay also
we go in that room no I'm only doing
one session at a time so you guys look
at too cold for JK party oh okay close
in your next round I'll do another Lucca
film for JK party okay Jo time to film
para JK party
ah I am so tired today I don't know why
but um we just finished playing just
kidding party and you guys know it's a
super intense high-energy game so I
could be tired for that but I've been
tired even during the game and before
that I bought guns which Hill it gets me
really happy so I might have had like
adrenaline rush but I'm usually not this
tired by 5 p.m. and last night I slept a
good seven and a half hours I need nine
to you know really really really feel
well rested but I don't know why have
you guys ever felt that where like for
some reason like you feel like
everything you did right it's not like I
partied like crazy last night I've been
eating but your eyelids just wanna close
maybe it's cuz of the emergency trip to
Taiwan I had to take and I'm like double
jet lag because it was like back-to-back
flights on days or something I hope I'm
not getting sick as yesterday after I
came home well during my writing session
the feature filmed on writing with Casey
during my writing session my nose was
already going crazy it felt like some
guy had a leaf blower and he was just
blowing cats out of there cuz I'm
allergic to cats and my nose was so
stuffy and itchy I just kept sneezing
over and over I started bleeding all
over the place and I was like oh shit
what the fuck's going on my life's
ending and I started getting this
congestion in my nose so I took a one
allergy medicine that I'm supposed to
take only one in 24 hours but when I got
home I had another allergy attack and I
never had like allergy attacks before
and then so I took another one and then
at night because I've been blowing my
nose so much my nostrils felt so freakin
dry that I rubbed all of my nose and my
upper lip with Vaseline cuz I know that
the next day just gonna be chapters of
how dry it was ready and Jill loves me
and she even brought out a humidifier
for me just to keep my nose nice and
moist
and fuck I woke up this morning because
I think I've been up because it's so I'm
so clogged up in my nostril I woke up
this morning um with my mouth all dry
and my nose hella stuffy because I think
the whole night I was just breathing
through my mouth I woke up I have that
and I had like a ring of that dried
state you guys ever had those when you
wake up from sleeping all night with
their mouths open there's like that ring
of dry spit die you have to brush off at
the toothbrush and then so it made me
with all those symptoms I woke up this
morning feeling like I was sick which is
why when I with the Starbucks I got the
orange juice of freshly squeezed one so
I hope I'm not getting sick as I hate
getting sick especially of how busy I am
and my schedule right now I can't afford
to take days off and going to Asia has
already sent me back but I had to do it
as my family and I just I don't know let
me know let me know in the comments
below you guys sometimes just get mad
tired out of nowhere and I don't want to
be like a caffeine addict you know like
I think the easy solution is obviously
down a couple Red Bulls drink coffee but
I feel like I don't like to be dependent
on stuff you know and it's not just
alcohol or like weed or cigarettes like
I just don't like being addicted in
general I like having full discipline or
full control of my behavior because I
feel like that's what makes you a man
and I feel like as soon as you give that
power up to someone or something you're
less of a man because your mental game
is not that strong so I don't like being
having to be like an addict oh shit I
gotta I had a downer coffee real quick
and I already drink one coffee one
morning of the day and then one cup of
coffee in the morning the day so to me
that's enough and I drink it male 8 for
flavor because it goes well with donuts
but damn I don't know I was so tempted
to early I was tempted to just go make
another coffee but also I want to be at
it and then start being dependent on it
because I've been down that road before
and then there are times where I'd be
drinking like four cups of coffee plus
two Red Bulls a day and that's just way
way too much but the crazy thing is I
still got two more meetings one about
the barbell Brigade gym and the other
one about barbell Brigade productions
good news though we just set up our
barbell Brigade productions bank account
so now all the payroll goes right out of
the barbell Brigade productions bank
account and I no longer have to pay out
of my own pocket this before
I would pay everyone on the staff out of
my own pocket and there's nothing wrong
with that but it just makes accounting
like so difficult when random what are
they called thumb expenses are coming in
and out of your account and when my
accountants looking at he's like wait
wait a second why did you spend $4,000
on camera gear and then all of a sudden
you buy like toilet paper is that for
the same thing no no don't wipe it for
me cuz I wipe my ass then the camera
gears for pilot productions but nowadays
could be nice and clear and open and
also we set up bank accounts for like a
few other barbel entities so now
everything is clear and starting 2016
everything is super clear in the books
and I'm really excited although you
can't tell us I'm really tired I just
got home and I still I get some food
before we meet yes
dinner the glorious in-and-out butter
Gail oh yeah three by three animal
styles my favorite Nadeem ice to get the
four by zero loser
it won't work no cheese oh yeah
yup I got a large lemonade oh I sure got
a large coke beef on me which one did
you get you got a 3 by 3 right 3 Magica
onions 3 by 3 grilled onions was that
probably one of these guys cuz I got two
three by threes hey you little freakin
sneak attacker trying to steal my food
bricky you cutie
and then I also got a animal style fries
so this is a staple in California and
there are a lot of people from Texas I
don't know why but they think what a
burger is like they can compare it's not
even close what a burger is like
microwave Burger King that's exactly
what he's like
it's there's grease that goes with the
wax did you guys know that nn-now isn't
even considered fast food because they
don't make it til your order is so it's
actually considered a restaurant what a
burger is nasty
so about to eat dinner I am so hungry
and I feel like I'm just gonna go sleep
on a quest to have two minutes right and
this is animal style fries and for those
of you guys who have not seen this
before this is also a secret menu item
it comes with cheese and the spread the
signature in and out spread and grilled
onions it is delicious as well as these
guys it's animal style burgers that
comes with extra lettuce pickles more
sauce more Tomatoes everything more more
more more more grilled and his baby baby
boy
so I just finished the meeting and by
now I'm extremely extremely exhausted
cuz you know how exhausted I was before
but I didn't eat enough yet so my
darling mama bear brought me two more
sofas I did not buy he just said you
guys had a shit ton of in and out yeah
but that was like my first meal of the
day before they only had a hot dog
and some breakfast sandwich and I'm
taking my training seriously I'm trying
to hit 405 in the next couple of weeks
Oh cuz me and Adam have a bet whoever
hits 405 on the bench in the next couple
of weeks
takes the other guy well the loser takes
the winner to get sugar fish head so we
understand when it comes to beds and
stuff the beans track record it's pretty
good he always loses you just screw his
hair back yeah just and now he's gonna
have
money's never debt in his account yep of
like 200 bucks on Deafness it's just a
so pace oh oh yeah
so pays baby baby D nuts on you
what a great why are married now so you
have to pay for me did you hear for fun
if you get 135 uh who do you think
massages him and boosts his ego so that
he can tell you about you definitely
probably be hyping him up before his
work out you're not even there when he
works out I don't there okay sure
that's not what a bird told me
sure yep so that's it I'm gonna eat
funny now eat five it no bars I got
honey I'm gonna eat and then i'ma call
it a night and I'm freaking extremely
exhausted and I want to sleep early so
I'll get sick I can feel my face when
I'm with you
Oh huh you say huh Oh she doesn't even
know what she's saying she's just saying
a bunch of mumbo-jumbo just rambling on
Oh
