hey what's up beautiful people just got
in went to the gym this morning Oh fine
who's up
hi pond hey baby anyway so what's the
gym then I picked up some more furniture
for the new BB sets by bbm a barbell
brigade and then I went to pick up lunch
and I was sitting here and I was
enjoying the view of my girl fawn and
Briggs that are sitting in front of me
and I was just admiring specifically
Fonts beauty because she's not the most
symmetrical dog out there so yes most
dogs are pretty damn symmetrical I'm not
talking about their fur patterns or
anything like that I'm just talking
about their face and their body and all
that um you know they look pretty
perfect but fun unfortunately I don't
know her history because she was adopted
but her ear the flap is down and that
was one of the things that actually
turned Bart off about her when we were
looking to see what dog we were gonna
adopt he didn't like that about her he
wanted both ears to be like Ricky you
see how big his ears they're both
pointed up that's a Bart really likes he
likes symmetry and he likes that he
likes the dog to look a little bit more
aggressive because when you have a
little flappy ear you don't look
aggressive you don't think you're about
to kill someone you look like you're
like hey buddy with that so you look
really sweet so when he saw that about
her he was like uh I don't really like
it but he didn't voice it at the moment
um when we were looking at dogs we
couldn't just go it wasn't like your
typical pound where you going and like
the dogs are in cages and then you just
pick whatever looks cute we went to a
specific German Shepherd only shelter
and you weren't even allowed to see
these dogs first you go into an
interview room you get interviewed to
ask about your occupation where the dogs
would sleep if you have any other dogs
what kind of dogs if you do have them
what kind of dogs they are the age the
breed the gender because that's all very
important when you know adding another
dog to your already existing household
um or your already existing dog in the
household so you know we did the whole
interview process then once we passed
that interview / screening then we were
allowed to come back a separate day with
our dogs so that they can meet each
other and make sure that we put two dogs
together that are gonna have compatible
temperaments because if you have an
aggressive dog and then you or
aggressive or a super alpha dog and then
you pair them up with another aggressive
or super alpha dogs and guess what's
gonna happen they're both gonna fight
each other so that they can be the
ultimate alpha so Tyson for example was
that anyway I'm getting on this whole
new tangent but my point is we couldn't
even see the dogs so or we couldn't see
the dogs at once so they had to bring
out one by one and then we kind of had
to see how you know our dog our current
dog would react to the new dog and how
they like smell each other and if they
respect each other and you know just how
that whole chemistry's working out and
then you know once we would view that
then they would remove that dog and then
they would bring in a new dog so we did
about we didn't do anything we did about
like one or two or three or something
like that was a really small number but
then once fani came out and I saw she
was reacting to us and I was reacting to
just the whole situation and our dog I
immediately and this is gonna sound
fucking weird and but it's gonna sound
like what its gonna sound like but it
this is 100% the truth I felt like this
immediate comfort and and um familiarity
with her like I saw her and I felt her
temperament like I knew she was scared
but I immediately knew that she was
gonna be a really great and sweet dog so
immediately I said I want that one like
I want her and Bart was like I'm sure
like you don't want to just try another
one I'm like no this is it like I don't
need to see another one we saw what I
needed to see and I felt really
connected to her immediately so I guess
at that moment Bart was like oh but her
ears she just looks dopey but he didn't
voice it because he saw how committed
and how confident I was in that decision
he was like fuckin I'm gonna support you
I'm gonna get it but then like a few
years later he reveals like hey you know
what I really wasn't really happy when
you picked fawn because of her ear but
now I've grown to love it because it's
it's you know it's it's her like that's
her little that's her little quark and I
guess I was thinking of that cuz as soon
as I sat here I just thought how you
know she's a very beautiful dog and
she's very sweet but she's not your
typical German Shepherd looking kind of
dog you know she has that dopey ear but
obviously because dogs are animals have
not I mean we're animals too but they
don't have self-awareness like she's not
gonna be self-conscious of this ear but
I just thought to myself like I need to
learn to be more like fun where it's
like I do have self-awareness but I
shouldn't care about shit that doesn't
matter like specifically with like I
guess appearance maybe I don't know like
initially I'm thinking appearance now
because that's what I'm looking at with
font so I'm like well I'm not really
self-conscious when it comes to my
appearance or whatever obviously look at
this I have like so many stress pimples
going on but I don't give a shit like my
hair is all wack I'm just like whatever
I just went I just got back from the gym
I was dealing with a bunch of different
people when I was buying stuff but I
mean that's not gonna determine like the
way I look on the outside it's not gonna
prevent me from doing anything but um my
point being is that's something that
Vaughn is teaching me like I think I I'm
trying to adopt them more like be in my
surroundings but also be very aware of
my surroundings in terms of what is it
that I can learn from the situation what
is it that I can learn from the things
that are in front of me so as I was
sitting here I was looking at fawn and
I'm like oh that's what I can learn I
can learn to be more comfortable in my
own skin so maybe I could have just
started with that and then gone on this
whole long tangent afterwards but sorry
I'm not like Bart and Bart gives you
like the best stories and he structures
it perfectly in his the way he can
articulate his
awesome and he gives you like the best
like hands-down the best freaking
metaphors and analogies known to man
unfortunately I don't have that I just
do goofy shit and even at that I do a
pretty mediocre but hey I'm gonna look
at my surroundings and maybe the people
in it and close to me and I'm gonna try
to learn from things that they know and
try to adopt those and like be more
articulate that's what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna just listen apart I'm gonna be
like the articulation anyway I'm gonna
eat them but here cuz you're so curious
probably not I'll show you what I got I
was creating something really light so I
gotta like that oh I got poke it baby I
miss Hawaii so much I think that's why I
got polka pokey makes me feel very happy
inside and the poke is kind of whatever
at this place but I don't know anything
better so I'm gonna eat how fun they
give a bang so cute funny thank you for
being so cute Wiggy they're like shut
the hell up
I'm doing a little bit of housecleaning
see sorry looks a lot cleaner this way
black furniture you can see that it
collects dust and usually collects dust
and about like a week it really is crazy
so this is all clean but do you guys
remember that little beanbag chair that
David got us and then pull Nixon be nice
to sit on all the time and it's like
super compressed well I wanted to even
it out and I wanted it to let it breathe
but I had no idea that moving it around
and letting it breathe and rolling it
out would turn it to this oh my god
Ricky go over there
so they could see how fucking huge it is
compared to you
come here let me see I want you to get
perspective come here sit sit sit sit
sit
look at that oh she moved who shit just
happened
what are you talking about oh she
drifted the homie bleah I believe we
just decided last minute that we're not
said well Bart decided last minute
because we can't even see anything right
now
that's what I told you guys yesterday
you had me here 11:30 yeah I mean Matt
Vincent here doesn't use the carpool so
what we'll do we can go there early and
we just drive separate and then I think
we should try three cars because that
way if you have to go pick up silent
Mike you go pick up side of Mike if you
if it takes your wallet is set up and
I'm still dirty you need to come back
and shower and get ready for the thing
I'm filming I'm gonna be in it No
can you be in it you want me to be in it
yeah why cuz you're more knowledgeable
and you have more flow with them but
you've been doing there I know but I'm
more host your host
anyway so you want to be that you want
to be the Builder than tomorrow because
ideally we would probably want four
people in the W the best okay I see what
you're saying
all right well do that we'll do what you
said that's an emergency okay well do
what you say yeah so ideally both it's
probably that makes England meet you me
and those two but then I can get ready
fast so once it comes to your I can to
cut off time I want you to come I have
my emergency fast
ready setters fine setting we just
carpool cuz we didn't know we had all
the setups to the new place on the call
me he was getting a good job of pressing
on that cushion though it's an it's an
email that Michael sent just right
Michael yeah just right like in your
search yeah yeah let's exhale it here
can you uh so my mom brought his food
that's the whole thing I was trying to
that was the point I was trying to be
courier I forgot to vlog cuz I hadn't
seen my parents in a long time and my
mom came up with a really cool idea and
she's like every month I want to cook
they're so busy yes he'd never come and
see me and I could never go and see you
because you guys are always fucking busy
all the fuckin time so let me just put
through so she asked me for the month of
February what are we doing it I said the
13th she's like down she's like what am
I making
I said you're famous he's gone for the
chicken it's not a Mexican dish I feel
like my family made it up at some point
and that's what she brought today some
cilantro chicken there it looks like
stew but it's not stew so it's just
chicken potatoes carrots and then she
made her lemon rice and it's just like a
white rice with a lot of Limon and then
she brought salad flan and some like
jello shit how did you like her food
have you ever had anything like this oh
fuck I could have sworn that you guys
never tried it delicious yeah my mom my
mom swears that she's not a good cook
though it's delicious yeah my mom kills
it she was so cute she was so nervous
she's like I'm stressing out I
overcooked my potatoes I was cute she
stretches out over the dumbest shit
that's it that's it there's not even
cooking him up if he's not gonna eat it
yes he won't
fun look at that nose look at that nose
you didn't hit her hi baby
hey not talking to you
look at his butt though how does it feel
I have such a big butt do you recommend
it for the girls that have no butt or
the boys that want a bigger butt clothes
to buy here you keep looking you up bed
none of the clothes fit him
and you were saying um you get a little
bit taller right when you're sitting
listen John about blood pushes what's
that
I already talked to them about my little
trick right here I like to put a weapon
with all oh yeah I already talked to
them about it I explained a step by step
where'd you learn that from
I just ever since I was no no I'm gonna
do the same thing yeah got a lot of
leftovers in big cuny Pablo that's sure
it doesn't fit you anymore well you're
gonna start cutting one a few weeks he's
so loud
aha
she doesn't even know what she's saying
she's just saying a bunch of mumbo-jumbo
just rambling on
