well it's beautiful people snaps I
wasn't in focus yet but now I am hi
so I am on a scavenger hunt today
because I am putting together the
barbell Brigade set and today's
Wednesday and we're trying to film
something by Sunday and we don't have
anything in their head so I am kind of
running all over town right now trying
to find places where I can get furniture
real quick are what's coming in today
our couches are coming in today which
are going to be really cool and that's
going to kind of set the mood for the
whole room and it's going to help me in
terms of decorating the room I feel like
I have a pretty good understanding of
what I want our set or room or office or
whatever to look like um so I hit up a
store earlier today and right now I'm at
IKEA second store just like I can pick
up some items real quick and pretty
inexpensive that looked really cool and
along the vision of what I want for the
office um yeah so it's gonna be fun
today is going to be an interesting day
of just running around town all day
today so sorry guys not that fun awesome
IKEA the land where you have to know
everything about construction and not a
carry shit everywhere yay
IKEA always makes me wish they lived in
a really small place because they
decorate everything so fucking cute ah
seriously
they make like the smallest faces looks
so dope
frickin I keep fuckin with my head let's
finish talking about his skit and
literally two seconds later what they're
already talking about lights all right
well you want to give your position away
don't like oh yeah that's why this was
asking like why would you have this
happen hundred lumen light even exist
and he was like you don't want to give
your position away not every time you
want something 500 lumens because the
purpose is not actually to blind at that
not always right because some of it is
actually 4/2 useless to you to use like
this see a little target but he says at
home for home defense you want something
that's blinding yeah soon as someone
comes in it's pointed up they're already
like oh shit and that gives you a quick
second to decide if you need to shoot or
what you gotta do do this shit is so
blinding though yeah when I have it on
the highest and then I flash it down to
look for things and I'm like oh fuck
that's got kind of bright like this
bright bash is bright dude can't even
look for shade he's like oh well how did
this happen like literally not even a
minute past that we finished this look
at the hallway just watch oh fuck you
bride that's pretty fuckin bright it
looks like someone threw the lights on
in the hallway yeah oh my god laughing
looks like a ghost on the glass whoa
oh yeah I carry you didn't even answer
my question though like what happened in
your head we like ignored I turn it over
a little bit
jacket into stupid you want to know how
this happened yeah I'm efficient with my
time I don't stop as soon as one god is
done and completed on to the next one
immediately it was it wasn't me - caught
me off guard like you later so it was
like the period in that sentence you
pick the thing up Turner on and started
playing outside like immediately yeah
ageing the actual distance of my
flashlight in real life practical use
and I kind of used up all the distance
at my house so now I have to be like
what is that 50 yards away
no maybe look they're gonna bring my
flashlight a 50 yard this no you don't
think so from that end of the office
back to your 50 yards isn't half of a
football field that's hundred fifty P
wait what's up I thought oh oh no no I'm
thinking something else I'm just okay a
hundred yards is where we shoot yeah
right yeah yeah I just a little bit
closer than 100 yards oh yeah
yes cuz this would be would this be a
little bit further than 100 yards and
now we're on this now everyone's doing
math
like they're yours okay so I'm kind of
close again good so what is that thing
like 70 oh my god these are engaging
theythey yeah it's I'm trying to gauge
things in yards because I'm shooting
that's true but I'm hopping sprint like
what is that like about 2 kilometers all
right what you guys should be in - Negus
- I can't hey so since I can't carry a
gun I flash them in a face bowl fucking
stab down motherfucker with you can't
fucking see me yeah is it oh my god
what's in that looks really cool oh no
not just oh like what I stopped I
stopped a peeper already handmade in
China
usually it's like I made in the play
sets of quality that's true that's true
cuz that's like their that's their like
brand like the marketing of it like it's
worth this much cuz it was handmade in
Italy that's funny welcome to comes from
China so that's fine
it's a USA design made in China
so it's late at night and I am in our
office our sets I'd look at all this
mess and all this mess is for actually
construction that's happening on the
admin side so we have to split offices
one set side which is where we're going
to film JV party chicken news and it
won't affect anyone that's in a me
or that wants to be loud or whatever so
they completely split up the rooms so
this whole office space is just for sets
and then on the other side across from
us will be our admin side but because
the sets are being built right now
they're finally completing construction
on the admin side so they get to use
this space because it's two separate
companies that are building our set side
and another company that's doing
construction for the for the admin side
but right now I'm here by myself it's
like 11:00 p.m. and I'm supposed to be
receiving this late night shipment of
couches for the barbell brigades set and
they're not here yet and I'm kind of
freaked out this I'm completely by
myself and behind me there
that's all glass everyone contains that
so dark I can't see outside so any
creepy person looking at me I'm like
rude
so they said that they give you a 30
minutes heads up so once the 30 minutes
away they give you a call and then they
deliver your stuff so I think I live
about 10-15 minutes away so I think I'm
gonna go home and I'll wait at home
because I hear all these weird noises
it's proving me the fuck out and I don't
have this place upon it so I'm just
gonna be I'm just gonna be because I
just freaked myself the fuck out so
peace out fucking creepy ass posts if
you exist or not oh no I need to go I'm
going I got out of the creepy office no
I'm with the script guy there's not
creepy at all it's actually quite to me
and I'm eating there's no no I'm so
disgusting you know what I love about
you pop bear what TV do it again hold on
there is when you play with your feet I
think it's so cute play with them go do
we normally do yeah you do stuff like
that and we're having a very serious
meeting and you're talking about stuff
and your toes are playing I think it's
so cute
okay I love you I'm very proud of you
cuz you're an amazing person
thank you and everything you set out to
accomplish you do you're a winner all of
you fun breaking
so Brig II has this bone and I swear to
you it's her best friend if you do that
well it's not even a bone at the cowhide
you see that that weird brown thing next
to her
that's the cowhide now that cowhide used
to be white but now it's brown because
she likes to bring it in the house and
then she likes to take it out in the
back and roll it in dirt and then she
likes to bring it back in and now she's
hugging it like I didn't give it to her
she put it on there herself
you big baby so cute awesome doesn't
give two shits
you say huh ah doesn't even know what
she's saying she's just saying a bunch
of mumbo-jumbo just rambling on oh man
