holy shares brighter than a motherfucker
good morning guys I feel way better
today
I didn't sleep like a full eight hours
I've slept six cuz I'm I don't think I
should spend all day sleeping I should
try to get up as early as possible and
spend some time with my family and I
think that's all I needed though was
just to sleep and I feel way way better
now last night I ordered some room
service I got some fried rice and you
have an appetite and I usually always
have an appetite yeah but my bear made
me he's only ate half of it and this
morning I woke up and I feel like a
normal person that's not I kind of want
to throw up and stuff and I had a
headache I still have a slight headache
but I feel way but that's all I need
sometimes a little nap and then I think
now where are you my bear taking a dump
oh all right then
okay fine
well no I think the next plan for us is
um we're going to try to get some Street
breakfast next to our both my uncle and
my grandma lives there's like a bunch
little breakfast stands and the food is
bomb it tastes it's like traditional
Taiwanese breakfast and it tastes like
someone's mom made it so it tastes very
homey and reporting that grab some of
that bring it back and share with
everyone else and spend some time my
grandma this is a view from our floor
we're on the 60 uh holy shit is kind of
foggy out there
I don't think eyes can see it to be
honest you know you guys can't see shit
all day that's better but we are on the
60 huh okay trying to adjust these
things so we're on the 61st floor so
those buildings down there are probably
held at all - it's just we're a hella
taller huh see that doing looks tall do
but a 60 first floors oh the hotel that
book is pretty tight it's called the um
85 Sky Tower so this building
goes all the way up to the eighty-five
force isn't that crazy how fast that
elevator goes yeah 160 no we're on 39 4
and later it blows like a floor a second
it does it's really fast it goes so fast
I feel the pressure in my ears
I can't land when I airplane huh yeah
well that's it
thank you hotel for letting us stay for
one day and now we're at boot and the
boot so we just got dropped off and
that's my uncle's dental clinic over
there actually and I think he was
actually going to take us to the wrong
place he's like hey we're here and
because he was saying we're a team touch
it and I'm like no where I eaten EJ so
it sounds similar but it's a different
Street but then I recognize the landmark
and I was like just drop us off here
because I know how to get back
and so I remember we ate at two places
last time for breakfast that we used to
go to do you know which one you want to
go to one on the corner and it's open
okay yeah yeah that's the one I was
right here that's what I thought you
wanted to go there look at those hips so
this is a typical I guess suburb
Taiwanese street there's all kinds of
like activity scooters noises motorcycle
noises cars just randomly parked and
picks up people just look at that guy
those people like that people just
honking so now you guys in the States
know why they drive like this
cuz this is how it works out here what
we have in front of us is a traditional
Taiwanese breakfast and this is called
damping which is like egg being I don't
know what bean is being is like pastry
maybe and Jill's adding soy sauce to I
guess what you would call gyoza jinjo
it's just a dumpling that's fried
cellphone then this is about like
steamed cabbage and underneath there is
a little ball Kyle I'm even know how you
call that it's like some sort of
vegetable that they turn into like a
little hash brown Chinese hash brown and
then that's a Taiwanese style french
toast they use a Taiwanese sweet white
bread and they just put an egg around it
they don't really use maple syrup
and guess how much does holding cost mob
fair Oh with the drink with the red tea
and then the milk tea five bucks five
bucks yeah yeah oh yeah this whole thing
was five bucks you got a freaking beast
it's really cool cuz I'm you just pull
up people pull up on the motorcycle if
you're hungry and they take stuff to go
and then they got food cooking over here
just outdoors right here they just cook
like dumplings and stuff and then they
have all the boughs and little bowl
calls and life and beans and shit and
there's a menu that's it nice and simple
and that's one of my favorite parts of
Taiwan it's where oh yeah and they got
more steam stuff if you wanna take it to
go we've got all kinds of stuff in there
but this is one of my favorite parts of
Taiwan where it's really efficient so if
you're in a rush and you want to get
breakfast in like five minutes you can
for cheap too
yummy oh yeah I've been dreaming about
this since I was like really hot awesome
oh god
so I just had a sip of this milk tea and
it's held upon so out here in Taiwan
milk tea is like
and the state boy yeah so all the t's
that you guys get in the states are
Australia whatever like all the
technology happens here so even at like
a little mom-and-pop street food Thai
place they asked me do I want fresh milk
P which means the milk is freshly
delivered from a milk farm and then they
mix it on the spot or didn't want when I
was pre-made which is still Bom
when I asked for a fresh one and the
milk is actually like really really
refreshing I would people want me it's
just different flavors so depends all
kind of flavor you like you know some
people like for coffee they like the
foot milk or creamer or like it's just
like Oh a different texture
right across from us is the original
food truck that what it says know that
it's a food truck in as old school oh I
see what you mean by original yeah
that's all it was no holy they weren't
Stan's they were just on truck oh I'm
such a moral I'm sorry why are you a
moron
it does click what you meant the
original food truck yeah they've been
making food in that truck the mobile but
the one that's like enclosed yeah but
these that these guys it's the same
concept like though they'll make
dumplings or like those Chinese tamales
or whatever and they'll go from Street
to Street and they have a schedule so if
you know their schedule then you can
wait out the intersection and pick up
food cool huh this is one of the main
reasons I wanted to come back there's so
many old pictures here that I want to
hold onto and kind of keep track of our
family tree and my legacy and also since
we're giving the new JK office I need an
entire wall to decorate and what cooler
did to get old school photos of my
family and put it in there cuz I was
just gonna put like funny pictures but
some of this stuff is really historical
like this this is my late grandpa when
he was a young guy working on a ship
look at this guy this guy passed away
and this is when he went is when he was
in his early 20s I think my grandpa is
younger and this picture than I am right
now
is that cool is that cool mob back he's
handsome oh shit yeah that's my aunt my
mom's little sister
and also my young mommy mommy hi and
then this is a another picture of my
grandpa and my grandma the grandmother I
don't remember anything that's her on
the right I know anyway all those
pictures dopa and then we got picture of
my my my elders my mom is one with the
sunglasses that's my grandma my grandpa
my uncle and then that's uh it's the
same person
so this is my aunt and then the one the
little one right there haha hi how old
she is now see ya what a little touches
hello old I better hurt Michael Young
shoes so we got that all cause this is
all these like pictures doesn't mean
yeah when I was a little baby show this
one with you I was upset their dance
house is busy oh man look at me
I was butt naked was my wee-wee yet
there's no a we why am i weird it is
thank you you see the weirdest things
you're so rude
no don't oh yeah pretty much these are
all the pictures that I'm gonna take
back and I'm gonna keep a legacy wall of
the family tree because I'm scared that
these people that don't really care
about pictures and memories it might end
up getting lost so I just want to keep
track of everything this is so cool the
last time that I came here when my
grandpa was still alive I snapped this
photo
cuz my grandpa just came back from a
China trip and my grandma missed him so
much and he missed her and I just
snapped this with my iPhone and I'm so
happy that I was able to capture this
moment because now I brought it back in
a picture frame and people get to enjoy
this because you're not like an Asian
families it's like everyone's
everything's very proper like no one
really shows true affection or if they
do they don't show it in a very candid
way and so to capture moments of true
affection you really have to like be
there and snap and I was just by
coincidence I was just taking pictures
of random things and I saw this
interaction I was really happy to be
able to capture it and that's my
grandparents
and usually when I show people that
these are my grandparents everyone
always tells me I hope that's a
relationship like end up having with my
significant other what did you bitch is
the wall was it one tree home ah one
Shree home when one chink one one gone
the wine wasn't in the sweater huh
what city that's twins what did
sympathizer this is why don't you go eat
something nothing I did already she will
go to a hotel there's no bubbles what
thousand merchants it ah awesome but
don't get up da da da dong Jie hmm
because o because yeah any couple car
this is a car me couple car me up a
photo machine my banana here no she will
she hear that
mamma jamma this when you drink stuff
and eat stuff you can handle things
across mom's gonna yell are you the
point of answer that is it just can't
get anything you want to she never quite
lovable sheeny and quite love oh you
hate using that huh yeah yeah oh
have a good day clock down buddy
she says you're the big brother it's
like do you remember he shall walk well
I love your mama you should fix her at
home bunk Amy
well well well home buggy well oh so
evocative of one man I'll get it home
boy stop kitchen and if you look you oh
yeah oh yeah that's it that's it that's
it wow what a change
I don't matter hello cookie don't does
not know I got pecan a little over
they'll say Jonah yeah voice GTFO just
that tiny hm
yeah so junkie nothing getting done
Hodge on my mantle eat toast yet y /l
today
oh yeah Eddie I'll be honest
calcified up I thought up I don't know
I'm gonna put the other that EDL Monica
openness which Alma de ah da da ba ba ba
ya ya man yet don't worry it doesn't
mater just chill because I mean I only
can open sabe she says I'm gonna give
you a little bit of my pastry about this
- small biz piece unit I do is your top
alright ha
shit a deacon come hug that she's a
disability oh shit as your knowledge in
Allah Allah I could get all just a
bucket ha ha ha ha
well that's it because I've had a ha ha
ah the time hi this tables really cool
it's like a natural wood formation and
then they just polished it and
everything is like that all coolers tree
stumps we have a tree stump at our house
but we don't have a but we don't have a
cool table like this no
maybe four by the big size luggage
mother I love you very much yeah yeah
what's that cute
my grandma's kid huh doesn't remember
shit though I know earlier she was like
you're one of the cutest ladies I've
seen told you yeah I know she was trying
to eat the paper yeah she's like all
kind of pastry is this quit the stopper
she don't remember shit yeah
her brain's not dying what is it I
thought it was memory so why is she
confusing paper with me I think it's
just getting really bad wishes and
remember a lot of stuff anymore so I
don't think she has spatial awareness
because I put um like Revit envelopes in
her hand and then I don't even think she
could feel it like I'll put it in her
hand and she's just like gloves on okay
but yeah yeah it's about that time for
her I know but she lived a long good
life look how many people love her right
the whole family is here for her
everybody
so ever yeah even we're here for her hey
oh yeah
anyway 14 hours yeah my other cousin
Annie she came from Poland just to see
her okay so everybody is here for her
and my mom's coming next week that's
awesome she's a rock star yeah I love
you mama thank you for coming with me of
course you're my wife
true
this is black and I'm your wife
that's what are we doing it in here mom
bear you wanted them snacks no tell them
the truth
No oh they're right there
no cute oh look aunty condom teeny
Marburg tell them while we're in here
you big baby
cuz my bare ankles are showing and
they're getting cold and Mama's a big
baby did you find socks
Robert getting distracted what is that
hello kitty hard stuff so no socks in
here of course just like Japan they got
all kinds of pre-made foods mmm you're
gonna go across the street
hold all right on a mission on a mission
to get sucks with mom man because she
has cold little ankles why'd all the
airplane on there but they have blankets
on the airplane it's not enough all
right
did you finally find what you wanted
with my bear well we got falls on them
oh that means they have grip on it yeah
yeah maybe maybe maybe I don't think
you're gonna find socks anywhere else
in this store except for here this is
like your dream come true it's a sock
you have a sock bin in the middle of the
supermarket is that wafers nan cookies
Oh Noddy it's not where they have a
whorehouse
no it's fair oh this is for how
something it's a legal gambling ring for
house you fucking looking number one
customer I don't know fine got the head
I don't know look at those buns of steel
fine did you find more socks here ma
bear
because only these babies wear long
socks only big babies big babies wear
loud socks only big babies big babies
wear long socks
there's lots ox right there are you
trying to find long socks to keep you
warm or for style you're so picky mother
beggars can't be choosers mall bear shit
up
do you hate blue always I love you big
babies where babies wear long socks big
babies wear big babies wear big babies
wear long socks big babies where babies
but babies wear long socks
Oh molest me
can I get freaky with me hurry up hurry
up
big babies wear big babies wear long
socks big babies back yeah look at these
boxers penis
enjoy the comfort heinous box
boom I love Asian English what the hell
is random freakin dead fish for logo
what else is weird around fish for local
no like a dead fish oh yeah well I mean
the fact that there's panda soft warm
clothing felon cool are you felling cool
or what the beard
what's the victory age for oh no but if
this kind of things about some rape a
girl
Danny freaking rapist underwear
this one has pandas and bamboo sticks oh
really is it really from London Newport
London huh
never heard of that before big baby
we're good
big baby we're long sucks follow mommy's
dog so every day my family does the same
thing with my grandma yeah where they
have to feed her and then she takes a
nap but while she starts eating she gets
really tired and she starts falling
asleep while she's eating sometimes
while chewing and they have this towel
around her switch isn't spill stuff all
over the place there she goes she's
falling asleep yeah Hey
Oh
Beulah ha ha you say ha oh she doesn't
even know what she's saying she's just
saying a bunch of mumbo-jumbo she's
rambling on Oh
this is just a random stuff that doesn't
make any sense all just like the little
boy over there is just playing you see
them over there they always take stuff
out of the house
bunch of random stuff my grandma just
keeps huh
my grandma just keeps mumbling stuff
she got bars for days just straight
freestyling and flowing and don't even
make sense so cute
grandma's hella cute what's the owl I
just told her I'm your grandson
wasn't he this onesie he's like who's
this I mean she got to be super cute
Wonder Bread sandals or slippers cute
ass grandma love you grandma I know you
don't even understand me oh yeah so my
aunt just got us these Taiwanese
traditional snacks and I never even seen
this before but you're supposed to take
I think these crispy things and throw it
into this soup haven't even tried again
I want you to try then you tell me how
this cuz I've never even tasted this oh
okay let's see
I don't know a little looks good it's
gritty how hot it is in the plus boom
pretty good good hot for Charlie's uh
one of these things what it does I don't
know two-strike thank you
she said she she oh yeah like a race and
hey it's just race bonk and bomb damn
really vol I so don't even know the
names of these things are called that's
how traditional Taiwanese they I don't
even know what this is no you did
Taiwanese anymore you're Mexican
I know star yourself next thing I know I
should such a horrible thing so I just
got an explanation on this guy they take
this rice the sticky rice and all the
ingredients and they stick it in a
bamboo shoot and then that's how to cook
it do you know how like the the Chinese
tamale they cook it with a banana leaf
this one is the same concept
Weiss bomb what flavor is this regular
flavor citrusy
cherry oak or it kind of tastes like the
bolo Oh what's he is I take the hobo
labor but it's citrusy I don't have to
try it's testing it mmm interesting
labor title report weights school school
on some Taiwanese I don't know shit
about time one fake ID true
I'm assume we're back at the airport
laying down semi relaxing waiting for
our first flight and uh I'm hella tired
pretty tired mother I'm very tired but
donating that's keeping me afloat right
now because it's really hard traveling
this way is the fact that once we land
at home 14 hours later everybody
straight to us fall for a lot and
decompress and unwind and relax look so
that we can go home go to sleep and
start another workday yeah immediately
the next day just this time was a really
quick and ago
I don't know this times are really quick
in and out just visiting my grandma and
it was really cool to spend some time
with some time we haven't been able to
see in a while my uncle my aunt was a
surprise that my other cousin was going
to be there I thought she was going to
be studying in Poland but she came down
and so I was just good to see everybody
and even though it's just for a day and
we're really busy
I'm actually glad I got first I was
dreading like ah gotta fly 14 hours go
they're barely kick it for like five
hours and come back but that's what my
mom wants she really wants me to see my
grandma but then now that I actually did
it it actually I felt very rewarding to
see my family again
and I got to spend some time with my
grandma even I should know
was any more doesn't know what she is to
be honest she doesn't know what a lot of
things are anymore yeah but it's still
awesome to spend some time and I give
her a big kiss for five that she don't
wanna let go of my hand
she's strong for old I mean she had the
kungfu grip yeah old friends were strong
I was about to even if she's like nope
and she like held on really tight I'm
like oh snaps all right I'll stay yeah I
can knock that any second you're gonna
have to wake me up once the gate opens
you know what time it is back home no
it's 4:35 a.m. oh yeah all right good
night no we decided to upgrade we're
gonna get business class but it was
freaking expensive those gonna be an
additional two G's per person those last
minute like joe said but we did upgrade
to the economy
and there's a world of a difference
already okay how much more legroom I
have I could actually extend my feet and
the armrests there's actually two people
armrests we don't have to fight over one
skinny one how do you feel now mob
they're not Jam parking you're not on me
fine I love you too mom I always love
you never stopped loving here you can
use
yeah
next time we're just gonna book ahead of
time and get business on
just landed in LA and where do we go
first
we spa of course because we're freaking
tired like crazy and we actually set up
this plan before we even got on the
plane were like hey babe are you down as
soon as we land we drive straight to we
spotted Jim jabong there's bomb Korean
food in there we're hungry we have an 8
pack good because all we've been eating
is the airplane food and we can relax
and then go home so we haven't gone home
yeah look we got our luggage we came
straight from the airport
and mobber has a freaking cuny
Chippendale outfit on are you ready to
relax my bear yeah I'm so exhausted what
are you doing just organizing I'm gonna
take in there yeah trying to figure out
what goes what stays and I'm like legit
considering just bringing the whole
fuckin luggage and designing in there
I'm actually considering if I should
bring my electronic toothbrush in this I
could brush my teeth really clean oh
there's that ho ma I don't like
traveling back I don't mean either I
just know that this time since we're
gonna do double airplane like pretty
much within 24 hours I gotta brush my
teeth all my breath smell like
cockadoodledoo I mean you brought these
he's like trying to choose brush but
then English sorry I try my belly sorry
it's not my fault
stinky breath I know it's so crazy I've
never met anyone in bed sorry
so yeah we came here to relax and thank
goodness that I packed for three days
with the clothes I have an extra change
of fresh clothes I can't wait to go in
there and come out and be a whole new
man good night everyone more than ten
years
you don't know read off no not even
close like if there were a lineup of
dicks yeah and I needed to pick his I'm
definitely Steven Avery somebody for
sure
well his dick is just gonna be like way
taller than everyone else's well if they
gave me a lineup of all 9-inch dicks
uh-huh
