good morning y'all I just got back from
the gym I rushed a quick workout and I
went to the bank before I get on my
flight today and I'm going to Taiwan
just for a really really short time
because uh my mom doesn't think my
grandma is gonna last very long so this
is the only weekend that I have free
every other weekend I have appointments
booked already from two months ago so
it's going to be really hectic we're
flying in today which is Friday and then
we're gonna get in Saturday night at
11:00 p.m. that's when we actually land
then we wake up Sunday morning and I get
to hang out with them for like six hours
and then I have to get back on a plane I
like 6:00 p.m. that night and then come
back home Sunday in the States so it's
gonna be rough but it is my grandma and
it's the only time I have so I feel like
spending six hours with her is better
than nothing and the trips gonna be
grueling because I'm gonna be spending
more time in the plane then I am with
her but the cool thing is a lot of my
family in Taiwan they really care about
me and especially my uncle ever since I
was in college like he would give me
money when I graduated college when I
come to Taiwan even with Geo when first
started dating he put us on this tour he
bought business class tickets for us so
my my uncle he's like a pretty well-off
guy's a dentist and he makes decent
money and it's really cool too it's
really cool for him to treat me like a
son and because of that now that I'm
making decent money I feel like it's
time for me to give back which is when I
went to the bank and I just pulled out
ten G's so i'ma just uh hook up my uncle
because he always hooked me up I
actually wish I could pull out more
money but the bank I went to even though
it's FDIC insured I was like can I pull
out more and under like you can only
pull out ten out of time at this bank
and I'm like wait I thought the FDIC
insured means I could pull out 100 and
then an $1,100 asking it enough she was
saying all different branches have
different protocol because I guess
there's a lot of like tax fraud or money
fraud these days
so I'm like all right so I pulled out 10
G's and uh that goes a long way in
Taiwan and I hope that's just like one
token I can show them like just a little
token of my appreciation and it feels
good to finally give back you know like
your whole life growing up even when you
enter your 20s like you feel like you're
a man but I feel like you're not really
a man until you can take care of others
like if you're 28 and someone is still
taking care of you you're still a boy
you know I mean so now that I can take
care of the people that used to take
care of me it feels really good
so I pack that take a shower grab
something to eat and i'ma head off to
the airport I'm on my potato are you
excited to go to Taiwan with me yes and
no oh I guess yes because I love
traveling with you because it's just
super fun really yeah we have a lot of
fun together we're just driving to the
airport 30 lot of fun that's true but no
because we're really going to be there
for a few hours we leave right now we
are on a plane for 14 hours we land
don't remember what time we're landing
at 11 o'clock at night 11 o'clock at
night we wake up we say what's up
and then we're like okay I time taken so
you report back yeah
just one of those quick in-and-out trips
it is I mean but they just to the other
side of the world yeah yes I'm not I'm
just so scared for my name system right
now it's like a peak of a lot of
projects that I'm working on that I
don't want it just stopped but I
unfortunately if it's like 24 hours are
gone for me like a whole day is lost
that's true you can't afford to get sick
sick either yeah so those are the only
things I'm kind of like nervous
but what about getting like that change
of environment you're going to be in a
different country don't you like that I
love that but because it's so quick it's
like
barely it's still a huge like cultural
change though as soon as you step foot
there it's like way different I get how
the work just driving alone is like
fucking scary every time I'm in a bar if
I want to have to close my eyes to my
vocal times and we're getting into
fucking accident but we're I guess
miraculously miraculous miraculous going
on um we never do something
but they were not gonna get in the car
for very long we're just going straight
to the airport to my grandma's house and
then we visit my grandma was staying at
my uncle's house and that's it I think
one thing I am looking forward to though
is there's a lot of pictures that I
don't think anyone gives a fuck about
that I'm gonna grab like some old-school
pictures like pictures of my mom it was
a kid I'm sure they give a fuck about it
well no one's like really like turning
them into digital products or anything
like that you don't know they're just
stacks and boxes and just collecting
dust I've seen uh my mom's old high
school ID I'm gonna keep all that shit
oh that's cute and you're gonna
digitalize it
no what the hell I'm gonna keep it and
put in a safe place so that I can have
some family legacy going on like I want
to keep everything in a safe place so
when I have grandkids I'm like this is
your great-grandma right because I think
if I leave it in the hands of my family
they're just gonna lose all that shit I
mean they haven't lost it for this many
years when I say that me they're not
even moving and I feel like you're gonna
lose it before they know they're not
gonna keep track of it how you take care
of your stuff I keep trying to all my
stuff oh my god okay so the goal is so I
just gave you more we're are almost what
pictures so you don't even remember huh
I had the shitty memory he didn't give
me any pictures oh my god I'm a Jew what
pictures I can't leave you don't
remember he gave you one of your like I
think you're liking with readers all
those pictures yeah what other pictures
because those pictures are worthless I
have my 20 copies of the same picture
who cares
oh maybe take care of things you don't
and in the picture of Tyson yeah
yes yeah 20 of those out of 20 pictures
of Tyson everywhere
that's horrible well that's the one that
you've shown everyone why I have 20
pictures of Tyson I that same one when I
still love develop pictures I just
develop like five copies at a time
that's how I roll I love pictures I keep
track of them if I do you want to start
this trip of the fight huh don't lie to
them I don't lie to anybody I love
pictures and I love memories so I'm
gonna go to Taiwan and bring it back
home with me fine okay do that
that's my ball bottom line and I'm gonna
lock it up in a safe okay fine
Oh
start what the heck is that ma bear you
brought that with you oh my god how old
are you not old enough to give it shit
we're old enough to not give a shit is
that chip or Dale this is Dale how do
you know chip has a truck oh that's me
so I'm chip yeah that's awesome how dare
you tell me how old are you and then you
just compare yourself to chip you said
me this could I love chip here's a
chocolate chip nose fine let's go where
the hell I don't know we gotta figure
out we just landed I'm not gonna land a
little target about we just pulled up to
our parking fly this is where we always
park our car before we get on the flight
because it's always better well I
obviously feel like it's better just
park our car here we don't have to
bother any friends take us to the
airport and then when we land
you're not the coordinate with anybody
we just come back here grab our car go
back home and it's only 20 bucks a day
to park your car here so it's worth it
in our opinion save time don't gotta
bother any friends make them make them
wake up at like 4:00 a.m. in the morning
cuz sometimes I really wanted quite oh
no that's the shuttle we just missed the
shuttle what they're still there
hopefully they come around to us ma bear
the shuttles here what's going on I know
ma bear with her freaking Dale what's
going on now let's jump in the shuttle
come on you're the one fuckin hood
followin mama bear follow
mama bear there's no one on this side of
the airport economy baby since it was an
emergency flight I did want to fly
business just so had a little bit more
comfort and cushion I looked online for
the economy it was gonna be $2,000 from
me and Geo it's like a thousand bucks
each pretty much and then for business
it was gonna be 10 G's I'm like damn -
jeez that's a lot of money that's a huge
jump and then there really wasn't
anything else in between so like fuck it
might as well be Chinese and I'm going
to Taiwan big kidney you know what's
really cool kans mom works at China
Airlines and then last time there was a
super long line cut up like three times
longer than the line we're in right now
and Cannes mom saw me came out here and
grabbed me and put me in the front of
line picture me yep true homie can help
you yeah she here hey oh she's not here
today
this is so cool every time I watch those
movies about traveling and they have all
the different destinations changing and
flipping and the times moving I always
thought it was so cool I actually liked
it the most back in the day before was
digital it would it be actually letters
like
isn't it tight in front of us is the
dreaded tsa process in America or in
California least you gotta take off your
belts or shoes or pants take everything
out of your backpack you got our
freaking spread your butt cheeks
show them how many ass hairs you have
and then flip our balls around let them
touch your wee-wee and then let them
slap your titties around do you have any
tips on how to get past TSA faster and
more efficiently travellightly be
prepared you know you have to take out
your shoes and take out your laptop so
buy back that easily can do that with
like removing and placing your laptop in
and get shoes and you can zoom in and
out of student that's true you know what
I do I empty mount my pockets and I just
put it on my backpack and then once I
pass the TSA then I put everything back
in my pockets and my shoes are already
pre tied so I could just slip them off
like that
I don't even have a tongue on my camera
experienced no we traveled a lot
we just wanted and I'm really hot and
I'm sweating like crazy especially from
my forehead but the good news is go on a
brand new airplane with Wi-Fi so we can
get work done and then I got sockets
international sockets we'll get charged
our laptops there's also this USB port
right here and there's in flight
entertainment and the airplane overall
just looks newer the plastic a yellow
but this plane is full of Asians though
of course two white guys right there
what's your dev a plan for this flight
to stay awake or follow the when they
turn the lights off we're gonna go to
sleep to battle the jet lag no that's
quite so short I mean the flight short
huh should be sure at the Flies though
the trip is short that light is 14 hours
going to feel my body out I don't feel
like really need to adjusted to adjusted
to
I'm going to go sleep wake up I'm coming
back there's gonna be a ruble and do it
over the hell you want on the plane
dance gangster so I roll who'sa
damn how much Canada's your brain this
wasn't even for the trip it's just about
your insane mob fair that's my teeth are
all jacked up don't you want a little
bit of teeth left you don't care what
about don't you care about having teeth
so that you can eat food for when we
have a baby again
really all right Dennis place is tight I
feel like everything is like shoulder to
shoulder right now I'm not duster
only a little bit fat look at you look
fuckin starting my shoulders
they should've got a bigger seat maybe
she's just look at this did you have
imagined he relativity the crystal is a
hot rod motivator from a developer
look at this big freaking evening weasel
be kidding my bear
you know how much more time we have
I feel like we already been on the fly
flight 12 hours
get on the flights we left at 1:10 three
holy shit so we got another date hours
ago yeah
what's everyone else doing to sleep
to sleep in watch
at least we were able to get some work
done
Annie look like a big freaky Oni
my god we just landed at the Taipei
Airport and that was one of the worst
flights I've ever had
not that the pilot was horrible there
was actually like Littleton all turbines
yes it was just we got the tightest
seats ever well I don't even think the
seats were just that tight I think it's
just cuz I'm bulking so now I'm 220 but
at five nine so it's just spilling all
over the place yes it's literally like
this like this on me the entire time and
then he's the window seat so now he's
like spilling into the window side here
but I wasn't trying to do that on
purpose I did see you were fun it choose
to be both young and so the whole flight
were just kind of like trying to move
around to fight for space and it was
just really tight and then they turn on
the heater towards it was illusion it
was horrible it was really bad it was
like super hot and super tight and we
couldn't really move so I think on the
way back I'm gonna try to upgrade to
either Economy Plus or at least trying a
business purpose well it depends on how
much if it's like the business I mean we
just were not flying back the same way
but we can't fine fine or we like spoon
of our seats yeah you're in front I mean
lit up our seats all right but yeah
anyways we got one more flight cuz my
grandparents live in the south and
kosher and we're in Taipei five in Thai
big timing with the tea bang yeah heyday
and then so so uh we got one more flight
and then we'll finally land and we'll be
able to relax yeah back home it is six
I'm 605 and here it's what 10 p.m. the
next day I thought did a piss
okay
yeah it's our second flight and we get
the whole row to ourselves this is way
better now are you gonna complain about
me on you
bikini was shifty i bikini
I wish to make these chairs bigger like
me naturally sitting it's like already
like this so magic there's someone here
and my elbow will be on their lap but
I'm not even that big why don't you
change yourself my jewelry model about
cause like 250 the majority is you see
250 I'll be like this yeah but that's
not the majority do the minority all
right
just cuz I'm agent of the Asian country
I'm not a minority too well you're built
is everyone's looking at you like that
guy over there over there he's looking
at using my earn my things
no no more gap now he is
great you're blocking there is our lucky
yeah
I wasn't keep my no
I was also showing someone so much
evidence of this yeah I've been
perfectly in these seats
really this is Portugal like what puts
our bomb right here the Pacific right
there oh yeah that's weird yeah I'll
give you that one
this arm is bigger than this what
specific I give that to you it's 1:30 in
the morning and we finally made it to
our hotel and I'm so happy we got a
king-sized bed I'm laying on it right
now because every time we get a hotel I
always forget to ask and so we end up
getting like a queen-size bed but I'm
wide and Jill's tall so we end up
freaking having a WWE wrestling match in
the middle of the night is your wife
know coz when you're tall like yeah when
you're only reach over you can like
pretty much grab halfway across the room
reach over to you like when you roll
around you'll roll around and you're
freaking like kick me in the face with
your ankles
hahaha cuz you're know cuz you're so
tall this is actually a change of plans
though cuz originally my mom um wanted
me to stay at my my grandpa's house the
one that passed away and my I which is
my mom's little sister even went and
prepared the rooms for us and you know
dusted everything off says no one lives
there it gets kind of dusty in there and
they prepared the bed and prepare the
bathroom and um I guess I do feel a
little bit bad about not going there but
halfway through the flight because the
flight was so horrible getting a
headache and I couldn't really sleep and
I was just getting kind of
claustrophobic a little bit getting kind
of nauseous I was like oh man if I don't
sleep well on the flight and then I go
to my grandpa's house and all of his
beds feel like they're made out of
cement and I don't sleep well there and
then I have to get back onto the flight
and then I go back to LA on Monday I'm
just like I'm gonna get sick and there's
no way I can be productive on Monday and
I got we still a lot of stuff to do like
this trip wasn't planned you know it's
like emergency trip that my mom wanted
me to take if she swears my grandma's
died me she is but she is buddy but not
not this into specific timeframe so I I
decided to make the call and booked the
hotel room and so I'm actually really
happy that I'm able to sleep anymore
western-style place cuz my grandpa's
beds they're all freaking rock are
looking at it change yeah when you're
sleeping on it like all your bones crack
over the night so now oh mama bear is
prepared a little she hooked me up I
should prepare a little bath for me cuz
she knows that my head kind of hurts a
little bit oh that's what that smell was
it smells good yeah I am gonna take
shower cuz that's the most courteous
thing to do I know you want to take a
bath too it's ok I'm so tired I'm gonna
shower and just relax no I'm gonna go in
the shower because that's the prettiest
thing to do so we could share the bath
so that's about it for that night it is
1:30 are we gonna cupcake that we'll see
you want a cupcake in the shower
probably you little hooker hey I gotta
brush my teeth - I haven't brushed my
teeth like no it's been like 14 no 20
hours you're right
I can feel my face my love you love it
more than ten years
you don't know read off no not even
close like if there were a lineup of
dicks yeah I needed to pick his I'm
definitely Steven Avery somebody for
sure
well his dick is just gonna be like way
taller than everyone else's well if they
gave me a lineup of all 9-inch dicks Oh
