whats up beautiful people oh hi look at
that I'm the back side of me so just got
home from the gym and I picked up um a
quick to go bites I picked up okay and
I'll show you guys that in a bit and uh
I picked up okay because try put on my
shoe so dirty I know pick the poker
because I want to eat I don't know I was
just craving fish I want something a
little bit high lighter and leaner I'm
trying to put on my shoes while I vlog
low hydrogen hi Ricky and I was craving
polka whoo-hoo God does that mean what
breast mouse and I received this in the
mail wait no not that I received this
package in the mail right here and in
this package it's actually a barbell
barbell regain sweater so it's one of
our sweaters and I give this to my mom
before Christmas and I totally forgot to
get it with her and I said oh my god mom
cuz I saw her last week I think now they
go oh my god mom I'm so sorry I totally
forgot I thought leave she wanted to
give it as a gift of Christmas present
to someone from like hold on good luck
my door yeah so now I have to be a good
daughter and hold on I have to be a good
daughter and give it to her so I it
arrived at my house I have to go drive
and drop it off at her house she can
finally get it some hand-delivering
answer she's a princess and it fucked up
she's not really a princess I just
really fucked up
in the car now oh my god sorry if I made
any of you guys dizzy
this is me all the time though I'm
constantly on the damn go I'm always
doing something and my favorite things
to do these days is to do nothing like
really it's doing nothing at all and
it's crazy they do say the grass is
always greener
um because I remember when I was younger
and I had nothing to do I was dying I'm
just like oh my god have nothing to do
I'm still bored I'm wasting away I'm a
talented person and I'm just sitting
here in my room not doing anything and
now they have a lot of things to do I'm
just like I just want to sit in my room
and do nothing
so yeah I guess we're never really
satisfied but anyway um I'm gonna stop
vlogging now because I know you guys
really hate it when I vlog and I'm
driving but I'm at a red stop I'm at a
red light so I'm at a dead stop um but I
think this is a good place to cut it
before I kill anyone injured someone get
in an accident or injure myself so thank
you guys for always didn't care of me
cutting this vlog right now home now
okay all done oh it was seven polka but
Nadeem made his very own cepat oh look
at that
take medium rare meat look at that
damn son it's pretty long
pretty damn ball I was really fool but
he's like got Trangia I'm good so good
all right so what the hell am i working
on right now
I made clothes some stuff that you guys
like to be nosing do you guys like to
look at my screen so I have the dual
monitors working right now see but I'm
listening to new jubie's new job he's
new ha best oh no I really like this
station it's really chill there's not so
many lyrics it's like a repetitive beat
so it's like a be mixed with like some
sort of like instrumental like a piano
or a heart or whatever and it's very
soothing but it's still very hip-hop
like East Coast hip-hop so I really like
it
yeah look at this Julia made these I had
her come up with like different ways
that people want to organize their desk
like Shawn will have a DES
Tommy brandy and Juliet if and then
there's gonna be like a shared communal
space this is a barbell office so ignore
that and I had her give me different
options and she'd go that she did a good
job so I'm gonna study these a little
bit later and I went to the city my city
of Alhambra and they have a tall co-ed
volleyball FMT display for a long time
now and I keep telling myself I'm gonna
do it so here is the first step to me
attempting to do it
Hey so there's like a league fee to 30
per person oh oh sorry 14 that's not bad
on a team you can have like six to eight
people ten I don't know I don't know
what the rules are here but six fourteen
that's for sure so I think I'm gonna do
it oh cool look at that all city of
O'Hara parks and facilities are
smoke-free that's really cool I have
nothing against smokers but when I smell
smoke it gives me cigarette smoke it
gave me a headache
so hey Brady Ricky you come here you
guys are saying like give biggie no love
no way brick is spoiled she gets the
most love I even taught her how to
snuggle she Nestle's her head in my neck
and I'd like to breathe on there cuz she
I guess she likes it I'll just blow air
in her fur she just stays there
I think she enjoys the heat Ricky you
get so much love huh
look at that my baby she likes when I do
this I try to mimic what her mom her her
real mama would do if she was loving her
and her mom would probably lick her face
come here funny I mean uh Ricky shit I
just dig gated everything come here
buddy
she thinks what are you doing the weirdo
she's my girl don't you guys tell me I
don't give her love she's my favorite
Alfons my favorite too but they're my
favorite for different reasons you
little weirdo one thing I don't enjoy
about Bergy is that show us has her
butthole sticking out look at that look
at that like bond always covers it up
but grew he doesn't give a shit look at
that you'll see it at least there she's
cutting low she's kind of she's kind of
covering it up now she's doing a good
job
proud of you Brig
there it is again gross okay so it's
dinner time oh my goodness with my hair
holy crap
okay and you pick it's dinner time and I
was contemplating and sitting at my desk
and by my desk I made this area the one
that I showed you before that's really
not a desk at all it's actually a dining
room and it's just me in my lonely
corner of sadness and sorrows look at
that
but yeah so it's just me in my little
lonely corner while all the fun happens
in that room but no look at the
difference it's so warm and yellow and
very welcoming and inviting and then
it's blue and sad and cold and plain
over here holy crab why anyway I was
sitting here like a fucking loser and
I'm like what am I gonna eat what should
i eat what should I eat I was about to
walk out the door anyway try to figure
something out as I was driving on like
oh the D major shit to the pasta and
then I hit him on my heat if you have
some of your pasta and you made
yesterday and he made the best freaking
pasta but if you ask me to be like it's
alright but I think with bombs hell so
he's like yeah sure go for it
umm so I go grab it out of the
refrigerator and it's here right so it's
like bow bow tie pasta with like I'm
just gonna call them Afghan spices cuz
I've never tasted anything like this in
some sort of Greek yogurt I believe I
could be making this shit up I didn't
see how he made it so it has saran wrap
on it which is very smart so the posit
is not dry out in the fridge and I go to
take it off right but this off fucking
cute this stupid motherfucker is he not
really stupid but I like calling him
stupid but like you could literally like
you can see the thought process and how
he did it like step by step like I think
he just grabbed the box and I feel like
he just wrapped it this way and then
just ran it went around this way cuz
it's look at this there's like a little
perfect hole right here and then there's
like another layer but I can't take it
off because it's like down here and I
feel like it starts
here literally what he did look let me
see let me see let me give you a better
angle
all right look literally what he did rap
it from the bottom went on top he went
around
oh my god this guy that is fucking
hilarious cut damn in a team stop
fucking around all day but thank you for
the food
oh my god you rock I love that you cook
I wish you guys could smell this it
doesn't look that good cuz it's well
goddamn it actually looks pretty damn
good because it's been in the fridge so
the fat and all the good stuff has
solidified and it looks kind of bleh but
oh my god this thing is wow I think it's
ground beef that you're looking at right
there so now abouts of Micra with it but
I'm gonna show you guys a little secret
that I learned on my own nobody taught
me this I wished it would have but also
because then I would have had a better
tasting food and not so drying crunchy
and yucky and this has saved my food
time and time again
let me find here somewhere to put this
alright so this is what I learned in
order to microwave leftovers and have
them either super moist and soft or if
it's like bread or crust of some sort
and have that be super fluffy and not
hard and crunchy basically doesn't throw
out your food if you grab a towel right
from your kitchen walk over to your sink
wet it a bit and I don't want it to be
drenched you want to take all the water
up so it's so it's not dripping at this
point see okay and once you do this you
just put it over the food and it retains
its moisture honestly I don't know the
science behind it I don't
the specifics if you're cooking if
you're warming this up versus this I
have no freaking idea I just know that
it works for me and like I'll
periodically like check you and all the
food depending on what it is so for
something like this I might make it
because it was in the fridge I'm not
putting it for two minutes and then I'm
cover it see what it looks like I may
have to wet the napkin a little bit more
I don't know I kind of have to gauge it
by what it looks like after a minute or
two but I highly recommend it if you
guys are heating up leftovers in a
microwave put a wet towel over it and
it's gonna be like like that like Oh
done look at that no dry pasta in this
bitch look at this it's so moist and
warm and fluffy and amazing I hope the
bottom is warm
I hate when like all the top layer is
super hot and then you you get to the
bottom and that shit's fucking
refrigerator cold but anyway I hope you
guys learned a little something that
took me years to perfect seriously I'm
actually hungry now Oh perfect I'm gonna
eat
should it be more of a P like the tip or
something be like that one so it
actually sticks or is that okay that's
sure I think it's important to get the
tote a stick
