big puny mob bear mother you know you're
the only grown woman I know that has
rain boots no crazy rain boots
who else has rain boots every adult
woman who a lot of people ma'am one
person you know Julia she doesn't have
rain boots yes good dishes
everyone has rain boots what yeah
a drone ass woman has rain boots yes
rain boots go for like 100 something a
hundred dollars yes what you I'm not
selling the rain
I thought rain boots are for kids cuz
they always splash in puddles all the
time no they're functioning shoes early
yes not everyone lives in LA now this
umbrella the ninja and brother
the sword of Rolla is fresh what I
thought they were just what I dug boots
like actual functioning shoes or
something
well there's rain boots one of the more
popular brands is by hunter and those
are actually pretty trendy so those are
with all those polka dots that's for
adults yeah all those colors right there
yeah I don't know if they'd me I don't
know if kids have this I play on the
days that it rains we can't just let the
dogs run out the window because it gets
kind of muddy and wet back there and so
if they just jump right back into the
window it brings all that mud into the
house so on the days that it rains we
take them out for a little walk and then
that way we could control where they're
stepping into and when they come back in
it can wipe off the little paws and wipe
off the top of that first and so far
fawn has peed but breaky has not yeah
I'll bring you Peter ready
oh good girl brig you little peepee
monster good girls
did you pee it babe you're the first one
you peed on the grass did you pee on the
grass
where's your pee oh that's weird
ma bear yeah I realized why bosses have
to have like nice cars and stuff not to
attract either future talent for their
company or other working relationships
and business partners now right I didn't
understand that before cuz before like
what attracts me to people like I don't
care if they have a LV wallet or if they
have a Lamborghini I want to know there
are work methods their business plan
their business procedures and how they
analyze things and how they troubleshoot
and overcome conflict right and that to
me like ability and capability is more
indicative of their business prowess
than the materialistic things that they
have right but then now as I was walking
the dogs I just realized why
businesspeople have to buy nice stuff do
you know why um I mean it's all
perception you know what I mean it's all
like you're kind of showing that this is
your status
and it also kind of I guess depending on
the industry that you in but it also
kind of separates like top-tier from
just regular person yeah yeah so even
even if it's not truth at least in the
beginning it's kind of like putting up I
don't know if it's a facade but it's
kind of showing the world like look I'm
successful if you want to be successful
then you need to hang out with me yeah I
realize um what I came what I boiled it
down to is I think the majority of
people are visual learners and that's
why so visually yeah you can go up to a
girl
I mean conceptually you can go up to a
girl and bleh hey yo like I'll be a good
man I'll take care of you and all that
but if you roll up and you look bald and
you look presentable and you look fit
that tells her hey I exercise I got my
shit unlock and that makes you a better
candidate and I think that's the same
thing for like bosses right where people
if they see a guy roll up in a Mercedes
or something they like oh shit this one
got money he can buy it it's like it
speaks so much more information than
getting to know someone but the problem
with that is because that materialistic
thing is but it can also be faked right
right but then that's also a fine line
between people that are gaudy and
over-exaggerated and you can just tell
that it's a front versus the actual
people that are really successful that
can look like
cold I just really down-to-earth people
no no no not doctors but they look like
fuck what's the term oh they look like
hipsters or homeless people but then
they had like these little elements of
riches where you're like oh shit
alright see you so I feel like it's
always necessary to kind of I shouldn't
say always because that's such a like a
definitive like direction but I feel
like um you know you usually want to
have something of status because then
that like you said ever the majority of
us I think all of us I would want to say
like 99% of the population our visual
learners
not there what kind of yummy stuff did
you get hmm
slow roasted ham swiss would you give
for your drink hmm
venti vanilla latte paste you usually
get that mm-hmm
you just want to try something different
mm-hmm I do not is good I think I like
the reduced fat turkey better oh really
the sandwich hmm
what about the drink bomb pretty good
yeah I wanted to try something different
always just get lattes I'm actually
surprised that you got a cold drink on a
cold day I think I'm thirsty I think
that's all I was craving me home that I
could yeah that I could like there's the
clincher Pond Serpa sip on surp it whoo
the other day and he was eating your
shin oh yeah he went to say something to
me over here he came back Fontainebleau
you were eating his food what I know you
freaking bastard
go ahead freaking bastard who said you
can nobody said you can so Aaron stop by
for our monthly or weekly or whenever we
can have it
barbell brigade head honcho meeting was
just Erin me and Gio but before we start
this off Gio
I discovered something very interesting
on Instagram and I want to show you no
no no you said so this these were your
exact words he goes do you want to see
something scary and I'm already a big
pansy I said no I don't wanna see
anything change like well you know what
it's not scary it's disgusting
I definitely don't want to see it you
know it's fine it's not so much
discussing its what what do you say
weird it's weird it's weird and I'm like
whee I'm like those three words already
are turning me off so I don't want any
guys like alright alright it's actually
pretty sexy like how do you go from
scary disgusting weird to sexy and now
he just said it's very interesting this
I don't want to see it just do it trust
him you have to do it oh you just do it
you have to I know but but it's so
interesting that isn't how to pop up
just are you ready it's scary it's not
scary is it disgusting
no the pencil just it's not trust me
it's not what you think it is there
that's it
we'll get the phone get your phone get
my phone for what where's your phone
can you do it - what yeah get your phone
and then tell me when you're on the
explore page of Instagram because can
you do the explore page of Instagram get
there this right the explore page the
magnifying glass yeah I'm there I hit
the magnifying glass are you there let
me know any hit the magnifying glass
Oh your phone died no I left it my shirt
oh he's signing I don't know if you can
go to Explorer you can I'll just watch
are you guys sure you guys get closer in
ships I guess all right I own the
explore page yeah now go to the hashtag
section you know there's a hostage yeah
so you go to the high-tax you see
where's attacks yeah go on tags so I
wanted to look at pictures of
Rottweilers yesterday now type in
Rottweiler how did you spell it
ro TT w e i le are you just type it in I
hit the top one so look there's a bunch
of Rottweilers right yeah and they look
cute as shit right yeah no it starts
going down keep scrolling
keep scrolling going keep going keep
going
these are all dogs well you wouldn't
mean so there's not a dog that we're
gonna see you're gonna see a dick what's
that's not challenge what is that
so you push on that no keep going though
I'm going okay
keep going well there wasn't as many
yesterday yesterday I want to look at
Rottweilers and then all of a sudden
like 20 pictures of vagina start popping
up I'm like what the fuck is this have
to do with Rottweilers go back maybe
it's the wrong one go back try the
second one put a Rottweiler I scratched
score that hose are cute oh they're
alright weather so far
I'll come so many Rottweilers look
purple in pictures it's weird
those aren't bad well that's not that
bad then yesterday though I was looking
at rot was because I wanted to see some
pictures of Rottweilers and there's
nothing but vaginas all over the place
and I'm like what the hell yeah
Gary that's scary freaky was like just
goes a lot though it was like it was
raunchy kind it was like the the home
vagina special meat hooks and shit you
know how there's like so there's like
the glamor porn and then there's like I
made this myself porn yeah it was the I
made this myself type of porn just keep
scrolling and they're all disguised by
like the snapchat logo just watch again
cuz we saw that one right yeah just keep
looking maybe they all got taken down
thank goodness cuz I'm mad can you
imagine
no I'm serious can you imagine like a
little boy like me trying to look for
Rottweilers I love Rottweilers cuz
Tyson's part Rottweiler so I miss stuff
sure here already just one but it's not
really like oh yeah there's ton of those
there's a ton of those yesterday all
over the place and I'm like I was just
trying to reminisce Tyson because he's a
quarter Rottweiler and then there is
frickin nothing but like veg badge and
pornography and dildo patient's Danis
phone takes forever to load or their
internet sucks so so if I only saw two
pornos there's no more pornos
you failed buddy oh you got lucky you
got lucky
what if I get lucky you saw the badge I
saw a ton of it I was like what the heck
here's another badge look at that
well Oh God look at that bad shit I miss
Rottweilers you've used sold it's so
wrong no cuz it was really bad yeah no
it was like this from here all the way
down and then some of it was like it was
like finger deep in there
crazy I bet everything owner it made
them hashtag a Rottweiler I have no idea
whose chewed up my one or what I don't
know it was crazy-looking though yeah
there's nothing sorry bro alright fine
well you got lucky
alright so I didn't believe I didn't
come across that much freaking nudity so
I had to double check out my phone and
look I type in Rottweiler and boom
already two of those snapchat ones and
then go down more cute pictures more
cute pictures and then boom another one
another one another one and another one
whoa I'm not just a normal person and
another one and another one and another
one yeah cuz it's based off of the shit
that you click on you pervert no it's
not hashtag hashtag Rottweiler yeah but
it's going on an algorithm of like the
pet the clicking pattern you do and
you're just a big ass pervert no it goes
on the clicking pattern of the hashtags
we already saw mine you I specifically
asked how you spelled it so that I can
get the same results that you did yeah
but now I know that one when you're a
pervert and you click on perverted
things then it's gonna pop up perverted
things well I was looking for a while
others like a pervert oh I was looking
for a cute Rottweiler you were but mmm
because in your past history of searches
you've looked at perverted things
they're like all this guy's a pervert
let's go am all the perverted robberies
so my past searches is like lifted
trucks and German shepherds no no but
within that you probably saw a girl with
like a boob kind of exposed and then
you're like oh let me see that real
quick of course well that's what oh well
I got lucky too
yeah that's what I said you got lucky so
um
hey gimme it's pretty funny he's part of
it so um we visited two Filipino
restaurants because I randomly had a
Filipino craving the other day and I was
like oh you know what I miss I want I
wanna eat some chicken adobo and I was
gonna make it but I'm like oh you know
what I hate doing dishes on time about
bullshit and I started looking up all
the places I would serve it and then an
eagle rock which is not too far away
from where I live has a ton of Filipino
restaurants so I was like all right cool
let's go get some Filipino food we went
to the first one and the whole entire
restaurant was booked for someone's
birthday so we couldn't even eat there
and it is super loud and they're
actually really friendly I'll just come
on we'll make space for you I might not
want to intrude on your party so we
found another one called Max's at Manila
and then we came over here and another
entire rooms booked for birthdays and
because of that even though me and Gia
are only two people eating it's gonna
take 30 minutes to wait for food or to
even get seated so like oh Sh I can't
believe forgot how much Filipinos love
to party and because of that since we
came on the weekend like Filipinos are
of course gonna take advantage of the
week at the party like crazy so I'm like
oh man now I'm not gonna go tell my
Filipino craving but I what I'll try to
do is maybe come on a weekday next time
and hopefully I'll be able to get my
Filipino craving sufficed are you
looking for another place to eat right
now
and what about Porto's no do they have
food food we're just all patients come
down four portals but it's just not food
food is very blend out right now stone
oven sandwiches well done for pizza
there's dent - oh there's I'm known for
that I just wanna be away though for
sure that's a way place
the entire fun is like the Chinese
Shalom bow and it's like mom it's like
little dumplings like pork look for
something at all time it looks like
that's what it looks like
it looks delicious a little soup in
there is so bomb but it takes forever
unless you go there right at the time
that they open enough for anything just
hungry no I'm trying to look but now
you're just cuz I was I was I was down
to wait 30 minutes not really but you
know I can't
it's ringing before clock we left the
house at 3:00 I know in an hour just
fuckin around I got work it's all the
damn Filipinos are trying to party
fuckin Filipinos and you're awesome
dances and you're fucking talented ass
artistic style you guys are fuckin
awesome and really nice shoes
I know your awesome hair your amazing
skin color fuckers yeah I don't know I
mean fuck what else is there what else
not much else are you serious are even
looking there's a bunch of American food
I'm down for whatever Danna you opened
up a big can you stop fuck
when you have all these our nose itches
you know sometimes you just nose wants
to sneeze or is it just me all right but
uh after trying to make all these
unstable decisions we're all that to
know where we're got really hungry and
we're tired of waiting we call to other
places and they both had a 30-minute
wait we're like let's just go to our use
and they never disappoint which is
Charlie's trio and I'll Hamburg and Foom
got pizza can never go wrong with the
pizza I got my favorite margarita pizza
where's your protein but I added
prosciutto in there for the protein
thank you for asking and just let you
know Pizza is a fuck ton of protein in
the cheese and a new glasses
words in this whole process and mama
bears out new glasses and she's eating
pasta with scripts with scraps and every
time I need pizza
I've always have to have a root beer I
don't know why but I got root beer right
there
I always yes
your beer is my favorite with the I'm a
child down and I'm probably gonna finish
the whole pizza
Ian's Elise for sure I'll probably have
to do the half of this guy why we're not
efficient
I'm not all right
we're gonna cut this footage we're going
to eat and then you're going to turn it
back on if you like absolutely no it's a
lot of pizza is dense clapping as Pete
says this is huge
Dontae love finish the Pete oh it was
delicious my mouth Apple my speech
tonight yellow shirt you got your
protein this body Moscow I know you have
a busy day today stuff I didn't go to
Paris house a half you I said I was
going to go
after watch a movie with Casey and
Michael for homework to work on is one
of our references for our movie Oh
kind of is my parents so I'm glad I'm
going home I'm miss repairs to maybe a
month
Misha pairs to
well bear yes papa do condoms feel good
for you they don't feel as good as a raw
penis actually really yeah I mean I
would definitely prefer no condom
especially like my raw penis cuz it
feels so good ha only here raw beans
what so well all the other raw penises
you thought I don't even remember any of
that
really yeah you don't remember everyone
else's raw penis Oh whoo remember
everyone's vagina no we're talking about
you right now well I guess I'm just
trying to have you relate so that you're
like oh yeah that's true I don't
remember every girl's vagina unless you
do then shit I really do have bad memory
or they just didn't they weren't
impactful like paw berries really yeah
let's go
okay I thought talking got y'all horny
for you what about the that one baseball
player you're dating I like that
nine-inch dick I just remember with it
well not even look I guess I just
remember how I felt when I first saw it
can you draw a drawing for me basic from
memory no I got police drawn from the
nine inch thick enough it would probably
look like every dick out there but just
9 inches that's fucking huge it's big
you don't remember how it felt
I remember more pain than pleasure
really
yeah but I mean that's what I'm talking
about now it's like 10 years ago it's
like such a long time though so you
don't remember at all more than 10 years
you don't know right off no not even
close like if there were a lineup of
dicks yeah and you did it pick his I'm
definitely Steven Avery somebody for
sure
well his dick is just gonna be like way
taller than everyone else's well if they
gave me a lineup of all 9-inch dicks oh
yeah
Dan's a huge lineup pun intended so what
about the con amigos this is our
relationship right here right now
this is us this is my side this is our
side
duh cuz you need it to be or I can feel
your side and I'm already cold what I
can feel it I'll just move it over you
go for the condom so like whether the
dick has a condom or not it feels
whatever's to you no no like I said the
raw dick always feels better for sure a
lot oh is it like a effort enough for me
to be like I don't want to condom is it
a - a - or is it a - a B or C it's like
a different letter for sure but the full
letter your full letter okay cuz I think
for guys it's at least it's at least one
full letter yeah me too
it's like it's it's better than the hand
but not much better than the hand I
guess so a condom a wearing a condom is
much better than a hand well we were not
wearing a condom
what the hell yeah I think that's my mom
yep that's her uh-huh was my father
it's in the car okay hold on car ass
back anyways I don't know what
everyone's calling but um yeah for a guy
it's at least what is it called at least
one letter away oh wow that's pretty
close but it also depends on the girl so
if the girls like super hot and then
she's like super tight or whatever then
of course the condoms gonna be like way
better in the hand but if she's ugly and
she's like super loose probably then you
might even want to just go with the hand
so then you're saying I'm like in the
middle then because you can do it with a
condom no you're my mother
that means I always wonder you know I
call my stepdad mom back I don't know
why she's calling me like she remember
freaking three times a day she calls me
three times in the same hour yeah but
can you just take notes and remember
what you wanna talk to me - cuz I'm
already half momentum in my day going in
a different direction and now it's like
that's cozy yeah it's crazy because it's
like she's wasting home like there she
is I'm like Colin I'm Carly hey she's
Alton I just pick it up Oh you hung up
on her clothes gonna pick you up right
yeah you're working yeah officer sigh
fuck it
okay okay why do you know what the plan
was a little freedom holler
flex tickle fight so much so he's trying
to get Bart but I think Bart's gonna put
him in a trap real quick all right Isaac
you got to fight the trap I believe in
you do something
kick kick I think now there you go fight
it Isaac fight it
Jack you try to kick him try to kick him
say wait ow ow something hurts and then
and then and then you get out of it
start crying and then he'll stop and
then you just punch him in his nose step
on him jump on him just jump wait but
don't fall backwards please
Oh oh my god
I just saw him flying headfirst oh I
think as a six-pack damn Isaac you're
ripped
it almost worked agreement baby he said
they're already breathing help you I
think it looks like you're in pain oh
yeah he can't breathe he can't breathe
ha ha ha what a fag I know he's a crowd
surfing with one guy
on you I got little rides on you yeah
yeah where's the fourth third and fourth
one here oh my god I've had enough of
this Isaac losing that hurts him he said
should I be more of a P like the tip or
something be like that one
so it actually sticks or is that okay
that's sure I think it's important to
get the tote is thick
