okay finally pulled myself out of bed it
is noon almost two actually and I got
dressed and I feel like I put on the
best shirt I own ever look at this if
you don't know what movie this is from
you are definitely missing out on a huge
positive point of my childhood this is
like the best movie ever and I feel like
it's timeless like anyone even now can
watch it and truly enjoy it at any age
so if you don't know what to talk about
the movies called the sanli go ahead
watch it it's so cute and super funny
and a part of me wishes I had that
childhood growing up but I didn't I grew
up in the ghetto didn't play with any
kids
um but yeah it was a fun little escape
for me growing up but anyway I am now
gonna go to the office and jump into a
meeting and yeah hopefully I can hang in
there for today because I'm I am
definitely feeling the jet lag for sure
so I'm just gonna try to stay awake for
as long as possible and then go to sleep
like at maybe 10:00 or 11:00 tonight and
hopefully I'll be adjusted tomorrow but
definitely not looking forward for the
rest of today it's gonna suck okay so
just left the office I'm in my car and
I'm not moving I'm not driving you swear
I'm gonna stop and when you guys saw me
I was in my car same position and I was
going to the office so that I can have
my meetings meetings are all done and
the Sun is not hot anymore
I fucking love the Sun but good news is
I don't feel jet-lagged i feel very
inspired and motivated actually maybe it
could be just because i just finished a
creative meeting and those are always so
fun because it's just a bunch of people
throwing out some really cool ideas and
um you know just wanting to stay
positive and just be funny and we try to
make each other laugh with crazy ideas
so everyone is just super supportive
really cool a lot of laughs are going on
and those are usually my favorite cuz um
I think I'm just naturally a more
creative person so my brain just goes to
crazy town all the time and like I just
get lost in my imagination and I'm just
like telling my stories and just
different ideas that I have and it's
totally fun for me so I think that's
probably why I feel super energized
maybe I should talk to you guys in about
an hour after I eat and I'm just gonna
be like yeah completely dead but
speaking of eating I'm actually on my
way right now to get some nll because I
haven't had in and out in a long time so
I want in and out and I'm sorry I'm
being very annoying right now I think
I'm just really happy to be outside of
office I've been in there for about
three or four hours and we have no
windows so I'm just like yeah outside
world people so yeah I'm kind of being a
little bit weird sorry yeah in and out
now and for those of not for those of
you my foreign peeps who don't know what
in and out is this is in and out and
it's a Kelly staple for sure it's a it's
a it's a Southern Cali staple and this
is their menu it's pretty chill it's
just the number one which is a
double-double and number two
cheeseburger number three hamburger I
don't know anybody that's ever gotten it
number three to be honest with you um
and then this is the rest of their menu
and that's essentially it now over the
years there has developed this um this
like secret menu and one of the secret
menu items is animal style and animal
sounds like they're spread on anything
that you want but animal style
specifically the one I'm getting is for
the burger and that's when they put the
spread and fried pickles and um I think
that's it
oh and mustard I believe I think I just
watched that all up but that's what I
get um in mind and then you can get your
french fries double fried and I didn't
even know that like there's so many
secret
new items but if you've never been here
I just highly recommend the number one
you can't go wrong with the number one
and they even have options for my
vegetarian not my vegan people but my
vegetarian people on they can give you
grilled cheese sandwiches which is
really cool and it's just basically two
buns and cheese and spread well
everything that you see on the menu like
in that picture - the beef patty but
it's really good I highly recommend it
to anyone that's been here a lot of
people have issues with their fries I
don't I fucking love them but but they
do not compare or stand a chance against
McDonald's fries I'll give you that okay
I said too much about McDonald's I'm
gonna cut it here oh now the theme
looking luxurious like always I bring
they're rehearsing some lines over here
you're just trying out different
wardrobe options to it I'll say whatever
I was about naked I just wore this that
works
there is no underneath it'll be here I'm
actually making props let me see
not yet trust me it'll all make sense
when this get out
I just ran outside to get my camera
because I've been working in here was a
script you can't see it yet because we
haven't shot it yet some props used a
lot of starch and I'm ironing these
things two at a time if you guys can
guess what I'm doing and what I'm making
yeah they're awesome
yeah here we go another one
I look so bootleg doing it like this but
I noticed when I was doing on the
counter this the heat would create steam
with the with the starch and then they
would remain wet and they wouldn't dry
up and get all crisp but now when I put
it on this mats it's so thick it doesn't
get moist and it dries up and it even
burns the socks of it to give it kind of
a used dirty effect which i think is
pretty awesome
yeah I've never made anything like this
before
so I'm glad
that looks great
make sure to keep it on his side that
looks good should it be more of a P like
the tip or something be like that one so
it actually sticks or is that okay
that's sure I think it's important to
get the tote is thick that's all or just
the piece of where the nut would be hey
you thought about this you perv he's
wearing watermelon sucks it was better
it hurt my thumb you put some posted on
the ceiling yeah oh cool yeah there you
go
there's place I'm watching everything he
can't look alright are these guys doing
hmm oh it's so sticky it's gross
I don't know how I feel about this more
it's pretty nasty it's super sticky I
had to ask all the guys for advice on
how this is supposed to feel and they
all they all had something to say it was
pretty awesome
they were like duo actually you should
feel a little bit sticky it should be
you know crumpled up and crunched up and
stuff he was giving advice kiss was
giving advice by almost changing advice
that's pretty fine it's pretty
interesting that you guys finish insults
I don't know I don't know what girls use
so don't finish the way guys finish the
girls do get it wet and they do have to
change their underwear it's crazy but
songs about socks I do have a very
embarrassing story about a sock maybe I
should save it for another day
well no I can tape right now so we were
eating here some Chinese joint right and
the bathroom is separate from the
restaurant so it's kind of like a public
bathroom for the whole plaza
I went in their head think of freaking
crazy shit you know the con it like
feels like gravity pulls on your gun
here like all fogs like if you just like
loosen up your butthole a little bit
like it's coming out it was like that so
I run in there sit down just explosive
poop comes out right and you're like oh
one of those we're just like oh and like
yeah I said because I didn't think I was
gonna make so then that happens and then
I'm about to wipe and there's not one
single roll of toilet paper not one
square of toilet paper there are no hand
house there's no wiping or drying
devices in this bathroom number
fuck what am I gonna do and that
actually reminded me of the time that
bar got used toilet paper or used tissue
from the trash looked for a clean area
on that spot hold on let me make sure
this stuff's not burning that works let
me just let it dry a bit let me
disconnect this cuz I don't want to burn
myself yeah so long he found used tissue
paper from the trash I don't know those
foot I don't know what it was used for
he doesn't know what it was used for
found a clean corner and then used it to
wipe his own ass with this used to shoot
I said fuck that I'm not doing that
I have vagina I'm susceptible to more
diseases they're gonna enter my body
than farted even though no it's true um
cuz he wasn't wiping his dick it was
wiping his bubbles so I'm like fuck what
am I gonna do so I look at my feet right
and I'm like yes today you guys are
getting separated and if you haven't
guessed it it took off my sock and I
wiped my ass with a sock but I threw
away the sock I didn't flush the sock so
I was thinking of the plumbing and I
feel like I was so ashamed that I had to
use one talk and I had to separate the
brothers but I ended up taking off my
other sock and just ensuring that I
wiped all this shit off from my ass and
the the second sock came to the rescue
just to kind of you know inspect the
area make sure there's no shit particles
let's I use the second sock
well please stay away from yourself
she's really scared I think we should
use this one as the prom song okay yeah
because it's the most crumpled
these are a little bit wet still okay um
so I separated the brothers and in the
trash they went full of shit
so thank you Sox for sacrificing
yourself and using yourself for the
greater good
and not just for protecting their feet I
really appreciate you guys and I people
enough with the embarrassing stories I
need to fill now because I don't have to
do some of your shit for me I don't know
on me with me something I don't know I'm
about ready to wrap up my night I think
I will be just answering a couple emails
getting a couple things prepped for
Jackie party tomorrow I'm in my PJs and
a really cool shirt
it shouldn't Mexico even though I was a
truckie meaning I was made here born
here in America but I don't know it's a
dope so dope shirt this actually is
stance from all the items and food
products or does any product made out in
Mexico they stamp it with this so
someone had the clever idea to put it on
t-shirt and now I'm buying it and
wearing it I bought one of these for
Bart's head thought it was super cute
that he's repping Mexico cuz he's pretty
damn x'q and he's more of Mexican than I
am that's for sure
uh and I I got these at Target they're
bunch of little dogs a lot of plugs and
stuff I see pug I see I don't know I'm
looking at everything backwards but it's
just different pups super cute and then
I have my door open slippers but I love
never growing up I'm telling you I'm
never going up uh I really tired though
but um she's gonna do a bit more
prepping I think I'm gonna call it a
night and I think I'll wake up early I
have a couple meetings in the morning
and then shoot JK party and then have a
barbell meeting and then another meeting
uh
and then I call that a day tomorrow oh
but it's so much fun it's a lot of hard
work but honestly it's so fun that I
wouldn't have it any other way
these meetings are totally fun and
they're totally worth it because it's a
preparation of what's to come in the
future of something that I have so much
of my heart invested in and so much of
my mind determined on seeing succeed so
it's a lot of fun it's very tiring
definitely very tiring and there's never
really much of a break but even if I had
breaks and I'm like you know what go on
a vacation take a look up my mind will
still be kind of working because you
know I'm passionate about it so I love
what I do so thank you guys for watching
let's go fuck this part a little bit
oh he can't see us Mothra there look at
me they took out his contacts are you
doing it
