literally just finished uh working out a
barbell brigade and I wore my my mark
bell squats squats socks right here
sweats
yeah embarked literally finished working
out to scratch attack yeah I'm saying
when I eat the Big Macs I'd drop the
reps you can't fuck with me nigga cuz I
got rats on the left and they go you
know me
you're weird as fuck why so weird look
at his look at his eyes
well so little he's prepping for that
ICL what's so weird about me and look at
look at his big blockhead versus his
little eyeballs some cute fillies you
don't have to shut up are you you
promised you see why never even a cutie
with you you always like you with me
every night in bed I admit it
hit me today at cuny oh you know got me
out during the day after the day my back
not during the day freaking smelly head
today's gonna be a crazy day
so we woke up at 8:30 went to the gym
it's about 12 outs of like one mission I
woke up at 8 and I spent 30 minutes with
you new up are we having a conversation
what in the morning oh you just woke up
and left
no starting minutes of me waking you up
okay well anyway yone so we were up at
that time worked out up until now got a
quick bite to eat that we haven't even
fit into yet gosh um then we're gonna
meet we're gonna have a creative meeting
for JK films because it's been sucking
ass and by sucking ass I mean it just
hasn't been funny because we are kimete
a comedic channel well we were trying to
connect on a personal they were and we
failed mr. Al personal struggle so you
kind of fix things around so they can
get in town figure out what the next
babbles yeah so we're gonna meet with
our creative team and we're gonna meet
here up until I don't know up until one
their meeting but we have to bounce at
3:30 to shower and then jump into our
barbell
corporate meeting up until 7:00 and then
we have the balance from that and then
have a barbell finished it hmm mm mm and
then we have our barbell Brigade banquet
like end of year dinner with all our
staff and everyone that's put blood
sweat and tears into making barbell what
it is today little wet and tea is a spin
honey he's got up what does it mean
anyway yes that's what's happening but
I'll walk you through my day damn it
this guy what I do I think what do I do
what I do what I do fine hey see who's
here I think everyone had the same idea
yeah everyone got their own food
we got patent Express yeah yeah about
hundreds for us too
I'll spin him for some rye rye all right
all right just finish the creative
meeting and I think we have some pretty
cool things coming up for JK films for
you guys I can't wait to share it with
you I have time to go home and uh gasps
first you have time to go home and gas
may now go to gas station and put the
oscillator yeah you do
beneath gas you up um and we met for
about like three hours it was a good
meeting now uh we are on our way to get
gas and
and after gas we rush home clean off all
this dry sweat that we have on our
bodies from working out this morning and
then we jump into our barbell corporate
meeting which is always fun because then
we get updates as to what's going on in
different departments but everyone's
just like really chill but it's still
very professional but then it's very
lacs
it's like a pretty cool environment to
be in I think JK films is the same way
to actually we were all just eating and
grubbing and um just laughing and having
a good time
returning mine your well we know try to
keep it that way we do there's no
there's no reason why things have to be
so serious all the damn time but I think
like if we weren't more serious we
probably would be more efficient like in
the military in the military like at
least in the Marine Corps there's no
time to fuck around it's like we get a
lot of shit done in a short amount of
time but then there's also less that's I
guess yeah that's exactly I was gonna
say I was gonna say you're kind of
conditioned to be that way though you
know what I mean because it's like you
go through like rigorous training and
boot camp to kind of like break you down
in a sense and kind of strip you away of
like you're an individual now you're
you're part of the unit you know so it's
not done with love it's done with I
don't know what what else would it be
done with like a love your efficiency
it's done with efficiency I don't know
but I I do like that love is present
because it's like no matter what people
are down to just put their life on the
line for us and like everyone is like a
family and we got each other's backs so
it's really cool and I prefer that style
than like having fear instilled into
people you know yeah like oh oh shit
what's gonna happen it's like a lot of
stress like unnecessary stress what
glasses are giving me a headache sights
drive with the month no what the hell
can you see I see a big shape oh my god
baby
put him on I'm used to the street put
him on you're on the other side of the
street I'm not why would you take them
off does it really hurt you yeah cuz I
haven't worn my glasses in a long time
so like this is my second day wearing
glasses for this long to wear this long
it's just like I don't know like I'm
dues on my peripheral vision and then
like my sight is so bad that my glasses
would actually be like three times
thicker but then I ordered the ultra
thin lenses yeah and all that means is
just they have a way crazier curvature
but because it has a way crazier
curvature like on this end
my actual focal space is really small oh
that makes it so the stuff the middle
it's full it's like what normal I see
but as soon as I start looking up but
that's like a fish I like things just
start flaring out oh no and then because
of that like since I'm looking through a
fisheye all day um gives me a headache a
little bit maybe you need new frames
then and then you can get the thick
glasses the thick lens well I don't like
thick lenses Oh cuz it's just gonna put
a bruise on my nose oh shit it's that
heavy well I have a permanent bruise on
my knowledge know my nose the cutter I'm
coming out to answer the fucking Lizbeth
fucker
ignore bitch talk to a bull fuck that
bitch
ah that sucks I've never really had an
issue with my eyes
lucky ever it's cuz you didn't have to
tell us extra homework that the Asian
parents make you do so it's not a muscle
it's not a what since all the extra
homework and a stranger eyeball so if I
had to use my eyeballs like a tit at
eight years old if I use my eyeballs the
same amount that a 16 year old already
has of course I would have bad eyes it's
accelerating the degradation of the
eyeballs damn son is I don't like you
know like OB you know like they say that
his fingers the way his bones and
cartilage cartilage where it's the same
to someone that's 80 years old oh wow
something oh whoa I didn't know that
yeah because of how much wear and tear
he put on it so that like if they did an
x-ray it's like oh shit on your hands 80
years old it's like well no it's just
put his hands through 80 years worth of
wear and carry okay I think that's on my
eyes is cuz I did so much fuckin
homework and worksheets that my eyes are
probably like 90 years old or something
and but you're really smart now so it
paid off yeah I guess so
and you're gonna get your eye surgery so
it's gonna be all good yeah I'll be
happy with that are you looking forward
to that yeah I'm very looking forward to
it me too actually I like it's not like
I'm obviously not going through it with
you but just seeing how much you have to
suffer um you know with your eyes and
the routine that you have to go through
every morning and every night and like
right now you can't even work glasses
and you have that permanent you know
bruising on your nose because your
lenses or the you know the the lenses
I've always been really heavy like I
just feel like you need a break there
what's awesome to finally get this break
what's awesome is um the last two nights
I've been getting ready without contacts
and it's so much faster I just have to
brush my teeth and wash my face I could
just jump right into bed I don't have to
rinse my contacts out or do anything
like that so I'm like oh should I could
get used to then it's like now I could
just wake up brush my teeth that run out
the door I'll be ready to go
Hey soon baby soon I'm gonna get gas now
and by we I mean Bob listen about
whispering you actually worked out in
those closes in that nasty I'm sleeping
on the top layer look he's sleeping on
the bottom at the bottom layer mother
top layer yeah look it's hard
I should have been eating I just need to
think up that's funny because I have a
meeting to but look you don't work out
the way I do
what got like a little pansy I get lost
he actually did my programming for me so
I work out pretty fucking hard alright
we got a call I was forced to wear my
PJs in the daytime
cuz Bart wanted to take a nap and once
Bart a snap the whole world stops so I
got these up my own and I will be doing
my makeup outside let's see freakin Bart
hi I just got kicked out of my own room
this Bart wants to sleep ever since I've
known Sarah he's never had matching
socks ever what is he a sock drawer look
like two even hook them up or you just
put them all in one drawer and then you
just pick about although you've never
had matching socks ever and look at
Nadine's always in a lavish pose forget
that guy he's fucking fancies fuck all
the time how fancy Nadine
and our meeting is wrapped a piece to
actually take six seconds to actually
they're not rat shit what don't keep
going
probably long to do fast cuz you know
what yeah it was iron I didn't know I
took that long six seconds that's a long
time he's took funny
lady was like obviously though it looks
like you're sticking your hand up his
butt from this angle I want it daddy
oh that's knuckle deep breath daddy
share on no people come to the gym and
on my all that walk come in he just
comes in hey this is Sarah going thank
you why do you call him sarin what are
you gonna loop because he's like the
combination of play Ron and Sarah hey
Sarah play Ron right here the home we
play play play play next to the homie
naked plea hey kid please take your
shirt off
you'll educate your fucking oh yeah oh
my god what are you doing to him Sarah I
am releasing his tight muscles yeah
here's a tight muscle he's here the
turbocell pronto what are you releasing
oh my self I feel the love you know no
body Jewess oh my god
no when he was talking about about us
packets spank it sister
he's like she got ahead of herself Jojo
okay hit though I should try to be like
oh you're gonna be legit more forever
like chill no look she does think she's
a big deal done alright I'm cutting this
now I leave the office call me bumpy
copy I see that shooter daddy no
how you say Oh daddy Chinese he's Korean
Charles way you know what I leave I know
fortune Firefall ccino ccino happiness
oh my goodness that was fucking caught
on camera yeah that was so good guys Oh
guys don't know me homie I see what so I
never Oh either weekend
you just missed a pitcher as churro
asked Sarah how he says daddy in Chinese
oh my god I kind of like disregarded the
fact that you said Sarah
ah that was a Chinese guy that's good
we're done we're done meeting please
yeah hey Jer yeah
hey shit I keep their cut you got it
this is it you're my king
do you can he just learned to English
what the hell
way he's been speaking English for
hominid like less than a decade you're
not gonna mess him up what are you
gather around Joe all the time
- it's true Isaac's English gonna be
jacked up hey you're my cousin he'd
leave drunk
are you next I got you records for what
you're my cousin
and it's actually 10 o'clock which means
that Bart Oh
10:55 sports definitely out me guess is
that getting tucked in anymore no rude
guy no that really scared me
oh well played fist pump - that little
Gilmore freaking Jimmy kiss I heard a
beat come out of that I said fist pump
to that you got me right jemelle
freaking what did you eat
Edie got neeta's tacos Joey's up con
Papa's and come at all wow you're good
thank you
yeah we had Mexican food it was pretty
bombs like Mexican fine-dining yeah it
was pretty bomb that I had a chuckle
flan yeah so tell him the story behind
that there's a Spanish waiter and like
everything he says has like a Spanish
accent because he's like English is his
second language yeah and it's so funny
that flan is even the way you would say
it
in Spanish in American and instead 1/2
flan flan and everyone's like oh can I
get some flan like it's like normal but
I think in his mind Americans say flan
so he was like you like is a choco
friend and I would you say flan
not even the Americans they plan
everyone says fun pretty good
observation you wanna choke over and
let's say you're the comedian you pick
up on all the people's quirks like
you're big but yours I want the big boy
look at that frickin conduct conduct
again took me a little duck fine you
little fucking Viper but all right guys
that's its eat my day has come to an end
the finally and I'm about to knock the F
out of case we ever you watch a movie a
movie or something
yeah liar but if I fall asleep just keep
watching wait this is yours oh it's not
me yeah I have mine over here don't kill
that one's yours did you cut your
toenails yeah why'd you hide him let me
see this your claws all do cold remember
you liked when I called them claws yeah
he liked when I called them Claus
because it made him feel like I'm an
animal animal
he's like a like ah your cloth scratched
me and he goes GE I liked when you
called them cause I feel like an animal
um oh you are I don't know any animal
that seems like that all do fine
you're such a baby
Oh fucking love you so much I do love so
much I love you so much
alright let's go to sleep alright guys
good night let's go fuck with bar a
little bit
oh you can't see us Mothra what are you
doing there
look at me they took out his contacts
are you doing that
