what a beautiful people just got back
from the gym it's about to enough and
you know my god and it's feeding time
for these guys um and I think I fucked
up a little bit so let me find a place
to put my camera so I was telling myself
okay so let me show you what I'm doing
so funny right here this is fawns food I
think this is uh riggies food and the
reason why I say I think so I'm mixing
some um God dang I'm really time for my
workout so I'm giving them this food
right
I bought this brand for them cuz fawn
has to dammit focus ok there we go
cuz fawn has to eat medicine so for her
she has it says apply one packet of food
once with to food once a day right and
have to give her this little packet and
it's uh I don't know what it's really
for
um she was having diarrhea and in her
diarrhea she had some blood in there so
I took it to the vet and they weren't I
mean they did a bunch of tests but they
weren't sure what the hell's going on so
in the meantime they gave us this stuff
and then I have to give her this pill
too
come on focus Oh
focus anyway focus oh my god this is the
worst camera ever anyway so I think of
her this pill and I told myself do you
pay attention to what is what cuz I'm
giving them essentially the same thing
but brig is obviously not getting the
medicine so now I have to go through
this and find that fucking pill to
figure out which one is which I'm so
exhausted from this weekend like my
voice is gone if you guys can't really
tell my voice is gone and then I just
had a crazy training session and uh I
don't know whose is whose anymore like
my mind isn't here
fuck have to find these fucking little
white pill oh there it is okay
there's a white pill so this food right
here is fawns
so I can give this one to spawn yay we
did it guys
yay now you guys could eat no no no sit
sit
fine sit yo bro sit No
sit sit good girl no sit sit
no no sit sit sit sit
bricky good girl nope no okay no doubt
rhomboids just like good girls and fawns
actually really good at detecting where
the pill is so far she's eating it every
single time but when I was trying to
give it to her like hiding it in meat
she would eat the meat and then spit off
the pill but this method has been
working the best and I feel like she
already ate the pill do you eat the pill
already fun yep she ate the pill and
then that's pretty cool
pills gone yay so I've been doing this
for them for about seven days now and so
far so good
fawn has a diarrhea and I haven't seen
any blood in her stool so it's good I
wish I knew where it came from like I
wish dogs can communicate and be like yo
my tummy hurts
I ate some grass back there and I think
it was funny grass cuz now my tummy
hurts and I'd be like oh shit show me
which crash you ate dog and then they'd
take me back there and they'd be show me
they'd be like this one right here to
die oh shit let's get rid of this grass
but because I can't and I don't know who
what what's going on with them
it's just left to us and bets you know
professionals and one on to figure out
what's going on with them I wish I wish
I could take care of them better because
I mean I don't know what's what's going
on with them but hey so far they're good
the grubbin de fun good job and these
like couple minutes I was talking to you
guys her food is gone
son good job baby good job baby girl
good job good job
I'm so proud of you this one too
good job level pretty they're so good
yay okay meeting time hi hmm hi yeah we
go for us hi oh whoa I'm recording I'm
recording we can't talk about Elia shit
right now
okay let's talk about legal shit what's
illegal nothing nothing
hookers Michael that's it you know what
is legal is growing marijuana if you
have the card five years ago police
would have been busting through my
friend's door but now he's growing it
legally and posting it all over the
Internet yes very true I'm digging that
poncho the cops on making a murderer
that's what's illegal are you guys
watching it anybody watching it I'm
using their second is oh it gets worse
Ron right so we're on Episode six it
gets worse it's good I've been where is
get I've been going on this thing where
I'm reading about a lot or watching and
reading about whistleblowers so like
throughout the years from 1980 all the
way up until now like chief of US
Marshals former chief of US Marshals
former chief of NYPD that went to jail
and then like all these people are
coming out and saying like if you speak
against the corrupt system then they
either like they kill mmm they kill your
people close to you they find a way to
frame you and go to jail or like yeah
but they're still speaking out it's
crazy
I'm watching these hugs from these like
really brave people that are just
talking about their you know yeah it's
it's crazy up exactly what making a
murderer is about oh really
yeah I like it a lot Tim yeah yeah you
love I gotta murder I gotta get on it I
got a I got a this weekend I'll get on
it first episode you'll be hooked you're
gonna want to you don't want to know
more you like it I love it I love area
so you have another kind of I don't find
at 10:00 p.m.
right and it's a very honest docket as
juicy as it is they don't ever play up
the the antics they never play up the
traumatic ties ation of it they just
it's so honest and true and genuine it's
and it's real and it's fucked about it
is I think cuz it's so fucked up and
like it's so surreal to think that this
guy went to jail for the reasons that he
did and given the evidence that you're
just like this has to be fake like it
has to be fake how is this real life
someone wrote this for TV show you
that's what you think
it's horrible horrible sometimes the
best entertainment is just real life
like blogs like your blogs like your
blogs like your IG like your huh
follow these vlogs just finished our
meeting and Bart what are you doing
right now
oh it's autumn we yeah well sorry what's
up so I said I just finished or we just
finished our meeting now what are you
doing nothing me with me asleep on the
feature we're still trying to move that
forward yeah you got me three really
solid future ideas cool and I'm really
excited about on it and they're still
top secret at this point they're gonna
be really gonna him one on was actually
game-changing oh oh man I'm excited to
hear it I don't even know and he's not
wearing my shoes by the way he has his
own damn shoes when I was inside yo and
then you have TIFF and Julie and they're
working on JK news with Isaac he's going
crazy in that room
and then Joe is about to vlog with it
I'm waiting for you yeah so we just
finished right and now you're still
gonna continue a meeting right yeah
we're gonna be working and working and
working and working and working and
working and working and working got it
okay so just got home and I gotta get
ready um cuz I haven't showered all day
and it's six o'clock at night now I got
a shower
cuz I have to have dinner with some
friends and I can't go looking like this
and smelling like shit so hop on hey you
are a big baby okay
that's your shirt all done and now I
just wait on more to get here so that we
can leave together um in the hunt begins
and I do this hunt about about ten times
a day and the hunt is to find my phone
cuz I move around so much when I'm
getting ready I'm throwing things around
I get out of my way that's not priority
I got to get a VI move move move and I
change do this do that do this ax and
then um I lose my phone so oh here we go
found it I always leave it in the
weirdest places to like sometimes I'll
leave it like on the ledge of that bed
and I'm like okay so I definitely won't
forget it or there are times where I'm
like getting stuff out of like my
underwear drawer for example right and I
just leave it here and I'm like I'm
gonna go back to that later and then
when I find it after looking for it for
hours I'm like what was I thinking what
did I put it in there what the hell's
wrong with me um yeah and this happens
daily dude like III have to like sit
myself down and be like Gio get your
fucking head in the game pay the fuck
attention stop fucking around cuz I'm
thinking of and I don't know ladies tell
me out there if this is you guys but I
feel like I'm thinking of like 20
million things at one time right so I'm
getting ready I'm like okay cool
gotta get ready gotta put my watch on
cuz I have to know what time it is have
to make sure that my you know that my
phone is charged also oh shit Vaughn
what to the vets have to make sure I get
it for her pill oh cool after that oh
shit I got to pick up the
shoes because it's in the middle of the
Holly oh my god someone's gotta put that
pinion and these thoughts just happened
in like a matter of seconds and it and
it feels like they all just kind of rush
in at once and then they kind of have to
get filed like and if I don't think
about them or at least file them of when
I'm gonna do them what I'm going to tend
to them and when I'm going to take care
of them and then I keep thinking about
it and my mind goes here and it's
thinking about the dog and I'm thinking
about what I got to do tomorrow and is
thinking about what project I have there
and then thinking about bar about it
thinking about bar think about myself
like today my bottom today and it's very
exhausting so is it just me you guys
please just let me know if this happens
to you girls or guys out there that have
girlfriends or like moms or sisters and
you see them just fucking stressed a
fuck out for no reason like ask them
like are you okay do you want to slow
down a little bit cuz we're thinking of
like 20 million things but again I don't
know if it's me like does this happen to
you guys can you just let me know back
home from dinner and the first thing I
want to do is change into my PJs and my
little Dale hat probably wear here
pick this up in Japan and uh Tokyo
Disneyland now I'm back with my ladies
check out how jealous these two K come
here come here biggie
come here breaky come here come here
piggy oh look at that's not brigita siz
fun what do you oh my goodness look at
that
why do you cock block myself I said brig
I said come here brig II why are you
here why are you here look at that so
uncomfortable but she's still right here
what are you doing you big weirdo you
Biglia though come here pretty
ubiquitous
coming me coming buggy you big cute
oh I said come here now what are you
gonna do you're stuck come here bring
you come every Calibri he could be cook
big bozo mm I love you
let's go fuck with bar a little bit
oh you can't see us Malka there look at
me took out his contacts are you doing
that
can you see anything good doggy
yeah why are you so sure there's a big
black being in front of you you can't
tell what it is
just like Herod the cavalry video we're
out he's blind he too got his eyeballs
so he can't see anything
Oh
are you being apartment no it's just
from your nipples up I thought my baby
turned out my nipple its really steamy
giggles the tiniest nipple Dever
muzzle am i getting wet yeah no I'm out
here you're getting wet
Lloyd a vagina no gross
all right guys so that was my day in a
nutshell
my face with you like in separate rooms
isn't before fun to date we have a day
called JK news every Thursday we sit at
the same table
okay Friday Saturday Sunday that's a
date we sit at the same table and we
share snacks at the beginning when we
were like when we first got together and
we were super in love because now we
just hate each other we were super
