good morning guys today is a nice change
of pace
me and mom Beth on a little cafe outside
of West Covina we're eating outside
scope what's cool cats westcote Westco
okay what skinny about it bet this guy's
homies I can't even see him for my
English
you cutie boy so we're out here in West
Covina because we're gonna print iPod a
meet and Christina allegedly live out
here in West Covina president I think
cuz it's just so relaxing out here like
it's not a beach city but it kind of
feels like a beach sitting out here and
we're just out here enjoying the weather
and my my words just started slurring I
can't even speak during normal work day
and I think my face is fucking dry yeah
I didn't stretching the crap out of my
mouth I can't even
okay okay I think I stretched my face
out that's a much better you're dry now
all over it's really flaky but I'm so
greasy I bet you by the end of the vlog
it's gonna be gone all the grease is
gonna Phillips please don't judge me
bikini but I'm looking at the menu and
there's a lot of tummy
I mean tongue I still can speak about
there's a lot of ton of yummy stuff you
got it and I was looking here and I was
like who was taking eggs I wanted some
protein and then they even have
cauliflower Bearnaise sauce and fried
shower I'm like oh that's fancy
there's a picture of this thing called
Dutch baby look and that looked
delicious where's the Dutch baby yeah I
think so quite straight up that's the
it sounds delicious
are you trying to share enough can I get
the steak and eggs medium-rare and can I
get the eggs over-medium yeah and should
I get a french toast to bail or not sure
will you share with me a little bit do
you recommend the french toast or crepes
let's get french toast and do you have
like something of just fruits yeah yes
the Santa Fe what did you get I didn't
realize how many lattes ahead it's just
the most basic la Tina just told them to
make it with soy and just at caramel
a lot because a lot of diner breakfast
places is just black coffee but I didn't
even have an espresso machine you didn't
hear me order I did but I didn't realize
I didn't I didn't connect the dots I
thought you were just ordering something
else and then I saw the whole list of
Americana
I don't know why that time the hell is
it oh wow Oh wallet Hana it's in a
walnut Americana Oh wallets on us it's a
big call of a setting you know how to be
fuckin lyrical and shit I've never kind
of that's where they go damn I think you
always choose the shit that smash no I
don't even want this anymore
no just water there now you have a
gonna called americano um no but it's no
you always get the good good you always
always always get the good good but now
I've found a new love and it's actually
thanks to you it's just adding soy you
just put soy in a latte and the
caramelizing it's white
can you pop out peepee poo-poo good yeah
you got the lyrical abilities dude
yeah man americano what kind of tonneau
what did you say that sounds like a
Japanese glass well it is well conectado
yep and it's from the northern regions
of Hiroshima Warner the northern veneers
yeah Elvis you know what's big kidney I
just realized this is a first time taiga
is outside of this baby stroller themed
restaurant really we took him out before
yeah at a restaurant yeah I thought he
was sleeping no I was holding him and
put him to sleep
I'm so stupid you're such a good you
were holding him - I was yes you were
holding I mean you asked me to give up
she shit I mean up daddy brain yeah you
held him longer than I did damn daddy
brain Oh No Mexican a see the this
carrier was on the side of the booth
what she was holding if you are what you
were like doing this oh and then the
food came and then you it was it came to
me but I was holding him and I'm like oh
I just gave us because I had just taken
I think I need more sleep but he likes
to knee in this little sunlight put the
little latte in front of them this is
the this is the first time he's out in
public in the morning yeah in West
Covina yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yes I
met Vicki me bought some latte yeah hi
are you gonna let him drink coffee
another team I could say he's like 11 or
12 or 13 I mean just cuz it tastes good
if he wants you you know what's one
thing that was a trip when I was in
junior high one time I had one of my
buddies pick me up to take me to school
cuz I didn't have a ride and when he was
taking me to school my this is my buddy
Roger Roger looks like hey Dad - I
stopped by Starbucks and I already heard
of Starbucks as a name brand so I didn't
know I didn't you knew what it was I
knew what it was but I didn't know what
they sold but I just heard of Starbucks
and I was a kid I'm like oh cool Star
Plus I've always heard to start with I
don't know what they sold yeah so in a
walk inside and me being like the little
kid little kid 11 or 12 okay so I don't
really know too much and I'm just like
this is Starbucks when it just first
came out so no one really knew was kind
of a mystery still and I'm looking at it
am I just the first time ever saw it
like the crate where they would put
coffee beans and like that type of decor
you know kind of like that that like see
I talked about the corn on my wow this
place is crazy and then the guy just
walks up and can I get to a caramel
frappuccinos one for me one for my buddy
your your friend yeah and he's 11 and 12
to you yeah he just knew what to order
right off the bat and I'm like that he's
half white half Chinese oh yeah you did
say that I'm sorry and then Umbreon
zoomx night I never said that dunno
maybe I told you but I got a previous
story but he got he got he got the UH he
got the frappuccinos and then I drank it
and I literally thought it was happened
I never had anything like that in my
entire life my drink nama but it would
blew my mind that he knew what to order
the size the venti grande or whatever
and since then I didn't have Starbuzz
alder and talked I was in high school
cuz I just never felt like I needed to
have car
yeah um so I'm kind of still on the
fence I'm like why did we're number one
why is definitely need coffees 12 it's
not like he has like a 40-hour job
everything a everything yeah what does
it espresso I'm there and it can get
hype I think I think it's like taking
pre-workout before you go to class crazy
it is kind of crazy but then I also feel
like kids tastebuds are completely
different than that of an adult so
adults I think because our pellets kind
of just been worn and fucking abused and
used yeah for so many years that your
taste buds kind of behavior you're more
inclined to like more of a bitter taste
yeah
so that's why people that are older tend
to turn to dark chocolate yeah it's more
bitter yeah um so I think as a young as
a young kid you want shit that's really
fruity or really sweet yeah so I don't
think you'll go for like an espresso
like like yeah you might go for the frat
but it's not for the sake of the coffee
flavor but it's just because the
combination of the coffee with the milk
and whatever I stuck that Alice that
tastes kind of fall I mean yeah but I
guess what I'm talking about is that's
the call the farmers Bernie sighs what's
a mama in a bit but you know what I'm
saying I guess what I'm talking about is
the caffeine content so besides the
sweet but you know that means we're
gonna do that all right I never thought
about that way yeah so then is it the
caffeine that you're worried about or
what what is it yeah my no that's right
see that's why it's good to have a
discussion so are we gonna count the
amount of milligrams of caffeine you can
have it yeah yeah cuz that's what it
sounds like you're saying damn that's
true because kids love called I've been
drinking coffee since I was a kid
that means I've been having caffeine yep
I even think of it like even had more
caffeine than you would in coffee
because of like you wouldn't get like
people by like six cans of them or
something yeah I only know about
caffeine because I we really just
didn't have it for like nine months yeah
damn so it became like real what
actually contained like what has my
caffeine and doesn't like you're on the
cat people like new phenomena Kathy but
it goes like even chocolate as Kathy
like if there's so many things that have
caffeine that were completely unaware of
that like by competing or formula you've
been treating Kevin no one is so
freaking Jill so I got the steak and
eggs and we got a little shoestring
fries or something Canada bowl of fruit
stay healthy yeah that's my excuse and
then my french toast mm-hmm I went to
see her well is just called the Dutch
oven or the Dutch baby damn nothing is
bubbly
welcome Olli I think came out fresh
smells buttery smells like calm what's
that being that you get with the thing
on top you don't know he looked at me
like I'm crazy you know talking about on
the top there's that thing that you can
get and a half ago a crust on top and
you got a pop and poke it in and goes
into sight inside oh yeah yes if way
that's not so good thank you mister
Tycho's even to you right now we set up
this little bottle he's all tricks of
the trade that grandma taught Heidi
awesome
yeah there's little tricks of the trade
and he's able to support that bottle
sometimes he's it fast enough where you
can even hold it with one hand right now
so he's slowly getting to the point
holds both hands but this is a little
trick of the trade that grandma taught
us and it's awesome but this trick of
the trade you can only do
when someone's watching when you're here
yeah
we don't like I never ever want you guys
to do this and then walk away cuz in the
control and it's the worst shit ever you
know who do it does that by themselves
by themselves TIFF she has a protein
shaker in the bed and she's drinking it
she knocks I just spilled all over the
place
how's it oh now you're gonna love it
Oh hiya uncle aunty he's tired ah he
drank her some milk earlier and that
knocks him out pretty good I just drinks
like four ounces but she drinks it like
every two hours yeah oh yeah he was like
this he where he waved his hand like
this but he's also 2 months he's also 2
months older it's awesome they got
built-in gloves
for sure she has your eyes yeah a
thousand percent yeah yeah yeah he's
like who the hell is that Wow
which is a blogger hey don't forget to
like subscribe next video click here is
the professional yeah so drawn to the
camera maybe there's something in the
sensor because sometimes Tyco looks in
here too really yeah
is there something in there let me see
maybe you can only tell it baby eyes
like you right now your eyes the trippy
part
the trippy part is they start changing
cuz take a look one way and they started
changing there are two months apart
though posing like I was also really
delicate with tyka the first month or
two cuz new boys have a certain feel at
the third month they feel sturdier yeah
yeah took home yeah I'll slow did you
drive I was so scared when I was driving
home I drove speed limit and I never do
that yeah but it's not too much she can
turn her head already
David told me was gonna get me here at
11 and that's what 11:45 just rolled up
late as David 9:30 I paced at 11:30 hard
skin with ten minutes late
she just went to sleep right now yeah
she does the watch can I give myself a
tour this your house bro got you kid
this is her room yeah but there's a
bunch of crap everywhere don't worry
that's a nice room yeah oh it was
already painted beforehand
nice it's a nice color well what's the
other room
Oh with the dimmer - yeah there's a
big-ass dude was nice you like sports or
not these are small showers oh stop it's
a nice shower yeah I'll tell you need
you want to see the backyard
yeah it's huge ah it's nice that's the
top of it that's the size baby you need
me are you ready for Mary oh are you
ready for a child that size to come
through your vagina and your tattoo so
you're gonna your vagina being
obliterated
he's happy fucking dumb from
look at you you're so cute oh oh are you
guys what this is a Tommee Tippee have
you seen this no what is that so what
you do is this thermos you put hot water
in there yeah hot water yeah hot water
will come out of here or in there yeah
and then you put the baby bottle in
there to warm it Oh warmer
that's dog do you want slippers no cuz
walk rapper I just scrub my fever okay
hey damn that's a nice pour dude oh this
is a good-sized backyard this is what
our dogs need not yet okay
actually no he did this first day this
is a nice backyard man it's really nice
cool it poised yeah that's tight it
feels peaceful out here you chill out
here often not quite yet
yeah oh yeah true my weights over there
okay nice a little gym yeah is the hot
tub heated all the time
no well we can are do you heat it up
like 24 hours before or something no oh
that's it yeah I like that thing right
there little snake yeah oh so like
people could splash around or for a baby
dan that's comfy did yeah that's nice
jump don't jump that's awesome
nice house man don't make us look bad
so we not a one
he knows how to say El Nino right now
hey we got a menial an El repeater
sometimes this sounds off though yeah
he's attending goes
is this what you should shave this head
so it can grow up oh really oh shit
I thought that was for trouble families
taco looks like a Davis sighs baby yeah
Fitz David real good Cheney for Davey
comes out bottom all right so here we
are going on a little hike with tyka and
I got it I have to show you guys how
cute is this guy so there's gonna be
some Sun because it is in the middle of
the day I think it's afternoon so it's
probably I forgot it's like 1 or 2 right
now
so there is some slight Sun so of course
I gotta protect my babies don't
and of course which other better way to
do it then the cutest way possible and
then up ahead we got the Papa oh yeah
and the bill like you can fold it up or
down of course because we got a swag
them out it's gotta have it up it says
milky but yeah here's the Papa this
actually the first time that we're all
coming with the baby which is really
cool so this is first time going on a
hike I'm trying to block the Sun from
hitting his face so I got to keep my arm
here until we get there but there we go
yeah though this is the first time I've
ever gone to hike with him strapped on
me like this but I must say not a
sponsored post but I'm using the
ERGObaby
her go whatever error error whatever I
don't even know how to pronounce it but
how much it's a girl baby that's what
I'm using and oh you scared me I thought
I was something crazy
yeah it looks great really beautiful I
love so I'll get back to the ERGObaby
but I love these types of houses in the
daytime but let's talk about ninth time
I ain't about it I am NOT about it I'm
scared because there's no because
there's no right
I need my lap pollution I'm an LA girl
I'm all about light pollution because
then I could see if there's little
creepy crawlers and ghostly goes bad oh
shit that house is beautiful
that is beautiful all right well what I
was saying for all my curious people
about baby carriers I highly recommend
the Ergo Baby it's very comfortable very
easy to put on
I have two other ones I won't name them
just because I can't remember to be
honest and they were just such a bitch
to use I was like what the hell I got it
like strap this thing and move this
thing and change this studying and then
there's another study with this one it's
literally the studying of his legs which
are these and it's a button it's like
three different size settings and then
you wrap this around your waist
and you just cinch it the end but
everybody boom and you don't feel
anything like it feels like I'm not
carrying anything right now this was
like 15 pounds so let me tell you how it
ended up once I'm done here and I'll
tell you for if I was in any sort of
pain or anything but about to start
climbing down so this is so hilarious
because literally like I don't even know
if it's an eighth of a mile into this
hike into this beautiful nature area
with mountains and fresh air Tiger got
hungry so now you got a feed oh good
thing we brought water and formula my
bro is on point she was like do you need
to bring that and other I don't think so
but then last minute like yeah probably
just in case and good thing that came in
handy because he was crying up a storm
he's gonna attract all the bears and
coyotes to come eat you a little hungry
baby bikini so we're just taking a
little rest break walking walking rest
break with these guys right here
and once we're done I'll get the show
back on the road so we're finally able
to get the show on the road
and Margaret looks so cute Aika look at
her
hiking around crossing streams and stuff
you come over here mama you come over
here I want to show you an action by
going on that way then looks so cute
Amazon mom baby tyka is you having a
good time
this is some fresh ass air for him good
boy look at all the mountains and all
the smells and stuff huh
that's CUNY you ready to go on an
adventure mr. tyka he's dead all right
let's go impatient huh sorry we kept you
guys cooped up for too long I think my
favorite thing about this hike is how
much this guy's taken in the world
he's are staring at trees rocks bud sky
look uni boy is in the wilderness or
interesting mister yeah what a cutie boy
how does it feel high key with the minor
chest oh it's easy the only thing I'm
like so I'm not a newbie hiker yes to me
like I can just run and like just skip
rocks with other thought any balance
issues or anything just cuz I've done it
so much yeah
but because I have him in front of me
there's the weight distributions a
little bit different I'm taking it super
easy where you're taking more of like
this go full type of trail trails and
I'm thinking more of the beginner ones
just because I want to make sure I don't
like trip on anything yeah which is
being responsible mommy yes let's go
are you taking a break mister well let's
go alright so we just got home and I
know I said doesn't I like the whoa I'm
gonna be my face oh I like the or go
baby
and I absolutely
oh dude it was so awesome these are the
buttons I was talking about how it's
really easy to adjust so there's a
button here button here and then one
more depending on the size of your baby
so for newborns I assume that you bring
it in a little bit more sorry you bring
it out a little bit more and then for
bigger babies you bring it in a little
bit more and then here there's like a
little you open this up and it's a flap
to cover their head I'm assuming from
the Sun and then that's literally it the
rest of the stuff you just adjust here
and it's pretty easy we've all seen
these on our backpacks so it's not a
foreign thing you just snap it and then
this is for your waist which is already
attached you just put it on your waist
better being about a boom bum and then
you just for extra security you hook it
here dumb lazy and it felt so good
there's another one that we use it was
this cheap e wine I think I was like
Chico or something and papi I got that
for himself and it hurts like the small
of my back so this thing was awesome and
even feel like I had to hike on me so I
love it thumbs up but yeah where you
just post me get some food cuz um it's
already cold out and we're tired we've
been out all day so we're just gonna get
food delivered and yeah we're gonna just
spend the rest of our weekend just
chillin fine
just join the Christmas trees not on it
feels so weird walking in and the
Christmas trees not on nice picture good
job it looks like we're in the middle of
like freaking of nowhere yone over I
know
hey but real quick though you know he's
there right now socks I just realized
what one of them is the bottom the other
ones the top huh they're not the same
mm-hmm oh nevermind I'm stupid you
always doing right not what he's looking
at that reflection in the Sun and
looking at me really
yeah okay pretty eyeball yeah smart all
right guys it is fun time just kidding I
have fun eats you guys want to virtually
pet her
hi fine hide fine do they smell funny
did he smell funny good girl
know what I was really gonna say it it's
almost 11 p.m. the pup-pups had a really
nice time they've all been so chill they
haven't even played once I give you your
medicine so let me forget it okay Ricky
don't let me forget got it thanks
all right meatloaf it's time to say good
night till everyone good night oh good
boy oh oh yeah so are you smelling her
but that's weird that's weird I was
recording what the hell anyway
Oh what the call you take us meatloaf
meatloaf hey meatloaf damn it no love
anyways guys took a shower we did some
family bonding outside of what you guys
saw I have a really cute video that I
either me bar or Tyco will be posting on
Instagram and it's basically him
laughing and it's really cute because I
haven't heard him chuckle like this and
so it's one of those firsts for me at
least I can't wait to share with you
guys but besides that thank you guys so
much for sharing our day with us and we
will see you guys tomorrow bye bye good
night
