what's up guys today is one of the rare
days where I wear my glasses outside of
the house but I have to because this
weekend I'm getting um this IRA fracked
event or something so they need my
cornea swelling to go down for at least
two days so they can get accurate
measurements
what is your corneas well um I just
think like when you wear contacts that
you have it on her eyeball for such a
long time thing it well it dries it out
so it dries it out and your eye gets a
little bit irritated and it sort of kind
of like swells up a little bit oh shit
my eyes yeah I'm good spirits dry yeah I
already don't produce enough tears do
actually so I always especially when I'm
tired it's even
I feel like tickling I literally have to
be like Paul fuck I need to take them
out my eyes are going to freeze yeah I
agree
contactors that make that worse and
because of that they want my eye
swelling to go down so they can take
accurate measurements but I can tell
that it's going to be a rough day
because my depth perception is off - my
vision is negative 10 or negative ten
point five actually and so everything
that's not in the focal area of the
glasses everything seems kind of blurry
and I really get that coke-bottle tunnel
vision effect and everything outside of
the glasses frames forget about it and
my spatial awareness is already off
today I was walking outside of the
bathroom and this never happens and I
bumped my beloved watch into the side of
the wall I'm like fuck but I looked at
there's always white chips all over the
place I'm like oh no this watch is
expensive as a motherfucker and then I
wiped it off and thank goodness this
watch is indestructible
well not indestructible but the cool
thing about Rolexes is there are at
least their work series they're actually
meant for work so the dive watches the
the GMT like they're austere perpetual
is the first watch on Mount Everest the
oh it's the perpetual isn't first watch
ever to be waterproof so we have all
kinds of materials on here I think
people just wear it as it looks fucking
dope as a motherfucker but the actual
purpose of a Rolex is a work watch and
divers weird and they scratch against
coral all the time and that that happens
I'm really happy that my watch didn't
freakin disintegrate when I smashed into
the wall cuz I move out of fast bead
usually to like I don't just lollygaggin
stroll I move with a purpose and because
of that if I do smash it to anything it
usually it causes some force or I get a
bruise
we doing my
just filling in my eyebrows put the fill
the men looked your aren't our eyebrows
freaka thick super thick but then like
these areas they don't have as much hair
as the rest of it so it looks uneven at
least to me no I like to just spruce it
up a little bit I liked it when they
proposed Lucy Moore / I just said what
I'm gonna do
well it being so big meaning because
you're just I'm a jerk I think if you
can I help you today
I can I have an egg white delight and
uhm a sausage burrito and how many
copies read oh um yeah two please
okay
you my ideas what a quick light me order
no is gonna be an egg white to light
meal boys juice with an orange juice and
another eight quite delight and an
additional egg white delight sorry ah so
that's to a great delight meal - sausage
meat um can add a an iced latte no sugar
no cream nothing
um and an additional orange juice
okay okay perfect
so it's going to be a 1-mile chi1 orange
juice egg white I like combo and egg
white buy sell and Gabriel it'll be two
egg whites by itself
yeah yeah there you go
Philippine 1998 thanks well bear yeah
do you love me he's gorge on the Moto
he's the new guy
and orange trees into burrito yes right
la bear no am i meet you well bear yeah
do you love me
duh you're so cute
sure you only say that when I'm pissed
at you you're pissed at me yeah what am
i a bully just pick on me all the time
you call it cutie that's how far with
you I never pick on you ma bear I never
pick on you hi three the licensee
burritos in Asheville yeah okay
you know I don't pick on you does he do
how will you call flirting that's picky
I never flirted a mulberry beautiful
okay protect me today my eyes I can't
see shit
you have to be my eyeballs today okay my
bad are you grumpy eyes your grumpy
eyebrows promise paintball kiss towards
the camera oh you're so weird why I got
another yeah just good yeah I don't know
everything feels good oh well then
that's be to you and I'm not gonna do it
it's the camera I'm blow kiss to me then
no come on my bad oh well you just give
me a wink
so another thing then fine dick hello a
long time no see hello said bringing the
90s back with the overalls oh shoot I
forgot how to dance service where you
going away why cuz I'm gonna enjoy my
blown-out haha oh yeah hey loadout
alright again that moves came back God
helps me out this one guy tell you
something and you don't think I'm a
pervert cuz I don't do it anymore
what I'm nervous what in junior high
when all the girls weren't smart enough
to wear overalls and the wear boxers
underneath I used to like it when I can
see the underwear I still like to see
that underwear yeah the overalls go out
like like this yeah and then yeah you
can see down the side I think always ya
know this part no no the sides this yeah
oh because girls did it were like
overall good short Sandra mainly like
overalls with yeah yeah yeah you know
what the problem about being a pervert
is everything no no the stirrer here's
the problem when you're a pervert people
think you're perfect but you're just
being honest cuz all guys have the same
thoughts it's just a perverts are the
ones that are voicing it no the perfect
one that executes it that's why no that
other guys are thinking the same thing
too
oh did you use cream hair without
voicing it though like your eyes
yeah give pervy eyes that's just all
guys I think I just shouted your dreams
a guy not being yeah even like Prince
Charming in the movies
that guy's a straight perv yeah they
just they just don't show accurate just
depiction of him like yeah he's goes
over there and then opens the door and
brings a rose and reads a poem doing it
yeah in the back of his mind is like I'm
a bang this chick at the end of the
movie but they never show that what do
you think happens in the credits why
didn't the question so long before we
fell I'm asked a couple questions all
right you waited till the last no cuz I
got inspired I got inspired fine am I
asking you you know hi hey Megan would
you rather would you rather have a high
IQ and be broke or would you rather be a
fucking idiot and be ballin it really is
a question don't fucking idiot
Jordan I'd you as fuck more happy as
fuck no no no are but that is she is she
is she an idiot a rich idiot that can
manage her money but then she could be
rich for like a week and then now she's
an idiot that's broke okay let me put it
this way put it this way right no put it
this way you're a fucking idiot like
your IQ is like have you watched making
a murderer yeah you're the you're the
cousin you're the nephew yeah brand
Brendan Dassey okay so you're Brendan
Dassey but you have a ten million dollar
trust fund that spits out like I don't
know like a hundred grand or or a
million a year so you can't fuck it up
because every every month you get a new
allowance oh could I buy an education
yeah but you're a idiot you're pregnant
but I'm completely different birth I
think you can go to you can get educated
but you'll come out stupid still so
would you rather I would be smart cuz
I'll just make my
no buts mum if they're smart enough well
uh uh there's so many educated people in
the world that are broke as fuck
that's true I create things that are
better than money
like what what's better than money in
the academic academics if you were
supposed to be really super smart but
they don't have self-control being smart
doesn't mean to have self-control of
discipline or motivation to go out there
and do things with themselves that's
true my dad my dad works out uh I used
to work out a casino as a dealer and
then there's these two guys with PhDs
that came in and this is Jeremiah
economic recession they couldn't find a
job my dad started laughing at him it
was like you have a PhD and you want to
work here at anything go to high school
and then uh the casino actually rejected
them for being overqualified oh gosh
wait what and they're really smart they
have a PhD so in your scenario if you're
an idiot but super rich do you have
discipline yeah now we got like oh you
know what doesn't really matter cuz
you're a trust-fund baby so you don't
have to yeah you can all can hit it all
day you can do cocaine non-stop and then
you can just get more money at the end
of the month yeah I'll be an idiot all
day I mean it's not too far from are you
right now yeah yeah I don't I just want
to be here from the start now whether
you're poor rich if you're fucking idiot
it's all good yeah yeah all good
ignorance is bliss I'm trying to have a
more balanced diet and I've realized I
haven't been eating enough fruits and
vegetables but I actually hate fruits
well I don't hate fruits but like I want
to be able to eat fruits and vegetables
and its raw form because I think that's
are supposed to eat it and when you cook
it I think it destroys a lot of the
nutrients but one step at a time
if I'm not going to be able to buy
fruits and actually eat them I'm going
to start off with some of these guys and
hopefully eventually I'll catch on and
eat a bunch of fruits because
friends they have fruits at home and
they eat it like it's delicious and I
wish that could be me
are you a fruit eater my bear no I'm a
candy eater and it's the worst I know
when I'm craving Cantonese Paul because
my body's craving fruit whatever and I
know when I eat fruit I feel really good
and I'm like oh I should do this more
often but then when I'm down the candy
aisle I'm like oh okay so but what if
you have a baby baby I eat less candy
yeah I think when I have a baby it's no
longer about myself
it's just I'm gonna be way more aware
and and more conscious of what I'm
consuming are you gonna stop smoking
yellow baby smokey
yeah smoke I'm just kidding oh so you're
gonna stop eating candy then when you
have a baby and you're just gonna eat
whatever the baby wants like grill em
all and lala's and stuff no I want to
make sure I give them like all the
nutrients diet cuz grill them all it's
ok once in a while but an excess of it's
like very unhealthy but hamburger is
part of one of the food groups that you
need to eat hamburger specifically I
know it's cheeseburger protein fine oh
you got a small dick who has a small
dick huh the guy with the Senate bill
today oh how did he send you a dick
change you've missed the screen does
anybody Georgia said do you kiss the
screen when you get a dick pic you
imagine you get a dick pic you're like
what's going on over there Bruce Lee oh
we've got Megan a nigga delight this
morning and she's not eating up until
now and I just see her unwrapping it
from the corner of my eye she's
unwrapping it and she's about to take a
huge bite and in my head I like know
this girl better not be eating an egg
white delight oh I looked over it like
you would a microwave
there's genius you guys you you know
what's cool about Julia cutting her hair
you didn't hear anything about the story
can anything no I did I did
why I already talked to Julia about this
but a lot of girls they always go why
the fuck do guys always complain about
their not getting a haircut every week
and now I think Julia experienced what a
guy experienced because four guys once
you get a haircut it only lasts about a
week or two before you like while the
fuck does my hair look like shit and
when you have long hair you don't
realize that like Megan probably gets a
haircut once every 12 years but for
Julia like her hair looks ridiculous now
compared to compared to how look like
the first day it looked really good when
she got it just stop just stop
no I was coming up very offensive Julia
tell me your hair looks good I think my
hair looks horrible right oh my right
now what see if I still like the shape
of it it wasn't like the Lynx Loki but
don't you don't you have the urge of
like I gotta get a haircut to get it
reshaped yes see which I will be doing
your call especially in a vlog you rude
bad nose what do you talk about yeah she
told me I'm the only honest one here
everyone's like in their minds know
everyone in their minds like damn Julie
your hair looks like shit but I'm the
one that said it
she's not asking for your opinion
because she obviously knows what are the
looks crappy No
so she's like if she doesn't come up in
this room I like you wouldn't think
about my hair it's like you need to keep
your two cents to yourself rude bastard
no but we're homies like that we grew up
on the same block you did block 79 where
the players dwell no no not even right
I feel like bar only picks on the girls
that he knows that can take care yeah
which is all three I don't think you'd
pick on me because she's not close with
you yeah but once it become close i'ma
pick on you like crazy ah I thought you
know
you made it in the boys club the more
the more insulted you feel around a guy
you know they care about you
yeah so once I start talking shit you're
like damn bar really cares about me now
yeah once he starts insulting you that's
real love
that's the same with d-trix do you think
it makes fun of everybody though even
when you just meet him that's how close
he feels with the world
d-trix is a loving ass motherfucker oh
he's so positive he makes me want to be
a better person
yeah too easy faster cuz you were
claiming how you're so romantic romantic
is a motherfucker you're not magic see
and then I was asking I was asking Megan
if Eden is romantic with her he has been
together for like a minute now yeah and
she said he is and I'm like what's the
most romantic thing that he's ever done
okay well pressure II now I don't know
there's like trips and stuff but that's
all nice but I think like the most like
we take our girlfriends on trips all the
time
Sam's log I was really nice before but
YouTube you to she's really seen now
she's like we're never nice oh you are
never nice childhood story yeah people
for no reason one childhood story
backing somebody in like vajayjay for no
you shut up arrived groups week okay but
I did there can you make anyway what did
he do
okay so one time I was on a job I think
in Arizona Tucson wherever that is like
eight hours took um toxin and uh I was
doing like some dance performance and we
weren't together at the time and he
drove oh that doesn't count I think if
you're not together they're trying to
get with you yeah romantic is after you
guys are together and they still do
something for you are you dating but we
weren't like this is us does that's okay
no cuz know trying to get you still
trying to seal the deal yeah
I'm already like we were together no one
else was around it was like we're
together but we weren't like baby would
already seal the deal and be romantic if
they're trying to get what you it's
gotta be when they're sick and out of
your shit all you can do after the fight
and you're like Elena's help or calling
them fat every time and then if he's
still romantic to you
that man deserves unlimited blowjobs
true and a trophy now I got it I got
think there's probably a lot but I got
to think what's what's yours girl I
don't have any I don't matter to you
every fucking day every fucking damn
romantic so I'm like hey what are we
gonna hang out like we never hang out we
see each other every day right yeah when
are we gonna just hang out I don't get
that you guys see each other every day
but you want to hang out thank you see
don't make no sense that got me dramatic
like us happening today music but we
just we have a day every fucking day
look we just had any I'm like Justin
we're in the same room like in separate
rooms does it be for fun to date we have
a day called JK news every Thursday
we sit at the same table okay Friday
Saturday Sunday that's a date we sit at
the same table and we share snacks at
the beginning when we were like when we
first got together we were super in love
because now we just hate each other but
they were super in love I used to work
at a bank and he disguised himself as
like a delivery guy oh but he was see a
toilet romantic as a motherfucker
only that's this is the only story I
have those no it is everyday but go on
you wore this disguise right any more
like these aviator glasses this red wig
make red like your hair with I had he
wore like what like a like a mechanic's
jumpsuit and he walks into a bank so
it's already like dialer yeah
and he's like he like gets everyone's
attention right so he comes in he's like
excuse me and people mediator like oh
shit we're about to get jacked for sure
and then he's like is like he has like
Western accent for some reason he's like
oh this is like repellent s is giovanna
whatever there are here and I'm like oh
fuck like oh my god and then he just
comes in E like delivers flowers to mean
that people's are clapping but I'm like
dude you could have been shot oh my god
I risked my life for you you ungrateful
bitch and you still complaining oh shut
up Joe still I'm romantic all goofy
we've been together for seven years
and guess what and guess what I still
put the blankets on you when you're cold
that's so nice
that's really nice you were calling last
night I put the blankets on your ass
pull them off no I did it in this
morning I hugged even your breath stank
your red magic Oh see you just let oh my
god shut up you out of with so much face
with you
I can feel my face when I love you honey
OOP have money get rich he was trying to
make the cat eat it oh he's like you
made it you eat it eat this Hershey
Kisses what is it poop in the hallway do
you
