good morning woke up sneezing my head
off I'm not usually a squeezer so I know
what that means I don't think I'm
anything
someone's la la so everyone has left see
everyone's gone fallen and pretty I've
been using their steps killing it didn't
go chop it they're not back here and
brig E is freaking out
where's fun so fun hasn't been feeling
too well
so we have to take her to the vet this
morning and we didn't bring fawn up
rickie with us so pretty is just going
bananas running all over the house
sniffing everything searching every room
to see if she could find her sister fawn
ha tricksters you miss her she's your
friend yeah so she's look at her what
you looking for what you're looking for
she's looking for fun she's like what
the hell
where did my sister go because they're
always together they're inseparable
so since uh whoa whoa whoa so many texts
yes and so we didn't anything both of
them to the vet there's no point take
them both to the vet so uh you're
looking outside the window for your
sister she'll be back but I have to go
to the gym now
this guy I'm sorry
ya have to get on with my characters
stop it baby I'm sorry baby
I'm sorry Oh you miss her so much
oh so much okay see you in a bit since
we're getting a new office and barbells
gonna partake in that office um I don't
want to do with this room so this room
is kind of like the filming room and
then this room is like storage dining
room table it's pretty big but once this
is gone we don't use that for anything
so we'll need to figure out what to do
with these rooms and we also have this
guest room that
Nadeem use to sleep in but now sona
deemed room used to be here but now he
moved to this one I don't know why
there's two different doors they're like
completely different yeah
he's occupying the other one there was a
leak in here so that's what this is all
about but he still has his stuff here
yeah I don't know why my shoes are still
in there but yeah I need to figure out
what to do with this room too
cuz it's just extra space that's going
to waste if you use dirty clothes dirty
as the Dean yeah
well dirty ass us actually cuz we have
all this storage stuff that we haven't
moved to the garage but we need to know
I got the girls Riggi
she knows her name funny hop on it and I
am just paying a parking ticket but yeah
with people there bit of yellow paper
and I have all this smell from my old
house where I used to live just even the
mail for me so I have to kind of sort
through all that and have this need
but excuse me
that's kind of what I'm doing right now
taking a close yeah
do something and then kind of like stand
up and just drop your pants or something
okay so kind of just like randomly start
all right so all that madness is done
back home and fun smells all those dogs
that you guys just saw me what is it
what do you smell one nicer heard you
pardon it was just one time you smell
them on me huh she's like what is this
other dog smell I smell on you oh my
goodness holy crap you guys don't own
dogs this is what they do when they
smell another dog on you they just sniff
and they sniff and they said but I don't
know what they're sniffing like are they
like oh yeah I recognize that smell
that's Sophie and she lives out in uh
out in LA like what do you smell
Suhana team stands by fucking around
sure you're working sure I'm hopeful I
just realized that I was doing so I'm
talking to him from I'm actually this
far is zoomed in but I'm talking into
the camera like I look like a really big
weirdo I was just at Joe's house and we
were shooting the series with him and
the dogs were all over me so now my dogs
smell them go sniff sniff yes you bitch
they're so hyper though they're so hyper
like they just played the whole time oh
my fuck
and Maddy just wanted to keep licking my
face she like throws herself on you so
she kept knocking me over
ah pretty girl that's funny you called
fawn but the other guy your little you
little cock blocker oh my gosh she's
dead
we've killed her funster oh no she's
behind Oh funny
oh no she's done and while that's
happening look what I have to do over
here
good girl fawn fawn how to go to the vet
today like I mentioned to you guys in
the morning and she got all these tests
done on her because she's been pooping
the blood that's the other thing I like
about fine not that she poops the blood
but that she doesn't like your face
oh yeah I thought of that one have fun
all right well I'm just waiting on Bart
he went to the spa because uh he's been
abusing his body with this new program
that he's running and he's really really
freaking exhausted and he's super sore
um and he doesn't want to be super
exhausted and he doesn't want to be
super sore so he went and he soaked his
store tired body some steaming hot water
and sauna it up and now he's on his way
back with some food
juhi nuts nice very nice
all right so I was just talking to the
team about that little snippet of
footage that you guys just saw that we
were shooting with Joe and I was telling
him that in one of the one of the
lifestyle pieces that I was shooting
with him that Joe gets naked pretty much
is in his boxers Jessica Tommy are in
the room too so calm your tits but you
get to his boxers goes over to his what
was it called gun rack gun safe gun safe
yeah he goes into his gun safe gets a
gun out and he bought like this little
attached I don't know what it is like a
little laser for it boresight okay so
it's called a boar sight he got that he
he's again in his boxers puts a holster
on puts that thing in the put the gun in
the holster and he starts shooting at
this laser thing was it called target Oh
a target yes we start shooting at a
target but it's um so it's the laser
activates it and then it tells you like
how many you hit in a minute and like
the rage and like the cluster if even it
so it's like rates you or something
um and I'm like yeah he's fucking crazy
and then were you saying you guys are
filming that for camera for JK but yeah
knowing Joe that's exactly whatever he
did on camera was what he does on normal
basis dude he's fucking crazy like
whatever you guys see about Joe's life
like none of it is exaggerated or
fabricated and it's not like when we
action it's not like you
turns it on like bard and I were super
antisocial over really quiet people
I don't know would you say whatever they
like yeah yeah but then when it comes
camera time they were like hey what's up
and we're super loud and we do all this
stuff not to say that we're fake but
just to say that we we amplify it a
little bit more than normal but for Joe
I think he has to tone it down yeah
Oh who's Jasmin
see jasmine jazzy Pooh
he's gonna say hi you're so pretty oh my
god why what happened where were you
talking too much
I'm gonna see you sounded like Jasmine
from Aladdin
oh I'll take that sound like you know oh
my god this is gonna I'm gonna end the
vlog now that she's weird
you know who yes Daniel M Bailey
oh well no I didn't even know she was
going no I don't know she's normally but
cuz he keep calling her he she usually
likes people I don't know why with you
she's just good no no she's really shy
with me people
she'd never ghost in you people she
doesn't even go to like anyone else
that's here no she was super abused yeah
and then we rescued her and I'm trying
to seem like a cool story if you just
got home no it's pretty cool yeah well
shuffled again from the self is dull but
rescuing the dog it's even better
I know I've broken
six perfecting your hair she's like I
don't know I was setting up the booth
today I didn't oh you didn't do anything
a lot of time are you guys doing the
whole like but it's head-to-head now
what we can so is it for girls two times
body weight yeah February guys I'll go
and just do one rep oh oh yeah cuz I
weigh 200 pounds yeah yeah that's why I
made that face then I was like wait am I
so he said that and I was just like ah
like how rude but then she kept going
I'm like and then I did I think of
everything I'm like we did did I fuck up
cuz that deem doesn't have any cats
this is here wait what did you just show
me here doesn't
okay yeah you did oh yeah are you the
bouncing doughnuts oh I think I hear
Papa Bear coming see what happened
he's never get scared
ah did I get soda you did I'm sorry I
haven't even been on my phone I've been
vlogging I was telling oh I was telling
the deme house at Joe's house you know
Joe's fucking crazy right so in this
segment of his video he shows how it's
me time and me time consists of him just
being in his boxers putting on a holster
getting his gun out of the gun safe
putting that putting the laser da thing
and then shooting at his target and then
um yeah so I played with it and I suck
and I want to get you one cuz it's
really fun so that's we were talking
about and then the team was talking
about how Joe doesn't matter if the
cameras on or off that's exactly how he
is like he doesn't put on a show like if
anything Joe has to tone it down yeah
yeah and then Jasmine came and then I
scared her she almost peed her pants
you sound so mellow oh ho you little
princess fine you big you're they break
Ricky has a cutest little lower lip it's
because he your lower lip yeah stupid
but you're so cute you're so cute coming
through with the food food would you get
baby I got the beef with the neon
vegetable I know why are they they're
not noon anymore
oh that's neon number four the yellow
one wait you don't have a yellow one
where's the yellow one I don't know
alright Lisa beanie on yeah they were
and then I got a beef bowl with a bunch
of ginger because I love ginger and
surprising that part isn't really like
ginger why don't you like about it
if Everett pops out so much to me oh my
god I feel like it's perfect
oh that's what a weird dish they need to
put that neon back
today's funny it just tastes like boiled
vegetables how does something taste
funny
I think they're trying to be like um
flame boiler with life just though well
it's kind of my vegetable gotcha but
before when they had that neon it isn't
one they need to bring the neon bag
hashtag bring the neon back how to open
this what the hell there's like no
perforation how am I supposed to open
this I'll figure it out he was trying to
make the cat eat it oh he's like you
made it you eat it eat this Hershey
Kisses but is it poop in the hallway do
you
