but uh beautiful people today has been
kind of a early start for me just
finished shooting at Tommy and Joe's
house we're shooting something for Jake
eight films for you guys with Tommy's so
it's gonna be a lot of fun I can't
really say too much because I want to
surprise you guys but now that's robbed
and I am at the back of the Bob
appliqu√©d so you guys can hear all the
weights dropping or not I'm already in
my gear look at that nice leaves on
shoes on I'm like the Smurfs today with
the red hoodie but it's all good I don't
care how I look just as long as up
comfortable while they train so whatever
dude all right so I'm gonna wrap up my
workout and I'm gonna go meet Casey so
we can fill with Casey so this is my
Monday already it's fun now so no one
ever answers that question
I know and I always come out do ya I
just ask you see if I can vlog I'm like
do you mind if I blog he goes sure why
actually went sure I was like always so
you do mind but look at his cutting
skills god damn try it try it if your
minitor you got ten fingers just try it
dude look at this kitchen setup it's so
cute what's the cooking show do you do
oh and I like I want that too cooking
video so far but I mean the catalog
should grow hopefully this year should
but yeah I merrily do a lot of barbecue
stuff that's all I have so far but
eventually I'm gonna start venturing on
to do more Chinese stuff and I kind of
started doing a time cooking too
I really like giving the time through to
so it's gonna be a mishmash of
everything eventually tight where can
they where can they watch these real -
Oh in case that's right no her name is
so strong in our in our name it's like I
just think it's her channel my channel
yeah
what is this troll doing here it is
birthday on Tuesday yeah smart always
think do you even know who he is you
just kissed me doesn't even know who the
hell you are no he says I don't remember
you don't know pictures he said I don't
remember what are you doing in I'll just
talk about the camera Oh
singing okay what up man every leader
thank you happy new the cat to eat it
how come you want the cat to eat it so
you should be eating it right yeah cuz
it's out of his butt yep good call
what are you doing you're good it's your
practice yep
it's your job that's how you pay the
bills he was trying to make the cat eat
it oh he's like you made it you eat it
eat this Hershey Kisses what is it poop
in the hallway do you do you poop in the
hallway only your cat does it what is
that
it's from Jeb you get from Japan yeah I
got this one with Thor in this wood from
our team nice what do you show me your
Xbox boys and girls no uno okay Todd
tell me about it when did you get it how
did you get it how do you like it I got
it on my birthday January 12 2006 and
how did you get it because I got it
because I was really good
it's like a fur accordion they got you
that yet that handsome man and the
beautiful mother got it for you like I
heard you and then what after that I
like it very much
oh cool like the labels that you got
yesterday yeah nice smart okay I see you
oh you're gonna show me okay
okay oh right you were telling me that
yesterday like that yeah but you could
still see what's going on yeah fatso all
right so I'm finally home it's about
6:00 at night I believe um no one's home
I'm all by myself here and the dogs are
outside but can you see that right there
so I bought these bitches my Pippa
bitches a little high I know I know so I
bought them um what is this a little
like stub it she's mad at me
a little nut oh my god like hey I'm so
tired I can't even think of this word I
bought them this what is it cold I hate
when that happens we're going with you
are you running with that's cute
anyway um so I've over AMP dang that's
what it's big about the ramp so I bought
them this ramp so that they can climb in
and out of the inside of the mid-size to
the backyard
god damnit fine look at Burt you clean
big QT um haven't properly trained them
so they're completely afraid of this
ramp but if they only knew that it was
for freedom so this is a backyard and
you really can't see them but they're
playing that's the bargain that you hear
we're just running around in the
backyard and I think you can faintly see
it never see if I cannot make it work
here
so that's them back there playing around
like little like little weasels oh my
goodness okay
well anyway so I haven't properly
trained them so they're deathly afraid
of it but if they only knew that all it
takes is this cute need a little ramp
they've come here as you can see it's
really dirty because we let them jump in
and out as they please and then they
have their little stairs here where they
can go in and out but I just got this
like maybe two days ago and I've yet to
have any time to teach them how to get
on and off it and I think what I'm gonna
do I'm gonna train them with positive
reinforcement because like any social
creature we don't learn via negative
reinforcement so I can't beat them and
expect them to do it
well yes I can but mentally it'd be all
fucked up for them they'd be very
fearful they would have zero confidence
to be the worst scenario ever so I will
never ever beat my pets so what I'm
thinking of doing is getting meat of
some sort like chicken or I got to see
what we have in the fridge chicken or or
beef or something and let them get on
top of the ramp I'll pet them and I'll
tell me that they're doing a good job
just to kind of get them comfortable to
this ramp and then I'll just keep
conditioning them that way like hey look
at this it's actually quite pleasant and
I feel like in a maybe like a week or so
they'll get really comfortable with it
be running in and out at their own will
unfortunately the way the house is
structured I can't put it off your door
because it does not lead there I don't
have a door that leads to the backyard
so I feel like this is the best
compromise where they can come and go as
they please they have complete freedom
and we don't have to like keep
monitoring them like oh man it's been
four hours it's cool let's let's make
sure that they pee or whatever so we get
freed up of that task and they are
completely free to go in and out about
their business and they don't have to
wait on us and we don't have to wait on
them and everyone's happy the only thing
that sucks though is that I can't have a
screen on my window and it's wintertime
for us right now and it's really dark
outside
and mosquitos and stuff they love and
they're so attracted to the light so
that's the only sucky part about it but
fortunately for us we don't have
mosquitos or any weird unwanted insects
knock on wood but it doesn't happen but
yeah I guess that's the only downside
and the fact that there's dirt here all
the time but we get our house cleaned
anyway so it's not that big of a deal
but yeah I'm gonna try to train them and
let me see how it goes first before I
record and they show you guys because I
really want to focus on them and make
sure that I get them comfortable before
I can show you guys and hold the camera
and talk to you guys and not really pay
attention to them so I want to give them
100% attention and then maybe once I've
trained them you guys can see how my
progress what army I might not even be
able to do it I'm not completely sucking
about that I don't know
hire some help so that they can teach me
how to train whatever I want them to do
anything
were you at oh she's gonna pounce on her
pounce on her I know it cute babies make
sure everyone's doing the job make sure
everybody's having a good time taking
care of people that's dope dude I'm
really proud of you man what part of you
did this is an exciting time
