hey what's up guys just finished taking
a shower cuz I came back from the gym
and you know I want to take a shower I
get all hot and stuff so I'm air drying
right now so I look all wet no it's not
raining it's actually very very sunny
outside and had a really good workout
today although it's funny that I haven't
dried the area between my balls in my
legs
so it's just wet and it's kind of sticky
even though I'm clean so underneath the
camera if you can see but I'm just kind
of just uh drying my balls it's probably
inappropriate to show right back here
I'm far away this one I'm doing I'm just
kind of driving the area between my
balls and my legs all my guys can relate
that it does get sticky down there and
oh yeah I got my four outfits ready for
today's shoot and how I know about this
is cuz they send me a call sheet so in
traditional Hollywood before every shoot
day or even multiple days before they
send you out a call sheet and the
culture will tell you the time to show
up because different cast members or
guests how different time to show up
they'll tell you where the nearest
hospital is sunrise sunset just cuz
everybody got to know how much daylight
you have in the wardrobe to bring and
all kinds of other information and
everyone's contact number in case you
have to contact the producer the ad or
whatever but for us since we shoot
everything in-house we have a call text
and I get that from Sean and on my phone
and so as you can see mine it says bring
four different outfits and please eat
before you arrive no breaks today
because we're going ham so I got my four
outfits and I even prepped and I got
McDonald's of course right after the gym
just so cuz like where Bardo Brigade is
this is McDonald's pretty close to it
and it's just convenient for me to go to
drive-thru pick up the food and although
the food does get kind of lukewarm by
the time I eat it it saves time
so our shoot days I ain't trying to be a
no fancy bitch I just got to put the
food in my system but I am kind of fancy
in this regard which is you guys know
how like I love coke with
ice like I just gotta have that ice
ice-cold refreshment so I did get coke
with extra ice but I put that
motherfucker in the freezer cuz I don't
want that shit in the car and then
melting and then tasting like watery
coke but if you look closely that's my
car in the front I don't if you can see
but you probably can't see but on the
passenger side there is a bag of
McDonald's oh my god I didn't even make
my protein shake today good thing I
showed you guys about my freakin cocoa
extra ice cuz
I've been trying to make it a thing
where I drink protein at least once a
day because what I realized is like
although I train are if I don't feed my
body with the protein that it needs I
start feeling soft so I gotta hit my
protein requirements and I'm trying to
put in like 2 to 250 grams of protein E
and I'm really fat right now a day so
got this bad boy in I'm actually almost
out of protein quit oh I just ordered
some more protein yesterday one of my
favorite brands is the slingshot protein
even though he's my friend Marcel but uh
what his website this protein is fucking
bomb and I think he knows it's valuable
screamingly sends me like a bag at a
time I just kill it but here are the
nutrition facts zero grams of fat from
imaginet and calories only 130 grams of
calories 130 grams of calories with 30
grams of protein per serving so this is
amazing I'm already done
so no felonies if you watched my blocks
in another one because I don't want to
be like a freaking uh where they calls
freeloaders where you're always begging
for free shit all the time
nothing I got those friends I don't
always like do it click it son like you
just start a t-shirt Co because your
free t-shirt you're like dude how about
being a friend and supporting me in by
like 10 I've never bought that so I
don't want to be a freeloader cuz I have
one of those guys Melvin yo Marquess any
more protein Oh shake this motherfucker
and then open it it's really frothy and
then I gotta gotta take my multivitamin
this is the thing I honestly believe I
think this is like one of the most
important things that people don't take
which is the multivitamin and I don't
even think it matters what plan I just
buy like the cheapest highest rated one
online but I think this is so important
especially if you're busy and you're
training hard like the busier you are
the more stress your body takes right
and the more stress your body takes your
immunity your immune system goes down
and especially if you're trained hard
that's another stressor so there's good
stressors and bad stressors but your
body responds to it the same way and so
if you have all these stressors on your
body and then now your travel or you
stay up late if you want to party with
your friends or immune system just goes
down it's easy for you to get sick and
if you get sick boom you're done you're
less productive and with my busy a
schedule I can't even afford to get sick
so I take my multivitamins this
motherfucker got five hundred percent
the daily value of vitamin C and this is
the reason why I have five hundred
percent of the you eight don't you just
need one hundred well it's because if
you're a busiest fuck and putting your
body through mad stress maybe you do
need five times an out of a normal
person and I know for sure I do is my
schedules hella hectic I train harder
than the motherfucker I travel I'm
meeting people all the time
people got looking cuy that they're
spreading on me and shit I need this
respite of an Al has a weird shit they
got like grape extract Apple powders
just I feel like everything and I'm
missing in my diet fills in the blank
pop through these motherfucking pills
right here yeah sale right here
motherfucker right here what the fuck
did shoot my here mo as you can tell
from a high-energy I had a really good
workout I had a close grip bench a 395
at the top so I'm really close to 400
it was 315 double band Reds from my
pallet some people out there if you
don't have that empowerment
about just know that I'm getting
stronger very happy about that
even though it looks I'm getting fatter
I am getting strong okay don't laugh at
me
so what time is it fuck fucking oven
time it's always wrong the oven time
over there if the I can see probably can
go too far back it is 3:30 4:00 I don't
know why the fuss the oven time I was
wrong but it's easy to wash your protein
shake don't let your protein shake is
pile up in the dishes because it smells
like shit all you got to do these
protein shakers are meant to be shook
that's why the name is protein shaker
I'll rinse it out a couple times
shake that motherfucker and then pour it
out rinse again boom less than 30
seconds
smells like bland motherfucking you
motherfucker
wipe my mouth because I got protein
residue get a little bit of this paper
towel run my mouth cuz if this camera
was it up I would just take this towel
off and wet my mouth but I can't be
showing you guys my hairy ass so now I
get ready I'm already a half air-dried I
feel nice and cool gotta put on some
clothes John my hair and oh yeah
pause real quick so a really really cool
fan I did two paintings for us one was
Tyson which I'll show you a little bit
to another room and I think you know we
showed you guys but the other one is
brown for Jo and she's super talented
and when I saw that picture of Tyson I
just almost cried I'm like oh what a
beautiful depiction of this guy look at
this guy
Tyson what a great depiction of him so
beautiful I love it I know time to fuck
around
yeah I'm saying what time is this what
time is it let's see let's see let's do
the ci12 20 I got to be about 12:45 I
got 25 minutes so I should leave the
house in like five motherfucking minutes
can I do it I believe I can met my goal
I'm in the car at 12:25 and I'm bending
my head back like this because my hair
is still wet and I don't want it to dry
falling in my face I think it's cuz I
have a small
Moorehead so my hair it always wants to
come down but my forehead was bigger I
think I'll just be able to stay back
more and I have really thick hair so
yeah so I got to do this but I also got
my vans skates on because if you saw the
call text it's going to be messy so I
want to mess up my good shoes and also
got my sweat shorts on my Nike flea
sweat shorts because I already wore
these for three days
Shh not back-to-back of course I wear
sporadically so people think I'm
changing clothes but I try to be really
efficient with laundry where I don't
want to wear like seven pounds a week I
wear maybe two or three and I just
change them and it looks like I'm
wearing different pants every day but
I'm only one of those three so when I do
my laundry I don't have to wash that
many clothes yes I am Chinese to the
bone brought out my frozen coke
motherfucker now it's time to bump some
motherfucking Mariah Carey and then go
to the office what y'all know about this
song uh-huh what why oh man no ride yeah
ain't no hiding from this head I'm real
rule you know how we do it you never
system just keep it poppin ain't no
stopping Oh
hoppin as we drop in keep it poppin
ain't no stopping whoa
I grew up in the 90s and all of our
music was about cruise music like that
was to pop more and G and you just felt
like a thug it was just like boom just
lean back and you're like fucking
motherfucker ain't no motherfucking
thinkers but but the music changed now
it's all papi and shit and man I was at
the gym and someone was bumping this
song and I was our fuck I forgot about
that song I stopped mad CDs by throwing
CDs away cuz no one uses them anymore
so I downloaded my bump that imma imma
bump it today cuz it's a sunny day and
it feels good and on a sunny day day
ain't nothing wrong when I'm off like an
ice cube and what's that connect connect
gonna gank in a game beeping banging
Mariah Carey motherfuckin look what's so
funny so there's plenty of parking over
here next to me NGO but job a chance
good up so you could double Park in here
and I park perfectly you did you did hey
Joe a fan uh gave you a painting of
brown oh shit Thanks who's there from
it's uh her IG handles really long I
forgot it but it's awesome though look
at that one inch away Sam Sam's wog that
skills right there but look at a squad
though that's pretty tight ZM vlog hello
hi everyone
I just I just called white nipples
always hard cuz I'm just fuckin horny
all the time what are you talking about
I just got reacquainted one of my
favorite songs ever huh the Westside
Connection with Mariah Carey Mariah
Carey I know it goes ain't no pop
ain't no stop is no soda pop it foe hop
it s drop it ain't no puppet ain't no
stop
is that right fuck it well it's a sample
so was a sample off of Ice Cube song but
then when Mariah and Westside can again
connect GABP Bay when they got on it
she's saying that part what up so sore
oh yeah a songs tide is 15 GHD sit-ups
Oh for real I have the soccer team we
killed it she'll finish the workout
that's ty I'm proud of you guys you guys
gonna kill it in five weeks
you guys won't get strong don't you miss
like the 90s like hip hop it's like
cruise music yeah I wanna see o it o is
that brown or something else
where's the brown paint I was here Brown
painting I gotta open it they did a good
job on on Tyson they killed it you gonna
open it that all down eyes sharp dude
yeah it's former what the hell a little
puppy on their desk mm-hmm
oh that's what Brown 201 made that they
may I know this person yeah she's really
good she does like oil paintings yeah
wanna see it looks good looks really
good
sounds like no that's pictures is from -
I found such an awesome angle this is a
this is why I took a picture of him when
we went hiking together and he was
looking up into the sky it's not the
easiest way to open it look shit that I
scatter all okay okay okay
hope shit damn that's a nice painting
that's really good yeah there's like so
much emotion in it
Brown no brown this is so Brown it's
also detailed - yeah this is our best
fans in the world
thank you Selena Selena Gomez the fan oh
you always say I'm late for JK party but
you'll face muhfucka I said 90 percent
of the time this is the small 10% that
you're on time
sure gene already are we done with this
conversation about being late
yeah yeah yeah no idea here that's why
you're like no no no no we can't talk
about being there if there's a
conversation no no no no we weren't even
oh I already told you we can't talk
about that we're finished we finished
conversation we finished conversation
finish conversation that's that's what
the that's not the closing yeah I knew
you guys were with us at the close of
conversation you can't bring it back up
objection objection your honor
what's your objection what's your call
time objection
five right objection your honor 44 and
right after this club shit objection
sustained sustained objection
can I go get no sustained substandard
I'm fine I feel I feel it definitely
game are we playing
we're going right into song staff as I
was scared it's kind of like a telephone
but with pictures and words did we play
this before we have that's true sounds
familiar
this house remember oh we didn't oh
that's the most recent that's true mics
are you guys ready
you know it's cute guys ready to rock
and roll or what what the fatter you get
the more you're playing Oh guys really
tie your shoes you're wearing
Lucy Lucy you thought I roll er but I
don't guess I got kids this is fucking
sick art yeah that's what a kid would do
what I would do guess what you're
supposed to wear the right on the left
and the left on the right guitar is like
Isaac oh no he hasn't but maybe in the
movie that the Bruce Lee style but it
looked like the Bruce Lee won dad type
genus in Tennessee
yeah Thank You les all right ready all
right so we're all in teams all you know
what team you're on
okay one two more right here you're the
key members here you guys have two
minutes to get the spatula throw it into
the other person's mouth what it has to
fall in here right so you have two
minutes yes only one minute mark you
guys can stay like you know what you
suck but you have to wait a minute after
one minute more you could be like you
suck swap and you guys could swap
positions okay all right
um at the end of every team going the
team that has the most pretty wins Oh
spit bucket drawn on them Oh winning
team
Oh God you know you have a win I go got
a short hair that means one person's
trolling it now other ones catching it
in the mud all right it is black but
that's fine too Oh creeps are never goes
flat black let's go put yeah but it has
come from your mouth yeah that's the car
yeah Oh
Oh your elbow can't go for this is like
beer pong your elbow elbow can't get
past the table hmm yeah oh yeah there
you go
good that's it so again at the what's up
two minutes total okay at the one minute
mark you could be like all right you're
not doing a good job and then you guys
can swap are they gonna say what a
mobile focus on one minute mark and then
that's when you can decide a swap or you
can see the same this is all strategy
one is not enough that's per team okay
yeah damn baby
I am pressing a picture my freaking feet
are getting stuck to the child you guys
ready
I don't need no motherfucker oh good
what are we taking a picture for we look
like old-school kung fu PG clothes
I do E's or Shawn paddy would fall
halfway down you put your shirt on
really nice funny Martin alright guys
you know why I'm outside fucking naked
cuz we had the craziest challenge right
now and I smell like a fucking garbage
can in my head because I had jalapeno
juice sriracha mayonnaise all kinds of
shit dumped on me and I'm butt-naked and
the fucking jalapeno juice is I'm a dick
and let me show you guys what we did in
here this is the freaking battle so if
it gets on me look at Joe's hair my back
look at that shit my eyes what the fuck
is this look at the ingredients we had
to use we have fucking jalapeno juice
freaking sriracha vinegar vinegar
horseradish the shit can you burn them
what they plan this shit is freaking
crazy look at TIFF just freakin powder
on her hair because of who
Joe you you poured powder on me I did it
I know it with you it really makes your
eyes pop out
does it smell good in here away oh yeah
oh my god I smell so bad on this side it
smells like a fucking dumpster huh I
mean having the stool oh man did you
take a shower babe you did I didn't go
home first cuz my shits fucked up my I'm
gonna go home my scalp is burning yeah
I'll wash it for you no Mike I have shit
on my dick okay well that's a different
story
so I move just go home and shower look
at my underwears wet I jalapeno juice on
my dick burns no oh okay well whatever
you want I can wash you that's what no I
need to go home are we going to eat or
something I have no appetite after
having all that meaning and I'm hungry
okay oh let me check up on these guys
how's everything going in here fuck dude
are you clean now no I don't worry what
about you Julius oh are you ugly I
haven't even cleaned it yeah mom is
coming here I'm just gonna go in the
shower
ya know how every report all dirty and
shit I have two more meetings I have to
shower up two more meetings i got
shootas this table
all right where to shoot at at the house
oh you just shower me yeah yeah I'm with
up to more meetings but I'm gonna go
shower
better why you have two meetings one big
one oh babe why not yeah one of them is
poor looks like a feet in your pants I
know I have jalapeno juice on my day so
far no so I gotta shower quickly yeah
I'll do my ankle all you just need like
a wet pad right here
oh yeah fucking man you pissed your
pants why do you have a trash bag on the
head so I don't want this shit leaking
on the pillow you look like a homeless
feral yeah I'm gonna take a shower the
seat look at this homeless feral fuck
damn why are you so red
why is your neck so red well vinegar
burns your body does it I never knew
that now you know holy shit I don't want
all my web all right so I'm in the
Porsche
and even though I'm naked my underwear
still has jalapeno juice sriracha mayo
cat food and all kinds of other nasty
shit in it then I feel like it's gonna
stay in the leather so what I'm gonna do
now is I might as well just fucking
Drive butt-naked I'm gonna take off my
underwear and hopefully no cops pull me
over and be like what the fuck are you
doing cuz uh this is this is my
underwear right here I hope no one pulls
me over all right you'll be funny I'm
like dry and there's like a big-ass
lifted truck and he can look down and
see me naked but I'm gonna go home now
oh I gotta take a shot I still got music
so got two more meetings to do and I
still gotta eat I'm hungry as fuck now
even though it's weird it's like I want
to throw up because it smells like a
fresh dumpster but I'm also hungry so
here comes a difficult part
I'm butt-naked and I still got to get in
my house so and my car smells so I'm
gonna roll the windows down and to air
it out awesome Geo left the front door
open for me cuz I told I'm gonna come
running in I'm gonna just throw my
underwear out the window and I should
probably put on shoes something right
all my butt stuck to the leather
hopefully you guys can't see my dick
over here but I'm gonna put uh I gotta
put my shoes on so I don't run on gravel
this is gonna be the hard part where how
am I gonna run into my house butt naked
without people seeing me and people are
coming home at this time for this 5:30
and Jill probably get mad at me she
hates it but I do like public nudity I
don't do it often but um it does happen
sometimes just cuz I live a wild
lifestyle yes let me prep everything
let's uh let's open the trunk let's open
the trunk get everything prepped fuck
there's a car at the intersection so
we'll wait for the car to leave cool
let's time this out
we got this uh we're getting out of here
we're get out of this fucking trunk i'ma
get my backpack from the fuckin from the
fuckin car and just just to let you guys
know that I'm not fuckin around
I am completely butt-naked motherfucker
drama underwear that I threw out the
window a little car there's a fucking
car over
there's a fuckin car that's like it up
my butt crack Oh
oh shit
recorded say I'm sick oh hey so even
though my nose still smells like
sriracha I still want to throw up I'm
still hungry so I got food I got flame
broiler Angus beef with extra chicken
cuz I need my proteins but I do not want
that guy if I have this guy all of my
freakin hair and it's still in my nose
and I still smell it but I did get dr.
pepper to search it up though dr.
purpose delicious extra ice how do you
feel mama do you still feel like
freaking sore watch it out like crazy uh
well I have a burning it burns where the
sriracha was like it's very sensitive
near my eye
um and I could smell the cat food on me
especially my hands cuz I'll be driving
around and I just randomly want to throw
up cuz it smells like shit nobody told
you to do this if you were doing though
but you did extra like you spit the
flour water into the jalapeno jar and
then you put it on your head and then
you put sriracha on your own head when
that wasn't even your own thing that was
Jose and then you got Tiff's which was
mayo and you put that on your head -
well you already know how I play that's
why you sabotage me me yeah I told you
before like if we're gonna play poker
someone's fingers getting paper cut
that's just how I play
shit happens yeah that's I gotta watch
how we play you Fondy breeki you big
cutie
make sure everyone's doing the job yeah
make sure everybody's having a good time
taking care of people that's dope dude
I'm really proud of you man
what I am see see
yeah I'm proud of you dude this is
exciting time
