do ya hey Anthony Nikki natural hi
what's that
this is naturally talking about the
orange juice is natural okay
all natural how do you like your new
place new spots cool it's a kind of a
bitch put together why do this is so
boring what I mean that's the fun part
you like just the freaking like like
picking it flora that's fun figure out
what kind of paint color you want that's
cool that is fun get your mirrors and
how much and what's the cheap price
that's cool what do you got to do in
terms of like a panic door and and how
we're swinging to make sure you're 80
compliant that's kind of boring oh you
shot square feet based off your
occupancy in the street that your area
is so that you can only use gas room as
an accessory feature instead of like the
head like thing that's kind of like not
as fun you know what I mean like all the
law-abiding shit is the boring shit the
government fell off so way it is and
it's like I feel like I feel like two
situations could either happen for
compliancy issues right either one a
bunch of people fucked up and then so
they had to keep on like throwing on
these ran a little like amendments and
laws to make things so difficult for
people nowadays or to a bunch of rich as
dumb powerful greedy people that were
like the founding fathers of these
systems and stuff like that we're like
let's make some changes so it's easier
for us it's the former I think it's the
fist of poor fucking government official
motherfuckers that want to make more tax
money so the latter most of it from what
I heard is a former though you know it's
it's like the government gets sued and
they're like holy shit let's passing
more laws to protect the people out of
suit I mean uh prevent us from getting
sued pretty much like for example the a
da stuff there's like a bunch of
different types of a DA organizations
out there and then they just go around
to see if everything's eighty-eight
complain yeah like wheelchairs and Kevon
they're like I don't rap here and then
they sue you a class-action lawsuit and
they sit like a bunch of anonymous 88 um
associations out there that kind of
stuff right now in China it's one dance
we're gonna open up the spot get it
ready to stuff the good thing is you
know some powerful people so you have
that kind of buffer in front of you guys
that's why the Mafia we didn't have
anymore
oh no it did for a barbell Monterey Park
no cuz you think he knows us and I'm
saying oh like we couldn't do shit we
had to talk to someone else yeah we know
the same guy there already knows that's
what I'm saying
no need at us no oh you guys yeah I'm
looking for help guys fucking it's right
down right now yep right-handed higher
the mob and do it I'll hire them they'll
get the problem solved for you and then
they'll extort you and make your
business shut down but in the meantime
they'll solve the problem for you and
talk to any politician hey fuck that
bitch I will fucking murder that bitch
yeah I know like an interior designer my
ass fraud is more like it fraud designer
yeah don't trust anybody just because
they say they're professional
how did you know about that I call that
that I hit him up he's a fraud
no the saw that that weekend when I
showed up to the office I was like fuck
like if we gotta get some emergency
solutions up in here I just art hitting
up everyone anyone and so I know Anthony
has good taste no compliment and and
then so I was like okay who would he go
for like fashion designing or
construction and then also hit a fairway
from Wong foo cuz uh
based on some of their sets although
they're the set design looks good before
sex what we fell in love before sex you
guys are just losers
so we're married but it works
yes all Noether before sex right yeah
then Sammy with Rose ever appoint work
for example but also known her for like
three years before that not something
and then you found out she had a dick
okay would you suck if I if okay so I
fell in love with her then the one day
we're gonna get naked and do it and I
found out she had a dick yeah it's like
a small and she was not gonna be like a
huge deal it's not bigger than yours
doesn't make you feel like any type of
weird self-esteem she's got a dish you
know low voice everything else is like
she got some boobies and stuff like that
the shadow vagina yeah I have a dick
I got pull yeah yeah your hermaphrodite
you can't be fucking like your own
system but you're not just like I've
been I've been waiting for the love of
my life to like be Deanna suck my dick
that's a hard question because I think
now I would because I really really love
her as I'm saying but then in the
beginning
my name's ran away I might a bit I don't
know if I run away a pipe like can I
think about it so what if it's like a
growth developmental did it's like you
love it's just a vagina yeah you're
doing it shit like a couple years in the
marriage there's a dick start problem
yeah the I would ask her have you ever
thought about plastic surgery she's like
it's not in my culture of my religion to
alter if you could elements in my body
oh well I love it I'm comfortable with
it I love it now it's a part of me um so
plastic surgery - I probably like this
is weird but um
fuck it yeah I love her a lot
so do you that's that's kind of a magic
that you would suffer dude yeah I guess
so I guess I would suck a dick if you
had one thank you it's always easier to
say when they don't have one you know
when you're actually presented with it
then you're like oh shit dick would you
rather suck at chicks dig for a girly
dudes vagina like you would plug it it
depends I think it depends on how girly
does do this because if this dude is so
girly that he's hot we'd rather have sex
I wouldn't dude from Thailand who has
vagina so you don't know the dude who
would you rather sex with girls dick
who's a bangin Eskimo and you're like
friends either
oh sure this is really good so bangin
ass girl with like an 8-inch dick and
your friends and their friends or or a
Thai dude who waits girl eat sex change
you know Thai girls or guy girls
galliston they do a really good job yeah
they're like so they're banned right sex
with that I'll suck your friend Dan
chick stick
where are you asking about sucking are
you talking about just banging it sucked
a dick were you being too cheap
Oh bang the chick the chick dude you
being 100% yeah you being a dude over
secondly chicks do
of course what about you he's my partner
I never asked questions with a with an
answer in mind so you never thought
about it thoroughly yeah so you rather
put someone else on the glass first
friends dig or let's just make it easier
it's not even your friends just
strangers just strange but they're both
staying in their bowl yeah banging a hot
chick with the big-ass dick dang the
chick with the dick how do you do that
or psycho no suck the dick then she's
banging not my friend for sure I was
just being too deep but what if it is
your friend how good of friends are you
I don't name one of her actual friends
right now but a buddy I did right yeah I
said Julia had a dick you know it's I
see I think it's a cycle on the thing
because if I put anything in my mouth
like that yeah what that's for life it's
not a moment a dick suck it's like for
your whole life you'll know what that
feels like have a dick insert itself in
this orifice oh yeah you know nummies
yeah like a lot of speed u coz then
there's a psychological like oh dang
I'll put my dick in a dude who look like
a girl but then you're kind of like you
kind of like validate your so and be
like I didn't know slash like it's not
like I was you know penetrated yeah I
penetrated so I think you're more okay
with that yeah this is like your
penetrate yeah Julia let's say you had a
big-ass dick okay do you feel like you'd
be closer we're with another let's okay
do you think you would be closer if
Anthony sucked your dick or sucked on
your nipples my clothes are thing like
the intimate yeah or like just closer
friends like like
yeah you feelin it be closer really as
friends well as friends if I sucked your
dick
yeah
no no let's say as relationship wise
romantic friends though ah what do you
think this is going really really bad
really fast
no no cuz I'm just thinking of that
because you know for girls normally it's
like if you give someone like your
vagina or you give someone your boobs
then it's like okay now we're vulnerable
with each other but then girls don't
usually think about having a dick tables
turn you eat her out or you suck your
dick which one would you rather do oh
hey Julia like um I don't wanna see you
might know which was such a dick oh I
like Julia I'm oh I'm a killer what I
wanted fit we said wish would she rather
eat you out or suck your dick
what because it's above like you you're
using your mouth to pleasure the other
person no but it's different though
because once a dick I want a vagina
what's a dick and one's a vagina how are
you yeah yeah let me ask you a question
to tell them ask you a question you're a
girl right now yes I am do you think
what do you think is more makes you more
intimate with someone if someone sucked
on your nipples or if someone sucked
your dick if you had a dick let's say
you're a girl and you had a dick okay do
you think you would feel closer hugging
the dick really right cuz you don't see
that's weird because I think for me as a
guy if I had a bonus vagina right now I
would let anybody just lick it cuz it's
not part of my identity it's just bonus
you know what I mean that's why that's
why I like from a guy's perspective I
feel like you
and you it would still be more
vulnerable to just let anyone suck your
nipples but then the I mean yeah it'd be
more vulnerable to let someone suck your
nipples and you're not you're more
intimate that way than the dick is dick
is like a bonus part it's like here you
lift my finger anybody close my finger
no it's still saying dick is more
private for you even though you're a
girl yeah why is that because um because
of down here which is next to my vagina
which is also very private so then if
they would be in this area sucking me
off it would also be very near your
vagina vagina
but what if okay what if you you get to
keep her pants on and just have to open
the fly nerd it comes out so your vagina
is still very protected and Abajo like I
think I would still say penis really
because there's nipples too like anybody
can suck in nipples I think I can let
anybody suck my name yeah see that's how
guys think that's why I'm asking you
these questions because I feel like the
wait guys perceive things it's way
different than how girls perceive it
well have you our nipples are sacred
yeah so if you would ask me would you
rather have someone look at your nipples
or look at your vagina I would say look
at my nemesis yeah so that's that's my
thought process is the whole penis thing
too so if you had if you had a dick you
would rather have it's easier to let
someone look at your nipples then look
at your dick yeah what even though the
drew a bonus parts cuz it has her cuz if
I was a girl there you see wonderful so
many times cuz if I was a girl I would
rather I mean if I wasn't if I'm Who I
am right now and I had a vagina I'd
rather I could show my vagina off
anytime it's not part of my identity yet
identity I just got like getting boobs
like I feel like my boobs are artificial
now so I could just show it off with no
shame because if elected right it's
bonus punch right yeah yeah I feel like
it's nothing but if it was natural boobs
I was way more censored yeah see this is
a view hey yeah look are you woke up
yeah China if I woke up with the vagina
am i connected to it like if I touch a
seal or media
China he's tall eNOS he's got a fuck
himself
yeah imma curl my dick downwards and
then I'm bonus he's gonna doubt this
another question yeah curled that thing
I know he's gonna do it you just lost
your dick you just got up listen kitty
then I'd probably turn into a slut oh
dang
damn we're getting that I should for
sure all let's roll it's a hot chick
like when um yes so all you bark hands
out there thank you guys for salt Bart
roasted me so hard that I feel like
every day I walk out in fear no way and
fear of the next person and when
somebody comes up I'm not even thinking
like dang you might be into dancing I'm
like shit you're a fucking shadow
reflection of Bart no way I mean I've
been waiting I've been I've been
scheming in my mind I was like once it
next time I'm gonna get a chance to
publicly defend myself and get back in
the in the JK a new seat in Canada to
just be like yo let me make a State of
the Union address right to what you
fucks out there I think it's hella funny
to come out to me and be like show but
you guys didn't even win you know all
the fools that are watching just that
episode that you finally said that
there's a lot more that didn't see it I
know so I got to come back and save
every like four or five like but there's
also all the Instagram posts all the
other felonies leave like he knows that
he said that I don't like there's like
hella photos on my Instagram where it
would be like a fucking sentimental real
moment that I'm like thinking Oh Fred
for something right and like six seven
comments down it's just like put you
guys in even window fucking crying like
- mark and it's just like what do you
like fun part and the problem would be
with me at least my tolerance will be
alright with it but then some people
like the people posted in those photos
would be like what does this mean my
foot it wise are sliding over to the
recipe
and I'm like you know money yeah because
nobody else gets it and it's like this
is special don't ask little trolls out
there yeah fucking do it
see guys that's fucked up what we do in
here it's me and Anthony me and Anthony
we're really good friends so I could
talk all kinds of shit oh thank you so
we can talk all kinds of shit to each
other because it stays within each other
and we have that relationship and when
you guys just randomly go on comments
and start and you don't even know him
and he said I'm personally saying in the
comments it can be hurtful because it's
like what type of rapport have you guys
established so you guys should cut that
out I mean you know I hate that shit
they'll do it to me what up things David
and I'm fuck about or talk about what
you guys are fucking about how does he
fuck around but then the boos out the
block yeah and I'm like what the fuck I
don't even know your shit
damn my bear being killed it already
okay I was so good we're hungry big
balance of life like the temperature was
perfect it's very creamy
it's very garlicky and then it's salty
it's a perfect balance of all of that do
you think Obama or Dino's bomb cuz
you're hungry I don't know I don't know
I'd have to come back again and then
I'll be able to add Spanish it's hard to
tell sometimes on I was pretty hungry I
got the spicy one with extra beef or not
beef extra meat extra egg same P as
Anthony who showed up on eating damn so
mean ever since he lost I know no no no
that's okay I already got it off my
chest all about it I'm um I'm like reset
recalibrated for at least another six
seven in sauce for next three months
am I welcome in your kindred studio can
just dojo you need to consult with the
other your party members honest
they know who you are really you know
the pain you and are you cause even
Quest Crew doesn't like you really I
thought they did they did a video with
us fuck right juice into your tank right
here first one this is a version take my
hand my generosity that's some
sustainable energy gonna go
so me and Anthony are sharing a moment
right now because this is the first time
that I'm pumping gas into the coma
and the first time that I'm pumping gas
instead of the coma Anthony is the one
that is literally forcing and
penetrating his fluids into my truck
so my truck is running on Anthony energy
I'm not gonna live kind of nothing is
kind of slow I'm just so fucking slow a
man I'm gonna be nervous because I can't
that how you usually perform just get
the camera out of here watch me dance
when it comes really slow Shh
watch I'll turn around and I'll bet what
is Jill doing all the over there what
are you doing over there you little
weasel all right so I turn back and it's
still moving slow oh yeah look no hands
you're a slow performer still having
automatic true true sensations I'm glad
I was able to share my first gas pumping
moment with you one day our kids are
gonna grow up and not gonna give a shit
about this about what sharing moments or
pumping gas
pumping gas give me one more for Gaza
thank you thank you so much
here on site at the process of building
the kynges dojo al 670 Monterey Pass
Road Suite number 200 shameless plug
shameless plug this is the spot
this modern Casa vagabond down says
Harriette we're gonna turn into our
retail before you go in please tell me
how excited you are about this place and
how much of a dream come true it is and
like how do you feel about this place
overall you know it's pretty easy I'm so
excited and when my parents came here
I even prepped my house I like dude my
parents are gonna see the dojo today
like I wasn't expecting much not like
they'd be like dude I'm so proud of you
but at the same time maybe a little bit
like Davis my son I wanted only son like
did something to get the spot when I
brought him here my mom was just judging
she's like Scorpio she picked boss you
have to save money we give you the
furniture and my dad was a little bit
more sense he was like kids came the
furniture
you want to design and style their way
maula you see money I was like that's
that Asian upbringing we're like
nothing's good enough I know they
couldn't just shed like one tear for you
and Dad yeah my dad's a sight
okay so do you get conditional you spy
without like there did you say like Thai
you know just fuck with me enjoy the
moment me or something you know yeah
yeah
Asian parents got down can you show us
some love
Oh smells like new painting oh did you
guys put these floors in everything he
knows our dances one near dude that's
fucking perfect already well you got a
graffiti artist in here no yeah we got a
few yards over now
oh it's big up here dude Mike song what
congratulations
this place is Thai did good hi hi I'm
Bart but dude this place is big dude
sorry so this is gonna be like the the
main floor yeah this is it
I'm gonna put up a wall over here this
would be like the dance floor hands kind
of you like our waiting area so to speak
was this floor already here now this
pillar we just put in okay it looks nice
yeah you're not gonna be you can put the
quarter rounder on it you know yeah yeah
yeah it's just like the basic line
what's back there that's the exit so to
speak we're gonna change that door out
probably I don't know right now is
slightly ghetto yeah I guess well I
won't divulge too much but we're gonna
put the mirrors up on this side so we're
like covering up those windows and
insulating them what now that's dope and
then over here is kind of an office
space it's awesome easy to keep it white
the paint on the wall yeah for this
phase yeah we're gonna wait until we get
the functional afterwards you can get a
little bit funky design it's me like
office space for like a production team
and ourselves to do like basic work this
we want to change the man cave
want to let this be our loud you want to
throw a TV on the wall put some like you
know l-shaped couch in here maybe a love
sex and Playstations the next box is
just to chill out but not just a play
and be lazy but to like get out of there
and get creative here whether we're
putting together staging concepts like
delivering you know to be pitches to
different clients and so they have a
stop the artist you know we can put
together here yeah why not put the
office in here and put the lounge over
there we don't want people out there to
see us kicking we want one there he is
working hard all right see see God you
guys thought that out that's does that
we'll pull the blinds out over children
but we want to be able to look out so to
make sure everyone's doing the job yeah
make sure everybody's having a good time
taking care of people that's dope dude
I'm really proud of you man what
I am yeah say yeah
I'm proud of you dude this is exciting
times fucking on me
it's fucking exciting times dude living
room to this that's fucking awesome this
is fucking awesome man let's work leave
industry hard all this much too
heartless you know so part of the squad
proud of everyone who helped us get here
once for the JK fam I think I wouldn't
have been as inspired as it was or
motivated or saw the potential that
regular nobodies could use something
amazing to him what do you guys think
about that yeah she's getting out of the
pain I know it's all like crazy
screaming what was asleep before cuz
they have this like I think what they
were trying to make it there's a health
and wellness center downstairs a
chiropractic acupuncture care when I
think you're doing trying to turn this
into the rehabilitation gym yeah so was
it like a gym gym but like they actually
was strong enough to be a gym pretty
much they had like the UM rubber tire
type flooring thing yeah yeah yeah yeah
that was that was down there and we came
in here and were like it was really
convenient that we had it but was just
like why is it here and they had
mentioned this manager said that they
were trying to make it a gym but we're
like a gym on the second floor like it
really makes sense then finally we met
the people downstairs the chiropractor
came up and said what's up to her she's
like yeah we were trying to turn this
into a rehabilitation gym to thing they
work out so you're walking for the
flooring is the bottom floor your guyses
- yeah are you guys gonna do it on there
retail showroom that's right now what
you wanted
uh-huh that's saying I put like cash
wrap down there I'm gonna feel like
shells on the walls have to display all
our merchandising all this stuff that
like people
and our partners and friends to
hopefully turn it into its own boutique
something like that's you know what I
highly recommend putting saving a wall
like maybe even downstairs for like your
big-ass logo then when people come and
visit like that's your marketing with it
it should always take a picture are you
giving them our barbell brigade secrets
no yeah
yeah because everyone always like Steve
a picture on that bar boardwalk we might
do that here is Eddie downstairs we
might even entertain throw the decal on
the floor so I mean I've seen rotten
also the class videos you'll always see
that friend yeah yeah I think for our
gym that was one of the biggest things
we we wanted to put a giant logo on the
back all week so no matter where you're
recording or taking a picture always
have a glimpse of where the fuck you're
yeah thank you you're welcome your
highness
- you're teaching them a new or you
doesn't know
oh hi this is just like you're behind us
you know the means your girlfriend
what uh I like her hair Isaac who comes
up for you every day
what you style it yourself you got
skills
