bully what my bully put really
embarrassing footage from them wouldn't
it be embarrassing footage every time
I'm pooping or I trying to sleep or
something
uh oh you just look so freaking CUNY
really yeah look in you in your sleeping
and on your poopy I don't wake up soon
right now I know I know
or when you die feel me my god what what
my bear
oh my god in watching making a murder
stop what some good stuff yeah I only
know what happened half of the last
episode I started fall asleep were you
wide awake you bikini I was like Popeye
cuz it was freakin ten o'clock what are
you doing I thought you liked jacking
off underneath there whoa whoa
I'll come have such a hard time opening
up eyes in the morning your eyes are
always closed
no they're just so big big eyes that's
why there should be easy to open then no
it's heavy cuz your eyes are smaller you
just go quick no my eyes are bigger my
eyes are smaller there's not much skin
no my eyes are smaller so they're like
little tight vaginas it's hard to open
up you have a big loose vagina eyes I
know it's all skin does open up no mind
just wait they're just heavy so why are
you getting something wrong I'm trying
to get a good picture picture yeah what
a beautiful face yeah right I was
picking on me nah I'm fine I love you
hi good morning
ha hey hey hey what's that hey what hey
hey hey hey what you trying to hey
illegal hey hey you is aa aa legal hey
hey chips are you HOT what know what uh
oh man you suck no you finally I still
sickly yeah you are huh dad lab a 300
year student for else
oh shit yeah it's a world record that
like some pretty good-looking pigs that
you're a lifetime PR oh no I mean just
for pause yeah slow desert Hashmi good
ha that's pretty good
are you proud yeah I'm really proud of
happy I'm proud of you too that is well
four or five minutes part sport funny
about time I know you would be more
happy uh four or five dude you could
probably squat like 600 soon yeah you
got to push yourself though honestly I
think if you really push yourself you
can pie do for 55 like force it to eight
really I've seen the way you move for -
yeah hello come on get up let's not eat
sub running from
now I got you
by
by
pi chose that I was glad but uh what are
you saying pause this five-second oh no
seconds but
No
louder oh I had a really good workout I
was able to hit 315 for two on a legit
five-second pause I had to be encounter
for me just to make sure I don't skip
out on the time and I'm really happy
with that and then afterwards I hit 320
on the bench for three sets of three so
I can't complain my bench is definitely
getting stronger and I just want to
point out that I have one true homie
with me and that's funny bear funny she
always keeps me company while I'm taking
a dump
bricky is the fake homie and she's
nowhere to be found
breaky oh there you are damned if I
believe me god damn it
funny the guys both of you guys gonna
leave me now I see your shadows is son
of a bitch today was interesting usually
uh when I drink coffee I take a dump
before I train but today I drank the
coffee and I didn't have to take a dump
before I trained oh no what it's because
yesterday I didn't eat that much I only
had a Panda Express
I got mad chicken and beef and broccoli
and that's the first meal I was so busy
and then after that and now I got
jack-in-the-box yeah I'll had two meals
oh don't wonder usually I have like at
least three meals snacks and my two
protein shakes so I think I have a ton
of shit on my bunny I gotta let it out
but and I have to let it out like right
before I train but today I was able to
get through training and then take the
dump now and uh oh interesting when you
eat more you know that's one thing I
noticed when I'm bulking and I'm eating
a shit ton I'll have like three shits a
day but then when I'm tracking I'm
trying to get lean and try to get cut
I'll have one Dookie a day and it's like
little rabbit pebbles it's like my body
is holding on to everything it can
and I pretty much have no waste products
but right now I have a ton of fucking
waste bonnie briga you guys I want to
keep me company Vani bear you little
cutie pie ricky-ricky is so cute with a
little pink nose huh
they're so cute bricky
you and you wanna lick me Thank You Fani
show me a lot of love thank you for
showing me a lot of love Fani
and break is resting her head on my leg
hey you're getting too close to frickin
the serpent of the sea a brig II that's
the anaconda that's only for your mom
that's what I used to stretch her mom
out every night it's called the giant
Chinese burrito doesn't want to hear
about that kind of stuff huh doesn't
seem like it fine you guys can go do
whatever you want go play or smell okay
yeah go play over there go through
something I'm ready
give me a second okay
how can outfit can I have three grilled
steak tacos yes and then can I also have
two double decker taco Supremes okay and
can I have a medium Pepsi with extra ice
okay and that'll be all
yes working can't be here with you sorry
McDonald's um but I'm trying to switch
it up today so I rolled through a Taco
Bell because I've been feeding for some
tacos and not that real shit I've been
feeding for that fake shit that Taco
Bell shit so uh that's what I'm gonna
get switch it up you know kind of switch
up my fast foods like I switch up my
protein sources oh here we do uh-huh yes
oh yes we a hot sauce please yes
thank you so much
thank you Oh extra ice baby bear baby
baby all has a trash can up dirt throw
my trash away finally
we're gonna trash
thank you so much have a great day gotta
wrap it up with scathing warm Oh more
trash that trash oh yeah let's trash for
sure
shit so every time I see a trash can I
either at the gas station or a fast-food
joint like this I try to take advantage
of it and throw out all the trash in my
car cuz like I said before I like
keeping my car Mac it's a red toe I try
to keep my car as clean as possible as
empty as possible I might have a few
things maybe like a knife or a tool here
and there but for the most part I like
keeping my car clean clean on my life
personalize it with like maybe a hair
band from geo or something like that but
most part try keeps it clean on me yeah
I mean this is what I like to see on JK
party days everything is nicely set up
no one is scrambling last minute to get
shit done because haste makes waste and
shit fucks up so good job on what the
hell are you doing
Roselle condenser
mm-hmm-hmm-hmm are you going to a
funeral
no I'm wearing but how come you always
wear so much black somewhere in this
color trying to match that chair next to
you but good job on having everyone set
up on time and not scrambling like
scrambling eggs scrambling Gavilan come
in a minimun them again and then see see
how chill it is in here when everything
is nicely prepared everyone's just
relaxed Zen Elson he's about to go to
sleep
he just fucking chilling about to knock
the fuck out shun off earlier
Sean's looking at porn and stuff and
Joe's looking at I don't know more
musical instruments to buy on Amazon
women
Tommy's eating McDonald's photos for
spur barbell what is this spicy chicken
dan you got a lot of food you can eat
all this live in really are you trying
gain weight really not really no I'm
just hungry
that is a lot of food though what's up
no I'm good what you should read better
yeah or even serious about your game a
french toast or even Sarah yelled at me
feels like oh good no you're not hitting
your numbers Brendan yeah hit your
numbers I don't believe in you dude just
gotta stuff yourself I know I'm having
been working out not cheating oh no it
was my first date besides last Wednesday
I skipped like five days in a row
oh no yeah cuz you're getting that that
getting it in that's a lot you got
you're doing cardio exercise that's
what's going on no no I know I you're
not going to you'd you've been getting
it in
yeah they did I do don't know who it is
but Brandon got game No welcome Josh the
meanest motherfucker on this planet I'm
really nice Yeah right
got it everyone everyone have your
attention every
duh so we played three different rounds
okay so to get the game started we're
all every single person who's gonna pick
eight cards from the stack face down you
don't know if you're gonna so you're
gonna pick eight cards what's so funny I
lost you Uncle Tom and Josh's me okay
let you know it's Josh's uncle uh we
don't know it's like it's a I just
imagining what if I had to do eating the
little awkward okay let's let's not
let's not get sidetracked attention to
each person grabs a card oh you guys are
gonna grab eight cards right you're
gonna look at your eight cards and
you're gonna pick your best five of
those eight cards okay you're only
picking five I'll brighten up when you
pick the five yet the three that you
guys discarded then it goes back into
this area how do we know which ones are
best five what are we base it off of the
eight that you picked I know the best
out of know the criteria nothing it's
just whatever cuz know the strategy I
think you're jumping ahead so hold on so
once you pick out of the five the best
five yeah the eight that you pick cuz
you're not like looking at them and then
picking eight you just randomly pick
eight out of those eight you get five
once we get the five we all put it in
one pile and those are the cards that I
play okay so my question still is how do
I pick the five do I pick like the ones
I'm most familiar with is that like
what's though yeah you can and I think I
think strategy wise you wouldn't want to
do that and then you would kind of want
to memorize your cards so that when it
is being played you already know what it
is god I only have knowledge of your
five cards guys cuz you're not gonna see
anyone else's cards so I guess that
would be your criteria to memorize cool
yes alright so the first round um it's
gonna go team by team so we'll draw
paper scissors that's made to marilla's
for something you guys go first so then
you would be the one giving the clues
but entire team participates to get
we have 66 our guesses many Eric
daughter by Dennis are you paying
attention
yes what did I say um you said that
Julia's hair looks like Dennis's hair
thank you that is part I'm welcome and I
was like everywhere is eyes like what my
hair and this is what it does I think
Ravel four stars named Tinkerbell
all right stop it part alright well what
I said was when baby are you listening
yeah okay so let's say your teen goes
yeah we go it's your turn we win that's
it you sit here okay you listening yo
sit here right here and you're the one
giving the clues so that your team could
guess right you can skip you just can't
use the words in that okay um even so I
can't say like okay so the boy who cried
wolf right let's see there's a boy so I
guess it is a boy from Germany who like
to cry you can't babe yeah I use like a
kid I can try a child a young child can
we characterize the leverage you can't
read the description got it you can but
I mean it's not very creative but you
can um so you have 60 seconds to have
your team guess as many of the cards as
possible you got it cool cool okay so
once we've finished these these cards
then we go to round 2 and now round two
we're still playing the same deck right
but now you can leave it as one word
well yeah oh so same jacket people know
which which which was that okay exactly
then you would take wolf little car walk
but I have to pick that word of all
right um but I love how you type doors
Oh
right so that's the second on and it
goes it plays the same way 60 seconds 60
seconds um once the whole deck is played
then we go to round 3 and round three is
just charades no words oh shit um once
so let's see my thing paper didn't get
the card correctly can I announce what
it was or would that be kind of no you
just skip it you just keep skipping up
until your time is up and then you're
assuming it well no are you listening
everything I want to test me I know
everything all right we'll see you at
the game time Rolly gives you like one
o'clock no I don't think rust me so does
everyone understand no like I don't
expect it to remember the rounds but all
I do expect is just get the eighth pick
your best five we put in the center
rock-paper-scissors that's gonna
determine who goes first 60 seconds 60
seconds up until their thing is done
already memorize everything easy okay
all right all right
did you keep the rock paper scissors
rock paper scissors rock paper scissors
rock paper scissors so we wrapped a JK
party and that was a really really fun
session because I did something that I
never did before which is also very very
funny
um I kissed Joe and the game that we
play let's call those a call uh to
thinner so Strether the truth or dare
and it's good to know you're human
Oh get to know humans yeah the the the
card holder is a cat or something right
yeah yeah so one of the dares was I had
to kiss the human in front of me on the
forehead like I had the cure of unicorn
tears and Joe sat in front of me and I
had to
kiss him on the forehead and had to kiss
him with commitment - so I was like how
did you like the kiss kiss that was like
the greatest moment of my life
especially because both of you guys are
my bosses so I love just getting parties
every time we do like this crazy shit
I'm like I'm like those are my bosses
right now like they're literally doing
that right now like it's amazing I'm
like I love my life I think I had more
fun actually
like it was weird for me but I know
between me and Joe he's more
uncomfortable with guy-on-guy contact
than I am I was funny to see how much he
resisted me I have to hold on to his a
battle-ax is he had to feel like a man
then after I kissed on me freaking babe
on the chair like 20 times
oh so funny
yeah so if you want to see that game but
just kidding party and the full game
will be on there and now I'm trying to
rush in a quick K beep section I'm in
session
before I get a haircut and then I have a
meeting way after still so uh I got even
talking I think I spent my whole mouth
assist yelling throughout the whole game
but you have to get a haircut and then
I'm meeting that night so I still have
an action-packed day the date is not
over
host JK party Korean barbecue time I got
to eat
thirty minutes to scarf food down I
still got to get my hair cut and Casey
and tip are filming for brand deal so I
don't want to interrupt the shot you
just get a view although we just gave me
the eyeball Brandon's talking his new
Heine trying to coordinate it's not a
coordinate ya mini highness
what do you mean highness your highness
doesn't know anything
Oh Highness is just like you're behind
us you know means your girlfriend what
uh I like her hair Isaac who comes up
for you every day what you style it
yourself
we got skills got skills on me
brisket big smart bear thanks for
cooking my bear
I looks delicious but they're all out
birth
Tong Tong is one of the my favorite
Korean barbecue nice I love
what depends on you want to tongue me
and if you want to tongue me in the deck
head I love that
another butthole you think its mouth
yeah no it does it no doesn't it smell
puny
back in the barber chair I haven't
gotten a haircut in a long time as you
can see I was like a half roll on the
side but Ben is gonna hook me up and
he's gonna make me look like a normal
person again and then finally Gio might
give me some action finally that'll look
so ugly
thanks Ben is today busy yeah creepy
baby really I've been standing all day
haven't stopped
but there's no holidays or anything no I
mean I know my brother's not working so
Oh where's your brother is he on
vacation even Asia like Vietnam oh cool
here's another drop of thing whoa yeah
he's doing my export import export is he
still gonna cut here he just gotta go
like once every month oh yeah he's a
hustler huh yeah two jobs makes a lot of
money yeah that's awesome right yeah
yeah that's true day that's right a yo
oh yeah oh yeah oh my god
once it's gonna be uh once it's Chinese
New Year is gonna be super busy huh oh
yeah yeah yeah people better come before
that I'm gonna be crazy
that's coming up soon well good thing if
I brother coming back on the 22nd okay
then you get some help yeah yeah you
gonna have my four days off Sunday to
Wednesday oh yeah how's your car doing
were you able to bit lazy I think I was
trying to make it run you know just need
something
exhaust installations my feel I think it
was kind of cold
you know the morning yeah kind of just
sitting on the block so it's just
sitting on Jack's pan okay is sitting on
jack stands for like a year
bullshit de barranca barbell tomorrow
the 370z right yeah it's uh nice I got
in 2013
yeah and it's been on Jack's death or
almost more than our driven call shit
it's just chilling in her garage yeah
day see I just gotta get it done it only
takes a couple hours and it should be
running you should be actually ever get
to do on tuned for tuning session and I
should be able experience like awesome
power
yeah it's gonna get just gonna get like
what 542 the graph what I'm Cody is a
turbo it's credible oh it down Freddie
that car is ready for like time attack
Wow oh can you cut it more straight up
yeah let's do that
yeah thank you that's pretty cool why
don't you just like take one Sunday -
till I fix everything
absolutely I was planning on working on
it attending my reign Doha I know that
doesn't matter you could just work on in
the garage
well that's the outside it's outside of
the door
oh that's but it's you know I can
probably get it done even at night yeah
it's just a quick job yeah yeah I just
didn't get around to it
happy go home we're like tired I just
want to chill yeah oh you should watch
making a murderer it's really good all
right yeah you tonight yeah back home
now and I have two meetings to wrap up
the night the first one is with barbell
brigade productions now we got that
homey bleep who we just saw Jake a party
but he also does barbell Brigade
productions we got a Nadeem the king of
fucking around with the cutest toes on
the planet and then we got Nelson you
got new guy but he's been doing a lot of
editing that's awesome and he has a
passion for fitness which is the most
important are you ready to meet all
right let's do it
I have one more meeting to go before I
call it a night and this is with the
barbell brigade gym committee and this
time Joe showed up which she usually
doesn't mean you made it did you want to
show up did you want to show up before
yeah is that uh too much conflict
scheduling conflict good now get some
free time and I'll be you know oh cool
oh yeah I gotta grab some candy before
we start I'm hungry
what is this milk chocolate macadamia
nuts
and water and once again
Nadeem fucking around all damn day
why are you wearing freaking baggy
tights
elsewise who the fuck where's baggy
tight suit I do it's a new size you're a
loser
yeah that's high in here huh a little
bit where did you guys get all these
please um so I feel a little bit ashamed
about these these were the first time no
one me and Jill got married I bought a
bunch of these for the JK news editors
and I forgot to give it to them so we
have talked about boxes and boxes
because each editor I think we have 8 to
10 editors each one I'm supposed to get
a whole box but I didn't give it to them
and then now it's January so it's like
four months later on the fuck'em is even
under me oh yeah Nia my gardeners I know
you guys are Savage all right so he
finished a meeting now and it's time to
relax and a deem is already way ahead of
me is Akina relaxing and sells now
giving a deal a massage I don't know
where like he's been working hard but we
all know Nadine never ever works hard
why are you why you should be gaming
everyone else a massage you're just
fucking around all day
Thank You massage crew hey I do it for
Varro yeah bogie protections you're
spoiling him by doing that you know what
he's hissing at me no he's not useful
see at you an hour ago when you scratch
boogie or when you scratch pulpitis you
get you back yeah sure this is it
tighter you owe me Phillip but not down
for anything
is it tire salt muscle ah allows no
precedent so the pressure point lady
does a doctor can see actual oh yeah she
just goes like this I'm not even on the
throw
you just just go like this like a good
what's this for minute I don't know she
just doesn't release a lot of tension
oh she was re-arrested you oh yeah I
should sell tickets huh
for them I hope you talk yeah my bucks
you should have your own fucking love
you lined up really they will go no mal
deut I'm Phil this sir this good lover
hey see maybe for our staff lady needs
it for drawing to put their name in
twice at OCC burnout hey what are we
doing this ah nuts to the framing oh no
oh yeah probably
oh yeah schedule that one guys will be
done I think we should have a meeting
because uh it's perfect prep for mommy
will be done by 6:00 for sure yeah
what is the big drop yeah I wonder you
allergic to that's what I was thinking
I'll see maybe I might be allergic cuz
later when I went home my eyes got kind
of puffy like there was like a blister
there or something
is that is that allergies or is that
some guys could be
