good morning beautiful people
that's what joe says all the time she's
so nice because you know you and I both
know most people are ugly and there's
probably more ugly as fuck people out
there than there are beautiful but Gio
has such a nice heart that she thinks
everyone's beautiful which is awesome I
love you Gio
she was actually a bed right now she's
just sleeping because it's butt-fuck
early again it's 7 a.m. to 7 a.m. had to
wake up early because I got an
action-packed day so I have to get my
eyes measured cuz I did make up my mind
and I am gonna get ICL surgery so if I
got to do like two preparatory steps one
is to measure my freaking I think
refractory contraption D configurators
and then the next time I gotta come in
and do this YAG surgery where they like
poke a hole in my eyeball put a little
thing there and see how it circulates in
my eye to see if I can hold the lens in
my eye so I have two preparatory
procedures and I got to do one of them
today and then later on I have to meet
with Joe and Michael to run that JK
Films business stuff so we have our
business operations meeting a lot of you
guys I think don't really know who
Michael is Michael if we were a big
motherfucking company and we wore suit
and ties and shit Michael would be our
CEO chief operations officer but we're
not really big on titles and stuff like
that at JK you know like we're a really
family oriented type of business and we
try to stay humble so we just call we
just call Michael our manager our
company manager but um if we're a
big-ass company like some sort of forbes
company he'd be the CEO so he's uh
looking at looking at it from a
traditional business angle he's a top
dog and I think that's one of the
reasons why me and Joe is making fun of
them all time and I could call him a
hooker connoisseur cuz it's just funny
that the CEO would always be going
around trying to
get hookers all the time and just based
off the way he looks like he looks so
fucking innocent that is just funny and
after I have the meeting with Joe and
Michael to set the tone for the week of
what needs to get executed then I got a
meeting with Casey because we're really
trying to jumpstart the future films
this year so we got a I think we got
three pretty dope ideas too
that I'm moving forward pretty good but
we still have got stuff you should wear
those oh yeah so we got a dozen still
there oh god I have to swallow it oh
yeah anyways yeah so I got a meal case
you're working on feature films and then
I got from Alzheimer's I got like one
two three I got meetings with John
Michael then from three to seven I got a
meeting with Casey a one-hour break and
then from 8:00 so like ten I got to film
something and I think that thing we're
film is for JK films and it's how we get
ready for bed so that's gonna be really
cool I think when we started this new
series of how we do things or whatever
so you can get to see like in different
aspects of our life how do we get ready
in the morning how do we get ready for
bed like all of us you assume that
everyone does the same shit but once we
start talking to people people have
fucking weird as tendencies and it's
pretty funny like maybe like giulio a
freaking I don't know like freaking like
molest three Pokemon dogs before she
goes to bed or like I'm on Gina fucking
goals on line reads like 20 articles of
Reddit or something like that but um
that's gonna be really interesting that
film that and they're now that'd be the
day so today's action path which is why
once again I gotta wake up but fuck
early but one day I don't like be an
adult as you grow older you got more and
more shit to do and you run out of
fucking time to do them so then you got
to wake up early as fuck and now I know
why grandpa is like be waking up at 4
a.m. for no reason just so they can go
out and take out the trash and freakin
read the newspaper and bullshit like
that but the first time I do this
morning to go to the gym and I get my
workout on
first stop though I gotta come to
7-eleven and this is my morning ritual
when I'm on a bulk like I am right now
I'm being super fasten my morning
pre-workout that I like to get before I
even work out which is what a
pre-workout is I don't know why set
pre-workout before I have a workout
because anyways um this is uh my morning
ritual I get myself a coffee usually I
get the hazelnut one and I just get it
black but sometimes I don't have it like
today then I only get regular but it's
still good I just get a black mm-hmm you
know before I still got one of those
guys that like put Matt creamer masher
and all stuff like that but then as I
got older I just got used to taste a
black coffee probably just from getting
cut and lean like there was a point in
time when I was pretty lean okay and
during that time I really watch what I
ate and stuff and coffee I just got a
black eyes black coffee or hot black
coffee and I got used to it and just
tastes so good and I think like after
you drink the coffee even though it's
bitter a little bit it leaves us to be
taste in the mouth so there's like this
aftertaste and I don't know I like I
mean I like dessert coffee still I like
Starbucks Casey calls them bitch drinks
I like those two frappuccinos it'll show
like that I like all that stuff too but
in the morning I like to have my bitter
coffee with a maple bar maple bar is
like my favorite doughnut don't sleep on
7-eleven donuts 7-eleven don't well
actually some of them you should sleep
on some other ones are like sprinkles
ones are too fancy they're kind of nasty
they like rock are like a piece of
cardboard that maple bars bomb and
they're normal glazed doughnuts bombs
not Krispy Kreme bomb but it's pretty
bomb for 7-eleven I got used to so I get
those too and that's my morning
pre-workout a lot of people who like to
take like like gat or like you know all
these supplement brand pre workouts they
got all these fucking chemicals in there
it's kind of scary to be honest like
yeah pumps you the fuck up and I take it
every once not like before an actual
competition or something
but there's just so many fucking
chemicals in there and if you think
about it
we train to train for life right like
I'm prom I already been left in for 15
20 years I'm gonna keep lifting for the
next I don't know 60 80 years if I can
and if I'm gonna be doing that and I'm
gonna be drinking pre-workout every
single day before I lift that's a lot of
weird fucking chemicals going into your
body and no one knows what the outcome
of all that stuff is like they do
research but they don't do longitudinal
research they just do like a tweak
Studies 12-week studies you know so
having all of those weird toxins that
could potentially even be carcinogens
later on I'm out I mean I don't know
about all that
that's why I just try to keep it simple
an organic black coffee there probably
is a bunch of weird chemicals hun donuts
too though so I should probably watch
out for those but that's the reason why
I don't take pre-workout because I just
kind of scary driving through LA again
because I'm on my way to LASIK or ICL I
should say finish the workout it was
pretty hard today yeah did paused below
the knee Dennis if any of you guys if
any of you guys feel like your back is
just way too fresh and it feels way too
good for her liking do some below the
knee pause deadlifts for like two
seconds for a few reps and like around
8590 percent and I guarantee you your
back will feel just the way you want it
where it feels like it's been
obliterated like it's been frickin raped
by a freaking woolly mammoth cuz that's
what my back feels like right now it's
so freaking I'm pumped but good thing my
car has si or MERS so the seat warmer is
directly on my lower back and it's like
soothing it feels great but I'm actually
really happy about
I'm going to my eye appointments and
like L in the middle of LA these days
just because there's usually no reason
for me to go through here and before all
this is the LA Union Station by the way
so if you guys are ever in LA and you
want to like take the train to San
Francisco or San Diego this is where you
would come but um yeah like I never
really have a reason to I never really
have a reason to go through downtown LA
and back in the day since I used to come
so much I actually avoided it but now
that I've avoided I kind of miss it a
little bit and me having to get my
eyeballs checked up it's a good
refresher to just kind of like
reacquaint myself with down t'see and it
feels really really nice especially I
think this is a especially since there
hasn't been that much traffic this
morning I know what it is but usually
there's insane traffic but today is not
bad at all and I get to enjoy downtown
LA and all its glory and it's all its
beauty and time to go so this freeway up
here is one of the most highly traveled
downtown and or just la freeways is the
101 north they also call this the
Hollywood Freeway could you take this to
Hollywood and it goes all the way up to
like Ventura County and it pretty much
stops like it stops in LA actually it's
a oh you know what it doesn't go just up
in Troy goes all the way up to like San
Francisco who am I talking about but it
stops in LA so yeah that's the freeway
and now I gotta get on the 110 110 to
another freeway that goes north and
south and the 110 stops in Pasadena at
the north end and then it stops in Long
Beach San Pedro at the south end back in
a day
you know how I was in the Marine Corps
Reserves back in the day I used to take
either the 110 what I was shaky as a
motherfucker
I used to take either the 110 or the 710
to my unit my unit was a Terminal Island
it has moved since then I was with
during local that's 3d ang Li CO and
that's a air naval gunfire liaison unit
and yeah I just take the 110 and you get
to go over this bridge called the
Vincent Thomas bridge it's like a
smaller version of the Golden Gate
Bridge and it's very beautiful actually
because you get to see like the ocean
and all that and a lot of these freeways
actually used to utilize but I just
don't anymore I think I should get older
you kind of want to settle in in one
place you know and not have to travel so
much and waste so much time in the car
you kind of want to spend more time with
friends and family or just relaxing at
home and you you don't really uh you
don't really get to take all this stuff
that much I've also noticed that I've
been talking about getting older a lot
so I don't know no that's a good thing
maybe but I feel young you know I feel
like I'm like mentally I feel like I'm
I'm wiser beyond my years but physically
I feel young I feel like like I'm like
just finished puberty is the strongest
I've ever been and my face I feel like
looks young too
I get her like that I really am
so uh shoot oh here we go
downtown again this is when he gets
crazy because he got like ten three ways
all merging together and people can't
make up their mind some people just
zigzag and left and right all over the
place and he got crazy cars like this
he's reading a homemade cargo truck and
then he got that Lexus just trying to
speed then he got this guy his fucking
Mercedes I don't know what the hell this
fools trying to do and then he got this
full fucking heaven they trying to speed
too and I'm just trying to stay in the
middle and you got that big-ass fucking
concrete truck down there and then you
got this guy is fucking it's chilling on
the side of the road doing I don't know
what the fuck he's doing
and this guy just fucking merges over
without even what he did signal but he
just merged over with no warning and
then I'm gonna signal properly see that
shit
see that shit motherfuckers and then go
to the right and then exit will Shire
exit will Shire because I'm going to we
spa enough I told you guys is ready but
I'm gonna we spa we spas like ginger
bong so it's like a Korean spa and
because I have to travel west I live on
the east side of LA because I have to
travel west it doesn't make sense for me
to go west to borrow obligated train go
back home and shower and go back West
more mature on a save time because time
is motherfucking money and so I'm just
gonna go to we spa take a shower out
there and maybe even enjoy the jacuzzi
for like just five minutes just to relax
my back so it just all makes like you
know geographical sense from my house to
barbell Brigade and then just keep going
west to we spa save time and
time is of the essence I don't know what
that means
don't call me and we spa we are here so
we spa got all kinds of services you get
a take a shower here there's hot baths
cool baths
there's sauna steam rooms cold rooms
clay rock rooms all kinds of like
treatments and detoxifying services and
they also have massages you can get a
body scrub facial scrub there's a kit
area there's a restaurant inside some of
the best Korean food in LA is inside we
spot by the way and then what else can
you do in there there's like a pleasure
to bring your kids there's a common area
we could chill with your friends it's a
pretty cool place to kick it um I first
got introduced to gender balance when I
went to Korea and I really reinterred
such a relaxing place like you kinda
once you enter this world like this what
the building looks like there's no
windows or anything once you enter this
world you kind of forget everything that
is going on outside and you get to just
relax and chillax and you know the eat a
Big Mac today the I'm not a rapper
alright so in here you can't really uh
you can't really uh bring a camera
obviously because everyone's butt naked
and shit so you'll feel weird if you're
the one with the camera so I'm off to
cut it here but I'm gonna be there for
like 15 minutes it's gonna shower but if
you dip in the hot tub right quickly I'm
saying relax my lower back from the
attack that I put on my motherfucking
nutsack in there is no parking in his
motherfucking Mac this is wack there's
no parking dam today like everyone try
to relax on the same day not the heavier
thing so uh fellas tell the relaxing
but now I'm also sweating balls which is
why I have the a/c on full blast
but I've used to this are they my dream
home mount is every morning I would want
to be able to workout come home go in
the jacuzzi even for five minutes then
just relax
and it softens up all the tightness you
know when you're like training to get
this insane pump right and it feels good
but then you don't want to stay like
fuckin shaft with my office all day
and that just roll absolutely not I feel
like a ballerina like I couldn't fucking
float around shit
when I feel super those I don't feel
like anything could ever mess me
according to give me angry on this hot
dog nothing easy on full blast and I
tried toner for the first time so I was
over there I came out of the jacuzzi my
skin was kind of dry then they got like
this little immense hygiene section they
got like gel moves hair spray a
blow-dryer lotion and toner and I was
like my face feels kind of drop that I
hate lotion I hate on a good site for at
least for me like my skin it feels like
there's like a thick layer of like oil
on it so I don't like that I saw toner
no it's kind of liquidy so I just
sprayed some but I throw out my face and
I knew my face looks all right looks a
little bit shiny but it feels slightly
moisturized than usual and actually
smells really did shoutouts to all the
Korean products out there though
mom well Asian products in general their
eyes got like it's like really light now
it's always like this light fragrance I
give you upper if they were like
snuggled up with the asian chick like
she smells good but he'll smell it from
far away it's only after you like you
get close
you smell hella gay
that's what I like about those major
products so down relax not to head over
to
my place okay
that part works sorry for making her
John all right watch your blogs now yeah
all right sure I mean fighting is the
same as last time
oh that swelling is gone this one that I
saw last time okay well I think I got it
from the guy was it that numbing drugs
or something drop yeah I'm wondering who
alerted that's what I was thinking
honestly maybe I might be allergic cause
later when I went home my eyes got kind
of I feel like there was like a blister
there or something is that allergies or
is that some guys good yeah I mean but
you haven't had that symptom before is
that that's the first time you
experience one like that
yeah here's what I'm gonna do I'm gonna
put in a different type of drop okay
just kind of pissed it out okay right so
I wasn't able to get anything done today
but it's my fault because I didn't
follow directions
I completely forgot that I'm not
supposed to wear glasses for at least
three days before I come in and do the
pupil dilation and the measurements and
all that stuff so earlier though dr. Lee
was still trying to squeeze me in
somehow
to at least not make my trip completely
a waste but the problem was I don't know
why but he was trying to give me to
focus into this light and I just
couldn't see and so he was trying to
save time for me which I'm very grateful
for but I wasn't able to see so we
wanted to put a little bit more on a
little cane in my eyes but now I have to
meet with Joe and it's cutting it close
so I told him I'm like hey I'm running
out of time and what I'm gonna have to
do is just come back the next day and
follow directions and I fuck around and
get everything done that day so lesson
learned
always pay attention follow directions
or else you're gonna get a tribo there
is a silver lining to this however which
is they found a numbing solution that my
eye isn't sensitive to which is crazy
because my whole life I've never been
allergic to any medication but last time
whatever they put in my eye
it caused my eye to blister and it
looked all puffy and I could barely even
put my contact on because my
I got so deformed which is really weird
but today they figured out that little
cane is cool with my eyes which is
awesome because that's gonna be the
exact painkiller or numbing or whatever
the proper term anesthesia that they're
gonna use during surgery anyway so this
is the important one that I can't be
sensitive to so I'm that was a good
thing of me coming here cuz or I'll stay
what I have to experiment the next time
I come anyways and I'm glad I got that
experimentation done this time actually
either coming or going
so that's what we figured there and it's
true you know we've been monitoring it
and that's what we've been witnessing is
do all right yeah negotiating with them
is how much is the property cost out at
Westfield it's dollar per square foot
they make their own prices so it's not
even market value be like $13 your
market value call you blank says it
really matters okay cuz you know why
they saw you traffic but they don't sell
you targeted traffic
they just say yeah we get a million
customers per month and that's why our
prices like this so I just wrapped up
the meeting with me Jeremy the person
that you heard was talking he's kind of
spearheading the whole frozen dessert
thing Michael David and Joe and we're
just discussing this frozen dessert
project that we're working on and Ron
it's looking like we're gonna launch in
downtown LA and also in Rowland Heights
but as with all businesses you never
know until the things are actually built
even if the papers are signed
penis can hiccup in construction as
we've seen so I don't want to make any
promises but that's the direction that
we're going and there's a whole other
business and
what we're trying to do at JK films as
well and after we're done with that and
I meet with KC to work on the feature
that I've been telling you guys about
and do you is this one of your most
what's the word like look forward it
parts of your job here of developing
features I think this is like the like
this is what you've been wanna do right
you want been wanting to make a feature
film yeah since it's how old 16 16 how
did you know you wanted to make movies
like when they're 16 I think I think the
storytelling aspect came into play
whenever I would draw my own comic books
but what about like comic books writing
there's like so many other alright okay
they give you the whole backstory yeah I
was very into storytelling in life with
the whole like I love playing pretend
and I love like playing with action
figures like I love creating worlds that
was one thing also at a young age I was
heavily into playing piano and violin
and picked up the guitar on my own so I
was really into music yeah and at the
same time I was also into visual arts I
was painting and doing like clay and all
this stuff which we signed or how how we
met serious and jagged toes so it's so
there's the visual aspect there and then
I never got into like acting or anything
but I was into martial arts and we act I
was part of this performance team that
they had where we go out and during
tribes new year we perform and I do lion
dancing and stuff like that so I
understood like you know the kinetic
movement of like performance arts and
the beauty of it right and so when I got
to a point where I finally got some
video editing as a medium I kind of
combined my music attributes my visual
arts attributes and whatever performance
art attributes I had knowledge of in a
plus creating worlds from just being a
kid all four of those elements kind of
combined into one and I just thought
there's really nothing better than this
it's the culmination of everything you
ever liked into one single thing yeah
exactly that's awesome
yeah now is the birth of the vision to
do this another now here's to get to it
well you're still young there's like I
think people they like most of the
directors that we see on the big screen
40 years 40 50 yeah you know that's true
yeah oh I know I know a lot of directors
they they come out early they make a
couple of films like they sign a deal
for like a to picture deal with three
picture deal and they kind of do a few
phones they're sure not that memorable
yeah and then a lot of them usually have
like a 10 to 15-year hiatus for some
reason and then they strike I guess they
hit another deal another three picture
deal with a 40 now and that's when they
kind of hit they're like the most recent
one is a David O'Russell I think I'm one
of the most important things is for a
director is also a life experience yes
because when I was talking to the Dean
and he was telling me this is like I
think two years ago I was not a barbell
he told me that he wants to be a
director of our time he's 25 and I'm
like what do you define director and he
goes feature film director and I was
like good luck buddy and he's like why
well they will number one just the track
like the pipeline to the comment
director doesn't move that fast eh I was
like - I was like would you listen to a
love song written by it like
eleven-year-old and he goes no my why he
goes because there's no anything about
love am i exactly what does the 25 year
old know about life you know like you
want to hear stories from people with
tons of life experience and it and I
think it takes a lot of life experience
to tell stories and to make movies and
like a lot of the same values and morals
that I have as a kid which I thought
were black and white where I'm like I'll
never hit a girl or whatever right too
many green but they're now like I'm what
gee don't you piss me the fuck off I'm
like one day on my beach right so it's
like as you get older the black and
whites are blurring yeah once it starts
blowing I think that's where all the
great stories are because everything is
situational there's no such thing as
like one concrete truth
where this wall never happened all right
if you form your film
you have to know the opposites the
argument argument yeah you have to
really lay down the seeds to really put
your vision out there as the truth day
yeah and another thing too is I feel
like the young director like Michael Bay
was I think 26 when he did is when he
did bad boys which is really really
young right
really good for 2016 it's really really
good for 26 minutes also a really
nineties esque film yes I think in this
day and age even the blockbusters and
hours are starting to become very smart
yeah actually more realistic and you
don't have that 90s campaign that early
two-thousands like Oh anything can
happen because it's an action movie yeah
that doesn't exist anymore
yeah even superhero movies have rules
like there there's emotional arcs for
them yeah and so I do think like you
have if you're 2016 your disapproval
movie in this day and age then you must
be a genius
that's true because you had the pitch a
really good pitch thing yeah
and behind us we have director world
famous Isaac what's your next feature
film gonna be about
there's too many ideas on you gotta you
gotta figure out one of them it made too
many of them or you forgot what the term
feature film innit
hey guys just got back home it's uh 905
right now and my day isn't over but it's
almost over but I have to shoot a series
what oh yeah what I said something
anyway I stopped the shooter series and
what's the name of the series Julia the
name of the series is how I get ready
for bed and what is it about it's pretty
much about each JK member and how they
just wind down from their day yeah busy
work schedule and then we just walk them
through
he'll prepare for that so I was like
take a shower maybe not take a shower do
more work maybe not work at all
knock out I don't know it's a mystery
every member is very different
Gio's is pretty funny though I'm excited
for Gio's to come out really yeah
majors little kind of cool and beginning
cool but the visual are gonna be super
dope because Tommy is using his Sony
camera and that shit look America
there's nothing camera that makes the
picture look good oh who is it it's the
guy behind the camera duh so that's the
guy who invented the camera true Touche
pretty excited all right does anyone
have done sleep yeah everyone sleeps
they just look at weird time on ours I
think two hours Michael would be the one
that stays up the latest and probably
gets early sleep but he's moved closer
so me my goodness what time is you do
you think Michael sleep set no I don't
even answer my phone after 11:00 Michael
asked me questions like that for thirty
three o'clock I'm like you know so up to
you yeah just have a stupid chance man
thanks I can't even answer a question of
properly after 11:00 yeah but 11:00 I'm
in bed I still answer the phone after
10:00 though anything after delusional
hours the best
yeah very creative that's where JK news
energies has an answer shit we have a
tree that could grew me right on the
phone grew me yeah we share each other's
ideas so if I get stuck around like
doing stuff like so funny like a funny
headed within JK news we struck strange
those ideas inside posting things so all
the others of your work as a team to pop
out JK news for you guys
yes all right so I'm gonna knock out
this shoot and then it's almost bedtime
because you guys know I gonna sleep
early and then you'll see how I sleep
and get ready for bed in this video on
JK films good night
