good morning y'all
today is um one of the chillest
weekday mornings I've had in a long time
and it's because I moved my workout days
around so before I used to work out on
Mondays and Tuesdays just cuz I we
started to work on Wednesday at 10:00
a.m. but um I realized it's really hard
to do back-to-back training days
especially if I'm trying to get stronger
so I'm left being heavy on both days so
what I decided to do on Wednesday is
push my work schedule instead of from my
10:00 to 6:00 I'm making it from 1 to 9
and I guess that's one of the perks of
owning your own business you can like
switch things around as long as you get
the work done so that's what I'm doing
on Wednesdays and because of that I can
now move my workouts from Tuesday
morning to Wednesday morning and then so
now today which is Tuesday I'm free in
the morning and I get to catch up on
emails and kind of not have to have such
a hectic weekday morning that I've been
having but Gio on the other hand is gone
she has a hectic has morning cuz uh as
you know on Tuesdays it's JK party day
and she has to she runs that show so she
has to plan and get there early and make
sure everything is running smoothly but
I get to chill with the pup-pups
he found me hey Brady how do you guys
wake up and go right back to sleep
especially you bringing you're so
excited but you don't even want to get
off your wagon and frickin tell if you
can lazy bum
funny bear your little freaking cutie
pie with your little sneaky eyebrows you
don't have sneaky eye Baja but bridgie
has a sneaky tail breaky breaky hey big
kitty
he's so lazy you can't even get up to
play yet the way I could tell on the
floor some of these days I've been so
busy that I haven't even been able to
take a shower right after I trained and
I just end up wearing my workout clothes
the whole day at JK or through their
entire apartment we're getting meaning I
don't want to eat you right now and I
don't like that because those of you
guys haven't played high school sports
there's like this habitat you develop
right like I used to wrestle I play
basketball and right off to practice I'm
drenched I want to go home immediately
and shower because you get all kinds of
dirt and like bacteria whatever
especially in wrestling like you get
ringworm you know like a wrestling
people and then you can transfer cooties
and sweat drums and stuff like that but
because I haven't been able to I
realized I've been getting like little
pimples here in there can you guys see
that it's like a little these little
baby pimples and I think I have one on
my back I have one like right here
little baby put right here I get some on
my back I you should have all those
scars now little scars to see some of
them just scratching myself I'm gonna
run scratching and it's like a pimple or
something that frickin put a little
freaking scar on my back and I get
appointments like that so nothing's
appointment tip you know like emergency
treatment especially I get on the face
and I gotta shoot tomorrow and you're
like reduces the swelling but if you
guys know me I'm more loved preventing
this type of guy like instead of running
around butt naked which I do and waiting
for me to get sick and then take like
cold medicine I rather just overdose on
vitamin C before so I don't get sick or
just drink more water so I don't get a
headache instead of taking like headache
medicine because I'm all about
preventive care which is why I went onto
a vanity planet and they got that's the
same place where I had the scale that
measured her body time hostel and I got
this this is called spin for perfect
skin
and since I think disc
me I want to share this with you guys so
they actually sent this to me which is
really really cool and this is a body
brush so a lot of bucks time we got
different types of scrubs right and
Jill's a gangster so this is her scrub
you could probably use this to polish
like some steel pipes it's freaking
rough this is what Jill uses and she
scrubs like crazy but I can't scrub that
hard cuz once again I get hot like I
could barely like go crazy on my head
the Friday I come out the shower I'm
clean and I start sweating but this is
amazing which is why I got it because
it's a brush that operates on its own so
I don't do no work in its 21st century
yeah me I'm trying to do not work Sun
and it comes with four brushes so you
have a regular cleaning brush could be
for your face exfoliating this is super
fine right
that's super fine like dang girl but
like damn it's all fine it's like so
soft I can't even take it out find this
thing it is like soft so super soft and
this is to exfoliate I can't wait to use
it feels good and you got the regular
one so if you like I don't do Tough
Mudder or something or raqual in the
dirt this would just do normal Queenie
and then they got a bigger one which is
for the body cleaning you just put it on
and all you need don't believe that is
though I mean got that example buy some
batteries later but you turn it on
BAM hopefully oh you don't have to gig
I've been getting these stupid little
pimples around my waist you guys see
that I've been doing these stupid little
pimples cuz um you know what I train I
got that way though and nobody washes
that cuz it's just a thick piece of
leather so there's probably a lot of
built-in bacteria in that thing which is
probably why I been getting like pimples
in a straight line around my waist I
definitely
this the blasco's areas and it'll last
but not least they got this pumice stone
so guys got calluses on your hands or on
your feet I love calluses because I
think I think operate so much you will
mind him but Gio hates pumice I mean I
promise she hates calluses because she
gets us really rough but if you got a if
you don't want calluses boom blast it
out and so I'm gonna be using this I'm
really excited to want to share this
with you guys
because we all try to beef it we all try
to look good and you don't want to stay
clean as easy as we can and it's called
the spin for perfect skin and they're
actually so cool where they're gonna
give you guys through me a discount code
so we just type in Bart it's gonna take
70% off that's ridiculous so uh make
sure you go and get this I think it's a
hundred bucks but 70% with a cold Bart
you get for thirty bucks for attachments
for thirty bucks and you can just sit a
shower and just be like and yes it
probably does vibrate so I know some of
you guys are not you're gonna try
something else but that's not what it's
for we are trying to get clear skin here
oh yeah I forgot to mention one thing
with the power brush you can use any
soap or cleaning agent that you want
this body wash bar so for me
because I like dry a skin I just bar
soap does that thing really gets in
there
Gio hates that I use bar soap she likes
body wash because it makes your skin
feel nice and smooth but because I'm a
greasy mouthful it makes my skin feel
nice and greasy which is the whole point
so I use bar soap I just dig that thing
and band
Branum by a man left on buffing a piece
of marble and all the information is
going to be in the description below and
you can get your 70% off and ask hella
cheap because I know we all broke we all
trying to find ways to save some money I
got done with all my emails and I had an
hour to kill and I've been meaning to
pick up my clock from gonna fix but I
haven't had time for my schedule just so
busy and right when I found I had an
extra hour I texted the homie Alvin and
I like Alvin can I come down sign the
papers and be back at the office within
an hour and he goes yes when we take
care of in 20 minutes saw Mike I bucket
I'm gonna come down pick up my Glock is
in the sitting here for like almost a
month now and I can start the papers for
my next weapon but if you guys were ever
in the Hacienda Heights or a City of
Industry area stop like gonna fix
because they got all kinds of weapons
here got rifles they got pistols
I got a few guns out of 1911 from here
I've got a Glock from here and they have
some really rare stuff too so if you're
looking for a high-quality guns don't go
to your local gun store gonna I'm not
gonna have it they just have the generic
stuff they got a lot of high quality
stuff here so make sure you come here to
check it out and ask for Alvin because
y'all hook you up
there's your Glock oh thank you don't
one you're a serial number showing oh oh
oh thank you okay you're so smart you
know all these little tricks yay I
actually bought this mainly for Gio
because um so I have a ton of handguns
already but um Gio she's just getting
over the fear of guns
so like the concussion of the gun how it
shakes it kind of scares her so I wanted
to buy her like a medium sized gun that
she can kind of call her own and take to
the range of practice with because every
gun have the way they shoot it has her
own personality so I wanted to just get
used to one and this is the reason why I
got this one so that she can just get
used to this one and if something were
to happen cuz like for rapists or
burglar or some weird persons trying to
come inside and have their dick in a
pizza box and try to negotiate some
weird things with geo she could protect
herself because she's gonna be extremely
comfortable with this guy so this is
mainly for her but the cool thing about
liking guns is that this is also begun
that I wanted so I get to show it there
and occupy to where we going Priscilla
Charles Priscilla
yeah what are the Priscilla do you know
she gives a fuck about line dancing Jess
I was like I thought they invited you
because you're from Texas and you're
gonna teach everybody line dancing like
the Chinese shit Oh
line dancing I see cuz I was like I
thought you like kacl's I won laughing
what the she like fuckin Chinese line 34
and I got one that's coming this Friday
called the 19 and this is the in between
the 19 in 234 the 17 I didn't see you
there oh good I like this one so much I
have a POI one that was right here
Abajo I remember the toy when I brought
out the Baraka magnet so cool exactly
the same one that's what I'm getting the
19 when was that coming in I I could
already pick it up I just didn't have
time I just have stupid-ass just
cheating party to film today I know I
almost couldn't go today by how two
extra hour and I texted Alvin I was I yo
can I come down to the store can you get
me out like really quick so I'll have an
hour
shit yeah and he was like come down I'll
get you on in 20 minutes and then when I
went in he was helping a customer and he
told the customer he goes oh this guy is
already up has an appointment with me he
dropped them and he helped me out I know
I was a fucking shit you got the
original the Glock 17 the Glock 7 yeah I
really liked it this is that one I'm
getting this one I already got this one
I already got this one I don't know I
might get another one oh I might get a
compact one too yeah that'll be the one
that's I sneaked in my butthole and no
one knows I have the idea might get a
super small into that's the gangster way
the bullet donkey you die
that's tight Michael Bay oh damn Kyle
freak of sickness shot us damn wonder
why Hollywood doesn't hire me
I like the craziest shot in the world
yeah yeah Wow well not going upwards are
you ready yeah all right Michael Bay
shot one two three action damn just like
the movies so what's different about
today's JK party today we are coming
behind the scenes of JK party so back a
long time ago
JK party was two behind the scenes
channel for JK phones back when we did
skits and then since we stopped doing
skits JK films been kind of going
through like a identity crisis but we
think we found a solution for that denim
crisis that I think we just need to flip
it like the original idea for taking
part of me behind the scenes is now JK
thumbs and now Jacob films will now be
doing a documentary series on what it's
like to be shooting jacob party and JK
news yeah so today will be our first day
of doing that documentary series it's
almost like like so it's almost gonna be
like a reality TV documentary series cuz
always shoot just kidding party there's
a lot of fun that's caught up on camera
but there's a lot of craziness that
happens when the cameras cut in between
the actual shoots of JK party so KC is
gonna attempt to capture that today and
show you guys Barnes gonna help me out
along with mine you might have seen him
editing Jay King news but now he's gonna
come on board to help up on some JK film
stuff and we're gonna try to capture
some of the craziness for
j/k films and hopefully you guys like
that stuff yeah I always thought like a
lot of this stuff that happens after the
party games or even in-between JT news
articles something has stuff like wait
yeah and the actual like the video that
comes up on party news so I think it's
our job to capture that between now one
of my favorite is like I'm Jay King is
David and Jill always get into a fight
yes I try to capture as much of it as I
can and the vlogs but sometimes I get so
caught up in it that I'm just enjoying
it I forget to turn the camera on yeah I
guess a JQ news editor like I think I've
seen the tail ends of the beginning end
of the takes that have like that stuff
in it but they still have a context it's
like it's really hard to integrate it
into the actual like what's going on
there yeah but now it since we're
actually creating content for that I
think it'd be a lot easier and we can
finally bring back to light and show
everyone what exactly happens behind the
scenes now yeah see we're trying really
hard to relaunch JK films and make it up
and make it funny and we're
brainstorming and we're creating new
ideas and like Casey was saying before
JK party was the behind the scenes
channel for just kidding films cuz
Jessica Dean films we shot skits and so
there's a lot of behind the scenes stuff
for skits but now JK party has taken on
its own identity where it's a game show
and the goal is to become like one of
those Asian game shows where it's all
crazy but with the American Flair and
with the American swag so it's gonna be
something like the direction we're
trying to go towards if you can't
already tell already it's something that
does even exist and we're trying to
create and and morph JK party into this
beautiful theme where everyone can enjoy
the craziness of JK films but now JK
films since we'd be doing all the other
stuff that you guys hate like how I do
this or how I watch my ass or how I jack
off or how my pleasure myself in the
middle of the night
you don't like watching stuff like that
so now we're gonna try to find different
ways and this is the first way which is
you start shooting a documentary style
reality TV series of what we do on the
other channels because JK films
the branding has already been lifestyle
so if we no longer do skits we might do
skits every now and then but the main
focus is on lifestyle so we want a
killer on lifestyle and that's how we're
gonna bring it to you that's all we're
gonna bring you some reality TV type
stuff documentary style finally got home
today was a rough day cuz we were trying
to figure out how to integrate JK films
into the JK party workflow so now we
have KC and Byron filming for JK films
and some of those guys actually showed
up two hours before our normal JK party
time but we all got out an hour and a
half later and anytime you make
adjustments to your workflow of course
it's gonna change
and once you solidify it that's when you
find my more efficient way to do it and
it's the same for like you know any
choose your classes like the first day
you go to school you don't really know
where all the classes are so it might
take you 30 minutes to get around and
you know by the time you get home from
school it's like 30 minutes or an hour
later or you can't get that much done
but once you finalize your workflow it's
easy for you to get from class to class
now you wouldn't even have time to get
food in between class talk with your
friends and everything becomes more
streamlined right so it's the same thing
with what we're doing at Jake here right
now when we're trying to rebrand and
figure out new content to put out and
how to shoot it it just takes longer so
it's gonna take a minute before we
actually finalize what we want to do and
we're happy with what we create and then
we'll figure out a more efficient and
streamlined way of doing it and I think
mash is how it goes like for life so but
because of that it takes so much extra
brain power than usual then I'm just
like so tired right now and I still got
a to meetings I got a barbell Brigade
productions meeting lined up and then I
have a barbell Brigade gym meeting
lastly three mates and my third meeting
is that barbell Brigade ambassador
meeting which is pretty cool because I
think barbell Brigade has grown and it's
a recognizable brand now when we want to
start extending the resources that we
have and start building ambassador
relationships so that hopefully within
the next year or two we can start spawns
athletes and start having actual bottle
brigade sponsored athletes and there's
mama bear and I've got she's tired as
hell oh yeah how was shooting today
exhausting not only was I shooting I was
acting because of the integration of JK
films yeah so my brain was constantly
but the fam looks crazy on camera yeah
yeah that's like a helicopter oh okay
yeah what did you get for food pokey
what there's a pokey place around here
yeah oh you went there
Oh who are they yummy you just wanted to
try it out yeah oh cool that's awesome
yeah go eat the mama bear I love you Oh
two little puppies this is my bear this
is so big to me so this is a rare sight
usually I'm in bed first now ma bear
tuck me in
but today baby mama bear is very very
tired but the cutest thing but usually
so what it's already cute that ma bear
has a firm blanket on the first level
like the soft side she doesn't like the
rough side see that's rough this has
furry and then well and she got a cool
cuz she got a cold but the nose so now
she has three freaking blinking
this side because my body touches this
envoy doesn't touch this side so she has
it all planned out
- it's just triple furries and even have
a freakin free pillow you big kitty
Mama's a big cutie I love you mama bear
I love you mom I love you that's I make
fun of you I can't help it I love a ball
what your loveable love you so much
only if I mean everyone else hates you
make fun of my pillows nice everybody
hates me action down there you're
turning into mermaid or something maybe
racist again nah I can't agents be
around here with me my breath games at
ladies
dream Asajj you relax Lou you feel good
it's a higher here it's really down look
forward
