good morning all it's Saturday morning 7
a.m. and I have to go to the gym but I'm
super tired and usually on my days off I
try to sleep in a little bit so it's not
like I wake up super early during the
week I usually wake up around 8:00 but I
realize like because of all the stuff we
have our hands in like barbell pour get
a pair of our buddy Jim just kidding
films go for broke or frozen dessert
shop like we just have so many endeavors
that my brain gets fried throughout the
day and I need longer and longer sleep
not just to rest my body from the hard
workouts but also to arrest my brain
from all the thinking that it does every
single day so on the weekends I try to
wake up at 9:00 or 10:00 but today
that's not possible and because we've
been getting more busy this year I have
to find time on the weekends to do some
of my personal stuff so one of the
things I'm trying to do this year is get
LASIK eye surgery so for those of you
guys who don't know about my vision my
vision is horrible horrible meaning my
prescription is negative ten point five
so ever since I was in second grade I
started winning glasses and at that time
I was like negative one negative one
point five and then I remembered by the
time I was I think junior high I had
negative five already and it just kept
growing steadily from there it actually
hasn't gotten worse since like the last
I would say five years but it reached
negative ten pretty quick and so now
it's kind of stabilized so which is good
so come on eyes aren't getting any worse
I don't know how much worse you can get
but I'll just to give you an example if
have you guys ever watched like those
really artsy cinematic movies where
we're like the theme in front isn't
focusing on the back that's completely
blown out like especially street lights
they're big like red and green circles
that's what my vision looks like I have
a cinematic view of the world
if I weren't wearing any glasses or
contacts if I stuck my hand out like
this
I wouldn't even be able to know how many
fingers I'm holding there's just be a
big like fleshy blur and that's how bad
my my vision is so I don't know why key
doing right now I feel like I'm in old
or something you know my mobile on it's
probably cuz I'm delirious I woke up
super early but anyways yeah I can't fit
my my eye appointment during the week so
I gotta do it on the weekend but I also
don't want to affect my training
schedule which is like working out you
know so I'm like I fucking what I gotta
do then is just wake up extra early and
get to the gym a 7 a.m. and then go to
my eye appointment and then I think we
have an emergency family meeting for
just kidding so no one died or anything
so don't don't think of it that way but
uh you know we're building our new
office well we had some really big
changes happen there bad changes and so
all of us need to meet up and address
that issue and we had to do that and
pulled it in on a Saturday so it's
actually like a great thing to be an
entrepreneur because you get to build
your own ideas and build it with the
team that you want to build it with but
the problem with being an entrepreneur
is you always have to put in extra hours
and you have to be flexible so there's
so many times where all of us have to
cancel on our family on our boyfriends
and girlfriends on friends on events all
I can't go to your graduation I can't go
- right now - just something
work-related came up and as an
entrepreneur you have to be the first
aid kit you got to be the first one you
got to be the paramedic you know the
first person there boom solve the
situation because it's just gonna
trickle a little downhill like if we
don't address the situation
it's gonna roll down affect our finances
affect what we're able to do this year
later on in the year affect the salaries
of people so we got to come in and fix
that shit ASAP and so that's which is
why this Saturday which is usually my
day off I'm gonna be a pretty busy but
hopefully at night being started down
because I've been wanting to watch some
movies but hopefully things die down
enough where my and also my brain isn't
dead to the point where I can't watch a
movie because sometimes man we thought
there's so much shit yeah I can't wait
to watch a movie can't watch a movie by
the time I go on the movie theater my
brain is like I'm just struggling to
stay alive so uh today shouldn't be bad
actually though because I got work out
got my LASIK appointment and then we got
to address the new office issue so
depending on how crazy that is we
already addressed some of it we have
like two meetings about it meet Joe and
Michael so it shouldn't be too bad so uh
hopefully I'll be able to just relax a
little bit and watch a movie I haven't
missed known so one of the reasons why
she always says that I'm a Mexican or
I'm a Mina it's because I like music
like this so I really like low rider
oldies
it puts you in this mood of like y'all
I'm a fucking thug but I got a sensitive
side you know and I only show a couple
people in the world that vulnerable and
this is other Delfonics their fucking
don't
Oh
it's like so much song like what they I
really misses this Aegeus music is the
soul that they used to like nowadays
solders kind of replaced with the
nobility we got some really good see it
they go to town a little but music like
this it just can't straight from the
heart where the soul didn't have to be
replaced by technique you know
and it'd be great to see a combination
of both like boys - man it's like before
they even do the crazy ones as soon as
they open their mouth disorder like oh
my and this is a view to a barber game
we are right next to a cement truck
company bone mass design art by a luxe
floor unless we build something big
usually we make a left turn right here
unfortunately this sign in the back is
employee Park disorganized communist
my view pretty much every morning that I
do train music though it's with music
like this but it's with music like this
or sometimes I just want to get a record
player and I could just buy these tracks
cuz when you listen to an mp3 or a CD
it's it's so clean sounding that it
loses the warmth of the old school sound
they used to make this music on older
machines on analog machines that it
wasn't digital and it's not as crisp and
clear but this is warmth to the tone you
know and when we put this on a record
you can just hear that the the record
you know we know the record plays is
like there's that record sound after
that was called but it adds to that that
time period you're like oh oh me corazon
but today what the digital sound is
really really really crisp this is not
lowrider or it might be you never know
we gotta wait so the music kicks in
I don't know if this is a lowrider all
these it is on a lowrider all the time
Pandora but this is a soulful solver
hear me
oh man
Hel's another thing if you guys don't
know about me that geo always makes fun
of me about is that I fucking suck at
lyrics even my most favorite songs I
just know like I don't know lyrics to
very many songs and it's just hard for
me to memorize them Gio Calista to like
a song or two I mean a song like once or
twice and she got that shit - you know
the whole song be on her back I fucking
suck and memorizing their own why that
is but I am at the gym just I'm trying
now I just smashed the workout I'm tired
as a motherfucker but if you guys want
to follow me on my fitness journey or
you want a program or some sort of
regimen where you can emulate your
program off of go ahead and follow the
barbell breguet channel currently it is
still youtube.com slash Marquand or you
could just grab our Quan or barbell
beginner fitness whatever in the search
is no fucking seat warmers I've got damn
a fucking back and assholes burning up
gotta turn the shit up but yeah if you
want to follow me or you want to learn
about exercises or if you want to hear
discussions about fitness that's what's
great about barbell we'll get the
channel we're trying to make it very
comprehensive so there's very hands-on
how to how to front squat how to use
chains how to back squad how to do
Romanian deadlifts got all those but we
also got topical discussions like is it
okay to jack off before you squat or
workout or is it uh what's better on the
flashes are all issues any type of
fitness discussions we like to talk
about that and we also have a lot of
more lifestyle based stuff for example
like when you push hard in the gym and
that type of commitment and dedication
and fervor that you developed in the gym
how can you take that and apply that to
your real life and accomplish goals in a
real life you know because it's very
synonymous with each other so if you
like stuff like that go ahead and follow
the bottle brigade I'm just Google
bottom gate or bark Quan
or whatever good thing cuz now I got to
go get my fucking I fucking look that
ins after whatever well not zapier but I
got my appointment but good the embargo
gate also has a
some motherfucking proteins because I
don't even know what I'm gonna eat lunch
cuz I gotta get my I looked at and then
I gotta go straight to the new office we
could have our emergency meeting that I
was telling you guys about but at least
we got some of these down these I'm
Matata I'm still trying to bulk so I'm
still trying to get mad protein calories
in here
so ya see I had a happened
this is what downtown LA looks like on a
weekend there's still a little bit of
traffic but it's not bad and what's cool
it's currently bullshit they turn right
onto West second Street oh I think oh I
was gonna miss the exit but yet
everything is kind of under construction
these days which is kind of cool because
downtown LA hasn't changed in a long
long time
and so all the tall buildings that we do
have they've been there for a while but
there's new money being invested here I
heard it's a lot of Chinese mainland
money which I don't know if it's a good
or bad thing I like their money but
unlike their Deepak I just see a what is
this here keep that oh shit got a qiblah
what the hell but there's a sixth Street
though with that oh I'm out of fucked up
if you happen that talk to you guys now
fuck up so he can't be vlogging and
driving at the same time but the view
does look really nice on camera though
all right so what do I go tell me
continue on West 8th Street then turn
right onto South Flower Street turn
right on South flower just turn right
right here
and I oh yeah so we got traffic
controller people down there you know
just making sure everything's cool cuz
when shit goes down in downtown LA
people don't give a fuck about the
lights and then yeah this is downtown LA
it looks very city like but a lot of the
times the other biggest cities that I go
to like New York San Francisco they look
way more City I think people they have
this misconception of like how urban and
how skyscraper II downtown LA is it's
actually not that it's only like
probably like one square mile of like
tall buildings and that's about it but
there's a lot of shit that goes down in
LA because you got Hollywood you know we
got Orange County we got Santa Monica
the beautiful beaches so I think overall
LA is extremely diverse and very rich
but downtown downtown it's still
developing boat and we are getting a lot
of those like hipster mom-and-pop type
of restaurants and shops which is really
cool
I'm a big supporter of mom-and-pop shops
because I like that competition and I
like that variation serve these a lot of
chain so we got this guy hard at work
doing a really good job for me to stop
better stop very very cool and then we
got like a hipster right here in the car
or some sort of my white boy hipster
College dude we got joggers and stuff
this blank artist is going down dope
there's a ruler as a sign it's pretty
cool if you look all the way down there
you will see some signs in Korean and
that is because we're about to enter
k-town and k-town is just right outside
of downtown LA but it is still in the
heart of LA and I would almost consider
this like the second downtown LA cuz
they got a lot of mad tall buildings too
and it definitely feels like inner city
like there's mad buildings it's really
close to each other a shit ton of
traffic but the one thing that unites
all of LA is regardless if it's k-town
j-town was the new building to looks
really nice
or a Chinatown whatever town there is
the most amount of demographic in terms
of ethnicity is gonna be Mexican so it
doesn't matter where you go no matter if
you're in k-town J town you're gonna
find more Mexicans the Korean people in
Japanese delicious the way it is because
we're in Southern California and for
y'all history buffs California was once
considered northern Mexico
so America's a brand new country so
California has been Mexico for the
longest time a lot of times people think
so I got mad immigrants coming over here
which is true there are a lot of
motherfuckers trying to hub borders and
fences my hot shit but technically we're
in their land so we should probably
watch the way we behave even though we
claim the territory you know I mean it's
kind of like imagine like
imagine like Canadians came down right
and then they stuck a flag in the soil
this is Canada it's counted out from now
on but it's like motherfucker Americans
been here for a while so you know you
know I mean yeah yo this is really cute
look at those cute little old ladies
over there
but yeah the culture of downtown LA
definitely does spread around to k-town
- we've got a lot of people on bikes and
stuff fixie is used to be a huge thing
those are speed bikes and stuff it was a
huge thing but then uh people I guess
lost his style or something people are
into fixies no more but a k-town there's
like a cleaner downtown LA as you can
see there's less trash less homelessness
and the people behave themselves better
if somebody's in downtown but it's crazy
out of motherfuckers before me and Joe
is to kick it with this dude I was a
tattoo artist and we said go could get
out his loft and there was this dude
that would be kicking her outside of the
law every single day was a homeless guy
but he has a trumpet and he's always
playing like tunes and then one of his
favorite songs was we and he's with you
were these purple warm-ups all the time
and it was just done we got so used to
that type of lifestyle we got so used to
seeing my homeless people and just
people doing crazy shit on the streets
that was downtown I'll leave but they
clean it up a lot as you can see what
the construction all that stuff but um I
think what might even happen and the
early future is downtown LA in k-town
just kind of merges and becomes one
giant metropolis I can see that going
down - all right so now I have to do all
right this is I test yeah it's an eye
test I don't have contacts in my eyes
and I just found out my right eye is
20/20 with the contact on left eyes 2025
that means at 20 feet I see 25 right so
my left eye is a little bit worse okay
so now I took on my contacts and I'm
gonna do is this the air puff machine no
we don't do that here okay that was good
yeah cuz I always struggle to keep my
eye open when I do the air comes okay
focus in on your right eye first okay
and in a moment you're just gonna see a
hot-air balloon going in and out of
focus okay so it's just getting you a
prescription off your eye and I do see
your prescriptions Grady high up there
is it like negative 11
yeah it's right around there would look
a little bit of a sting system as well
picking up something pretty similar on
your left eye to maybe the prescriptions
just a tad bit higher
okay okay well it's looking like he
might be nice field candidate ICL candid
okay dad move over there yes okay okay
all right
so ICL is uh I don't know what sounds
for actually what does I tilt that that
far
okay can I place this camera mic over
here who is dark in here okay not the
best choice for you so I feel this will
also measure the spacing so along with
the scan to consider you for ICL dr.
Weil will also be able to look into your
eyes
great interlocks
and let me show you on your skin here
let the homework lastly don't see
anything to put your butt that was a
green scan that we bought it was of your
eye so as you saw that was our shooters
amazing pretty advanced so as you saw a
blue light whirring around when we
basically took a picture of your iPhone
multiple I see and then all of these
images then reconstructs your eye into
the 3d model Wow and it also represents
information you want to make sure I just
like clearly Castro voice but I'm gonna
be mainly like okay I'll put my face
here okay cool so the good news is as I
mentioned when we're looking at someone
who's a night sale candidate the spacing
in the eye must be good from the scans
it's good okay dr. Lee's gonna come in
and tell you what he thought when
remember when you do that little small
ones right here at the end yeah see all
the way to the back of the eye oh you
know anything okay I'm let you know if
there's any findings or anything
hopefully it's healthy okay um the other
thing too is with ICL we want to make
sure that the astigmatism is as low as
possible here he's done people up to
anywhere from a quarter or half diopter
to one to negative one
don't limit ISM when we did the Auto
refractor where you saw the hot-air
balloon you're about a negative 1.25 but
when he refracted you right now it was
under that Oh coach is what we want we
want it to be as low as possible because
the astigmatism I technically cannot be
corrected with the IC lens but doctor we
have a technique where you can place it
yeah so you guys kind of do like a more
electronic measurement first and then he
doesn't the more manual I see
so we yeah we
have both types of ways to do
investigate your I frankly so so um
based off the conversations I had with
the doctor and also Nikki Nikki's the
person has been helping you this whole
time I think I'm gonna go with ICL or
relay sick just because one since I'm so
highly myopic meaning nearsighted that
they're gonna have to wear away on my
cornea like crazy and that's not
reversible but with ICL they can just
plug that lens in here and if later on
my vision gets worse they can always I
always have the option of lasik later on
and ICL as a surgery that's been around
forever because the glaucoma and
cataract patients also go through with
this and ICL has the best chances of
meeting in 2015 so that's what I'm after
every place I go to other I went 2015 I
want better than perfect vision I want
to see like a fucking x-men x-men the
excellent x-men singular x-men should be
x-men right I want to see like I'm
almost like Wolverine I want to see like
a motherfuckin x-men and no one can
guarantee 2015 vision but they always
say we can get as close as possible but
what I see oh they say that's the
highest chance of being able to get 2015
so if I can get 2015 and they say I CL
you get HD vision sometimes with LASIK
you have like these little halo rings
and like a blurred light sometimes I
want to get the clearest possible vision
that I can get one because I'm also on
film too because I like to shoot and all
throughout bootcamp I had like the worst
glasses ever and I have astigmatism so
when I'm shooting I'm trusting a lot of
feeling because a lot of my targets are
blurry I still got expert in bootcamp
and I'm still a pretty decent shot with
all those stigmatism but I know that I
can just be that much better of a
shooter in general marksman in general
probably even bathroom I better mean all
my life you know if I had better vision
so that's what I'm after I'm really
trying to get that 2015 if possible but
2020 I mean right now my vision is so
bad that anything I'm happy with
so I'll probably get the ICL surgery it
is more expensive but that's what I
think I'm gonna do and David also had
ICO his vision is actually so bad that
he had ICL and LASIK and me his vision
and mine are the same in terms of the
prescription but he has really bad
vision and really bad stigmatism so you
needed the combination the two to fix it
so uh
at least I'm not in those shoes I just
need a the lens plugged in and then have
a minor stigmatism so that's what I'm
gonna do I'm at my where I'm at our new
JK office now a little bit early I'm
starving us fuck but hopefully uh we get
to finish this meeting so I can go eat
some really really hungry I think I gave
you guys a tour eating the outside of
our office is beautiful there's trees
plants and it's just a beautiful campus
this is a 360 view of the current
hallway so as you can see we have a lot
of Fashion Designers here a lot of
people in different creative fields and
no one's here cuz it's on a weekend but
that's not the reason why we're here
we're not here to enjoy the beauty we're
here to unfuck a huge fuckup in our
office so that's what we're calling this
emergency meeting long story short me
and Joe will put up mad amount of money
mad fucking amount of money I'm talking
about a fucking shit ton enough to buy a
house and for a professional to come and
build out our office and we want we give
them our tastes and we're like this is
what we want we're not professional
designers but take this money
and and make our visions come true well
the problem is halfway through the
project the vision started deviating
from what we wanted we didn't achieve
our ball we come in and I'll show you
the office in a minute
it's way darker it looks like a dungeon
and we're like yeah we're a comedy
company yeah we want that industrial
urban feel but it wasn't achieving that
so what we decided to do is fire our
interior designer and we're going to
complete on our own which is why we are
trying to get all our staff to me and
kind of brainstorm together yeah what do
we like because at the end of the day if
we can come together although none of us
are interior designers but if we can put
our tastes in it we can still make our
office very JK
very unique to us and what we want you
know and you know like the whole time
where we've been doing stuff and film
and in the industry we've been doing
shit Chinese that will be called we're
just doing it ourselves and it kind of
sucks that the first time we actually
pay an actual professional to do their
job they fucked up but we should have
known because the first time we hired
her when she came on she was like in the
middle of a brainstorming she was saying
how all her relationships never worked
out she's going throughout the course
and we're just like whoa like if you're
an emotional wreck it's our bad I guess
for not being like though you're not in
a good place to start designing it
taking all big-ass fucking projects like
this because she has to manage the
contractors electricians the plumbers
and all that stuff and she wasn't in a
good place to take on such a big project
but this is big I'm selling this big
once we get shit completed I can't wait
to show you guys this is big so uh this
is our office right here on the left is
where the sets are gonna be and Michael
Aaron and geo are brainstorming looking
at sets and pictures and stuff wow that
looks nice
that we're gonna use other than this
focus I'm figuring out the lighting in
the bathroom and I want to go with this
style Oh looks nice so yeah that's what
these three musketeers are doing over
here over here is our admin side so this
is where we're gonna run operations the
non filming type stuff and as you can
see is dark as a motherfucker and all of
this break this faux brick this hell of
dark and we thought it was gonna be a
yeah it's so dark that now at the
cameras buckety I brought a flashlight
yeah I came prepared
it's so dark to the point were like yo
you know what I mean like you don't want
to be a dungeon you wanna pass sensor
can look hipster be like urban
industrial and all that so this is
supposed to be the conference room and
some of the jobs looks kind of cheap to
I can hire a professional but you got
like this freakin cardboard recycled
whiteboard type thing going on here and
then I think they're covering up the
walls because we're gonna end up
painting the ceilings white oh they
didn't awesome because before this it
was even worse the ceilings were like if
you can look at that that a crack over
there is dark grey and we're like yo the
brick is hella dark the ceilings are
over here this the ceilings dark but we
like this place a fucking dungeon yo it
actually looks way better on camera than
a dozen person but it didn't achieve
what we want we're gonna get rid of that
light right there that was the old light
we're gonna put some new don't lighting
this is a Joe's room right here so I got
a brainstorm come together and make this
place a little more lighthearted there's
got too much of this dark brick shit
going on you know I think was just uh
to me this is lazy designing it's lazy
designing when
they just go but this everywhere you
know like you want accents if someone
goes yo how do you what kind of clothes
do you want to kind of clothes you want
to wear you don't just go blue you know
you go all we get the blue tie
get the white dress shirt the baby-boom
cuffs
with the brown shoes or whatever you
know and then you want to build it in
we're paying big bucks but we didn't get
what we wanted so this is my office
right here and they haven't painted the
ceiling yet as you can see but this
would be my office and I'll probably be
vlogging in here a little bit and then
the one part that I am pretty happy with
though is the barber brigade office but
I think they masked it so I can't show
you any of that stuff yeah this is about
this whole section right here from here
to here that's all barbell brigade it's
a thing that's like almost almost 800
square feet or something like that but
yeah as you can hear there are people
working so oh yeah David's gonna be in
here this is David's office duh duh it's
hella dark as you can see which is why I
brought my flashlight but yeah there's
people working I'm gonna get out of here
I'm away for everyone else to arrive and
then I hope we can get some
brainstorming going on and fix this
place up and salvage this place - some
of you guys maybe you guys are like bad
you know bread you can dress it up the
problem is we didn't pay mad money for
that's not bad you know I mean like if
you start paying for wiring money and
then you get like a freaking like
Hyundai or something like that you're
like what the fuck you know if you pay
if we played for wiring money we at
least got a BMW or Mercedes but still be
not a big problem the problem is we pay
for our own money and we
a fucking used Nissan truck that's the
problem right there
but everyone is here now and we're gonna
have our brainstorm meeting and see what
we want to do at this place
where's David David Casey - and Joe's
taking a picture of the wall because
we're gonna have a big old mural here
and it's gonna look really cool now my
camera is about to die so I gotta cut it
off right here I'm gonna grab David and
Casey and start brainstorming and I'll
be talking with something really cool
