how are you so weird it's so early in
the morning it's like 8 a.m. and you're
freaking weird already I was born do you
admit it you're weird no big weird up
big weirdo weirdo fine you're not a
weirdo I love you
good morning beautiful people today buh
buh buh buh buh buh buh oh I didn't give
him his medications just yet but today
is going to be a fun day we're going to
get to hang out with our friends right
now
Phil and I believe possibly west of Wong
foo um they asked us to work on a little
project with them so we're waking up
early this beautiful Sunday morning just
so that we can make it out to our friend
shoot little hate us and support them on
the Phil wake up oh so humbled on the
weekend
wake up so that they even see any
potential thank you guys thank us thank
you filling or thank you can Terry yeah
I can't wait to see them I feel great
I'm absolutely hello it should with them
and I just and I'm gonna have so oh my
boy food it it's gonna be awesome whose
we are gonna make that I'm gonna give us
so much positive feedback it's gonna be
awesome for our lives okay and then we
have the funny the funny for fana bitch
hey funny for fine avenge key and then
we have brig over there who's stealthily
has been uh digging out a hole that we
didn't even notice move on come here
move aw dammit well look she's getting
up out of her hole that is fun would
move you guys would be able to see but
yeah we haven't noticed that brig has
been digging this damn hole and I think
she just likes the way the cold cool
dirt feels but this my bitches
something cool that I think I'm going to
start doing is I think I'm going to
start building out like a little like
obstacle course for them so that they
have something more than just to chew
toys and each other to play around with
in the backyard
um because at the moment they really
love hanging out with us holy crap I
couldn't I couldn't complete my sentence
because let's see if it could focus and
if it reaches that far you see that
little glistening thing in the back of
the yard right right there what is that
right there that's a big pot of shit I
just stuck out its fawns finally takes
those fucking massive size shits and
then Prague is full of dirt she's
probably gonna want to come inside full
of dirt look at all that dirt on her leg
you little dirty daddy
bit cutie pie on even when did you have
that mark on your head I think you're
dirty on your head - god damn it Pookie
but anyway I want to build a little
obstacle course for them back here so
it's a lot of like Home Depot stuff that
I can buy like - being um different
pipes so that they can like go in and
underneath them and jump on them and
just be little crazy wild animals in the
backyard but anyway uh we are about to
go get some coffee so that we can have
some energy for today's shoot a we just
finished the shooting with Wong foo and
now we're shooting for Baba we got this
bad boy we got that guy what time ji oh
shit oh no oh no oh no it's having time
hey nice camera I got that same one
except worser no I think mine is worser
one and it's all in the dentin oh yes
it's mine this
that's here I was telling my Khan not to
put his angle this way because it makes
this something really bad you don't even
use your screaming looks like looking at
it no I keep looking at it and then my
eyesight will be up here and then I'm
not talking to these beautiful people so
make me look good
how do you do it this way what you think
like this no you can't tuck in your chin
anymore what I look this way them now
you look here Yeti ladies
Amy yeah oh no it was like 6220 against
the stache on Twitter oh shit see 240 I
guess that was about me yeah yeah that
was that was eighty percent I was I was
actually seventy thirty and I went with
the old dang that's still a hundred
that's great what do you think Dean what
this - boy I like keep it yeah Luigi -
bro dude Twitter adding that spunk
it was 70/30 against it on Twitter 70/30
I guess it may be they accept you for
who you are that's what I think Brian
that's what I think I appreciate you Lou
well what about you guys over here what
do you think anything should it keep
this - Bubba yeah we don't know I don't
know I like it I think she felt bad
right yeah I mean you labor you look
like you're gonna wear a white cloth and
then sewing I mean I don't know I mean
you just look like you're part of that
crew or you if you shave your head I'm
not gonna do that I'm gonna go show you
- you know you kind of look like a cop
yeah yeah that's why I get off you do
look like a cop yeah couples don't shave
your head knows more like a cop I was
gonna go stash fix - and then a light
kind of like Lou here means ice cream
yeah light loose sexy and now I was
gonna say sexy yeah sexy the pusher oh
my god look at it ladies look at his
pinch those cafes Oh God yeah we
measured those last holy shit I think
his calves are bigger than his arms
right yeah yeah they were yes your those
are you guys kiss big bro
I don't have arms or calves or anything
so I sure fucka sounds like that you
must have a big we we do actually look
I'm doing this for five minutes now he's
been saying bye for like ever
how is this my house a black dog I have
to pee
come on oh my god you had a fever your
sillies ticklish she's sick
hey everything a happy pig Bobby back up
double team all right
hi I'm filming of course had to do blood
cells
distributing the Me's
you know this is the majority like it's
written we got the small size look at
large yeah oh you got heard her say
small for you
I said large that's what she said uh I
heard got one sided ah I thought you got
larger okay it's alright would you get I
got real they didn't have oh I got my
sides right there should be greens - we
shouldn't charge us for it about
possibly we're probably in there or not
hey Mitch cobbler what is she uh alright
got my blood so fix I thought it was
bomb bar is gonna claim that I'm saying
there's two locations it's one and where
are we at Compton
there's another one in Hollywood and I
feel like they're both pretty close not
even the same are you kidding me it's
the same company of course it can be the
same always be concerned
I've never heard that are in all
restaurants Wilson tasted something
whole they never do that I don't know I
feel like it tastes the same he says the
different shoes are better nike la or 90
tokyo BAM
same company motherfucker they're both
good no the quality doesn't change the
quality still the same still the same
exact like the shoe but it's just the
spy on the colorways Asylum like this
can't get with all the sauce this all hi
what's the verdict saleable in Hollywood
it all makes the right choice Mike it
almost seems like two different
restaurants the other one the all came
out dry the other one came out dry the
meat was good at the other one but not
only was the mean a little bit drier a
little less tender this one's just
doused and covered in foil and sauce
this is kind of what I expect from
barbecue place quote-unquote ghetto
barbecue place yeah the reason why he
says it's get us this is where we're
sitting Mike here right see that there's
like a bunch of junk there I like I'm
behind a fence here if you see this you
know foil is I don't know
barbecue invented it seems like it yeah
veggies that way yeah so like foil the
reason I've been after you Barbican you
smoke it sweats
yeah they throw Tiffany oil and let it
sweat for an hour and that's what
get reabsorb into the meat and so it
gets extra juicy the other place and
they're too classy for foil the place
look classic it look classic suicide
hipster down yeah there's like
chalkboard wall with like bringing the
patrons can write little spooky messages
yeah and the reason why it's so ghetto
it's because it just looks like this
back here and then people park right
here the trash is right there so it's
pretty good out huge boulder so good Oh
traveler though look at that crust oh
you can son that crust hard
look at his hands though that's not
delicious I first had peach cobbler when
I was in the Boy Scouts
maybe needles count now I fucked up -
got it - kings Upton how's the Boy
Scouts and then gates count okay Tess
can we hug um when Kathy I think I was
like why is your thumb covered in crap
though oh my god I went to a summer camp
we wrote out into the forest with the
horses
each cobbler they've done a whole lot of
forest is here in la San Bernardino all
right they've dug this hole underneath
the fire pit that we had the campfire
when they buried the school and kettle
lightning so they buried the peach
cobbler and it cooked under fire
delicious sauce working that's how we
smoked up pig one time my uncle's had a
barbecue oh yeah I'm in a pit
yeah come on Alexa can do that if you
like at our cow has everything yeah and
then like for luaus to the wine I do
that to the gold awful rocks of them put
the
boy
I don't put it that way
he's a microwave I don't even cook wait
isn't microwave we I was going to take a
picture and control thanks to my
father's perhaps like a picture and then
be like and you'll really got our
kitchen on today
you should actually because people think
you and I wear the same size you are
wear the same shoes yeah
the hilarious
order how many of them are actually
going to believe you what look like this
to them
oh and they think you don't add filters
on your pictures and I'm insecure so I
add filters all my pictures really
that's what I say
yeah you know we both posted the longfin
picture doesn't ask them I know they're
like oh part doesn't add pictures and
filters to his pictures and you add
filters all the users Dom everyone else
okay
and and I love it majority of our fans
are smart enough and you know these guys
are trolls but they're smart up to be
like you're stupid in the knave more
like yeah those are fans cuz they
fucking Rock
all right baby lark
you say we'll really know who's watching
the vlogs let's go ahead let's go Juno
and then alright alright ma mama bear
Willie Willie hook this up today
is the yummiest these she ever ever with
the w
mama barely hooked it up today this is
the yummy things ever made
tag genome course
and then
oh my god mama bear will hold it up
today this is the yummy things you ever
made you both of now would really know
who the fans are they'll say it let's
see what the common see all right so
we're having dinner
I'm having some lasagna that I made that
he made that Bart made I made him some
what is this slobbing a photo struct
oh it's route sorry what do I like to do
is uh so I'm a fuckin beef guy I love
beef like a motherfucker but I know like
get the best health if you alternate all
your protein sources and all your carb
sources and stuff like that so I could
get a mixture of nutrients I'm like I
have a a fish and like a week I'm gonna
get some fish so I ordered shout just
for the signature but it lists it now it
looks great okay let's see you got some
summer oh nice so there's some smart
people that are I don't get trolled
jority of our fans yeah but there's some
people that are done they get trolled so
easily like when I double my first
people that I see out like 132 and then
they control so when they get trolled I
call them gullible but when they fight
back with pure ignorance I call them
fucking idiots and I don't want them
watching our show anyway we're gonna
enjoy food now but first let me know how
Gio's Charlie's how's the sauce that I
did good job
Oh get up Oh the sauce alright try it
oh I killed it okay I'm gonna eat the
lasagna that Bart made me now back home
now and I'm being Thea Gio right now and
I'm watching Isaac taking care of Isaac
because it's mama and Casey are working
right now what did we just do together
right now Isaac oh you're helping me
with my homework you know so you bought
me this beautiful Legos oh wow you give
me so much credit yeah I was helping you
with your homework that you did a great
job the math problems we were killing it
there were just some problems they were
yeah they were pretty hard but you know
I know you had the answer but I think
the steps that you used I think I think
you're too smart that's what happened
but you did a great job what would what
Legos did you pick out show me the box
or show them the box lego jurassic world
why did you pick Legos because I love
Legos and they're the best and and why
Jurassic Park cuz you were gonna pick
Batman and then you're gonna pick
Star Wars and then you pick Jurassic
Park what happened there if he says he
didn't because there was this big one
that I wanted but they had didn't have
it there and there was this other Lego
Batman that I wanted that they do have
they're so much more like helicopters
and dinosaurs sound like I should buy
this one and also you were very sweet
you're like Oh Theo um I don't want you
to spend so much money on me so I'm
gonna pick a cheap one
yeah jayna look for cheap wood that's
very nice that's super sweet of you and
I like your shirt because it has my
favorite on it you wanna beat some me
where can i buy that shirt i want one
I forgot what I got okay I'll stop
bothering you can go back to your
building remember um when you you bought
left to go have a meeting yeah and me
and Julia and my mom and then tell me
where they're I think so yeah away okay
and then I had that um apple ginger
ginger here juice I forgot me to my room
but that's where I got it cool but there
are only kids I don't know oh man go
order one yeah I'll look thank you okay
you can go back yeah so me and Isaac I'm
doing some work over here and then I got
these girls before I came home I got
them a bone that Fani could care less
about but brig is just going up town
you're killing it bringing look at that
that death grip though look at that look
at that grip your big cutie it's her
training
you like that brig II dang whoa you
scared us get this one so this is what
you should be able to do with your dogs
without them ever biting mean this is
respect huh you expect me here good girl
does if they ever grow at you that means
they see you as an equal if not they see
they see themselves as more alpha over
you and that's never ever ever ever ever
good you want your pets to respect you
to protect you to know that you are the
package I know I sound like Cesar Millan
right now and it had
got to that dude but yeah that's
basically it you have to have dominance
over your pup and I'm not saying like
beat them or anything that no no you
respect them too but they need an over
the leaders cutie boy love those paws
look at that paw that grip though silly
girl anyone he massaged my money you
relax Lou you feel good it's a higher
here it's really down no is that look
for ah fucking massager Oh
