good morning guys so I'm super excited
because I'm always showing different
products and services with you guys and
I'm always stating this is not sponsored
but if they want to sponsor me so I
finally got the attention of someone
back I think like a few months back
maybe even almost a year ago Bart and I
did 23andme
and I in that video I'm like this video
is not sponsored and now we get to
include our baby tyka in the whole
23andme breakdown and this is really
cool it's actually going full circle
because when we did the reports we
looked at it from a very this is me this
is where I'm coming from and this is
used as where my Bears coming from but
now we get to look at the reports and go
oh cool our finished product that we
made and eventually when he gets older
it might even be cool to have him do
that test which is really easy all that
is is a little saliva tube and you just
spit in it so doesn't hurt you don't
like pull blood or anything like that
but because you know I'm a big wuss and
I'm not about to pull or draw any sort
of blood um but Bart is correct you just
literally spit in this file and you
mailed it off so if you don't know what
23andme is I'm looking at this stuff
this is very science II and yes I was a
bio major but I forgot everything but
pretty much 23 me it's based off
studying the human genome so it's call
23 because every single human being has
23 chromosomes so it's studying your DNA
your genetic traits where you came from
sleep patterns or caffeine consumption
all kinds of stuff do you guys want to
know about my ancestry first or do you
want to know about some of the more
particularly things like a muscle what
can I do sure
alright if you're giving me that option
I'm sure everyone else that's watching
is gonna be with me here so there is a
muscle composition take off your shirt
show me a six-pack I can't believe that
too bad there's you dead easily
that was perfect high-five Shh know what
I would like to know is I think what the
rest of whoever is watching this video
would like to know and that's literally
our traits so we have reports here and
one of them is traits and it breaks down
everything that like like the asparagus
order detection bitter taste even like
wax ear wax types so ancestry
composition reviewing what we found out
last time so for me I am I am Wow Wow
I'm 98% East Asian and I'm 1.8% European
and this I'm surprised no but you guys
know or you know so the reason why I'm
1.8 percent European and it actually
explains itself is my great-grandpa I
heard distant from my dad he ran like a
herbal trading company back in like the
1800s and he went all the way to Peru to
get all kinds of herbs and stuff so he
married someone that was Peruvian and
because they're proving they're gonna
have not only the Native American blood
but also the Europeans I guess that's
where the 1.8 percent comes from because
it is my great-great grandma or right my
grandma yeah but not my uh not my
great-great grandma but the part that I
am pretty surprised which I thought was
really cool is outside outside of being
East Asian or inside of being East Asian
I'm 78% Chinese big surprise
3% Korean and 1% Mongolian and then just
4% broadly East Asian and here's that
Peruvian set so one thing I thought was
really cool I don't mean to brag there's
a muscle composition sector bar I can't
believe your dad's that lame scarabs
fine but your genetic muscle composition
is common in elite power athletes so I'm
a big like fan of colors so already when
I saw this map I was like oh
just cuz it's so pretty but anyway
that's not even the important part oh
they break it down for like the dumbest
person like myself to understand so I'm
sixty eight point five European but you
know what's crazy
I'm sub-saharan African and Middle
Eastern which is really really cool
no really I really enjoy this interface
because it's super oh god the Internet's
like broken it's super intuitive and
like really easy to navigate and they
break it down and like very simplified
vocabulary because again I'm not the
smartest person I didn't go to very very
very true do you think he's funny no
right I don't think he's funny either
let's just move on goodgoodgood call
take a bit Club I found your stuff
alright so you're not likely to have a
widow's peak is that the information
we're looking for no the muscle oh okay
let's look at this not likely to have a
unibrow so you click on it let's see
what it would have to do you're likely
to have little or no unibrow good job
cuz I would have divorced you if you did
you're not that shallow
you're not that shallow and then unibrow
obviously not me
totaling three show say his second toe
is longer what about mine my second toe
is longer too actually
oh it is okay so he was gonna get that
anyway doesn't get done no matter what
yeah okay okay and then skin he's so
he's like he's lighter skin which is a
parent it's pretty light lighter skin
keep going out of red hair no for
obvious reasons I don't have uh what's
photic sneeze reflex so potent sneeze
reflex is when again a lot of people
they go from a dark room to our bright
room that light causing to sneeze
alright newborn hair amount little baby
here that is numb that that came from
you then the hairs on your side mine
says little baby unlikely uh lighter
skin - okay wait you're says little
where did he get all this hair from but
likely little baby here right so likely
little baby hair Oh
so we're supposed so he's supposed to
have very little baby hair Oh lots of
know there's lots of baby hair and then
there's a little baby here yeah so
here's the more
a percentage 52% of Hispanic see your
size v as a more Wow you keep sneezing
point pretty much both of ours are 50/50
okay fine so it's just it's a flip of a
coin no you guys so much hair though
baby no all right let me go back to my
lessons from this is fun actually it is
really fun because I get to see who
screw them up I feel like we're
comparing answers like Oh fine lightly
well hair likely dark which is pretty
spot-on
yeah mine's like leave dark um hair
curliness likely Street or wavy likely
straightaway V is mine yours okay so he
did get straight and wavy but we don't
know yet because it's still baby cutie
pie I like it with a little sweet it
looks straight until you start sweating
and then it gets really waving it's
matter like that
okay freckles obvious you know freckles
finger length likely ring finger longer
what meters longer no it's not longer
than index finger oh oh yeah - -
anything that you don't know you could
always go in and just click it real
quick yeah - to see oh yeah
you are likely to have a longer ring
finger than an index finger oh he does I
don't know actually
you see if he'll let me open his hand up
cute I don't know they're all the same
length all three of these fingers are
the same length so cute my boy okay um
where did I leave up okay I color likely
dark eyes mine's dark eyes - yeah I'm
sorry you don't have exotic looking eyes
it's perspective fine he was living in
Finland did that Wow he's so excited
yeah you are exotic my boy I'm sorry
your mom stone yeah okay your lobe type
likely detached which I haven't you
don't have it attached but mine's likely
attached up but yours is attached that's
it yeah look all fine it's here it's
attached and mine's detached like
there's like this at all am i I don't
even know if I'm zoomed in on my ears
yeah it is
yep yeah it's like - yep what do you got
my boy come see mama
okay a cleft chin okay well yeah cheek
dimples which is not true cuz he's got a
dimple and I got a dimple do you it was
a dimple hmm oh you do have a little
dimple why me nothing nothing
it was likely no dimples on mine yeah
mine too but I do have a dimple sweet
taste o preferred salty cuz I'm a salty
person what about yours - is likely
preferred salty was a lie it is because
you prefer a lot of sweets
french toast Perry case mmm okay what
about bitter taste what's your say
likely can taste might mine too you know
what's tough about mine though this is a
bald spot likely not likely no bald spot
Oh interesting maybe they don't have
that see this is a reason why everyone
has to contribute or not everyone has to
but the more people that contributes the
better because we can help make a poool
the human genome or yeah cuz right now
they're just basing information on what
they have and the more people that are
able to send in their saliva then they
can they can get even more and more in
depth with each one of these results
yeah this is super cute I don't know if
there's anything else I want to know
about my boy I think I mainly cared
about the traits and who he got what
from and apparently you got all the good
goods from mama and I hope he gets this
under male hair loss it says you're not
likely to experience hair loss before
I'm 40 and my hair but isn't it from the
mom Silas thick thick set of hair so
hopefully you can get that from me uh
whose run am on tight or not let me see
lactose intolerant likely tolerance oh
that's good but a male hair loss trigger
so if you go down it actually tells you
if 80 percent of males experience hair
loss you see that yeah so it's good
thing that he if he gets my gene and he
won't really get it whoa let's hope you
get pappas and not mamas yeah so these
reports they go really in depth is like
all kinds of stuff there's like history
other factors age hormone levels yeah
even on the Mayan it says like deep
sleep caffeine consumption lactose
intolerance so if you like what you see
here and it's really really fun to be
honest I highly recommend doing it with
a friend because then you could just
guys can compare
couples - it's cute couples family
members yeah Fran I think it's really
fun go to 23 at me calm and you can sign
in there and you get this box you spit
into - put it back in the box
everything returned shipping that's
already all packaged send it back in and
just wait a couple weeks and they break
down all of the stuff that you probably
don't even know because I bet I could
take this information and take it to my
pops and go I bet you didn't know about
his mind dad you're a part Mongolian and
Korean and also this yeah so this is
really really awesome but yes definitely
jump on the opportunity for everything
that Bart said it was a lot of fun I get
to share it with my boy and I can't wait
till he gets older so that I could do it
with him um and then we can kind of just
see where everything's at so we will
leave the link in the description box
below help yourself to that just you
know visit the website just check it out
like I said it's super easy to navigate
everything's broken down very layman's
terms like dude like if I can understand
it everyone else in the rest of this
world will be able to understand it so
any other words any final thoughts no
all right guys well thank you so much
for watching and yeah hey to us we're
finally getting a sponsored video and
see you guys next time bye bye
