so David you'll see my new truck yes
it's outside it's right next to yours by
the way this is just a cameras secret of
the train that you guys don't know every
time I try to see something new of his
yo estas me so you can fuckin record it
you bitch as well stop the metonic
Cam'ron okay yep I'm gonna get a camper
to put the dogs in though oh so when you
guys go oh the BMW does
I've always liked a Toyota Tacomas me
too I think it's like the perfect sized
truck
me too cuz you know like the Tundra's
and everything else they're like the
full-size monsters you can't really go
anywhere in the city with them yeah but
shit like this is perfect you can
actually drive around like a sedan god
damnit motherfucker
I was actually deciding between like a
Tundra f-150 and this and all that man
in LA it's just so hard to get around
and those trucks are actually meant for
work so if like if I'm gonna be driving
around by myself most of the time or
with Geo I can't justify like driving
like a five six thousand pound car
that's true my myself and you got the
regular capsule Maisie did you pull the
back camera oh yeah these are hooked up
there's a backup camera right here
that's crazy dude and also they have a
hydraulic thing so it just doesn't just
drop anymore cuz before you should just
drop now oh shit I'm living inside arson
here I know there that's fucking crazy
hey there's a soccer I do the blood
stuff in I want the fuck so you could
kidnap somebody yes I feel like plug in
a stove or a light if we go can't being
happy yeah she's to the US no true oh
you didn't know it came afterwards
what else are you do this I'm a lift it
a little bit put a camper and I want to
put like a lumen on bumper in the front
on the back oh shit
and then a roof rack are you gonna put
the fuck you lights on top oh yeah just
a light bar oh shit the interior this
cunt
yeah I think open it people Robin Danny
look at the interior in this car is
crazy I know for a truck is pretty good
dude it took Toyota Tacomas the tears
were ugly for the longest time for a
long long long time no so I think they
thought it was only for work but then
people started driving because they
actually enjoyed it see I knew I
should've got it Scott my dad told me
not to get a truck cuz he was like
that's dumb he's dumb but you know your
your car is way nicer though don't
matter so front turn on the new Tacoma
does the coma still don't come with
leather or anything like that but in all
honesty I don't give a fuck about little
Barry I think that number one another's
longevity is a lot shorter and then on
top of it like I don't know if I'll keep
the car for that long I like the way
that
Patrick sister or a lot more comfortable
resources often so
because of the GoPro Mario do what the
fuck that's insane Ibaka's you can just
buy the GoPro it's after five bucks
that's great they put under way a big
car with the car is the accessory to the
gulp room yeah and another fucking
sunroof yeah fucking
the part that's fucked up those right
here there's these scratches on top
right here
oh shit and it's on the other side hands
dude yeah so what happened was the
transport company it was on one of those
two level transport companies and then I
don't think they adjusted the height
level correctly so when they're hitting
bumps I think the top level starts
smashing but then the good thing is like
as soon as I got that truck I was like
what the fuck is this and then they're
like oh shit we're gonna pay for a
hundred percent so don't fix it and it's
just body damage I just get like go
ahead yeah so there's it gonna they're
gonna fix it 100% it's not gonna be on
CARFAX cuz it's not like an auto
collision or anything like that
and then they're gonna take it to a
Toyota tent it's it's really intense Joe
called it aerodynamic debts I know
that's why that's why I didn't notice it
it looks like some of those by monster
power loop is the back of their heads
yeah hold it yeah that's fucking crazy
out of never knows I know did you see me
design the twins yeah they're they're
gonna take it to a Toyota collision
center so they'll bring it back to
factory wouldn't they can do the free at
the file fetish filing the paperwork
oh the back's a little tight yeah really
fits me back here but no the back of
think they're saying this it's perfect
for average average high people yeah but
like if you're like tall if you're six
feet plus it's not for you hey at least
they put one but the divot on top
they have a different unit for head
height oh that's not bad yes it's like
you sure
but I think it still just met it's not
meant mainly for passengers it's just
for me and in case people need to jump
in and they can jump in
this truck man thank you I'll show you
once I get the lift and all the other
stuff to hell yeah dude force to us
fuck this card back is shit
David super proud of you because I know
is one of your new year's resolutions to
get healthy and get sexy and you made
this nasty-ass chicken with broccoli for
most pork let's park his MATLAB porks
better than chicken it's not nice you
should try Peas any no I can't eat your
food ya know cuz I used to meal prep and
chicken breasts tastes like shit not the
way I cook it so the grill
oh damn well chicken breasts in general
is hard because the the dry point is
super dry finicky I know but with most
of this blue - I just do it based off
flavor so as long as i season okay that
I must salty it too much you're pretty
good okay otherwise oh yeah what's not
fun to say
how many of these de are dated I mean it
really depends
so right now Cheryl has me not counting
everything yes they'll be mindful of
fats because that's where I forgot the
most yeah cuz even when I just generally
checked on on the three day part yeah my
card was super low my proteins were okay
but my faster I had a 120 grams but you
know like the best food always has like
the high spots hell yeah so that's what
I was fuckin up but he told me just to
have hit about 160 grand 470 grams of
protein and just don't over 2700
calories but I'm still trying to be
mindful of my fats because that's where
everything just starts to fuck up and
have you been training with cleef
training with Khalif monday was he
Friday's he does way different than
parlor pieces a lot more difficult I
mean that's not difficult it's difficult
in a different way it's more cardio
intensity yes it's extremely cardio
intensive so like my my heart's all
hurting and shit
pretty supersets everything yeah and
then we always hit 15 minutes of
Stairmaster before and then we cool down
with a job at the end so I just fucking
hate them in to Thursday's or my cardio
bit I'm gonna be doing that shit
probably in like a couple months when
I'm trying to get lean you trying to hit
your bench well first I got my
powerlifting goals once I hit that then
I'm just gonna maintain and then the
rest of it is gonna be more like a
plyometric cardio endurance based stuff
so a lot more circuits and running and
sprints you're probably gonna die
because you've been like on this feeding
frenzy dude you're like a great white
shark
I know my cardio sucks ass told you
are you ready to film what what did you
just say to me shoes though
oh damn nigga watches look what arches
hydrating rate with Alcantara no thank
you
that's the shit thank you and by the way
I've never tasted a single thing that
David had made that taste nasty oh
that's true you know he cooks really
good but I just know that the basic
ingredient of chicken breast is not my
most favorite meat you have to try -
fine I can do to him there's plenty more
okay all rollers thank you better pray
he'll make me food it's fucking bomb
she's like a small window where it
becomes dry on the chicken breast I'm
just gonna hey do you guys got twinsies
shoes yeah first time wearing it - how
did you guys end up getting twinsies
shoes cuz we follow a lot of shoes a
sides on ihe and then you show me a
picture so we've both been on the market
for our cheese and we wanted Japan we
were on a quest to find the perfect pair
but I didn't see anything I like he
found some but they were like how how
much were they there like 160 and what
was your limit on the y-axis I mean
every time we 122 by 100 so you don't
want to pay over market Valley and God
you know he showed me a set that he
follows you show me this colorway and
I'm like I want those he's like I got
the hook-up my
channel 2 Harvey thank you
so you guys both got the same / yes wait
my Cucuy exam like that muhfucka smooth
suede Oh Sam the smooth twinsies
we asked the board for lunch and Savoy
told you guys before but they
specialized in Hainan chicken and it's
my chin which is a motherfucker but what
they do is they cook the meat and the
rice and chicken broth but one little
known fact is that the chicken broth
itself for making all that chicken is
bond to so I'm put the camera inside the
soup so you can see what it looks like
just kidding on mine I do that but it's
delicious chicken soup soothes the soul
are you doing the camembert I'm writing
your car information so that I can get
insured always saying that
yeah information is for the Telma
everybody purchase your car oh I don't
remember anything before New Year's or
afternoon
it was after New Year's yeah this make
up like a week ago
so going that special work it's a
purchase right your planet yep you know
the mileage expected annual mileage
expected I know Mom yeah I three
thousand we live so close oh yeah extra
me I'm extra hungry today I need to get
my proteins in that's one of my goals
this year David is I'm extra protein
easy call did I know gotta start
somewhere when you eat now you just eat
whatever yeah right now so that's a
problem is now that I'm not on a diet I
don't hit my protein macros which which
is I get like the freedom makes it easy
for me to eat and I get to enjoy a lot
of things but that does hinder my
strength growth so you still need to be
more you have to be mindful still
watching I still gotta be mindful of at
least protein if I want to get stronger
and build muscle so you can't just be a
shit ton of carbs and fat so you have to
make sure that the protein is there
because then I'll turn into a sumo
wrestler yeah that's right
regular with whisking oh you got one to
dance joke no skin is me I got whiskey I
got that circumcised chicken oh yeah
that skinless circumcised
oh and one of my goals is also to get
more vegetables so I can have nice
smooth poops yes oh that's my bear
mother likes that white me oh right here
thank you
- for some rice and salad
oh my god I said you get down here I
just touched an arm Oh what is this so
delayed oh you were snoring like crazy
oh oh should even be talking to me like
this then if you're gonna be a tongue
player little what ha watch it'll go
away
yeah come in it'll go away come here
you're a perfect human being similar for
Martin Oh what was what it'll make you
feel better you thought we might slap
you down ahead no read how much chances
look what now wait I'm just I'm busy
once your sisterly love
all right look I know older sister I
never wanted but still having a happy
what I feel this is connection I did
always want to older sister though but
and I did get one but not the one that I
wanted okay
what do you fool watch what I already
watched it what was it it was Davis
sleeping and then what and then you try
to sneak up on him but then he pulled a
fast one because your as a spoken so
huge it's like a shaking the ground I
didn't even notice that it was a body
next to me I just noticed the part of
the hand so I just went boom fuck you
dude liquid you sneaky man mm-hmm
you be good at sticking up on each
other's hell yeah what torture those
guys no I'm not I'm not
Barzini torture fuck yeah sneaky mom hi
he's giving in I was a man out already
done did to zoom in I've done did it
what the hell are you doing over there
oh you look like a chola on camera cuz
the the flannel looks like a giant
flower doesn't look like a poncho speak
your native tongue I almost ready to
roll hold on I wish had a laptop I'm not
that good of a long hyper on the ball
yeah as much as a you guys are seasoned
pros
I hate phone emails me too
I can type fast on the phone I just I
just can't think you know when the
screen is that small I just can't think
yeah I know what you're talking about
that's why I I got a new keyboard for my
iPad so I just carried that around yeah
now but then of course
cuz I could type hella fast on the cell
phone I could type it almost as fast I
can type on a regular keyboard really
yeah I could type really fast you saw
what happens when I try to type fast
yesterday fucking typos galore and shit
because I have it I have a memorize
tears I can just go but even I don't
even look at what I'm writing so I
haven't memorized but then just that
little space on my phone I don't have
enough breathing room of like and like
every time like go as the text is going
across
I don't even finish my thought and
already starts another line so it
distracts me yeah so I can't really
write emails on my phone I just
but the Apple keyboard for my iPad so
it's very those two things together yeah
my eye patch okay
all right are you ready are you ready
are you ready the tablet oh I don't know
who is he
turn on what the Julie I think about
this I'm not I do this thing
are you ready oh that's it huh I see oh
all right rolling motherfuckers time for
the second do you rollin rollin and
rollin osku P air was falls on airplane
but rollin osku P all three cameras
rolling I got a always good now I can't
even snap with that fingers broken
BAM sync them ready ready okay yes seven
minutes guys
before we start do you love anybody
thank you so we finished a long day of
shooting
just kidding news and I've been missing
shabu-shabu for a while now and not just
shabu-shabu questions and ruby
shabu-shabu stove about this place
is they also got yakitori got all kinds
of Japanese food and it all tastes legit
like I really like the clam miso soup
which are probably the order and I'm
gonna take my time without a bit in a
while and I'm a look through the menu oh
you know I can't have alcohol Oh
skewers you know what I like I like
hearts they're pretty yummy probably get
some hearts I'm probably gonna get it
was the tongue that I like beef tongue
off beef tongue I like beef tongue
that's bomb so beef tongue hearts and
pork belly affirmed again and we get
that and then now you're trying to get
sushi or sashimi Oh neat probably got to
get the Australian Japanese beef chutney
I roll yeah and I usually like to get
with the clear broth I like the taste of
the meat it tastes pretty good when um
it's not flavor and you get that beefy
flavor in there I just get down anything
else imma get I don't think so what do
you guys would you like to get you guys
just get beefs how much me you're gonna
get gonna get double order beef I might
have to cuz I still
I'll do it with you cuz I don't want you
to do it alone
I'll do double order meat with you oh
this one baguette miso soup with clams
Joe put me on this this is so delicious
that's what i'ma get oh if you guys come
here on a Tuesday from 6 p.m. to 8 p.m.
this is hella cheap $12 when it's
usually like 30 bucks
but let me has really good quality
though
oh yeah
that's crazy he's building up for her
for them chicks so what happened David
so lovely fans of ours that bought us a
couple of seconds
thank you thank you for buying it for us
dan you guys are alcoholics huh Oh real
oh this says she says she know you can't
drink it
you can't drink on the job yeah yeah you
guys I've seen you it's me I'll just
drink water
oh yeah I got a drive-in speech
thank you thank you
kill the rest David get drunk oh yeah
yeah that's true forgot after at some
point oh that's true I know we all were
all on empty stomachs right out to
everybody yeah are you are you friends
to stab how do you know his name
all right yes I got pork belly oh my
goodness you know I missed you haven't
got a long time I got to to just order
another one
what's that really like about pork belly
is how fatty and flavorful this guy is
you there's like the meat part and then
it's right into the fat and the flavor
of the faculty to the meat
cuz I honest buck I mean Japanese at
Kotori they put over smoke instead of
charcoal oh you got like a charcoal
smoke that all this adventure is so good
with blue sukiyaki we didn't get there
uh on me awesome
next up the beat TZ languid Segen that
smoky flavor and the beat and beat some
what's up comes off the grill out here
if you wait oh shit is just dripping on
me if you wait then it hardens up so
this one else me throw as soon as it
comes up
oh she had days and she had paid the
shopping shop on a sheet of paper she I
ate sukiyaki
all the time because I used to watch all
this Korean like children so she gets
Ike Ike the fuck something we would eat
it for a body month straight so much
weight it is a must rate of that that's
crazy not your mom grandma his network
but she still was like people that's the
asian mom hustle that's why I like those
your eyes with you gotta think about it
like this so she ran a business I run
about 80 hours a week but she was also
in charge of cooking all the time so she
worked literally my mom and dad were on
every day of the week for like in 20
years down so and then she still came
home on me made us food make sure we had
lunch and dinner every time that Asia
hustle yeah you had me some you complain
about
I don't know you're at that time what
are you complaining about
yeah what's the significance of that
yoke over there
what is that Joe is out Tama dip the
beef in the yoke is that the traditional
sukiyaki well cappy's the clam the clam
down miso soup good and you got the
clams in there the miso makes an extra
seafoody it is delicious and then my
chicken hearts game I try the usual put
on doubt try it
you got China is the shipment for you
sir let me see let me see
as a citrus flavor
fucked up I wanted chicken gizzard but
actually ordered hearts so good
especially this arm whatever I love dr.
Troy Japanese barbecue which is very
small quantities what white is so
delicious it's not like Korean barbecue
small but heavy labor is so I'm have
been any but time to eighty like
before I chop down this is my final look
at my meal I got 12 ounces of Australian
Chuck I the measles the double rice the
soda extra ice of course the ponds easy
and the yakitori zis and then the
lettuce season and this evening
everyone's got a brain then after we
shoot JKD the Flies are brazzers wanna
chill you love it I can't feel my face
with you anyone gay massage
I mean you relax Lu you feel good it's a
higher here weekly down no is that look
forward ah we're talking massager
haha
