you know I'm always trying to be more
efficient with my time so a one thing
that I'm pretty happy about is uh I'm in
a rush once again because I got Jake a
party and I just downloaded this
Chipotle app and I'm like oh shit so
what I can do is I can type in my order
and then just pick up the food later so
that way I don't have to wait in line
which is awesome and I got my where is
this you can even see this
I got veggie veggie burrito what
hell no I want to check in what the hell
dude are you kidding me chicken chicken
bro double chicken yes what the fuck all
right white rice no beans
fajita salsa corn yep uh excuse me
guacamole lettuce boom this is why you
got a double check I was about to check
out yes for a Bart at this meal to your
back all right chicken burrito white
rice of fajita veggies no beans extra
chicken tomato salsa roasted chili corn
salsa guacamole lettuce boom and then I
got a pomegranate cherry juice that just
sounded young you never even tried that
before check out now sign in a check out
what dude I don't remember this is what
I hate about hips they freaking always
got a tell you the sign in like how how
did it work without me signing in and
now you need to sign in but I remember
the password for this crap alright let's
try it
I'm pretty sure and now you get a
freaking phone call in the middle of
course which I had to politely hang up
on what does not match the records dude
all right
what the foot all right well you know
what apps are fucking bullshit because I
can't fucking get in here
don't use the app I fucked up with that
anyways I don't even know why I don't
have my pants on yeah and I my shoes but
Gio bought me these for my birthday he's
on one of my favorite shoes the
infrareds and I've been wanting these
ever since I was in high school but I
was too poor and I'm really happy that
Gio got these for me and I got my
clothes laid out already for JK party
but uh okay so that defeat of the whole
purpose I was gonna show you guys a
trick cuz I just came across it today
and I'm like oh guess what what a great
way to save time but I guess that's not
a great way to save time so now I have
to go to Chipotle and stand in line like
everyone else when all else fails you
can always count on McDonald's see I'm
in a rush got damages 20 people in line
but you know what McDonald's
drive-through moves hella fast see see
what happens support let you make the
app extra hard you got a sign in you got
to do all this crazy ass shit and you
lost the customer and I wanted triple-a
to I really wanted a burrito I was
really hungry I really wanted a burrito
I wanted to get that extra meat but you
made it extra hard for me so now I got
to go to my go to which is McDonald's so
they got a drive doing at the save time
you know see maybe instead of building
apps Chipotle maybe you should have
built a drive-through and I could have
drove through your ass and got some
double meat chicken cuz I'm hungry oh
shit I'm about to crash right now better
be careful it's it's uh it's not good to
vlog and drive at the same time
oh shit am i blocking traffic god dammit
I'm fucking up dude this is so bad
everyone's looking at me like oh look at
that
agent driver and you know what the
stereotype is truck fucking up and I'm
making all my other Asian brothers a bad
mom bear yes
did you know that there's artists and
grilled chicken sandwich at McDonald's
how did that happen
oh you made it yourself no just order it
they said it was discontinued Oh Sean
who said that you can work on when I
tried it and Casey experiences no I went
to the speaker box and I was like do you
have artisan grilled chicken sandwich
and they said uh yes and they made it oh
it's not on the menu sometimes if you
order it they'll just make it for you I
asked for the chicken and then the
butter buttermilk chicken yeah yeah
happy go ahead - I don't know how order
that people it's not on the menu but I
got it baby oh and then sound off I
think Jill and Shawn are trying to plan
out ah
the JK party shoot but I'm just
disrupting them my bear
just kidding Hey so the first team have
a timer
hey babe did you know that if you go
through the McDonald's drive-through
that they'll give you an hourglass and
they say if you don't get your sandwich
made in 60 seconds they'll give you a
free sandwich I don't know that that
happened to you
I got an hourglass and they didn't make
the time you bought it not no cuz I was
handling so many texts on the phone I
don't know I would have like 16 I know
but I couldn't even hurt
I know I wanted to they gave me a little
hourglass and they handed it to me I was
holding it in my car cause this big
actually but I did now I was handling a
lot of text so I couldn't I really
wanted to yeah sorry guys I was in the
middle of having a lot of business and
emails while I was riding in our mouths
busiest fuck but that's what happened
okay and she just little walks away I
was talking to you you were and you
moved the camera yeah but I'm just
talking to them I'm talking to you I'm
talking everybody so I got a coupon if
you want a free sandwich oh cool that's
awesome good job adult what you did
today uh I came in the morning I got
some work done worked on the sets met
with Michael shot with myself shot a art
card for his brand deal that we got um
and set up helped or pulled them out to
set up for the games were played today
press for the games which wasn't any
prep well games already playing today by
the way um we have to lick a frog
what yeah we have to look like a real
frog yeah and then no way we have to
dissect uh uh eyeball belonging to a
sheep where's the Frog at oh I want to
lick a frog what is it never mind we're
not playing that oh you're trying to
freaking fool me yeah what do we plan
that for real um we are playing uh we're
doing the no thought really sour note to
that yeah no fellas Judge Michael forgot
his wallet officers don't need the note
I'm just challenged we're doing um heads
up but this is like the adult version so
those there's like things like stripping
and some like that's pretty funny and
then we're doing in all 90s like trivia
thing imma kill it I grew up in the 90s
me too
I hope I kill it to cut their barkas
what 325 for dunno Close Grip yeah it
felt pretty good to fuck I got one or
two more okay well I stopped I stopped
right there though yeah so I don't want
to go to him getting help
yeah it's pretty hard as the first time
I ever touch anything over a 315 on the
close grip ever in your life yeah I
never touched over 350 I'd even touch
315 ever and the 315 felt really good
are you yeah so the guy don't know what
up the homie believe is talking about I
just supposed to be on my Instagram's
see says one hour ago and I hit 325 I'm
pretty happy about this the first time I
ever did a close grip with 315 so when
you do Close Grip it's actually harder
than your regular grip because you can't
really incorporate as much chest it's
just all triceps but a little bit chest
and I'm being poached by a group called
mass dead X right now and they told me
to hit a heavy double so I went for a
heavy double and I was happy to get the
25 I think I could've got 330 or maybe
even 335 but Carla feels all about a
slow gradual progression so I don't want
to go to ham and stop the growth I'd
rather just stay right below the fatigue
curve in keep going Oh mind your bra
important okay so today we're doing the
note thumbs challenge and we're doing it
with a slight twist and the twist is
it's going to be time the persons with
the fast the fastest time wins it's
going to happen is one person's going to
come out at a time because I know you
guys are strategic motherfuckers and if
you see one person do the same thing
over and over again and you guys find
the holes in it you give it all cool
that's all the fucked up that's one we
make it better numbers win so because of
that I'm having everyone wait in the
room one person is coming out at a time
so when the first person comes out
unfortunately they're by themselves but
this is the order of which what you have
to do so as soon as you come out I'll
hand you the tape you have to take your
thumbs like this minutes got it he gets
find out all right well I'll let you
know about this you guys got it right
you got a tape of therms
we're gonna do the whole finger fuck yes
and someone else gonna tape it for us
cuz you know I like to cheat no you know
well I mean I'm gonna achieve and
someone else we need have we need have
official who the fuck is that who the
fuck is that knocking on the door oh oh
okay so let's see your mana Park get the
license yeah do you have a license but
you gotta go on the it's in the
contracts now well we're a film company
so we like to fuck around all day I saw
you doing here just kidding films yes
yes oh yeah she's grabbing right now I'm
sorry did you find it
don't play your own police officer you
freakin weirdo
as 2011 do you have electrolytes like
this like this there it's gonna be green
or light pink okay oh I don't know we
got a look in there yeah oh yeah
right take care of that honor right we
have another location in downtown LA so
it might be any other is there a way we
can get it right in the middle working
right now is it possible where we can
give you the files next time check real
quick if you don't have why not just
give you a notice and I'll be honest
oh okay okay thank you so much okay
we're crazy do we still need one if we
say Mitchell's our friend okay fine wink
wink wink wink
Mitchell's a former mayor will make his
Oh Mitchell
the former mayor get the picture weak
weak weak but I guess they have they
obey the laws around here unfortunately
we're gonna okay thank you thank you
have a great day
so yeah don't cheat yeah yeah so on
don't leave it like make it tight okay
make you some time where it can't move
or anything okay
so you're gonna type you're tying it
yourself you're putting it on yourself
the first thing that you do is you sit
there
tie it do whatever do you're like on
real talk a little bit or whatever on
and then the first thing you do you're
going to grab that pen and you're going
to write cannot write that's the person
second thing you do and this is all for
time so you want to do fast second thing
you're doing is you're cutting the paper
in half you just get the scissors cut it
in half 13 is the third thing that
person is open bottled water
just drink it up to this point don't
wait well up to which plant which point
right there here or the top of the paper
yeah fine uh then you open up the bag of
chips I'll do anything is gonna eat it
but again it's time yet the high one of
your shoes so make sure before you come
in here on time on the shoes shoes
you'll just put your shoe on the table
you just put it on there and then tie it
what if your shoes only has velcro's
nobody shoes has velcro so you're good
and then last ones you take a selfie
okay and then you just get done without
time I was only focusing on business and
in a hurry
watch it bla bla you have to do it okay
no the hands of captain harder here and
once you're done um then you can stay
outside you're gonna stay here so we're
gonna fill it up should we make a window
selfie just with one hand there's way
too easy though I could just stare like
this do you want me to go last cuz I'm
just gonna win how do you take that to
here with one hand it's impossible with
one hand I'm not dumb your hands are
there take this way oh all the fingers
at home oh we all the fingers are tired
yes I kept saying tape it this way oh so
you're like penguin yeah oh wait so you
mean the four fingers are are one finger
now is one dolphin fin that's what
you're saying right here oh I thought it
was like this I showed you know cuz you
cuz you tip only around the thumb yeah
you want demonstration so I could see
what the fuck were doing
it's gonna look like this oh so we can
still we still got you still got finger
dexterity though look at that it's not
all it's not all but oh it's easy
oh that's easy
okay well we can we can write we can't
spread our fingers I mean you shouldn't
it should be 10 up for you sure you both
not should not okay it's just so you're
telling us the rules we have to keep our
fingers together yeah motherfucker
pick up this shit with my two little
finger like yup you're giving people
ideas Joe we're gonna kill it
I'm gonna kill it I was born for this
shit so I just finished filming JK party
and I'm about to go home and then I look
at my car
and I'm like oh shit I forgot to show
you guys like a new car so this is what
I've been wanting for a long time if you
guys were following the vlogs you know
that and I finally got it a 2016 toyota
tacoma and there's a really interesting
story about this car
i actually bought this car on line and
this is the third tacoma that i
add in my life so a lot of people like
what you got a Porsche and your wife got
a Beemer why would you want a Tacoma
want you get like a Ford Raptor or
something crazy like an Escalade well to
me it's nice to have like expensive
stuff but if you had a certain item
before and you really really enjoy and
that's your project more money doesn't
mean better you know and I have my first
lifted truck was back in like 2004 and I
had to tow this coma then then I had a
lowered Tacoma and yes David always
called me a beaner all the time but I'm
a truck guy I've always liked trucks
back in the day when all my buddies had
like civics and Integra's I was like you
know what I want a Jeep Wrangler
I want a 4runner on a tacoma and even
after I got the Porsche and I'm about to
turn the Durango in because that's the
lease I was like you know what I really
really miss having a tacoma and a
project car where you get to lift it a
dad like you know lights and put tires
on it and put a rack on it take it off
roading go camping bring the dogs around
so I really miss the aspect of having
like off-road adventure over landing
vehicle so I'm really happy that I was
able to pick this guy up and start that
whole process and start that whole hobby
again but what's really interesting
about this truck is the guys inside is
um so this is the new 2016 the colm I
just got this bad boy and it's cool they
even have a little GoPro uh a little
GoPro mount right there
can't wait see it's kind of dark but the
interesting story about this guy let me
see if I can set this down and then I
could talk to you guys
freely sorry there we go so the
interesting story I kind of lost my
voice are you drinking party but the
interesting story about this guy is my
lease for the Durango isn't even up
until March or April so we got we got
some time not too much time on gas
time and so I wasn't in a rush but I
just wanted to start doing my research
and kind of look around see what the
inventories like and then just from all
the other car buying experience is like
getting the Beamer
you know Porsche helping the Dean get
his car I realized the fastest way to
getting a deal and not spending a whole
day at the dealership
is you want to look on every single
dealers website find the car that you
exactly want build it and negotiate that
specific part I already know all the
options that you want because what
happens is if you go to a dealer and the
exact car that you want isn't there they
have to trade with another dealership so
they have to pull favors and because of
that they can't really negotiate the
price of that product down because now
it's a favor so now it's based off of
what the other dealers willing to
release that car like what price are
willing to release that out so I started
doing research and I'm trying to look
for my specific car at the specific
dealer and it wasn't around and then I
found a the Southern California Toyota
site which checks the inventory for all
of the cars in Southern California all
the way down to San Diego Orange County
LA and the exact 2016 toyota tacoma i
cannot find so the one i'm looking for
was a 4x4 TRD sport and i walked the
whole motherfucking enchilada I wanted
the rear backup camera rear sonar heated
seats moonroof I just wanted everything
like I wanted to have all the luxuries
that I wasn't able to have as a kid when
I had my first at home and I want it to
be in this one and I wasn't available
then I was following this random like
truck Instagram and I see this guy
posted like you want to turn her on a
4runner you know as pulsing as I hit me
up at this email on my home interesting
worth the try you know I'm not in a rush
or anything I just know Southern
California doesn't have the exact tacoma
that i want and for some reason it's
really hard to get a 4x4 like every
dealership that a look at they'll have
13 - comas but only one of them's a 4x4
so I hit them up and then goes what are
you looking for and I told hey you know
what like the exact Tacoma that I want
it's really hard to find these specific
specs I couldn't find anywhere he goes
you know what I could check the
nationwide database I'm like what you
can check my didn't what you do and I
fuck I don't like a trust this guy
completely cuz it is online and just you
know there's all these kind of scam
especially by stuff off Craigslist and
shit like that so surely stigma against
it I hit him up anyways and he starts
searching for me and he goes hey you
know what I check nationwide the exact
truck that you want is not even in
inventory he goes but I'm able to check
the production assembly line of Toyota
and the one that you want is going to be
born in like three weeks and I'm like
what you can do that it goes yeah it's
not the exact one that you want like it
doesn't have the JBL sound system but
you can swap things out cuz it's early
enough in production I'm like oh it's
like custom ordering a Toyota and I'm
like yeah I'm down to do that I can I
can wait a few weeks I'm not in a rush
and then he hits me up like two days
later he goes yo I found your truck and
I'm like what how where he goes it's in
Utah and what happened was he just you
know on a whim searched under the sold
category of the inventory and there was
my exact truck and he found out that it
was just on hold it wasn't actually paid
for you and he goes hey are you willing
to put a deposit down right now because
if you put cash down on this
motherfucker I can talk to the other
dealer and maybe they'll let it go oh my
fuck it let's do it I'm just gonna risk
$1,000 hopefully it's not a scam and
then he charged it let the other dealer
know I immediately go home and check my
credit card billing statement and they
said Toyota so oh cool
thank goodness it wasn't a scam and then
uh after that I locked that down and I'm
like yo I want to negotiate the price so
I jumped on the phone and them and we
negotiate the price for like literally
like I was on the couches chillin for
like three to five minutes and I was
talking to his manager like when you
couldn't make the deal and you know
usually you spend like a good eight
hours out of dealership going back and
forth and they disappear for a long-ass
time you don't even know where the fuck
they go I go no I want it lower and they
go back they disappear in the comeback
this is how much the whole conversation
was like three or five minutes and then
negotiated the deal and they've I was
even able to negotiate the free delivery
so this truck came to LA from Utah on a
flatbed and boom I got I bought a truck
online and it's delivered so that's the
first time I ever bought a truck online
and that's fuckin crazy but now I have
my truck and this is going to be my
my daily driver I still love the Porsche
but um I don't know what maybe it's the
way that I grew up like I really like I
do like nice things but not because
they're nice you know I mean like you
know there's people they buy like a LV
purse or gucci wallet because it's Gucci
they're buying it cuz it's nice for me
it's if I did buy a LV wallet because
the leather is like a really good
material I buy nice things because it's
well-made
for example Rolex it's the first watch
to go to Mount Everest they made the
first waterproof watch like there's so
many innovations by Rolex so I like
Rolex because of what they're about and
the achievements that they had I'm not
buying a Rolex cause Rolex you know I
mean so even for Porsche like I bought
the Porsche because I love that it's for
the past 50 years the only car that they
ever made was a Carrera and it's a race
driven brand every other brand if you
think about it like even BMW Mercedes
they have SUV sedans like their focus is
all over the place Porsche for the last
50 years it was just been race cars and
then finally they had like the came in
that came out and then the cayenne and
the makan and now the Panamera so it was
like 50 years later after they had their
heritage that they sort of diversify so
I like nice expensive things because of
what they're about and how well they're
made and so I still love the Porsche but
the Tacoma is just like this this is me
like I think at my heart I'm just like a
blue-collar guy average person you know
I'm not a flan er I'm not a baller even
though I am a lot more wealthy and more
financially stable than I ever was it's
not me to like walk around an Armani
suit like I still don't dress and
t-shirts shorts and shit and I'm just
the daily like work truck type of guy
and I'm just really really happy that I
was able to be reacquainted with the
takoma and this like my childhood truck
and I can't wait to show you guys what I
do - the truck is gonna be dope face
with you
I've got my face with you hey kima saj
I mean you relax loo you feel good it's
a higher here true clear down no is that
look for ah fucking massager ah
