Oh
Oh No
don't sit on it lead on it he just
disappeared lead on
take this leg is all right good hey you
didn't even tell me cuz you surprised
you get this I know I wanted a I wanted
an m3 right but that was like a hundred
something so I got the fork because it's
four doors but it's so that really March
believe you now oh fuck my Jeep I'm
burning that car you're not getting a
Prius actually real shut up are you
serious why will they have a new one
that came out and it has 50 miles a
gallon
Korea's might as well wear this vest
inside out there we talking about throw
the breeze David you we are not Prius
people well I'm about to fuck you flip
the script on everybody I'm not that
Prius I shove it in the factor uh-huh
I'll have cousin there so to bounce it
out am I gonna write shoddy this time
will you go to lunch yeah yeah you can
drive it you can go inside no you'll say
that when we ride it nobody's sitting in
the fucking not going anywhere in it Oh
fucking shit is fucking crazy okay
fucking tight
Oh Oh
you fucking piece of shit how come I
don't get no hugs I know it's so weird
we were like always together and then we
got ripped apart for like two years two
weeks yeah and there's a pad footage the
most entertaining shit
this is based on the a view I think this
is odd time just talking shit do it for
no reason I'm not good I mean she's just
sitting not doing anything and the first
thing I do I try my camera in one
watching the footage I'm a dead girl
shut up
gorgeous I mean I miss it I mean I'm not
possessed I think I think I just bring
it out of you
I think so too I think they see me and
they're just like this all converge this
buddy footage though I'm just an easy
person to hate yeah Chris you don't know
me enough that's why maybe let's let's
like hang out for like a week like for a
really long time like for long periods
at a time you'll be like oh I get a lot
of scrap material are you done I have
this website that went to shit what the
last year or so has been a really good
learning experience for me in terms of
like you know developing long-term
content and what I want out of it you
know so one of the things that I
realized - is that I posed to do these
guys that I gave a lot of people chances
on pizza I see talented a lot of people
but I don't look at the work ethic
behind the person so that's how I got
fucked over
on a lot of these film projects because
I especially want to do well because of
town is so good but because I'm work
active workers it was terrible it didn't
work out but you have to realize like on
a small budget stuff everyone work at
think it's bad you're gonna fuck the
whole thing yeah
and that's what happens in so I have a I
shot this webseries daily I originally
made in the short film format but then I
scrapped it that turned into a webseries
just because it's more digestible for
YouTube and that's like they told Jesus
Andre cuz I didn't put it up I can't I
can't do it like put me as a person yeah
if I put it on a pretty sure people will
be like yeah that was pretty funny
without something I took six or seven
months to write and if it doesn't come
out the way that I want I'd rather just
destroy it and put it out right and so
I'm gonna take that strip recap and by
the way I wrote that whole shot in
Korean so it was going to be like one of
the first things on YouTube that was all
written in Korean so with those comedy
tubes of Korean come for having a German
company of just a straight comedy
because there's a little bit of drama
there obviously because you need like
that you know character pull it yeah it
was mainly like a coming-of-age story so
and it's it was kind of based on like
how my parents viewed me it was like I
was gone I'm a little fucker yeah you
know and so I only think about this can
be in k-town and we're going to use it
at a debate is almost a one location
summary so those all you wrote to the
Jing but you know you have somebody who
can't let off and it just goes to shit
Italy for a year I would open up the
script and then I will get invaded so
this year I just opened it up okay
active work on this again you know so
I've been trying to figure out what I
wouldn't do a bit but then sketches on
you to kind of died out to like and for
my sketches with dialogue people don't
give a fuck about it so don't know it is
about Mike you know the BuzzFeed type of
sketches right absolutely
it's just
like punch on question can't have ice
cream over it's not in a DAT fatty
there's no point he said it's not here
so I'm like taking away and I'm really
not gonna do sketches on YouTube anymore
unless something a little bit me unless
it's like a web search you need that
right from so right and that and at that
point too is not even for the revenue
aspect it's just a good alignment and
you know it's very fun oh no offending
is it to chase a lot man human that's
what I keep UI hearing that over no
rocky Teamsters lot and I don't really
on we call not a long story development
when you get a building there's all kind
of the fuck yeah don't you you have this
that ten days you like the bluff or you
know like and it's just again but it
doesn't do anything I don't understand
why so much - information that you
already know right right no it's like
things you got to do when you wake up in
the morning brush your teeth the victory
didn't know you had a brush or fucking
teach you to generate in the morning yes
yeah it's crazy right you have to brush
your teeth Jo doesn't know that fucking
wake up again tomorrow my big mouth he
likes it like that all right
no life oh my god it's not here who
teach over there he was smiling looking
at Gio's new car David's enjoying it I'm
so it's good you like it I love it and
freaking love it and works
even though that's not important about
the core animal yes it does add like
five horsepower bubbly like oh I'm not
gonna fuck with these people who ain't
go fuck with you the dealer because we
came in there I was like I want this
color this interior this package I don't
give a shit about this other stuff and
then he's like okay
damn we just start negotiating cuz you
met you met in business yeah you and my
Instagram that's how many followers I
have swam some nice suck my
motherfucking dick give me a deal yes
sir right away
yeah it just feels good I doesn't really
feel a bit like because I don't even
wanna be more like your whole life and
now that you now that you're able to
work and buy your own your parents and
buy it for you how does it feel to earn
what you always been wanting since you
were a little mija back in Ghana I mean
it's like I knew that I was gonna like I
know what beamers not anything like
super expensive or super luxurious it is
to some people well I mean I respected
right but for me personally it wasn't
super luxurious trikes I know that
there's like Lambos and Ferraris and
shit like that but um for me I'm like
that's that's kind of been kind of a
dream car of mine because of like the
reputation that it has you know like um
just how it feels like the community
around BMW like I've always liked it and
now that I can finally afford it I'm
just like whoa are you gonna go to
Beamer Fest no maybe I mean I should
probably check it out Beamer fest so
Beamer Fest is this um Beamer event this
really cool professes beamer event that
happens usually a May of every year is
the entire 405 will be covered with like
500 beamers everyone's caravanning so
you have beamers from like 19 like 70
all the brand new ones like the exotic
beamers regular boomers they just come
together just driving crews hey baby
the only driving or sleeting they drive
and they chill in a parking lot I wish I
want something it's just like a lot of
being really get to connect on
everyone's passions and hobby was
because it was compared to an SUV XP
want to know there should be hiring what
I've seen one of those like yes yeah it
was in Pasadena where does it go I love
hotel yeah yeah and it was just all
Ferrari I didn't they were laying for 90
percent red it was pretty cool
yeah that's pretty cool I got the four
doors I'm like I can't do another coupe
what I love a beamers interior design
it's nice like specifically all like
this like the carbon shit it's nicer
than my Porsche you know that other side
yeah the inside is nicer than the
Porsche now pushes all performance
though isn't it yeah it's like a race
car yeah it is I think it's crazy
well I hope you don't get that first
thing oh it's okay it's all covered
my first week my car got back into down
the guy's Janet I watch the dude - there
was no point cuz it was like this
Mexican do it in his beat-up truck what
am I gonna do you know yeah yeah what
are you gonna get thoughtful plan on
Megara insurance yeah that's why he
jetted and I was like I'm not gonna
chase this guy down like yeah I'm an
immigrant too so it's like I have fuck
it
how do you know you was an immigrant huh
because you ran away with this beat-up
ass truck so you could have just been a
shitty human so tip the heads-up display
would be like around here and then
you'll just see it here but what I
really didn't think it existed cuz you
guys can fucking with you so I'm like
does it really exist
that's a Google that shit so they told
me about the what is it heads-up
heads-up display HUD yeah and I'm like I
don't believe you cuz especially you boy
cuz you have this little smirk when
you're fucking around I'm like no that's
work when you're telling me about it I'm
like that doesn't exist at some future
shit everyone knows I'll fuck her right
yeah cuz I'm like okay where's the
flying cars i'ma buy you a magazine a
Motor Trend magazine they just gotta
read it and you'll be up to date on all
the options that cars have these things
I'm not fucking around with you but some
cars the ballin cars this part right
here it's cool it's like a put champagne
and you can put glasses there it's a
little refrigerator never do
refrigerators in cars I'm not fucking
with the FS crazy some other cars also
got massage uh driver seat yeah oh you
know on Amazon I was like cleaning that
um I saw I don't shoot like things that
you could put in your cart you can just
buy it on Amazon without it built yeah
and some of them like the especially the
bigger like a larger 7 Series and like
Lexus
you can even recline the the rear seat
my channel money what le Auto Show
you're showing me the technology and
cars is freaking crazy these days
yes I remember back in the day when I
forgot I was but were they had like an
umbrella oh yeah that Rolls Royce yeah
I'm like that's cool but now we have all
this other creationist whatever we make
it was crazy back in the day just to see
the remember the automatic seatbelts
automatic windows really cool we got the
rolling anymore yeah not on next level
shit I mean just less like the regs like
you have to spend then we spend but yeah
it wouldn't make sense as much in return
about a house - yeah what I see the
world by house Nami but I like to have
options option s yeah I I personally
don't want to buy a house cuz I feel
like huh was it right now I just don't
feel like it's a necessity of mine and I
don't want to be tied down to one
location like I like that I can move
whenever I get tired mmm I think well
the thing about that is to like the only
reason why I haven't bought is because
like for me I don't know this place very
well you know I mean mainly so if I
bought a house though like I would love
it because number one I'm not it's not
an empty investment because I lent I am
gonna live in it and the great thing
about that is - because we rent out
spaces we can't modify the place the way
we want that's all they are like yeah so
if I had a place and I'm gonna fix it up
everything everything about the house
would be accustomed to what I like what
I want that's the amazing thing about
you know and also you're not dumping
into other somebody else's bank there's
a lot cheaper for you to I mean but it's
still a write-off for us so I guess for
me it doesn't really matter
yeah and then in terms of modifying it I
I feel like at least my home like I have
pretty basic simple requirements so I'm
not really I don't really care about
that right now
but what if you want to put like custom
like gun hiding spots like James Bond
then you can't do that right now I guess
right now I don't want to do that I
don't really care for that you know what
the funny thing is you know after we
went shooting I think I got more excited
about the gun accessories and the actual
cut that excess is a really cool dog
there was the shit this guy it was this
fucking what do you call it wall shelf
yeah I pop button
exactly I was like whoa what the fuck is
this shit
I don't fuck the god I'm putting a broom
in the Allendale fuck what Semitic I
want the accessory yeah I mostly I want
that too yeah all this like all these
dope accessories from weapons so cool
open the hotdog edition David yeah so
you were telling me about how you're
like actively gonna pursue your New
Year's resolutions and it sounded very
very motivating and it sounded very
structured and it's actually like a
sound like a a legitimate plan yeah fill
proof a fill proof plan on accomplishing
your goals and this and just sound like
yo I got this plan new year new me and
people do and people go here's what are
you gonna do I'll know it's gonna happen
yeah and so let's our plan so that's
what happens a lot when you make these
goals so you get super hyped towards the
end of year because you have to
reflective phase right yeah I hate and
so you uh you say it but you don't
really act it out because you don't
visually see it you don't ride it out
and it's not in your mind every day yeah
so what I do is I develop the checklist
system and so even before that so let's
go even to the top so I separated my
goals from health wealth and family so
what do I want to do with these and I
also wrote the reasons why so it kind of
keeps me motivated so I'm like so why
did I want to do this goal it's because
this and it's like and how I wrote it
out was a conversation to myself there's
only David why do you want to do is it's
because this isn't that every you make a
fucking excuse to do this so why are you
fucking them so I'll take that you're
scolding yourself no literally I was
holding myself and so that's awesome I
look at that and then I I separate these
daily tasks so I have daily tasks that
I'm gonna do throughout the rest of the
year I had to do that without fail
that's Dalek dude and then I have my
weekly goals which is which also
includes the meetings yeah and then
within that I actually have my my
monthly calls that which keeps me in
check that I have to continue to do this
throughout the year and throughout the
month so for example one of the things
that I have to do one of the things my
goals you know what be your normal self
and it could be communicate how you
normally do instead of like being so
roundabout so for example I
last one of my last service was to be
nicer in the things that I say doesn't
work for me fuck that should I throw out
the window so gotta be you yeah that'd
be myself right one of my other goals
too so I have a daily regimen things
that I thought I should do so for
example one of these that Muriel asked
me to do is to take care of my skin she
hates the fact that I don't take care of
it right so every day I'm trying to do a
skin regimen for her because she asked
it for me and I'm trying to make that
into a habit so I have a checklist of
what I do in the morning so in the
morning I wake up I take a shower right
when I get out the shower I use the
toner I use the face lotion and then I
use lotion to lotion my body up caches
the fact that I have fucking rough
fellows and shit and I do that every day
to make it a habit and I check it off
the list so I don't fail there and every
every bite - I'm supposed to read 15 to
20 pages of a book that I'm supposed to
use to better myself for for betterment
and then I also study a language every
day Wow awesome yeah so these are the
daily tasks that I'm gonna do every day
for this whole year I need some shit -
yeah I do - what the fuck am I doing
with my life
so uh and the reason why - I also
realized one of the things that I do is
I flake out on a lot of things not
because I don't want to go is because I
don't schedule out my life properly and
if I had these checklists but I know
that by this time I have six things I
have to do today I can't fuck around and
complete this I can't complete this if
I'm fucking around all the time you have
a checklist you check it off you know
how much time you got left the day to
finish yet sure also every time I'm like
hey I'm down to do this but then I say
oh fuck I forgot to do this I can't go
because I had to finish this up so that
looks that up - yeah all these things
I'm trying to like keep in mind so every
morning - before I bounce
I read the goals so I keep it in mind
what you gotta do - exactly and for the
rest of you have a constant reminder -
exactly so I wanted to be having four
more to the point I don't have to read
this I know that this is what I have to
get
so that's all fucking dope maybe I
shouldn't ring that's all talk dude yeah
I have it on my phone too in my in my in
my app so I read in the morning this is
what you got to get done make sure you
fix these problems that you had last
year so awesome since then like it's
been pretty good too so I haven't fucked
up all my macros early I work I wake up
every morning at at 8:30 without fail
so we time you go to bed I go to bed at
latest Leanne is that pretty good
improvement yes from five and sad damn
and that's at latest so I try to knock
out by one and the best way to do that I
shut everything off no phone no iPad no
nothing just lay there I just learn
that's dope well I hope you accomplish
all of those David
I hope so too I don't want to complete
half I want to complete like a hundred
percent all the way through that's so
cool
so yeah it sounds like a foolproof
system well it's like an active approach
you know a lot of people to have a
passive approach they just kind of wish
that whatever they want is gonna come to
them but if you don't make an active
plan like if you don't go
alright I'm gonna actually save $75 a
month you're not gonna have more money
by next year you have to actively come
up with the plan and save $75 a month or
$20 a week or whatever it is yeah and
like other things too like that is it
really a goal like it's more of a
reflection of who I am as a person you
know like I should learn like for
example like last year too I bought a
lot of shit that I didn't need and not
to say that I don't have the finances to
do it it's just that a lot of the things
that I bought I bought just because I
was bored you know and I'm trying to
fill I'm trying to fill an excitement in
my life that isn't going to get filled
by me purchasing things I just keep
buying and buying and buy the camera
equipment for example there's a hobby of
mine why the fuck did I buy all this
shit it didn't make me feel better at
the other day when I got the product I
forgot about it the next and I bought
something else and so what was more
fulfilling was traveling so if I'm going
to take that money and buy that i'ma put
it to other stuff that'll help me better
myself as a person that's sorry that's
dope that's right I hate you a little
bit less right now oh thank you alright
so we just finished lunch
and I think I see Dean tricks his truck
because I saw it on Instagram and I told
him that truck is sick and it's right
here Sam is a beast holy guacamole
hi Dan yeah you even get a truck like
that that's custom Oh does this we'll
need a fucking ladder to get out of this
thing like 5 foot 4 d-trix can I see her
truck hike I steer truck guy get in the
passenger side of the truck oh you oh
yeah
did this dude this thing's so nice small
peepee yeah that's why I have this this
is awesome fun man I gotta close this we
going somewhere
we Parker here just play right here okay
we're cool the back is huge - oh there's
old - bye holy crap this thing is huge
Ida is that fun that drive this thing
heck yeah dude I can see everything
Deborah m3 still or not hey I slap it
but this is like that doesn't get any
love man just because it's so
comfortable that's true is it hard to
get around La in this thing though I
think it's hard to get her on a late
period true does it make it harder no no
no cuz he's sit in traffic regardless so
now at least I'm sitting I can see
everything
they're just chillin yeah chillin how
many inches lift does this thing have
oh gosh dude I know I just said can you
make it higher than what it is that's
tie it so you did you did you buy the
truck and then you took it to a shop or
you just went to a custom shop in the
answer I just went to a first custom
shop they gave me the lift and the tires
and then I took it to another place and
they made my vision come to life that's
because I don't know any terminology I
barely know what gas to put in it
they're just like I want it to be fuckin
badass and have this shit yeah and I was
like I don't know what this stuff is
know if it's cool
but I think it's fun looking yeah that's
fucking tight I love your truck dude
thanks man come on in let's all it's
much a huge back in there sorry it's all
dirty no this is this is my man family
where did you get this bad boy when or
where when I got like six months ago so
let's go oh wow he's fine sorry feel
another hotel in here that's why you
just Punk the conversation or torture
I'm not a truck proceeded but this one
said it yeah I wasn't a truck were seems
like a year and a half ago and I found
all of them this is I've been a truck
person I told you how much I like Tom
doesn't know I fucked Andra see though I
do not do that yes you did
I just said I don't like trucks why why
don't you like truck on sparkles
drive on well it's cuz they have
piece-of-shit truck well they're gonna
see this in my
the fucking ply born on this tiny ship
yeah like it's a working thing look no I
can't tell any of trucks these days they
have enough to make it like a luxury
vehicle well yeah now I see it this was
like compromises Soviet so when they
would originally wanted a truck he was
telling me it was fine let's get a 18
van instead of compromising have you
seen those though they have like those
econo vans and they lift it and like a
lot of white people like driving those
things and you can like sleep in the
back and do all kinds of shit then I got
a lot of room for activities like
literally yes fans it's yes there's so
many things you doing it see but she
said no to that trucks are the shit
they're so comfortable you can see
everything great about you feel like I
could I feel like I could murder
everybody the roots yeah I love it yeah
I bet I like while you're in traffic you
don't even feel like you're in traffic
no no the problem is is that like I've
already gotten hit like literally week
three this lady shit the third quarter
diving like hit and then like I went
outside I like I was like my new truck
like it's okay but she okay it was her
fault and her whole side was just jack
deliberated yeah I've gone and then I
went to mine and just one little scratch
yeah it's like oh it sucks for her
demolished her clothes she had hit me so
I felt bad for cuz she's like shaking
but I was like hang on this is actually
what to say or you dude they could save
you
Toyota Tundra let's dish it on for free
is this shit fucking hella time up back
do you finally like trucks hell yeah I
told you I wanted a tundra before he
said no this thing is fucking awesome as
a dope grill dope bumper look what is
this you got a lift in there got wheels
thing's huge
this is fucking sick
this is awesome have you ever turned on
that light bar like I flash someone yeah
with the chemistry to me Marcy does did
you ever did you ever like high-beam
someone with your light bar and be like
yes the only date deserve it you gotta
go over there in the center I gotta
close my eyes yeah no no that's not on
oh it's not on yet Oh Oh God - is bright
my god that is not all his lights down
there
oh shit I know this door closed
that's fucking cool I'll stand like this
that's good that's awesome that's we're
shooting outside your trucks fucking
awesome dude it's fire did you get one
Congrats dude
I can't feel my face when I love you
Allah Allah is all shit oh my spine
thank you like nothing Oh
