over there don't waffle why is this
special today because of a pennant come
here to get thousand waffles to falafels
especially never better
he's just picking up my waffles and get
yours but every time I pay might even
deadline they serve breakfast all day
what are you doing nothing what the hell
we got a film that's I kept telling me
you you're the one that hired Betty said
you only have like 10 minutes to get
ready I said hurry up when you came in
pepper no reason well I creatures like
everybody just die on the bed it does
doesn't it
we sleep with how many blankets you and
I owe so we have completely different
climate controls on our body I get cold
really easily like really easily and
Bart gets hot just as easily so we can't
sleep under the same blanket because I
need super heavy thick blankets and Bart
needs super light airy um so I sleep
with this really thick furry one like
the Mexican blanket or Korean sile
blanket and then I have a quilt that's
like really thick and heavy and then
Bart has his see-through one right here
excuse me Oh Jimmy like you could see
through this guy look at that I can't
like see him and then he has this duvet
that's a really thin and that's how I
sleep
oh it shut out the Gina for giving us
our little yes okay see also film the
talk show like 30 minutes oh okay I'm
hurrying we're about to start filming
and I hear Lou outside check out the
first thing who's coming
my guys talking about toys guns guns all
kinds every time I see you have a
monster are you that tired I saw it was
Kate by 25 its cake and also cheap to my
old hurts friend gave me this isn't as
cute or the whole barbel stuff I should
say yeah but she made it
that's like focus focus focus focus
hold on there you go Phenix but why just
hang in cheating barbell talk-show back
in the day I think we shot like a JQ
party here this is just more talk-show
stuff come on there you go there you go
and some of the ladies at barbell some
of the boys at our wedding
fuck you oh wait I missed this always
doing blue certified we're talking about
her clothes still filming family that
Tommy she doesn't trust you to know you
mess up we mess with her all the time
yeah but they better not be laying on it
with there you go shit you can't be
laying on our stuff I was filming today
the first the first one was an awesome
were filming and then I think all of us
have called John something like we were
able to talk especially me and then so
we cut that take then the second take we
started going and the right off the end
the power went out with like why I was
in the middle of my outro yeah and the
cameras they weren't able to cross that
information because it's plugged in so I
think we got warmed up and we were on
fire we were able to finish and I didn't
got a lot of great content also if
you're looking for a lot of good content
information about Fitness working out
powerlifting bodybuilding physique any
of that stuff Mitchie
okay there's experts intermediator z--
we talk about our personal experiences
and a lot of our trials and tribulations
go on to that site and you can
especially the talk show there's a lot
of great information and that's just in
the discussion that we put it in a very
fun format where does it seem like
you're listening to a lecture but you're
listening to your friends talk about
more advanced training techniques fine
there is cute because as you were
talking they were waving hi you turn
around they stop and then you talk
through a line eternally you should have
saw what blue and the deal we're doing
earlier already blue is supposed to
crack the news back so the deep one is
ours around a blue blue and then like
this
does your mom have that same voice no no
I don't want to crack my book they're
gonna pop know
remember remember when Lou is really
thin over here look Dale who Rico suave
Lou damn orb of there yeah there's more
vascular yeah that's not even you that's
me
you look like a pointy god no no you
don't look like that guy wait why is
this job we said Liz strong because he
looked me up like nothing watch big nip
both of you guys have big butts you're
the huge but so do you
you're definitely cuter though babe what
Luke you have any pics yeah watch tell
me that desire hot girl look at the
camera oh my spine good you ain't
nothing funny cuz we call them cute and
just started smacking him
that's how funny likes to get
comfortable fun but fun hey look funny
look at me look at me fun everyone stop
moving stop moving stop fucking stop it
it's not working
oh my gosh she like she opens her leg up
to when you get close you always had her
spot really got you to Salinas from your
dad
your mom's not funny at all there it is
there it is honey I'll take a rub this
game like that Jaya Jaya the TV melts
one final bill yes I think we're up come
on up
I said up for Ronan oh she's shedding
like crazy look at that she doesn't care
about food yeah she doesn't care about
the burrito you didn't eat that from
yesterday you so baby what are you doing
today
dang it's open today no no no that no
you can't throw bit Sunday what I told
her well you told her ups after I'm like
it's not open let's just check I was
like won't you talk yeah I don't know
what turned me out of the gym I like ten
or eleven probably not yeah right Yeah
right
why God why boy all right so we're here
IPE chicken and we learned about this
out in Australia because they have
Nando's and out here what is it called
it was called like
well yeah something Perry to Portugal
Perry something over it is a style of
chicken
how about to go in on this bitch it is
the little patterns populist so what
happened today so we just had peri-peri
chicken as they saw how we barely take
you so what happened today before paper
chicken what we trying to what what
happened but on the application they
asked do the dogs sleep a little bit so
um we went to this German Shepherd
rescue place where we adopted Fani and
all they do is rescue German Shepherds
from other shelters they put it in this
one shelter and like the not the
filtering but what is it called the
screening process is very rigorous so
first of all you get you get an
application you don't see any of the
dogs they don't want to stress these
dogs out didn't they see humans so they
don't want to stress the dogs out so you
never get to see the dogs outside of
their website so you get there and you
have this foreplay job application it
asks for your address um how big is the
house is their yard
does it shirt have a fence what are your
occupations what else is it ask oh do
you have any other pets things of that
nature
and then once you finished application
there's a counselor that looks over your
application and then they determine if
you're a fit to get a German Shepherd or
not
so they get to pick it's good for you or
not so one of the questions was where do
the dogs sleep and we said oh they sleep
outside they have that room that you
guys have seen numerous amount of times
in our vlog and we're like all these
sleep there or whatever and then as
they read that we were immediately
declined why because the German Shepherd
breed specifically the German Shepherd
freed it freed the German Shepherd
buried is a very family oriented very
pack like breed and once they get REME
once they establish that this is my pack
and then you remove them from that pack
it messes with them extremely bad so we
didn't know this but now we know and now
our dogs will be sleeping inside with us
and not in that in their little room
back there but Bart what are you saying
now what send by your dad in the
application because they don't know what
the you were talking about that he
called him daddy before what did you say
daddy fine it just felt right so now
they're gonna come and inspect our house
but I know great great life yeah I
remember we couldn't even touch this
girl we couldn't pet her she was
severely abused like in her last life I
don't know where she came from her Holly
rescued her or I don't know any of her
history but she was such a like
mistreated and I'll like severely abused
that she would like get into this little
ball and she never wanted anyone to like
look at her she'd be like oh my god I'm
gonna die and then when we first had her
I'm talking about you wouldn't look at
me for when we first got her she
wouldn't even come to us yet alone
believe her kennel and little by little
we rehabilitate her to do this coup
you're fine you're fine
this is fine now she's been
rehabilitated no longer a crazy
scaredy-cat are you I mean you're still
a scaredy cat but you're not a crazy kid
you crazy scared the kid you crazy
skinny cat oh I like doing this to her
she likes it yeah those are day today
and you know what's funny in a previous
vlog I was showing you guys their
website and I was showing you a dog that
I wanted to adopt and this guy right
here was like giving me a lecture about
how these two other dogs that we have
already understand the workflow and it
works with them not bringing in new
energy and a new dog who's gonna be you
know more challenges and yada yada yada
why today was he all like I'm going to
get a turn ship a puppy I want a German
Shepherd puppy fine if we go in there
we're gonna leave with the German
Shepherd puppy I love German shepherds
so do I you can't lecture me and then do
exactly what I did
below him hypocrite amiss little
hypocrite amiss you little hypocrite
amiss you hypocrite amiss fine I'm gonna
watch a movie now that looks so weird
without ears I wonder why she was crying
and it's not because he's pulling his
ears cuz she was crying before we got
home but her eyes were like wet maybe
she had something in them
yes
