what's up beautiful people today I'm
going to be doing something that I hate
it before but I'm slowly learning to
like not love loves a strong word I'm
not at love yet I'm at like um today we
will be shooting again I'm at the
shooting range in Los Angeles Crest I
believe it's called and everyone's
getting signed up everyone's checking in
and I'm in here and I'm drinking my
7-eleven coffee blueberry flavor it is
amazing let me try one more time so bomb
and um and I've just been enjoying the
more snacking aspect of this um instead
of the actual shooting of us and I was
like hey Emily I'm talking to you guys
about my snacks but I just so in love
with snacks so I got some of these chips
Saba tea bonus I never knew what they
were called but I always see this in
like a little bomb and then I got some
some flaming hot cheetos and then I got
some 7-eleven smoked turkey and Monterey
Jack cheese sandwich and uh I got Donuts
like little black ones that bar actually
finished I don't even finish them but um
but yeah I'm kind of excited to shoot
guns today not really but you know in
home defense situations I hope I never
have to apply this skill but it is good
you know to kind of make yourself a
Swiss Army knife and be prepared for all
situations good or bad um so I figured
there's no harm in learning you know
what I mean like yeah it makes me
uncomfortable and you know hopefully it
never has to you know hopefully that's a
tuition of arises where I have to put
the skill into into play but I rather be
wall equipped than panicking and maybe
hurt myself in the process so um I will
never ever ever ever ever hunt for sport
ever and I will never
um be reckless with guns um in fact I'm
actually pretty excited about learning
so that when I do have kids in my own or
you know I'm just in a house that has
guns and something happens and I feel
like I'll know what to do I know what to
explain what to expect and how to react
how to treat it cause prior to you know
um learning to like guns
I was completely uncomfortable around
them I didn't know how they worked I
didn't know you know how to hold it I
didn't want to look at it I'm like if
it's in this room I'm gonna be in
another room and I figured wait why am i
avoiding it so much it doesn't make
sense like let me get uncomfortable I
mean let me get comfortable with what I
find uncomfortable so that I don't have
to be uncomfortable anymore so um so
yeah that's kind of what I'm kind of
looking forward to today is just getting
a little bit more comfortable learning a
lot more and um yeah I mean I think with
anything in life I think that you should
get comfortable with you know things
that you don't know things you don't
understand
um you should just educate yourself all
the time so that's kind of what I'm
that's kind of what I that's my motto
at least for 2016 it's a new year new me
I get this big fucking baby gonna be
sick why why my big baby cuz you're
wearing Ninja Turtles lentils a bunch of
guns on you I love guns your fucking
kids there's nothing better I didn't say
there was
I like Tonya stresses so here we go
skinny range
and I feel a little bit more legitimate
because I got some one of these calls
electronic yeah muffs or something
headphones
I got electronic ear muffs electronic
discussion here between you protects
your pro your oh it's really dope about
this technology is that mom he said oh
it's really dope is that it has speakers
or a mic actually about here so that I
can hear people are telling me without
them having to yell surprise
very subtle noises but as soon as it
like the sound hits a certain like level
then I can't hear it
let's go through the she got the rings
it's pretty damn cool they have a lot of
the old targets too can hear you
actually bother or not oppose the paper
so check it out pull up next to you
here's the range oh wow wait some
pistols I can chew hummus with how about
a hundred yards and they can shoot that
yeah missiles can actually go you're
good shot misses probably make it like
200 Wow
what are you gonna shoot first oh shit
your buddy oh what's so hard about it
let's run out we don't shoot this are
really close here it's a little bit hard
target is about just as wide as
reflection it's not directly honored on
this that was fun yeah look at David
he's making fun of he's making fun of
Jose I just she style he's saying he
looks like the grandpa or like a dad you
know he's called shirt
he's got the fanny pack the matching
gloves hey Joe doesn't give a shit he
owns it so now what's happening is they
called the cease fire and cease fire
just means stop firing everyone backs
away puts their weapons down
I really don't know what they're doing
but nobody shoots at all awkward sir I
can't hear what he's saying is I'm
wearing the class and I could put up the
volume but I just prefer not to because
I'm lazy but ya know that's what's going
on right now
David how's your first time shooting
it's interesting it's a lot more
difficult than I ever thought because
like conceptually when you see it in
movies you know what I mean like now you
understand like when drive-bys nobody
dies cuz you can't hit them it's hard
it's very difficult and plus my arms are
tired by the time I shoot two bullets
I'm too sleepy
do you see you making this a hobby
though ah
I mean yeah I guess but then I'd be for
hobbies and don't cost money so wait
what what oh how all the hobbies you
have a book but it's heavily like 20
genes I know I might have to sell all of
them just to get a couple cups but I I'm
actually my new year's goal it's not to
buy a single camera equipment and let's
just like cards or like accessories that
I named my cards or my cleaning stuff
and then there's also not to buy any
more shoes so um I think I can do it I
realized on terms of expenses how much
shit on stuff I don't mean that's
definitely one of them effectively with
that
I don't know Khan vacation me with that
I've got a lot of things cuz they're
hard they are they're fucking scary they
don't scare me as much is more like I
understand 40 how do people die from
this you can't even hit it it doesn't
make any sense for a finger targets
it doesn't matter so much it was
slighted you have to be like a very like
good tactical somebody with the gun this
way though none of those are my videos
yes so I'm back in the car everyone is
still shooting this is the first time
I've been to this range and as you saw
it was it was outdoors but then um
there's like the shaded area where we're
shooting from and you're you're pretty
much not restricted to any like area
that you want to stand or shoot from um
just as long as you're like by that
table and so you're really really close
to people and I actually did not feel
comfortable with that at all because you
can feel the Cawood is it called like
there's like this um there's like this
pressure that the gun gives off when
when you pull the trigger and I didn't
like that feeling like I could feel it
in my forehead I felt it in my jaw like
you just filled it all through your body
and that's something that I'm not used
to and on top of that because you're so
close to the person not shooting to your
left as soon as he pulls the trigger the
empty shell flies out like a couple hit
my mouth um and like it hit my head like
it hits you all over the place and again
I don't mind it it's just something that
I'm not used to um so there was just a
lot of little things that I needed to
get used to that kind of just wore me
out really really quickly and I'm like
alright guys you guys have fun let me
keep getting used to this I just sat
down and I was just observing everything
I was watching you know how people you
know load a mag um how they stand before
they shoot uh you know just all the
safety precautions that they take when
they're moving the gun from one area to
the next like they'll hold it up this
way opposed to like just walking around
with you know it pointing at people
build it up this way so I took a lot in
so I know the next time that I come here
I know exactly what
expect um but yeah it was kind of much
it was kind of a lot to take in
so you see no one else is in here I'm
here by myself
um yeah they're having a good time I had
a good time I just feel like I need to
just slow down because I'm going from a
place of like completely disliking and
fearing guns to liking them and now
going to this new shooting range and
experiencing you know how close to
proxemics art to everyone I was just
like all right let me just take it in
slowly and I'm just doing it at my own
pace but I know the next time I come
back which I will come back the next
time I come back to this range I'll know
what to expect I feel it of a more
comfortable and confident you know was
dealing with the gun handling it
feeling the shells fly everywhere seeing
them fly everywhere feeling that
pressure come off of the guns after you
know people pull the trigger
um but hey it's been a very fun learning
experience like David mtoui had never
shot anything he seemed like he had a
good time um he actually left already
because he had to take care of a couple
things but yeah I'm just kind of waiting
until we go and I think we're gonna
leave in about ten minutes or so so yeah
I'm just gonna wait and I feel like I'm
getting I mean not to make an excuse or
anything but I feel like you know I'm
getting sick um I took a lot of vitamin
C yesterday so I'm just kind of taking
it easy keep my body warm
um yeah try not to feed into this this
potential cold that I might have so yeah
Mike we just got back from the shooting
range how is it progressing you been
there before I have a good beard
and was there anything different about
this time opposed to other time that
you've gone I was a bigger company
that's definitely true usually it was
just myself or a couple friends but kind
of quiet we're going to go with people
that I work with we actually just got to
sharing at any time um how was it roses
Oh what did you shoot today so today I
brought to my sister's I stayed with the
calibration with 45 so I win if HK USP I
avoid fire then by 1911 my Kimber 90
left I'm very old-fashioned what level
of expertise would you say you are when
it comes to shooting with hangers I am
proficient with carbines I would say I
feel very comfortable with I think
that's probably my goatee and then
everyone range I'm still fun alongside
this guy right here cuz he looks kind of
scary you know family background I work
for both sides
yeah we destroyed it he was shooting a
nurse today not a peso I was hey the
letters pretty close
how was it four units it was good
the first time shooting in AR you
actually got to shoot the center oh shit
you guys are telling me these things I
just don't know what it is so I'm just
gonna go oh shit that's crazy some
distance range so you can't really shoot
that one this one we actually got otai
it did you hit anything
hey one yeah and is that crazy like how
it's pretty good yeah for the sake of
andesite is one scope not me Oh what
does that even MIT like calibrated oh I
know what that means so much calibrated
okay so a specific distance you would
want a zero or have it to where if you
put on the target it aligns itself but a
lot of people are in this conception you
can't just move the scope to different
distances so if you're zeroed at 300
yards you can't just put it on something
that's at five hundreds are expected to
do the same
watching that's where long distance
shooting becomes much more of a
mathematical problem yeah other than
just boys right because then you got to
take into account like win and all that
bow shoot right like there's shots that
I've taken that you have to actually
take in not where the target is but
where the target is going to be so it's
called the Coriolis effect or it's how
the Earth rotates oh sure
you basically have to predict where the
target is going to be why can't - long
distance shooting yeah you can't just
take a school bus put on a gun and shoot
it and expect it to be accurate about Oh
crazy so whatever the movies taught me
wasn't alive so people who do crazy long
mile shots
there's maybe a handful the people they
are known to do that successfully rather
than just luck and then when it comes to
pistols like David said it really well
like there's no wonder people don't get
shot in drive-bys it's really really
hard to do to shoot on the move and
should ruin targeting same damn cholos
that are how they do hit 10 maybe they
don't they shoot all the wrong people go
shooting the kid the only boy around is
the best on earth
all the gangsters day long how was it
for you because I know you played with a
new toy today right
right kill oh you mean well the doctor
arrangers was able to show no range well
Stanford exercised the potential of the
rifle that it was a final shot on a home
private range and it's so close that you
don't really get to exercise the
potential of the weapon
yeah so it's almost like different
pretty much having like a dash matches
500 very generally has like 135 house
you know it's not really able to get a
really good workout it yeah yeah well
that's a good analogy
today we gotta go like really regards
Jeff so I have a lot of fun and one day
I was really worried about is my a ar-15
oh can I have the arm ladies first
Oh already in bed onions I'm gonna get
medium rare six menu other no no just by
itself medium medium rare
yes and salad we get the prefix window
and I get that
sure yeah and then I'll have that I feel
like you'll still like them for another
more than one for that I feel like you
okay Tanya with life possible together
are they
oh good call and then for trouble of any
night I'll do the same thing I'll do the
the prefix also and also get an empanada
I'll leave the chicken just got a lover
you know guess who's going to be the
chicken in Manado
right yes hey Tanya yes medium rare yes
with the rice and shop right my chickens
are fresh and dad I didn't you wait your
ice cream money or fly open illa anyway
where you think they gonna save us up a
are so there's iron side to the sites
and ability to uh rifle yeah they're
also meant to be adjusted for windage
and elevation so so cool so when you
come out of the box like a box but when
it comes out of the bottle I just got us
now coupler that when you go on the box
that is like a special term yeah nobody
trim it out of the box
yeah
the rifle it's a Dino defense was
extremely accurate zombies apparel is
accurate that means it big place the
barrelling on a bench and they fire a
million rounds to it it's going to
create like punk like that type
but the sights to be off which means it
could be pointing the barrel somewhere
else and so what I was really happy
about is that the sights out of the box
already ready to fire
oh shit you're gonna have to throw it
and for my military experience like when
you get into your rifle besides are all
fun so the first thing we do is go to
the range and then you get a do it once
it's zero then then we look at your
accurately
oh why are they all fucked up because
someone else used it someone else used
it for different distance for it I know
it has a natural natural shooting
tendency - yeah so like some time I
shoot actually over here
I should naturally over here like your
eyes are just this way so I'm gonna get
a zero to a person - yeah personality
gotcha
I know this was your first time going to
this range - how do you like this versus
the other outdoor one I love this radar
it's a public range was the first light
from the grades I shot I really really
like it because they run it the way that
I'm used to out a military range or they
call some higher and it's you feel so
much safer when you have one guy going
cease fire cease fire weapon on same
send the whole to the rear and these are
shown at the weapons clear so I like
that because that way everyone packs
away all the weapons on the same
versus our private rage and not guys
know my thing you see like what's going
on here like flag and all these other
people stalled muzzle awareness and a
lot of inner stone kappa we get scary
going off like this guy 30 people on
accident and that's really actually over
the public ranges everyone's on the same
program do the same shit and because are
so much things people consume
simultaneously versus usually what we go
it's not that much space like all my
issues and the game takes this time it
might feel alright right now we can all
shoot at the same time i love it wait
what do you have now
this is prized possession hold on hold
on I already know what you're doing what
so I've been home working kind of um I'm
playing pretty and pink in the
background this guy and then the theme
that guy you ran away I know just left
um and they just got home or they didn't
just leave they left while I stayed here
doing my thing he just got home with
that so this is something that I've been
waiting for I'm very excited about the
d-max we showed me a video and this is
the DP 12 so it's a really special
shotgun and the reason why it's special
is because it's to Beverly 5 there's two
barrels so you can put eight in each and
in under five seconds you can fire off
16 rounds holy shit yeah so dark in here
yeah
oh goodness oh my god that sounds
menacing as fuck oh yeah so someone
comes in but scary and then you can fire
- boom boom that's it
oh my god
that shit looks intimidating I'm so
scared of that guy you should see that
there's different jokes you get so
basically just for like muzzles and that
have knives on them listen thank ya dad
I'm the theme you make it look like
you've uh you've actually held one of
these before I got this this is one of
the most accurate wait I thought you
could only get one gun at a time oh
you're gonna get one handgun a month Oh
hold on the minute oh my god that
doesn't even make sense
that's just the way the rules are
sometimes a lot of laws don't make sense
they should do one of those a month and
handguns once a month laws don't make
sense
I mean look Allen formula California law
I mean look what happened to that one
guy the guy that was robbing someone's
house he fell through the roof and
landed on something and he sued the
owner for having that anyone in
California California is one of those
states were like if you have a gun model
just shoot yourself hmm but anyways this
one is a it's a 1911 Springfield Armory
TRP and this is the FBI issue so this is
the highest the best production 1911
that you can buy and it's the standard
issue for a rep yeah agent that one's
pretty
yeah well I'm up front believer in
diversity so I have a lot of black guns
so dense Boyka like that this one and
also bushes off the same gun at rainy
day when he Denzel Washington's to him
and claps them together
boom oh oh my goodness I'm done with you
well like what fuck's happening in my
house right now what the fuck
this happens everything oh thank god
not kidding it does happen every day bar
and Adeem run outside like little
schoolgirls so that they can shoot the
pellet gun well I got something else for
it for us since so mom pair there's only
like guns yet but she does enjoy
shooting pellet guns with us so I bought
another target and when I realized today
was the target that we were shooting at
100 yards it was actually pretty hard
compared to the way we're passing at
home with her targets are bigger so I
might need a smaller target so I bought
the smaller target so not okay for a
smaller target and get better at
shooting your mother loves playing
pellet guns of this so thoughtful
oh my goodness what maqbara can't you
see how much I want you to be in my life
I enjoyed everything with you
oh my god
Bingbing hey we're just happen
so Jill just made a face like this right
now and earlier over in the car driving
back I told the demos I'll catch a
thousand percent this is what's going to
happen we're going to come inside and
then just gonna say did you guys eat and
then we're gonna say don't even say that
I know but is this listen I just follow
me I followed Amy I'm entertaining you I
told the Dean I'm gonna come inside and
then you're gonna say did you eat you're
always nosy and everyone like I care
about you and I'm gonna say yes and you
go there what did you eat and then we're
gonna say grill them all and I told her
they were gonna make a face it's gonna
be like or something like that so right
now when I said guess what we ate that
came out of nowhere - and I was like it
because I wasn't nosy and I didn't give
a shit so you were you're trying to
purposely ruffle my feathers did you
catch that everything was peaceful and
he just wanted to ruffle my feathers
what you don't want unity but bitch what
we actually didn't even do I just wanted
I just told him but that's what's gonna
happen
you know why we didn't eat cuz I know I
can get 100 hours I just told the Dean
jump I get hungry in hours what is he
later where the dog is he freaking
loving they don't like the guns I know I
know they're usually here but they're
all gone
I wonder why that clicking that noise
makes them nervous
they just know Ricki what tess's didn't
like it before cuz I shot him
you shot it what's our off with you
you're such a shitty person Tommy I
didn't shoot him look at your stomach
though oh my god I can't believe it's
been like 20 minutes and they're still
fucking at it you're weird
this is hiring I'm making a video to
show Joe and at what I got
oh my we do send each other fun stuff
girls our boy you guys look boring live
you guys are sending to legal my Barbie
dumb yeah cuz you guys a Barbie dolls we
do the dings a lady's fucking camera
around her cameraman around why you just
sat on the chair and like yet it he was
so close to the frame that you had to
bring the phone close to your chin my
suppose you didn't want to move what's
the good guys don't move
relax okay
he was doing that for ten fucking
minutes
what's wrong with you look at your
stomach
we've changed once we got married you
chick it's like you let yourself go
he stopped Li's oh my god in winter of
and the fourth of the US army was sent
on the top near the Sun in Vietnam
gross what mission was considered to be
that the follow us wherever the it's
goes cannot follow matter of those for
me grow lucky me I get stuck with this
beauty and that beauty yo you always lay
down like a fucking fabulous ass person
you're always like this all the time I
think I've been bashing on you this
whole video
we'll be amazing what movies is the cute
pertain oh I'm I became potato tell me
about that guy so this guy is my little
gun locker you spent like two hours I
was building the shelf building on this
can you show me what are you going your
marquee cuz you're responsible gun
owners yes muscle cutter like you've
everything locked cuz we have Isaac that
comes and visits us and eases a my
nephews and nieces you might want to
come from this angle there's a lot of
good stuff I'm gonna come to this angle
what angle Oh yours Oh Mia to know this
life for you they can get the full
picture look up top I got my three
handguns but let me see it's a little
bright there you go but if you look it
up top like that my three handguns and
two of them have extra magazines oh I
see it
locked and loaded I see it and then down
here I have my AR have my DP 12 and I'm
my 870 oh shit there's another one here
oh my goodness cousin D&D p12 are not
loaded but in case of a home defense I
have a fully loaded magazine that is out
of the gun with the chamber clear as you
can tell by the laser dice I can't
because it's a blown-out it's all really
bright music a little music
let me get a less bright flashlight well
that's better
so it's better in here I have my DP 12
and my 870 and then down here I have my
a ar-15 he looked at the Chamber's empty
bolster the rear and I also have a fully
loaded magazine ready to go in case
intruders come in and now these are just
some extra extra stock extra boxes I
have a rifle that's gonna get worked on
next week show me these guys again it's
what so I got a Glock 35 right here with
the extra magazine in the back I also
have a 1911 and also have a sig and all
of these bad boys have hollow points on
them and theory these are hollow points
are meant to go through car doors so if
we have bad guys come in and they are
coming with the vehicle then I better
watch out that's all disappeared this is
all my ammunition I have it labeled like
nine-millimeter 12-gauge five five six
is mixed so all these are filled with
nishan those are just shotgun shells
damn whoa
come to my house happens I'm pretty
ready me too but even though there's one
key so if I'm here all by myself so far
two keys where's the key the other key
is uh hidden right it's hidden all right
good
and uh just in case good good best so
I'm happy that you built your little uh
little gun shed good locker good locker
I think it's fucking awesome it looks
epic as fuck I'm kind of jealous I want
one just for my own accessories nothing
over guns is just so cute it looks great
you did a great job unfortunately you
have to come back down from cloud nine
we got to do this this is all clean
clothes this is a pile of clean clothes
oh they're not guilty no wait they're
guilty of being cute
you cute bitches
hey I've got our little eye robot that
needs filters oh yeah baby
filters I need the filter the little
brushes and needs a new one and it needs
a new filter I need a few things
actually you ready yeah look at that
dummy her Biggers butter stomach here's
your grave why'd you leave her but you
know was crazy I'll still hit it but I
said I'd still hit it oh my God look at
your boobs the side boob oh my god yeah
a skater comes oh my god different
person
- still have some sign of a six-pack
that's awesome
we're almost done folding clothes dude
like 90% of my clothes are workout
clothes like they're just gym clothes
look at this just barbell shirts and
sports bras barbell shirts gym clothes
and sports bras this is a homophone and
long socks a lot of long face with you
Oh
they come
donating he walked this on the team here
will be here no these are Easter
freaking familia
did you know they have cholos on the
Lakers or what
