what's up y'all today is one of the few
days in California that it ever rains
and even when it's raining it's like
super light rain but last night it was
pouring like it felt like a freaking
army of birds were just shitting on my
roof but today it's pretty chill and you
can tell how little it rains just by
looking at the grass look at this it's
raining right now but this grass is
brown as fuck
and most of the wildlife here in SoCal
is uh it's pretty sad like that look at
the next-door neighbor over there
everything is all brown but because it
rains so rarely it's actually a very
very peaceful feeling it has that like
waterfall effect you know when you go to
those massage places and they got that
random waterfall and they play all that
uh music with the flute like - - and
they got the dim lights and it just
automatically just chose you out that's
how I feel when it rains in California
because it's just like Cali is so big
especially in LA is so busy hustle and
bustle here all kinds of noise dogs
barking cop the hell are you doing down
there biggie we can cute-ass it and you
just hear all kinds like city noise you
know and that's one of the things that I
actually envy about the countryside or
like suburbia where like I like it when
you could just go on a neighborhood and
just come out to the middle of the
street and it's just quiet like I really
enjoy that and the older I get like when
I was younger I couldn't wait to move to
the city I was like you know i'ma get
all those artists lofts and uh imma be a
freaking like high high fast life type
of dude and be hustlin wake up at 5 a.m.
go to sleep at 12 midnight and just kill
it but the older that I get the more
that I want to chill and the more that I
want to hang out with these guys and now
I just like really enjoy like peaceful
calm
serene environments and that's what I
really like about this rain and you guys
might think I'm weird for bringing these
guys out for a walk but I have to what
the hell break II look all tangled up
you got Danny freaking crazy freaking
you get you drive like a freakin Chinese
person yeah yeah and y'all tangled up
give me this
so the reason I gotta take these guys
out right now is these guys have become
inside dogs so they live inside most of
the time and they got a pee so every few
hours I got to come outside and let them
pee and stuff and they're pretty good I
holding their pee like I think make it
hold it be up to like eight to ten hours
which probably isn't good so we usually
try to come back home or let them out
and theme song so just gonna jump out
the window
but our backyard is hella muddy right
now because of the rain so I'm just
gonna walk these guys for a little bit
and let them get all the pee pee out so
that uh we got a film today and if we
once we start filming
we're like gone for a good six hours so
I got to make sure I think into bathroom
break because the next time I come home
a probably like around five so I gotta
make sure that they get all their
peepees out oh this guy waters our lon
nice what do you guys smell what do you
guys smell so freakin cute you're so
freakin Kiko in the stomach kick you in
the fucking stomach talking to us
fucking dogs
this rain is a great excuse for me to
wear one of my Japanese cops not a
Japanese police officers but one of the
shoes that I cop or I bought for those
that are slang illiterate in Japan and I
got B's Oh fire baby so these are fly
nets and I think they're part of the
Nike like winter collection and I
thought they were hella dope and what's
cool about these is although it's fine
it's
they're actually waterproof proof I
think they're waterproof water resistant
but water will hit it and we'll just
roll right off so this is perfect for
this weather and my outfit of the day is
uh those shoes I got this olive green a
long trench coat of course I got the
black barber get a t-shirt and then I'll
probably rock a black hat and boom my
whole outfit is a black olive green and
then I got the little highlights to make
it pop and I got the neutral color pants
but I am starting to look fucking
ridiculous as shit cuz uh-huh
this bulk is hella real look at it shit
dude it looks like fucking tights or
fucking leggings or so look at the
goddamn fucking pocket dude goddamn the
insides about to come out fuck I'm
getting so fucking fat in this
motherfucker this looks retarded well
hey I'm trying my best to still look
good while I'm on this bulk but this
bulk is paying off actually because just
last week or two weeks ago I benched 380
so I'm really close to benching 400
which is my life goal and I squatted 455
pounds for a double meaning I did a two
reps and I felt like I had one more rep
in the tank so I'm getting way stronger
my overhead press I just smashed 225
pounds over my head easily with a no
bail or anything like that so uh that's
the goal this book the the goal of my
book is to get stronger and it's
happening and I'm really happy and then
I think imma keep this going for another
like two months and once I can hit 400
then I'm gonna start cutting back down
I'll probably just stay down and stay
leaner for a while but I haven't gotten
a nice bulk in and I want to just put on
some good size and good muscle and I got
that size down alright look at that
fucking pregnant belly dude
Wayne holy shit do I look like Humpty
Dumpty man ha I do what I can
but the shoes though Xia Xia fire fire
deal em see you fucking bucket crap
milega we are back on that delicious
McDonald's hustle again
Bam Bam look at this here that extra ice
I always get my cokes and my soft drinks
with extra ice extra extra exercise I
love ice like a motherfucker I don't
know what's wrong with my body but ever
since I was a kid I would just burn up
for no reason like not like I have a
fever but my body is just on fire and
right now it's raining and I bet
everyone's wearing raincoats of stuff
but since I took a shower
I'm freaking hot I'm wearing this wife
beater and I'm still sweating like I
could still feel my armpits about to
freakin perspire oh I don't know why my
body's like this I think I'm supposed to
live in Alaska or something but yup you
could always trust on McDonald's when
you're busy to get a yummy meal and back
on that JK grind about to make more
funny videos and still at the same
office they're working on our new office
right now but
come on thirsty I need some of this
delicious coke hmm
oh god damn dude that shit is like I
feel like McDonald's coffee with extra
ice is better than cocaine I never done
coke a before but it is so fucking good
let's suck some dick for it's so
delicious but yeah there are I think
there are still planning the new office
is almost done I think we still got
three more weeks but we're pretty much
building it and constructing it from the
ground huh like custom so there's a lot
of work to be done is like building an
entire house inside of a pre-existing
building so I'm really excited about
that but I can't wait to start working
that because I also get to bring the
puppies there and you know like you saw
me today after I walk them out to leave
him at home but it'd be awesome to be
able to bring the dogs
holy shit waiting like a motherfucker
now it'd be awesome to be able to bring
the dogs to work with me I'll be super
fun
oh we guys Sean and Ryan just pull it up
and they're fucking run around like Thor
just fucking waiting dude all right time
to get to work
what'd you say about my shoes I said
your pants are really tight
no and that's shirt let me get me Sean
no are you talking about that what are
you ring spandex know that these shoes
oh wow there are pretty fly I was saying
how I regret not getting them in Japan
with you why cuz they're just two cz I'm
like I don't have anything to pull these
things off
are you always compromise well your shoe
I get know you guys did you cop these no
I said you copy my style
would you take uh did you show them how
much it's pouring yeah it's freaking
pulling like a motherfucker yeah it's
fucking crazy like you guys just walked
in and you guys look like you went like
underneath the waterfall is that a
poncho
yeah well that's cool who's trying to be
Mexican yeah but these shoes done on
fire I'm feel I don't want to say regret
cuz it's a big big word
yeah um I am a little bit sad I didn't
get mine really yeah it's all right
though you know that a waterproof are
they yeah that's why I wanted a water
resistant waterproof uh probably not
waterproof cuz you can't submerge them
okay but the material is waterproof but
the shoelaces though it's gonna want go
in uh-huh
but the material mm-hmm all right we
lost a tripod everybody what the JK knew
the JK news tripod how they used that JK
news once mmm these aren't party ones we
lost a party tripod two of them he's my
big ass yeah jazz Tommy yeah what do you
say by the time you say done
motherfuckers always borrowing shit he
says he doesn't have any tripods
he's like Fargo has other cases but
while the barbel have baldies and a news
one yes we would never bother those
exactly though damn everyone's winter
Japanese clothes yeah I'm not either
wait trying to get it ruined in rain
exactly
Nadine's not even smart enough to use
this shit yes at least Oh what up Casey
McGehee - yeah yeah yeah what a case you
say he doesn't have anything what we
just lost okay no I was the only guy -
and then keep this one him could be
right but I don't know everything tried
at least we got to ask Tommy I think he
has a forgetful memory I think he he
probably bought it I could probably
explain the whole situation he probably
bought it for some for storm
entertainment project with fucking Noah
fucking some lightsaber bullshit and
applied for gotta somewhere me and Sean
and I think brendan has like this right
- spy on Allah's house or something that
Tommy left
we went out of the circle asking
everyone and it just went back to Tommy
I just went around this was the last
person that took it though
well when the last time we last I would
use it was for a JK party shoot which is
like early doesn't before Japan yeah and
we wouldn't take it out of the office
because well oh man we played coming
back there and since then you know is
point two because Tommy had shoots after
JK party better since then everybody's
been gone I mean I haven't been back in
the office you haven't been back and
he's the only one that balls a nice shit
everyone no order yeah everyone always
balls like the cheap shit of JK he's the
only one that's like what's the newest
thing we just bought let's borrow that
motherfucker knows that he took it but
he doesn't want to admit it cos he'll
get in trouble so you're trying to
fucking find watch you know you're gonna
come at me get it possibly behind us all
along
Oh Tommy what are we playing today we're
playing exploding kittens have you
played this before TIFF mm-hmm I have
heard of it and a lot of people are like
a rave about it how awesome this game is
I'm excited
have you played it before Josh no I've
read about on Facebook though it being
the number one Kickstarter read recently
what yeah
cards against humanity' was a
Kickstarter one too right yeah so this
is this may be the next one it's a
sequel have you played it before Julia
I've never played by I heard it was a
really good game cuz all my other
friends played they played all the time
yeah my doing actually like half game
like I'd be like excluding kids you
fucking kidding like oh my gosh yeah on
the cod are we just gonna play a sample
game right now yeah you don't want to
know what each card action card
represents you want to find out as we
play okay fine yeah oh babe I know I
already have too much information in my
brain from the from the video okay we
can't just gonna forget everything
there's so many rules there's actually
not that many rules really I made it
down extra complicating with the loud
ukelele I couldn't
I'm like lower than music so just like
you're in Hawaii I was distracting on
those thing about don't think it's
definitely opposite of Hawaii today
Jamie it's raining hard hard I'm going
to that's true but it's not cold hard
range you can you know bikini and who I
wish you just lay a few rounds we are
because that's what always helps us and
then when we start the first round and
we start recording it it always fucks us
up because there's all these questions
in the beginning yeah we will summon
explain that actually parts first what a
fucking baby spider right here Oh baby
spider right so everyone called in in
this part and everyone knows how the
defuse card works right yes so
everyone's gonna start off with one
defuse card so everyone is like safe so
these are some of the action cards a lot
of the other ones are just empty cards
like this beard cat there's no action on
him it's just funny and if you guys want
to read them out loud go ahead I like
what is it this is nothing there's no
action on issue it's like the taco
exactly like the bulls question does
everyone know what everyone has know I
know you keep your cards to yourself
well just when it comes all the thievery
part you don't want them to know that
you have that's a little about the how
you know you've had the discard cuz I
paid attention exactly everyone has one
everyone saw one one you don't get more
um unless you take it from someone or
you happen to draw it on the from here
they got pay attention to who use
they're ready yeah so what's hot that's
the one where it it ends your turn and
it makes the next person have to pick
two turns oh two cards which you don't
want to do because it's roulette style
or like the restroom of that stuff so
you're pulling the trigger twice pretty
much yeah and you don't want to do that
so this is when the note card would be
like nope I'm stopping it and then it
goes back to the person that first put
this down just to let you know I'm
getting a revolver in February I don't
care okay is it at no mom stop we're in
the middle of something else what did
you do that for why you bought it no
faster yeah I bother that gonna fix the
last time I ordered it so it's my
February pick up okay this is an
exploding kitten card each one looks
different just pay attention not to the
picture but just to the word the
favorite card I mean it does tell you on
the bottom this one
as um one player must give you a card of
their choice what can be like to shit
well I mean unless they all have one
player a player of your choice um yeah
so ever whoever you choose you don't
pick I go like tip and then she just
gives me a fucking useless beard cat if
she has a lot of questions so say for
instance someone has an exploding cake
and then they use a defuse card can a
note there's a few so they know those
are the only ones you can't you're so
fucking shady Josh why would you do
something like that are the only team
you can't nope - okay yeah everything
else you can know and and since this is
two actions would you know that you only
know being one of the two timid Nick two
cards oh oh
if you didn't know just go back to the
person um it does but you still have to
do one of the two so it only notes one
action yeah an attack has to well attack
has three actions you end your turn and
the other person takes two cards that's
the draw two cards yeah yeah but when
you nope it all it does is it it just
resets everything so it's as if this
card ever came out yeah okay not it
doesn't just take away the one action
yeah yeah it's negates the whole car
yeah it just resets their whole play and
then true it just says all that it says
end you end your turn without drawing a
card oh my gos buttcheeks
so if you think someone placed an
exploring kid in at the top then you
just skip your own thing okay I'll do
the future with this one you get to see
the first three cards well it's the
first three I thought you can see the
whole deck no no you see the first three
cards Oh
privately view the top three cards of
the deck that's see the future and then
shuffle is you just shuffle the draw
pile okay that's it sounds like a good
time okay let's do the practice Blaine
shuffle one half and then someone
shuffle the other hey practice can you
defuse what no stretch you want to leave
them there to wait what yeah just not
the defuse everyone keep your defuse
guess what Nadeem my gun lights came in
the xc1 they're really small
those are the ones are uh really super
small yeah they're the ones are really
really tiny and you put it on the gun
and they even have holsters because of
how revolutionary this is they already
have holsters that are made for your gun
with that light that's how you can put
them all right up that's a good idea
yeah all right time to open this bad boy
ultra compact LED pistol light there's
only 200 lumens but it's made perfect
for indoors and how fun how compact it
is so because I have my thousand billion
cash light so I don't need that I'm sure
it's a little bit of make it's the whole
thing limited it's hard okay
she's my screwdriver he's my girl
you know this probably
this probably probably
oh shit
you
damnit
doesn't come with the little tools
usually comes a little pullback damn it
can't put them on yet they need a get a
little do the have a battery yeah has a
battery buddy to unscrew this Dan your
forms look huge yeah right veins no way
I'm so fair enough
you know veins it's not a screws back in
place
did that believe the tour is just a
light no it's just a light but look how
small it is yeah it's like you can't
even tell that the thing has a good
being you can't even tell that the gun
has a line on it yeah we have a holster
for you to know I'm gonna get it I'm
gonna get like a holster I might even
get one of those where underneath
holsters really mm-hmm
what why would you get that I don't know
just in case yeah it's not stuck on yet
but okay let me try for like sob right
is your shoulder refracted oh yeah I got
a flashlight guys a thousand lumen
flashlight right back
that's so dark so this is my gun light
and I don't have a complete screwed on
yet but if someone comes in the door and
I see something funny and I'm like what
the fuck I got my gun already pointed
out there oh look how big the circle is
is nice it's perfect it's perfect for
like you're just humming like imagine
you hear like what the fuck is that
and you start going for you're hiding
underneath the couch you fuck is that
put your fucking hands up right now
spread your butt cheeks and fucking eat
the floor why spread your butt cheeks so
you can see what the fuck are hiding in
there
watch the camera don't flush me then go
oh damn and then I got my thousand lumen
wha
hello you got my thousand lumen
flashlight so this is low there's a low
setting and then this is that's the high
setting boom the whole room is lit up
boom if I put this on the ceiling it's
like oh it's like so I really need to
see what the fuck - blah
boom what the fuck when I see the tree
outside what what the fuck what what the
fuck's going on there what I could even
look into my Porsche I know moto e
moodily can't see shit sack of like wait
I heard someone at the Porsche boom all
got cool no one design what the fuck
someone down the street all right flash
out the camera boom easy shit
see this is the goal the goal is you
never turn into a dolt
you never grow up you just buy better
toys when you get older so you stay on
stay happy you so so these are adult
toys yes
spread your fucking butt sheets right
fucking now I usually hear that with a
different type of adult toys all astir
but be these ones but look at the shape
the shape is a same thing all right so
right in front of you is the staple
center in our downtown LA and it's a in
the heart of downtown LA this is one of
my purple my favorite sheets is purple
but we on the camera looks blue does it
oh but right in front of us oh all the
cars are moving but that is the staple
center and this is one of the rare times
that I get to go here
and the reason why we get to go here is
because Aaron bought us a really really
really really really really really
really really really cool wedding gift
cool they're gonna stay more fun so what
happened was um what's really cool about
this is not even know if Aaron knows how
cool this is
but growing up in LA I've never been to
a actual Laker game before and because
Laker tickets are expensive and Kobe had
his whole dynasty here and all that
stuff and we have the LA Clippers which
are killing it with Blake Griffin Chris
Paul so I love basketball but um it's
just really expensive to watch
basketball in LA and so I've never been
so it's so cool that Aaron bought me and
geo our first Laker games your first a
gamer no this is my first yeah me and
Jill's first Laker game tickets and I
was looking at the seats it's actually
pretty close to the court so I'm really
excited about that but on top of that
they're playing the 2015 NBA Finals
champions the Golden State Warriors so
the double dick dildo here is not only
are we watching the former champions and
probably going to be the 2016 champions
play but Kobe was retiring and I get to
watch copies last year last season so
this is a really really exciting
meaningful and sentimental game all
wrapped up into one are you excited yeah
I'm super excited there's gonna be fun
building so pretty I can't remember the
last time I was in the Staples Center I
think we've watched the hockey game in
here oh yeah yeah
I think they were like the LA Kings
sought Rawdon higher do you know how big
of an event
Kobe retiring is um I would assume it's
really big just cuz he's like he's like
our baby like we saw him grow up you
know he's always been super loyal to LA
he's only Ali's been his only home um
and he's like he's just amazing like
he's he's like I know I'm gonna probably
get hit on this but second to Jordan
he's pretty fucking legendary he is the
Jordan of our generation of our
generation absolutely there's no one
that's clutches and like LeBron James is
a beast he's amazing - he's not clutch
like if you need someone to make the
game-winning point he has failed
miserably multiple times but Kobe is the
guy left in his prime right now he's
like everyone like give it a Kobe give
it to him and he's gonna make it happen
he always does time and time again and
he's a very classy guy on and off the
court and he is the Jordan of our
generation and he is so influential in
basketball that right now like I've been
watching I fall bleacher reported the I
gene and almost like every other stadium
that he plays in even with our biggest
rival the Boston Celtics they always
give him a standing ovation when he
walks off the court that's how much
respect the entire NBA and all the teams
have for him and it's really cool that
like if item if Aaron didn't give us
these tickets I would just have never
been able to watch Kobe play life you
know like I I want to watch basketball
but I'm just not that invest enough to
like buy the tickets or whatever but
because Aaron purchased it now we have
to come and because of this I get to
witness history you know yeah I'm kind
of sad that I'd never watched Michael
Jackson live either because like he was
living during our generation and I just
never got around to it I watched some
stupid-ass other rappers and stuff but I
should have watched like the legends of
our generation I think it's important so
I'm really happy to be able to see Kobe
which is a legend of our generation at
least on the court even if he's benched
today and he's just injured or something
but to be able to see him in person
that's really cool it is and I mean we
did discuss it and make it a point that
you know people that were influenced by
in terms of celebrity status that we do
make it a point now to catch them at a
concert or I don't event where we're
like dude we're taking these people for
granted like they're not going to be
here forever
so um so it's cool that you know Aaron
had our back so much where he's like man
these these two kids let me hook them up
even though we're this image
yeah it was a really it was really a
great gift it was very thoughtful too
because he knows our history and he
knows we're not gonna do this for
ourselves so he's like yeah I'm gonna
hook em up thank you today Ron Tiki and
Daddy playing Ron aka daddy long long
daddy dean down along with a people
crossing you little thing Don fun
ching-chong driver
watch the chemist or
or to see the corner right there it
doesn't look that close but this is what
I see
we claw
I'm so glad that we came here
we can watch them warm up a little bit
take it all in
time
over there my numbers all the world
championship
take you all there right now look I'm
looking at big ass
take it
picking it I'm taking it
damn one
copies of a stomachache
this is local for once I'm gonna see
where my vision and my perspective is
better than what I see on camera even
zoom then I see it closer
when I'm the man
oh those that Wally
Oster scurry in the house
oh that's blue toys man
homey believe
oh they got a fight
the wrong spot they don't mind this
all freaking war
doesn't this warm up oh no I think I
picture for Brandon right now
I am vlog
all right about the spot
all snaps game started oh yeah
there's my student
what we gonna do about that
you shit about that
do
No
so cool
whether all the way down
and it's hard a white lady based on
that's why Mayweather is a fire
how much those seats anybody else famous
down there
kind of like market
I can't doubt
far away
we are only 18 points behind not bad not
bad at all is a fun so far mother yeah
pretty sexy amazing yeah I'm so close
and then all these little sad faces
because see us on TV
my god
I realized
our seats were until I started looking
up so as I started looking up on my oh
shit their seats up here and then their
seats all the way up there on my holy
shit look how far those guys are
there's people all the way now I know
what the nosebleeds aren't I didn't
really know what that was
nobody told me Jason channels gonna
perform during halftime
damn Jason
Jason Chan
for Jason shall
music never sleeps on
all the hell do you figure out you can
do shit like this
what do you think people know are they
just in the backyard balancing in their
leg you know what really
good
put on a glitter shirt on
wanna see
enjoy
I don't know
you gotta win your vote guys
this much nice and I'd like it to be
give me my rice this much longer
like
