see I'm drunk DeeAnn where we going
where are we going too far valve okay
look at that blue I'm blue I'm blue
action hey cook no fuck you did it right
he's got to do it one time with
confidence there it is
shit not what happens I don't know I
think it's also like it's supposed to go
all the way up but you didn't do it
confidence I think it it if out your
little pussy footing you gotta just be
like BAM and open exams walk look at
this ride hey it's just quiet damn look
at this ride can you get enough of it ma
bruh can't get enough of your new G ride
your new whip Sam's walk oh this is the
front end
what's the significance of in and out to
Californians what's this thing that's
huge
you don't say la specifically you don't
you can't mention la without mentioning
in and out it's like blasting it's
legendary like everyone that is from out
of the country they always say we got to
try in and out what's your favorite food
to gain or first of all what do they
have and so in and out sticks to its
root and it's super traditional and it
only has three items it has your
hamburger your regular cheeseburger as
your double double double double is to
be pennies so they're pretty much all
hamburgers it's just some have extra
patties some have cheese yeah that's it
so that's how simple the menu is they
have your drinks which are like fountain
drinks regular drinks likes rides
root beer because she lemonade they're
known for the money - pink lemonade buy
lemonade right and then they have like
milkshakes that's it over the years
they've gotten so popular that people
started customizing some other food and
there's like a secret menu stuff like
what bar order which is a three by three
and they have animal style and they have
like flying dutchman Flying Dutchmen
they have produce well protein style
they had a dried mustard cheese grilled
cheese I you see that all the time when
I was vegetarian
there's just no even that they have the
angry bowel
I've never that's that's the one with
all the jalapenos in it those are always
having all that them all the jalapenos
are there start just kidding I just made
that one up oh but here's the menu
that's all the over there as you can see
they keep it real real simple Sam does
not want to focus keep it real real
simple but yeah see oh my gosh
cheeseburgers hamburgers french fries
that's it what's your favorite food at
there now oh yeah how come you know like
cheese are you that thing with the four
by zero four by zero is a four patties
know me well and then if you get the
full points for patties for cheese are
you that stupid but you don't like
cheese yeah because I love yourself I
should be nice everybody call mister my
eyelashes but they also say that your IQ
is total everyone says that I test my
keys
- watch your eyebrows watch my room yeah
yeah let's clean it up
oh here yeah not here
what what about your cheeks I need I
want to get these yeah because I fucked
up and my brother Shiva my girls we come
in there now getting the hell out of
here
cuz you shaved it yeah no I think it's
just as your hair you know are you can
whisk yours instead
or maybe you're a parts a Squatch yeah
I've been that's crazy what it's like
the girls from here and then it
convinced I see sure I'm sure I got at
least one uncle looks like you get this
razor yeah yeah laser she is sure yeah
any hair you can get laser why would you
feel like that oh I mean like can you go
out of my bubble is it oh yeah what'd
you do yeah a nice bubble yeah I'm such
a nice mom let's say weird
why as one see the person that have to
that's obviously the person I like so I
can bend over and expect this shoots
laser yeah that's exactly they don't see
let me spread it there's a moment over
now and it's kind of its kind of known
what's gonna happen next
they tell you to shave it to first right
one by one like this and then they don't
go like this we need their other hand
but they just do one side and then they
do the laser and they're like I like to
make sure like why should like these
they tell you to shave it first - I
point them it's so people you know cuz
they can't they can laser a furry bubble
well they can but then it's really
painful for you because it's essentially
burning the hair in the hair home Oh to
catch on fire burns not like flames
rather good at wax why another like me
like sit down on a wire just like squat
up really fast
no waxing is every few weeks depending
on how fast your hair goes dude several
months but as permanent though once you
get all the treatments are done wax you
have to keep doing it every month
permanent it just comes out finer so
like let's say don't do it for a year I
will have no back well let's say you got
ten laser sessions and your bubble is
nice and smooth true I mean my balls
make sure it is would have a nice ball
what are you looking at all their cars
we're gonna get one today hopefully well
Sam's walk
coming up in life you know one thing I
never really telling the team i'ma tell
you right now he's smart and he's mature
oh I'm not gonna bullshit people but one
thing I want to say about the team is
that that for his age I'm very very
proud of him because when I was his age
I had a cup of it I am coming
this is this let me enjoy it let me
enjoy this is like this is the last time
I drink it the shirt you're wearing
follow that I can't read uh-oh continue
so Nadeem is for it when I was his age I
used to focus on the team's really young
he was 19 just 120 and when I was his
age I used to fuck around all the time I
didn't pay attention in college I didn't
know what the hell I wanted to do I must
stop this book but in the game he knew
what he wanted to do at 18 or even 17
came down a barbell brigade to drive
down from San Francisco like every month
and training and become friends with
everyone at barbell and he got himself a
job at barbell and he learned how to
edit and direct and shoot they move down
and learn editing directors shoot from
Casey so he completely just pursues his
passions knows what he wants to do and
grab life by the horns and just and
completely fucked it and now at a young
age at 20 the team saved up enough money
to finally buy his own first car which I
wasn't even able to do until I don't
know when like when I was like
five or twenty seven I am a loser which
is why I praise the demon I'm very proud
of him that he is able to make a huge
change in his life move to somewhere
that's completely unknown to him and
have a good job and now be able to buy
his own car make his pants pop with you
guys is help okay I bet your pants are
really proud of you
hopefully they tell me they
because I'm proud of you a part of India
so father ugly did yes
oh you're the tiny one I got the three
Bible animal-style becoming fucking
patties on this mouth sucker
yep I got the little baby shits all
right deal says she doesn't she loves
Tomatoes but she's gonna take those two
neighbors I bet you this is a lot of
tomatoes for like a balance I don't like
one thing being like bullshit he planned
it to be bounced right chef oh god that
looks yummy I can't wait mmm
oh yeah baby boo boo all right so if you
want to know what's inside the part and
you can look at it but then it also and
I tell you the total amount of the car
they call that the window sticker so the
window sticker the sticker price and it
tells everything that's included so you
have your dual front airbags I mean what
are you looking for in this car one day
realistic okay yes this one good with
the Bluetooth wireless technology
oh you have a three month subscription
the Sirius XM I got one year just saying
but it's worth as if you have Pandora
don't need any of that shit anti-lock
brakes which I feel like these are all
pretty standard air conditioning bill
power windows
again they state this because some of
them don't the thing that really is
beneficial and I highly recommend it if
you can get it is the rearview backup
camera especially with a big car yeah
especially with a big car it's hard
apart sometimes you'll want to hit your
bumper thank you yes sir
yeah supposed to look elegant but
aggressive like a tiger it's mostly good
but what did you say about the Audi guy
howdy guy Tiger nose grill it's an
elegant and aggressive Oh binds
human-like qualities the feline
qualities I like that
yeah the interiors are more upscale
we're having more people not compare
this vehicle less rental like with like
a pilot or Highlander going on and in
some other Chevy Ford they're looking at
this car they're looking at the Infiniti
qx60 the the Acura MDX the Lexus RX the
insides are great are very nice this is
become with the 17th or buses these are
flipsie 23 dollars more you get 7 seats
is you got to upgrade a couple things ok
yeah
what does it feel so far 1920 horseman
oh yeah yeah yeah I'm gonna drag race it
yeah oh yeah let's find out what the
quarter-mile time is on this bad boy
I like the music you guys got going on
oh yeah it's real good oh yeah oh Carly
and right now in the game Kia Sorento
which model is this the e^x model the
other one was a Alex Alex the Apple
holds the horsepower on this one 1885
this one's 299 damn 100 over 100
horsepower more
v6 how do you like the Sorento so far I
really like it you did I like this one
too because it has 7 seats instead of
fun oh you want to bring our imaginary
friends up yeah that's a good plus brig
info ok
how does it feel about to buy your first
car good I'm happy really very excited
I'm excited for you
it's a big boy this isn't right it is
are you nervous
now that we're handling the paperwork
section what are you nervous about since
I'm very young I don't have establish
credit and my credit score can't beat
that good so hopefully they still give
me the card and it's not too expensive
you know what the good thing is is if
you do get this car this is going to
start building a credit so later on like
few years down the line when it's time
to get another car get whatever this
will be on your credit report history
and they'll show that you can have
anything linked when payments and I'll
boost your credit score if you don't
fuck things up I always fuck shit up so
so lysse alright so this first document
here's a privacy statement means your
information kia street is confidential
we don't share sell your personal data
right there that's what they all say
you'll be getting offers from best buy
from a series I like I said from credit
if this signing date how's the team
doing with his first car buying
experience has he cried yet which I'm
surprised the old are you when your
first buyer first part I was
my first car I was like 19 like your
first new car we're yet the step into a
dealership 20 it is pretty intimidating
I'll bring this lady Kirk were you
intimidated oh yeah
well no not really I really wasn't
because I really had no help like my dad
was like I'll help you but he didn't
help me see I think he really wanted me
to learn so I did all the research on my
own I called multiple dealerships got
complete price comparisons over the
phone I found out who think it's I did
everything by myself um but because I
was so equipped with so much information
I wasn't as intimidated I was scared
so my go could happen next but then when
you start dealing with paperwork and get
all these papers shuffle in front of you
got to feel all these things out of
these credit reports it is pretty
daunting yeah yeah it was scary but I
mean I just felt confident in like my
ability of what I wanted like I was
pretty firm with what I wanted that's
what me even my dad was like whew I'm
really surprised like you didn't like
come to me for help at any point in this
process I'm like
I Mack one Geo prima say you're a little
bitch that's true
nothing so true my dad he's what we're
doing we're here for moral support and
the deme is doing a great job counting
races
really
so I'm the deme ended up not being able
to go home with a car today
unfortunately and some of it's not even
his fault he's just a young guy doesn't
have established credit and he's had I
think two loans one for his camera and
one for his lens that he paid off but
because there were late payments on
there that affected his credit so now he
learned that so I think the good thing
about this is that it's a learning
experience and the deme now learns what
he has to do to bring up his credit and
how he has to balance his savings in
order to increase his credit score
because your credit score in America is
pretty much the thing that opens it's
the key that opens most major doors if
you want to buy a house later some
states if you want to get a concealed
carry weapons license if you want to buy
a nice car you know and pretty much like
what I learned today too is the bank's
before they offer you a loan for your
car or whatever they want to see linear
progression so yeah and the deme has
borrowed $1,000 from his credit card to
buy his lens but how does that prove
that he can pay off a $30,000 car which
is the amount of the car that he wants
now if you wanted to get like a $15,000
car the bank would have approved it but
the car that he really wants is 30,000
so that's a huge step right there and I
think the same can go for someone at my
stage in life where yeah I have a
Porsche but like let's say I want to buy
a mansion for some reason like let's say
I want to buy a match for two million
dollars how does a hundred and ten
thousand dollar car me paying that off
give the bank confidence that I can buy
and finance and pay off a two million
dollar house there's still a huge gap
there so what you want to do in life is
it's very similar to lifting weights
actually you want to have linear
progression so maybe instead of going
after my dream home it might be in my
best interest to buy a starter up home
by home that's five hundred thousand
dollars that's not too far off from my
Porsche car payment show that I can pay
that for a few years and then sell that
house and trade it for much more
expensive home and being able to fill in
those gaps that's what the banks want to
see and that's what the credit bureaus
want to see to show that you have good
credit
so due to Nadine's young age he doesn't
really have established credit I mean
that I think only has like one or two
credit cards and the limits are very low
so jumping from something that's 800
bucks 900 bucks it's something that's
30000 that's a huge leap of faith that
you're asking the bank to take so I can
understand from like a financial
institution standpoint as well and I'm
really happy I was able to go with a
deem a because uh Nadeem is a it's a
good learning experience from him
because he's going through so many
things at a young age I'm actually
really grateful that my first first car
that I don't even consider that I bought
but technically I did is a 2004 tacoma
that my mom co-signed so because she was
able to cosign me technically on paper I
already had a loan payment ever since I
was 19
but I don't consider that card that I
bought it because I used her money so
the first car that I purchased myself
was a brand new car as a Durango and
because I've had established credit
since I was 19 my mom co-sign it helped
me out summer actually really grateful
thank you mom for that for helping me
cosign and build my credit at such a
young age but Nadine was doing all this
by himself all his parents are on the
bay his relatives on the base no one can
really cosign from so he has to go
through this himself and because that
has to build all these baby steps but
this is such a great learning experience
for him and for me and I wanted to share
with you guys because I know a lot of
you guys are gonna be purchasing
probably like your first car or your
first dream car or you know making a big
purchase very soon in your guyses lives
and it's good to kind of keep these
things in your mind so you know how to
play the financial game so that you can
end up getting the things that you want
because it's not that simple it's not
just because you have the money you can
buy it there's so many other things that
play into it so it's important to look
at all the things that contribute in to
you getting what you want from many
years before just so that you can play a
strategic game and end up being
successful are you down for you said you
wanted me right let's get shop
shabbu I said I'm walking taco but King
Taco makes my butthole freakin blow out
like a flat tire
cuz you put a bunch of chili on it no I
don't use that anymore yeah yeah you
just said no I've been decreasing my
chili usage I can target but it still
make do you not use chili yes I do
but you kept you have to because without
chili the King toggle toggle tastes
funny Jeff Dunham style socks on please
talk about where it's off I think
26th Street or so all those lines it's
next to the Moutai oh yeah we used to go
there all the time back winces yeah we
still go there feel like I might be good
compromise it is but you still need hot
sauce oh my god I mean maybe you'll get
lucky you're chilling there hot sauce to
be better there versus King Taco that's
true I'm down I'm gonna go there cuz
it's just a king taco hot sauce that
blows my buff about easy oh that's the
work you cute bitches fucking look how
cute they are you see how cute they are
my bear their butts are touching so
fucking cute because they're so freaking
cute no oh so we found out we're looking
at white bricky has his uh it was all
black but now it's fading out and then
what's going on with the nose and then
we looked it up and it's called winter
nose or some dogs during the winter
their nose starts to fade a little bit
that's all I'll bring you thanks for
winking at me funny fungus for me you
guys are so cute
fungus fire me talk to me with your eyes
oh fuck away from me
talk to me with their eyes she says I
want a milkshake me too fungus funny so
where are you gonna get them baby we're
gonna go to that 26th Street plays or
you want to get shabu shabu
oh you what do you want to eat come on
down grandma what do you what do you
want then um GPS we have enough time if
we go to all those a legit one but I
don't have another one
why we have to be that seven on the
daughter oh well what time's remaining
where Erin I'm not meeting with Erin oh
you're not no sure what are you doing
y'all stuff to do tonight you like a
meeting like that time like you got to
be somewhere
oh no but you got stuff to do it all
right so do i I think we got a
consolidate footage and we gotta go to
Bryce's thing because I guess my
question is do you have the time to eat
Korean barbecue stop by a barbell for
like 30 minutes and then head back it
won't be home until I eat ish you do at
that time so then are you cool with
Korean barbecue are you cool with the
pig place yeah which one do you want to
go oh my favorite one that's like that
one's always busy yeah but it's fire
right now so if we go there now we could
beat the brush let's see how long it
takes for Gio to get out of this couch
that was already 5 seconds 6 7 8 9 10 11
12 34 56 78 9 2013 21 seconds intimate
shake and about shake shake your guys's
butts but shake like a mom bum bum bum
shake a butt shake ur butt butt butt
butt butt butt butt butt butt butt shake
those buds this is my bear
and she always shakes her head at me
introduce me all the time yeah no yeah
well cuz I'm introducing a new mob at
the head shaker mob why are you shaking
her head earlier
what what that's the most beautiful
thing I've ever seen a cup full of ice I
love ice what's wrong with that I think
they only gave enough ice like up to
here so I have to pull it out yes yes I
am
oh my god thank you yeah it's done
inside
you got away your book that guy
we're just give me my rice this much ice
longer
no this is an accumulation of things
these are just one of the million things
of your exaggerated get you my rice
me whereas I've heard about you what the
hell
nothing what am i exaggerated look
everything this is the formal way to
chill coca you pour it over the head
and then you still can't drink it on the
floor and you wanted
on the slide
this minute
who are you spinning it because it gives
them really cool
I'm gonna eat you I'm starving
so this is our last stop for the night
Brice Lewis and honey are holding a
powerlifting seminar here so we're just
stopping by just to make sure
everything's running smooth and see how
everything's going shake some hands kiss
some faces slap some butts all right you
know you do that networking socializing
thing every now and then yeah so we're
just doing a little bit of that and then
I get to go home and relax and deal with
my pups again all right so so the
seminar is going on right now and Jeremy
is also filling up on the deme oh that's
amazing question I guess master seminar
are you guys touching heads now the tips
aren't touching that's fine but um oh
cool that's Evans one of our new hires
and the summer
okay and then the seminars going on
right now and there's a good amount of
people everyone's getting their form
checked up and people are lifting sweat
and grinded hustling
nice I love seeing barbell like this so
many serious Fitness athletes trying to
better themselves learn more gain more
knowledge effective technique at barbell
brigade I'm not try to walk in without
disturbing what's going on and not cause
a scene
people lift in we have the music on low
so people can talk and explain stuff
Joel got a nice haircut
Ren has a nice sweater it looks nice you
guys have some other sweaters hi James
hi James
there's more instruction going on over
here see what they're talking about
rice is saying something do me a favor
and lie down the ground
we only have so much room in the fever
so price is a very experienced power
lifter extremely strong fire spots over
600 that lives over 700 benches over 400
miles of shit ton of stuff so he's doing
a demonstration here to life eyes
touching each other that's not me he's
the guy he's really strong too from the
strength that they check them out on
their website the strength athlete back
home
if you ever need online coaching or
anything like that based on
I like that position and some pieces of
zoomin to it we get pelvic rounding at
the bottom pelvic rounding what is guys
preventing we have a sound signal
that position he's not going in lower
what the heck is going on
this is neil guys know each other
that's the face my love you real real
school swim for you last time when I saw
it it had like
