heads blurry blurry it's blurry its
blurry hey what's up beautiful people
I haven't said that in turn a long time
and I love the fact that you guys have
been calling me out on it that I haven't
been saying what's up beautiful people
and all my intros but I'm trying to
bring it back today there's a special
guest in my immediate vicinity there's
one of the special guests this is not
actually a guest at all
Oh sound effect I'm holding a camera and
I feel the metal and it's really cold
because it was in the car so it feels
like this gold medal in sideways just
gone like ting ting ting ting ting ting
ting but then I turn his head cheek so
Cheng town about your day why are you
here what the hell gone why do you look
like that look I want it like this
talking about
you look very loungy you have to get
offended well I was working over there
and then mob real people person it to me
because in this direction only I look at
when you went next to me nas Lipa mob
bear I need to really concentrate cuz
I'm trying to write some movie ideas
down I don't care
so next to me I might I find so I sat
next to you I didn't know I was that
romantic yeah now I'm here no I'm the
romantic or one because I spend it she's
a romantic er yes I spend my whole time
sitting next to you while writing down
these movie pitches you're amazing and
romantic mm-hmm thanks papa right about
that yeah so that's kind of what we're
doing today we are spending our time at
home in loungy gear as you can see there
I have my Tyson sweater I mean for my
Tyson hi Tyson my Tyson blanket that
father made for me for my birthday you
know
is realized today but earlier that I
forgot all about
Tyson's beam song and I said pick up
Tyson like this and go Hawai five all
right you see his wiener going like this
that's his name some he loves it one and
his hands were like stick out straight
like this and you were just like so like
FML face yeah I love it
I miss Tyson do you want to get another
Tyson anytime soon I do like I would
love to have because like we have two
awesome puppies and and they all have
great personalities but I don't know
like Tyson can tree be replaced number
one he had such a great personality and
I don't know like what to attribute that
to
it could be a because he's a boy so I
think boy dogs have a certain
personality but I don't know that's not
even that might not even be true because
some boy dogs a lot of boy doesn't
behave the way Tyson does right now
think the gender matters the second
thing is Tyson is part Rottweiler which
gives him this very bold an alpha male
type of personality but third um I had
him ever since he was eight weeks old so
he lived with me for a good 15 years and
our living chemistry could have molded
him to be the way that he is so like
he's such a unique compassionate and
aggressive dog and like his presence I
just miss him cuz he has like this like
I don't give a fuck about anybody who
the fuck's at the door type of mentality
I love that but when no one's around and
he just mess with him like he's just
like all cute and he could do whatever
the hell you want to me just let you do
it yeah he's the chillest dog I've ever
met and I've grown up with dogs my whole
life like I've had uh Pookie Rambis
I've had like eight dogs in my life that
I'm like that I grew up with like eight
different dogs the aula died of natural
causes or like just old age
and I you know every single dog has its
separate personality females males they
do have you know the gender does play a
role in I guess their personality so
girls stereotypically again this also
depends on the breed but stereotypically
girls are more like alert though the
Barkers but I mean that doesn't really
really like you know give them their
personality but a dog like Tyson was so
damn unique that like I mean he's been
gone for how many months now we still
can't let go because he's such an
amazing unique dog that I swear and
maybe every dog owner thinks this but
like I swear he's like a boy like he's
human like his eyes would express so
much human emotion he would like you
know brought when he needed to grunt he
would exhale when he was just over it on
you knew and he was in trouble you knew
and he was sad like he knew and he was
in trouble like he just expressed so
much emotion and like with dogs I've
never really seen them other than like
happy and there's like stupid hat
because they're like other than that
I've never really or or fear they don't
really express frustration or boredom
like I don't know I do I don't see it
hasn't spoke with his eyes he did they
just looked at you I need little
eyebrows and I think that comes from the
Rottweiler side
what about fawni's astronaut boot so
fawn over there
you've been funny she's really afraid of
um fireworks
loud noises and loud noises specifically
fireworks they freaked her the hell out
and um while Bart and I were out to
dinner a team was working from home and
uh he said he heard the firework she was
freaking out and she cut her foot trying
to escape the backyard so she can come
inside with us cuz she feels the safest
with us and that's a result of her
trying to escape so she she cut open her
little Paul or pad um on the bottom of
her whoa zoom out hold on what happened
look at this whoa I'm trying to zoom out
that's right here darling well thank you
my babe
let's zoom out slowly
did you forget this unlucky out when he
zoomed in slowly yeah uh so she cut open
one of her little paw pads on her Paul
and uh you know we disinfected it we
cleaned it and then we put like gauze on
it just let it cook heal we even threw
on some like neosporin so that like you
know because it has antibacterial agents
in it and we had to use duct tape since
they are her you know her feet her shoes
uh any other type of like you know wrap
that we put on her foot she's just gonna
tear through it immediately so we
figured um that tip was a most terrible
but it's so cute cuz she walks right and
you can hear her little astronaut boot
all over the wood floor mom that's 12
what does that mean you tell me what
that means
alright so here's so here's the thing I
have been on the market for a new car
you have have you for quite some time
now
oh um so I've been driving a 2008 Honda
Accord Coupe which most of you guys
already know this cuz I've put it in
several JK film skits and videos what's
in my car and all that and what's my car
yeah all of that stuff
and uh I recently purchased a new
vehicle and with crazy is one this
particular vehicle as soon as it they
get the shipment like the dealers get
the shipment it's immediately out the
door because it's like high demand and I
got really lucky I walked in they had
all the specs that I wanted in the car
the interior the exterior arm you know
the model types everything I wanted in
it they had it exactly it took like 20
minutes of negotiation BAM got the deal
I want it signed the paperwork and he's
like you know what um we made this deal
everything's good to go the car is yours
however this car is so new we just
received the shipment like two days ago
straight from Germany
hint and they were like you know we
haven't given it a proper road test all
the safety points we haven't checked it
we haven't even detailed it because it
still had like the white wrap all
overage aesthetic everywhere yeah so
that it could protect it protect it from
like you know the traveling and like the
you know the weather all of that so they
were like you can't take it home with
you today um our service department is
closed on the weekend because I got on a
Saturday we're like they're really
closed for tonight they don't open on
Sunday see the earliest you can drive
your car out of here is Monday noon and
now it's Monday noon ah I can't wait to
show you guys what I got uh this has
been something that I wanted since I
even knew what cars were and uh and yeah
I don't really care about like fancy
shit I don't care about like with labels
or shit though um where most people
would consider fancy shit are like the
luxury items like you know what LV purse
or proud of whatever not that I have
anything against it at all I mean these
are great brands and you know the
reputation uh you know precedes them
because they put out really good holiday
shit would ya why it became a pricier
brand right um and I have nothing
against that but for me I don't see the
need in me um having these items again I
have nothing against people that do I
get it you know um people just have
different preferences and that's just
not one of mine but when it comes to a
car though a car is a different story
for me because I love the driving
experience I love the speed I love um
you know I love you know being in like
this this this like bubble that's like
my own little world that I can like
block everything else out and I can
listen to the tunes that I want to
listen to I can like control the
temperature that I want to control like
I could I could travel with the people
that I want to travel with she's maybe a
good-ass driver by the way a lot of
people so a lot of the girlfriends that
I've had
they suck at driving a lot of girls I
just know they suck at driving
Jill's really good at driving thanks
babe I've raced her on the freeway
before she's really good really you've
raised it yeah I think we erased all the
time.i yeah we do every time if we have
to drive two cars we just end up seeing
who gets there faster and she she can
drive my Porsche which is a 7-speed
manual so George can drive manual - so
that's what driving means - Gio I think
for a lot of girls when you talk cars
it's unrelatable and they go more
towards the fancy real earth and fancy
enjoyment route righteous totally cool
which is totally cool because I if you
talk to girls they usually like oh I'd
like a Mercedes or I like Alexis cause
it's just so nice it's like the leather
like I think they like the more fancy
and like uh and was like a pampering
aspect of it Gio because she's a driver
she likes high rating high right revving
engines stiff suspension legs not
exhaust I want this motherfucker to hug
corners
yeah motherfucker to be able to blow
past other people on on the freeway I do
which is why I'm really happy for Gio
that she finally got a car that can meet
a lot of those needs and honestly this
so the brand of this car was exactly
what I wanted for many many years
um the model however the first one that
I wanted was way out of my price range
so I'm like fuck but the second best was
actually not that bad
it wasn't out of the price range we
could have got it but it doesn't make
sense what has been a irresponsible
decision yeah so it's out of the it's
out of my price range because it doesn't
make sense for me but a lot of people
they do well it's not out of your price
range it's just not a smart move you
know to me because some people like out
of the price range is like some people
they they have five hundred bucks in
their bank account but their credit card
has a thousands would spend a thousand
well that's out of their prey
strange though yeah for us it wasn't
that that wasn't the case that's not the
case fine it's like we have a thousand
but the theme was gonna cost like 500
normally we'll have more money's gone
going to yeah it doesn't make sense
it wasn't out of that price range it was
just because we're trying to make smart
decisions here is when they're married
to a asian man you're gonna make smart
financial decisions and that's just the
way it is anyway can we go pick up my
card yeah show me how excited yeah what
is that African rain dance I think so I
don't have anyone but it's my happy life
I don't know what to do with my body get
a change it's really hard no let's go
I'm not gonna change it's hot who cares
you're gonna get on that freakin vehicle
it's hot cuz we have the heater on baby
it's cold outside
what see what happen they turn the damn
heater on confuse yourself that's what I
like the inside to get the same
temperature as outside so I don't get
confused when I go outside why can we go
yeah Marbella where are you going
you swear why you have to be so nosy why
don't you go there and ask them
suspension see this is the pay see
is this it
this shit is gleaming look at this zoom
see you see you stand next to my bear
vo vo o sweet bully you last time when I
saw it it had like the white plastic all
all white all over it alright I gotta
get it I gotta I gotta talk to Steve
Steve Hey
got it with the moonroof
I can't even think right now I'm just
excited I think the thing I'm most
excited about is the M suspension I like
a real fast
and I like a real stiff car I like when
the car hugs my corners I like like
going in the corner a little faith and
because I love driving so much I had to
get the ultimate driving
it's fugly Porsche but then I had to get
them back no the BMW driving machine
okay you want to take a picture
no okay whoo get up in there
I gotta adjust
seems walk it's a legal tool or the
sports mode know what up you look good
in here ma bear
Sam's walk Oh
are they cold
what are you looking for oh yeah of
course
my
mostly pristine especially this kind of
into
yeah I don't but in the future anything
happened
we are leave it so close by
the whole yeah it's gonna ruin it
he's gonna rue it yeah yeah
I know how ugly none of our none of our
cars have a front license plate none of
them say oh okay oh oh yeah yeah not a
fan yeah oh yeah it's no good
ZM dog fear with the hatchback
yeah this door hatchback the hatchback v
door and these guys fold down giving you
all that space okay deal yeah also time
I go register the BMW Assist what is
that it dies me the roadside assistant
for 24 hours okay free of charge to go
into the BMW I don't think the Porsche
episode I don't think so I don't think I
might trade the Porsche in I might try
to push it and get another car I don't
know I don't know you have yeah you have
great service Steve you have great
service
so how does it feel now that you have
the key in your hand and we sign all the
paperwork and we're about ready to drive
off it feels amazing
but what's really funny is I've never
driven this car or test drove this model
at all so I'm super excited so I can't
wait to feel it and drive it um so it
hasn't set in just yet I think once I
get out of here and I like step on the
gas and kind of gain a little bit more
speed I'm gonna be like yeah so I'm
going to drop you off at home you're
going to leave your car that we came in
jump in this car we're just cruise for a
little bit go back home and get some
work done
I remember over the whole weekend we
were just thinking about the car and we
were like as we're thinking about it now
that you receive it is it everything you
ever asked what isn't it beautiful
it is gorgeous Oh can't wait
it is pretty fucking beautiful god damn
the blue is awesome they even put the
tire shine
you got the M wheels 18-inch the black
leather on the inside ZM vlog you got
the moonroof ZM drunk you got the black
kidneys in the front
ZM walk
yeah excited
see I'm on fear fear muffin oh shit
rolling in the f-35 Oh Xiomara got the
eye of the tiger she saw that color it's
just like that color is go shoot and
that shit is fire yeah ah your paper
baby look at that I know mama wants the
gun dumb fuck out of that car now when
we go away we gonna wait we going and
find some open road Sam seems or seemed
walk zeal damn stupid driver blocked off
MA bear
dammit oh but you know she got that
speed though you know she got that speed
though
she got that speed up mama bear
we bout to roll up
we bout to roll up on ma bear where she
at though
fuck a stop sign think of Jill's car
pretty jealous Julie it's sick huh I
like houses Gran Coupe right there I
think you know why was it brown coupe me
it's four-door it's bigger right yeah it
is four times bigger nice
they still styled it like sports like
but they just gave it an extra door
secure for your friends the back is kind
of small so watch your head this is
tradition forever quality NGO gates we
always have a theme song and this is the
theme song for this car
110 or yup how does it feel so far feels
really fucking good that it's like cream
in a sedan and it's still very tight
true and it has a really good photo and
when you step on the gas
I mean the gas just died quiet very
responsive again it's a tight car I like
the different modes suggest that there's
the Econo well of course like super
super chill comfort mode with Q it's not
as loose while the economy turns off
whenever I'll make at a full stop it's a
little bit over here what mode are you
in right now
more plus water squares for us
there we go barely turn the wheel oh
yeah like I'm trying to like move it
with my hydro up I give it's more plus
all the time the 911 is almost always in
support all the time I can feel it I
feel it
Oh Oh g-force
I felt that did you feel that the deal
yeah I'm performing awesome that shit
pulls hard right it hugs the turns
really good what I'll try later and then
you'll feel a little talking about a new
car Evan bought a car since like Oh 80 I
guess I'll go to music playing um so I'm
very curious to see where she's gonna
say she's clubbing I didn't want to be
honest on this on this camera so we're
gonna have to hide do what she says
what
is your foot hurt
it's your foot hurt
Oh
look what I bought
hey ma I'm not filming I'm just taking
pictures yeah I have to yeah
pretty nice huh see a cute
oh isn't it nice she's beautiful - it is
it's not as fancy sports
it's a hundred percent that's right
so either pay taxes or I wish I could
give it away to people but that doesn't
do I get like taking a picture today
gotta sit in it
I don't know you have to take the skull
what just take me and then up top I get
out real quick you know but yes I mean
every day we woke up enough I'll lock it
up
oh yeah okay yeah thank you
new baby here
oh the band I don't know this
yeah
I just
Oh
I'm gonna make it
this looks so cute
Oh little pot yes just dropped out like
oh please
fun loves over her mommy takes care of
her look here
she's in heaven I don't know she's in
heavy yeah she I shouldn't even move she
loves it she's in heaven look at her
clean her bandage you know how hard it
is to get big dogs to lay on their back
they hate laying on their back
oh really yeah little dogs they don't
mind with big dogs cuz big dogs don't
usually get manhandled hey little paws
my little dog get manhandled all the
time so it's easier it's not fun stop
funny mommy's taking care of her little
paws that you cut up and you big dumb
dummy no I think it tickles her but do
you see this oh yeah I must dip it funny
and then she got two here one here
that's already healed and then one on
this side Oh funny why he's so stupid I
was getting in trouble fun he was hurt
yourself she wants to be safe she knows
being safe is with us explore too much
your paws stink they do I wish you guys
could smell her better if I'm falling
right now cuz they've been banished the
whole time this is a lot of thigh
strength I'm using right now really have
to hold her yeah she loves it though I
don't know if she loves it but she's
hanging in there
the little tails tucked untucked that
tail nothing to be scared of around here
so far eyeball pudding
some antibiotic so that there's no bad
guys on here that stay there for a
little bit
she's just straight chillin half on
straight chillin you're a good mommy why
cuz you take care of them and they love
it
yeah give them the soft mommy touch
everyone loves the mommy touch sure I've
seen that that touch that touches I
still fucking hate it like if I got her
and my dad starts running towards me I'm
like I'm cool I'm cool dude get the fuck
away from me
cuz he just fucking throws a bandaid on
me and if I can slash me around but then
the mom is like come here come here and
they cradle you
yeah and then well not just the emotions
but the touch is more gentle and they're
more meticulous guys are really crude
it's like you if you get a nice crepe
they just don't alcohol over your thighs
no warning that's mom's like this is
gonna sting a little bit and doesn't
even hurt she found some sort of non
stinging alcohol formula that the dad
didn't even know about he used gasoline
dads are dumb
your childhood self yeah how'd your mom
like the car she liked it fine unless
like she's in despair huh fine massages
in despair yeah
chilling no like this disability Oh
take care of me so funny with the puffs
fucking duct tape so that it it's
durable enough for her running around
freakin feet smell like Dookie I don't
know but yeah this my like someone said
that has like has their shoes on all day
just stinky feet in that
and the freakin duct tape I'm suppose
you can't smell it I thought it was oh
lucky I smell cheese cheese in dog piss
would you be able to go help me get a
caramel you guys yeah we would have to
go for price this thing right
oh shit no we have a meeting with oh I
have a meeting oh I have a meeting from
4 to 5 so if we can go in between well
we got a train though still yeah
probably 9 - no should be done fast cuz
it's just a front squats maybe a flying
saucer or something we should be done in
like an hour
so 9 10 good for you yeah I'll go I
didn't mom what are you gonna do it more
on a Dean look this your first new car
oh yeah be my first time ever buy a car
sir wow you're such a grown-up one
second second ago I bought a gun oh are
you not in a minute ladies take note
names becoming a man my balls are
becoming more and more hairier nice a
plus R SP where their balls already
hairy at like seven yeah with the
keyboard
oh they keep getting bigger longer side
the hairs get longer
Oh your balls I don't know it's a guy
place she's depending on the girl so
you're nice ball parks wall Hey
hell no I don't like anything here you
disgusting I mean hairy stuff I like is
fun what you like Aubree look pretty all
right you're done you're done
Barney there you go that's just like Bed
Head they're back
papa bear
what are we doing right now about to get
some food on but instead of talking to
each other about CUNY romantic fairy
stuff what are we talking about
fuck you Nero metaphors them
show me who your phone what were you
gonna show me this is what we talked
about platinum groups we talk about cars
so platinum Motorsports what I was just
telling G all right now this is one of
the most romantic things is so right now
at the level where I want I've done it
on accessorize I could throw any
accessory I wanted this is only gonna
come out to a couple grand which is cool
to relative to my wall right now I
wasn't like that a few years ago a few
years ago I don't even get what I
whatever I wanted on McDonald's but I
want to throw it I do that question on
the thought of a hop that's on my budget
but fortunately I'm fortunate and
grateful to be in a place where if I buy
a gun I could just throw scope throw
flash like thrown by pot buy extra
rounds of ammo all on it and I don't
have to think about like I have it
within my means to do so right now
though we want to look at if icarly
stuff
I can't accessorize like that I would
like to and what I'll show you Jill was
and I found a motor sports they're
pretty much like celebrity car designers
hey they're the people that's kind of
like west cold a little more on the
classier you tell me I want to s500 I
want 21 22 inch wheels once I should
turbocharged supercharged national
interior I want half a TV and
do whatever they cook the whole thing up
you don't even touch the car until it's
done
eventually I feel cool go get you
that's right now I'm kind of build my
Tacoma and I know something in my heart
a Tacoma is as I love to call this we
read you just say build on my Tacoma you
know you don't even have the Tacoma yet
I'm building in my mind oh yeah love
time like this doesn't exist a lot of
research there's a lot of new products
out now that were uh that uh are
available for Tacomas that weren't
available back in the day let me show
you my old Tacoma I'm really proud of it
actually well while he's looking at up
and then it found very hilarious is that
he's talking about cultures and while
he's talking about cars he actually
interrupted me from learning about my
car so I'm like we're talking about cars
- and it's pretty fucking funny cuz it's
like we're not a regular couple for
regular people I don't think we're
regular people at all who sits here as a
couple on a semi big that it is the
first time we're alone like without any
of our friends and we're talking about
cars this is awesome babe
anyway what are you gonna show me this
is my old truck that was really proud of
this whole damn skill blurry-eyed built
old I can talk to him it's still very
blurry yeah but I'll focus okay fine
but I built this when I was in my early
college days my early Marine Corps days
and I spent on my GI Bill all my finest
financial aid money and all my work
money and on this card and I loved it
Tacoma
635 inch tires I had intake exhaust out
of all sound system
and after inviting all kinds of vehicles
I even have a Porsche now but there is
something about Tacomas that's very
charming that's very cute very capable I
really loved them and had a fun time
taking Tyson out and this bad boy so I
want to get another to come back take
funny amber yard oh that's so cute knee
but seriously where the hell is our food
where is it where is it huh ah we missed
Japan so we're getting some crazy cute
rich kill your ass fuckin Sookie make me
wanna freakin kill you yes you yes you
wanna freakin kill you freaky cube bitch
you freakin kill okay fine party's over
party's over
