alright guys I'm super excited this
isn't the most Christmassy experience oh
thank you because usually you want to
get this stuff at a very specific spot
but for convenience sake and just
because we don't really have that much
because madra is a big kid and she can't
wait as you ask to get it now now we are
at Home Depot to get our motha f'ing
Christmas trees oh my goodness this has
glitter on it to help load it into the
car what do you lift wait for is for it
the boys lift weights course no but
you're all your uncle's are here anyways
might as I have a family reunion dinner
why are you wearing sunglasses at night
they're not going to trust the guy that
wears sunglasses at night alright
you fix shitty all right so to be honest
and to tell you the truth I've never
I've never uh picked the Christmas tree
on myself I always had my brother and
sister do it for me
we're doing this together right now I
know so I've never done this either and
this is the first Christmas tree ever so
you want to get Douglas fir
or do you want to get invisible Norman
fir or do you want to get a Douglas fir
that needs to lose weight back I kind of
like the first one or do you want a
noble fir oh this one will tell you the
truth just the pines just the pines I am
just the pines
hey gimme this one I like the use of the
green yeah that one looks like it's
already dying that's so sad the more
traditional tree that I know of though
really
that one looks like the more traditional
one for me not this one
it belongs in the forest duh well but
this looks like it belongs in the living
room does it smell like anything
no he's smelling them
whatever you want then are we doing a
size 7 8 8 thank you wow I love all the
glitter on this oh these are so cute and
me look at the kitty
oh I think there's more over here babe
there's more of us higher
wait are these are these even it Oh No
I'm trippin what are these oh these are
smaller ones these are cuny see this is
why we can't go to public places anymore
alright what do you want then you want
six to seven foot yeah yeah whatever
which one which one you me huh
which one you want seven or eight but no
let's just go with this one then let's
go with this one six to seven is they
really let me see I'm almost six feet
it's also on a base though they're six
to seven foot all right how do you get
this or do you want five a six foot no
I've never had it that small this is
like the very so you want noble fir or
do you want Douglas fir oh this one see
this one it's bluish green sturdy
branches long-lasting soft needles sweet
fragrance how come there's like ten
dollars cheaper well what you're doing a
dirt tell freaking hunter to grab a
they're the same paint that noble fir no
buffer tell freakin Guadalupe to grab it
why are you trying to be funny
three guys walk into the bar I can
really put up one bar see there's my
uncle he's gonna go build some really
cool houses right now fine
all right let's do the dude what are we
getting
this is pretty big that's too big I
think
but Noble or Douglas the pick one if
it's so easy for you to pick this is
Matt and it's taking you freakin forever
see that's what I can't take out of
places come all of us out of noble fir
that's the one I picked and he said no
noble first freakin whack and all of a
sudden you want noble for it how come
let me know how come I picked this first
and also need any City one at this
milestone you change your mind your
glasses are really distracting why I
don't care I don't know I just picked it
finally let's go with this one then do
you look kind of bummer look there's
like this big up I don't like I'm here
to be honest we just grabbed these
little ones I don't know I kind of don't
like it this is deliberate farm fresh
each week so do we tell them and then
they deliver it tomorrow
no they get the deliveries every week
that's what they're saying specifically
the one we're looking at I don't know
I've never done it like this all right
so we're complete morons and we don't
buy the one that was on display because
that's on display there's actually a
whole section back here that we didn't
know about I knew about it it's right
over there so we should why are we
walking you should bring our trucks well
we could I pick it and then throw it on
the Freak no it's big yep you're gonna
walk it over Noah throw it on a cart and
did it end and down - oh I like this one
I want this one instead of the one we
bought I'll get one for the gym oh yeah
this is civic unique oh cool
they'll help you fluff it open so did
you want a noble fir a Douglas fir a
Nordmann fur it smells great kind of fur
you want what kind of fur you want homie
for real the pines this one looks like
that we already had this conversation
doing this before it doesn't matter
yeah just whatever looks good Noble
first six to seven feet BAM that's right
here no you don't want to open thumb is
this - look you don't want you don't
where are you cussing so much oh well
but you know really I mean you just pick
it cuz sometimes they have holes that
you can't fix already exactly that's
what I'm saying less we have ornaments
so just cover the holes it's not like
that you'll still see a hole there's a
reason why it's out front and nobody's
taking it can you pick this one up
can you pick this up why are you so
confused well it's kind of skinny huh
they all look awesome I never had a
Christmas tree so it's kind of short
though no no moving on no no no oh
don't let it fall like that I don't know
it's my first time handling them you
know just let stuff fall then you should
be more cautious I stopped feeling what
about this one I like this one
alright we're gonna we're gonna decide
both this one look at this one look good
look at it
the bottom is so no there's a bunch of
hole right there
Ella that's hole look it looks so it
looks so puny this one probably looks
better right here can you hold it up
this looks way better yeah look at how
full that thing is can't believe I'm
getting a tree I never get a tree oh
yeah that one's not good don't get that
one lady all right so it seems like all
this weighs I saw you trip weighs on my
shoulders so I got a really focus so I'm
not gonna fall get right this right now
so I'm gonna try to make Gio feel useful
and let her pick one that she wants oh
look at these Red Nosed Reindeer he's a
pretty cool it's made out a little
wooden logs do you know what you're
doing it looks like you're about to get
your fortune told in the Gypsy tent Wow
strong that one looks freaking fluffy
that's the meatloaf of trees holy moly
we do we have that space in the living
room no no dad actually I mean they
freaking cut the roots all and they
didn't say anything get your fortune
told here welcome to the circus come one
come all six to seven feet where just
grab that one that one looks like it's
all tied up nicely
Danny held all these trees hostage can
you believe that's all tied up
this one's big damn we just straight
grabbed it by its hair bun grab that
fool by his hair yeah dan what is that
freakin Thai magical trick hi
I don't know hold it by the you feel it
in the middle yeah you just cover it up
but you covered up with ornaments yeah
yeah let's do it
I got camp I can't look at it you sure
is this one huge is this is the one
that's the one that gives you good
energy let's do it nah yeah I feel like
it's the where we're at the shelter
you know what I mean it's the worst time
to come to you cuz you know we're not at
the shelter and you see the puppy and
then like this is the one that no one
wants but you know he has a lot of love
and heart through a lot you know what I
know you already been opened up and no
one wants you but guess what you're
coming home with us you're the shelter
tree near the shelter tree we're gonna
take good care of you where are we
taking care this guy so are we gonna
ditch this dying so that you could take
him home
we're taking this one home down there oh
it's like meat loaf in his missing tail
this guy needs a home
he needs a hole somebody did you know
you swear if I did oh my holder may
compel the hostage I help us curry hold
it cuz I need to run away come on but
not on our shelter trees hold them then
there it goes see if it fits in there oh
cool
well that was easy thank you well nice
the tips gonna get smashed but oak it's
alright we got to get the wreaths and
stuff I left them over there
one for the gym I say well for us I know
but this one smells so much better look
at it it looks so pretty on camera let's
say we don't need that no great well
careful oh the other way the other way
the other way cuz as pine cones and I
think
there you go Oh
Haidee else yes thank you so much on the
no pine cones and a pokemon ball called
The Miracle Grow for the vitamins for
the trees for the shelter tree
all right shelter tree you're taking you
home you're gonna leave it up like that
plug it here we go time to decorate it
now
all right so poppers coming in with the
base have you thought it ago in the
teeth Yeah right yeah yeah screw it
close the door
oh yeah I got these the other day focus
okay pretty pretty huh yeah they came in
there there's a skirt already oh that's
a big-ass base gramma said it's good
this is Papa's first time getting a
Christmas tree and if I can be
completely honest with you guys again
this is my first time someone up because
every time I was at home my dad and my
sister and my sister's boyfriend always
did it so I'm learning to babe and my
mom over here has been giving me the
tips Oh
but while Papa is figuring this thing
out so this is what this little Butthead
decided to do what my time what you did
today so we went to go get said
Christmas tree and when we got home we
usually keep a box of tissues here but
the box of tissues was torn and and
demolished here let's put this for
blessed look at this beat a bear
oh man this is what this jerk did it's
like go home and first of all you know
there's a problem when this became a
look at you straight Oh Tyson looking at
me with this side I won't I
sinned yep that's 30 that's really a bad
sign it's meat loaf I know but Tyson did
the same thing any time a dog does
something bad and you're like who did
this and they don't look at you they
didn't talk to him and guess what he
does
thank yous guys and he bows down to me
look at that forgive him look at that
fools eyes looking around Oh someone's
gonna come save him hey mama was pooping
mama scoop they're not gonna save you
please it tore up the tissues the
band-aid box does it'll take this toy in
there you are sure of a bitch yeah and
not only did he do that the stupid fool
I'll show you his bed right now and it
was him
oh yeah now you want to keep Chuy huh
want to keep chewing bad boy
well this bad boy chewed up his own bed
that's why it's black on this site
because he's not the site of close up
sleep on the bottom side you happy you
have a jacked-up pet you happy victim
bozo yeah we think he's doing that
because he moved his food oh I'm sorry
Tyco
because it used to be here but our floor
was getting jacked up like you can kind
of see it too like here this line
that's the rejecting water and I think
the calcium and the mineral and all that
build-up and stuff it was just eating
away at our at our head our floor and
it's crazy they sound like such a parent
now kids these days but yeah I had moved
their food in here which they spill had
access to something like what's wrong
with you
freakin meatloaf well anyway how's it
going over there yeah yeah so the skirts
laid out we're gonna put that base on I
mean you know what you're talking anyway
yeah was down a little bit okay can you
take off that stick or two things and
then we got the ornaments and then we
got the tights supervising quality
control over here you tell them tyka
tell him well grandma changes take those
dipole
I don't know I'm talking one right Papa
is bringing in the tree you have to help
him set it up that's my grandma's being
so awesome as to help us out need help
we haha whoa there's a potty going on in
there when did my mom move her car I
know when she got her gym clothes here
we go three time he doesn't need help
the guy that gave it to it that packed
of course he did it all by himself and
he didn't even look like he lifted not
to diss that guy respects to that guy
but this guy lives over there so he
better impress mama and bring it in
without any help but this mom was a
little bitch and she's getting cold so
this one was a ball back inside the
house this one was gonna do huh huh yeah
inside the house I'm a little cold what
yeah can I go inside I am can't go
inside
thank you all right help me out on my
little bitchiness you ready huh I feel
like you're gonna destroy everything hey
get over here okay I couldn't wait oh oh
I am so excited for you
we did he did he was gonna get neglected
for sure you don't want mom's really
good at tripi tripping huh trimming I
put tripping and tree trimming a tree
just stomp it like pick it up and like
hit it yeah like that do one more time
yeah you see everything that's falling
off yep we probably should have done it
on the grass you didn't know yeah the
grass that's so green
that's enough we got it yep yep
well cut that off and say wow what a
beautiful tree yeah it will
I don't know I just want to be
optimistic there you go
come on straight
careful okay tree coming in oh I think
we got a really big hold on hold on hold
on
come in come in this thing is
 huge I know I think yeah sorry
guys I am holding one here moving all
 okay no do that I can't cuz I'm
holding this - okay oh all right sorry
about that guys all right take it away
papa
let's hope you don't knock over those
cups all right let's see what all that
liftings for there you go all right
trees huge there you go
yes it fits perfectly
this shelter tree I'll hold it for you
all right be right back guys so he ran
into a little problem with the tree and
we couldn't see it it into the base that
walk there's too many limbs coming up or
branches at the cut these branches are
morbid but the limbs yeah and we were
trying to deal with a knife and we
couldn't do it so we have to go back to
Jill's house and they have these crazy
freaking shears
so we've chopped off all the bottoms but
now that thing will fit in perfectly and
I just realized my bear how
stereotypical it is you guys dad these
things
typical my dad had a freaking
construction but as a legit what does
that have to do with gardening tools
take the camera too much to catch Alice
it's good good job but the timber could
tell us what's that handing back there
Merry Christmas just plug it in so you
wanna take the metal and put it in the
hole I told you that shit's thorny what
the this is covering the rosebush
it was a good idea until it became not a
clock at least type of sleeping he's
having a party oh god damn this blowing
out there he is alright so vacuum on
this yeah I'm gonna vacuum all the mess
but yes it won't go into the vase
because I mean the base because that's
somebody branches sticking out so cut
off the branches got to pick up the mess
said I want to put on the skirt above
mess and then there's SAP and stuff so
we're gonna make it fam alright so we
just got the tree up and running and
this is just the bare tree but it's good
it's not falling over
okay that's natural oh can we do so
what's the first face the first day I
don't know what the traditional way to
doing it put the tree okay do you want
to use that socket you know we have one
socket that controls the light oh your
knees that's it
so we could turn it on the tree on and
off with the switch you know Tom Bob
yeah you want to do that I don't mind
depends if you wanna have control over
the lights on the tree or not or we'll
just unplug it or leave it plug the
whole time okay oh these are important
those what are those extra light bulbs
some of when one of those out
yeah just replace it cuz if one goes out
the whole thing Oh what is nowadays but
that's usually what Irina's it could be
some new now I haven't had a
Christmas tree ever since I've been with
you what
there's been a long time look I got a
freakin lazy phone behind you bunch of
lazy bums
alright so we just finished putting the
lights around the tree Papa Bear the
honors please
yep cuny these are so small there's the
smallest lights I've ever seen I think
they're LED lights now yeah we killed it
are you scared of me they said whoa oh
like whoa yeah
well this is big a skip and hole over
here we'll fix it
beautiful good job Papa cuny okay that
means ornament time ready yeah mama what
are you doing
I'm in the ones Oh later so right now
I'm gonna fall behold that one looks
nice so you find the holes and then you
put them in there
I don't have any real strategy I just
put wherever I feel like it's not too
crowded yeah you're very artistic stuff
I'm scared that this guy is gonna pee on
it he's gonna think at the tree in the
middle of Park yeah I'm talking about
you you freaking meatloaf here EQ me
wait didn't you put through it all there
it is
nice I'm there I'm there right now I'm
just recording you you cute me what are
you asking this the cutest ever
there's just anywhere Popeye and if it
doesn't work you just move it anywhere
just hook it either to the lights or the
actual it's hard for it to fall off
really yep it hooks on really well go
anywhere yeah yep that looks good to me
that's it you did it that's as easy as
that that's nice yeah
good job this one's Papa bear's first
ornament hanging your kidney that's
awesome very cuny times sure that might
be too close because we don't have that
many big ones
oh so you would want to space them out a
little bit yeah that's perfect that
looks good
perfect keep keep filling up the species
so now you have like two Reds you're
like oh maybe I don't want to put
another red here maybe on the side there
or higher up you bikini
maybe one right here yeah that looks
great yeah
yeah are you folding the bottom yes oh
good for you there you go
whew that's pretty cuny I see that
little happy face on your face really
yeah all right guys so two hours later
we've decorated the tree but we have not
done the finishing touch which is what
the star like so tired but here you go
guys
here's our Christmas tree I feel like
it's still missing a few pieces I want
to add a couple boughs and whatnot but I
haven't bought those yet but thank you
this stuff is super cutie way better
than a dollars gonna be yeah you can't
go wrong with the Christmas tree
honestly but I've seen some that are so
gorgeous this one is pretty oh I'm happy
you like it
nice I'm happy you like it I feel like I
need the couple more things in there
don't there's so much green everywhere
there's Green Green Green Green Green
it's like a lot are you wanna maybe like
a ribbon or something of ribbons
you got it papa
I'll get us stepping ladders so that you
can do the ona's all right so the cuny
aspersion of the house always gets to
put the star on dimmer hold you know I
could probably go lower I feel like we
should cut it hold on hold it can you
hold this for me yes I'm gonna cut it a
little bit shorter where's that I put it
back in the garage I bet he bumped the
side
how is this that's good good oh I just
hit my own head there you go oh wait no
what happened there how did it fall down
is it too thin should I put something on
there yeah Oh God so smart
Asian guy oh that's beautiful
that is beautiful oh I don't like the
color when I don't like the color when I
don't like the color 100 I think it's
that one yeah oh I can turn off the
lights for this one they put this back I
just hurt funny looking good hopefully I
made that face alright so let's turn off
the lights I'm gonna go one at a time
you ready yeah okay do the honors oh
wait a minute
TV TV TV turn everything off let's turn
it off let's turn everything off sorry
we got like a million remotes okay
already yeah three what
oh so cute
so beautiful but tomorrow he's gonna be
looking at it he'll love it
yes Oh Dave but he's here with us that
does it all hand on his forehead you see
that yeah that's his head as his face
okay good turn on the light now this is
dope
good job papa
yeah it's the only thing Christmas we
have so just that we don't have anything
else no you need more stuff but we will
we will we'll put more stuff up all
right so this is the last part of the
Christmas tree this Christmas tree right
here is my very first Christmas tree and
it's also this guy's very first
Christmas tree Wally's drooling but he
hasn't been able to see it and it's full
glory yet yep so we want to catch his
reaction looking at our Christmas tree
together can you do the honors and bring
him close okay yeah bring him close
right thick I mean the camera not are
you able to haul them with one hand yes
okay now hold the camera base right here
get both of you guys reaction back up
back up
okay perfect this is this is it this is
gonna get both of them okay okay and
then rotating right here all right
we're both still in frame no delays he's
getting it
the Christmas tree I hope Texas still in
this direction because guide them okay
look look at the tree without that stuff
this is yours
and my first Christmas tree look how
beautiful this is what we're bothering
hey when you get to be one year old
I think it's ticket already likes it
you're probably gonna walk over here and
you're gonna start taking everything off
and you're gonna throw it at the dogs
you're gonna stick it in your mouth
you're gonna go and crawl underneath it
what else are you gonna do Bibby I feel
like you're oh this was nice but I feel
like you're about to do a bunch of bad
stuff look at this
that's it that's it I mean even
hypnotizing you will love Christmas the
way your mama does like Christmas and
it's okay to play Christmas music in
November before Thanksgiving okay all
right so on that note that is our
Christmas tree day and it was so awesome
to be able to share my first Christmas
tree experience with my son and I'm glad
to be able to give him on his first year
of life something I never had
thanks to mama bear Patino yeah all
right check this out while we're filming
Geils mom has been hiding always think
she's in our way but she's never in our
way good we're just filming regular
family life she was sitting here earlier
and we were gonna film this tree and she
freakin goes and hides over here now
the way the baby blanket okay no for
real no for real okay goodnight
