what the heck is going on there's not
enough light in here turn on these damn
lights Oh nature's lighting all right
ready
Oh so Aaron pardon I got you something
for Christmas has you been that shit
you've been like the glue that you know
helps barbell be-what barbell is today
and we love you so much because of that
and not only because of that but because
you're fucking amazing person and you
don't love yourself enough so we have to
love you so I present you with this
I'm afraid to hold it for you
yeah this side just opens okay oh oh
holy shit
Wow holy Sh that's nice
hope you like it thank you and there's a
UH with that card there's a two-year
warranty too and it's automatic so um if
you wear it then they're just gonna work
forever yeah okay and if the days that
you don't want then you want to get one
of these guys then you can get it for
like 50 bucks and it just it just winds
it so the days we don't wear it we put
it in here and then it just like every
10 seconds it just starts moving around
yeah it's like 50 bucks you got a I got
Justin or something yeah okay but it
looks good though huh
it looks really good I knew it's gonna
look on in 10 it look like a boss man
nice watch to like thank you always wear
a Rolex a barber brigade gear so it's
the same stuff I do actually it was
don't you yes yes oh did you see the
back end there's a sapphire crystal and
you can see like the movement and stuff
on this behind it it's pretty cool she's
not I saw about a sec I know I
appreciate detail hell yeah
dude yesterday I wanted to drive to your
house yeah it's an errand by all of us
this book and it's called real ultimate
power
the official ninja book by Robert
hamburger read the back Jill well at the
beginning the front cover reads hi this
book is all about ninjas real ninjas
this book is awesome my name is Robert
and I can't stop thinking about ninjas
these guys cool
bye cool immune suite by who Robert
hamburger all right so then Keith is a
little a little note to everyone to all
his readers he says dear stupid idiots a
lot of you have been saying that I don't
know anything about real ninjas that's a
bunch of bullcrap your dummies don't
know anything and maybe you should get a
life I've been a lot of you I've never
even seen a go naked
you idiots believe it they just have
some code of honor Yeah right if my code
of honor you mean code to flip out if
you go nuts
for absolutely no reason at all even if
it means that people might think you're
totally insane or sweet and you are
right but if you mean a code of weight
but if you mean a code to be nice and
speak nicely while sharing you're not
cutting off heads then you're the
biggest idiot ever so if you have any
brains you were shut up and get a life
so go shut up stupid idiot no you know
thank you Robert it was very funny dude
there's a random page oh my goodness so
before you can even get to the actual
beginning of the book there's like all
these pages right like knowledge meant
this one says this book is disgusting by
Roberts mom for the hippos ok table of
contents so that's pretty normal
no not yet do you want to know the real
ultimate power
if yes then turn the page if no then
close the book right now I'm gonna turn
the page
do you want to get pumped I mean really
really palms finish real to me pal we're
better ma'am I'm a madman contents all
right last will and testament
introduction why I wrote a book about
ninjas and stuff getting started why
ninjas part 1 where these guys and
what's the problem
section over the pump up part some of
mine and Franciso who focus Francine's
favorite favorite movie scripts ninja
please ninja babe the ultimate battle if
you believe that names exist you're a
moron the proof basic facts about these
guys questions that kids in the
neighborhood ask me the official ninja
fighting styles some friggin wait some
friggin badass ninja weapons put skills
not ninjas only dream of having top 11
reasons why I can just kill people Japan
we're ninjas basically came from who
would win ninjas vs. anybody some things
a nice pawn awesome thank you but I'll
just sleep in
so today my name is decided to join us
and she was asking how we start our
vlogs so I said you just talk you just
look in this hole right here and you
just talk it's so weird well look in the
hole and say that so so weird what's
weird about it
this is look like a bug looks like an
eye like a robot eyes well that's creepy
what's creepy about it look at it she's
like staring at you so he never takes
his eyes off of you it's alright and
that's even yeah you can grab those
waters oh by the refrigerator right yeah
so that's fun you do and you just talk
hey what's up beautiful people
go here too hey what's up beautiful
people
go so this is what normal people are
like right here that reaction right
there that's normal people this is what
we do hey people so we don't really care
and we just start talking
we're like this and then but then normal
people go okay see you guys think it's
easy do you think it's easy
yeah these are like all your bulbs are
still shitty why's this why is that but
it's like man it's hard work what do you
think wouldn't happen you're such a
chatterbox and now you can't talk okay
so go you stands that beautiful people
know he behind your song keep zoning
I suppose anything would you eat today
we did a little the other top two dudes
you're talking to them I don't really
eat that much today what did you eat
like two slices of pizza
going with you movie yeah said about to
eat very much nice I think you just keep
talking about your thoughts so this is
what I would do I'd be like alright so
today I shouldn't watch Star Wars with
you on my knees and we're gonna go eat
some food so I'm not supposed to eat
that much huh
we're gonna eat some Italian food from
God that people yeah so we're gonna need
to tell them food and I'm actually
looking forward to that because I
absolutely love it time food I love
anything with carbs and you can fat
anything with carbs I bet you anything
with fat yeah she's pretty damn good
spaghetti is pretty good the song is
good fettuccine bomb pizzas bomb okay
you know what's up yeah tonight this guy
it's pretty up this guy's pretty up it's
pretty blue right now it's actually
pretty dark but this guy's pretty dope
suppose you put the Sun sets when the
Sun is setting it's beautiful because
then it changes all these colors are
weird cuz like you see the Sun in one
place but then you like like like you
see a sudden you're right I'm in
addictive left in the movie that is yeah
what would you do if we had that's yeah
you can't have best both with what would
you do if we had like three suns
now that'd be we I'd be hot it'll be
pretty hot that's a good point you know
that you'd be beautiful like you legend
what this tonight me like would this set
at different times or Oh in your world
would they set at different times yeah I
think mine would all set at the same
time I just say that cuz I want to be
different I don't want to copy you wait
three suns
yeah three Sun well that's assuming
that's assuming that they all set at
different times
but how far is it sounds gonna be what I
mean and then I'm going to be the same
difference a bunch or spread apart a
bunch because I want to see them all
there's no room yeah it's like a
necklace a Sun necklace I love months so
do you love a moon better or Sun better
be good I would have a mood because then
I wouldn't know when I go to sleep you
would know when I go to sail with you
Oh your body wouldn't tell you like on
fire cuz like since it's winter break
right now is it going to sit around for
five and why what do you do the whole
time that I can't like I can't fall
asleep what do you do this
that's bad kids technology is bad but
don't go up watching this video I just
burnt yeah what's wrong with you that's
when you know so Lonnie is gonna be an
awesome girlfriend one of these days
she's chill she grew up within a house
full of boys there's a boy right there
that's her brother
so they trained her well no not like a
dog potty trained Elsa are you let me
smell your underwear she just got weird
let me smell your nowhere why would you
smell me
when people aren't normal they know how
to talk in front of camera when people
are normal they don't know how to talk
in front of camera you mean it's awkward
she said that it's all perfect like like
you don't even know how many people are
gonna watch it okay good job everybody
is your mom's gonna watch your dad's and
watch it
how are you talking to people when you
don't even see their throat you look
right into the glass just like
