good morning good morning babies funny
sounds all tied I think gardening baby
fun fun well anyway I'm off to the gym
now and I'm the biggest sucker in the
universe because these dogs are supposed
to be outside especially because it's
been raining and they have really muddy
paws but because I knew that I put them
out kind of early last night I put them
away or not away but I just put them in
the backyard at 7:00 and I hate not
being around them so I was like put
they've been alone with omni's and 7:00
yesterday oh let me bring them inside
because look at this furry face pretty
face fine fine look at this furry face
pretty face fun
hey fine fine Ricky sit pretty good girl
how can I say no to this fish how can I
say no to this fish I see this face
outside of my window and I can't say no
I say come on in baby come on in oh yes
anyway I'm going to the gym nail ok just
picked up some food after training and
today I have special guest Fani
McDaniels Kwon of course and bringing my
stir boogie Oh
Ferguson look at this fat guy look at
this guy he's the biggest buzz oh I know
and god damn it I love him I don't have
bad guys coming out to this guy super
stupid
super stupid but he's all mine what's
funny a pretty big cutie pies I don't
know how they got in here
God it was the hardest thing ordering
this shit over the phone yeah thank you
all right oh shit they did look a father
I'll wipe it down damn son it's not the
Kohlberg I'm gonna get it next week are
you trying to give me a sign I think so
yeah I think so well yeah
so shedding is definitely one thing to
consider uh if you're trying to get a
dog this looks like they've been in here
for weeks and it seriously was not even
an hour that they were in this car it
was raining so I do get the paws being
all muddy but look at all this stuff
Traci look at all this all this fur damn
it Bart's gonna yell at me because I
always yell at him to be neat and then
here I go dirtying everything look at
this
the interior is all fur you know shit
goddamn it it was fun it'll be fine
oh my god so much fur huh
no thank you
why wait what are you talking about well
it's not like we have a mandatory JK
budget at the end of the year for me and
Jo to buy some some office and home
protection because we really care about
our staff mandatory why's amended her
because you want to protect the staff no
there's a lot there's a few
federal mandates brought upon by the
Municipal Code 3.67 three of the sole
municipal huh
yeah district ah and so because of that
there's two guns I really want 1 - d/p
12 shotgun Oh interesting
army 1911 CRP stainless interesting and
I just called our company and the DP
told it just came out with so most
places don't even have it I went to
rifle get the other they don't have it I
called this company that I know has a
spring for the army TRP but I could have
been sold out but I called them they
have the one exactly what I want and
then just for a Hail Mary are they do
you guys have the DP 12 II was the
shotgun other yes and he goes yeah so
I'm like a put that aside and go get it
today
I love you let's go eat Japan lemon iced
tea it was so complicated not only does
she have an accident she was telling me
how I should order and I was like ah
right lady I'm I'm gonna make it more
complicated I called dibs on one of the
sodas but those that ass though
you're so weird I'm weird how am i weird
how much are we getting much entraining
it does the team never watched it before
you know it or not
electrifying actors what you think of
the movie so far in a team since you
you're a loser
no no we got it so shut the hell up and
let me watch it we have that with
in-depth conversation just kidding there
we go shut up now
but yeah it's our doing eating and
watching training okay so my day is
coming to an end
Bart pick me up for dinner because where
were you Bart that we work together
I was buying guns why bike so many guns
well because uh uh let's hear what
excuse look at and that's his making
shit up things that's not no it's not so
look at this hands I think you know he's
gonna know oh really just stems for the
love that me and Joe have for our staff
and we want to provide a secure working
environment and it's I brought the
eyebrows is another indicator of some
bullshit it's just about protection and
it's about you know we want to be able
to do things that can kill two birds
with one stone so you know while
protecting our staff and also having
props for future film projects buying
guns is one of the best ways to deduct
taxes for our style of business um and
you can't pixie me that you bought me
something yeah and one of the guns I
bought is it's from aa bear but mother
kept saying she didn't want a gun that
is mindin she just think she wanted uh
bow and arrows I'll buy boner then Oh
what do you want the gun or not but you
said you bought it for me I did but if
you don't want to keep it a bunch of
really cool gun that's how you love fine
but since you don't want it I'll just
keep it and we bought something else
well well well we bought something not
else where did we buy
well after I bought the guns then we
bought well I went to go get but it is
coming
but we both bought it you picked it we
both bought it this watch that's a very
nice watch
so if you see this place this is
actually where I bought my role that's
right
and I'll swear by Jill's well that's
funny this guy but this hold on it needs
to focus focus
oh my god this camera there it is there
it is anyway but this is a watch that um
we bought and it's really nice and it to
orous horse makes pretty decent watches
especially for that price range and this
one we bought for a special someone and
he's someone that has been killing it
like crazy like crazy and he pretty much
runs and the votes and commits his time
to me and Jill's company barbell brigade
as if it was his own child and he
devotes and commits more time to it than
even me and G are able to and he is the
absolute glue and one of the biggest
contributing factors as to why Barbara
gain has the success it has today and a
lot of people don't don't realize that
barbell brigade is a two companies it's
actually conglomerate yeah we're trying
to build like this management company
right now so this barbell Brigade group
then underneath barbell Brigade group
which is the management corporation we
have barbell Brigade apparel barber
Brigade gym which was two completely
different companies and then we added
and then we added barber Brigade events
and we also have Barbara get the options
so there's four different companies
under the group and Aaron is the one
that he's the glue and ties everything
together and he sometimes he goes to
sleep by 7:00 a.m. and sometimes he only
sleeps two hours
but he completely devoted his life to
Barca Brigade without us even asking of
that from him he just is that passionate
about this whole enterprise and because
of that and in addition to the bonus
that me and geo gave him we wanted to
give him something special this
Christmas
and he's like cuz cuz he he doesn't ever
buy anything for himself he's super
frugal he never buys anything for
himself and he's really frugal and he
like me likes watches so we went to go
pick out this really nice watch for him
I didn't I didn't want to ruin this is
rising cool box
it's a box to the box so you know it's
clone at the box within a box you know
this tab and then you know this watch
and his watch is completely sealed and
plastic which is focusing there you go
which is kind of I mean they do it that
way just because they don't want people
like at the store finger banging and the
shit out of it and then leaving all
these smudges so I'm gonna remove it now
just so it doesn't look so cocky this
reminds me of the shoes that you buy it
like Whittier Boulevard or yeah or like
I don't know people they're all wrapped
and like they're all Saran wrapped okay
whoo careful nice nice such a pretty
watch dad likes this nothing nice a
knife
thank you this is a bench me oh so it's
a really nice knife it's a very high
quality knife this is also one of those
childhood things I always wanted as uh
our scout master which is the guy that's
in uh that is in charge of our Boy Scout
Troop he had a bench made and then I
went to go try to buy one and I realized
that it was extremely expensive for the
knife well much is it uh it's like 180
oh shit so as a Boy Scout like I'm like
in fifth grade so the knife that I
bought was up here just sketching your
head I bought a a CRKT it's more
affordable like 3040 bucks so I'll just
buy a buck knife but I always liked the
quality of bench mates why do they call
it a buck knife no buck knife is a brand
oh it is okay I'd know nothing so you
try it on the one on display and then
they brought this guy up no this is the
one on this play and then they wrapped
it know it's been wrapped is to protect
people like you on displace people oh
can I look at that so nice watches they
uh oh another one like I just have that
one you know that's how nice watches
work
got it yeah cuz ours were all wrapped in
plastic - yeah and they just cleaned it
for us the movement you can see them at
Beth
hold on their focus it's like can you
stop moving I want it to focus there we
go
tilt it down a bit cuz it the lights
reflecting there you go now move it I
can't see any movement oh now I see it
there you go
cool so this is sapphire crystal on the
bat and sapphire crystal in the front so
that just means it's extremely scratch
resistant and usually all the nice
watches have that material you take all
that off will you let him take it off
you see well I don't want it to be but
this is pretty much the watch you put on
your wrist
that's pretty Wow minute focus Wow looks
nice that's very nice yep it's gonna
look great on his wrist because he has
like really thick like fingers and head
like he has like man hands like he's
gonna have like bitch hands you know so
it'll fit him very well good job babe I
would have never picked that I don't
have the eye of the tiger like you look
he's gonna love it
and if he doesn't love the wall shit
sorry hey how do you put that guy on
oh just leave it open then it figured
out what you will this is just so good
at those things
I'm chef Psilakis over here that doesn't
open it will well I think we did a good
job baby
I can't wait to give it to him I'm the
worst when it comes to surprises and
buying presents and having to keep it a
secret
cuz I soon as I bite I'm like oh my god
they're gonna love it I'm gonna give it
to them right away
since it is Bart brought this I'm like
we got it we gotta go to his house right
now and we got to give it to him but
we're gonna see him tomorrow so well
we'll head it to him then and we'll
catch his reaction so you guys can see
what got it in the box with popper
presentation without plastic without the
bootleg plastic of course you have the
warranty card to your warranty good job
baby yay
well that's me jumping in recording it
after like two minutes of you already
rubbing your eyes for that long you rub
your eyes for such a long time
I am surprised you still have fucking
eyeballs attached to that skull of yours
big bozo what are we gonna do right now
no horn now we're gonna watch this
training day because fucking the beam
doesn't watch movies the beam has never
watched training day and by the way for
all of you guys asking what camera I use
here it is this one but yeah bharden I
just finished taking the shower through
gather and we don't have sex in there we
were just singing or we singing huh this
is the Chris Brown version oh I bought
the album from the movie what is it
called this Christmas that song is toy
I'm gonna know you better
this Christmas and another leg this
Christmas yeah that's a weed every time
we're taking a shower especially when we
take a shower
whether it's together separate like bar
could be in here and I could be taking a
shower and I put music on and then
somehow the music just pools and Lear's
lures Bart in and then he ends up being
in the bathroom you just dancing outside
of the shower and then we just do that
for the entire time
the other person taking a shower we're
pretty fun okay maybe we're not all
right we're gonna go watch anything out
cuz Nadine's a big eyes baby
