the school club and not filling that
good um pop I made some emergency for me
it's this medicine that you drink and
it's like vitamin C boosters or immunity
boosters and it's filled with a bunch of
vitamin C and then gave me some cold
ease which has zinc in it so it helps
fight off on like the bacteria at the
can your throat and stuff so it helps
ease all that stuff and I'm wearing like
my Dale little blanket here they picked
up from Japan was actually for kids but
once I saw people wearing it I didn't
care what it was for I had habits I
bought it
it's this decision ever oh my god I'm
wearing Fox and pink pajamas that's
hilarious
this is a type of shit by wakes me up
with what why are you playing this music
me and I sighs fuck your song music you
know that's not coming from my phone by
the way
oh shit you know it's crazy this is
actually one of those songs hello before
I've never heard it put this song I've
danced fuckin eclipses
bellydance it
that's how you guys fit
that's so funny the most stereotypical
like
where did you get that why did you what
how did this wait why did you why are
you inspired to play this music cuz you
don't want to get out of bed soccer
played after player your power soul
music - good job never once played
Mexican music with you i don't okay
maybe it was known about your concert
before that's for my dad not for me but
what inspired this we're watching George
Lopez last night and and I he was
playing this stuff and I just felt it
promise
Mexicans are a bunch of emotional fucks
you know that yeah so that bad credit I
love it shut up I love it we're
passionate fucking people just for me
fuck yeah Oh what station did you put it
on
with speech mr. Gomez put on my boots
off MA
fuck that puto fucking rain fucking shit
STP is to see walk stop
oh wait what what do you have an exit
why are your hands like three again I'm
never trying to wake you for the past
ten minutes
how did you wait what stations you put
it on my up G Oh
oh my god hey it's close its close call
this opens up its fuckin skull get up
and I know that I stopped it's cold
winds of Afghanistan no it's called that
cold stop stop
what are you doing but we're at a
dealership
why are you warming up running late so I
rather just warm up now so right when I
get there start training no shame in
your game ever there's no shame about
the plane you know what I'm saying
stupid I mean no we're talking about
what Shane cuz is it we were conducting
business here yeah I'm not in the way I
know you're just hilarious what in the
butt what's hilarious about me people
don't normally do this but you hear what
all the dumb shit that you're doing
Oh
waiting for my rental car yeah cuz your
car something's wrong with your car
right yeah well it's not something wrong
just a light came up he's gotta see
what's going on but I don't know what
the rental car is and it is a luxury
dealership I'm assuming we get a luxury
car
now that you were about to get this guy
I know this is for similar size and I
was like no not two passengers oh all of
a sudden a little city but if it was
like another Porsche this version oh
hell yeah gt3 ok all right all right
anyway came back to it out string all
right so we got these three expired
beers from our last house party and says
no one drinks the only way to put them
to good use is for target practice plus
I just got this new pellet gun you know
I like guns but it's not safe contrary
to popular belief it is not safe to
shoot a real gun in your house so the
practice most effective Watchmen ship I
got this pellet gun cuz it's safer and
we're gonna use these bad boys for
target practice
extra bar extra door fuck fucking shake
wait this ah they look like about to
explode
what I missed that's not good clothes
lady coming at her house not only she's
all the way up there Kevin I miss mom
what I don't point what you ticklish is
up there what Danny have one more shot
okay yeah fucking suck I'm telling you I
think it's off no no call myself a
Marine yeah I was expert in the Marine
Corps I was that's my actual ranking I
was really good then isn't it right
what are wait is there a pooping that I
can see are you hitting it oh shit - all
in the same place it is hot see - all in
the same place but all like less than an
inch away from each other well shit I
mean some other so if it's shooting to
the left I have to adjust this the
shooting to the left
hold on this let's uh let's test it
first I mean try one more time - I show
you something see if they group again
shoot the box
we're in boos appears I try to shoot in
between right now yeah
I'll shoot five the number five
right that's the five I should want you
to more what were you aiming for four
five and then you got that Lord our exit
yeah
Oh
well it is off like I'm shooting dead
center but my grouping is still pretty
tight you see the other hole mm-hmm is
right above it yeah so it is going to
the left a little bit
probably adjusted right because
compensate I'm a compensator livers
I think you hit the same exact spot ah
the top
you made the hole bigger you get two in
the same spot see my grouping is tight
let me try
that's pretty good you got a pretty
active
I supposed to be like editing or
something I'm gonna be mostly sunny
no fine what's up my office give it a
4/5 huh you name for number five ah I'll
go for the dead center dead center no
aim for something you could actually aim
for the X you know it says uh okay force
is 5 pounds box x whatever input that X
let me see where's your head so it does
go to the left right cuz even - to the
left you're aiming for this guy right
yeah I sure one more
you think so we touched it no it's
probably done it before
yeah it could be that uh we leaned it
some way cuz there's a judge there's a
windage adjustment on there
what you hear as a way on what the hell
I was doing right here I'm not just
amongst the beers on I know what they do
know I'll compensate a little bit but
ready to partay and I got my neat
deadlift slippers dude these are
actually uh Goggins that big father 15
bucks but there are women's side to get
extra large I don't know why they don't
make it for guys these are so fucking
check
I'm gonna sit right here
Oh probably like that she's gonna fly
over I just hold hold the beers you down
yeah you can just hold the beers I'll
make sure I won't all right so goes to
the left I'm a compensate to the right a
little bit I'm gonna go for the one on
that right
that's pretty sick did it look like it's
flooded or not hello legs look I'm gonna
go come on
yeah I'm shooting right here for my hair
you have to compensate to the right a
little bit how far off
I aimed for though the right edge of the
bottle but I don't know if I hit center
and I bite is in for the right edge of
the bottle which I'm sorry the middle
one that was nice yeah
how sick
let me load it
yeah love it
it's powerful
well Gordon costs how close are you down
and go he'll hold on let me just leave
this
all right here Rhonda Stapleton zoom in
wanna step on maybe to zoom in
hold on Bacchus mother beer okay yeah
okay
fuck the glass longer over here should
be one dude oh shit that who I'll be
back you know watching fuck on this
glass all over the place
alright so earlier what you didn't see
on camera is a we check to see how much
the glass flew back and really alright
it's probably safe to be around here
because as you can see there's a piece
of glass that flew all the way back here
and there's some not even flooded back
there but once again I have my trusty
Dennis slippers on so I'll keep my feet
protected but all the noise that you
heard earlier was from this and I shot
old school Spartan style with a spear
except I don't have a spear out of a gun
I blasted for my hair boat so that was
the result of that do you want to shoot
all the balls weekend in a row to see
how it is not ideal waste all right yes
we found all these extra beers that are
all expired as well so we don't want to
waste them of course so I'm gonna set up
this little target over here and then
Gio smells the ass she kept hearing all
the fun right handed I kept asking her
like you want to join us wanna join us
and she says no but all of a sudden
she's outside you want to join us
no I thought I think it's a stupid but I
don't know what else to do with beer is
really great and I think I've turned for
hillbilly now you got shoes on you wanna
you're on the line up and see how many
it goes through yeah one big row why
want you want okay now first yeah let me
warm up
I kept you guys reach yeah you're not
alone this upright bed you load it up
I'm not starting to target make sure you
don't point that gun nut range I forget
I only did it one time okay
Oh got it not good yeah little weakly
that's just you got it you come back
here it's the safety zone we made sure
that we lived up to all the safety
precautions we won't do anything as
dangerous at this range what's rule
number one of gun safety - uh don't
point it no don't give it to dumb no
shut up it's a backyard what is it it's
always treat again as it's loaded is it
is that by which it is it this one or
this one this one is a big one yeah
it's also favoring towards the left a
little bit by edge so whatever you want
to compensate to right by edge but
barely prepare an Chism
oh damn first try
Sam blog no Sam hi all of them why are
you shaking so it explodes Oh cuz she
dropped it
let's do one roll first let's see how
many it goes through just for ya yeah we
always do ITP I got him a slo-mo video -
yeah he did like a thousand frames per
second when I was sick
don't try for see if it goes through for
ya alright I like a cat right yeah I
wish I had you mike has a small
how many think you you purse it I think
I think to since the peers are fully
compressed yeah yeah I'm thinking maybe
- how many are there for but this is
also one of the strongest ones so maybe
three
what see oh wow you even have to how you
want to sit down have anything it just
smells like beer here here hold on I
think I could get three is it cuz it
didn't go straight down the middle
I don't know he has army boots a ninja
trail shirt I can try way closer need
goggles
he has a the top of the girl back here
here's the top of the grill
he hid the top he has the top of the go
to protect him you want to shoot a
thousand frames per second from over
here
no it's gonna go fly Dean do you wanna
do on a full sacrifice not really yes a
night read though so it counts okay I'll
get my glasses okay I'm gonna shoot away
closer how are you gonna do do the
pointy side yeah got it
I'm just gonna shoot the target twenty
side down he meant this way what the
fuck
here we go pushes down low more the nail
I'm getting drunk off the fumes gasa
come from these are my actual shooting
glasses since we're gonna take it to the
next level all right what target should
I hit
what are you hey okay why is that he'll
do that go back here
what no you got to maintain accuracy
when you're trying to cheat in these
parts of town
shoot the bottom right oh yeah why uh
little Mikey right there whytnee you see
the MyPlate it on the box you see the
Lightning on the box I was talking about
the targets the middle Tori's gonna hit
all your targets yeah good the bottom
left bottom right hey if I get it
Oh totally miss hi baby new hold the
camera while the Dean does a thousand
friends like when eyes phone while I go
over there that's a lot of instructions
just one instruction feet up on the
camera get ready for the most inner
everything I could I could hold this if
you don't want doctor get closer how
many are here hey Missy yeah all right
we have four ready to go oh my god it
goes all the way look at the way it was
very exposed our no I want doesn't
explode that heart which baby for me
smells like beer like crazy are we gonna
be there like that I don't know where
should I be gonna be there come back
here come back here get me and the
bottles and frame
raided him are you guys ready yeah let
me know what you guys are ready all
right already
I've watched the jungle to piece a glass
got on me - yeah him oh I'll bet it is
two of them oh my god here a lot of you
the footage holding doctor
what I'll review it well then how that
needs to focus
hey make a screen bios out the brightest
so we have to go inside Archer okay you
can see here we go
do you hear - they get here in pain let
me shoot that from dr. it to do that for
ya or do this let's really see the dog
shit
over I'll get free over there
why is that out here oh no I'm not gonna
ever lend you any of my stuff I like how
you miss that step no pressure that's
mine
how much wanna bet where did you buy it
from Ikea that's where I got it from
well before we moved in we don't got
time to shut up about this kind of stuff
hey whoa whoa I think you got both hold
the phone
Oh sick what did you hit you were you
aiming for the head the neck oh no I
just uh not bad better badass enjoy the
rest of it oh fuck you wanna do it oh do
it
I don't drink the m20 that's pretty sick
you're just happy yeah that's what I
think someone should just throw it and
then if you want to put it up there and
we got distance see me shoot it from the
end of that to that to that Center block
because that was pretty accurate all the
way up there yeah cuz that we don't eat
clean no what if someone's walking by
that's the stupidest idea ever and I do
it's barricaded by both sides no one's
walking by it's just trash kind of thing
there's no greenhouses of thing um
there's a I see the house right there
now that's a dumb idea
don't do it I didn't we're gonna end it
here before it gets too crazy thank you
guys for watching and bye good good no
we're good
that looked like a sauna you didn't okay
no everybody in the air you all had your
chances that looks like a solid punch
though how did it feel good
it felt good
