I can't believe I bought those two
lenses last night you bought two lenses
last night what two letters did you get
you know what my logic is so stupid what
is it is it stupid he's pretty fucking
them so my brother you know because he's
working now Mikey I don't know where
blindsided me cuz you know what he does
anybody want for Christmas I was like do
you want to Apple watch I was like yeah
I didn't want one does it I thought
about it and it's not really a timepiece
so he's gonna be obviously the next
couple years how much is a Apple watch
like the feet she was only for two bucks
oh thanks I was like because I just gave
me the money if I was outside joking
yeah and they sent me 300 bucks
oh dude that's dope and I really
appreciate loves you and then from that
it was like well $300 I wasn't expecting
that that's technically like a 20%
discount if I buy watches so from then
on all the way from 2 a.m. to about 6
a.m. I had it in my car back and forth
pigley in out in out in out and out lets
you know I'm got a virus Oh mm what the
fuck which lenses did you buy I got the
I'm sorry not 3000 psych 2500 I got same
thing yeah I got the 24 mil 1.8 for my
for my a 7s in a seminar to what Brandis
island sunny Tice oh shit and then I
also got the 35 no.14 oh damn one for ya
35 millas actually one of my favorite
football links yeah the reason why I
didn't get that 35 I already have a 35
but it's a manual one so it's not going
to be great for photos on the go so in
Japan I really missed having the 35 but
cuz I didn't breathe and the amazonian
in the living language 22.8 but it
doesn't have that shallow depth the
field I like but the 35 is such a good
distance because it's not so it's not
such a telephoto lens where you need to
be far from the subject but it's good
enough where short
where you could be close to subject but
it'll have a good enough bouquet because
the the focal length is great so I
missed that in Japan and I really wanted
to get it so I got it anyway what
exactly is a bouquet I just noticed that
blurry shit yeah it's that book is that
bouquet is basically the blurred
background that you
from a lot of your subjects Oh people
like that look and feel that's what
honestly when you see movies it kind of
gives that great cinematic feel because
it's blurry in the back yeah and also
too usually that it have shots because
it makes you focus on the subject that
you want you know yeah so unless you're
really going to like shoot like Cena and
you want everybody to see everything
you're not going to have a high f-stop
so you want that okay it kind of really
draws your eyes toward what you want to
see mmm what do you think about David
spending habits just spent 2500 on some
new lenses I don't understand him cuz
watch he's gonna he's happy about
talking about it right now and then like
a day or two later he's like I shouldn't
about that shit but that's how I am with
everything like when I buy food what I
buy clothes when I buy shoes
everything's a guilt for me
I never buy things for myself which is
why I look so decrepit all the time this
is true she always buys things for
herself though I do yeah okay were the
last things I bought outside of Japan
all the whole box of stuff you had my
dad's presentation exactly
oh so this is fuck fine I'm just kidding
I always try to make you look bad but I
can't no you do is your angel no your
angel oh thank you so are you baby
oh thank you hey test we talked about
this article like this kid try to burn
down a mosque he's 23 and then a lot of
parents what iLife tried to help him out
get him a lawyer or something and kind
of get him free of the charges let's say
Isaac grew up to be a crazy motherfucker
and he did some heinous crime and all
the evidence it's like for sure it was
him and he had bad intentions would you
be like yep you did it you deserve it or
would she be like no he's my son I got
to bring him home and all and I'll deal
with them then like what type of parent
you think would be Oh
most likely
the the nope you did it you got to
feature the consequences I'm like maybe
your mom or not gonna save you because
you're old enough to know what to what
you did and what you did was wrong so no
I wouldn't do them what if he was like
like ten and I let's say he stole one of
his teachers stuff and he found out
would you take him to school and then
make him confess to the teacher yeah I
would make um I wouldn't hide it and
then try to deal with that on my own
because I feel like him learning would
like you would learn best by facing the
consequences for what it feels like fuck
mom I thought you got my back I'm gonna
backstab me like this no cuz I would
explain to him that this isn't a
backstab and I'm I'm actually helping
you because I'm trying to teach you that
your actions have consequences
parenting is hard huh the older he gets
the harder it gets ooh I know
I just imagined cousin like the more
that I watched you and Isaac the more I
think about how I was a kid and I'm like
damn like if I was five and I was
already causing all kinds of drama and
Isaac's actually pretty fucking good kid
compared to the type of kid that I was
and I wasn't even a evil kid I just was
very curious which led to mischief which
led to heartache on my mom's end I'm
like damn when I have a kid there's
gonna be so much easier just to beat the
fuck out it would be easier but I mean
you know from experience we don't you
wish your mom would have like explained
to you and like try to handle your
curiosity in a different way rather than
just beating you yeah but now that I'm
older I know she's not smart enough to
so she did her best she couldn't explain
shit
so just beat my ass which didn't really
help it but at least I guess what I am
appreciative is since she did beat my
ass I wasn't spoiled cuz and there are
parents that are like fuck I don't know
what to do can't explain it as I'm
having they're away and then you they
turn up it to be a bigger bitch later on
well I mean
experiencing that I tried to explain and
I try to to have like you know my way of
disciplining cuz I don't want to beat my
son so what if you kick him in the nuts
I'm not gonna do that
I want grandkids one day so even that
though it's still I feel like I'm still
raising a spoiled kid cuz he's still
well first of all you have an only child
so it's even harder because he doesn't
understand that the world doesn't
revolve around him but it's just even if
you if you don't spoil your kid by
giving them everything you wants somehow
I'm still ending up just spoiling them
position I think it's just a mother's
love fucking hard when you have the
mother's love you just love your kids
cuz I try to discipline our puppies and
Gio no matter what got their back and
make me seem like the bad guy and I'm
always fucked like that the pups will do
something mischievous like what you mean
example and then how I got them up and
I'll be like what the fuck you doing
over there fun
you mean example my fun go to time out
perfect I'm like yeah she deserves it
and then your blood fuck you papa bear
go fuckin eat a pile of shit fine we're
going to Disneyland got a roll again who
know I know it's gonna be the best thing
so fun to punish people yeah that right
wing deliberate attack of the hip rollin
rollin that's that little biscuits up
yeah I still love them biscuit that
shows how dumb I was and then lunch
break yep yes I'm so hungry
and could someone give a loud clap cuz
that's how we sleep the cameras boom
then we set the timer boom boom boom
let's rock n roll baby
lunchtime affair
what did you order come on kiddo
basically got Nessa and basically skirt
steak and basically a bomb basically
then why is the Italian music playing in
this restaurant mix yes this is yeah
this Mexican before this they were
playing um chicken like this Parisian of
me this is Mexican yeah I love your
phone where's the accordion at the
mechanic you know what wipe imagine
anyone ordered smaller
Oh me I'm so good you gotta pay
attention to today's falling Walker
school me because I didn't pay attention
that I said yes I'm like wait so a stain
that this is a little
it's a different kind of sausage nice
warm very well little sausage you're
good obviously what's that after
bringing um mr. carp I have to bring the
food that my mom in washed up my dad's
birthday so that everyone could try it
it's a V chip um fish of each at the
stall oh uh you made forehead rice but
Japanese style fried rose or Japanese
Hawaiian style fried rice and then he
made bacon-wrapped shrimp sounds yummy
you know what's crazy is that your dad's
Mexican but he knows how to make all
kinds of non Mexican food like what like
the Japanese are fired right she just
made it that's all you know
that's what I'm saying oh yeah yeah
that's not pretty because we had a very
close friend that like we took into our
lives as like a family member
yeah and she's Japanese Hawaiian so
that's where cuz my mom doesn't randomly
know how to make taquitos well mine
doesn't randomly either
yeah and randomly knows how to make
Japanese rice random yes I just told you
about he's dammit listening you're
listening my grandma makes cuacamole
she didn't taste like this one not the
same but she learned it from a Mexican
friend at the adult center Oh cute so
they just jumped into their neighbor's
yard and stole the avocados I made it
yeah why
but no my grandpa status is not exactly
seeing your racist your operation was
Mexican because you learn from your
racist no I know you join backyard is
only a piece of Mexicans they learn how
to steal from no that's why you've made
up - no you made it up yep no I'm
speaking the truth let's rewind the vlog
and press play
Mexican steal everything oh I looks good
as that enchilada
shrimp enchiladas weird I don't never
try them what did you get enchiladas do
ya I got chicken enchiladas are
delicious I like Mexican lasagnas what's
up you guys we meet again and we are in
the take a proper room and I'm here yes
because I'm feeling of tired and I'm
gonna take a nap and even got my little
blankie and man these days it's uh we
just came back from Japan about a week
ago but and I thought I got over the
jetlag um within the first two days like
the first day I landed I worked out
because I didn't know like a gentleman
rush and so it helps keep me awake even
better than coffee and I drink coffee so
I didn't even sleep uh look at where
everyone else in JK knocked out right
honey I got home cuz were so tired I'm
knocked out around nine or ten so I was
able to wake up at five and slowly
adjust and I think I beat Jenna everyone
I Jake is so gentle I the way but it got
really cold so Jill turn on the heater
and napkins been waking me up at like
2:00 3:00 a.m. in the morning and then
4:00 a.m. in the morning and I keeps
waking me up so now my sleep is still
fucked up and JK news when we film we
film from 10:00 a.m. up until at 9:00
p.m. and we shoot 40 articles in a day
so you know that energy like we got to
keep it up
forty times which is why sleep is so
important I realized that sleep is
actually more important to my
performance more than coffee
you know like confidence is artificial
like uh like pick-me-up err but when you
can actually sleep and having to sleep
in here it's like a natural pick-me-up a
nurse feel that much more energized in a
wake so I got like about 15-20 minutes
right now and try to take a quick power
nap before I go back and start filming
and what's helping me be able to fall
asleep right now is all that Mexican
food I just ate food coma and when when
you get food coma I just I just closed
this past fall guy so I'm gonna knock
out and then I got a film JK news Hulya
c3 please explain to me what the hell is
on your shirt why do you have a teddy
bear riding a bicycle because I thought
it was really cute so I got it and I
bought it off on online store what store
is it I don't remember what brand
specifically but I got it off yes style
like years ago and it's actually
supposed to be like a loose sweater cuz
I remember it look like a loose sweater
on the model like oh this is cute like I
want this to be a sweater and then when
I bought it I put on like cigarette I'm
big big Bible book nice huh the Korean
brand is lost for like Asian sizes yeah
oh my god but you know I like it that
fits me like a regular long sleeve so is
that a cutout fabric that they just
sewed on I think so cool look at that
and I know that's pretty cool oh that's
an interesting shirt yeah it is pretty
cute though but it reminds me something
like a baby would have on that's like a
pullover sweater just helping me
described it but mmm
it just fits like a regular long-sleeve
I like it uh comfy I see hmm why are you
looking at me with those guilty eyes
David no guilty eyes whatsoever yes you
do they're guilty of something yes I'm
constantly thinking about killing your
wife oh please go ahead you have my
blessing yes I'm arrogant now I'm gonna
kill you
David I'll bring life back into your
eyes thank you oh you got another one we
have five articles left we do oh thank
goodness
so if y'all don't know every time we get
T from the bricks of T's I finished my
super fast and everybody else so Julia
thinks of me and she says you know what
David needs to but if she gives me the
second one before the tenth article we
have 20 I finished it both of them fast
before everybody finishes one so she
rashes it out for me
damn you drank that much tea yeah every
time that's my pee so much drink I just
use what flavor is that this time this
is that she has seen blueberry mango
Monica
it's called blueberry madness America
you're trying to shit with all those
chia seeds hell yes I is and I have a
pie yes tonight it's gonna be a disaster
tonight she Oh Tim what what ever
happened to Casey's car did he get it oh
did he get it back so hold on what did
he get yeah is it like it was it got
towed Lily right before we got there Oh
same day was it it was not that's what
they told him over the phone that they
got told the same day no hold it
it went home Ecostar from taking you let
me speak okay so they actually towed his
car the night before but it was within
the 24-hour period oh I see you yeah so
it still was 255 to bail out it wasn't
more it would have been another 255
every day yeah every day it's like 200
hours if they told your car's fucking
you if they did it within the first few
days that's like yeah nine days or
that's like two G's right there luckily
it was only lessons my hey luckily you
know knock on the door and be like hey
you owes money
Judi chambers know but Casey said that
I don't know I think so yeah he said
that the manager like when you're
speaking to him that they having no
overnight like policy the probably
manager yeah so doesn't even matter
wait no cars here supposed to park
overnight technically there's always
cars parked overnight yeah almost
construction heck and Nick and me we've
all old construction cars there's a fuck
ton of those what the hell that's
bullshit I know they always do
favoritism towards those big ass
businesses so should we pull a fucking
fast one and call every single company
that leaves their car out here oh you
have everybody hate us if they want to
play by those rules right and she
originally said it was three weeks right
he left the car yeah they lied saying it
was three weeks we weren't even gone two
weeks
I know let them know the management well
that's okay see was tryna argue but then
that's when the manager said it doesn't
matter does it matter how long it's and
I was awesome what did you say three
weeks in right yeah if it doesn't matter
why did ya there were just a few weeks
you motherfuckers gasoline yeah okay
smell that
did you smell you smell hookers that's
how you came out you're in the middle of
working and off and he came out of no
you must have smelled like freakin fresh
underwear something we got to start
coming again like Moscow Michael can't
wait to see the messages see what the
most common question I get from people
whenever I bump into the men public what
they say does Michael be like no it's
like do they always it is part really
big in person and I'm like yeah he's
pretty big is it yeah I would hope they
like is he like both of us or combined
or like how big is he I'm like I don't I
such an interesting question yeah like
they really want to know like if you're
really big and muscular why I'm not sure
I think they're very impressed really
you can just compare your size to him in
the video
yeah sure everybody thinks I'm your
height in your mind I know everyone
always sees me too like I thought you
were a lot taller I've heard that a lot
where they get disappointed when they
see hard enough fucked uh well us but
like I think it's more so because you
know in when you're fit you think you
think they're bigger than yeah life yeah
they're like the rock everything I'm
fucking fight the one I thought you were
gonna be short when I first met you but
that's because when you've logged in the
past you always had it down like this
which gave this short guy look yeah it's
weird how people just openly say that Oh
disappointed good fuckin can you stash
it fuck you you ugly I know it's like do
you like our show or Knox I'm not gonna
grow up I'm not gonna go up to people
that I watch and just randomly start
listing out dissatisfactions a lot of
people feel like you're what's holida I
thought you would be in my Oh who you
yeah me I'm like ya know what the hell
it's probably body proportions on camera
Wendy oh yeah I see us on camera they
think you know you should be bigger
whatever yeah that's so weird
well sorry guys I'm not 612 mm what's
time to film again I spelled these
Gardena it's gonna hurt though about how
about TIFF punches you and then Gio
punches and Julia punches you and you
see which one hurt the most you know you
know what you're gonna were you in a
punch Joe Bell just hurt me punch he
just kissed always on equation legs
nothing Joe body Oh this weird this way
yeah don't don't what your thumb like
that's gonna hurt this way but don't put
your thumb out like don't stretch it out
like that ya have to do like here push
me I didn't punch punch here you use
these oh yeah yeah don't don't don't use
this side that's kind of hurt you punch
this side over here yeah the baby side
use that yeah right here yes but no up
up on the knuckle there your punch of
their knuckles yeah
motherfuck and you want to squeeze
really hard yes really cause if you
don't squeeze hard and your wrist is
gonna Bend for it's gonna hurt so you
want to squeeze hard when you punch
don't don't bring it a lot girls they
bring it up to their to their gear and
go like that you never seen girls punch
a lot like this like they bring it up to
their ear and then they go like that
yeah so what's gonna happen right now
babe since you're in the bathroom I'll
fill you in
um TIFF is gonna hit David
Julie is gonna hit David and then he's
gonna tell us who hits the hardest
everybody had a chest but I need uh I
did that I said I long time this
devalues drive into it
drive it took you may visit your Buy and
push with your leg I sense since you're
only got only one person's gonna hit
Dave I'm gonna give you some tips don't
aim don't aim for that arm in for the
other arm you want to push blue yeah you
punch through him when I stop when you
hit okay you ready you name it okay you
want to practice in there hold on sucker
hey can you hold this bin practisin fire
very sick but also not only just up not
going on hit it
you know which I'm gonna hit so now not
only if you want to actually what's
gonna hurt more is you have your weight
on there right you want to transfer that
weight to the front leg yeah the show
for sure so you put you pushed out that
you step forward huh step 4 rotate boom
imagine throwing a baseball practice
imagine throwing
okay ready
I think you have a better view imagine
throwing a face ball as hard as you can
you got this TIFF right
transfer that weight take a step for
bone good no we're good
that looked like a sauna you didn't know
everybody in the air you all had your
chances that looks like a solid punch
though how did it feel good it felt good
invigorated oh shit I don't know why my
legs with it now oh but just try to
punch try punching the air and then
screaming it feels so good
sames principles take a step forward a
boom yeah did that feel good
did it feel good
that looks like a solid punch though it
was a good solid punch Felton me felt
cheated me loins and my nucleus honey
really
she did be really hard in Japan no Julia
yeah Julia Schilling I heard the cut
yeah I saw David move a little bit why I
did you know I gave her a free punch and
then I just didn't expect her to hit me
that hard she's me care for me come on
dude she freaking squatted like 175
without ever trading in her life all
three girls who had the biggest heart at
the end of the sock of all people why o
people why did you have the biggest
heart cuz I
how did you do but in situations right
before somebody hits me this
motherfucker listen you're gonna
transfer lay out everything fucks with
the coaching to do their very best when
they when they're gonna do it
yeah if they give you like what one of
these it's like ah but then if they give
you their full force that you can be
really mindful you could understand okay
this is their strength why can't you
give her full force you think is gonna
hurt someone my friends know but it's
practice it's for practice of course it
hurts but it later doesn't hurt yeah she
ain't like in the spot where your
deltoid separates from your heart it's
like where this woman does the dead arm
area there is no meat there yeah she
just goes straight to the boat yeah I
didn't wanna be alarm if I had
protective gear uh not on the head
though I was work I would lend to make
anyone go for the force hi
I would feel better you have which I got
here yeah well then you know like so you
know the the side one right just
practicing if I let someone like that
practices chicks like Noah do it other I
can feel it through it hurts me through
it it hurts my arm and it goes it's like
if I'm holding it like this I could
really hear here and in under yeah yeah
when Noah kicks me it feels like my bone
is getting rattled like someone just
like I could feel like he kicks fucking
hard you're like what we watch those mmm
esters and they're like oh he blocked
the high kick I'm like why does it
matter your arms broken out yeah but if
it's trained if it's someone trained man
they make your body shape yeah and see
when you feel the transferring through
the fucking bag onto your whole body
yeah I feel like you uh with when they
practice getting kick even with the
protective yeah I feel like your muscles
kind of build to like um like withstand
that it's called body hardening overtime
or joerger your body gets tougher and
tougher and tougher you guys feel like
your muscles aren't used to
all right but over time you can take all
kinds of impact oh yeah those ones oh
yeah yeah it's recession so that one
hurt
it's a little tender little tender
sometimes when people have middle little
knuckles it digs pretty deep it hearses
are a very sharp gang yeah yeah so like
the knuckles I hit a certain part it's
not like a big blood blow I was like a
fucking baseball man huh yours is like
shark capital knuckles
see that's why I gave it my own thing I
can agree yours is it okay I just told
you it the herd was more like a blunt
force doors is very sharp because your
knuckles so you're faced with you
someone will say something funny
each other like two seconds after a
delayed reaction is like all of it but
it was really funny because I've never
seen
