hi so Baek in LA absolutely jet-lagged
from Japan and today we're actually
filming JK news um and we're on a break
so what we do is we need early in the
morning and then in the afternoon we
break for lunch and then we continue
from like late afternoon up until
nighttime and right now I'm in that
middle break part
alright t-swift see you later umm yeah
and because of this show like I've just
been totally discombobulated and you
know I'm not sleeping at the regular
time so I'm trying is that I'm supposed
to be sleeping because it's like a 17
hour time difference and my body still
you know on Japan time and then when I'm
sleepy here it's like the way it's like
midday so having to film JK news right
now is a bit challenging just because I
feel tired but um I think we'll be okay
the Energy's slightly off today because
everyone that went to Japan is filming
today so the the energy isn't as high
and as spunky and as funny and as lively
as it normally is because everyone is
just like her zombie mode but hopefully
the second half we'll be able to pick it
up and and it'll be all gravy but I have
to pick some food up for myself
cuz I'm hungry I didn't eat with the
crew today just cuz um my mom had asked
me for some help on the Internet's just
because she's not very tech savvy so she
always hits me up when she just she like
tries all possible things to do it on
her own and then once she's like at
wit's end and she's like I tried
everything I could it I can't do it any
more then she'll hit me up but I'm
actually pretty blessed I don't know if
this is a blessing or not but my parents
give me my space they they know that I'm
an adult now so they respect that and
they respect that you know I have my own
life and my own schedule and my own
world that doesn't necessarily revolve
around them so they respect that and
they just leave me alone but the flip
side to that is that they leave me alone
a little too much to the point where
they're not even calling
we checking up on me so then I call them
am i gay I've still alive guys and then
my mom's like oh I'm so happy I just
don't want to bother you I know you're
so busy so I just figured you would call
me whenever you know whenever you get a
free moment and I'm like but but mom
it's okay you know like you couldn't
call me when you miss me like that makes
me feel good too she's like all right
okay I will I will I just don't want to
bother you um so it's good and it's bad
but um yeah the point being I was just
with my mom so I didn't get a chance at
you with the group but I will be getting
my own food and um joining them in a bit
how are you guys doing with your guys's
jet like no reason well what is your
normal wake up habit like oh well I go
to bed at 7:00 usually this is weird for
me I was like what to have breakfast
what to get the newspaper out front
nice oh yeah I would die right now yeah
you feel miserable what was happening
with Julia babe hmm during our filming
of Jacob
Julia's jetlag was kicking it hardcore
and I think she didn't sleep at all last
night and this is the second session so
we already had a full 20 article session
this is the second session and I see
from across what I said so he sit over
here really trying hard to stay awake
but her body's just shutting down so
should be listening to the article which
is like a wake and it slowly like as
you're just start drifting slow-motion
oh shit oh fuck man someone will say
something funny
each of like two seconds after a delayed
reaction
he's like drinking all of it but it was
really funny because I've never seen
Julia do that and she has big eyes you
see it coming from a long life or
smaller just like you know but yeah like
big eyes so it's like from along along
this did you see yeah I was talking
about everyone's energy right now is
just so freakin kill and quiet and very
lethargic any ones like for naps a day
the other I usually think like three
good damn how do you feel okay did you
hit the gym right after you got home
therefore yeah that's cuz I knew I had
to cuz usually after I go to the gym I
have a immediate like adrenaline rush
for the next two or three hours so I
wanted to bank on that so after I I
landed I went to the gym and I know
that's gonna buy me until at least 7
p.m. where I'm gonna stay awake so I
have to do it and it felt good without
you gonna bet that me in 1011 oh yeah
and and I like to sweat when I get off
the plate so either if I go I have to go
to a sauna to break a sweat or take a
really hot shower cuz fuck is all this
gunk from the plane you know and the
sweating that just makes my body like
feel better
Joe are you feeling any sort of jet lag
yeah I'm pretty tired I only slept like
a couple our last night and then the
night before slept 18 hours goddamn oh
yeah I was saying how everyone's just
like this
yeah what I was working in bed to like I
could knock it out yeah kept sleeping
waking up sleeping waking up the whole
day oh yeah the entire day I didn't even
get up like I only got up to go use a
Russian guys on set alarms where
yourself like fuck it I have to get out
I gotta fight this set alarm get the
fuck out of bed make sure I stay awake
just like you know do you know how
comfortable your bed is it is
comfortable but you know the madness
you're speaking of right now it's not
possible but then your whole next we can
get fucked up this morning I got so
scared because I thought TIFF had really
bad jet lag I was like oh my god this is
gonna miss out on JK news because I sent
her a text like I'm a pimp at 3:00 in
the morning okay okay that you wouldn't
respond immediately because I assumed
you'd probably be sleeping but if you
were to wake up maybe around 8:00 or so
I'm pretty sure that you would be able
to respond something and I kind of got
word around 9:30 and I was like oh my
god tested or spun anything so like I
called her she had pickled like oh my
god was she spinning through no texted
is like Jeff are you awake and I took
the cases like hey Casey is Tiffany and
I look never mind she just contacted me
don't forget about it okay how do you
get your person is called at all my
buddy got that one call and once I hung
up I saw your text from a dick painting
Emerson feel like perhaps she was
kidding a hole trying to get a woman
yeah I got a little concern my friend
Hiromi I thought be come home because I
assumed that like you were working hard
with Isaac to finish his homework
because mom spent all day trying to do
that wasn't because he was going in and
out of the home and exhausted and the
whole time this interactions happening
Joe doesn't give a fuck today all right
let's roll did it did it come on girl I
need some million views again this is
bullshit bad you know it's actually
really good alone eyes on me like what
am i doing
so the cleaners came today and it's been
amazing because two things happen when
we clean um first is we spend a whole
day cleaning and it's a day that we
really don't have because you know Bart
and I work so much and we're almost
never home so it's a day that we could
have spent with our pups or just on a
date or something or hanging out with
our friends or visiting family but we'll
spend that whole day cleaning um and
secondly when we do hire a cleaning
service they kill it like they clean so
good so we recently went to Japan as you
guys know because of the vlogs
um and being away for two weeks there
was a lot of dirt and dust that
accumulated so like this table is fine
but we have a lot of black furniture
like this here and we have windows that
are like right next to it so it'll be
like a layer of dust and then the thugs
got groomed
they brush their teeth cut their hair a
little bit give them a little trim
because fawni also has a little little
fast pence Bart likes the column back
here and they used to stick out a lot
like on the side but they trim that they
brush their teeth
um they vacuumed while not the method
pet groomers but the cleaning service
people they vacuumed and then my
favorite part cuz the deemed loves to
cook and he does like his cooking
masterpieces but like a lot of cooks
he's not the cleanest in the kitchen so
there'll be like a lot of you know spots
on the floor of like food that he left
and then the stove will be all gross and
dirty so look at our floor looks really
good our counters really clean and the
stove is awesome they even wash the
dishes for us clean inside the sink look
at that I'm gonna personally tell you or
not personally but
um another thing that I love that they
do and this is in one of my favorite
rooms of the house is a bathroom so here
we have this glass um this glass shower
and it's really cool and we're supposed
to be using the squeegee and are
supposed to squeegee every single time
that are once you're done showering so
that doesn't you know the calcium in the
water doesn't stick to the to the glass
and make it all foggy but we're lazy old
fucker then we don't do that because we
just don't see a point to do that every
time so we just let it build up it gets
Claudius fuck we can't even see each
other anymore
um you can't see like who's in here it
looks like it was like if it was frosted
on purpose that's how bad it gets and
then they come in and then they hook at
the Frank the frak up then tub it clean
that for us the toilet bit clean for us
killed it there um there's no pet dander
or dust on any of our furniture I wished
it would clean the windows maybe I
should get a window cover up someone's
here I suspected scary it's this guy
I'll just talking to them about um my
cleaning people they clean everything
what do you think is you kind with dark
clothes and you always leave with a
bunch of bird dammit well they were just
in here too or maybe they didn't clean
the carpet damnit that's that's Aaron's
job that's what he does he like you find
you show him something right and then
he'll look at it he does sex it he's
like this wrong this is wrong with you
this wrong and you're like fuck I
thought I could like I thought I could
pull a fast one by you but you can't cuz
Aaron just doesn't play around anymore
we call them play Ron hey Ron yeah sorry
check out how my mom's gonna run out
because she doesn't like being it
all right so this is Lonnie and Elon who
are you
my soul is lost uline who are you said
MIDI yeah I know but who are you to me
how old are you lon and why are you so
pretty hahaha who are you
how old are you 16 dang you got a
girlfriend are you single oh ho snap
work in the ladies where can the lady
slide in the BM oh where should they hit
you up oh my god so Eric I'll get to you
in a second so Eric was a firstborn and
I was like so happy when he was born but
I remember when he was born I was like
seeing pictures of them and one time I
don't know if you know this story but
one time I took a picture of him and I
was about to take the picture I propped
them on this chair and then I like left
him there and he's like probably a few
months old so he can't really stand out
like sit up cuz he's like top-heavy at
this point so I'm like all right stay
there I turned around to get the camera
off the bed that was like right across
from where he was sitting I turn on
he's like fall in hit his head so if
you're if you have trouble in school
it's probably my fault all right
and then Ethan is the sweetest boy who
ever lived and who are you hate then oh
and you're the second one right out of
the three out of the three what get
crazy fuck how old are you 15 and how
tall are you
damn that's oh we hopeful are you or dam
because there's no wall and do find my
dad do you want a girlfriend
oh okay I see you okay you want a
girlfriend all right we're working the
girls hit you up wait Lana over here
you
who's your friend like you give me your
finger point it point it point it there
it is there it is there it is she's
pointing at me there there it is okay
thank you for allowing me to to put you
in my vlog not people are gonna like he
goes to my school she goes to my school
okay I'm not gonna embarrass you guys
anymore imma shut up now okay
did you know that uh Michael is a
connoisseur for prostitutes Oh perfect
yeah not sure he he's been all around
the world looking for the best where's
the best place that you found one so far
I don't know because I haven't finished
looking cuz I never
