it's overall had a pretty good workout
considering this is the first like real
real workout coming back from Japan some
of my muscles are cramping and sore and
really tight and I wasn't able to hit
the same weights that I was hitting
before I left but that's expected but I
think probably after a week or two I'll
probably get back to where I was and
like always if you want to see full-on
workouts go to the barbell brigade
channel and it's youtube.com slash mark
Lonsdale still view that URL changed but
how is it for you since this was like
your first workout in a long long time
it felt good to go back into the gym and
like see all you guys train and here
like everyone turned like cheer on cheer
each other on
but in terms of my muscles and my
muscles were screaming they were like
what the fuck is all of this and like
you I wasn't hitting but wait like
nearly as close as the way that I was
hitting when I was training consistently
I'm kind of sad because I've lost a lot
of
building muscle like so like it's all
going on it's fucking converted into fat
like loss muscle feed fat but now I'm
like really sore and like mid-workout I
feel like you still have a good
foundation there you're still hitting on
95 on the front squats yeah but before I
left I was like easy 144 my teeth didn't
even hit 185 for like two or three
before
Oh
somebody's not that yet 185 before or
probably you should've been able to
maybe yeah like for one at least if I
was doing like at least 40 did you hit
225 for like a triple before on the back
spot yeah pause so you probably owed and
pause so you probably should be able to
have 185 on the front spot then yeah but
we didn't do like front spot that much
during that how did you like waking up
but fuck early initially it sucks for
two reasons one I'm jet lagged and my
schedules not back to normal so waking
up was just hard because I did wake up
like so I want to see by 10:00 woke up
at 2:00 had the hardest time Pevensie
because of the jetlag and then the
second reason is it's cold as shit now
so I am like sleeping with two big
blankets and then I wake up in our house
is old so the installation isn't as
great so I feel where the air is coming
from like all these little spaces I can
feel the air coming in here from like
the windows and they're just like I just
feel the hair yeah it's a whole house so
as soon as I take my covers off I just
feel like us to win it it's like so cold
and like now I just want to stand
blankets what the hell that's why it was
hard but I don't know what they thought
training with people it's worth it
treating with people and it's also
pretty damn good waking up early getting
it out it's only 9:00 and I can continue
with the rest of my day because now the
rest of the world wakes up and we
already got the workout done yeah we got
that taken care so that's really good
it's just the initial getting out of
your warm calm
but it's like they just the bed doesn't
want to let you go I think you don't
want to let the pet go it's the bed
trust or not trust me I think you know
this is a Japanese bed how did I get out
of it I don't know that doesn't like you
you smell so good you smell like farts
no I don't I smell like chrysanthemum
farts presenting your farts
so this is Jessie our manager yeah what
are we gonna do today for non scripted
television
so Roy Bank banca Studios creator of
smarter than a fifth grader used to run
Merv Griffin entertainment Barbara had
entertainment now has his own company
that a lot of people are obsessed with
something he's a good partner for us oh
cool if you guys like yeah we'll see
what happens today we also got Joe here
and Michael did you know that Michael is
a connoisseur for prostitutes Oh perfect
yeah he's been all around the world
looking for the best where's the best
place that you found one so far I don't
know because I haven't finished that
King because I've never gone looking
before that's why wink wink wink
no no wink wake up no we pick it off all
right so we'll see you guys a little bit
so how did the meeting go I think the
meeting went pretty well
I think for the longest time for many
many years every time we walked into
these Hollywood meetings it was with you
know a lot of these fast-talking
producers that always hey let me sell
you a dream you're gonna be fucking
famous but then this one he was more
objective and straight to the point
here's the concept I want to pitch and
here's what I think would work with you
guys let's move forward
I like that type of talk I don't like
all the fucking probably with bullshit
yeah I was so used to that used-car
salesman type of pitch yeah and I feel
like it's because they were not on this
guy's level I think Jesse brought us
into a meeting with someone who actually
has produced many many successful shows
and just like in the regular business
world where you have these different
like discount department stores I mean
discount retailers like I don't know
like Walmart right you got stuff like
that and then I realized that in
Hollywood it's the same way you got
these Walmart's where they just produce
a fuck ton it's all about volume it's
about a bunch you know and see which
one's hit and then you got these smaller
maybe boutique but
you know they take their time building
quality products and then the guys on
the very top are very invested in
everything that they create and I feel
like this guy was like that which goes
more in line with what JK is you know
we're very invested in everything that
we do and that's the type of guys I want
to work with so I feel like the meeting
was pretty good yeah I agree so like the
cool thing about what I like about
Jessie is although this guy seems like a
perfect fit because he's not the
used-car salesman he's not trying to
sell like a lot of the times when I meet
with these people they have a bunch of
fluff in the beginning they talk about
how much they love your channel I don't
even even know if they really like your
channel and they just have all this
fluff all this fluff talk and then when
you're really trying to talk about the
idea you want to develop they can't
really contribute much and they wait for
you to make a move and they just yes-man
it they agree oh yeah this is a great
idea okay let's do it
and pretty much you do all the work and
that's not we're supposed to do outer
production company you guys are supposed
to meet halfway and they provide their
TV knowledge you provide your content
knowledge and you make a baby out of it
and the cool thing is with Roy he did a
smarter than a fifth grader that
survivor he did this right here yeah and
he he did a bunch of other like pretty
big TV shows so he has experience but
what's cool about Jesse is that even
though this guy seems awesome Jesse
still wants us to meet a few other
producers just for experience too and
just to see if he is the guy that we
vibe with which i think is really
awesome because um ever since I was a
kid my mom would tell me you know what
she would say do all be sun-ja boots
sleek way and that means it doesn't hurt
you
to compare three extra stores because
when I was a kid I would want to buy a
toy or I'd want to buy something I was
like expensive like that Nintendo or
something
my mom I want to write now I want to
write now and my mom I know just hold on
I'm still gonna give it to you but then
there's so impulsive as a kid I know I
want to write now she goes no don't beat
send you out puts the Quai meeting you
know maybe at another store you can get
the same Nintendo with three extra games
and maybe the gun controller but what
versus the amount of money you're gonna
pay here and that's what I liked about
Jesse where even though we met the guy
that we think would be perfect before
developing the TV show with he's like
we're gonna meet a few others so we have
a few other meetings lined up see you
guys so our meeting got postponed
because of crazy LA traffic and Jesse
who is our manager is stuck on the
freeway somewhere I've been waiting for
him in the lobby for like 30 minutes so
everything I postpone and now we found
ourselves at this random Indian
restaurant we do have an hour to have to
kill and we're hungry were starving the
last meeting and I see what they got
they got black real I don't know what
the hell is veggie veggies something's I
don't know the names or any of these
things caddy
what the hell's Oh chicken tikka masala
my favorite
okay so there's spinach and there's
chicken what is that habanero
hydrocortisone I don't know what the
hell that is what are you eating chicken
orange chicken tandoori chicken
so my favorites because chicken tandoori
chicken because you know there's like
onions and chicken to my favorite foods
altogether
oh you like onions I do like items alive
when I was a little caged the onions raw
what they are insane yeah do you like
onion rings I do love onion rings
it makes your brace bone really really
bad do you like Funyuns and you left
bunions I like finance in it really damn
I like onions but I can't he onions raw
that's insane huh all right so we're
gonna eat
and then chill a little bit and we have
an hour and that's just something you
have to deal with if any of you guys are
interested in moving to LA there is LA
traffic that shit is unpredictable
sometimes it throws off your whole
schedule I thought I was gonna be a hole
about like for today but we're not even
gonna meet until 3:30 so I probably
won't be home till 6:00 and then I have
another meeting for barbell stuff so
hopefully I don't want pay for that so
what happened so I'm driving down the
street I go you know what I'm gonna take
a shortcut
could you saw a hot girl no no it's not
a shortcut I'm Gail okay make it quick
right I get all the way down dead stop
accident I'm gonna try to turn around
can't turn around I'm on the wrong side
of Wilshire I have to go all the way
back to the other way past the what's
called the Westfield Mall yeah go all
the way back around get back on Wilshire
I mean that's in Century City right the
Westfield Mall yeah holy shit you want
all the over there I had to do it
because Santa Monica and Wilshire like
this oh yeah that's true that's true
yeah and I keep trying to cut down these
small streets I couldn't get down the
small street then I got a call from ueg
poop Luigi
who's that they'll read you you need
either an endorsement buyer okay I'll
tell you they want to assign us I know
Mikey I'll tell you okay okay anything
else that's it that was annoying that's
pretty much happened since I'm 16 the
super traffic jam
getting lost in lakes on my everything
usually uh we your boss is like why you
late and they need home traffic and
that's not good answer
I've never been late really are you
weren't late last time when I had like
four meetings that do never late yeah
you're on time for all of them if you're
never late then you're allowed to be
late boys I don't I don't know what some
people won't have any um some people are
always things you know some people like
maybe it's a you know you're late once
you always leave like one that's being
racist to know that I used to work for
this visual effects company right and
they're located out in Venice yeah and
Obama came to town so you know when that
happens like poker law before of the for
Oh file is look everywhere right I was
too early that day and so was everyone
else and my boss is in Seattle for a
shoot and he calls us up and says why
are you guys later no regard at all for
what's actually going on did you tell
them Obama I usually get an hour like
you know where we were before where we
just were yeah I was there at 10:15
just hanging around oh wow so you're
like 30 40 minutes literally that's my
standard there's usually like 30 45 this
was gonna be a rush but I thought to
myself alright I'm gonna be super slick
I told you alright I think you guys find
your own away I got an idea dude I'm
thinking to myself when we put the
windows down goes into some drink then I
go like this you know I'm gonna take
this other oh yeah I'm gonna cut down
oh no that's when you dig yourself up
I've got a pool you use maps I was
listening to Spotify I don't have time
to be looking at so I was just chilling
up and I'm like oh you know what I'm
right outside ten minutes that's still
bad I was like you know ten minutes back
I did coat all the way around all the
way this way back that way come back
this way I don't use Waze but I do this
right
as soon as I stop and I see a bunch of
cars I pop this open and I don't know
something supposed to be driving in love
the steering exact New York yep I see
where all the red is all rather like you
know where you can draw tells you
traffic is from my leg area so I thought
to myself I know this area I don't need
ways I don't need air yeah I think I'm
gonna use ways maybe Obama isn't down
right now that's the first time that's
ever happened except though all over LA
even this more yeah we were driving it
was I was clear
I went over would you go would you take
the UH took sixty season or anything I
didn't want to get over it was the 101
which is the 104 five got the wool shirt
I didn't want to get on the way so I
took I went over cold water me when to
Santa Monica create oh right got up to
Wilshire and then got stuck and then
went back down to Santa Monica but when
you're down here on Santa Monica so when
you're over Beverly Hills because the
Wilshire Santa Monica when you pass a
certain part and switches yeah so but I
couldn't find that part where switches
so right here is Wilshire
Santa Monica is there but when you get
to Beverly Hills it goes like this
so I was trying to figure out where that
part was on the side streets I should
have looked at this but you know when
you keep on with this and interns right
yeah it's Saul Goldberg he was he was
funny yeah I'm all like he's that he's
that I looking at the camera
he's great no no he is great but he I
said that's just too soon
who's the guy we just met with Saul
Goldberg who doesn't look like a Saul
Goldberg knows no it looks like what's
his specialty
TV TV what do you think about his ideas
I think they're good
I think they're good what do you think
well they're pretty good I like the idea
of mashing like old and new and kind of
seen the worlds collide and see what
comes out of it it's kind of like Maine
where it's like they're bringing someone
to teach like you know the person who
doesn't know how to do anything and in
any and they kind of see what they can
do yeah what did you think Joe I don't
know
which is a thing broken what what the
hell's going on get print bail
oh no this thing looks like a brand-new
state-of-the-art machine - okay what's
going on the phones are wrong
yeah oh yeah happy days yeah that's
old-school
it's working please way dance yeah it
did
holy crap bring it correct 12 minutes is
three bucks good thing we're at 30 bucks
could be where you have three hours I
know we have cultures yay to the rescue
it's like a chunky cheese machine that
beats tickets not around on paper at
first I mean but there's plenty of paper
in there
did it work
take care of seat Oh who came out yay
you're in it on the I know
Shh park in West LA is no joke sit there
they're like sorry kid you gotta get a
bigger carcinogen wrinkles thank you
so now I'm home and I have one more
meeting today and Jill is already me
over there with Daddy play play a bit
out soon aka vl5 aka Tresemme aka
finesse what have you guys been up to
today what have you been up to today red
and a train then I'm here
oh you never opened before at 6:00 oh my
office at 6:00 perfect guys fake job
yeah what did you did today um I need
some programming for some of my assets
this morning came to the gym Sarah and I
met to talk about some pretty big
purchases were making for a ball game
more kick-ass and then we trained and
stoked what did you do today
bricky got a bath today that's actually
super clean would you do today's Sarah I
trained to a BART 7:00 a.m. it was so
cold
thanks for joining me I need a
compression mask you know what's crazy
after I trained I took off my sweater
and I barely had a little bit of sweat
and I usually sweat like crazy
what'd you do today
Damle going a bit up no I just got my
hair out come your because like pretty
fast are you gonna do it their hair I'm
a nice looking back it's a man bun or
not no and I said Matt my slick it back
like are you gonna grow up the sides to
inhale a ponytail no well I don't want
to point so it's gonna be like that long
day you're gonna look like John Travolta
and sort flawless yeah little bit then I
worked at bar bow and a kick-ass workout
what you did not a lot of speed work
that's pretty good yeah pretty fast for
a positive thing worked out yeah yeah
sometimes long as it takes like three
hours some pilot thing work out we
should do Shay calls like four hours so
two hours but it's not counting my
stretchy stretc every morning what he
talked to me about we get to the
gentleman was to mobility lay out know I
always jet you're right what are you
talking what have you been doing this
fucking holiday you know I got up at
6:00 in the morning so we could work up
you did make the workout I did you're
proud of you and then I ended it you try
to like you try to freaking weeding out
of the hamstring exercise no I couldn't
do
I just physically couldn't no I was
fighting the whole time we did it
perfectly
yeah cuz he spotted me yeah I'll help
you get stronger and the other one I
finished had 20 reps of the just a
regular leg curls because I couldn't do
the other exercise yeah what do you lay
down or what else you did and then I
edit and then somehow were super early I
took a nap during the day cuz only had
like four hours of sleep last night and
I got one more meeting all right one
more meeting and then hopefully I'd
knock out cuz I have to wake up again at
6 o'clock to Train again tomorrow busy
days these days so finally a long day of
meetings have come to an end I just
finished taking a shower and I'm laying
in bed and I feel good and I think geo
still has one more meeting outside and
actually she came in right here
hi ma bear nice of you to join us what
well I can watch anything without your
bikini how much time do you need so I
could with five exact minutes as soon as
the five minutes is up the tv turns on I
had all kinds of meetings today had some
expansion meetings you had some
maintenance meetings and expansion ones
of course like you know when we pitch TV
shows or feature films and stuff like
then the maintenance meetings or the bar
long ones that I've been having which
we're just trying to make sure that the
gym is running very efficiently and is
run as successfully and we're just
make good things better and better
things best ur so uh that's what we're
trying to do is just trying to you can
always improve you know and although
like some days they're just boring
rather than others of course but when we
have the whole team together shooting JK
news and then Joe brings weapons and we
have all kinds of toys it's really
really fun but sometimes we do have to
work a lot and today is like today and
tomorrow actually they're just gonna be
examples of that we just have meetings
after meetings after meetings and we're
just all over that for the hills
hollywood studio city and all that
trying to get shit done and the nature
of these meetings a lot of his times in
the hollywood you do these introductory
meetings and even though we're meeting
high-level people which is awesome
because performing would first started
in entertainment we would get set up
with all these voice voice acting
meetings animation meetings auditions
and all that stuff we're meeting all
these low-level people because their
channel is smaller and it wouldn't go
anywhere so it'd be a waste of time and
will i do we spent all this time doing
all these means we could have wrote
another like two or three skits but now
we're meeting like big people who
actually do shit my guy we just the last
guy we met with
his old production company did fury
which is that tank movie with Brad Pitt
and district nine so that's like some
big shit but even with these things in
Hollywood it's just generally a lot of
times it's like a numbers game you know
it's like hitting up on a guy or a girl
at the bar and it's just the more people
we hit up the more people you become
friendly with the bigger you build your
network then things might go through and
a lot of the times when things aren't
made in Hollywood is not even
skill-based it's who were like who do
you have relationships with resources
and then maybe talent and skill and does
it make sense all comes together so
right now I think we have a proven model
with our online presence Jay King is a
successful JK party a successful JK
films a successful and we're just kind
of build these relationships and being
introduced to all these cool people
although it does get our hopes up with
fog we can finally get a TV deal finally
get a feature deal we don't know you
know we just pretty much
pray for the best hope for the best but
if it doesn't happen we still have
awesome channels and we have you guys to
support on awesome channels and still
love our content no matter what and I
will forever love you guys for that
because you guys don't judge us you know
it's like whatever we do whatever we
feel this creative it's it's good enough
for you guys where sometimes like you
know when the TV people will make
something like they do American Idol
there's always people that complain well
you shouldn't they do they had a cool
idea just let him run with it you know
why can't you just admire you know can
you imagine like back in the day when
someone painted Mona Lisa imagine there
was like a comment section like how that
would just ruin the image of Mona Lisa
like Leonardo da Vinci created something
and now you have all these mouths frogs
in a snow get another canary just so
fucking ugly looking a callous that's
kind of like where the YouTube and
online digital space is going with all
the comments and for me when I like to
watch things I just like to enjoy it for
what it is and then later I discuss it
with my friends but I don't leave my
comments on the work of art that I'm
watching because it can't affect the
artist but I'm so happy that all of you
guys support everything that I do and
that's something that's just
irreplaceable so that's it as you heard
Gio say hey she's gonna join me watching
TV
i'ma call a night and I'm gonna wake up
again at six o'clock two more peace
I'm so excited I believe you think like
an elevator
