so what I absolutely love about Japanese
packaging obviously the packaging but
secondly is when things come in boxes
like such like this right they give you
a display so that you know what's inside
like what this box actually contains cuz
you can't see what's in here
but they give you an example of what you
can expect in there I love that let me
show you some better examples it's
almost kind of this is kind of weak
sorry I just messed up all new display
so for example like these right you want
to know if you want to gift it to
someone you want to know what exactly
you're gonna be buying right but you
can't tell cuz it's wrapped and it's so
cute and so neat
so we tell you right here this is what
you could expect inside same thing so it
shows you and it shows you what the
inside looks like too
see focus for example this one see it
shows you what the inside is check out
all of these bento box selections so
that you could take on the bullet train
with you and these are all ready to go
and sushi was once
actually fast food you can eat it on the
go look at this oh my goodness no I am
eating now look at all of this all of
this looks amazing
what do I eat this is the hardest
decision of my life
look at all of this what am I supposed
to do
what are you getting this is so good
there's a yeah with it you just pull the
string and it heats itself but then no
everything here is cool
Oh everything here is cold oh you can't
heat it up
no it's bento boxes a that's the way to
think I already know I'm wigging are you
getting a look at the cuddle with the
rice ball I kinda want sushi
we on the bullet train and everyone had
the same idea like literally we've been
like walking to be higher than nobody
oh yeah baby the mail yeah we have Casey
and to Shawn Gianna Josh Joe Jess we
have the mozz I think it's everyone oh
and Tony and some random what stupid
listen ah call me stupid one more time
see what happens how am i new my face
hate you
we're actually about to eat right now
the most Japanese II think that you can
do is get a bit too long and since we
have a two hour training ahead we're
gonna eat here so this is a bento box
I got a katsu I couldn't make up my mind
and then bar made up his mind so quickly
that I'm like okay I'm just gonna go
with what Bart wants cuz I have no idea
this is pretty cool
stick to our only attack okay so he
wants you to speak million Chinese and
I'm excited to eat sorry for the trip
sure how you know
all right this presentation all my
goodness it's like unwrapping a
Christmas present
I'm not worthy enough worthy as you are
very worthy anyone ever bit white rice
cuts across them and we don't sell it
and reddish oh I'd like for this oh I
like that and I'm going to put the
costume on Scott
and it's really this one unfortunately
is not warm they did give me fair
warning but ok the one that Bart got
yesterday that thing is amazing all the
stream like you guys saw and it just
heats everything
Oh
this is so yummy you guys should really
appreciate it Bart Instagram post
because it literally takes him like 10
to 20 minutes to edit I write the
captions to each one I'm almost done
with my food
he hasn't even opened it yet because
he's so into completing the caption for
his I'd repost so that's the part of the
Instagram experience the caption is just
as important as the picture
I mean I don't even write stuff online
you're amazing for doing that thank you
I'm so insightful mine are just so
stupid selfish you should follow you at
bar Quan I think they should have bark
on follow me
NGO at geo underscore one edge you'll
get daily updates from what's going on
on my Instagram yeah look at this he's
been working on this since the castle no
no no no this is the first train right
it's been like a minute oh yeah you're
so close oh oh but this is so good it's
not even warm it's like room temperature
it's pretty damn chilly out here what
are you doing
what are you what are you doing right
now nothing
no what are you looking up just
different ways to love you better know
pull that up
pull that Mishra keep going
no where's the price tag what there it
is six thousand dollars we believe it
what's a reduce new process used to be
hid nothing you save $2,000 why are you
looking at that because I'm thinking
about getting one
Oh what are you gonna do with it
you pull out the jiggy office I just
have it as decoration yeah so when the
perpetrators come in they know not to
fuck with us
we're warlords at this problem what are
you trying to put it on know where you
can make it come toward your body what
inspired this what can we just came from
the Masonic castle
by warlord by Hideyoshi Toyotomi so now
I want to sell my sister's for the bass
you're ridiculous us no time it's only
been like an hour or two since we saw
that and now well I'm not a
procrastinator
that's kind of how I think of that
department
I don't wanna like wait for the last
baby you want to be fine I'll give you
that are you really gonna buy something
maybe I'm gonna talk about a job it is
company money
go figure I will figure that out oh my
god
I already paid for it oh my god what did
I get myself into it was talking about
you know that's fucking bad-ass a
mystery what about a $6,000 with the
Menace how that shit I don't know okay
awesome
no one else on how to share the house
so Roscoe is think of this as a $6,000
piece of decoration
while the main boys think of it as a
$6,000 inspiration and motivation for
what for us to be better which ones get
better people
well you're a great person already but
let's be better you know how good he
would feel if he were severe that it was
put it on you how much the separation
how good you'll feel all that positivity
yeah but that's he have a wife or that's
what they do well that's another thing
something else put this motherfucker on
and a ar-15 who the fuck is gonna fuck
with me I think you guys are saying
different things usually I'll just
double so first get inspired and
motivated and then so you kill it at
being a husband father a son wherever
and then you put them up on her arm pull
out your ar-15 with a buzz enough fuzz
of you in a samurai suit and a sovereign
pretty much you think the world is his
yeah here you're like his little devil
shoulder Oh angel yeah I'll go like
through it your hands think alike you
want win - I would love to have a kid
sighs quite half the price which appears
glass joash already thinks about summer
suit Joe hold up shot Josh is in the
shot Joe do you really want a samurai
suit don't even
I was telling her imagine I put on a
samurai shoe and I bust out my ar-15
where the bugs are fuck with me now
modern warrior homie Joe wants a blood
and a thousand dollars you know why man
by I know my Japanese is if you have
such a disapproving look like I didn't
say that
okay I'm just very curious I'm just
dissecting the mail retarded blind well
let's see that's what I'm saying you're
already some disapproving of it
no I'm not I think it's pretty bad okay
it's all about sale but that's what's
wrong with you we put that at the office
with a fucking fuck you nobody go public
you hire somebody to be inside of it
no bar wants to be inside of it all day
no no we're not someone cause of fucks
with us I put it on the mat what are my
guns you know how long it takes to hold
up gee I don't you find robbers right
now but it's like an hour later I don't
it's not like that Batman montaging
takes it out and put another that's tied
you what did you
I know I know what they sell Google yes
exactly
great question you're ridiculous guys
shouldn't that be
oh yeah this is
all day cuz here you're really not to be
eating
so miracles miracles now go I've had
this weekend here for about five hours
five hours you've been carrying over
five hours yes they packaged it because
that's what everyone else in Japan
that's hold it in for five hours so they
packaged it so that you can be on the go
and by the time you get it home it's
perfect
so to start off with
give you a spoon
good ol a spoon and then they give you
this little ring so that the desserts
not sliding around in the box in
addition to that the thing of everything
okay you an ice pack so that it's it's
been five hours well it's still kind of
cold oh yeah it's virtually are chill
so the knew that we would share they
gave me two
and here's the dessert
look at that
that looks like one person serving what
the fuck
okay that looks good on a bit it now
yes
you're busy appearing
all right
Transpo
I thought is it that good so it's
raspberry yeah bread with this friend
has like let's really
it has both plates on top
Oh
but yummy
what's that sound
poor Isaac that goes like not even
having it
our crew right there
Oh
we're doing them a favor
you're welcome
oh my god
why
finally back home and I must say it was
really nice to come back to Tokyo where
my home is even though it's mega hustle
and bustle here it's like load times it
right now oh maybe not thank you I
couldn't get to my question it is 9 p.m.
okay so at the 10 p.m. and people were
still sprinting in the station from one
train to the other trying to catch a
train it was crazy and I'm like worried
about sprinting to like it seemed like
they had a meeting to go to or like some
really important and like what the hell
it's late you should be going home um
but I mean it's that's just a kind of
hustle and bustle that's out here but
regardless of how fast newsstand
everything is out here it's really nice
to come back I don't know if I just feel
like this connection to this place now I
think this is our homepage you got home
luggage unpack there like everything
familiar so it's nothing for a whole
week trying to understand the blocks
what's on this corner was on that chair
yeah feels more comfortable and then
since we left for kyoto and osaka then
kind of an adventure like we don't know
where we're going yeah yeah they're like
yeah yeah yeah oh my god no uh one pair
of socks one one t-shirts a keyboard
this yesterday yeah well I wore this
yesterday I did change my shirt out I
did too
this is so I'm sweaty woeful so how
fresh I just got fresh underwear and
then a t-shirt yeah it feels the same
thing I'm happy to be taking off my
boots putting on some comfy comfy nights
but for now I'm calling it oh whoa what
the hell happened
sometimes you do hope for tonight I
think I'm calling it a night
um yeah yay for being home have a few
more days here it's kind of like I'm
slowly getting ready to go back home for
sure
well you I am mr. puffs
Oh me dude okay with you I can't feel my
face when I love with you hover while
they can see the target and the right on
it's ready to go are you good I'm us BAM
and then they shoot them down
oh cool
