good morning guys so uh it's been a week
since I've been out here in Japan and
geo is running on her cute ass pajamas
and like her buttons look how old are
you candy but God forgot sexy that cute
ass little clock
I've never unbutton because look at that
cute ass it up
how'd you put it on and you've been
sliding it on like a sweater god yeah
that's so lazy
you're some lazy japanies cute ass
fucking pocket yeah can't even push shit
in there did you pump it to the wall but
anyways so I've been out of Japan and
our schedules been hectic you to try to
see everything right you know when I
travel like you're like oh I see that I
see that so we've been waking about 5:00
and yesterday was the first day we got
to wake up at 8:00 and it felt great
today woke up at 7:00 Ping's like 7:30
right now it feels great but what I
really miss is working out and um before
I left for Japan I was looking up power
lifting gems we haven't CrossFit gyms to
work out at and all of them were like 30
minutes out which meant I would have to
take a 30-minute subway out while
everyone else or it goes out work out
for two hours take another 30 minutes
back Sean for 30 minutes take another 30
minutes some point out by the time I
made up with everybody it was going to
be like 2:00 or 3:00 in the afternoon
you know and I want to waste my time
like that so I brought an emergency kit
which I'm actually going to use so I'm
really happy that I brought it and it's
my gym so I brought all kinds of
resistance bands I think this one goes
up by 50 pounds this one goes up like
even like 300 pounds so I'm just going
to be doing a bunch of different
exercises I'll put it up around my neck
to do squats that is benchpress and I
think the important thing is I'm not
trying to get super strong get the best
workout of my life
at least by exercising the muscle I
won't decrease my muscle mass because
I'm I think scientifically if you don't
train for about two weeks your body will
start going oh shit I don't need this
muscle mass I'll start breaking it down
and I'm trying to get stronger so I want
to at least engage the muscle work it
out keep my muscles stimulated so my
body knows to hold on to the muscle and
to know that all the calories that I put
in while I'm eating on this bottom food
out here to convert it into Muslim so
I'll be working out at the park
alright so me Casey and the homie
Brandon are at the park and this is work
out while traveling
so we got bands of different strengths
this is the lightest one it gets heavier
heavier heavier this one is super heavy
so we'll start off we're gonna start off
our workout with squats and we're gonna
warm up with the red one
this is my first working set
Oh
yes
is it working said yeah
this was a human thing see what happens
that's that stiff-legged
you don't get that rewarding feeling of
nothing right
yeah he's like that's right it is fuzzy
now you're done with lower body now
we're gonna work out chest width and
bench press against the street light
pole
in a bush
and
that's the lightest fan the red one
hello I think studies that's a good
warm-up I just could just shakes cuz you
never really yeah there's not used to it
being in that position to bench press
yeah I could sister you life hahaha but
now you know with the Bose dad get your
size I don't own one
that'll hold your body still so doing
the work rather than like you're pushing
your body like Oh keep it absolutely
yeah
there you go
I don't know yet I stopped in we're
always gonna have an independent season
I'm hoping for 82 I know but we're
playing Cleveland Christmas Day no one's
ever done that nobody's ever done I want
to knock him over he's dead for sure
but that's is Jordan they want a
Christmas they are watching the movie
advocate oh yeah yes lebra the things
happening that the oh yeah the best yeah
the best record was by Jordan in like 96
to 72 and 10/10 losses on the season I
mean the season so early but
Oh
my toes like what the round the body
budget Lexi yeah yeah yeah oh I'll show
this T can what the heck is that case
we're getting turned up tonight on I'm
snake sockets Audrey that is a change
I know yeah you see this a it's like the
mouth is open to Wow yeah we were just
told that it's a welcoming gift for
anyone that's visiting Japan and we have
to drink it or also be discourteous if
we don't drink really I guess you have
to get turnt up Dan thanks there's a
real snake in here that's crazy
oh it's a real freaking snake in here
huh so we just barely missed this chain
we got on this train we're not even in
the right car crash our car 12 and we
just entered the car seven but we have
to jump on the trailer conductors again
the trains leaving so now we have to do
voila the train is moving to our car but
the cool thing is that we're on the
bullet train so this guy goes up to like
300 an hour super fast and they're still
gonna take us about three hours to get
from Kyoto so today we're going to Kyoto
and as we're riding the train right here
this is the most traffic that I've seen
so far look at all these people going to
work at the train station holy guacamole
look at that isn't that insane babe this
is epic this is really epic like
everyone knows what fuck it is like what
time it is and they know where they're
going it's amazing
like I don't ever want to be like if I
don't cross or not I panic so my damn it
I'm dead like they're gonna trample me
and you know what's crazy is that this
was daily occurrence all these people
going to work going to school running
errands this is a daily occurrence and
every five minutes there's this huge
rush of people like this
this is insane and what was crazy is
earlier we were on the train and it was
so jam-packed like me like this like we
were so tight like anybody I wanted to I
just go you kiss everybody around me and
it was so tight as the train was rocking
back and forth we were each other's
cushions that we didn't have to hold on
that was insane
I still can't get over it's just so many
people but it's organized chaos it is
everyone knows like if you're heading in
one direction everyone walks to the left
and then coming back you don't want
something right like if you get it yeah
this is so crazy I can't believe this
this is how fast things fly by going at
200 miles an hour from a distance it
doesn't really seem half-assed but as
soon as we're going by next to something
that is pretty much just like 10 feet in
front of us then you see how fast it
really is
so if you were in a Ferrari or a
Lamborghini we're going 200 miles an
hour
or even on a motorcycle this is what you
would see if you look to the sign
like the wall and the rails is flying by
you in a streetlight or a lamppost is
only barely a second flash in pharmacy
so crazy
Miriam finally decided to join us and
now I see David and Miriam cupcaking
like a motherfucker over there with
those lovebirds
making fun of me jerk up taking shit
Davis's be now a Salisbury
house it was bad but a lower to the
churches lower it to the changes
we just got it to Kyoto and it's a
thousand-year-old City the oldest cities
in Japan
I am excited now we just walking to our
baby well explore the site and sounds of
red bean paste but uh how much is a red
bean paste one I'm buying it
babe babe I need money they give me 100
bucks I need a hundred bucks thank you
I don't know if I have it yeah you do
just got it in there just give it to the
lady I don't think I have it
you gotta i got a 250 get two circles
one circle boom bada bing
250 thank you okay uh uh green tea one I
never had the green tea one before thank
you
all right so back on the road back on
the road and then we lost our group what
the hell
mob area so we can't get distracted it's
a longer group we have to find them we
have to find them where did they go all
these people go to school go to school
go to school we have to find them they
didn't wait for us at OU they didn't
wait for us at all train tracks oh there
they are
uh-huh I found ya okay they're right
here they're right here so I found this
crispy ball place and it's green tea in
the middle want some of course
mmm
yummy
the drink is really strong are all in
uh-huh
not with sharing this cold you don't
think the whole thing I'll give the half
oh ha ha
I just want to try it ok yummy um keep
bowling ball bus huh yeah that's good
yeah sorry quickly because we're leaving
IVR ok
where you guys from Indonesia Oh who's
on vacation holiday you can forgive me
we also a youtubers Oh Alan Millie all
right one two three
oh my god sorry ISA video Oh No do you
see spoon sorry we have to go yeah we
have the gone okay one two three
I don't know the dogs we gotta catch up
what the hell Nemo breath we can't get
distracted they always get distracted
oh no I'm gonna lose weather how I live
I'm gonna lose
aha Oh taxi I found them
so far my impression of Kyoto is this is
a much more chillaxing part of Japan
that is much traffic definitely you feel
the more on oldest of the city
everything looks a little bit older
built long time ago it's like the old
town of every city you know shit drop my
stuff and because of that has a very
nostalgic feel doesn't feel like the
busy skyscraper mad traffic super
metropolitan like the Tokyo part of
Japan it feels like a more very rustic
old-fashioned even part of Japan what do
you feel like more of the culture is
going to be preserved here and you can
find a lot of old-school Japanese relics
and that's the exact reason why we came
because uh I really really like
architecture and since I'm walking
against the Sun my my face was black the
whole time so my walk backwards but um
yeah that's the reason why I came here
is I found out that uh there's an option
for us to go to Kyoto and I'm like hell
yeah I want to go there to love
architecture and I like watching a lot
of Japanese movies and I always see all
the temples and stuff in there and I'm
like Dan those temples and calves like
dough so I want to check it out and
that's why we're here
so we've just arrived at our location
and check out the Japanese architecture
they found all of their only Caucasian
rocks on the floor and threw it there
with okay great
pepperoni Plato and the smallest door
look at David's about a bruise his head
ohmy holdy damn it okay and it is
wrapped in the bamboo bamboo everything
around here hmm and we will in turn we
were and traditional carpet each way the
Steven Carter oh yeah on a concrete what
the hell this trick me what the heck
it's immediately a kitchen how
interesting to walk right into a kitchen
when you've gone to the house
Wow whoa freak what I feel like I'm in a
Japanese restaurant dude are you serious
with the sliding doors they got the
sliding doors up in here awesome
damn and this IKEA left what oh there's
like a little altar Oh tatami oh they
hooked it up with the Tommy holy moly
these stairs Wow
any go right into here Oh shoes gotta
wash great a little tea ceremony room
Sam you can have judo matches on his mat
Oh be careful yeah Danny about the smash
her head on that thing
this is quasi it is it really really is
Wow it's a sumo wrestling room what do
you think it's beautiful huh
watch our head oh we're looking around
even though I think we're just exploring
right now go down there and bury
yourself holy shit you can I should go
down there
yeah in love with this house he's like
it's perfect damn good Chinese this is
insane dude Wow look at home what a
super Isaac the secret passage where I
get into the basement let me see alright
that's crazy this is small and this is
it go straight back out to the kitchen
goes back into the living room we just
saw what this place is dope party guys
I'm gonna go upstairs oh wow look at
this it looks like that we have two big
beds and then everything else is a tough
time being sleeping okay yeah oh cool
it's like a hotel damn look at this look
at this yeah there's a baby room for you
no it's for you I make a baby with you
babies oh we've been making babies you
can make it babies every night just
houses you
a little wah
another judo match room Joshu could have
judo matches in here did you know did
you know that in traditional Japanese
real estate estimation I loved as a
thing but uh how they estimate how big
how they convey how big each house is
there's actually uh space they just
measure by the amount of tatami mats are
so for example a house can be 42 tommy's
50 Khatami's 102 tommy's and each to
Tommy is 3 feet by 6 feet because it's
meant to sleep one person so if you have
52 Tommy mats that means whoa are you
all right trying to do judo through
right they have 52 time to master
technically you can sleep 50 people yeah
that's what an efficient they are each
than that right here is like I'm
supposed to sleep one person one person
right here one person right here one
person right here and that's literally
all that you need and and Japanese
people are so efficient that after they
have their living room or meal they put
everything away and you can just sleep
right here people go isn't that cool
this is so cool if you don't we're
looking for food okay I'm really hungry
I got sidetracked I saw these sweet
Mountain potatoes fried and Japan is
known for their Mountain yams or
potatoes or whatever the fuck they're
called and so I just got them and
they're delicious
I think they put sugar on the outside
tear
they're gonna have a bite no but I don't
want to hold on I want to take all your
whole thing you just rip a piece off let
me feed you
okay good good
mm-hmm tell me I know let's get a real
real milk my salsa that looks really
good though my try are you sure you got
in there let me go first
mmm ha ha oh shit it's gonna mother holy
should you see the steam coming out holy
shit yeah dual Candice whoa
oh don't eat over there oh all right
to get marker for your lunch I gotta do
it so open twice a year
what's all that stuff underneath a rice
and it's eggs yeah what does it call it
copies down or something ha ha
that means cancer over rice we're since
we're right next to now done is like a
rice bowl so I'm gonna quit on is the
chicken and egg over ice and then guilt
on is Yoshinoya pretty much people I
don't know that mean I got sober I love
soba my first second get sober in Japan
though and I got tempura and more
tempura and ink to write letters with so
this place makes freshly baked and fried
rice crackers and this is the first time
that I ever ate a fresh one so it's
actually hot usually the ones I eat are
the ones that come in the plastic bags
but it's the first hot one so I'm
excited to try this and there's a ton of
sugar on there so it looks bomb as you
know I love sweets
it aims just like the one in the plastic
bag but fresher and warmer and more
Street foodie
as I can't have more funkier
so now I'm just walking down a street
foodie festival
part of Kyoto they got fried stuff they
got desserts over there
they got schoolgirls for your perverts
people and keep old-school kimonos for
your traditional perverts
they got geo for your people that like
tall people perverts
they got dried persimmons which are
delicious
they got assorted snacks
they got tourists they have what is that
over there they got a yakitori on the
street what is this oh cool I got
grilled quail that's pretty cool
we got grilled quail quails a little
bird
go down bellow
so this guy is making soba and this is
the hottest item on this street every
time it makes a whole batch it all
disappears immediately in this is
long-ass line although we're all full
and we can't eat this right now it is
our goal to try to eat this later maybe
even not tomorrow morning before we
leave but I have never seen anything
made in bulk quantity like that with two
big-ass spatulas but I'll see you later
it does smell delicious huh these
motherfucking kids they know what's up
after school they come and they grab
their snacks and they eat that's like
our version of 7-eleven we used to go to
the donut shop after after school and
grab snacks flamin hot cheetos that's
their flamin hot cheetos octopus balls
takoyaki just looking at the skyline you
can tell that Kyoto there's a way
flatter City
as tall and everything looks definitely
a little bit older and it definitely has
that old country feel you feel like
you're in the countryside of Japan but
it's very charming but as this charming
feel to it where you see buildings that
resemble things I probably could existed
a few hundred years ago so this is
really cool I enjoy this change of pace
it's a very picturesque I look I'm in a
movie about Japan except I'm the one
vlogging it one thing I noticed about
Japan is that all the cars are hella
clean I don't know what it is they have
less dust out here or something or the
birds just know not to shit on the cars
you got polite birds look at this bus
even this bus is clean it's like
everything is rolled out of hot and poor
nights or something damn
cleaners bus yeah that way you're gonna
wheel where the pike at that clean ass
fucking bike on there
des will put this car in park every time
is that intersection
my grandpa drives like that too actually
I think it's all the old school drivers
that are used to driving manual when
they drive Auto they're like oh I gotta
put in a neutral look at always clean as
my fucking car's got game
keeps a clean roof roof roof over a
thousand is that actually the is that
the actual price cuz I'm the actual
martin o'malley southbound but what did
the insult services here at six me I
think it's more expensive you just
