Bart what happened or what's going on
right now so we're suburbs of Japan and
they don't sue the English here and they
don't have an English menu like some of
the more tourist family places so we're
looking at this menu we don't assess and
we just came out of a horse restaurant
that we walked into we wanted to be sure
they serve like regular stuff here so
we're like is this you know I guess like
do we have Wu point here you have
chicken they have four but we don't know
what this is it could be chicken gizzard
chicken skin chicken whatever so we're
just like fuck it let's just order three
of every day and if something's good
we'll repeat it if something's not good
we won't hoarder and we're going to
share them on all the buses that's our
strategy well we've been Google
translated in it failed yeah all I know
is Missy all I know is this is heart and
this is gizzard or the other way around
and both are delicious all the delicious
not down I know but people have to do
this somehow there have the first white
guy that was until I kept and they
probably was like yeah kind of among
youth and they just brought it up and I
just made it without rushing in that I
figured they liked it or not so
and like this this uh this idea I think
it's it was this idea is like just order
one of everything is adventurous its was
this idea did this when we go back to
eating the course I'll treat you down
the alleys in a closed course and I'm
hoarse cuz we have for sashimi they oh
yeah Wow today on the spot ducks issues
oh yeah
yeah what about that on the I so love
them not now I'll be down for the horse
I never tried horse again I want a meal
entire your horse me neither be either
superb ah we're stubborn as my gun five
hungry right now this isn't really
helping either cuz we're also gambling
it fuck whatever Yolo Yolo
okay I don't know what any of this is
they're all different and so this is our
first batch oh that's a Elmer Fudd this
is chicken so I can tell you what so
many things are I think this is chicken
heart or chicken gizzard same as this
this is chicken skin I believe this is
something this is something this is oh
this is chicken thigh the chicken thigh
and green onion they always put that
together
no uses this is what that chicken wing
oh it's chicken wing which is safe I
think we got a real egg this is chicken
dicks and this is it's awful what your
gift so that's the worse than its kind
of get is that it's chicken only I'll
have your wrong except for the sausage
so bone Appetit
no matter stick you know I can go with
uh I'll go with the guilt I don't I
already know I like it everybody else
why is it we have everything
yeah
go for it this is this is like oh is
that her that looks like really a heart
or kidney so organ
it's a sleeper child holy is awesome we
have a whole suite this is a lot of like
wet blood cells
oh god what are you guys eating what do
you think you're eating gizzard ila I've
never had kids there before my first
time this is like actually really good
al Margie I love it no I'm good okay
okay what don't you like about it
oh there's a chicken that you can save a
piece of Italy to order more than your
way that's a good strategy
yeah so that's gonna process okay babe
things we like we save a little bit the
order more things we don't like we just
finish eating it so far how's everything
what the heck Amin - mamas oh is that me
right now kind of weird and then I am in
this table and come on tell me what is
my chicken gizzard huh and then I ate
something that was really crunchy so I
think that was chicken because I think
of chicken no I do okay oh look at
what's behind you chicken line with
Manion you cannot go along with chicken
fine green onion okay so what you do
yeah yeah all right
this is beautiful whatever it is I've
been eating this what is this gonna be -
yeah chicken cut out yellow station
you will go in the second car thank you
cut out your existing base about that no
I don't know what that is do you guys
want the baseball bat not financially go
fight yes throw this cartilage oh that's
where looks chicken because heartily
care like oh that's my bitch chicken
meatball chicken meatball Oh God tips
not drinking beer it's actually green
tea but you see I can't leave you there
for sure though I can't because it's
done loading I got perfect alright so
the reason why I'm pretending is hot
smoke all the evil there's this lady
that keeps smoking any blowing smoke
directly for this Mackey I'm not talking
about every star instruction it's just I
want to talk to someone I give it that
exhale they ship off the side its
natural roll to the right over here that
about my used to eating but just fucking
my shutter
what as funny as it is sweet
we are someone else's country so we
can't be American body and have our
expectation our standard that we're in
there we need to respect them so that's
what they do here then that's what they
do here we don't complain we just kind
of roll with the punches that's it
refinance you're serious never had a
meal I didn't wear my heart I don't know
what you don't know we're gonna get ya
so it's like I like taste good Oh sounds
like gambling it was like food roulette
mostly it's like you order you're like
oh I'm gonna get the ribeye your thumbs
down our chili did you take your first
time and then you get this or this one
is like every single skewer it was like
yeah I don't know what the hell with you
over a thousand is that actually the is
that the actual price cuz I'm the actual
market value southbound but what is the
insult refuge here at sixteen I think is
more expensive gauges
