alright guys good morning this is our
first family road trip outing vacation
you want to call it ever and it's me
Bart my mom and they could take up
obviously baby yoga and we got that's
sweet for all of us and I want you to
see it don't you see don't see so we're
at Harrah's right now in Temecula
because Bart's taking this gun this gun
course or something so he's like oh you
guys could just be on this resort thing
so we got it we got a suite when you
first enter I know I'm out of breath
with that you have bathroom number one
nothing so crazy and then we already
made this the baby changing station so
we have the Pampers the wipes the
Pampers and then the but pointment now
this is the first room it's cute already
have a pack and play and I didn't know
this but you can actually request it
from the hotel if you ask them like do
you have any cribs or pack and plays and
stuff and they usually provide it so now
you know parents there's a hack and so
we're basically out in the desert it's
about like an hour and a half drive and
yeah I take a little mini Vegas this is
our room that's our view of the
mountains and then we have another
station for tyka and yeah it looks like
we had a bunch of intimate sex time here
but we didn't it was just
Bart sleeping trying to sleep Tyco in
the middle here because a night it got
really cold and handed up spitting up
some more here on the bed oh there it is
it's your little drool stain or spit up
stain then it have this pacifier life is
so much more different with a kid guys
yeah he has a little pack and play here
I have a little pillow underneath that
clean sheet and then there's this creepy
ass like business corner here that I'm
just not about the smallest TV in the
world is in the biggest room in the
world so I'm gonna lay down or sit down
as if I was watching TV look at how far
that is like come on dudes but anyway I
guess the point that they're trying to
make here is that you
supposed to be watching TV while you're
here but what if that's my my way to
relax
anyway and then we have changing station
number two for tight guy here so another
pamper wipes changing table dirty pants
and then we have bathroom number two and
then this is where the big bathroom
comes in he isn't her sink or two sinks
and then we have a jacuzzi bathtub here
so it's gonna be nice and then a big up
shower whoa
focus focus focus there you go
a big-ass shower with two showerheads
because what no what one for the head
one for the body I get you I get you I
get you
yeah and then my mom's feeding type out
right now which is nice as he gave me
some time to like fix everything up so
doesn't look as fucked up believe it or
not I look way more fucked up before I
started filming this so it looks a
little bit more presentable for you guys
and I ordered oh the hell my talking
knock and here is the living room with
another small ass TV
yeah but the couch is pretty cool I was
looking at it and in comparison to mine
and I was like wow this guy's just
really smaller my mom and Bart are like
no our couch is really big so when I sit
on it
it's like appropriate size and then we
have a little food station for Tai Chi
here too if you haven't noticed the
theme of this video so far it's just how
can we make this hotel room take a
friendly that's basically what it is and
then in that room which I won't show you
is my mom's room she gets her separate
room which is really really cool she has
her privacy she's not hearing baby teka
scream his head off all the time then
here this is Thai cos wheels this just
hockey rolls and then out here I ordered
room service
kind of hot but also really bright there
we got this little bitter yeah so
that's the pool that we probably won't
go in today and that that's the food but
this is a view but look at that freaking
pool is nice huh when it looks it's like
80 degrees out here cuz we're in the
desert and it's nuts within at night
it's like 40 degrees because it's a
desert so it's very extreme
Bay extreme weather yep and that's
that's pretty much the hotel kind of
trail is that that's cool
and although we're enjoying ourselves
here Bart is just shooting shit at this
this I forgot what it is dammit I should
pay more attention he told me like so
many times specifically what it was and
I just couldn't retain the information
so now I sound like an idiot that
doesn't pay attention that's kind of
usually what happens but yeah we're
gonna grab now and I'll show you what I
ordered because I have no idea what I
would I'm gonna help my mom out with the
baby tiger so that we can all eat
together I'll put him in his wheels and
we'll just hang out alright so now this
is what I ordered I got Oh Jay coffee
for two and then the first meal is oh
shit steak and eggs poached eggs my
favorite found that steak looks pretty
good actually
let's see if I can grab it oh shit the
plates hot next one is oh this is my
mom's scrambled eggs with sausage oh
it's really hot oh oh
sourdough bread okay give it to me
that's my favorite toast
alright it's sourdough then we got the
waffle
oh yes that's mine I don't even think
I'm gonna finish this oh shit it's
really hot tyfa is here d8 but he's
gonna keep the ladies company because
we've just don't feel safe out here and
we
a man in our presence then we're very
scared we have to have a little
bodyguard last one is Oh another hot ass
plate that's the mom but it comes with
all these different things so we can
customize our meal look at how cute this
is TIFF would flip for shit she saw this
cuz I'm flipping mine like I'll keep
this is all right it's like it's gonna
keep staring at that oh you heard me say
your name boy with the cutest feet and
you cute little giraffe
we got a document every place this
giraffe has been it's travelled so many
places with you alright breakfast was
delicious took a shower did my face and
now we just kind of wait in the room and
watch here a Potter because can you take
the I'll show you what can take this day
that's what King that guy's doing
that's why we can't do anything other
than wait in this beautiful warm until
the King wakes up so we'll see what we
decide to do once he decides to wake up
which is good he had a really hard time
sleeping last night so I'm happy that
he's sleeping now the sunshine boy is
awake yay sentient boys awake
which means that we're gonna go just
walk around the area yeah and yeah and
see what we can do so we're gonna leave
the hotel finally it's what time is it
now it's almost four o'clock and we're
barely gonna leave the room but I guess
that's just what happens with a baby
they kind of dictate the whole day you
know what I mean but yeah let's see what
trouble we can get into trying to get
trouble with it you check it trouble me
alright
so guess who's back home so did you did
you record anything that you did well
what did you do today nobody even knows
why we're here I didn't even announce
why we're here on my birthday present
I'm Auburn's big hue name she bought me
something that I wanted and it's a
weekend full of shooting today as a
combat what kind of shooting a combat
carbine course today and then tomorrow
is a combat pistol course and I'm
learning from this class called courses
of actions really dumped the head
instructors name is Johnny primo and
he's a former Special Forces army green
beret you have a glasses tan are you
wearing sunglasses yep yeah you have a
10 on your face I was out there doing
sexy stuff all day
good take you ready you didn't believe
him oh please
well the dope thing about that is Bart
was recording all that steps like I
can't wait to see it cuz I don't even
know what he was doing so I can't wait
to see it um stay tuned because it's
gonna we're gonna upload that
all right so we're out of a fake
and the worst
but that's all I ended up really getting
just kind of pulled up beside that was
basically in it
but
what this guy comes to a buffet an
American buffet to get Asian food I was
I was screaming all day my wonderful
they had so many types of suits like
chick pen
chicken noodle food they had I forgot
the other ones I thought I already got
my usual though I got
that's an awesome eyebrow - and
round three imma clean it with another
layer of whatever but maybe loosen and
round pores will be desserts
what some nobody good one really oh
pretty good no I'm good
and that guy my mom was stay next time
so I think he was by himself but that
guy
you big cutie pie
enjoy your Asian food
look at how cute Tycho is he's so big
now him and I always have a good time
take up the because he turned huh take
up hey Nina
hey Nina
hey oh yeah yeah Oh me hear me hear you
Oh Huey this is laughing at you oh yeah
think of you me you me I'll be Harvey
Harvey Harvey you
oh you turn your head you know he's just
smiling at you look at those long legs
those are some long legs whoo
yeah we're just sitting here and talking
no TV no cell phone we're just talking
it's pretty nice even Tigers pokey
hey he's playing with dad
good boy good boy
thank you this is this far
it's a funny sound it better not smell
it better not smell it better not smell
if you start to crying don't move your
butt don't move your butt from the
cushion we're just sharing funny sounds
well it's gonna smell really bad really
really really bad really bad but dad -
who Kachina pesto so Gino's no just
those she knows what she know okay he's
nuts lady he's trying to push up like a
boy good boy that's how you're gonna
poop - boy oh there it comes I think the
movie
the other one the other one the other
one help him their cricket know they're
the ones stuck baby he doesn't even know
his own name
