what flavor did you hear momma maple we
took a falafel okay yeah I got the
chocolate
there is yummier
mine is yummy huh there's like vanilla
there's like vanilla extract in the
waffle yummy time it's a dark chocolates
it's not so sweet and in-your-face go
dude
who's here well never was over there get
to meet up with them for a centerpiece
of your life how do we get to where
everyone here
I guess I thought the duck boots too cuz
my boots what I'm far more David the big
bajo and we come okay
oh we all fit in here holy guacamole we
all fit in here has anyone behind david
yes yes
oh there's random stranger okay random
stranger hmm because there was daily of
you what oh god time traveling so do you
okay I'm scared of heights isn't that
help my palms are sweating again no no I
can't do it okay oh okay
you're welcome okay turn how romantic
that like Chinese people it was to my
all the time have a very big fear of
heights who do hold you we're almost
look down over there I can't do it I
can't see the rooftop Rafael I
understand but my penis is really all
right Oh
guess was here already Oh everybody else
came here yes
most Worman here look how cool this
thing is it's a professional lemon
squeezer okay you just squeeze it and
all the leverages comes out that's
pretty good it is professional ma bear
it is professional okay okay my bears
trying to get hurt tonight I never get
hurt what are you getting up here aren't
you take a load off relax little bit
looks like this oh yeah this is
delicious delicious
cheers Cheers ever was
no Hanna City monthly oh what's shitty
mas Amy what's shitty mas a really you
said shitty ma say we just head right
now shitty ma say yeah I don't know you
don't know what it means
no no mean I mean I don't know all means
I don't know okay shit without you got
it got it yeah you know deputies are
everyday I'm thirsty SL so I ordered a
big as routine
hopefully they give it to me I think
you're allergic Speer so I'm not
offending for but I do like to throw boo
back once every six months so do I only
a 100 only time you drink with her will
use one we're and it was cycle is used
on I drink the whole thing like a man oh
oh after that got like three three hairs
on his chest is so cute you be alright
so I'm gonna drink a big man yeah and
hopefully they give me a big picture
thirsty I don't want this
so we just got served with this giant
fried fried little chicken baby I don't
know what it is actually what do you
know actually and you notice well he did
say that dip it in the soy sauce and
there's a bunch of sauces there's a
mustard sauce it's hot so be careful
what if any in all it's a front okay
okay fried and it really is they're
really hot okay it's a big character
what are you doing I got my ice into my
ice cream okay so initially they gave
him this cup was too small started
complaining till then he just used it
when I heard you was just a baby after
I'm freaking thirsty imma drink this
whole thing any like at least beauties
right now and you know there's clear I'm
really thirsty
oh this big baby complains all that I
never complained it oh it's not enough
water from him freaking thirsty up from
California is a drought of course is
this fried shrimp and we got to use this
little lemon squeezer
that's nice wisdom in on your shit right
now
I just believe lemon on my shredder
whoa whoa I want to know how it tastes
as a young magician maybe no I get
really really yummy I love your mother
you know you're my favorite travel buddy
yeah I love I love traveling the world
with my wife and seeing the world we've
been to Paris together we've been to
Taiwan together to Malaysia Australia
Tokyo together been so many places
together bikini shriveled-up
in the UI po is here yeah oh my god you
know it to me every time when I was
editing the videos like this just
bacon-wrapped asparagus the very hot
sauce on it thank you
yeah I don't know I want to see you take
a bite I want to see my wife take a bite
what happens hot oh shit god damn holy
cow
damn I think I just witnessed the
exorcism holy guacamole
be careful with vegan yeah that's what
she said
get ready what if it's a light bacon
bacon light diet bacon damn Davis get
turnt tonight - I love all you bitches
yeah yeah turn Michaels gets hurt we're
gonna get my Gina's getting hurt
my Cordy got pussy probably no you fuck
off early you snuck off the game cameras
I want to get cameras electric pockets
like ranch mom's there we go
Jill's getting turnt Jeff's getting
turnt
Casey's getting turnt everyone's getting
tired any little bit more low-key up in
this motherfucker
oh yeah it's the Tokyo nightlife time
where for one izakaya station and we're
gonna walk to another one and look at
all the lights at nighttime that's when
Tokyo comes to life Ventura Bobby look
like a CUNY Eskimo I knew you yeah how
beautiful all these dudes is that it's
all beautiful this whole thing is ice
like so beautiful it's what I say skate
and then we've got David don't you think
it's beautiful David it's quite for my
friend the fuck is anybody we gotta
catch up to them
I'm more beautiful city and it's like a
Japanese casino or something
now I'll deliver casino here it's
actually illegal but more cityscape and
more people taking pictures
it's a Gina as a place and it's not her
friend's mother because she can look
very beautiful as you guys all have seen
all around fish much company yourself
look for walking incredible is so we're
gonna call it out right now and I'm
going to make her new sexy versus okay
alright ready I got a mystery coming up
always the girl kid you want me to get a
fish are you ready ready get your model
on I ready model all right give me a and
then and then there's and then there's
cucumbers all right now now let's do the
motherfucker all the other it is really
what get a
David there is making professional let
me shy still one good one which is this
one because sexual this is I know but
this is the best one you know it's not
let me see
and then the best one here is what we
call the Viennese pumpkin ditch look at
this shit go back to the sexual way lay
you a no go to the fuck you fuck myself
fuck myself
man goddamn I give it a view of my
my god
according to the buzz cut she were
supposed to back me up he turn on the
camera you didn't back me up put me
under the bus he started cussing out
Korean I said to myself in Spanish she
came by my bag Modi today is always
about you only when it counts all about
the voice counts every time if you want
to have sex
let me know if someone's gonna rape you
that I'm gonna be them to rape you first
but that's it
Oh hit me your fucking guts Oh baby baby
baby
I only say things like that because it's
a better dish as well for this one
there's a bonito flakes and it's
actually a doodles in there I never had
a little nothing with noodles in it was
like right
alright should we say no more so happy
doing this okay
ha
I wish you guys are just doing this word
camera but you buggers are like this all
the time I think Thomas Oh Michael
Michael Mumma doodles oh my god
I'm looking for my birthday damn good if
your birthday great plan out something
hella nice in my studio quality birthday
July 25th okay hi I'm a month before is
they can I plan out something real fun
July 25th rolls around sit at home
nobody music nothing we do like you to
forget some anything else
whose birthday wasn't last week oh my
god I'm so sorry
Tiffany people you forgot about her
birthday that's why all the remember
some people are like oh my god Gina day
we're dating
not you touch me I'm not gonna get my
every schoolgirl show the tape show the
team showed it to you Oh
explain yourself I know
would you like next year
help me Mary God I will yes your date
next year but see you know usually have
a boyfriend so by that time your
boyfriend gets you want
oh fuck you didn't show oh I cried
you ever would you know what I post it
up it's about much about you on the
plate or something
one of the biggest real regulations you
could ever have
beautiful
about you oh whoa he never posed for me
on my idea I'm alleging that's right
he's never was a fucking personal video
that I text message to you with my I'm
not sure if it's your birthday cause my
company look at this because you had a
boyfriend the timer and I didn't want to
make another such a handsome man leaving
message was leaving missing woman and
always have a wearable without fail give
you can I always feel like I have the
gay best friend that the guy doesn't
know about because they're not sure if
I'm ganna figure it is fairly hard if
you do it enough and some of the reason
why wait say it again so basically we
were talking about why people should
shave the dirty area right people
meaning guys guys I think again is doing
more than guys do the reason why people
do it that much of what's the reason I
would do it but Jill doesn't let me
shave in my natural habitat like
push it back yard so the birds can use
it for the nest and twine no but they
also use these birds are resourceful
they use the pubes to tie the nest
together I so glad these people don't
understand English lawyer I feel it's
funny because when people also don't
know is that he has to cut his
fingernails and toenails in the same
environment because he can't do inside
the first few those were the nests to
everything there's another source for
originally women I just wanna like
what's about birds it specifically says
like Marc Klaas pubes are used to
fortify the houses
that's too much work that's what she
wants me to she was finishing it in the
bathroom as a vacuum against other crazy
shit why do I have to do that like a
school the backyard welcome to Orange
it's fine a home people orange it's fine
extender you know I had issues with it
so cakes and that's a tour get blowjobs
a hundred percent I hate so I hate I
hate when I get lasered as much possible
that's right from here all the way down
I would I would I mean fuck half of a
fabulous awesome I fucking hate what did
you say music yes I would get rid of the
hair so because of that he knows I hate
hair I love giving blowjobs but because
of my mom my mom you say that you care
about bird suit oh yeah but not enough
to have your ass I care about so much
oh so no joke every day carry it with it
not every day baby a battery door not
every day as like oh cuz I'm thinking of
your fucking pubes let me shave it back
okay what's so bad if I feel bad about
the birds so bad about me good partner
a debacle Aquarius fun from the 6k love
Steve urgent Osama bin Laden one of them
simply in the middle a James Harden but
it's funny cuz his hairs are straight so
you can bring if you want like this and
not even like wavy it's like this it
looks like a Pomeranian after you give
it a bath yeah but what's so bad I'll be
shitting in the backyard though there's
not I just feel bad for the bird the
worst part is your eyes so like I go
fuck nobody know me this goes me this
works for you because one's anti shades
and you let it go out again it's
annoying to shave it again so you might
just do it
conceited but he doesn't they don't
wanna let me I would you hate blowjob
just say I'm Antoine jobs I have fallen
last time and you give it to me those
awesome
well I did please do so technically is
your fault day why because with or
without her you still give it to yo glee
is because I can't help it I'm so trying
not to be selfish so I have to put away
my own needs of coz I focus loser shit I
have to put away my own needs because he
buggy doesn't maintain it so every time
you good you have to just take a small
little baby pelvis
it's horrible cuz it's straight
remembrances eyelashes also fine who
said your shits course is fun my feeling
was gone I live in it's so of course I
know when you're scratching it because
it sounds like a fucking brillo pad
something like dude that's it totally
sound was sure yeah I just grabbed LIGO
to find the pieces yeah so you know
exactly I'm talking about
it's fucking loud so you don't like what
I do like what does a low blow job are
you are you shaved Toby's mom that I got
the beauty of Tokyo
and we walk and we walk
this way
oh sorry everyone's getting the
beautiful view of Tokyo that's crazy
would you do the James Brown it into the
James Brown before I cried before I
tried them all take another quarter your
ice cream cone spit on the floor if you
power it get it on the floor master
powers no star power I mean that's
that's the power a show is over
last thing I guess of the night is
getting ice cream at this train station
and this is the best MT ice cream I've
ever had obviously they probably
invented it but it's so good it's really
creamy very green tea and it's just it's
cold but it's also it's creamy but it's
like that's something I really like
about Asian ice creams it's in a regular
American extra if it's creamy it's
really thick and it's not light but this
is really creamy that's really light
how's your ice-cream Devin it's really
really far
I mean L honestly I don't know
what I'm comparing this to my livelihood
because we're in the place that we like
the flesh live here fucking spit it out
you know we enjoyed a lot more but what
I do like about this though is that you
can actually taste a bunch of powder
yeah which in America stuff you realize
every time you say matcha green-tea
it doesn't taste like that it tastes
like something else yeah this actually
has powder here so we'll make clean
together then I'll find me a soap box
what is shouted
and we order cod sperm boiled cod sperm
imma try some
it's delicious edges fried excited as a
lemon on any side be great and trend
into that live inside dip it in the
sauce yeah this awesome sponsor
oh wow mom right
