that's TIF upstairs getting ready
putting on makeup I probably look like a
creeper or actually I probably just look
like any normal Japanese guy hey can I
smell your underwear okay not today okay
I'll come by tomorrow what they're
looking for
hey Michael what the heck I'll just I
heard you guys talking I was like
where's that voice coming from I know
that was there
I just climbed it I mean they're gonna
pop out I'd be like hey my bear huh I
heard voices and I was like that sounds
like us and I was like what can I give
these guys Tommy right here mommy's
right here
Jill's right here hi MA bear good
morning Julia oh the black uh-oh what
what do you want from me Oh Jay Jill
want you to stick a head up more at
least half of your body what
just take a picture we saw this crow
babe and he was digging through the
trash he stuck his beak through that net
and he's about to pull the trash out you
see those trash house nets on it like
that blue one every trash has net on it
but that crow is so smart
just it was a Japanese crow he's and he
stuck his a beak through the net cuny I
feel like I'm stuck you're not climb
this wall got to get back down I think
he's too scared to look where you want
to look if he's dead they don't know
he's not that scary you could put him
away at least like two feet moreover
dangled on the feet you could I think
you should hold him by his toes his
toenails and then hang him over in my
collection I called him by his toenails
and then hang him over you morning
everyone today is our first official day
in Japan and this morning I kind of had
a little bit of jet lag I woke up at
5:00 and I got really hungry and then so
uh last night this guy gave us these
snacks so just fumbling around where I
can't see I'll just be late for work and
so I grabbed like this little triangle
rice thing and I ate that and went back
to sleep it sounds like there's nowhere
I have jet lag I got to get rid of jet
lag if I have it
I went back to sleep knock the hell out
and then woke up at 8:00
bright and early and I feel really good
so I think the first hurdle is over
knocked out the jet lag have a regular
sleeping schedule and then now me and
the crew we are probably gonna go
shopping not have in the picture say
what's up Isaac what uh
and so we're gonna go guys if there's a
car coming
so we want to go to a Shibuya I believe
and it's like a really busy intersection
the world's famous I guess intersection
where people always are always crossing
the streets weirdest time to take the
scenic route usually people ride the
subway but we're gonna walk and it's
only three miles so I probably take an
hour how do you feel about walking it my
bear oh my god I'm so in love with
walking it just because I feel like
that's me really get to take in like the
actual place that you're at there we go
like a local another all the shades of
like the sheets of the doors you get to
stare at the cars a little bit longer
you get it you get it right all the
little minor details and I'm so
fascinated about cuz I've never been
here you know even when you work even
when you walk out home yeah you get a
different view of the city when you're
walking it first when you're driving it
or even if you're biking great they're
all different three different views of
the city it's a very different
experience every single time I agree
hundred percent so I'm so happy to be
anytime I go to a new country I love
walking just cuz I can take it all in a
little bit better at my own pace
felicity we're here at our first
vending-machine experience you know and
then this guy like and then he was
trying to talk to us and you're like
what happened but we both understand
each other he bought something because
we
don't know what I look like obviously no
these are cold but then the bottom ones
were like is it hot monster you got a
pretty latte
this would I believe and it looks really
bomb and then we were asking you to good
luck well he just mumbled like that
didn't even mumble words he just made
noises like and you just kept walking on
it like I don't want to do anything with
you for I think he said no stare top
alert a curated stay under there can you
give me a creamy latte then it's not
exciting how can you get my hopes up and
now work at the vending machine you guys
want to see what the view of these
stupid Americans look like this is our
view this is what us stupid JK Americans
look like to the America to the Japanese
world this is the Japan's perspective
look at these stupid Americans at the
vending machine is there anything
special about the temperature of the can
it is hold it long enough - there's that
lingering that's crazy
is it steaming I can open it but the
kale shake it first shake it shake it
first cuz it might you might have to mix
up the creamer and stuff oh fudge ago
that was that hot damn well I think it's
hotter just because my hands are cold
did you get the same thing as me yes can
I get one more creamy latte because you
thought we gotta share huh I could get a
different one
you get a different wicket Ireland you
could try it
get that Bologna but you're about 50
minutes I think Howard embarrassment oh
this is good and it's warm
hey you guys heard that is for my 20
times rate what am i could get the same
thing yeah later we'll get a different
flavor was his bomb it he's really good
I'm gonna open it I'm gonna try it
that's crazy that it's warm and they
serve cold and warm drinks in the same
vending machine that's insane so so we
decided to stop by a Family Mart and
what's cool about Family Mart is I'm
really familiar with it because there's
a million of these in time one as well
and the first thing I noticed is this
thing they call it ordained type of tank
and you got radish eggs wieners I'll cut
all types of fish cakes and stuff yeah
and you can just get a bowl and fill it
all up and you get hot food immediately
this is one thing I really like about
Asia is that the convenience stores they
have hot food for you so for us if you
go to 7-eleven
besides the super healthy bacon-wrapped
hot dogs and the tacos there's not
really healthy food but there's a lot of
healthy food here and per Gina's
recommendation I got a family more Fried
Chicken
so I'm going to eat it want something
you better not fuck me over Gina
talk about time
I'm very good here's my trip the sticker
peppery post-op
like ginger a chicken hmm talent bump
mmm-mmm-mmm you fucked me over
terrific nor anyone
not me mommy ah thank you
I'm off everybody thank you for that
food recommendation up your fighting
stance right leg back body sense
left leg back fighters does before
coming here I did like last minute
research on sushi just because and
that's tomato of my trip here which is I
think for everyone here everyone live
sushi here yeah we're coming to the
homeland of sushi so I wanted to kind of
research what futures all about like
history stuff yeah and then realized
that nigiri sushi which is pretty much
the what we know as sushi in the States
which is a fish on the rice yes fish on
rice is only one type of sushi and
there's another kind called oohs
Ossetian 15 which is uh it's imagined
spam musubi so it's compressed so oszi
sushi sushi means like boxed sushi or
compressed sushi yeah imagine like spam
musubi spam it's fish and they have all
different kinds of that and they're wrap
it in a seaweed - and then wrapping
seaweed as well and is it as big as a
spam musubi what's like a I could say
cool thing is you might be making like
an entire sheet of it like a sheet of
compressed of a rice and fish yeah and
they just cut it up and they serve it
like pie like or like a cake although
it's almost like ah like probably ham
roll a compressed hand roll yeah I mean
but there's like different variations
though so so I'm wondering I wanted to
try now I wanted to see that presented
in front of me and then try like see it
made or one of you yeah yeah it would
probably taste relative of his name is
the same ingredients but yeah yeah just
we just never had that in the state so I
wanted to try that and there's another
kind called nari sushi or nari sushi
yeah and that is a and a na re yeah
alright it's in the spelling the
pronunciation I don't know yeah I just
read it that this type of species also
this is like no G sushi so this is
before they created like the raw fish
concept so everything's pickled right
everything's tickled yeah I remember
reading about that long time ago - yeah
I want to try some of that - like the og
sushi that you can't get in the states
either cuz og sushi is supposed to be
more like um since back then they didn't
have refrigeration uh-huh like with
fishermen they need to like preserve
their fish yeah and they gotta be able
to eat it later so like pickled fish and
they would just take that to go on the
last way longer yeah yeah
that I want to get that a try okay we'll
see
I feel like nigiri sushi is probably the
most common yeah so even like those like
here I feel like you're probably not
it's not going to be like a oh there it
is this Friday Dec is even on jiro
Dreams of Sushi it's like nearly nigga
yeah yeah so we walked by a cemetery so
we must be very respectful but this is
uh I was just looking at all the
tombstones and architecture in this
Japanese cemetery and it's beautiful we
gotta be I remember to be very
respectful in here because these are
people's ancestors and deceased loved
ones but I love the way uh the
tombstones are and I don't even know
what the proper way to call them but
it's beautiful in here
look at that oh no just little monster
it is huh it doesn't seem scary like a
Chinese cemetery or an American Cemetery
cuz it's in the American set of movies
just as a movies but they it's like in
the floor but here it's like they're
above the ground I don't know I mean it
just looks like it's above the ground so
it looks a grand Chinese Cemetery seem
like there's like vampires are gonna pop
out any second I eat you yes like that
Gina knows what's up she is a vampire
it's really cool to see the similarities
between all the Asian countries
so like I said before Taiwan is like a
dirtier Japan which to hit are the trash
on the floor Japan is super clean but
Korea is like a American full-sized
version of Japan so I think because
Korea was a newly-built country I don't
know 50 years old yet all the
infrastructure is built with modern
measurements so the ceilings are taller
the streets are wider and you could
actually fit American sized cars on the
roads the cars that are here in Japan
they're all so small there are smaller
versions and for example you can see s
500 and more than likely you'll see like
s 350 here
but it's still cool to see all the
similarities between everything
oh yeah there's all these bicycles that
try to run me over but I think I'm
walking in the bike lane so I'm being a
asshole American and with Taiwan though
Taiwan was actually once a Japan
occupied territory and Japan help build
the infrastructure the building or my
protection infrastructure but finally
one which is probably why the building
in the city is so similar to the way
Japan it's just really cool to see all
the similarities between the Asian
countries but I was asking Kasey and he
was on me Hongkong feels way different
all no more it's way louder and dirtier
Bobby doesn't care for these people but
also because it's a British occupied
territory so more of the buildings look
more Western
because it's really cool to see garage
door I think it's a street wear store
it's not open but it looks dope though
it's not you ordering here and you go
inside
okay so we came across here so we're at
puts the top cover and then we found
this this is how you order you find the
ramen that you want and you put in the
money and then once they get the order
then you go inside to eat isn't that
convenient that's really smart cause in
that way you eliminate human error
although there could be like robotic or
machine error but it cuts that part out
and then it just makes it really
efficient you get you're not gonna be
able to make custom orders like oh hold
the green onions whatever but it makes
things way more efficient because there
now you put the money in pull the person
in the back will be making at least one
getting the sights and sounds of tokyo
shibuya i think we're actually just a
few blocks away from the main
intersection but it's really cool to see
how jam-packed or not jam-packed but how
efficient they are with their space here
marvin you break here any are you having
fun yeah i like to i just want to keep
on moving
i like taking all of this in and i just
get in the zone and i'm just like
walking so I'm like
boo-boo and I forget that others pulling
here so rude look at the little walkway
poor oh yeah Oh mother one let's go how
they pull the cars on that's cool people
stabilize here they pull the cards out
of a parking lot hey they pull the park
the cars out of a parking lot and they
spin the car around and they're just
ready to go
that is so efficient you see all those
cars in the back in that cool that is
really cool that's so cool and now he's
gonna just drive away
that is awesome so we ran into our good
friend someone that were very familiar
with Yoshinoya and look at the quality
damn look at that oh my goodness that
looks delicious I do want to eat here
does even have the tofu in there
are we gonna do here I don't know I want
babe where we go are we going to eat
here no no are we going to eat here I'm
in the middle of the crowd now and you
can see all them people walking around
it's pretty cool I probably look like an
idiot
like spinning around in a circle walk
going through this intersection but it
uh I just want you guys to get a feel of
what it's like it's not that kids they
don't much telling us it feels like
you're not dizzy
okay so now I am at the world-famous
Shibuya intersection where everyone
crosses before and after work and it's
crazy to see the entire intersection
fill up so it's not completely confident
because it's not rush-hour traffic but
you guys can get a sense of what it
would be like if this was I like five or
seven again
not crazy everyone everyone got a lived
her life and go where they gotta go it's
like organized chaos I mean it's not
even chaos but it's just so organized
people just know what they're doing they
like porn their minds and they just stay
there it's awesome I wonder where
they're all going going to work on a
school going everywhere story what's the
story
what's the significance of this puppy
statue
the August haughtiness white sheep and
pretty much we would walk with his owner
every day to organization and in way in
the station owner ones work came back
but in one day's owner never came back
as the one who passed away Oh every day
after after like years he was still come
back to station wait for people at a
station like bulldog and it sent a dog
every day
pretty much decided the station yeah I'm
just waiting for his honor yeah down
what a loyal guy what a loyal guy
cute puppy or at this train station and
apparently in Japan a lot of the best
food is in the train station just
because it's so populated and there's a
lot of competition in order to stay
alive you have to be bombed and we're in
front of the sushi place and it's not
even open yet and there's already this
crazy line and crowd so we're trying to
figure out if we want to eat here or not
it seems like there's going to be a wait
but it also looks so good because this
is the sets that they have and this is
one of them there's like Toro and
raw shrimp Mooney big-ass eel there's
all kinds of yummy stuff here so we're
gonna try to figure that out but if the
weight is long I might even just go eat
somewhere else and then meet back up
with everyone else but I'm frickin
starving we're getting served we're
getting so finally gets a common side
right right in the front look at all the
young fish and fish master get all the
fish does here there's all kinda Toro
which is the extra fatty tuna I rarely
see amberjack although I do stand
America sea bream I do see that every
now
Galip there is a stripe Jack no mark
she'll know you need even have multiple
different shrimps snow crab we never get
actual crab with get imitation crab look
at all these different they sure this is
awesome
is that ma / ha
we don't know just eat it on yeah it's
just egg with mushroom on a profit and
green onion I believe and your what I
can take I think it is standing here
right you're going and does this crab
paste solid thing then look like goo but
I bet it tastes good so Casey is a brave
man
and he ordered cod sperm boiled Cod
sperm imma try some I still a sure that
is fried which side has a lemon on it
aside
be brave and trend into that live inside
dip it in the sauce yeah this awesome
ponzu
oh wow mom right it's like hot green
actually repository had one flavor it's
less flavor decoding but it's hella good
and I'm not even trying to make a pun
but it tastes like again what it tastes
like more just like someone just busted
a fat load now you know what I feel
delicious buzz I should I should start
doing it I haven't been doing it but
I'll start moly then look at this
baloney oh my god
seared tuna crab when are you ever gonna
real raw crab I got three shrimp boonie
i got more Cod sperm twirl
I got insane amounts of dope fresh
looking fish this looks delicious
what did you get my bear um I think I
got the same thing you guys know it's
different but I think small or No thank
you no cuz this is it's scallop tuna
yellowtail Toro Toro tuna
what's that that's just no no I've never
seen that before my god what isn't it
click a pineapple oh yeah everything
you're not gonna okay I'm not trying to
eat as much as possible
wait didn't I order that which one
anything I should try wait I ordered
that Twiggy switch you got a switch
that's not what are the biggest thing on
the menu
yeah awesome so I got even more stuff I
got into more weird stuff awesome
look at this big eyes heel boy
what Xabi maybe hey alright so I got
that my copper plate me it's either
switched and I think this one has
abalone Toro
I think sea bream more Toro
Unni anchovies wall shrimp crab fresh
crab at that some crazy looking beyond
don't know what the heck that is giant
piece of eel and then there's little
squiggly squiggles looks like sea
anenome but I don't know what the heck
that is
I me all of this and a hand roll
oh my god hi
look at that mission
thank you
get up with everyone finally Elsevier
neck off the sub David Lee the gear
difference we are reunited
I think what the heck is going on what
in the world
we got to go on the subway for the first
time what do I do put this in here
alright put it in there take it out
right there and we keep going keep going
and then what do we do go down the
escalator go up the stairs hold on
Brandon always up there we're going to
Shinjuku crazy that these little kids
just take the trains by themselves and
they go to school so responsible so many
responsibilities that they get to take
care of I was like probably like six or
seven I was an idiot couldn't walk home
from school and it was just regular
streets you know those little kids are
able to take the subway and get home and
from a cute little uniforms and here
comes the train
as everybody ready to get on the train
Oh time to get on the train yeah get in
the train
watch the gun then we got to get packed
in here we gotta get nice and packed so
it can save room for everyone get nice
and tight so he can hurry over you in
Japan I'm gonna get on the train so it's
important for us to pack it nice and
tight if you watch some of the that's
what he said they could do it without
any I feel good you do we have we got
Magnus you have part behind you that's
why you know it's really hard it's
really hard to get balanced without
holding on I'll try to move or I might
ride my try okay witnessed info right
now efficiently she still skill all
right so geo thinks she can ride the
train without holding at 27 else oh yeah
right have to be white on a Japanese
train listener they were obnoxiously
bebop
I know acting like mainlanders in
America right now we gotta be cultured
babe if it's true do the same thing
everyone started at the same game
there is a
it's just crazy it's the Jenga building
it looks like it's made out of little
Jenga blocks windows look like it just
like stroking all of them thought like
oh I don't work like a shuffled huh and
there's like this baller-ass building
right here it looks really nice I'm just
judging by the outside the inside color
could be busted but who knew so we were
looking and walking for this shoe store
that's supposed to have all kinds of
heat but uh all kinds of heat I like
that but we got lost and we ended up in
this children's school district when I
see nothing but kids and elementary
schools and right when we needed it taxi
this guy rolls up to come and save the
day
this is awesome
what's amazing is that this is an old
car you can tell us apart like early 90s
or even late 80s but the condition that
cars in is ridiculous make it out this
is like perfect mint condition but you
can even tell by the buttons and the
lever shape like how old this car is you
can buy like the handles button the
condition as cars in is ridiculously
good it did a really good job
maintaining this car it's amazing thing
to be careful
oh there this is wrong
was right the light side and
here we gonna write okay goes in the
same place alright yeah thank you
I think so we walked into a guitar store
to ask for directions and no Japanese
that we know and I think he told us
exactly the same circles and walking it
every day right okay let's try this
well he said right but I think we'd be
put into his ellipse so we're trying to
find a shoe store and we keep getting
lost but the bright side of it is that
we keep getting a really cool view of
the city yeah but the promise we also
gotta meet back in about 30 minutes so
hopefully we get to at least see it
maybe see this shoe store for maybe for
5-10 minutes just like to see what kind
of shoes he got here and then I will see
if I find it so we weren't able to find
the shoe store that we wanted but at
least were able to stumble across this
little gym in the middle of nowhere and
they have a ton of shoes so at least we
get the shop around and look for shoes
but we only got about like 10 minutes we
gotta meet up you want to get those ones
what about the other ones you show me
like no don't you show me better Oh
ready
look
what up J I like those brown ones yeah
those are pretty fresh
I like okay that's good my wedding right
now to play in your song my pen I'm
asking for duck boots and all the green
is size 10 because I have that new lunar
piping on the inside so it's actually
airforce shell high-top but there's no
no glad on the inside so it's really
soft it's supposed to be really light
and I felt that model in a super light
so I want to try them on so I ended up
coming out with some shoes and it's not
in this bag it's on my feet I got the
dead boots the lunar Force Ones
BAM
it's the olive green with the black all
the way in the gums oh boy
my cushion
these are hella comfortable
they have the new lunar glide cushions
and it's hella light it's really just an
excuse for me to buy the shoes I think
it looks cool but it's excuse for me to
wear right now we have this big CUNY is
doing mob is gonna copy Pakistan and
where her shoes while she's walking
around too you big CUNY you gotta take
the stuffing out of your shoes I like
the ones you bought the pretty tight
what's the verdict
the masses
look at this big shinny mob better with
the new shoes
a big little pair feet how do you like
them the what but you wanted to be like
hardback fun together and I'll find me a
soap box without his shouted
as milk so yellow skies slurping this
fuckin life away there
