come on good boy I'll bet Oh get me on
the freakin toilet because it's so
freakin cute you learn into turtle on
the toilet are you pushing it out there
okay oh shit no friends no love you too
much for privacy love your mother
Oh excited yeah where we going
sigue as weird no I never been in Japan
before have you no not even close
I heard Japan is the city of cities hell
yeah like it's New York and Vegas with
all the neon lights put together and
then you put it on some freakin crack
wow I can't wait I just don't want to be
jet like why would you be jet-lagged
I don't know I'm gonna follow the plane
schedule that's what a lot of people
doubt us I came alone my eyes it that
just woke up but there's a plane
scheduled a lot of people don't want it
because they're like so excited to be
watching for you easy to stay up the
whole time and I think it's also just
because it's such an eclectic position
to be sleeping in yeah but in a plane
when the lights are on that means it's
daytime yeah but then they'll turn off
the lights telling you like hey it's
time to go to sleep let's get our bodies
adjusted we know it sucked
what is that they never tell you that
you know how they tell you all the
safety stuff yeah if they never tell you
like hey this is what we're gonna do
this as a purpose of these things to
make sure to follow it just so they can
help you adjust your schedule
let's truly should tell you huh yeah oh
all this knowledge while sitting
like it's your butt but hey side but
it's not bug pack come on
get it girl get a little privacy up in
this bitch bitch and I always do my very
huge favor by driving and then she takes
this time instead of getting ready at
home like a responsible person to whom
she gets ready and the car show his
banks on it too so instead of waking up
like 10 minutes earlier to get her
makeup done
she's like Oh Papa bear's gonna take big
care of me and good Drive so I could put
on the makeup and use that time true
this is what verse dude they take the
bear mobile and they just drive they
take care of family I'm trying to stick
to a role how come I can't take
advantage of this special of course you
do
you could drive and I can answer a bunch
of emails while you're driving uh-huh
but Papa birth takes super big care of
you
whoa not really you're driving a
vlogging baby you need to keep your eyes
I don't driving I have a professional
thing right here okay what are you
looking for that right there
why what you needed yeah yeah possession
cover up those dark a sir I know yeah
don't look like a man anymore
oh yeah Alabama Brooke I'm just flirting
with you guy handsy Wow please everyone
to hear luggage luggage Olivia used
luggage luggage
yes
all fire
my singing
Merry Christmas
break
everybody is to here time Gio's logging
time hi
ah do you care about me see yes I just
don't want to clean the mess no you care
about me
let's pretend like you don't Michael you
are now battery's low what Oh what
battery uh can we get my stuff
I have grown-up talk oh you have
grown-up talk do we get out of here this
is grow enough time yeah yeah you got
away like 11 years or something
oh yeah the homie bleah
the homie dumb guy
what the hell Misha hello man I know I
think we pick on him
Dewey it's cause I'm dumb guy do you
pick on me or not
yeah those are we missing one more
person Hank go to the fun
no we have like nine nine Oh bless why
you came here late it's cuz my phone was
on silent
so I read I didn't realize that until I
heard a banging on my upstairs door and
I freaked out because nobody ever comes
upstairs and started banging on the door
oh yeah cause ever a private entrance
exactly oh you go the other thing I woke
up I'm like what the hell grab my stuff
almost fell down the stairs that's
pretty crazy
but look we're on time cuz TIFF is smart
enough to let it go she's out here right
no I don't know some guy said she was
here nails like cuz TIFF is such an
amazing human and I called my mom this
morning - uh let her NAS going to Japan
it's just like oh she's all happy cuz I
go to Japan that's good it's for the
company was like yeah and she goes oh
you gotta have a lot of fun and then uh
then it was quiet I think she remembered
something she's like she's like did you
know and I was like what she does
there's people pretending to be you
and I was like what do you mean and then
she was like I was watching your video
and on the side I saw someone with his
legs open and I was like that looks like
Bart's legs so I clicked it and then I
how's it all happened and it's just like
first it was a gym so I thought it was a
workout video and then two people
started making love I was like what and
I was like is this like a this is
barbell or is this like this any gym she
goes any gym and then just like and then
they were done and then the guy's face
was blue and he was panting what the
fuck and she said she was horrified
right she was like there's no way my son
would make this so I click it again so
he clicked it one more time oh did you
uh-huh that just shows does she watch
the whole started twice the amount is so
crazy dude my mom by the way likes both
barbecue and Dylan everybody a lot
really talking about this dumb bitch me
yeah why only may your mom for like a
good probably 10 minutes of it send you
exactly where dump it what's up yeah
okay oh she's so pretty
Paul what she said Paul oh no children
your mom seems a lot more sane than my
mom she does I love your mom too bad I
mean I love your mom when she saw you
know amen did you hear that conversation
no so when she saw Amen right she looks
at her she was amen was that Amen is a
black of alright and so my dad looks at
her she was you look really familiar and
then my mom's like oh my customer yeah
you my customer hello mark please all
right that's not bad
I know your dad has a sense of humor
though that's pretty much they weren't
when we're in the line to give to serve
ourselves food I was just talking to
myself
Aldo ah but what I say create speaking
Korean I know but happy chicken sauce on
my dollars I looked at this amount of
pocket turkey and then your dad was
smiling laughing yeah only one cracking
off cuz I was just talking to my son
ah Chuckie looks good very creepy but in
the Creator but in the crane accent the
motherfucker turkeys so delicious it
doesn't look like it
Oh began today because she left a day
early because I couldn't like stand
through my dad the deal was then they
could bring the palms over to our place
if our dad took camera he did not take
care of him and that in the morning I
hear my mom cursing up a storm in the
grove just like that fuck is it great
that everybody does I'm leaving at 10
a.m.
because your dad's pissing me off they
drove back they do a beggarly and they
have so many dogs yeah a lot I like the
little house thing that they have I
think was cool it's like a little zip up
tent with mesh or something yeah it's
like a little playpen
put the mesh on top I brought that over
for booty when I went to Sacramento and
where did you get that at in spray type
Amazon oh shoot you can get a bigger one
for like bringing in all the - what is
it called though it's called a portable
playpen I was going to say that's not
gonna hold Tyson but Tyson is not gonna
need it
the natural barrier that's your fun and
Borrego stay inside for sure
Tizen will be trying to come out every
second
don't gotta worry about that
you know you know who would reminds me
of Tyson Kobe
call me Brian yeah cuz he came at he did
he like cuz he uh he's been killing it
for like the past like ten years she
needed it clarify Kobe Bryant uh uh like
who farm might no other Chloe's so let
me just clarify know cuz you know Kobe
like he's like the beloved the beloved
Prince of LA he's been killing it for us
for a long time and he's like been
really loyal never been any other team
and so everyone loves him from LA you
know and then but now it's like so old
his bones just broken he's played entire
games by himself but the team on his
back so now it's like it's time from the
go that's how I feel about Tyson videos
like it's such a loyal dog nothing time
from the go whatever they say what can
we do to make this like an easier
process or it's trying to take care of
him we don't just say it's time to let
go let me and Kobe is straight their
phones multi-millionaire Oh a twenty
five billion heavily twenty five million
last year 25 million in a year
damn its contract with but is but he
loves the game that's the thing it's
like you can't put money on the love of
the game
you know I sell a lot of money though
it is
I love the game I love mine
how come they don't pay me 25 million
play basketball Josh :
are you pretty excited does this is the
first time you've ever going out of the
country stones this is the first time
we're going out of the country right
yeah so excited what do you think it's
gonna be like or what do you imagine
Japan to be like just a lot of girls and
schoolgirl outfits bending overalls on
yeah pretty much well what are you
looking forward to the most in Japan
quite honestly I'm looking forward to
food what's your favorite Japanese food
crazy
I like Rama Rama pussy ramen yeah no
Japanese pussy Rama dog yeah
yeah from before I'm looking forward to
the Moses just checking out like the new
spots just like the nightlife as well I
just like just like the city I like you
just started traveling this year right
yeah where do you where else did you go
I went to San Francisco but my time
there it was kind of all right because
and the people I was with really like I
like had like some disagreements on
where to go or just in general uh just
like a word ago some people were like
extra cranky yeah I mean we're trying to
get everyone to move or go places I was
kind of a hassle but then when you
travel with people you find out who they
really are
yeah I actually found that well I think
I think everybody had not because I went
to I went to Paris with one of my
friends and um at first I thought she
was I held a gown cuz like when I go to
places like I want to explore the city
on I go to museums and stuff I really
enjoy the culture of places right yeah
and then when we went there all she ever
wanted to do and that's what she said
she wanted her oh yeah I loved exploring
the city too I love you know like just
like sitting at a random mom-and-pop
cafe and and people watching and I'm
alright perfect that's how I draw up the
city yeah you know I try to get it from
a locals point of view all she ever
wanted to do is just shop and then at
nighttime I'm trying to go sleep so I
can wake up early in the morning so I
can go see more of the city all I want
to do is like go clubbing I'm my bitch
fucking trick me should have came with
you
not chills just like me she like stir
this stuff I like to do
look what the fuck they start buying I
like that it's not kindergarten Oh mom
likes me so much
yeah I think the rule is just look like
if you can't travel someone you can't be
with them yeah trying to be with jobs
trying it that pull at it go ahead
can I get that dampeners can boys get
somebody's part sprinkle that buckle
wear them so fuck with the end smell
yeah take the ankles put in the back of
the head you ever that much nice
Joshua freak
another
it's a little ladybug on a duffel bag um
was that fun it wasn't fun it better be
fun also the throw in a trash can
okay fine I love you again you're rude
well you hit on me in the trash can
don't break his backpack please
you can't trust that babe baby babe why
would you trust those little things oh
yeah we talked about REI REI we know REI
stuffs capable of oh my god you scare me
so much
cuz I just saw this thing breaking off
of him and him flying to his death
you're not even listening
get him Isaac he's gonna fall and hit
his head
oh my god I can't record this what makes
me so nervous expert this makes me so
nervous here I can't record this this
makes me do way too nervous look
so we're just to plug in early
yeah oh my
weighing our bags right now and we're
checking in as a group so we're putting
our stuff here on the thing earlier I
was asking them cuz just out of
curiosity we wanted to see how much a
business class upgrade is but at the
counter is when it's the most expensive
because we're thinking if it's not that
much and we're like fuck it at the end
of the year we got a deduct taxes
anyways but it's 2 to 3 grand
one-way one-way yeah so if we want to
upgrade to business how much cheaper
though like are you saving like five
hundred dollars decisive I think my mom
bought business class before I think was
like four grand
both ways so it's like close to double
if you buy here oh wow so we could have
afforded it probably but this is like
this is like two to three grand I think
it's like buying water at amusement park
you know by the time you get here it's a
it's the most expensive marked up and
prices ever
it just are you pretty excited this is
your first time
are you excited because it's the first
time we're leaving the country yeah one
I don't know some of us don't trust give
this sing well you don't trust people
I heard Japan's super safe but there's
just a lot of guys I like to sniff
underwear well so we're hella hungry at
the airport and of course run out of
airport food cost unplugging shit-ton
but I'm really hungry this morning
because the earlier I wake up the
hundred I get I don't know why that is
but that's just the way the body works
so I have to get extra protein of a hand
your easel with eggs potatoes bread
french toast and then Gio got some stuff
too but look at the bill this guy's
freaking it's not focusing but it's uh
we spent a hurry offices some of them
son of a horse's ass yeah all right
seventy I think all our breakfast can
you believe this can you believe we
spent $70 on breakfast what I used to
look at things and 70 bucks on your
breakfast do I know
twenty dollars here I know anything I
was just ordering with my stomach and
then they charged me what Jesus does I
only get back down shit I made a new
tribe I got it the duck tacos anyways at
the end of the year thank you pretty
good it's like bacon sausage potatoes
and cheese sit down a breakfast burrito
yeah okay oh you got Panda Express was
they yummy mm-hmm what have a question
for you what's the question
who's shooting each other cuz you're a
try now
yes I am a Chinese man nothin no um
wasn't before but I am you heard you
within a penny Express variable Chinese
food I know that she's from mom we can't
put her in any of the footage see that's
tricky for me I know I would say yes and
no things he does we do yes I was never
for Mom
okay so no because uh you're not really
gonna find things that taste like shout
out an actual Chinese restaurant but
also yes because unlike Taco Bell and
Chipotle which was started by a white
guy Panda Express actually owned by a
Chinese guy so there is some sort of I
guess authenticity there and he has an
entire empire and even has have you been
to the high-end restaurant it's just
called this is called Panda
where's that I want to go there's
there's a couple of I think it's like
it's like a gift chains so he has his
high-end and he also has this song you
so it's not but it is I mean we can't
I don't know it's kind of like when you
art when there is no Chinese food around
to be done it kind of does do the trick
a little bit but then if it's like next
to like a Hong Kong cafe then it's not
hungry
yeah questions yeah like an Express I
love I used to eat it every week in
college in my college routine
there was a Rubio's Baja Fresh and then
there's a patent Express I just
alternate those two so like let's say
you get this big movie deal and it's the
first big studio back one and it could
be a it could be like paramount
advantage or it could be it so like you
could be indie or it could be beta
whatever right this is a beat first
movie but let's say we had like three
movies under our belt to prove to a
studio even an indie studio that we've
done something good would you which type
of success would you rather have would
you rather would you rather have this
movie that has 10 million box-office
tickets sold and do you make 500,000 or
would you rather make 10 million and
have 500,000 ticket salt yeah what were
the numbers difference so it's pretty
much so the two numbers are half a
million and ten million and one is
either the amount of tickets also people
watched and then how much you make and
the other one is flipped
that's the only I'm considering here now
yeah would you rather critical look at
the claim at all or well I guess that's
subjective because things could be not
watched but also have a call falling so
I'm just I'm considering success by the
amount of ticket sold oh yeah the bigger
the better so I'm just considering money
by itself
bigger the better I guess what I'm
asking is a the amount of money you make
versus the amount of people have watched
it what's more important like that 10
million tickets but only make half a
million or would you rather sell half a
million tickets but make 10 million
how does that math work so how do you
sell 10 million or 10 thousand tickets
and make half a million versus the other
way around what helped me create this
question is actually like the Freddy W
formula so I think because he's so
genius and he understands he doesn't
have the distribution like like Michael
Bay or whatever he's able to maximize
with his half a million viewers he knows
how to figure out a way to maximize the
sales I think my answer within we're
also have to depend on every we do this
but I feel like it's an important movie
and I rather haven't reach the masses
more than getting
okay check out the other day yeah but if
it's like if I made a Michael Bay movie
and there's no sort of social social
criticism of it or likes or any sort of
a like impact impact yeah then I will go
for numbers
because I was also thinking about this
too when I was listening to this uh sure
mix yeah and I'm like damn this guy has
pretty much comes out with at least one
hit like every two to three years but
just because he comes out with that much
music doesn't mean he's the richest
musician you know so I was thinking is
it what's more important because he has
a huge cultural impact because you'll
never forget about him but what's more
important how successful you are
financially as a musician or what you
want to be broke but also have everyone
know you like your Michael Jackson I was
just glad I wasn't able to figure that
out for myself I think they had a
question if you revise the question to
whether if I would rather have a
financially successful movie versus a
critically successful movie and you're
only one or the other
yeah I would pick Krita this is a
critical success or a financial success
just because like you're saying
think you have a financially successful
film you're not you're not the filmmaker
itself is gonna be overshadowed by the
film I know it's all like I'm not
Michael Bay I think he's actually an
anomaly then he actually has a name
that's a furious yeah-hoo-hoo director
passengers or your agency you know
hooligans but like say uh Captain
America Captain America who directed
Iron Man who directed Donald Richardson
yeah yeah yeah yeah go to those movies
because of the Bartok
yeah artist yeah so as an artist myself
then I would want to be selfish in that
right and I would want us to ever either
have a crew cool playing movie and
actually have my name known and be
impactful due to my art versus making a
lot of shitload of money like I want to
go see this guy because every time he
makes a movie I really enjoy what I
watch might be some prize like oh yeah
yeah our Spike Jonze or like Marty's
like they have a very very specific
brand of filmmaking and people go see it
for them you know and then obviously
they have stars in the films to that
further attract people to go watch it
but me it's not going to be of
transformers
you know plasterers JJ Abrams another
anomaly he's able to be in those big
films be financially successful and
all-seeing has a very specific brand of
filmmaking Christopher Nolan Crispin
olya he's an anomaly yeah yeah the
greats
ever the room cut the room yeah they
debit the horse really if I seen the
Spartacus movie
no no I'm talking about like this guy
wrote there right through their app and
produced everything and he was like for
some reason had Lego cities 10 million
dollar budget but it's like the worst
movie I heard it so bad that it's
actually a really good comedy yeah like
people watching out because it's comedy
tours with it like talking about now
he's kind of like hasit except like oh
yeah I made it a dark comedy I've ever
watched this thing called like a Ricky
or something
guy thought about oh the martial arts
movie yeah are like sometimes it's nice
couch down he's still fighting yeah yeah
yeah that will be very bad there's a lot
of Hong Kong oh boy it's one of the best
it's considered one of the worst movie
noblesse what's all the best news ever
made that's like one of my favorite
movies of all time were you like good
busboy to quote that movie it's
critically acclaimed yes did ma what's
it did Mac hey oh whoa
you guys have to watch it they're like
like pop culture like you know I've ever
seen I'm not that Kanaka the samosa clan
I know Oh master shit does she get out
of your round I anti-racism if lessly
get out of your elbow it's not a racial
slur I call round I hi I grew up with
that movie though man I know I wanted to
do the splits because on on two chairs
yeah a very terrible idea oh lucky the
displacement echidna look great come on
doe I couldn't do it on two chairs
pretty sure I could picture you know
they've been trying I was eight I was
well you need to be flexible but also
have the strength to hold yourself up so
I just really hurt my client really when
you pull your boy it was levy I'm
enjoying the conversation so we got a
little free time and I see this watch
section of the airport and me and Jill
actually been wanting to buy an Erin a
gift because he's been killing it for us
for barbell brigade so we want to find
him a really nice watch because he's
pretty much like the chief operations
officer for barbell so he's like the big
big manager he's like the boss of bosses
we got Erin and then below him we have
Sarah and a few other department heads
and I've been looking around and I like
Omega Omega is pretty nice and I've
heard these other brands to you but I'm
just not too familiar with them but our
budgets like between two to three grand
for a watch and so me and geo will
probably split that Omega stuffs pretty
nice stuff I saw the new watch in James
Bond I was like The Spectre watch and
that was pretty nice these things are
about like five or six grand so it's
pretty expensive but Omega makes really
nice stuff but I think more realistic to
budget
is probably tagged because I saw a lot
of watches here see some of them are 3
grand 2 grand that one over there right
there it's a really really nice that
one's like 2 gram so that's actually
within our budget so yeah these are some
of the watches were looking at I'm gonna
keep looking around and let's pull out
these 80 free places is that a lot more
tax free so tax on something that's 2 or
3 grand can add up and not be very
expensive and me and Joe just want to
find something nice but we get the best
thing of the book to hook Aaron up
because he's been killing it for us for
Barlow brigade apparel and gym and
because of him were able to grow and so
we just want to give him a little token
in the bar appreciation but I also don't
want to buy it here I was just looking
just for prices because the last thing I
want to do is buy something that's like
2 or 3 grand and carry it the whole trip
you're risk losing it so I'm just going
to scout out prices and then I'll
compare prices with other places
asian-style of course and figure out
it's going to be the best bet oh now I
find these freakin clowns it's freaking
3 Sloot's
what are you three sloops doing your sea
bitch what I said salute I didn't say
slut fine you call me a botch do
remember this Linkin Park song no oh
just think I remember in general yeah
this is so old school right that's it
was like a memory at Pensacola
hey you know it no I just haven't heard
Linkin Park in a long time yeah I know
what happened they were so good I know
you know the one of the Lincoln Park
guys was my keynote speaker at my
graduation
yeah I was with you that was really cool
yeah he did a great job I was very
motivated after speech he started off
with the suit and as he was talking his
stripped down to a Bruins jersey we did
an 8 clap at then
I remember that I was awesome and then
it was a Mary Poppins
yeah it's you of them yeah that's one of
the persons going to a big school is
that they have good connections and have
big money to put people you know it was
supposed to be a Bill Clinton is
supposed to come down oh and the Lincoln
Park I was the last minute no I was
supposed to be James Franco but he got
busy and then so we got the Lincoln Park
guy and Mary Poppins a substituted Bill
Clinton because I there was like this
labor union strike going on a Bill
Clinton didn't agree with it so you
didn't want to show up
mama bear I would not jump too high
we're getting on the plane did you see
all the Border Patrol people no everyone
that had a necklace on like training day
stop oh there was like four people in US
and outside in civilian clothes that
they all had the US Customs badge
I need your pistol we think every second
what the heck whoa
did you guys see all the US customs like
in civilian clothes people oh they had
like the badges around their neck like
training day yeah it was crazy extra
security
I know go read a Japanese newspaper
Isaac yeah hello
61 J is my seat I felt 61 J is my seat
dunt-da-daaaaa no I was like the father
all those cars I can't see Dada
61 J Delta Delta that's a talent
hello all the ghetto motherfuckers in
the back ok live in in the ghetto and a
back of the bus there than the Gatto in
the back of the bus back at the bus 61
almost are not 57 61
living in the ghetto in the back of the
bus on the back of that bus with the
girl team 61 J
we're both on that side then the guys go
all day on this side 6061 J I'm in the
middle
can I sit aisle so I'm not stuck in the
middle no I want to be in the middle
though no I what are you talking about
I'm consistent
I don't want to be in the middle class
everyone I ruined and for everyone else
you can't have the biggest guy in the
middle
we got Josh on the plane we have you
been on plane before yeah no he hasn't
travelled outside of us you know this is
my first international flight then oh
shit the food the food sometimes pretty
good - yeah really yeah who's this oh
did you just throw it away
I think that's my old one and you just
tossed it there you know no no no you
brought it
you brought it dammit you freaking loser
- Martha does packing ever get in the
aisle get my house packed in here yeah
are you excited I'm pretty excited
what's going on it was good pass here
let's go you know yeah I'm pretty
excited that I should've been on
Singapore Airlines but then I was a kid
though I don't think everybody never all
right calm like today panting oh yeah
yeah yeah are you uh
I am excited agent he has a whole list
of hookers I was gonna hit up Michael
the hooker yuki suki suki suki mo no
what the heck Star Wars they got kids
pipes I squeeze it it's like uh as a
pillow maybe I just try to squeeze the
brain just to see if their case goods
you see what's the sweetest I wanna see
them because sometimes sometimes you
could touch something you can kind of
get a good feel of heartache yeah no
this one I just wanna because this looks
off so I trying to squeeze it you are
what is that oh yeah I suppose we got a
hundred bucks NGO and make it blended
over there you guys get window here we
model lucky man okay once I get settled
down in my airplane seat one of my first
routine things to do is just take onto
the shoes too that's how you know you're
already headed again oh damn Brandon
Alyssa I know that's how you know that's
how you know doesn't want to take off
you cuz my pxb place smell huh fine why
don't you want to every shoes huh how
you don't take off your shoes
I don't like the expanding foot
bloatedness it's so relaxing though
different color
well not that's gonna blow no matter
what even in the shoe that's gonna blow
I know but I would just prefer to just
prolong it response oh my god there's
meter and as long as you're moving
around it won't blow its blow cuz it's a
lack of circulation so if you get up if
you get up and you keep walking around
or some
feels pretty good and this seat is
actually hook the hell up there's a RCA
cable USB Ethernet cable there's also
this power socket right here actually
charge something in here and yeah I'm a
cup holder a coat hanger or headphones
and then you also have another cup
indentation I don't know why they ever
made this this shit never works and then
they have a mirror oh what a cocaine
peoples also light under here what where
John oh let's see
Oh for night reading oh you know what
that's for
that's all you can look in underneath
here oh no I got something stuck oh no
what the hell are you gonna do hold on
let me pull the water out
Oh happen why did it oh all right so I
think what this is for is uh instead of
bothering everyone by turning on those
lights when you need to a nice if you
just turn on this and you can look down
here yeah
I'm going to take Tetris yeah Tetris I'm
inviting my
what
Oh
what did you order I've got the chicken
that's gonna dress it but the sexy girl
who has rice and sesame seeds and it
even comes a soba above sofa and I got a
bit ginger ale ginger Ale's delicious
especially when they're flying it has a
little
refreshing taste
don't you get
Oh God so
sirloin yeah
and the helmet believe
one sake
because he says
Oh spring water but I didn't get a
beverage I saw who bought you that
big-ass water I didn't you did ah papa
bear bottle for you
this little gotta give credit where
credit's due homie won't after see look
at this oh is that real yeah that's cuz
we're not going to America so they're
not scared of violence
oh this is for your solo
I saw the dipping sauce
look at this nigga David he saw passed
out he's making out with the chair
how crazy
did you sleep battle
- period
to
did not jump pretty good
I think like 14 hours left
I know I didn't get a business on the
way back it's kind of I think so I'm
gonna try to call in as how much it is
it's kind of small right now
yeah
I need
no worries so
to my airplane you were snoring louder
than us
all right this
I saw others come behind us
save her life you're pushing things so
she's doing stuff like this
and she sticks with mati
ham-hawks on me
do business
you're sleeping
he puts us meet my arm
Oh see
but when they asked for a sample
your story so
maybe was because I was being readjusted
so much
nice assortment of what
for those of you guys have never been on
a plane during the middle of the flight
for international flight that's like 13
to 15 hours long like ours
our stairs Oh like scar whatever well
for a long-ass fly like this the lady
the flight attendant comes around with
like this food cart and all the food is
already preheated and usually get two
choices so for today we have chicken and
rice right
right never enquired
I'm just kidding
and then they either chicken rice or
spaghetti with marinara and they have
all the drinks up top and they just keep
rolling this food card down and there's
locks on the wheels so it doesn't just
go flying down the aisle way if there's
turbulence and that's jealous but in the
frame but that's that's how they serve
the food and it's very efficient and you
get the get bread with butter you get
little fruits you get a wine and you can
ever achieve ever and spaghetti seafood
spaghetti chicken
I'll go crazy I've been here for an hour
stop I always reflect so far
good I've been wanting to sleep what I
haven't slut Sam sir I saw you knocked
out of the movie what you're talking
about like barely for 30 minutes
I haven't really slept like everyone
else for like hours okay well that's
good then that means Wendy what we meant
we're that 7 p.m. yeah it'd be perfect
for you the knockout yeah so I'm trying
really hard to stay awake so that I can
like get adjusted quickly
no check that yeah I'm trying to psyche
just explore and have fun and not be
like
we're seventeen hours ahead of La
hashtag no no jet lag boys hashtag
petaboys Ginevra Ginevra a genetic
engineer at Chino right together right
together together together together
together together together together
together we'll dig together and I'll
find me a soul box what is shouted
finally 2015 is coming to an end
we swore as humble Lords and promiscuous
ladies to the heavens above us and the
earth below us that we will make it this
year the year the hustle and hustle we
did make it we change it directions with
JK films and started making us content
to better connect with our fans
