all right just got back from the gym
coming home now let's see if I hear my
dogs bark every time I do this funny
usually barks when I get home it's a
pressure to bark this time all right
oh shit how is this what is this Midway
USA what are we waiting for
I don't know what that is I'm pretty
damn tired cause these days that's not
even my house key because these days
I've been working out and once a week I
do my dance lessons with Anthony so I
definitely am feeling it in my quads
these days I can't get into my house
so oh we got mail where you got mistress
Junger just junk mail he wants home
cousin the deme is with Bart and part is
a barbell that's where I'm coming from
all right I gotta let these guys in all
right let these girls in I actually have
a meeting to prep for so I don't have
the time to eat but I have more of my
protein shake um last time I written
this to you guys you guys weren't that
impressed uh maybe you guys don't really
drink protein in the morning um but yeah
I mean you guys are like why are you
reading you know your best you know you
don't like chemicals but look at all the
chemicals that you eat and I'm like wall
yeah if you guys listen to the video I'm
not saying I don't want to consume any
chemicals of course I would want to keep
my diet as organic as possible
unfortunately a lot of the foods that I
do however consume do contain a lot of
chemicals but what I was saying in my
previous video was that I'm trying to
minimize the amount of chemicals that I
consume so therefore when Bart told me
about organic feel I was like whoa this
is rad because like I mentioned in my
previous video even with protein when I
have the time and capabilities to do so
I try to take in as much protein from
meat as possible but like days like
today I have to take protein in a
protein shake form like this and I'm
saying that I was glad that this product
exists on the market because everything
is organic and it contains actual milk
I'm out of breath um and the macros on
its really good because what what I was
mentioning was you know it's only 6
grams of fat 26 grams of protein and 27
grams of carbs which I'm like oh yeah I
mean 26 grams of proteins are really
already really good um how I was
introduced to this like I mentioned
before it was barbegal told me about
because he came across their YouTube
channel where it was I think it was
called um like save the bros or
something like that and I thought that
that was really hilarious and I'm like
dude I like them also has a company
because they're super funny they have us
into humor and I really connected with
them and the fact again that when I
tried it and I drank it and it didn't
have that like that artificial sweetener
aftertaste I was like hell yeah this is
awesome I'm gonna stick to it and I'm
gonna keep drinking it so that's what I
was saying in my previous video and a
lot of you guys misunderstood me and I
don't know what you guys heard but stop
jumping to conclusions and just listen
to the words that are coming out of my
mouth
so yes anyway so the takeaway here is I
like organic fuel just because it's good
all macros specifically because it's 26
grams of protein it's organic it only
has like nine different ingredients
there's not all these crazy chemicals um
it doesn't have that yucky artificial
sweetener aftertaste that I freakin hate
and they have a really cool sense of
humor because like I mentioned before
Bart showed me their save the bros
YouTube video which I highly recommend
that you guys watch just because it's
super hilarious especially if you're in
the fitness community then you know it's
like all these inside jokes that you can
totally relate to and connect with and I
thought it was super funny so as a
company I'm like dude they're freaking
awesome because you know I come from JK
and I do barbell so you know mixing
comedy with Fitness is always something
that is rare to see and I actually enjoy
seeing it from other companies so when I
saw the video I was like dude they're
cool and it actually made me like them
even more and support their cause so
like I'm saying um organic field is
pretty awesome
but anyway I'm with the rest of my day
take a shower and now I'm just working
and I just took a break from work so I
am doing some shopping well not really
shopping I like to window shop but
internet style where I'm currently on
Urban Outfitters and I just like to use
it I'd like to just browse oh hold on
there you go
I like to browse and then if you can see
there I like to just add it to my bag
that's my bag has 30 items and this is
like you know course of like a month
that I'm like just looking and then I'll
put it in there and I feel some sense of
like satisfaction by just putting it in
the bag and then eventually I'll go into
the bag and then I start sorting out you
know what I really want versus what I
really don't want and then I probably
end up buying one item
see this is Clockwork Orange
does it make your eye crack she closed
it I mean pretty awesome look up
you're good I've worked with so many
guys and they're always so scared
there you go what do you think thank you
he was asking for it
the only wanted one okay look up you're
good you even cry your mom cries when I
do this to her you missed it I saw the
picture I think you can ask your mom to
do this for you for school okay I gotta
go to school like that no boy then why
did you say me
you like for me do the over of your eyes
are you sure of it yeah a bit any money
and I can't did the wing on this oh man
I did the other side oh I gotta fix the
wing I like it close
not like that not like that not like
that no it's too much closing like that
just even like that's it okay okay I
like how you're down for everything I do
what else do you want me to put on you
he wants to show everybody the show Bart
where's Barnett he doesn't want to be
pretty don't want to give you a
moustache now it's not I have a really
good thing that takes off makeup
probably you're enjoying all right over
here
you don't listen front of your face let
me see what do you want it like Oh like
that
yeah like this super like villain oh
yeah
he wants to be a villain alright let me
see you got to look at me though you got
to stand up a bit Isaac oh that's on his
way to pick him up right now oh no no
just do it mustache we'll take it off
pretty fun you got the villain looking
right I'm working on it's bill you can't
look at it
you can't move
let me see shoulder shoulder Yeah right
show the camera way to give you let me
see I think I forgive you come here
Isaac
let's try one of these on oh oh good
call
hi this is all I have let me say it
backward everyone roving eyes I'm
wardrobe
you're gonna pay attention he's leave
him alone it's self-expression tada
he asked for it
I mean it's there's nothing there
there's nothing there all right I think
I have to wash your face - I'm gonna do
you want to see you like this
yeah you do no we can't come on this way
I gotta clean your face oh there's
nothing there I have my underwear there
I don't want you to see my underwear my
underwear here here yeah it's part of
context here this is a makeup remover
press it down and liquid senate come on
press it down but not hard are just once
okay that's like taking on four mustache
right here oh oh yeah you can do that oh
the mustache removal really Isaac is it
coming on it's coming up really fast
you see
not Oh careful
all right no your eyes closed them no no
not like that not that another Texas and
I can't get it okay you know here
there's more to do that
no not here I'll do it yeah but you have
to look at me okay
whoa whoa don't shoot that I never do
anything huh
what if you do I mean it's all gonna
spill look like each larious looked like
a typical go hook up put laughs no uh
it's not about you Aaron just keep
talking it there was there was a little
hiccup originally when I first started
where the the orders were coming over to
fulfillment not in stock so it show that
they didn't actually have in stock so
they're actually having to delete the
order
oh no you didn't tell us but tell us so
when I was in Germany right I had a very
very scary experience
