fuck stinks coming laughing uh-oh
what is that oh no it smells a wheat
yeah Jill said David smells like garlic
garlic what else my god you call me
David smells good baby told me David
smelled good before what are you talking
about no he's not oh did you scratch
your butt no yeah that's enough no if
you rip her arm off she deserves it wha
rip her fucking arm off she deserves it
I know she asked always she was as girly
and defenseless on the fucking camera
well write with a show stops to boot
yeah you do
act act like yourself right now babe you
so pull your dick out fucking putting
your oh my Oh Danny I wish you would
have accidentally slipped or something
what are you talk hey Cece came out I
knew it I knew it there it is the
freaking eagle evil witch why can't it
be like Josh evil Witch of the West
are we really happy sometimes about the
film already died who would kill a bug
catchable Simula please this is a the
ultimate question for what Jay King is
yeah I'm gonna grow now I need oh you
gotta go to grill MA it's the most
delicious burgers in the world yes
can you beat four of them you probably
can I think you form him easily
are you guys down for grilling ma I need
but it's just like are you down for pela
moe
another few you know okay lately I
haven't pursued massive quantities it's
just fast off many reasons but um
usually like man it's like you have to
train your stomach to get there you know
it just keeps stretching and stretching
because the stomach is like all elastic
right so the more you train it that way
so I did it through a lot of water
consumption so like just get stretching
my stomach how much water do you drink a
day to get there how much did I when I
was competing yeah hardcore yeah like
four or five gallons oh my god you drink
like out today drink well it's like
that's fine yeah that's yeah so one of
those yeah yeah yeah yeah holy you're
pissin all the time rights kind of sucks
but it was it was like you know what
that point it's like okay this won't do
where I was doing eating contest
full-time during university to pay for
university I drink two gallons for
weight cutting and how the thing even
that was how already I know right if
you're not used to it it's fucked up but
like I was used to it sighs - because a
guy like me can't drink five gallons
health like all in one go because
there's yeah the radio station here that
did that well just do it ah if you do it
all at once if you can all yourself you
can kill your fucking you're drinking in
pain there's a lot of competitive eaters
that will let drink three gallons of
water in like four or five minutes and
throw it up oh so they're just
stretching their stomach and throwing it
up oh that sounds horrible for but I
just you feel fucking terrible chugging
water terrible like it's there's a
competitive eating like community pretty
small like you know everyone because we
have a friend named competitive eater
Yahoo Jimmy when we know at all
does he like chuck bottles of hot sauce
he's awesome I see is one of his events
spicy is one of these events I think I
know who you're talking about hold on
yeah he's a very technically geeky guy
engineer look yeah yeah I think yeah
yeah like I've seen him like I think
we're at a lecture hall
housing he like grabs like a bottle
hotels chugged in I'm like bro what the
fuck spicy yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
that's my friend Jimmy I don't know what
they do you guys doing here telling me
or creating the stockpile sheet oh cool
is it hot in here mafua
it's probably burning for you is offer
you got the a/c on out there so it felt
pretty good we're gonna go eat now you
guys don't come yeah
guess we're eating oh yeah
grill them all oh really yeah it's cuz
because it's a furious Pete yeah he's
gonna love it
he's you having meat that was the
biggest the pop bail off I mean this
won't work yeah no we were like hinting
like all you need for burgers but I
think for normal regular eater it's like
a man for a competitive eater for him
it's just like do I just I eat normal
stuff too yeah it's almost like you're
so joyful yeah yeah it's almost like
going up to a comedian like tell me a
joke come in tight dude I'm a normal
person so I was like okay I understand
he goes yeah I'm just gonna eat regular
I'm okay cool
you do not jokes right not any jokes
what's up what's your impression of Geo
when she misses me simple I miss my papa
it's so cold here in the house I miss
him so much you know what I do when he's
not around I thought this place
oh my god he's in the water
what do you think about his impression
mom bear
pretty spot-on see see you do love me
see I don't what do you mean just hit a
spot on we have together how many things
we have joint already you just said that
it was spot on I'm a good actress ever
see somebody bite their nails
like a fuckin 1950s cartoon like what
your nails tell me what you like about
girl Emma tell me what we all love about
the holy girl Emma so words are one of
my favorite things to eat anything in
between a bread is really good so great
I love hamburgers the great thing about
Rolla mall specifically if they have one
well as the big champion the great thing
about guerrilla models though they have
a brioche bun so it's super sweet super
fluffy they toast it right yeah but the
best thing about the flood is that the
burger ation for the punters boys
perfect yeah it's not too much bread
back to mush mean and they always cook
in a perfect medium there
think about the beach but I don't know
what the
the beef flavor is always on it just
always tastes on super beefy
we always get the pig champion without a
doubt that has a Canadian bacon whatever
some beef patty the brioche bun a little
bit spicy a fried egg at the edge so
would invited me and kind of greece's
over everything out there and of course
the champagne holiday yeah they always
put that egg in the front too so when
you bite it then the yolk drizzled over
the rest of the burger it's my favorite
condition
we're eating here with the rest of the
JK crew and also furious Peter this
Beyonce and we got a team and the homie
please talking about barbell program
productions being productive and then we
have Joe and Jess just getting their
food and the cool thing about this place
is everything is metal themed
like heavy metal theme my to pick
champions are here come look at that
that's that egg we're talking about the
arugula the champagne holiday sauce and
then perfectly closed patty oh yeah
mob record a samara french fries and
this is like how I like to do up my
ketchup I like to get lids and squeeze a
shit ton of fucking ketchup on it I love
ketchup and the normal saucer is not
enough picture
what did you get behemoths check it oh
holy guacamole
it's two grilled cheese sandwiches as
the buns yeah that sounds like an
amazing
what made you want to get back what made
you want to get that number one thing
I'm ready
there's the first thing on the menu okay
and what kind of fries are those I read
or more mr. nice price
I want it I want to see you take your
first bite you wanna see you take our
first bye
is it hot okay
he does go
your passion
no don't either fast enjoy it it's
delicious yeah it's delicious yeah don't
destroy
there is penis looking at all the
ingredients this is first time here and
is examining all the delicious
ingredients that goes that goes into
making a girl in my burger so we got
another camera here now
it's like paparazzi
this is out here he's a virgin
oh my god
it's the buggy myth enjoy it you're
gonna like it
Berger
now that's a fight oh shit holy
guacamole
it's like watching a dinosaur eat
is it gone damn it's like watching a
dinosaur eat another dinosaur
god damn holy shit I've never seen it
imperfect
this is amazing no this is the savagery
of the shits gone dude what the fuck
that is crazy
you
yeah
dude dude that was a fucking honor dude
okay that's awesome
that was a fucking honor that was crazy
you can still taste it yeah in those
five seconds you tasted it holy shit
that was bellyful baby bandwidth I feel
like a bitch I want to see it
I sell furious keep he ordered the
behemoth and killed it on camera but on
his camera kind of malfunction he
recorded so he ordered another one and
the voters saw how fast the monsters on
the second one they ordered they may be
the bigger they made it double the size
and now everyone wants to see furious
Pete Bucket smash this burger
are you ready to cool down for a second
otherwise I'm going to burn myself
oh it's hot yeah fresh off the grill do
you have anything why there's like 50
piece of big baby
silly California likkle freaking huge
this guy is holy
where's my fist it's like bigger than my
fist
what so they just see furious P eat the
first one yeah what goes through your
mind when you see them eat it I'm just
like do you have watches got you with so
many
to be like right there like three feet
away it's like seeing some would do
their craft yeah at work you know eating
has a lot of it what do you think is
like going through his mind set when
he's eating so he did say the first one
was kind of hot and it did burn his
mouth but he didn't really care just
gets chugging it in what other things
you think is like that what do you think
a person has to do to prepare his mind
to shove food that people enjoy but like
down is not as fast as I can
whenever burger eating challenges are JK
party it's like I'm just thinking open
your mouth as wide as possible
don't even throw and smaller following
following yeah enjoying the food at all
like he look like you guys enjoying it
what's crazy it's like for me even when
we do it eating challenge I still fight
it enough but I feel like okay my
stomach can do the rest for him even
like one bite the second bite breaks it
up in the house three swallows yes this
one was solid food
swallow how fast it like
yeah it gradually gets fuller fuller and
must be like you're hungry and then how
many yes oh my goodness
a furious Peters a big-ass dude - I'll
call her you like 6 to 240 probably oh
that's right now as well as like 260
like on two months ago but now so he's
doing fuck oh so he's a big ass dude and
that thing still looking next to him way
bigger than me
thanks for rubbing it in my face by the
way Isaac destroy it as fast as you can
yes okay is it on this time yeah is it
on yes I see the record button
he's like anything you need to stay
alive
yeah I think it needs to scarf it down
he needs like what's helping scarf it
down
I don't even know if we can call ours a
foot challenge
this puppy's hot but we're doing it
we're do it
all right here we go
we're boarding there
around the most important camera is the
human burger I recorded myself enjoy one
of these never late got recorded so
unfortunately I have to do another one
not really unfortunately but had to do
another one
The Crow back there some being the first
one and they decided to double up the
challenge
add another patty a lot more bacon let's
see how fast I can do this a little
rusty holy shit
that's insane damn
it's bigger than your whole body Isaac
damn oh my god so that was five seconds
Wow holy shit damn what is insane it's a
predator eating its prey that's what's
going on this is crazy
dan it's so insane
teamwork oh that is so crazy dude all
right one minute that was one minute so
far
almost done yeah I'm not that's gonna do
anything but that's good thanks ticket
thank you so much damn I think I what I
got and fall from the drinks already
oh my god that's insane
under two minutes under two minutes
that's insane under two minutes that was
insane
oh that was crazy
is that crazy or what
what if Isaac goes up to be a
competitive year oh it's pretty so
freakin badass no never come in knocking
hello
what do you think Lydia I'm a little bit
that's like I probably gonna fence each
one
yeah that woman
let's go do some squats all right you
are the only piece of sharing this right
I am an amazing piece of shit you know
what shit does its manure you want when
you or does more away it fertilizes the
world this is what this all of
potentially comes with my shit you're a
loser
you don't woman you're a fucking loser
most opulent I'm gonna suck in those
fortunes what do you think of our
relationship Cassie Joe and Julie I
can't do anything this bitch over here
yeah oh no it's going down for sure
I'll hit the rest that's what over your
face that's enough I can do okay right
well I wasn't recreated all the way back
into the bag in that is pretty beneath
the cup fuck want you to feel the back
of her sweaters not even completed
understand about your clothes so like
it's awesome by good thing I don't
understand about it is supposed to keep
you warm right you got a turtleneck
everything is fucking Windows gonna get
California look at this shit what the
fuck is that California so it doesn't
have to make sense anymore did you wanna
bash about maybe coldest or it's not
cold here you don't snow it's not that
chilly taking the high 60s this is
perfect it's true because they also sell
crop top sweaters just like that with
crop top yeah I don't know action no we
just don't complete a product holy look
at shit fuck your pants ripped yeah I
hope it does too
Oh
one of my favorite Christmas songs is
that one with Chris Brown this Chris
yeah the original guy is a Donny Donny
someone once the boy student one let's
know I like the one with Justin Bieber -
that was pretty dope yeah that was
pretty tight Oh dad I cannot wait what
are you doing over there
oh do it now front man how do you do
that I didn't David don't even got time
to do shit these no dude I'm fucking
Wacka
I got a when I go back home after this I
got a record three three blogs me lol
that I have to two logs damn this
Saturday how longs it take you to do a
vlog it depends so riding conception I
mean I could go up on top of it talk
bullshit but the part with that is that
you guys don't get jokes out of it you
know
yeah funny conversation but the point of
me doing that it's also to exercise my
stand-up comedy yeah I set up a lot of
my loss at stand-up comedy so you guys
get to see free stand up all the time
yeah so it takes
honestly I've saved money an allergies
right yeah I'm still pretty fast
yeah it's like a muscle memory copy yeah
the great thing about these two because
that right quick now what about whatever
I'm up on stage and I need it somebody
just Hey I need you to feel time to do
some standup I can do it quick these are
the like 1053 yeah pretty easy yeah oh
it's time yeah cuz even when we were in
Minnesota dude either preparing that
whole set I saw was tied to I don't know
I wish I never recorded it cuz I can't
remember the jokes oh yeah I liked it
thank you sir how longs it take it a
film mental takes me rough about 20 to
30 minutes and then if I'm anything
myself it'll take like another so you
could do like two vlogs a day yeah but
it's hard because like you got a rest
your creative juices a little bit yeah I
have to write it so yeah I can't do it
back to back to back my true that's true
yeah did you say we're ready to phony
ready Fanny to Fanny
oh you walk out I thought you will share
one camera man we are high-tech advanced
oh I gave her my old ah da rx mark three
Omo
red and green
oh no you didn't tell us but tell us so
when I was in Germany right I had a very
very scary experience
