good morning Aloha homies
hi baby TECA come on e y honey baby cuny
whoo
so typer is a big boy now
well he's slowly getting bigger and
bigger and it breaks my heart
but at the same time I'm very proud of
him uh your bread of YouTube good boy
this morning um but last night was the
first night he didn't sleep with the
swaddle on he's almost three months now
and um I just kept noticing that he just
kept tossing and turning at night and he
would somehow get out of his swaddle so
then I started paying attention to his
daytime sleeping patterns and he's so
relaxed right now while this is going on
next to him and and he'll just sleep
during the day like this without a
swaddle no problem at all cuz now his
arms aren't like jumping up in front of
him and scaring him so I figured let's
give it a go and he sucked a really long
time I think he's gonna start sleeping
seven hours I think right now he's going
to sleep at 9:30 and then waking up at
4:30 so that's pretty damn good
so that's 10:30 11:30 12:30 1:30 2:30
3:30 4:30
set that's like six six and a half hours
whole milk spit up he likes to play with
that milk I'm gonna spit it up we just
drank it again sicko but yesterday was
kind of a cool day only because and it's
only because um I got to go to Target I
love go to Target
I got to go to Target and initially it
doesn't have to go to three different
stores I thought I don't have to go to
Albertans I just want to buy snack foods
because I've just been noticing over the
holidays now I'm gonna be home a little
bit more which is awesome but I also
like to
get the munchies you know what I mean
and I wanna I wanna I wanna you know eat
stuff while I'm here and this is how
they have a full-on meal I just like to
snack here and there so is gonna go to
Albertsons to get snacks I was gonna go
to Target because I just needed some
makeup cuz I've noticed that with um
kind of name-brand makeup it's not as
good like I invested the money I gave it
a go
and I don't like it as much as I do
certain drug to store makeup so I bought
some my favorite dark star makeup and
then I was gonna have to go to pet
smarts to pick up their dog food but it
was so cool cuz target is the best and
I'd only did it pick up my makeup I they
have a grocery suctions I picked them
groceries there and they have a pet
section and I picked up their very
specific dog food they eat blue dog food
that one like blue buffalo or something
like that yeah and they had everything
theirs was like a one-stop shop but the
only thing I want to show you guys is
the snacks I bought oh let's take a yeah
so I bought a bunch of candy not like I
really need it I got my Mexican candy I
got some M&Ms with peanuts and that
probably the only like that and Snickers
is probably the only um chocolate I
really crave hold on mom duties can't
believe log much when I'm with Becca
what happened dude you'll owe me don't
feel low me you got this so now I just
have him kick the post and it moves for
him good boy dan has a party that's a
body that's a pot egg do you want your
little giraffe here you wanted your ass
I also got him a moose it's right there
you like your job laughs when did you
miss him
he okay
gonna give it another go I might not be
able to get to the segment guys but yeah
so I bought a bunch of candy now
it's the worst and then I bought some
butter toffee ah popcorn and then I got
my Oreo thins these are the only one
that I really like I don't like the
original flavor those are kind of geeky
I got dark chocolate almonds I got some
pretzels but the really thick big one
that's bomb and then I got out there
like throw what these chips are but I
got these and then I got these they go
really good with coffee they're like
really good and then I got some Hawaiian
bread and then what also good actually
my mom got these but they're pretty bomb
they're really bomb anything with
coconut I'm a fan of Kathy's and I love
pumpkin seeds so that was pretty bomb
what else today again oh yes it's in the
fridge
I'm such a fatty and then I got some
Tostitos cheese I did do a little bit of
healthy I got some selves it's that I
can eat it with my food I got some kumis
but this one was with um with pine nuts
I love my nuts
I love putting on so much and then I got
some cheese I don't know why it's
Mexican style but okay if you say so I
don't even notice look at that I got to
reduce that I'm awesome I had no other
year then I got three cheese's because I
really love string cheese and yeah I
think that's oh my god terms of my
cheese and I think that's quite a bit
it's quite a bit oh no I'm still hopeful
and I got some cuties well I think it's
gone I think's gonna ham oh yeah I got
you guys some bones to chew on I got
some sort of cowhide I forgot what I got
but yeah that's what she's chewing on
right now everyone got a little
something today alright so I'm leaving
now so that I can go to work and it's
always the hardest thing for me to do
because I have to leave baby taka and
absolute
I hate it but it's alright
on another note I'm wearing this right
now so black black yeah black black
black black black black everything right
and you would think that this attire
would be appropriate for right now
because it is entering fall winter time
but it's hot shit I think right now holy
crap are you kidding me dude it's 87
degrees out what kind of winter is this
or fall whatever the heck I want to
layer up I want to feel something more
than just like I know I know I'm like
being first of all problems for sure
it's first of all problems but why the
fuck not I wanted to be cold already I
don't care you know why I'm gonna wear
this sweater I don't care if I'm
sweating underneath and I got like sweat
sweaty pit rings on my shirt okay cuz in
my head it's fought and fall supposed to
be cool not 87 degrees I think it's
gonna be like it's not even the peak of
the day I think it's gonna be maybe even
90 degrees today it seems like it's
gonna be 90 degrees today I don't give a
shit I'm just gonna be sure I'm not out
in the Sun but anyway I gotta go now
alright so I'm at barbell now and it's
really dope because we're making a lot
of changes and if you want to know what
those changes are definitely go to the
barbell for game youtube channel because
I talk
Gio's corner the most recent one check
that out but one of the changes is the
way we just wear apparel we're doing
this so we bought this on this company
called Uline but I wanted to make it
less corporate looking because it looked
like it was just
it looked very corporate and just very
polished and that's just not what we do
so and that's just not the branding that
we have inside the chimp so I told the
team that I wanted it to look a little
bit more rugged a little bit more a
little bit more branded to us so I had
them spray-paint it nothing years are
looking at right now all of this stuff
I see we try that holding the temporary
why are you so modest do over tango see
how much you could get over trying to
put your elbow over it go
ha bye let me see the minute they keep
the sweater on why do I represent oh my
god are you getting busted David
another $5 I don't know I was looking
through this little screen but I have to
go right now
sorry but you look good I am going to
show you where is that display before I
got interrupted it's gonna go all right
we have Jeannie love and Ren they have
the exact same laptop but yeah Ren and
Demi were the ones that did it let this
play outside and then it's gonna go here
it looks pretty good
so I think he's just gonna get painted
did we buy paint did we buy paint she
lost her voice
I don't know so I just get home from a
hard day's of work and I see my cutie
pie potato I can't eat my potato I love
Halloween
I'm like you papa Tina hi you watching
Timmy
oh yeah I'm so happy to see you my baby
oh you're so cute okay okay you too
Jesus
so this is super cool cuz oh oh I think
tyke is trying to roll over he's trying
to do make it have it come on baby come
on baby come on this might be the first
time that he does and you guys are gonna
see it on camera but this is the first
steps to him I'm not talking to you
sorry but this might be his first steps
to rolling over which will then lead to
crawling which then will lead to
crawling and then holding something
holding on to something and then
standing up which then leads to like
grandma said getting into trouble come
on boy
come you look cute feet come you cute
come on you can do it you get that come
on
well this is already progress because
you used to hate laying on his side so
now he's in that model pose come on come
on come on you little monkey look at
that
come here come here
all right yo so yo so no so
that was so cute I could just hear Tiger
talking and talking and talking but
because I'm eating over here with my mom
all I could see was this and I just hear
I just hear Tyco a laughing and talking
and talking talking so I'm like doing
over there so then of course I snuck up
behind me this is what I saw how cute I
want to tear up that woman but I did
share with you guys some whoppers party
cuny I showed you started reading to
taiga and it's obviously he's not able
to understand or read and you could
barely make out pictures but we're just
trying to start this habit so we can
build this relationship and it's really
cool
Clifford loves shoe shoes he heard the
rampage spike are you looking ahead it's
not easy to keep Clifford he eats and
drinks a lot look at all that food oh my
goodness these are some cool pictures
wrong his house was a problem - oh my
God look at his doghouse is bigger than
the human house but he's a very good
watchdog look at that
don't you steal her piggy bank you me
thy father the skinny pattern kenny mama
mama keeps reading to him and then we
kind of like start this new habit that
will read to him a couple of times a
week and then that we would have blocked
out that time per weekday so when it is
time for him to read were too used to it
I think a lot of times it's hard to
introduce a new habit you don't create
time for it this is
a really good father mother-son bonding
times I really like it
he's bonding with himself
alright guys so my boy here he's getting
the Sleepy Eye he's looking at the
camera oh fuck oh shit no he's spitting
up well yeah on that no let me clean
this up real quick uh yeah on that note
that pretty much concludes our night
it's late night now he's not spitting up
anymore and he's getting really tired
like I said isn't at the Sleepy Eye so
I'm gonna rock his ass to sleep and
we're gonna go to sleep and we're gonna
hopefully sleep the whole night
well probably Oh take a bye baby
thank you so much for watching see you
later okay alright we gotta go we gotta
go see you later
Wow
