what did you say you got a platinum
debit card yeah they call me they're
like hey cars not gonna work in a few
days I was like what
they're like other today expired like no
you didn't use it for like 10 days so we
thought you'd lost it are they not in
lose I still have it and they're like
well it's gonna go it's gonna cancel and
since I live in the Bay they're gonna
send the card there I was like well can
you send it okay knock counselor like
you know it's already in that they
already put it into like place so it I
have to be counseled so they can you
like send me another card here and I
fought them for like maybe almost like
an hour like okay fire lady give it to
the supervisor and so it was like yeah
we could do it but the guy was like oh
no you can't do that you can't do that
that's tight what's the credit limit on
there all it's a debit card what's the
difference between platinum debit card
and regular debit card it's just to make
it fancier because usually for a credit
card if it's platinum it's a higher
limit for a debit card or credit card
probably the relationship you have with
your bank cuz usually it's like that but
then since I'm a business account that I
could pull up like I think 600 but that
still not that much oh yeah yeah I think
it's just yeah that's pretty cool
yeah but I got a new package I bought
some rifle bags and I think this is it
because I bought exactly two bags one is
for the new about a new a ar-15 and also
870 shotgun Remington and also bought a
Remington 700 which is a sniper rifle
but I'm probably gonna get a Pelican
case for that just because uh that's
gonna be my baby I want to be well
protected but the ar-15 is my tactical
weapon and I also got a range back to
put my two pistols in and then like my
ear Pro and my eye pro and all that
stuff can you hold this camera for me oh
ah it is nasty so you don't
take your nothing special for ya but
that's because I'm doing at the same
time so it counts each other out yeah
because the ball juice makes the boogers
come out faster that's not nasty no I
got my trusty knife again yeah this is
the one I cut my finger tip off with I
gotta be careful is really sharp I
thought this is that back back please
keep your hearing protection eye
protection
oh thanks supposed to keep a gun in
there I mean like a rifle so why did you
stock up on weapons oh it's just cuz I
always liked weapons ever since back in
the day but I can really afford it and
so uh I was also the military too not
too much you don't know that they don't
know what that was a former Marine so
I've had weapons training and I really
like weapons and I just couldn't really
afford it as a college student and
finally this year I couldn't afford it
before but I was just saving up for a
few other things and it's a father this
year I was able to spend some money on
my hobby so I'm really happy and I
fought a bunch so like you can take this
out and you can put like your hearing
protection or our protection this is for
your shelf after done shooting you want
to keep your shelves you can just keep
it in here
so boom pop this out very rock and roll
slide your pistols in here see what else
I got in here a bunch of good stuff do
you think now since you have more guns
you're gonna free make excuses to free
up your time to go to the range oh yeah
but what I really want to do though is I
want to do long I don't want to go to
arrange and just like so one of the
ranges I don't like going to is the
indoor range because the indoor range is
kind of like a touristy spot huh so when
you go to La Gun Club it's like college
dude it's random people just going on
and that's I mean that's fun but that's
not real shooting to me like
marksmanship is shooting like if you
were to play basketball you're just
gonna throw fucking balls you know I get
there you take your time boom when you
make the shot do it ah fuck yeah so same
thing with shooting I think what I want
to do is like maybe go camping take the
whole weekend out bring my dogs out go
to the desert find the place where
there's no one actually shoot there or
go into one of the outdoor ranges here
there's one you know this is one that's
like 30 minutes away you'd go
off-roading and shoot oh we have 200 in
30 minutes so we actually want to get
good at shooting yes after get a Tacoma
to get Mike Tacoma while off-roading we
could spend the whole day relaxing chill
them not thinking about fitness or
business or anything like that got tons
of positive which is Tallaght
taught imma bring this to JK later
actually because Joe got a bunch of guns
dude so he's getting it together
do you like guns for a long time too
well this is a pocket all the little one
this is the one where you like BAM fill
that motherfucker up you know we mean
business
keep it down right here it's like a
police bad well if you see someone
pulled this shit out of the car you know
he's ready for war so you don't even
want to fuck around
there I have brought back
what are you was he nice
come on come back I just gotta clean the
other day because uh a responsible gun
owner supposed to get your gun clean
like every time you shoot these every
two times ones it's gonna jam and I
think get it clean fly three years so it
started Jami and I got it clean so uh
let it go got my weapon boom see just
saw that there's weapons safety and then
put this guy in here and that it's my
home defence weapons in the Marine Corps
we call that brass the grass meaning
there were bullets or the rounds face
the floor that way when you're ready to
go yeah every weapon Bam Bam grass -
grass you guys learn something new every
day
BAM i hada I just bought a Glock 35 - so
keep all the stuff in here what kind of
laser the laser lights you boom
oh yeah where's laser light because it's
on its fingertip control so we come if
we see someone in the corner you don't
wanna give your position away let's
really come in boom
blind them in the face and then boom
like oh shit what the fuck the face I
think the less oh sure
is it still pretty bright I don't want
to point the gun at you but it's still
pretty bright yeah cool I think I needed
to change the batteries but so good
still good baby baby
run back one range back way to go this
weekend and then see what else it done
my life that you like shooting video
mm-hmm all your uncle's yeah yeah it's a
just the targets there they run away
pretty quick
oh yeah the targets like the ones that
usually look like American soldiers
right targets are you talking about
so me and Adam we have a really close
relationship and now we always move
around you know how like when you're
tight with someone you guys can say
racist shit to each other that's
completely cool but Outsiders listening
to it it's like if I'm really type
someone that someone like you fucking
cheap and it's like we're laughing
enough but there might be a random white
guys like hey buddy you can't say that
it's like motherfucker you don't know
our relationship so me and a Dean said
he's Afghan we always mess around about
him being a terrorist and some of the
military actual American soldier would
goof around about how uncle's kill us
and you try to fill until to stuff like
that that's as religious if we have the
tight like that this is the rifle back
BAM mm-hmm
I don't have a rifle yet it worked on
right now but BAM beem bada-boom leave
all the trash here for geo to pick up
later and that's it
where did it go I'm just kidding up to
throw away my even though when you get
married they're supposed to be your new
mom but she's lazy so we're doing she
always cleans up for you know she
doesn't really talking about
there's nothing here because I just you
saw me when you lying just like uh-huh
I'm not anyone's that I'm just saying
the truth
these are on camera no no I took the
camera and then that box will still be
here an hour later ask the puppies
puppies see you no no lay down the parts
line everyone oh this is nice hey Joe I
have something to show you my range bag
came in oh wait I think I'm gonna buy
the same one we will use this 511 oh
this is so the inside it has like all
these compartments for like your ear Pro
I Pro and then your your shells that you
want to take your home Oh
see the homie believe this for that yeah
did you get yeah you get your face it's
uh the ear protections at a rifle you
haven't picked it up yet oh why you just
I just left it there you bought it yeah
I bought it so you can take that whole
thing out as like a smaller thing yeah
you should bring your gun I bought I
brought a placeholder oh yeah airsoft
see ya if I put my magazine in there
though your real one right there see
there are like wait is this real I had
that already yeah it's a my my flash you
sorta see this yeah but this big doesn't
have rails oh so you can't put it on my
actual sagat's rails so you can put on
there there's a laser try it dude that's
tight I'm gonna get one that has a
strobe and a laser Oh sick so if I if I
fuck your button Sean comes in I'm gonna
flash his face and oh yeah stroke and
dump like oh shit and then there's that
magazines oh I can't wait we got it
we're gonna be our new office gonna be
so close to the pistol range I just kept
it in there as soon as I got I started
putting everything in there are these
your reloads yeah I got hollow points
all in my clothes I got three clips
loaded ready right by my bedside that's
what I need yeah oh this is tight dude
hey that's all these phony house even
has like a water water holder if you
want to defer getting thirsty yeah how
much was this I think was like a hundred
so it's not bad it was actually a lot
bigger than I thought it was gonna be
but it has a lot of compartments
I know we're gonna have fun homie bleah
with the fresh kicks infrared quartz
have you always had those yeah that's
fine cuz their baby squeaking yeah those
are fuckin fresh you hear discreet oh
yeah but they look like a sick though
yeah I happen to be in Hong Kong the
release date was right there was there a
line in Hong Kong no that's the thing I
was crazy is their sneaker culture like
ours were like people line up for days
no that's why they're wasting on the
front Oh
Americans are crazier they saw an
America like real fast Americans are
crazy they camp out like it's Black
Friday yeah dude I'm like I don't want
to can't buy anymore just issues that's
done a buddy campuses steel that's sick
are you looking for a range range guy I
got I got a rage back here wait these
were the Pelican cancer I still haven't
got a Pelican case yet I gotta get a
Pelican case so I was looking at it's a
range bag and a camera bag Oh sick yeah
I like this one
I was pretty nice yeah it's not as big
as yours oh you got a lot of magazines
though though does it come with anything
but like everything there that's done
yeah
it's only 40 bucks that's a good deal
yeah good deal financial have you been
Gina
is it hard to get him even really bad my
hair I'm sure is that why there's a
bunch of like little straggler hairs all
things
I'm so much baby hair I just supposed to
use hairspray and like spray it down or
something I don't what do you use it
just like spit in your hands and then
just brush my hair like right that's it
just like if I actually like try try I
want to just go buy some hairspray like
yes don't understand how bad I am it
like I kind of figured out how to do my
makeup well maybe like two years ago
yeah I still never figure it out like
this is a few most complex thing I've
ever done in my hair and it's still just
like stupid weird alien bodies in my
head you know we live in like 2015 right
I know I think people should be Linate
is some basic shit in 23 cases it going
good how's your face you know what I uh
what I was telling a Jill and TIFF the
other day was the first day where you
had it yeah I was like your swimmer at
that Indian restaurant Mahon yeah and I
was like Casey looks like a straight
fuck your bad has good the whole time
were like how does it feel this one side
is still kind of Numb it's super I mean
it's not no I can feel it like it just
won't move you could play a mob boss
that's so true he doesn't know how to
smile history mouths are all fucked up
and some like you now look at me I look
at myself in the mirror I'm like dude I
have Kanye's like half crooked smile
kind of thing that's triggers on Kanye
smiles it looks like he's smirking but
it's like it's not really yeah genuine
either yeah where do you want me to sit
babe I could just do whatever the hell
you want I mean I want oh my god I don't
even see you right have you been I mean
good
how was your vacation their European
getaway it was good like five to ten
pounds I feel fatter and then when I got
off the airplane
shit I can't breathe there's nothing
wrong with that it's it's the winter
season once you start swimming you guys
don't know Michael is like a champion
collegiate swimmer he's really good what
other countries did you visit I where's
the guy what do you think is going
Michael you tell me the truth
tell me the truth you know is good
wait South Korea and I went to Taiwan
holy shit
four countries I went to four countries
all by yourself how was it with family
in Taiwan okay so no hookers in Taiwan
no but then what the yeah but South
Korea I knew at least one of the
countries have you been - you're happy
have you had like a good week or a good
day
I've had an experience this year a lot
yeah that's really cool yeah you've been
killing it on jkg the job
you've been killing on jkp - people love
you on there even though you pretend to
be all nice everyone knows you're a dick
Yeah right
just kid Josh pretty nice that's gross
I was pretty cool I almost missed my
flight
oh I did miss my flight but it wasn't my
fault but they changed the gate on my
boarding pass without telling me it was
weird so what I found out is lesson
learned you have to I check the screens
last minute in every hour
just in case they changed the gate and
then I'll tell you cuz I don't like page
you're on intercom - but I come here
shit I'd hear anything yeah and I was
there like an hour early oh I was
waiting that terminal for stupid the
lady at the counter was so nice just
like one of those like very motherly
figures you know so I went there all day
dude they change my fucking game how can
they do that and you're like oh me I'm
so sorry happens all the time and I'm
like oh you can't get mad anymore you
know you're like fine no we're telling G
about your hooker experiences so I'll be
off pretty busy day today we just
finished filming or JK films end of the
Year video and it made me realize that
like when you live day to day you don't
really know how much you've accomplished
you know like I feel like I don't really
accomplish much and I'm always trying to
like accomplish more do more do more
stop being lazy part you know the Asian
pear Demi comes out like what the hell a
- come on man
and when I look back and when we did the
video do you actually listed all the
things that we've did and I've done a
bunch of videos I've been to Malaysia
twice I competed in a powerlifting meet
and I even coached geo and competing at
the same meet at the same time and we we
invested me Joe Michael and David we
invested into a frozen dessert
restaurant we're launching go-for-broke
I actually did a lot and I think
sometimes like when you really get down
on yourself yeah it's actually a good
idea of shits about to get greenlight
it's actually a good idea to supply the
ugliest and most unflattering angle of
me it's actually a good idea to kind of
take a step back and don't be down on
your luck and look at yourself and be
like you know what did I accomplish
because I'm sure you've accomplished a
lot you know I don't think it's the
natural tendency for humans to be lazy
although we all get caught up in that
lazy rut but I think most people they do
want to do better for themselves and
they are trying to achieve more and
sometimes the results just don't come
fast enough and that's when we get down
on ourselves but that's messed up you
know like we
because it's about the journey you
should really enjoy the journey like us
that's what I love about Polish being
and that's one of the reasons why I
choose to stay natural as well
this is fucking hard driving and also
vlogging especially when this car stick
but I'm gonna just pull over this part
really not safe but um one of the things
I really enjoy about power lifting is
that it's uh not what I talked about
Palestine but one of the reasons why I
chose to stay natural is because what I
love about piloting is the journey is
the daily grind and I don't want to have
my results come easy you know I got if
if I want to get that 1500 total and
even though I wanted it in 2015 it
didn't come it's fine I'm gonna keep
working at it maybe I'll come in 2016
maybe you won't even come in 2016 maybe
I'll come in 2017
there's goals that you want of course
everyone wants to be a millionaire by
the time they're like 10 years old but
that's not life and I think there's so
much more reward when you're able to
achieve something that you really really
worked hard at it you know and and not
just in a straight path it's not like
you just start and now you play ten
games you're undefeated but when you go
it and then you go a certain way and
then there's a dead end and you make a
left turn there's another dead end and
you make another right turn there's a
dead end and you got to be creative you
got to flip every single stone over and
you try all kinds of different stuff
that's when I feel like these are the
most rewarding and and when thiness
really feel good when you finally
accomplish something when you see people
like they win a championship and they're
crying and like they're overcome with
emotion it's because they've tried their
literal best to get what they want and
things didn't come easy and and that's
one of the reason why I want to stay
natural and also I feel like that's also
why when you are down in the dumps it's
always good to look back you know like I
don't like living in the past but I like
looking back to see the things that I've
done and those sometimes you'll inspire
yourself you know there's times are like
people tell me something and well you
know I need help with this situation
what do you think and I'll give them a
past
anecdote or story and explain to him
what I did and after telling the story
they're inspired but I'm inspired - I'm
like oh shit actually did that that's
pretty crazy you know so I think every
once in a while it's good to just take a
step back look at all the things that
you've done and I'm sure you've
accomplished a lot and pat yourself on
the back but you know I did a good job
and although I'm not where I want to be
I will get there and I have the
confidence and I'll get there but we'll
take you one day at a time and I love
every single day and I'm gonna take it
all with a smile and we can push through
because we're all in this together we're
all living life all of us regardless if
some of us have our advantages or
disadvantages we're all going through
life together and life is a bitch and so
I finished filming that I really enjoyed
that that's one of my favorite videos
this year that we film at JK and I still
got meetings left throughout the day so
I picked up some food right there real
quick one of them is a cook's tortoise
and it's a famous place in monterey park
has one of the best tour does that I've
ever eaten and for those of you guys who
don't know what tortas are tortas are
Mexican sandwiches and it's a very
specific way of making his bomb and I'm
actually excited cuz one time I took a
picture of the carne asada torta when I
was eating and I said it's in a Dean and
a Dean was like y'all what the hell is
that and I'm like I always forget to
bring them because I actually eat at
cool places when I'm doing JK stuff cuz
I'm at the office you know I'm not at
home and this time on my way back I was
like I'm gonna bring the game back a
sandwich and hopefully it likes it
what's going on over here hey Michael
hey Ron you know that's what I'm doing
here I thought you were office how did
you teleport here office I just
teleported why did you take so long Bart
I have to bring food back I didn't know
you'd be here l saw they got your food
oh it's okay next time okay
a Nadeem I got you Cook's tortas what
cooks tortas
what's up it's a sandwich remember I
sent you a picture
is that she's in it no I don't think so
what if it does just happy that hey babe
hey Tommy you little tail wag
no it's right there as soon as I came
out of the office I phoned in the order
real quick no I'm by myself yeah thank
you
hey daddy I'm over here eat this right
now I wanna see a reaction no come over
here
stop fucking around you try the lights
in here you grab me a water
no you can't grab yourself water - can
you grab three waters that'd be a big
baby I did dude you only turn on one
light yeah only turn on one light dude
that's hot as fuck in here someone turn
on the heater can't believe you guys
turn on the heater I'm gonna turn off
the heater real quick daddy are you guys
cold is that why you guys want the
heater on cuz it's hot in here it's not
normal in here you won't want to all
right all right I'm gonna turn it off
for now if you guys get colder turn back
on because this is ridiculous
you're a personal eater for anybody I
know I am I eat it describe them well
all got the same shit all of us for sure
she's on it isn't here it's just a big
guy looks like a big sandwich thing not
those cookies or something else dude
sounds like a guy shot a good dude it's
not me I'm freaking loser yeah eat this
take a bite see if you like it good god
damn her fucking princess dude
Koch's toward this there's not cheese in
it hey yep
pre bomb it's like the Mexican a subway
just fine it's way better when it's
fresh huh oh yeah yeah they got all
kinds of stuff they got catfish shrimp
pork chicken they have all kinds of
stuff there to see if we want to go
there and try other ones they even have
a even have a vegetarian one that my
mommy it was like mushrooms it was
pretty good
