attack of the Pikachu's why do you guys
have one on your head and then when I
your desk this one I got from Julianne
and he was chillin on my bed cuz he
sleeps on my bed all day and I wanted to
bring him cuz he's still comfy I know
he's sleeping yeah here's a sleeping
face but about you whoo yeah yeah I got
from this crazy in my head was oh my god
what was kind of warm what we're not
kind of cool it's kind of cool so we
decided to have a bunch of females you
did you guys call each other no we
should do it what we should do themes
for every table famila I'm down because
Pikachu themed yes simple to think give
me the medicine we in the Mexican to
bring it up come up with the themes I'm
down oh you should really hang like a
missions like damage I'm so more
American than I am Mexican
welcome be like a Chinese theme I'll
have like a we're not even Chinese
Chinese you know do you speak Chinese I
can yell at you in Chinese oh you can
yell at me in Spanish do doesn't mean
you hate a Mexican flag behind you
that's my favorite thing to do on your
Instagram just write out random words
that's my favorite shit to read you
hooker Oh people on my on my channel
we're like why are they always
exploiting Gina for thumbnails did you
see a three million views my titties
bring views get a thumbnail that shit I
do know the ask you for it anymore she
kiss it to me
I don't know from you to like I don't
know mommy's mad
my boobs can bring you great fortune I
I'll use three billion is
yeah be crazy I was like for real my
belly right see it works it works I'm
just like I'm now on all my thumbnails
gonna be my boobs I don't care if it's a
video but my fucking like cat dying or
something
my cat dead and then the bonobos got a
stomach that's a sad case all right
there your body look like yeah we're
sure
ah see there while our babies harberger
babies girls and boys everybody loves
boobs
I love boys how about another insurance
the white keys of uh all the way you
look up yet oh yeah blow on it if blow
on it but your lips around it and blow
what's it called
I don't know I just got it on how about
my age oh you look pretty
hello welcome here we go oh fuck fuck it
up
so like an area um
harmonica oh it does sound like a
harmonica
a shag dojo becomes a billionaire
hashtag it
I can't wait that's what I'm talking
about I wouldn't buy anything you would
buy a bunch of fun shit and I'd be over
at your house every day
every fucking day I have a room of fun
instruments and we could just come in
and anybody could choose any instrument
that they want it will jam
it'll be like jam session you know what
I've always wanted to do with you guys
have you guys seen those inflatable ball
soccer yeah that looks fun as shit I
wanted to do one for JK oh yeah but
they're expensive okay Thomas you're
just getting it ready um have you seen
the electric shock soccer
no what the hell we have the electric
pads or whatever like all over your body
and then there's two people that sit on
the judge's table and then a bottle
drummer girl so she would handle she
would handle my team and I would handle
our team and if they're like yes so
they're like muscles going like no
minute ah shit like they can't run
anymore that sounds awesome
what the fuck for bored so when we jam
out next time look at that face though
he's serious you should go to perform in
Hollywood boy
go one hand on that one
what happened
this civil one right so the sound
effects to his story I was uh this is
one of the reasons why you don't want to
fuck around and I made them and Margaret
tells you not to fuck around all the
time and to pay attention but this time
I was no no admit to that first ma
because I would do that but this time I
was having so much fun that I was I kept
opening the knife and closing it really
really fast but I forgot that my finger
was right here so I opened it and I
closed it really fast and then the tip
of my finger is uh no this is the so
this just game the chopped off my
wallets bleeding like a motherfucker
but it dropped off mark chopped off a
bunch of it sucks this is like the worst
month ever cuz a couple weeks ago I was
wrestling with GL mi I sprained my thumb
which is still spraying right now I
could only move like so much I know I
cut off the tip of this finger damn it
but hook me up and she you're so lucky
to fish here could happen I was like I
fuckin told you I tell you every day
okay don't care about me you don't care
about me I'm like a motherfucker you
don't care about so Tiffany if you tie
Isaac not to do something over and over
and over and over and then it happens to
him what's your first reaction my first
reaction is are you okay yeah first so
you know he's okay once I find out he's
okay what the fuck that fucking price
and you're over it right like that's
what you deserve yeah
yeah yeah that's my Isaac right there
you just fuckin hurted look at in these
two Z's look at three fingers that's his
best friend
we're a bunch of fuckin weird people
come on you just cut all my bongo drums
bloody ha ha ha I guess I gotta wipe it
with alcohol Jimmy you're supposed to
cure me who it is supposed to fuck
around it just might work
yeah there's alcohol he just bought
these two right are they used
no oh it's ok can you take care of your
finger baby yeah I was making music now
we moved on I don't know it was like a
celebration because of his shit guy Kure
here let me hook you huh yeah we gotta
take off
what happened you mutters oh hey it
wasn't but look at all tight those pants
figure it was like a diaper yeah like a
diaper but look so we're we're business
and the pleasure business and pleasure
what's happening over here so I just
discovered that Gina has a world softest
hands and I told her for the rest of
this meal we have to hold an using
holding baby I mean holding your head oh
no no I'm upon us why don't you let me H
it real quick you can have all the
content you want I just need a thumb
down and boobies Oh
Hana here you go
yes I'm using that as a phone though you
get your own
oh you have the world
I don't even a solution though that's me
how I gonna pee so look you're like a
freaking hand model you could even model
I've seen her pointing her camera be
pitch angle you guys have to feel her
hands feel it feel it good there we go
was there something in it Isaac sucked
it all out no super fans like I had full
bees yet they were pretty big be autumn
and then I went to a d1 someone field
and then they got sucked right
especially know you like to see you
gives you a handjob ordinary minions
know the topper you have yeah they are
did you feel her hands oh hi blogger
where we made a we made a video together
she made me grab the books remember we
should touch my arm I am oh thanks she's
like oh okay
thanks are you saying that Jill's hands
is like sandpaper every jejak swab her
dick skin gets ripped I know I know it's
all yours
his eyes are rolling back the whole time
why don't you wear gloves so you keep
your fingers nice and soft like Gina's
hands I can't it took them on when I
have calluses he's like fuck yeah look a
woman feels good
tiger I like some of her softness rubs
off on me because now like this part of
my hand it's pretty soft for you again
liars just saw his fuck mom hey would
you good Hey
get off the couch
hi get fun playing with me right now
oh come here pond up funny up good girl
give pretty up hey what are you doing
what are you doing get off
oh man I'm tired
hey take this rope
finally home after a long shoot for
jacob knees we're done
sorry for the shaky footage I was just
running around bitches that's all your
cats carry ah goddamnit
let's do with TV so look at that I think
you saw this look at the TV open it
alright
Lizzy you ready to check this this is
this uh this game up I'll show you guys
what all that no no it has to be this
way trust me dearie
cheston's exploding kittens no trust me
he trusts me just come on just open it
Nadine please Jannetty medieval you
gotta trust me in a team
I like the thief whatever do whatever
yes whoo I would not
Nadeem I would not you have to trust
this is the team don't hurt my feelings
don't hurt my feelings right now I swear
on what on her friendship I would never
hurt you Nadine I would never hurt you
you try scarier just right now yeah but
that's not gonna hurt you this flap is
here okay
I would never unity the team don't be a
bitch Nadine don't be a bitch open it
Nadine your pointy pointed at you please
the thieves yeah they trust me he
already saw it Nadine please trust me
raisins first yeah go ahead you're not
gonna understand what the hell it is
just open it Oh the deme trust me I'm
not gonna make it come on I would not
hurt you no don't open it now wait whit
point it that way go no it's nothing no
no no no don't even for you
ha ha ha ha kisses oh you broke it go
put it right you broke it just open it
again oh it's not doing it anymore
you broke in a team this listen meow oh
I saw this I thought we might shoot
you're such a bitch
why did it it supposed to just do it oh
you broke it the demon broke it you
caused such a big ruckus for nothing I
hope you know oh I hope you know that
you caused the big ruckus for no reason
I was scared but didn't I told you to
trust me I would never hurt you
you saw how I jumped I would never hurt
you you feel bad now because I wanted
you to open it and then see the little
cat litter and have it me out there you
go that's all I wanted you to do and you
didn't even trust me what does that say
about our friendship
ah Medivh dang the team are you serious
a wonder brick he's been crying I'm so
sad babe how do you feel about that he
doesn't even trust me I'm very hurt dee
dee
Oh
