now all your dancing you are dancing
you liar mom for your dancing sorry - do
the music
found her laughter
you bikini bikini
oh you know what that would almost late
that were all mostly that's the thing so
because we're almost late I'm constantly
moving because we have to move right
yeah you keep recording me I don't think
I'm really rude cuz as I'm getting stuff
you just follow me around the house yeah
not like this I'm trying to get sup like
why is she so rude to Bart just trying
to talk to her I'm like y'all were
always late
fine well let's go we gotta go I made
the better ready it sorta stuff I just
kidding mama made the bed my brother's
does the greatest job making the best
jimin's there's the details he tucks it
in as he joys tucks it in mama would you
go so Martha
so Marvin is a great mom bear when she
makes the bed every morning and she also
likes to dance I don't know why if I
want to sneeze all of a sudden but yeah
we're gotta gotta shoot something today
so we got a hurry up and you're laying
down I'm ready to go and I was about to
call my brains on this guy
number wear hat yeah cuz my hair's
freaking long nuts when I do it does
even do it right when I do it it like
the waiting I want to do my hair right
now because my hair is all so thick and
it's way more than I need
after I gelled it the way I want to
throughout the day it just flattens out
and smashes down so there's a look right
at the end of the day so now I'm just
like fuck Emma's wear a hat I'm getting
hair cut tomorrow so II my mom gave me
that tree stump how did this tree start
shit it's pretty freakin cool pretty
awesome when mom says uh my element is
wood or something I don't know how but
she has like these x-men friends I know
these like supernatural shit about me so
they're saying your son's element is
would know they were like what's the
most
I don't know possibly like oh yeah it
would yeah so diamonds I'm sure you're
all in it was engines
nobody ever since I was a kid my mama
telling my elements were so shows give
me what stuff so that one's uh a wood
tree stump cuz it supposed to keep me
peaceful or something like that
are you ready damn with those freaking
now guys
alright you ready mama bear gonna be
late time's it oh no Meah I was about to
call my brains out remember I'm out
there yeah how come is wintertime but
still so hot I'm still sweating all the
time you're not even
promise I mean it's fairly warm it's
really hot 70 right now oh that's stupid
California so California has like some
of the most unpredictable weather of all
time it's like it's been like 50 or like
60 at night for this whole week so even
yesterday or last night we were like
snuggling up and having a very cuny time
the so-called gotta keep each other warm
as we never survive and then we created
the blanket alliance treaty and the
blanket alliance treaty is when you
connect the blankets then the citizens
of each side are allowed to pass freely
well cuz right now there's they were
they were divided into two different
countries two blankets so it was
important for us to start the blanket
alliance tree once you connect the
blankets a little bit my blankets on her
a little bit her blankets on me then we
can go from one side to other side
freely and not have any trouble get
involved and so we created that to keep
each other warm and it was very very
warm and Keaney last night but then this
morning I wake up it's freaking hot and
I'm in a wife-beater and I'm sweating my
balls off
also because I'm dancing with Gio but
still if it's wintertime but you're not
normal either
I know I also get hot really fast but
also California let's put the blame on
California the California weather is so
unpredictable how can it be like 50s and
60s and also and go to 70s randomly
that's what I don't like cuz I'm pretty
predictable is it mean it's not like
there's like a storm one day and then a
tornado the next and then earthquakes
all earthquake is not know
yeah it's either really well right now
you can expect it to be chilly but I
just don't want to be randomly sweating
all the time we got to move to the beach
or something start a barber somewhere we
got to move somewhere where there's a
nice beach and there's a nice breeze all
the times it can cool my freakin hot ass
off and I was like this ever since I was
a kid like a lot of people are always
because I put on something man your
muscle mass you're hot all the time ever
since I was a kid I'd be like in first
grade and if I tied my shoelaces a
little bit too fast probably start
sweating feel like Jesus sweat I got
ready for school too fast and my mom
started rushing me like we're gonna be
late and I start grabbing my clothes all
fast then little beads of smoke will
start forming
nice 20 by the time I get to class on my
sweaty a little kid so I've been scared
of the heat ever since I was a baby
oh my god you did pretty slow I mean I
have this watch to play just like the
Casio yeah with an else good boy man
what a man I'm coming in for hey hey
don't do god are you I'm good good be
back here yeah I heard it was your dad's
birthday yesterday was it was the best
part about it was a Mike dad he'll do
you he's like 62 and I'm like really
after year 61 he's like nah 62 1954 so I
pulled my Calculon like 2015 - 1954 61
he goes hey yo face it's trying to be
wiser than he really is that's what are
you looking up over here oh we're just
looking at some some jury and fashion
accessories do you guys like fashion
accessories it's fun man yeah what do
you like the most
um necklaces I think I think well it's
more the idea behind it right it's that
not not everybody looks great in
everything yeah not like finding what it
is that is you look tight yeah yeah yeah
so I think that's just a fun game and
accessories do that because like that's
where you that's where you get people's
X Factor hey the effort if people are
you doing to go that far and get
accessories after apparel and then B
what kind of accessories inside just
about price range but like you know I
mean yeah the field play does that super
fun mike is like tiger's eye bracelet
with black onyx you know to me I like
Nigel I really really dope stones rocks
and I'll kind of get him so this getup
little Casio classics not even expensive
at all they brought back the Cassio's I
got the calculus one I think this ring
is hella ugly but I got it when I was on
my cross-country road trip and we need
to like a Navajo Trading Post yeah so
like this reminds me of that so that's
why I wear it so I'm with it I tried
wearing jewelry in junior high but as
soon as I got home I couldn't wait to
take everything off I was like fuck the
shit's all up on my fingers and wrists
now you're wearing what a Rolex so I'm
only a watch that I can take it's all
appropriate to the person
that's true nothing else but a Rolex
that's pretty solid
depends on how much you can keep on I
guess Joe usually wears rings right mmm
I was just showing him the one that I
got right here have you ever punched
someone with the Rings on before no that
would be an awesome dream come true
though passion that's the cut fashion
boy huh what time is it it's 10:00
thank you Oh what was called time Ted
huh huh that's interesting that's funny
Oh Oh was last week's call time okay you
lost me who's last last week's Calton
Henry what time did you okay first of
all this first of all first oh yeah
I will fucking snap your fucking neck
I miss you David
Oh open your fucking eyes hey Steve you
know I've been overlooking years
I mean eyes you have your makeup in
tears the bigger figures yet what are
they you're making me nervous Shh just
looking at you you can't block yourself
okay listen listen if you hit these look
at this look at this
I will listen listen I just want to see
something listen listen no I want to
give you LASIK cuz your eyes fucking
suck cessful still your eyes suck my
eyes a grape lorry late because fucking
dog every morning causes fucking havoc
you can't use her as an excuse me I'm
not anything
god damn it the fucking worst have
always use me shit hello better huh I'm
gonna call you actually
that's okay this is Bart yeah see fuckin
hey I told you pretty people I don't get
shit fucking disgusting
honey damn look at the artillery that
this guy carries
thank David I got a bad hit what I love
about David is he really wants to hone
his craft so he buys all the necessary
tools and he actually uses all of them
he has like crazy lenses like filters um
what is this is this so that you can
hold it better so this is a Joby
Gorillapod so they even work if any of
you guys out there I have a product and
I won't let me put myself in 6 yeah yeah
vlog yourself this is a Joby this a wide
this is a wide angle so this actually
goes from a 1020 really so it goes wider
than go from its own like a shiny but uh
a Joby Gorillapod is a pretty dope like
smaller truck you guys actually have a
few of these in your office I know why
you guys don't utilize them but they can
wrap around anything so if you guys are
doing traveling photography or
videography and you need something that
you could put on real quick
Joby Gorillapod look great so number one
they have rubber feet right so when you
land them down super sturdy let's say
you're going around and you want to you
don't have something the place in on and
you have a chair that your Adobe roller
pot which is great though
watch it falls off I don't wrap around
you guys have to get it at the sweet
spot look at his cute as hand look at
this cute has fans trying to tight
mention who looks like it looks like one
of them watch hold on fucking look on
hold on we can figure it out
fucking look we've got it out we can
figure it out jumping rope operates on
give me some so how's it supposed to
work in it definitely happens gonna
angle ah great two more two more people
but really they have a wider surface you
can do it so I use the ADI so pretty
much you're saying it's useless to just
get a normal tripod no no no no no it's
pretty good though so I used it on a
a rail so standing rail so I wanted to
take a video of me just talking to the
camera I put it on a station we edit
that part out because it was a complete
fail huh no we should keep it in because
I want people to know what's going on I
use this as a poor example so I'm just
saying it has what looks like just
impossible times but nobody is one of my
favorite favorite type of this for for
this and you're recording this whole
thing yes I have you know that it's your
favorite but it doesn't really work or
it does work well it was really well
well yeah that's more first of all I
have a picture of this man using it like
this the OG GoPro the original GoPro and
it works perfectly fine
well yes I admired I admired David
because he buys a bunch of tools and he
actually he's been he tries to sell us
on it are you in the market for looking
for an SUV so so so reason why I've been
driving Honda's pretty much since I've
been driving so Asia yeah you already
know I upgrade I remember when I
upgraded from a Civic to an accord was
fiction that is a big deal is crazy but
you never went from a court to Integra
no I didn't
I should mingle oh now I feel like with
what I do in the functionality what I
need i transport people a lot I'm
carrying the other boxes of like
reduction gear merchandise costumes
wardrobe random shit you know I'm saying
so I feel like I just moved more than a
Honda Cooper yeah I mean it really
depends like if you're getting an SUV
number one you got to think about where
you live the size of it do you really
care about gas mileage and help how fast
you want your car so like for me I'm not
a big you know I like cars but I don't
like cars that much you know what I mean
so for me it had it had to have enough
ruggedness enough space but a nut class
so that's what that Grand Cherokee has
so a lot of people don't know jeep
chrysler honda whatever they bought
mercedes so that the chassis of the the
gradually sinking is G okay yeah okay
yeah so you know that right yeah I love
the way the connector is number one it's
pretty fucking fast it hauls ass and
it's just big enough where you can hold
your shit but small before you can still
drive in LA comfortable so that's why I
like it and it looks wise it looks
fucking dope I mean for me I I got what
I needed out of it you can make it look
better you can get bigger rims you can
get this out but I don't really need it
and what I have for it right now is
already like 40 mm 42 yeah so as a
mileage it's like seventeen miles a
gallon I think eight seventeen eighteen
count average which is not bad for its
size and I like
so it's pretty quick to the sport mode
so if you need to cut people off you can
do it do driver driver because you've
got this on teeth what's the difference
it's twelve özil gallon and it has a
fire engine inside it's five and the fat
bad boys like ninety thousand though
yeah it's like that in DK and then I'll
talk about it goes like zero to 60 in
like four seconds hi yeah sometimes I
went off the table to Sunday most are
people but the zero to sixty though you
always need to go faster uh are you
leasing I bought mine so the reason why
I bought my cat number one I wanted to
give it to my parents soon so I might
even get that part of my parish next
year I'm at least in your heart when did
you get that Lester I am so sort of in
the year just I've had it but I like
SUVs so even if I didn't get it to my
parents I would always want to keep an
SUV so there's no point in me going
through the whole transaction of getting
another call here's the next question if
you give that to your parents what car
was you get next that would be another
CD which one I want something about the
either of the Porsche Macan oh I won't
say that what's CEO sick I'm fucking
genius shit like I can't afford it but I
just don't find a purpose in yeah but if
I could make it I can write off the
whole thing so it's honest and wise you
put both on the cheap side and also the
pleasure son what's the best way to our
ability to write
please easy you just look around the
house
I'm take a Twitter like the matter which
I write up how much function pain need
utilize out if it's our bodies to Isis
you're an entertainment the matter well
your tax kasha came almost telling him
that for us it's a lot different because
he specifically dance it's kind of like
music - oh yeah I'm ready I have a
production so like I could use it for
shoots I can use it for loading
equipment loading people around I mean
it's it's an event when you're famous
okay you could do that to it you guys
can I please just whip it yeah cuz it
makes more sense that you have a SUV in
you're using bad that's right there you
go Joe
hold on Jack check it off why won't you
dance y'all keep my beer won't your
dance babe you're the one taking the
lessons why maybe it like it yeah but
why won't you dance if you're the ones
taking lessons ready tell them give you
the more - it just jack it off those
chips ready it says ray to battle
someone I'm sorry
they add to this music ready the feeling
seems dead
I wanna skate escape in you're the one
sitting down I want to show off my shoes
don't show them off then just do it
just do your skills like imaginary
basketball
I like what you're doing so I think the
metal using I will save yeah okay so you
can't just do it my words in Instagram
you have to do it and show with a video
yeah I'll help you with the feet that's
the whole point
I like I like the message in the
positivity behind it and it's amazing do
you feel the music
the right way music is just a long break
down is super long my job belongs
breaking on earth there yeah it was like
Gretchen sweat in anything oh yeah just
massaging turf no you wasn't like
friends why are you trying to take David
he was just massaging you I guess a
fight like who cares if it's red it's
not like y'all hurt or anything
red doesn't mean anything girls always
go like oh you have to bruise is like
it's just a bruise we talking about
oh oh oh me in the freaking in articles
Oh obviously you guys fight again no you
hurt my boob what are you gonna doing a
play freaking bongo drums and be a
Amazonian woman what is that when you
get that perfect snap you took a selfie
oh cool commit friends to the can't even
see
or heal or maybe it was a GoPro and like
he hit it and then they screen cap made
a dog and it glad to be cooking it
together not running away it's so it's a
tradition if you could have any animal
as a pet would it be any any animal
piece out every four baby lion oh I like
making I do I like Tigers to buy homie
ditcher cielos ticket
Anthony second place in LLC that's his
new company almost a winner yeah LLC hi
MA Becky this me what are we looking
that's over here our wedding
fine Oh so um me and Geo we spent some
money on a wedding obviously and because
it was a so busy and it was so hectic we
didn't really have a chance to really
split the wedding expenses and we
decided to go 50-50 on it no one is
helping us our parents aren't helping
this is me and Geo so we want to do
things as fair as possible because we
both went into this wedding
consensually and everything
me and Jill do for our relationship we
do 50/50 we feel like it's the fairest
way to go but a Gio fronted a lot of the
costs so we're just trying to figure out
how much I owe her because uh if you
guys watch JK news and is that's my dumb
phone going off again but if you guys
watch JK news the way me and Gio worked
the bail finances
is geo has her own bake account with her
own money she could do whatever the hell
she wants over there she's an
independent woman and then I have my
bank account that I can do whatever the
hell I want with because I'm independent
ma'am you know and then we have a joint
account that we do all of our expenses
and we cover all the stuff that runs the
family and the bed household with and
because the wedding was so crazy that
they get so many purchases in such a
short amount of time we just had a lot
of expenses on random cart so we're
trying to figure out what the hell
everything's is Angie oh the organized
one has a spreadsheet written out for
our wedding and I think so far the
number that I'm seeing is geo spent
around 13 to like 18 grand and I spent 3
grand on just the airline ticket so I
just got to pay a geo back and where are
we at right now I just want to make sure
that this is it matches so I'm just
doing formulas right now you this just
this Plus this Plus this that which
matches which is good oh cool um yeah
pretty solid because it's basically this
minus the total credits that we thought
yeah it was that so now I'm looking at
my expenses that I paid and these were
all it this is on our joint card so I'm
not going to count that I'm not going to
count I am not counting that that's the
city card we've all these expenses we
have yeah
Burger King Yama fish market oh oh yeah
I remember
so now um this is how much I spent 13
and then you spent 3 how is that what's
the fairway so if you spent 13 and I
spent 3 then total we spent what like 16
or 17 pretty much what do you mean
total
I know why doesn't this Manship know so
if you spent 13 right yeah shouldn't
these totals equal this
oh no I'm you know why it doesn't it's
not gonna equal that you have the joint
stuff in the middle maybe we just need
like two more minutes and we can go eat
well I have to talk to you before we go
eat okay yeah so yeah at 16 close to 17
it's gonna be 17
why where's the other grand does it is
14 right here yeah and where's the other
grand that's missing 17 yeah so we're
the other grand go
that one's 18 how's this 18 no you said
the grand total right here
that's 18 Oh the joint we just we just
the joint is a ground yeah okay cool so
the total of its 17 that means each of
us should have paid a 8500 so that means
I have to pay the difference of 8,500
minus the three thousand so after oh you
five thousand five hundred
okay does that make sense yep and then
once I gave you that 8,500 then your
thirteen grand also goes down to eight
thousand five hundred does that make
sense yeah so have to give you five
thousand five so we add this together
divided by 2 then deduct the differences
yes we divided by two each of us should
have paid eight thousand five hundred
but since I only paid three thousand I
use 1,500 it'll be like this so this
Plus this equals that which is seventeen
yep and then we do the divided by two
that I don't know how to divide here
with the formula it's just equal sum
still you just put the division sign I
did that but watch my equal sum or maybe
it was parentheses put that cell wall
hold on I thought it was a lot of I - oh
you did do it
wait never mind interested it yeah so
then we take it eight five miles
morningstar's - hold on hold on yeah I
think you got it I gotta go meet with
job okay because we can wrap up and get
the hell out of here been all day okay
shabu-shabu time
and I got yakitori yeah yeah yeah picked
alright this is a beef tongue and this
is pork belly facial Oh special hard
suit
oh that day but you love that clam
shells okay and your fucking hello I
like coming the Shinsengumi no
accommodations of unique because our
yakitori is hell it's one of my favorite
actually it tastes just like the
cardboard grill and - I wish I was like
the best ball towards gay shabu shabu
nothing's in here yet man I gotta put
the vegetable in the mirror and then you
got the yakitori you can't beat that
oh yeah
the group
god I'm sorry Tiffany for a little bit
why hi keep your eyes open but don't
pretend like I'm uncle 14 we're we're
doing beautiful dude
for the money baby look these are watch
