why are we go this noise kidding me
hey we want this nice kitty clothes for
where we're going where where where why
take my shooting why you're so lucky
I know what that music means a matzo
gets a workout in I'm dumb and I miss
Bart okay bye
Bart is still out getting a comma da I
mean what am I talking about I was
sitting at the cameras I said camera but
Bart is still out purchasing his guns
and yes I said guns last text message I
received from him he said he's getting
two guns and these are guns that he
wanted since 2004 blah blah blah
he's just selling it to me what's really
cute about Bart is that when he wants
something and it's the more of a luxury
item he finds a way to make it a
necessity so um for example he's a big
fan of backpacks right and he has a ton
of backpacks so he definitely doesn't
need any more backpacks but then when he
finds one that he really likes and I
don't tell him anything because this is
his money he can spend it however he
wants to but then um whoa crazy hair but
then I feels like I needs to justify
this purchase and clear this purchase by
me um so he's like you know what this
backpack is crazy because it was made in
Japan and like it has compartments you
know that if you put like my laptop and
all my equipment and stuff that I need
to put in you and I'm like okay just get
the backpack but he just feels so
compelled and I'm sure it comes from
guilt and like his upbringing or
whatever but he just has like this guilt
of like making his purchase and I'm just
like it's all right don't worry about it
just get the freaking backpack um
recently he's been doing that with
getting a new car because our lease on
our Durango is actually gonna be up
pretty soon I believe this year or the
beginning of next year
um the lease is up so we have to start
thinking about what car we want to get
next and since the drangle is my idea
and I wanted to get an SUV then it's
only fair that this next car that we get
is all Bart's idea and his um and he is
and he's really into trucks and he wants
a the truck really bad and I'm the
complete opposite I'm not a fan of
trucks at all
he can get his truck so I already said
he can get his truck okay that's what we
decided on that's been the final answer
and I've never shown him any sign of
negativity when I say yes it's got the
truck this is your turn go for it it's
all you but again he still feels
compelled to justify this decision or
this purchase with me and he's like you
know also like when we go camping you
know we need that we need the truck or
you know when I go to Casey's house and
pick up his smoker and like then the the
reasoning ends there and I was just like
oh babe you know you only do those
things maybe once every like two years I
can't remember the last time he picked
up Casey smoker I think do we live in
this house I think we lived in this
house and it was just once and that
could have been maybe close to a year
ago and camping I cannot even remember
wait I've never even been camping this
bar I don't even know what he's talking
about
but again I get it he's just trying to
justify the purchase and he feels guilty
but Yolo you know you work hard babe
just get whatever the hell you want to
get but I find it really cute so if I
catch Bart giving me those reasonings
again or like going into that like
trying to explain it justify his
purchase to me I'm gonna I'm gonna bust
on my camera and show you guys cuz it's
fucking cute but that way this is what
I'm up to now just working working on
some jkp waiting for Brennan a shot to
get here but it's just party of one
right now no one else is here with me
the Dean went with Bart and they're
looking at guns together um I'm not a
big fan of guns one I don't understand
guns and two I'm completely afraid of
them because I don't understand them so
um I guess it's good that we're getting
guns and we're gonna shoot pretty soon
um so I can get used to it and get a
little bit more comfortable with it
because honestly you never know when you
might need a gun you know like we don't
live in the safest place ever and you do
hear stories Andre can use I hear
stories all the time and I know that the
percentage of things actually happening
to me are fairly low but you know better
safe than sorry this is how I like to
dress when I know I'm not gonna see
people look doesn't even make sense
doesn't even me
since they're like my MC Hammer pants oh
oh oh why are you so cute
oh okay there goes the stretching
paprika Meister sit sit sit sit sit sit
sit sit
Ricky used to never said thanks in the
name thanks Ana Dean this you could shit
you're so cute sorry I keep rubbing you
with my phone girl
but baby fun up Oh cute girl
come on Ricky come on these have to go
pee go outside
come on
you have to pee poopy poopy go pee go
hey Gopi you're crazy
there you go
yep we're watching fun and pretty pee
you done
you done - okay come on well it's like
geez
so finally together with you I've missed
you all day what were you up to today I
was up to buying guns huh me then did
you buy about a daniel defense ar-15
with 18-inch barrel
I got a Remington 700 sniper rifle
24-inch fluted barrel 5r which means
it's already been broken in so it's
already reached its peak accuracy out of
the box
I got Remington 870 shotgun tactical
truck with the Magpul stock and
handrails and then I got a Glock 35 it's
a 40 caliber long Glock and it shoots
really smoothly I shot my friend last
time listen he's not really my friend
estimates I shot it and it was really
smooth and I really liked it for a Glock
Glock so you feel crappy all the parts
all loose but this one felt really good
and it's gonna be my home defense weapon
of choice nice how did you feel making
these bridges
well pretty wonderful just because um
it's all like I'm a military guy I've
liked guns before the military I love
guns after the military but ends are one
of those things
like that's really expensive and
especially like if you have high quality
taste and you're you enjoy like portsmen
ship and you're not just taking an ache
aids or a random feeling is blasting
like it'd be really enjoy marksmanship
and enjoy the sports the sporting of
guns and it can get really expensive
like for example that daniel defense
ar-15 by itself with not another options
it was seventeen hundred dollars and now
you can buy a are for five hundred that
you can build it for 500 but all those
are piece of shit and my at least a
standard run use two is a colt a are for
m4 or a springfield armory and for those
with standard military issue and those
bad boys are at least like 800 to like
twelve hundred dollars depending on
which one you get thank you but um but
the end of the fence however it's a
professional grade I get like for
example let's fly Navy SEALs or I stream
I do competitive shooting so it's way
above what I'm used to do in the
military that's fine for my school and I
actually make my own you know like I'm
really happy that I was able to make
this purchase it's really ironic
actually because back in the day when I
was in the military a lot of my buddies
they they weren't focused on school they
already were working so they had more
money than me so all my buddies had like
a are S&M pours in any cage and all
these guns that I wanted but I would
just look at them
I have to go doctor has a gun the only
gun that I have the subway that my dad
bought me for a graduating high school
so he brought me that to my target high
school and then uh he knew I really
liked that and then so all the other
stuff my friends they had the money I
didn't have the money but now it's cool
because all this time later like over
five to ten years later now I'm able to
buy my own but now instead of my life is
the basic shit I buy them all fucking
best so what was your reason for buying
these guns well what did you tell me I
was well so like we live in a pretty
rough neighborhood
there's no it's like perpetrators left
and right people climb through the
window so I got to make sure I did not
beat that husband I'm married before I
was married it really matter but now
that I'm married have the responsibility
of taking my wife and and also we're
keeping some of the guns at the office
to have a gun safe that should buy this
huge one it's like a it's like a size of
a little refrigerator and you never know
what's gonna happen at the office
zombies might show up but we we have all
watched watching that before so we know
what happens so we wanna keep everyone
safe responsible business owners
responsible husband one plus one equals
two
elevates you Estella tell me what you
told the guys you gotta try this violin
this is Creek fish balls
it's a Hong Kong snack and I know you've
never tried this but you never touch it
before so it's possible tell her what
you told about the mailman also uh I
guess I would look somehow the
conversation came up at the gun place
and the guy was asking me about like
your guns and stuff and I'm just asking
him like hey like in case there's like a
naked male man that was to come in and
rape me what gun should I be using for
that situation and it would help me out
they're very helpful but then you know
like for example so thank you Pina
Colada Oh cute real fruit
she said it came with throw first oh but
it looks like it was from a can though
yeah but it's still free I don't got no
fruits
god this thing never focuses it doesn't
know it's still blurry
focus distance blurry as hell
oh my god anyway so what about it oh and
then the other thing is oh so if you
guys go online in California we got the
strictest gun laws you can't do shit to
our guns you can't have a full-on
magazine like that
you got the student√≠s gun laws ever you
live in like Texas of Florida or Nevada
you guys got fully automatic weapons you
know all kinds of weird sharing what I
really wanted since day one though is
with my members and eight-seven was to
shock them I want to put a drum barrel
so a drum broken for like a hundred
shells they put that more fuckin fuckin
town on that motherfucker get before
Army came at you you probably stay for a
while what is an army coming at you I
don't know but you have you ready yeah I
thought the story you're talking about
basically he was like I'm just telling
you this gun right this is what I want
the Trump barrel yeah of course don't
stop Trump barrels looks like we'll ask
him ask the guys there and it's
completely illegal super illegal I was
like yeah you know you guys know where I
can get some illegal stuff and then they
put hard no I don't know where to get it
from not like all right should I ask
with same question what do you get off
of work and then he goes they starts
laughing but he was like oh no I know
you know everybody knows where to get
legal stuff I'm not saying to get it I'm
just am looking for it but he literally
asked us like 10 times 10 different
times like so if I want to add like an
extra magazine
what can I do it really so that's legal
that's something close I'll see you
outside the same question all the time
were they laughing yeah you're laughing
cuz know that has arisen somewhere
laughing cuz it wanted money this bad
boy oh my god
you guys have never had this you guys
are missing out and should definitely
head up any Hong Kong cafe and get this
it goes by different names like a Hong
Kong waffle or or a Hong Kong waffle or
Hong Kong pancake so bomb this is my
dinner since I ate before these two did
this really dessert not my dinner I
already had dinner I actually had El
Pollo Loco yeah shrimp tacos it was okay
they're not really known for their
shrimp but I just didn't want anything
super fatty and then I just got a
chicken bowl a loaded chicken bowl so
it's like double the chicken how's your
pina colada it's pretty good is it
virgin of course
who's that this is called uh this one
awesome
no I'm social you'll know if you want to
know I've had it oh it grazed something
right yeah we get this cute guy look at
it look at him what is he doing about
the kids because in the world of people
yeah he does have the cutest fingers
look at that shit oh look at his little
fingers every little I mean huge buff
fingers I know they're pretty big
let me see
shut up your big smaller
I hate unity
god I'm sorry Tiffany why hi but don't
pretend like I'm 14
