what's up bill I just got back home from
the gym and I'm really happy because I
hit a new PR today PR I'm a new personal
record 315 for six barbell Brigade
represent MA fuck now I'm just kidding
yeah so uh it's been a pretty hard grind
like my lifetime goal is uh I should get
some change in the pace up in this
motherfucker it's been my lifetime goal
to hit 405 bench 405 which is uh four
over four hundred and five pounds that's
four plates on each side and I'm slowly
getting there and it is my new year's
resolution to accomplish that goal and
hopefully I can achieve it and now I
gotta go take a shower because I got a
film for just kidding party and see
y'all later
as you can see I'm really tired and I
feel like my eyes are just gonna fall
down and I am talking like I'm drunk but
I didn't drink anything my words your
slurry so uh that means I had a good
workout I feel much better
don't you guys like the feeling of after
you train really hard and you sweat your
balls off and then you take a shower
than you feel all clean break you looks
hella funny she's just staring at me let
me see if I could switch to setting so
you guys could see what the hell out of
face looks like but she looks ridiculous
hold on let me see such the city of
Amara she was just staring straight at
me just like that
while I was talking to you guys I'm like
what the hell
freaking nosy bastard all right time to
switch it back
damn how do I do this again snaps I know
how to switch this back stay with me
guys stay with me there we go back to
the original settings inside the house
and zoom back out and then bam bam done
see I'm gonna operate cameras don't
gotta be a professional editor or video
I'm gonna operate a camera anyways um so
now it's time to get dressed so Julie is
the person that tells us what to wear
chill set out a call sheet and I'll say
something like hey Jake a party animals
don't have the call time which is 12:45
so I got 20 minutes to get there and no
I'm not late I have 20 minutes
I only live three minutes away have wrap
up time which is five minutes please do
and bring the father and bring four
different outfits and please eat before
you arrive we will be playing games you
will not be eating or getting messy
please confirm that you have read answer
to everything hot chocolate thank you so
she bites that out and then to confirm
rewrite hot chocolate or whatever weird
were she always I was like we were like
fuzzy slippers I got replied fuzzy
slippers so she knows that we read her
message and she sends this out to all
the cast and crew that's involved with
JK party to confirm that we all know the
directions and now if any of us are late
or break two outfits or we get that I'm
hungry and eat yeah well guess who
thought it is is yall's but it so you
got to listen and you got to read these
motherfucking call sheets and this is a
shortened version of what you get in the
actual industry so if you work in
Hollywood you'll actually get a legit
PDF call sheet and that motherfucker
comes in the email and I'll even have
like the local hospital if an emergency
happens what time the Sun rises its Sun
sets because if it's sun sets or when
the Sun sets it changes the lighting and
then so they have to know okay well by
this time I gotta just sliding like this
or we gotta cut off the shoot completely
or if it's a nighttime shoot then we got
to know when the Sun sets completely so
that's when we meet up to shoot so
there's a lot of intricacies into
filming there's actually a huge
logistical side to filming in addition
to the creative creative eyes for JK
party Gio is the head content creator
for the JK party channel she meets with
Brandon and Sean and they brainstorm all
the content and all the fun ideas once
all of that is a completely solidified
then she brings on Julia and then Gio
and Julia make sure all the logistics
play out correctly and so as you can see
the system is awesome because me and
Joan the rest of the cast we get to
chill we don't really have to use brain
power in terms of setting up all the JK
party stuff we're just a cast we just
got to bring the funny
bring the hilarity and bring the
entertainment and Gio is pretty much the
mastermind behind JK party so now
reading that I got to figure out four
outfits we will not be getting messy so
I can wear clothes that a little bit
nicer and I can wear clothes that I
won't be scared of sweating or actually
I can wear clothes that uh
I won't have to worry about sweating it
because it's not crazy if it is crazy
like if you guys watch that um I forgot
what I was like how many shirts like to
put on or whatever it down was crazy I
don't sweating balls though they always
let us know so then that would become
prepared okay I'm not gonna wear these
shoes that I like it didn't get messy
we'd have a food fight or I'm not gonna
wear the shirt that I'm walking on my
sweat right through it so today it's
pretty chill what should I wear what
should I wear
let's go to the closet let's go to the
trusty closet I always wear the same
shit anyways though I always got a bunch
of barbell Brigade tees and some Heather
stuff let's let's pull out this this
material it was pretty good let's pull
out these two shirts I only I've worn
these two shirts in a long time kind of
like this color and then let's pull out
a let's see I haven't won this and I
haven't won this in a long time
you guys want no secret so uh I'm a lazy
bum and when you're a lazy bum you kind
of cheat a little bit so when you cheat
you don't wear or you don't bring four
full outfits you bring four half outfits
and just keep the bottoms the same so
the bottoms
I'm just gotta find a pair of shorts
that matches all four those colors and
but they're being about to boom you can
never go wrong with brown or khaki color
Bama get always look good with all those
colors done BZ nice got to do my hair
and now we have another dog watching me
what those little freaking clowns funny
she got all shy now she's leaving but
yeah so now I just got to do my hair and
get ready to go probably got down to ten
minutes now five minutes to do my hair
five minutes to drive still be there
five minutes early got to the office and
as you can see I went with the no
jealous throw hat on save time
and I got McDonald's baby let's do come
shenanigans there up to in here
Christmas Merry Christmas that's the
part they're doing us go take it away
what do we have going on today hey we're
shooting a Christmas special for JK
party but because we'll be in Japan's we
won't have time to shoot a Christmas
special for you guys so we decided to
have Christmas in November I actually
haven't ate an artisan grilled chicken
sandwich in a long time just cuz uh
since I'm on a bulk I'm like no I'm
gonna eat this fuck it healthy shit I'm
gonna fish fillets motherfucker and make
doubles and chicken nuggets but uh kind
of got sick all those things and you
know I want to eat like heavy greasy
like really really fatty foods you can't
eat so much and since I was in a rush
the guys still had to go to McDonald's
but I was like I'm gonna take a little
break so I'm gonna eat my artisan
grilled chicken salad fine
you wanna see my 315 4-6 bench all right
I wasn't gonna show you guys yet but
since you guys want to see it boom let's
show you guys
mm-hmm what's on but baby I let's watch
this together
pasture up spotting me being a real
homie
and honestly I was going between four
and six I was telling Charles I yelled I
only know how I feel today because once
again I got the stupid-ass finger and a
stupid dumb so I was like I might hit
four I might hit six I've been hitting
reps of three pretty easily we'll see
how many I get that's my setup so a lot
of the the bros at the commercial gyms
they'll see like the arch and the setup
and like oh my god you know break his
back actually this is the safest way you
could ever bench if car lifters that
bench the most you should probably learn
how to bend from powerlifter so there we
go got pretty light in my hands started
repping it out but it felt pretty good
also wrapped number four as you can see
my stomach's kind of fat it's poppin'
already when I was rep number five rep
number six and I actually fell I could
have got it but then by this time my
lower back kind of got softened out and
my back flattened I didn't have a nice
tight arch so up I wasn't able to finish
the seventh but I will be coming for you
315 hopefully for eight by the end of
the year and yeah I'm pretty happy with
that so I guess that's all I want to
share with you guys it's uh it's a
milestone I know like being able to
threat being able to rep 315 it's a big
deal to me it's something I've been
wanting to do since I was fifteen years
old and I was able to rep for three
times four times now six times and my
goal is to hit it a good eight to ten
times to not be really really happy
you're still trying to set up for JK
party so I still got a little bit of
time and to eat my sandwich so I'm gonna
have some alone time with my artisan
grilled chicken sandwich Oh fucking
bigger little savages what are you
watching yeah intro to character in the
world
yep Bob OS :
so paste on blombo's Veronica's Obama
nose is one of my favorite shows because
I watch the guys check that shit up
no it was the problem like the first TV
shot ever watch one more than Allison's
bad junkie fuck this soap Unger
published was the fucking bad-ass
and we all watch it is it time to film
everyone's wearing Christmas stuff
god dammit you saw me pick out four
offices so hard I'm kidding
it was pretty easy to pick out for
office but I guess what about outfits is
gonna be a Christmas outfit Nadine the
name Nadine
that was going on what what do you want
from me I'm not any money I don't have
money I don't have any money I love your
money babe this job that I'm blogging
I'm not you too I got domestic violence
I know all the girls in here a fucking
evil and mean oh snap so I am ready to
go I could pick it up and we are ready
to do damn let's try it yeah and I got I
stopped trying to get all the
accessories for two now it's like a hook
it no but uh what did you go the same
one yeah I just got a few things I
bought a bunch of other stuff Oh what
did you buy on Amazon like what did you
do the research yourself you did all the
research like which amounts you need for
this and for that
no no they told me which ones to get
because they didn't have it
Oh smart oh the heat shield with the
rails damn that looks like me right now
my stomach pops out like crazy it's
Christmas theme it's the most wonderful
time of the year kind of like sitting
here and just watching people walk by I
guess I didn't really need the four
outfits can only supply the outfit and
I'm a Rudolph the reindeer everyone else
does Christmas theme Jill's a Christmas
80s workout aerobics champion
julia is the only thing that's Kristen
is her headband your sweater is kind of
it's like magic I Nadine is the
Christmas terrorist London skinniest fan
in the world
TIFF is a reindeer Joe is a golden
retriever black Santa we're gonna give
me for Christmas black Santa I love
Christmas time shut the hell up
so I guess look at where people are
position and then start seeing where you
want what are you going black Santa all
right I did really okay anyway so what
I'll be doing is I'll be giving everyone
a number just randomly giving you guys a
number and that's gonna determine the
order in which we move okay so we'll
start with number one number one is
gonna pick any gift here these are all
guy gifts I don't know what's in there
cuz I just told Shawn to present right
now it moves on to and give a little bit
of commentary if you like it don't like
it talk about it just show it to camera
for a little bit wall laugh on then it
moves to person number two now person
number two has the option of taking
person number ones gift or picking a
brand new gift and then again we talked
about it we laugh is it weird like what
the fuck then it moves on to person
number three now a person number three
same thing they can steal from person
number one where's number two or get a
new yet oh you could steal it from
someone yes
what we can do to senses yeah so so that
gift can only be stolen twice once it's
been sown and twice it's luck that
person so that means if it's stolen
twice that means it can be it's in the
third persons hands okay shit Joe asset
so let's see it's now the beams turn he
can steal anyone I can't just be like oh
I want to steal it or Brandon who
already went before him can't steal
anymore you can only steal on your turn
and then once we come to the last person
then it goes back to person number one
since they never had the objects of
steel and then they can mm-hmm
right the first person always wins and
the person that got their present stolen
they get him you get oh yeah pretty much
it okay let's do it
the homie bleah the hell's going on I
like Thanksgiving too though I like
Thanksgiving too I get to eat on
Thanksgiving go on that side you traitor
what I like to eat stuff okay yeah what
are we doing what are we doing we're
playing we're playing tic-tac-toe with
ping pong balls
oh cool really well this is like the
first time then I need a liar
all right so everyone who's not playing
these are gonna be behind the table got
it - favorite camera mm-hmm industry
talk you got it yeah okay so the way it
works is one person at a time and the
objective is to make three to get three
in a row so the way you play tic-tac-toe
so the first person to get three in a
row whether it's this way this way or
diagonally that's a point for your team
and then once that happens then we yell
cut and then we got a reset next person
goes
so now in the event that all of it gets
fold up nobody gets any tic-tac-toe game
ends zero point for both teams we said
you have you can't just lob it in there
it has I was behind line oh damn you
guys sound like pros I never play this
shit dammit what the hell half of this
team should switch sides because of the
size differences because you two are
much smaller I mean the main thing is
you capture the person play yeah you
guys are continually like you know help
yeah you don't have to you don't have to
fit all of us in the frame
baby what what happened the bulky but
you can't even I'm strong but you can't
even Haven fitment oh we're doing the
same shit really yeah it was just fat
shaming me too
outside can't even zip it all the way up
strong ah really that's what that's real
guys that are strong actually have a
little bit of fat ha
that's real straight a little bit but
I'm gonna get it off later on I achieve
my goal you know we want to hear that
stay fast let my gold is coming off
coming off really cold during winter so
I need to make sure that I have but you
live in California doesn't even snow
year is cold if I was making like this I
would die
what is naked right now baby
what what happened but you never bulking
I had 315 for six Wow are you proud of
yourself
oh pretty proud I bet I could have got
seven if I would have stayed a little
bit tighter on the back but then I got a
lost position fine Paul beare I want to
show you your Christmas I mean your
birthday present
what is this so we didn't make it more
special if I give it to in your birthday
if I just tell you and don't give it
anything to you right now I don't want
effective decision do I ever tell you
that I behold it yeah you know my
birthday this one you told everyone
except for me I did yeah they're present
though yeah that's what you were telling
you about but the onus cuz this it's a
special one Oh mine's better
yeah well these Mets are new your hands
are gonna be blue they're getting blue
okay I know you could tell me you could
tell me if you want to no I'll make it
special
no no what is it promise yeah no I'll
make it special cuz I know they want to
see to they want to see what I got you
I'll make it special oh good bye what
are you trying to do
today get away from the table that's not
even your side please
I know place is everyone all right blue
team my team get dressed Olli wrong way
wrong way huh blue team is really dumb
all the red sides over here blue sides
over there you're the only one that's
not dumb finally an undone one coming
back cuz she was dumb but she's under
oh no you gotta smell about your school
the big kids like themselves should even
notice how close you got your chin
well chef are you breathing we're not
going very what are we playing now all
right we're doing rallies elegant each
player has one minute you guys are going
against the other team obviously the
objective of the game is to get a grain
of rice
you kind of get one grain out of time
one gray you have to start from here and
then you walk it over put it in what so
the cup is stationary right there yeah
oh my goodness you have to be facing
this way you have to be this way okay
you have to be squared with the table
squared and you know a subdued so yeah
so each player has one minute
Shanker that yell what are you gonna
yell switch time all right
all right right racist racist voice what
did you order mob back with the order do
you like Simone sense I love to describe
what a samosa
I don't know Indian Indian what we're
doing oh yeah nothing a minute that's
the one image well you're a dougela
digger yeah a little digging a banger so
show them their finger your fingers a
little dougela daters know you got a
cute ask me did you ever show Jess your
fingers yes fucking cute ass fingers
well we thought these were cute
therefore we think barley for one but
she's like six feet fucking smaller than
you I'm taller than you no we're not
don't make it smaller middle lassie this
delicious dinner we got some Indian
fruit a man that's a treat because you
don't always get Indian food just cuz
it's not that many Indian restaurants
around here but today someone had the
wise idea to get Indian so I got the
folly plate which i think is Indian for
bento box and you have $10 chicken
chicken curry I don't know what his name
is but his lineage spinach and cream was
it thank you
c'mere paneer what's this all the
chicken curry Oh
the chana masala that's right your chana
masala special yeah
we also got we also ordered those tikka
masala which is like no regular sauce
tomato one just split that and I'm gonna
have a delicious meal
