what's up y'all it's a bright beautiful
day today I already finished my workout
and I already finished recording my car
vlog in my car that's when record
Crocker vlogs in the car
and I just want to show you guys a
little bit of the environment of barbell
brigade today because today mad people
were hidden PRS and then violets on
point everyone going ham over here so
big as even on behind them right now
that's Mike strong man at the gym and
one of the coaches at the gym
got their little biggest presents are
and then we got men friends another one
of our gym staff and she's training how
was your workout today all damaged those
biceps
oh yes closet mrs. Claus that's not
quasi I go from the front there's more
people working out over here what are
you up to hold your workout dogs what
about that is so stupid you love dogs
make money that people are gonna pay
Romney
and we're gonna put it in the jar
charity
can we talk about bodybuilding
No
now what about strong man
no I don't even know anything about
strongmen okay
that's true can we talk about feeding
children
what
egg-white burrito
you're making video
like finally some advice for girls I
don't know
like
he's not weekly wedgies right now
I'm changing everything
why everything about your bags it's a
sob story nothing PD you're already
stronger shit on the bench
my grip is really narrow
the Superman
very much people been hitting the
weights doing slam how's your workout
done yet
just get up yeah I miss all professors
let Mike this morning
it was fun shopping
you guys went shopping on what what time
are you guys going are we filming I know
we gotta work today sorry it's not a
work like seven days a week
I'm hungry let's go I'm gonna follow you
out
there
are you serious yeah are you serious
what must be a bench like 500 I wish
that was fast
dude that was so fast on your opener
that's my opener you go away yeah yeah
girl he's punished shit
the way that move go Anita at 295 at the
minimum at the minimum move soda
Geor you going geo where are you going
this is our ritual usually by every time
after we left family oriented
like 20 people nature of the gym and I'm
gonna get thrown up like crazy oh I got
a change of setting really fast oh no I
gotta change the settings really fast
no the settings aren't changing there we
go
yeah so after we work out when we say
bye to everyone it's like leaving your
family it's like leaping New Year's
dinner or something like that and we
always got it so usually I make sure and
I schedule it to my day like if I'm
gonna train for two hours I add about 15
or 20 minutes for the warm-up in the
beginning and another 15 to 20 minutes
for same buys at the end so I always
give myself like two and a half to three
hours to work out just cuz I know that's
what it's gonna take for me to get in
and get out what are we gonna eat my
bear huh that's not your freakin
demolish I like nothing what are you
gonna eat you with me yeah big puny
is it play no keep singing
so Jill it's been dying to watch the
native James Bond movie Spectre what the
hell your eyes look freakin crazy
Wow your eyes are crazy so I'm trying to
watch Spectre a lot of us haven't
watched a movie in a while and by a lot
of us I mean the JK group and by the JK
produces music in my other life
no no one watched moving a lot of been
really busy so I'm going to look at the
times that are quite well done you're
gonna mess it up
look at the terms are are Clyde's its it
by the half of my fingers are moving all
crazy must because in the workout can
you see as this Pasadena I need to look
at the Pasadena one there's a baby there
is so look at my screen first cuz it's
so cute
oh I see um this is my screensaver oh my
god it's so dirty this is my screensaver
okay like I'm a baby boy that's how we
did it that's what we used to do them in
real life
yeah okay so then there's an app right
her
and then we pick Pasadena right nice
Tina Specter
there it is nine o'clock sorry
Oh in the meantime the me put in the
group me here well Donna did you hear
what I said I said in the meantime see
we're team work out if we got to work at
a team you gotta communicate so here I
wrote so Brandon already wants to watch
it but let me put it in the group me how
do i type in film does at the same time
do this anyone down for a Spectre at
9:00 p.m. tonight and Pasadena
babe babe
all right so now let's go look on the
app to see if malabar just texted me oh
cool
now let's look on the app to see if
there's a lot of seats so one thing
that's really cool about arc lights that
I like about Cartwright is I don't even
know if it's available and very many
other cities or states for that matter
I only know like three or four of them
but what's cool about our client is you
get to pick the seat that you want so
it's first come first serve on the
website and then you pick the one that
you want so usually so usually if you
are able to so hope you Frost would be
interrupted if you want to what are you
doing you interrupting me again are you
God are you
so if you want to find what are you
doing so if you want to reserve a
specific speed like if you want to sit
in the fund and the back of the center
or whatever from the side you get to go
okay I want this showing at this time
and you get to pick I know I am the turn
explains why I like about art life so I
still haven't been able to explain to
what I like about mark like because this
guy keeps freaking talking I'm gonna cue
you in when the talk until I hear you
and you don't talk you'll say anything
so I like about art by this you can
reserve the sat seat that you want and
it's first-come first-serve and then you
can sit in the front or the back or
whatever and what's cool about our
client is they don't have any
advertisements they only have to cut
stuff the only got previews and in the
movie itself and a presenter comes in
and tells you who it's directed by and
gives you a little brief synopsis of the
movie without giving away too much and
then so the whole movie which is really
good and also art boy movie theaters
it's there's no bad scene in the house
with a very very very front row it's
still like relatively far away so you're
not watching like this you can watch
like look like that so that's what I
really about our play it is a little
more expensive but it's also for what I
would say the film crowd this is the
movie crowd you want a million movie
crowd as well that's an ferries bomb
which is nothing wrong with it but they
don't enjoy movies the same way that a
lot of film people do because they might
be texting or yelling in the middle of
the movie and it's just the overall like
movie going culture and decorum is a
little bit different so feeling in Geo
show her my gosh so hard by show them
okay so for example now to put it into
play what Bart was just talking about to
give you the visual
I'm here so we're gonna go with Spectre
which is here
oh well wait so we go to the app man I
should sponsor us giving them so much
for them just like McDonald's we always
hook everybody you know everything we
like wheels promoted here Specter so now
we want nine o'clock
and now so it's 14 bucks which is
relatively I think affordable I think
right now we're ready like MC and stuff
like that anyway yeah so two dollars
more to pick your own themes
reservations no shitty previews just a
movie trailer though it's just a no shit
there are previews there's no commercial
that's what I was trying to say previews
s in like did you not hear what I said
already told them all that information e
anyway so it's worth it to pay two
dollars to skip all that bullshit so I'm
gonna tap for two people so to know just
I know I'm just we got like seven people
going to either select our own seater
then have them selected for us so here I
want to select it for us and now this is
a movie theater here's the screen this
is your seat so then I would get like
these two also those are all the ones
but the person in it are the people that
are still available that doesn't even
make sense
the one with the person and it would
mean I don't know person in it also all
the gray ones are there people already
been wanting to try to watch it let's go
to another show and let's see late 9:45
because I'm trying to watch it in a good
spot
let's try 9:45
for how many seven yeah and I see what
service it was tough stuff sometimes
that there it is oh yeah we got way more
people so hopefully 9:45 that means I
gotta take a copy tonight is you know
what happens to me I attend pass the
fuck out but I've been wanting to watch
this movie and the cars super nice in
there and let's see if anyone said any
occasion so Tommy's down no one else is
down so far
so so far it might just be me Gio the
Dean city was down and Tommy so fun so
we're gonna wait but also in the
meantime I actually have a shoot in
about an hour and a half so I have to
julius onah showed he sent me a whole
list of questions just to brief me so
that I'm not caught off guard and in the
meantime while I'm waiting for my food
here I'm going to look at that email
I'm going to look at that email or is
that word of Julia Julia did you really
send me stuff
yesterday's the Julia sent it to me
here's my question
let's see here's a question will be
asked to you this weekend
this will be a thirty minute bus video
Oh wasn't me long baby guys what is your
name I'll use my name what are your
nicknames allergic to us that you
believe in soulmates easy who should pay
on the first date
oh really he's pinkish the eyes close of
course what's your favorite quote do you
sing in the shower all stuff easy I
thought it's supposed to be hard once
you'll be travelling the world in the
world right now would you go easy or
what you're doing a million dollars easy
we're supposed to be like I mean anyone
is the seventy eight nine so just 90
questions I want to be prepped for
what's one hot on the other side of your
fridge you see which one thing I'll
never stop doing easy boom right so I
got I know exactly what's going on I
just worked eating double tap double
dick dildo as they call it this mean job
so if you guys don't know what that with
your pillow means me enjoy back to that
time that means yeah when dildo penises
on each type and it can plug two pussies
so it's pretty much like two birds in
one stone
but JK's down as you know we always do
things in fact
so did you see how many killer argue
that's actually a successful marriage
that wasn't argument yeah we were
arguing oh yeah you were getting on my
nerves because I was trying to explain
to how to do stuff but it's the wives
job you always ruin heat and rain on
their parade that's their job David said
it a million times ready when the guy
comes you know what happened yo
yesterday dude out I shot like 10
baskets and they were all swishes and
it's the wife scooter come in wasn't
what he was ugly foolish
mapa you were singing to me earlier
you're safe
moppet what what I have married if if
you're really ugly enough I want it
no look are you CUNY let Affairs I
talked you out so good this morning
this is Gio's favorite she loves it when
I she likes going I touch your face
there's a big puppy
thank you could you give for a yummy
breakfast turkey turkey oh my god white
chicken breasts how old are you that
plate children's food you got chicken
fingers no chicken poppers that makes
the way older every day so I got a New
York steak and eggs with hash browns and
french toast and grapefruit juice
grapefruit juice is actually one of my
favorite juices a lot little white
things really solid that's the reason I
like it I feel like it's very refreshing
has just an amount of vitamin C as
orange juice but it's more refreshing
than oranges tonight like 3:00 in the
morning you know when I was a kid I used
to love drinking ice-cold ruby red ruby
red is like the ocean spray version of
grapefruit juice but the pull of each
service was kind of cheap but this one
is a natural version which I really
really
and this is how we do it son DZ done DZ
BAM Oh someone didn't you order the
kid's meal he didn't finish my bag you
pick uni papa still loves you even
though you had that say you think
but you know that's the number one rule
of flirting I did have to get a reaction
out of you and then later I put a
bandaid on then you love me
hey watch don't touch me right now I
love you my fellow men today Casey Oh
Angela you're filming later babe there's
a sea otter next to you know the potato
there's a potato potato potato potato oh
there's another potato potato potato
fine fine fine fine Barney oh she knows
her name okay
hey cutie yeah this is how Casey sets up
the shot we're doing double camera
action today and that way when we're
filming stuff and he means to cut stuff
out you can always cut from this angle
to that angle and it makes it seamless
cuz I only got one angle then when you
cut they call that a jump cut and then
it looks jarring and then if actually a
lot of people that watch cheesy party
used to jump cuts because almost every
youtuber does it but you're not supposed
to do it in terms of traditional film
but people on YouTube they're just
making her own rules
but when you do have too many jump cuts
like if you imagine a movie verse in a
movie theater there's a jump Cody it's
gonna blow your brains out so because
this is a longer video we wanted to make
it smooth
and we got double angles what do you
think and isn't that what if they don't
mind jump cuz I don't mind not shooting
two cameras that you can just want a
camera that's true they probably don't
even know until there's a comparison I
know for movies oh if there's jump cuts
in the movie theater I would bug the
shit
me cuz it takes you out of the world you
know what I mean like if the editing is
bad it takes you out of the world
they're trying to paint it back into
film and you realize you're watching
this film instead of being immersed in
it yeah very true are you having it
young-shin onion sucks yeah when I was
in Korea I was ferp like it on me I'm
never gonna be cold again fine loves you
very much
let's do it
Gio just wants to mess around all fuckin
day because I keep asking you know did
you book the goddamn tickets with the
movie do you think you were planning
this but I don't even care because it's
tradition
every time JK watches a movie together
and it's on JK you'd book it cuz you
have the experience you have the app I
won't have the ArcLight app do you have
the ArcLight
app yeah see you're the only one with
the ArcLight little app but you have to
book the damn tickets and we're about to
start filming nice to have a book did
you know how fast they're going they're
going like hotcakes and now there's
another dog next to you yeah fine leave
her ask you to bring a pretty girl we
could go over there go over there go
over that leave her mom's just fucking
around all day
go over there biggie damn it Brit go
over there go away fun fun go away fun
go away go over there I know okay
damn it did you book everything yet shut
up still messing around there I'm still
hating people let's see yeah all you
wanna do is just mess around all day
hurry up you gotta put your phone on
airplane mode well then you gotta knock
it off brig is tired of it crap is about
to fall asleep
bring eat go to sleep or tired of a crap
aren't you yeah fine you're tired of a
crap she was asleep already
so Tommy was down for nine his that
folds down for 90s down for a 45 exactly
15 minutes is gonna make a difference
stay single guys
Casey D Rebecca recommend staying single
see he loves he loves the the double I
thought the word single double see the
one fuck to get married freakin idiot
hey what's mean about us like the most
realistic ever asked to you can't got it
that's also what keep my samurai sword
where the perpetrators come in messing
around all day Instagram Instagram eight
minutes ago no yeah the job to do yes to
film me then film you and then we have a
meeting with Aaron and and then we get
yeah you needed to depend on other
people to complete Georgia book it yes
or no
he's the great friend he is trying he's
trying to do his job he's trying to do
his job
I am so do your job Oh Merry Christmas
Oh Ricky K steps over
are we a puppy house or what this is
like you never have small dogs I need a
big dog cuz you're a body pillows look
we hold hands to this cami bikini fun
fun look
bikini fun fun funny
they're so cute we're fun the cutie pie
fun we're done filming yeah I know
now we just got one meeting with Erin
and then we get to watch Spectre tonight
I'm actually gonna take a nappy I'm
pretty tired what are you gonna do your
nap out here yeah all right I'm gonna
happen the room all right cuz in case
the dim comes my don't be woken up oh
yeah Andy was here no he's not here
right no I know but where is he
you got uh Josh's baby shower oh cool
yeah Congrats Josh Congrats
he works out uh works out a barbell
Brigade a nice guy that Nadine looking
let the dogs out she's all pee she even
props her head up to like my heat can
you let the dogs out to peace big yeah
so I just had a Epiphany it's not a very
intelligent one but it is a Tiffany at
that and I just realized I have never
seen the bottom of a beard before you
always see you know like from eyesight
like straight on and or top down but you
never see the bottom of a beard before
so we're gonna share this moment
together and can we both see the bottom
of your beard whoa
that's what it looks like holy moly and
let it look like
I don't know I just never seen it like
that it looks like it looks like you're
looking at a flat top before top there
it looks like the top of someone's head
but at the bottom so it looks really
weird let's look at Nadine's
look at the bottom of your beard go
touch your head out let's go what the
fuck is that fucking bullshit yours this
week yours is like balding it's you had
a balding beard yeah
shared that moment together did you
think you're special yeah biggest yawn
not ever use me what's cool yeah it's
really interesting now you should
fulfill your curiosity or or not fulfill
your curiosity but you should see what
it sounds like
no thank you rig is so we're all here
meeting working on stuff fun paying
attention but Nadeem of course is always
fucking around by himself with like
seven pillows and a break II was in the
other room by herself she loves that bed
she's such a fucking princess and diva
she loves to be on beds and loves to be
in shape she's such a fucking princess
hi all right this
hurry the cars coming he says he owes
where he's at now a lot does this before
the accretion that pushed him to pursue
it sometimes he was like three years ago
the study was on the fence he had enough
wanted to pursue their passion of dance
or stay in like marketing job that he
had
