good morning papa honey what are you
doing had your emails and stuff oh so I
was taking a shower yeah
fawni started parking how come she was
parking so much because someone came and
delivered I said what do you mean
delivered Tyson this is Tyson's cremated
remains and we purposely paid to have
this so that we can happen for memories
because what happens um when they put
puppies down what they do is I could
either have them get cremated in a bunch
because that's how they save space or if
you want to pay for the service of
having your own family member cremated
by themselves then they'll deliver it to
you so you can have him for memory so in
this box this nurse it's a boy okay I
got open it I like to pawn the sorta
stuff
I'm not even gonna show that the theme
you could cut that part out part doesn't
Lana's SN okay ready here we go
we actually got this idea from our other
dog patches I don't know a lot of you
guys might not know about her but she
passed like three four years ago yeah if
you follow if you guys are old JK fans
will know you'll see patches in like the
videos and stuff but this is before we
even had the office and wish to work out
at home and it is to be just Tyson and
patches and patches was all - yeah shoes
for teen you had from all right yeah and
she was 14 she's about damnation Tyson
are you in here
ties and we certify the private
cremation of your pet please accept our
deepest sympathy that is so sweet thank
you guys
also God wanted his Paul Paul to cut it
off oh no a print a print of this Paul
yeah I explained that very bad my
mistake
our baby I know we got to get a urn oh
my god
nothing memory for boy so small now
that's crazy
that so many memories at this guy I know
for 15 years I said you bring them up at
least like a few times a week I do you
knew I loved him
don't open it it was there for at least
half of my life 15 years let's go boy
oh maybe this is the part I hope so
Tyson's popping like that small that
perfect
like I'm opening like I'm mrs. Fields
cookie or something oh oh they did it
that way
this puppet has been baked
Tyson Papa oh look at this guy that's so
cute
this guy you even see like his though
like the all the imprints like his
version of a thumbprint or fingerprint
and we never cut his nails those nails
are so long
ha ha ha this kim yoomi see now that's
ok to know your mama why did you so sad
mama it's like a happy sad like ah why I
don't know I miss him
I miss is not only and then like this is
like his ball this is like a bunch of
his fur on here that's so cute it's
super cute you're such a good boy huh so
good
this is crazy you big kitty Tyson thank
you you loved him huh uh-huh
stupid dog why he must do bad do better
all so cute this is crazy
it's ball so big here's a big guy phone
this is iPhone 6 not plus I've only six
but look at how biggest fucking paws he
was a big guy I know how does my vsti
was like a hundred pounds yeah
that's very very cute tiny bit cutie
that's a great idea that was it but now
I don't know who do it what if we get it
bronzed then make into a big ass chain
and just rock it yeah I'm down guys it's
as big as my finger don't press too hard
is gonna run the fingerprint what do you
mean it's been baked I know but it feels
soft to me that's why it's not pret try
to press it in I know but you can't ya
know you did it
I have the one on my screen
that's not Tyson that's Madine that's
the guy big to thee that was the same
day that we put him to sleep - yeah this
is last day on earth
big cutie boy so old old grandpa he was
15 the smile is so sharp no he waited
for us to get married two casinos go
take her
this cutie but now we have me not but
now but we still have to vet CUNY
furballs you want to see whether at one
oh shit I thought they're gonna be at
the foot of the bed
what are they already where the dogs at
where are my puppies
where are my puppies hi suspicious fawn
Ricky hi Ricky oh you gotta stretch
every time hi piggy oh thank you oh hi
bunny you know it was really cute about
fawn she senses people's emotions and
she caters to them remember our friend
was really sad and he came over and and
fawn is a very scared and timid pup
I also he just poked me um and she never
really gets close to people that aren't
Bart or I but then when our friend came
over he was really sad and then fawn was
comforting him so she jumped on top of
the couch which she never does and she
started licking him and hugging him and
he was just like what is going on but
this is awesome
have fun she doesn't feel comfortable on
our bed for some reason
one up hey shit stuck
carpet beauty Fani breaky football
Boober bring the little guy what's so
funny I watch over you I'm not like you
our eyes on that pattern go this way
hold on see zoom enter aye
whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa did no way do you
know hard she Weiser tells ya happy pups
ok they didn't care just sound like a
weirdo Bri always looks at herself in
the mirror you shows up to check to see
if she's a presentable pomazan care man
extreme close-up I like your glasses
they make your eyes look very Danny yeah
how come they're so thick cuz that bad
eyes my eyes so bad how bad are they
negative 10 yeah I only have negative
one that's nothing I know I had negative
one and like first grade you wore
glasses that young no I didn't eat it
award in second grade
oh no see at the baby glasses your cells
are so crude I just hope our kids don't
have bad vision yeah
and then this guy is not gonna be yeah
it's not convenient makes me sad because
kids are just careless wild little
animals they should just be careless and
free to roam around yeah
okay Aaron I know you don't want to talk
but what's happening right now you're in
the middle seeing everything go up in
the drywall what office are we standing
in right now you're in the new barbell
here is parallel slash my office slash
the dean's office slash slash and this
is awesome big open draft for TIFF and G
oh yeah yeah
sy we're and everyone's away this is
David's office you up Dave is gonna be
with us this is his office
this is Hart's office in here I get a
see it before bar gets to see it but
what he's gonna keep cuz I keep the
walls just like this what is this called
again insulation insulation it has
mental pattern / mental pat pat-pat-pat
pedi no electricity yeah right
oh this is warrants this is Joe's office
what what no and I was just kidding
about bar leaving it like that no it's
just they have that drywall which is
this right here that the pudding and
then they're gonna add no no this is
yeah this is not drywall
they need to add your eye wall then
they're gonna add paint and then that's
when you see the white and there's a
pillar right here Casey's office it's
totally black you can't see anything
um there it is you see nothing at all
there you go
what is this begin a conference room hmm
this is so cool dude and then this is
Michael's room so Michael gets a little
window so you could peep on all the
honey's and be a little perv oh just
kidding Mike's not a perv oh we just say
that we don't know anything about
Michael's life so we make a life for him
in our head this is like a little
kitchen area no what is this will be no
here a shower shower supply cabinet
probably some dental Finch there's a
cockroach this is where we keep the
cockroaches are we gonna close seal that
off no that's so people can see us hell
yeah then this is our fancy bathroom
literally literally just concrete
justkeep area clean so that means don't
piss on the floor guys I think it's only
guys that piss on the floor oh my god
I'm so excited and I just had a meeting
with their set designer so set designing
is going to start happening hopefully
within like a week or two and then
that's the space over there that I
already showed you guys so it's
literally across the way this is set
design side we're gonna have as the
fields just getting user skinny party um
just use your imaginations because
there's a lot to explain right there
they're building showers actually so
that'll be nice but the far case you see
those two pillars over there right
that's going to be J can set these two
pillars here that's going to be asked
the fields and then when we're not
shooting as the fields we're gonna clear
out the entire set becomes JK party with
all that florists play so then all this
floor space will be doesn't look like
I'm moving but I'm backing up I'm like
in the corner you see I'm in the corner
backing up
that's JK party some really exciting
stuff happening I can't wait so this
side gets built oh that's that they're
killing it they're beating this side but
I don't know so our defense my defense
specifically it's a building out three
brand new sets with set like designing
with furniture with fuels and looks and
all that so it takes a little more time
so give me some credit
a little bit but fucking hot as shit in
here but Erin still wearing a sweater
and the man by the way we need it we
need to give Aaron a lot more credit
because he's just killing the game
without Aaron a whole bunch of shit
would fall apart right now Michael is in
Berlin I think he's just backpacking and
exploring the world by himself and
here's Aaron the super man holding that
shit down like a ball
lack of bowels all right I'm gonna stop
there but thank you
so Joe never ceases to amaze me or
surprise me and this is what he has
today hey how does it work what's gonna
be nice to know exactly are there
multiple notes
how does it work an but I just learned
how to play it yesterday those pretty
hard it's called a jaw harp what
countries are cool I don't know a lot of
countries have it but I I think Germany
I don't know it sounded Wisconsin
instrument yeah but um ken got one he
has a Snoopy one and then um I forgot
like he had one so I just bought one I
don't know I'm collecting a bunch of
weird instruments now so how does this
one work in particular this one so um
you put your teeth in between this place
right here and then you kind of like
breathe and then you move your tongue
and it changes the tone Oh trip out so
you know like and the cartoons or
something with some of its locked in a
head it goes is that would be here yeah
like if you get a boner how did you
discover this were you just like I was
on Amazon and then I just started
clicking around and then I got a
recorder recently and I was like looking
for other stuff and this came up and it
was only like I don't know like five
bucks or something so I decided to get
it because you've been on this like this
like rent of buying really dope things
I'm actually really hoping that you
become a billionaire haha I think I
would really love to go to your house
after you would have like bouncy rooms
and you would have like crazy cars in
the front lawn that you can just like go
hunting
you'd have acres and acres of land of
just like fun shit yeah that's true
so I wish but I wish for nothing but
billions of dollars for you and it'll be
like the fun land you guys had come over
I'll be tight like helping kids
nothing good with it a bunch of random
at yesterday's no I'm sure Jo will
invite the kids to his house yeah it'll
be like the Neverland Ranch with up yeah
- the Michael Jackson - the Michael -
yeah yeah no I see it I see it Shannon's
back to be already lush dude for real
everyone that can we keep her as a
permanent member can we get rid of Gio
get down let me tell you something these
guys are a friend thirst trap it's like
you go through all these videos I start
like question I call my friends like why
are you guys so boring
why isn't there more there's 70 of em
better all right second D Heffron thirst
Reb the rest of the people are over
there but we're not going to show them
to you because they're not supposed to
be outside they can't see any sunlight
therefore one of the other 80 channels
you guys have was hit in but you know
it's doable Shannon the first time she
showed up she only thought that farts
Channel existed and she was still down
out to work with us she had no idea what
to expect
she's like fucking with you well in love
with geo like I have to really say no I
stalk you uncomfortably I'm telling the
camera days I really do I'm on your page
at weird hours the night thank you
what's your process of stalking what do
you do Wow looks like step one step two
step I saw the photos and you go to tag
photos then you go to light because you
want to see how they really look
then you go to like who they know hahaha
but shit would you like try and check on
this picture oh my god I am flattered
only because it's you if it was anyone
else I'd be like I don't know that's
weird but just because it's you I'm
super flattered yeah it'll read I'm
really read I'm gonna have sex with Geo
one day oh my god that's what I watch
bottle oh shit you're speaking of viral
fucking
jeana's sex expert nah yeah it was two
million I don't even know what the fuck
Thank You Gina
would you look at all these fucking
dicks about a fish shapes and sizes
you've got one this lot a big bowl this
little pea and then you've got all that
you cannot stick a pig in it and then
you can put it on the top of your dick
and then you've got one that looks like
a shot of our truck or something just
Peter shame you have a pink one with
like a scrubber for your toilet but then
you have like only made out of precious
metal the sunset glass block and then
you've got a big back dick it's all
faming and then you've got like this
glass dick with long bowls on it and
then you've got like that this pink one
it's like I think and then you've got
like this different reflections glass
wall and earlier dick and then you've
got this neon glass heartbreaker g-spot
and then you've got the icicles
hand-blown glass massager and then
you've got is icicle per glass fave
massager for 2495 and then you've got a
stream sparkles massager and they've got
like a few more pages of these dicks and
then you've got this dream night
massager dick one bottle
good good good yeah all right holy crap
look at how windy this place is right
now yeah it was sunny yesterday but when
it's winter and Cali it's winter what
still not winter anybody it's not winter
daylight daylight savings look remember
we went forward an hour one day oh we
are we Japanese oh yeah he's a martyr
not like a white leather goods wait is
about writing or do I got a drive I
think you have to drive okay
all right I don't have the car and no
one but three guys look Kings yeah
do you know any uh mexican places babe
mm-hmm sorry so we've been in the car
now for like a good 10 minutes doing
this we're trying to find a place to eat
we should have done this before we left
the house and we always say this every
time do you guys like media
what's the goat back the goats go bears
I just you guys want Mediterranean food
here props largest on Alameda it's
probably 14 minutes if we go local oh is
that by the yeah that's my little Tokyo
right yours el Tepeyac where's that up
that's off in Boyle Heights just two
miles away from here in the B ech yeah
let me look hey dick nothing here in
there yeah this is there one near our
house yeah you guys I've wanted I always
wanted to try that please I'm glad that
California finally cooled down so I
could actually wear long sleeves I enjoy
wearing long sleeves I have a bunch I
can finally wear pants and it's finally
moist and it feels cold and until when I
start seeing like the festivities like
the Santa decorations the Thanksgiving
decorations there are no Thanksgiving
decorations everyone always hates on
Thanksgiving some places they already
have like these very fall-like
decorations and it makes
feel more festive and I'd like you know
just cozy up heads chair coffee and it
kind of relive my childhood up like
movies you know like Santa Clause a
10-mile then like with everything when
the whole city is just decorated just
feel so best in him I love that way are
you yeah thanks
cool Wyatt why do you fear someone said
oath huh why do you care so much said
it's cold because you get hot well I
just like wearing I like wearing a
different variation of clothes rather
than just tank tops and shorts all day
cuz I'm always in a sweater does that
mean that I don't get as hot as you do
so for you it's more temperature based
because you get hot really easy but I
also like wearing clothes that make me
hot and I could now wear it during the
and not get hot yeah okay
hey after 20 minutes of discussion we
still decided to hit up our usual spot
for the shab of chefs and this is
usually how I hook it up I just get the
water base because I really like the
taste of the meat part does the same
thing
Jonah's the same thing excuse you I did
it you're like damn the copiers then
that's a compliment I was like go ahead
copier that's a compliment don't start
instigating spider Jack no that's a
compliment because I have poor quality
taste buds so what is Nicky tofu you're
gonna hate it you know Michael there's
still too low there's still too huh look
who joined the party it's too fatty
let's make her feel awkward zoom in even
more yes he liked hanging out of her
nose you know I think a photo from
Halloween to my brain my gospel oh shoot
let's make her feel awkward and we are
taking we're taking some thumbnail
Tiff's being a trooper yeah
if I meant to and and then bar one more
time just a face face a little more this
is hilarious yes thank you Tim you watch
model networks a little a little more
towards camera there you go there you go
right there
I did the job flexing sorry 1 2 3
ok maybe see hold on it's focusing and
yep looks good to me the way with a
camera to see okay
I needed everyone else's approval it
looks good to me
guys take pictures of so the next one is
where the boyfriend is really needy so
what I had in mind is Joe you're hugging
TIFF to Devin tip your over cream I feel
good dad no it's show not weak yo yeah
it's not Bart you're gonna kill me one
of these days
oh my god please don't hit my hand oh oh
fuck oh fuck
stop stop stop stop stop no I'm scared
no banana the question was him being do
that okay please there you go which way
this way sorry I'm trying to fix my
shaky hands I hate my footage good I'm
working on it guys did you go at the
gray face no you look at your dick
killing her just be happy you're so
happy there you go there you go perfect
Oh perfect face sticker I got one to
entry but is they go on I try to make it
seem like it's naked having sex so I'm
holding her bra or her shirt straps so
that we don't see any at bridge Hey any
one in you and my god let me see did you
prove that approve maybe let's do one
without the arms up was her armpits all
dark
it matches the circles only thrice
just kidding my cat we can't move on
from that part I'm just kidding class
Carter okay without the arms up okay you
got this TIFF you're a sexy beast okay
you're a sexy
hippopotamus why don't you and I think
you started laughing I think it's sort
of laughing halfway that works that
works okay by the way let me see that
proof it's our proven you prove right oh
yeah like two boogers in there that's
good I uh I believe I believe it was the
shadows okay oh that's true where are
you 34 that's true it was a shadows yes
oh shit oh shit you're trying to slide
fuck please all fall nah doesn't look
that was not here oh who told you to do
that
capelet better those freaking hover
boards those boards on everyone has an
IG takes no work this is the real deal I
don't know they looks like they have way
more fun though MLS is way more fun
well they're going places look at this I
love you're going places
please I've learned one skill fitness
circle and then you'll work out from
this gym
way better did we charge that guy oh
cool good to go how about that guy right
I don't know if I don't use one anymore
right okay have you yet I did a long
time ago
once a Monroe yeah long time little
before you know
this place oh that was a month before we
got ours
so four means four right yeah slightly
lean forward it goes forward and
something back I settled on no to use to
the motherboard that do a squat oh my
god I just learned this right now I did
it like nothing it's like what the heck
these Scottie says I'm moving for
nothing what the heck I can't answer
tonight every video we do something
ridiculous every video the one before
this I think we're learning how not to
get raped oh yeah ladies self-defense
that's what I should call it that's very
insensitive of me I'm sorry this is way
more boring than the other one okay ha
ha ha Andrea we gotta pack up alright
thank you
oh I'll find me a soapbox what is
shouted
what he says he owes where he's at now a
lot does is we really impression and
push them to pursue anyone sometimes it
was like three years ago the settings on
the fence piano if you wanted to pursue
a passion of dance or stay and like mark
a new job that he had
