good morning guys I was sick all day
yesterday so I wasn't able to vlog but
this morning I feel a little bit better
but I got JK knees today which is kind
of rough cuz it's up pretty much
8 to 12 hour shoot day and I gotta keep
my energy high so I'm not I would get
yesterday I was more bedridden I think I
slept 8 hours during the day which felt
really good today I don't have that
luxury
I need me on JK news so I'm like half
there so I'm making tea to help me feel
better and I always do this all the time
when I feel sick I drink this last night
helped me a lot cuz you know being Asian
you don't really jump straight for like
the advil in the Tylenol like you don't
take tylenol until you break your arm
you want to do like home remedies as
much as you can and that's what I'm
making right now so I'm boiling up some
water it's getting there
and then I get ginger I boil up the
ginger and in here I have brown sugar
and honey and I'm gonna boil this in the
hot water fried indomie like 5 minutes
try to get all the good stuff out of the
ginger and then put a splash of lemon in
here and then pour the hot the hot water
into the container to kind of melt it
off and I'll be drinking that during the
day meanwhile I still got to keep it
Western and get some vitamin C in my
body so hopefully if I do the Western
holistic method and the Eastern holistic
method
I'll heal faster but yeah guys I still
had a full film day ahead of me so
hopefully I could survive as of now my
allergies are going crazy
look at the difference between mama and
me Barbara looks really nice
oh thank you she has the nice sweater on
with a nice watch and the nice Jean and
a nice shoes can I tell you something
nice everything what so these are like
when I was skinnier before I got
pregnant these were
yeah your jeans yeah as you can tell I
think these are mine now they could be
tightened but these are the only jeans
that fit in but I've missed wearing
jeans so bad that I'm like I'm squeezing
into these momoka saying I don't care
and the reason why it's happening today
is because when we foam for a JK party
you do see the waist down so like not
you see like I'm still kind of that kid
I'm just kidding are you kidding me I
freaking love you if we can make that
weird being over there with you that
weird thing there's three of them right
in front of us there's a blonde hair one
the black hair one and the furry face
one fine but look you on my bears wings
and look at what I'm wearing I'm wearing
sweats on top sweats on the bottom but
the good thing is because of this JK
knees you're not gonna see the bottom so
appears it's gonna look presentable I
have a hoodie and then I have my hair
dad but oh man I really hope that I want
to film me I don't sniffle like crazy
that's gonna freaking interrupt the
shoot oh but thank goodness I get to
wear what's work today I like how your
outfit is all sweats but you it's so
normal to you you fail to mention that
you bring flipflops like that throws off
and contradicts the entire wardrobe yeah
it off with your ring
you're so covered right like sweats is
like the ultimate california or at least
la d√©fense right there all you need are
sweats and a sweater and like you're
good yeah like you can go outside the
desert and you'll still survive you're
not gonna die
yeah um but you still managed to wear
flip-flops
the core guest is today making fun of me
don't you
it was funny well look our guest is
today Anthony yeah it doesn't look cool
yes when you see this car just throw
eggs at it yeah bubblegum just kidding I
understand a long half times I'm happy
to see him one of my favorite things
about JK news is when we have guests
it's a cuz we're so busy are you just
get sandwiched by the trunk oh my god is
that a we there's a lot of times we
don't get to see our friends but because
of shooting we get to see our friends so
it's so cool I'm excited to see how
haven't seen him in a while when I tell
you I'm running late on some beer before
David how's David's on time like me
running late you know it's so funny I
told to I'm running late but I still be
there before David you know your sweater
sucks are you trying to go for the
Beatles look why why why general why
just wait now February when a person
starts oh yeah chair bum use I want to
live that's tight yeah you look like not
to leave Raiders you should beat you to
do the Korean parity
the Emperor of China right now I want to
China
I think we're on or there's a
live-action one how come they didn't
cast us they never reach out to the
right people you know when they did that
fucking Green Dragons gangster shit I
immediately head up bars are our network
you know where the fuck is the casting
call sheet for me to go audition they
didn't have that and then what was the
other thing that I saw Marco Polo I'll
say where the fuck do they get all these
english-speaking Asians from Malcolm I
didn't get a fucking invite son of a
bitch I know that's the problem
I'm not in the audition circles probably
the main reason I know but don't they
want things to be promoted huh not
really because uh we probably do a bad
job of networking because every time we
meet up with people like that we just
talk shit about Hollywood so they
probably don't go we probably shouldn't
submit these guys in for anything
because all they ever do is just talk
shit but I don't want it I want I want a
Hollywood role that's the thing I want
to be in a big movie that's what I'm
trying to do
yeah but they fucking blew his whole
plan now I can't even do that
Asifa Izzy Izzy down I know you did yep
I used to get mad boners watching that
shit yeah I don't think so
this is gangster oh I remember that spin
things friendly
would you record this I mean the audio
that's awesome
all right
so this is gonna be pre JK nice rough
session back and forth battle starting G
ago David you have very nice skin today
this is not nope you gotta talk some
shit you know what there is something
different about you I couldn't put my
finger on it before but now I know what
it is your hair is Fanta
you really are this is bullshit you're
supposed to talk shit go because David
was rusting the fuck out of you earlier
and you were roasting him back I don't
know what OC just don't like people
compliment me is that what you think yep
alright fuck you too David
mmm-hmm there we go what I'm used to
don't do it why not
there's a giant pill oh yeah yeah I'm
good like avocado to me was like steak
dinner you know to me we're not a road
item season like you know fruits so can
you gonna that's like
cuz it's hella fatty flavorful
constantly into a solid you know
speaking of conquering yourself I was
having dinner with my friend the other
day and this part really tripped me up
so my buddy when he was 21 so you know
how like a lot of guys or all guys
actually all guys think what their dick
write like Joe always talks about he
says at best we're like in early college
you're trying to study and all of a
sudden your pants are at your ankles
yeah I don't either
and then the pornos on it or the
textbooks closed like that happens a lot
of guys right so your dick ruins your
life and my buddy he was like I think he
realized this when he was 21
he's all about conquering his own demons
so for him for a one whole year he vowed
not to jack off or have sex for an
entire year and then when he said that
what the fuck that's fucking crazy not
even my jacket off once a week and I
might do that's fucking crazy how do you
feel about that you think you could do
that because I do have discipline to be
me personally that's too hard huh I know
somebody who has as well go straight up
in like who's in my crew
I can't even stick to a diet for two
days I did it you did I said but you
know what just ovations I said I'm not
gonna jack off or bus enough cuz I'm
saving my fucking cum for you she was my
motivation so you didn't check off for
like 30 days straight each time no every
time like I was like from the day that
like like we would challenge each other
like the no masturbation challenge
and that's like three years ago yeah
I've never try to control jacking off
until three years ago yeah the only
reason why is because I wanna fuck hard
on yourself for what the girl trying to
practice celibacy for no reason the best
kits are written after we checked me
John Kasich I can see that too but you
know what's crazy I see two other bodies
no faces just Bart Jack it off well the
other guy's tracking off but it's like
Bart's body you don't get the sexual
reward until you hey what's up yeah you
don't get the sexual reward until like
you deserved it so I think that's why
it's good because if you're jacking off
then you reward yourself but you it's
like you didn't even deserve it what do
you mean levels do that so like your
reward is locate now you're a great
dancer and you pussies just fly cuz
you're scared but this applied position
you know this bird I've ever seen that's
the most beautiful bird I've ever seen
if birds look like pussies at my fucking
bird
like I just picture the lips a pussy
with wings I love this vlog is gonna
have this conversation and probably at
the end of phase of backbone guys Tiger
is sleeping future that's what comes out
yeah pussy fuck what goes in must come
out yeah you know like we're the idea of
masturbation because like I think for
there's even like that feeling for guys
sometimes too it's like dude I shouldn't
be like jacking off too much reporter I
do feel I feel guilty sometimes yeah I
told you that you know I rush in a porno
you're not watching like or at least
you're not always searching like you you
want to watch something where they're
building a relationship and then they're
making love and then that's the dirty
shit just like they're not really right
but then once you girls do the same
thing yeah then it becomes like okay
like it's not you know you're not like
less of a human for wanting to do it's
like it's a human thing for everybody's
but I want to be less of a human because
it make it turns me on
we said it there's levels to it I'm
never like human being every day but
then I like to pretend that I'm Wolle
you know well you know there's a part
like right after you busted up or
something you like it's super logical
and you think of all these like crazy
and nice things you'd like to do that
should've done that love I shouldn't
watch that or whatever you ever get that
feeling yeah that that right there
sometimes like you gotta go yeah really
sometimes but not really and then you
look at what you're looking at your life
Wow
that mean you're thinking all the shit
you got to still figure out today and
like any ideological sometimes you got
to go through that in order to get back
to the place where you really want to be
like get some work done your pants right
it goes again you're like agitated or
whatever right and that sucks you go you
bust this nut something you come back
and like focus or you're relaxing you're
like you know what I mean you're into
water oh you like the pre studies Jax
the pre study jack yeah it's not like
I'm so holder you need a bosom you know
it's like you just got to get the
jitters out I think the guys yeah and
now being able hind it is the difference
right like a girl might have that same
thing but they're not like like oh shit
I have a boner like I need to deal with
this because I can't do this in the work
space right I can't focus I'm pretty
sure maybe the Chairman but yeah I've
had those horniness is but it's never
been where it's like so much I'm like
fuck I can't fucking focus and it's
repetitive every minute every hour
constantly deal with this yeah you got a
deal with it I got shit to do but at the
same time like I got 15 minutes yep
don't know why geometry is making me
horny right now but I got a rough one
now because I keep reading the same
sentence
no wonder girls did better in school in
elementary school it's not thinking
about fucking I gotta make sure all this
stuff's good I got a sign on my fucking
33.3 km/h as much as I can yeah yeah no
you don't want to just it's not
satisfying if you just like do a quick
one yeah like 20 seconds yeah you gotta
empty out the entire ketchup bottle yep
cuz you know there's quick busts cuz I
gotta get this out of the way real quick
like pow ten minutes but then that's
also not satisfying because the entire
ketchup bottle isn't emptied so there's
still like stuff in there it's more
satisfying if you're able to jack off up
to or after your song about where it's
like that's a premature sex can't do
that it's like believing yourselves like
fucking but the problem the problem with
the split that is though is because a
guy after you have sex maybe two hours
later you have the jack the jack comes
back like what the fuck monster over
your shoulder and fucking the jack is
back like back when I was younger it
made me understand guys sexuality and
like their horniness way better because
there's just jack off because there's
times where like you already finished
jacking off right and you're like fuck
my fucking dick is raw why my fucking
jacking again earlier I was already
fucking coming fucking water it's
already clear and my dick hurts why am I
still robbing and nothing comes out yeah
why am I still jacket but you can't
control it you're still fucking jacking
and it's like the seventh time of the
day no why am I doing this if you like
fucking feels good and it's free
yeah how do you know like put that off
for a year like that's just suffering
yeah this is a PSA a jacking off hey
okay truth you can't give yourself fees
so the cool thing is it gets better with
time and age jacking off gets better
well in the very beginning it's really
good because you're so sensitive and
you're young but then as you get older
your technique gets better and then your
timing gets better and if we actually
have sex with women you can prolonged
your jacking off sessions and then it
gets to the point where you become a
master of jakhary a master of masters
yeah master master yes and it's like
martial arts you know the training you
work on those fine motor skills it is it
is in tension though in tension is like
a very very huge thing that like you
mature to understand like in terms of
your process right like when you
understand why you're doing it it's not
like the fucking you do it every day
point being it's like if your intention
is like I need to relieve myself real
quick then chances are your party bus
real quick or pretensions oh yeah sure
enjoy this yeah I'll be going to you you
know what I mean like spend more time
really like diamonds you're gonna slowly
build up oh my god do it do the mode
it's human it's human babe it's human
it's human well aren't over and over oh
like how like hold off no they're not
burdened with the fucking dick monsters
yeah yeah true
levels yep just got back home from
Russians & Gumi and JK nice and unlike
most times when we come home we see mr.
tyka ma bear already put that guy to bed
like a good mummy
so he's sleeping and the mama has a
little baby monitor to check up on him
to make sure he's okay no he's sleeping
good but um I'm feeling a little bit
better Shinsengumi she does me good
because I get like miso soup and all
kinds of nutrients it was pretty rough
shooting just came here today though I'm
not gonna lie cuz uh I just had a
headache low energy but I try my best
I didn't the last few articles I don't
know if I spoke or not but I try my best
but yeah now I'm home gonna rest and
I'll see you guys tomorrow and I
