weasel hey bikini you look very very
warm in there oh my god um this went to
time now huh yeah it feels so good but
the worst parts getting out in
California winter literally comes like
overnight it was like 80 90 degrees and
all of a sudden like 50 sure wonder what
it but it smells like right now
hey Gibby when they can get up your
freaking silly bear I don't know
well we got it film today I know what's
it right now I don't know probably like
8 10 8 28 stay in bed whispers hold on
you already woke up at least like three
times
oh I could go to sleep right now fine
are you gonna be able to pick me up from
the car wash later yeah
promise yeah you're not gonna fall
asleep in this super comfortable
blankets am i yeah how am I gonna come
pick me up
not very finest leap by now he's kidding
we'll get up right now fine what's the
person
good morning Fani and brig II hey you
big kitty funny damn days look big what
the hell fun just goes in the blankets
now I thought we had a no dog on the bed
policy and now you have dogs underneath
the blankets there's no dog what the
heck is not dog about breaky just know
me oh but you know you won't get in the
bed huh
no one called Brigid get Abed this
party's tail sticking up for me that's
it father gets out really fast doesn't
like it big cutie pie
but Bria like if I put her in here she
stays in here up up Ricky are you ran
away since it's cold now I'm finally
able to wear a long sleeve shirt
not to mention pantalones as well
I bought this flannel actually like I
think over a year ago on the East Coast
and it's a Pendleton so it's like a
high-quality flannel and it came from
hey my fucking mouth got stuck it came
from like a high quality wool or cotton
mill I don't even button it all the way
cut damn it well and then over here this
freakin house Moo is it going on we got
our own club geo it's starting to take
like uh dance lessons because she wants
to be more creatively expressive and
dance is like one of her biggest
passions but uh she feels like she
doesn't have the right tools in her body
to help convey what she feels when she
listens to music so she's really trying
to learn how to do somehow stepping
because that's like one of her favorite
dances and this whole morning since she
woke up she's just been dancing around
in the shower
okay so she's not in the shower that's
chill all morning long Wow show me what
you learned I can't
why oh yeah just show me what you do not
feel the music
so I tell myself it okay go hey dub five
six seven whoo that's what you learn
technically get you jumble in my brain
oh well let's just just feel the music
just groove out what you got why no
you're not I can't ball the cat fine
wait did you not wash your hair no I
don't watch my every day you big stinker
what especially when I make it straight
hair looks my own the next day that's
true thank you a body yeah I do like on
your hair straight see let's see what
you got come on by just by telling I'm
not even here see you can't even control
yourself
but say that this is all I got
but house has a lot of Latin based
movement house has a lot based movement
Oh
this is always ladies her name Samantha
something a bob has a lot of African
based movement in her house stepping out
like my mom but that we you know it's
like bitch right now they have the lot
of this they go like that on right yeah
whatever
but then this out lady like first shit
I've never even seen it before
she has all this stuff in it it's not
like bogey not really yes you know it's
like a different so here they don't have
unless it controls all you love the
music I'm so happy that you're taking
these classes why because I know how
much you like to dance and I know how
much you like sit like like you really
feel the music almost every single
morning every single one which takes a
shower show us out the music bump in
she's always dancing in the shower so I
know how much you like to express
yourself through dance and it's a
creative outlet you know and it's
different from like making skits and
it's different from making a business
out of it it's just like it's very like
visceral primal feeling when you just
feel the music just like yeah and that's
you do a hundred percent so I'm glad to
hear you're learning the tools to be
able to express yourself more completely
and about Asian movement I like the fact
that because my friend Anthony cuz he
really like he understands me like I
says he's a friend there are these
teaching me in a way where is like cool
you're my homie I'm really going to take
you know maybe like that student but
it's just that much more about the
connection of Kenneth so it's like cool
like he was your honor every week today
you know buddy said that those really
nice what he says he owes where he's at
now
a lot does is people the incursion and
push them to pursue anymore sometimes it
was like three years ago the settings on
the fence
he ended up wanted to pursue a passion
of dance or stay and like mark a new job
that he had at school yeah and then we
push them towards I presume is reach and
now he's going to open up his own dance
studio like he exists rating something
that's awesome was like man like when
you asked me if Mikey teach you how to
dance it was like this is finally my
chance of your vaunted JK in some way oh
well you didn't even win though we
should pick someone else to teach you
actually won but what do you think about
the dance money I just dropped off the
silver bell at the car wash and mama
bears right on time skim it up pick me
up mama bear coming I'm coming
mama bear I'm coming mama bears you
didn't wash lock me out with a fork
ticking I don't know up there so not
only do we have s the kid are rude
wanted what i listening to nice here UPS
KROQ all caps what doesn't belong to you
back KROQ which is k rock is uh it's a
alternative radio rock station in Los
Angeles and they play stuff like Green
Day all the new stuff that's coming out
like Mumford & Sons or
taking down or whatever all those crazy
and names are even though they come all
these bad names but they also have some
of the best morning talk shows and
nighttime talk shows if you guys
actually tuned in at night some of you
guys outside of La might even get this
shown is called love line with dr. Drew
and that she's amazing so smart so
intelligent and like people can call in
a book
hello and I'm like uh your dad molested
you as a kid yeah buddy
fuck how did you know and for some
reason like he can just spot things out
like he can listen to some what and he
look like you're on xanax right now and
he just knows these things it's crazy
isn't it crazy how doctor journal all
these things yeah it's quite amazing
sometimes you would feel you would think
that he's like a magician or a psychic
of some sort because they don't really
even give much information it's based on
you know words that they choose or how
they pronounce certain words or the
another speech pattern then he'll be
able to decipher you know what their
past is all about I'm like what the fuck
that's awesome I remember the other day
we were listening to this guy and he
calls anyway I know like fucking my
boner it's like every time I see my wife
like I get a boner like
and then the other guy was like let me
guess you're 24 and it's just silent
goes how do you know and they just know
these things oh I gotta put my seat belt
on I'm making noises got a buckle up I
got so excited to see mom fare yeah I
forgot to put my seat belt on thank you
you know what's crazy I was around in a
time where seat belts at least in
California weren't as in force as they
are now and I remember that would get in
the car and putting on a seat belt was
such a hassle it was optional yeah I was
optional and then um now I can't even
imagine like no it just became muscle
memory you know where I get in the car
and like that's just a routine like it
has to go on or else I feel off but it's
crazy to like see that the time change
like that yeah I remember that there was
actually like this transition period
where I was going from optional to
mandatory and it was such a pain in the
ass because it wasn't part of everyone's
workflow yet that they had cars with
automatic seatbelts remember the ones I
would be on the door so I can he closed
the door like it would just slide over
you because it's it was such a pain in
the ass even put one on but now like
we're all used to it cuz it came to law
and it became the way of life but I
remember that it had that and then and
then I think even the automatic
seatbelts wasn't saving enough lives so
they were saying once they had the new
seatbelt law in effect if a cop pulls
you over and you have your seat belt on
but it's the automatic seat belt and you
didn't put on your own mid-waist
seatbelt the one that goes like right
here you can still get a ticket Wow
is that crazy yeah I remember I wanted
my mom to get one of those cars but the
automatic seatbelt like that was like
the new shit my mom had a Corolla that
it lucky I show is annoying as fuck Oh
it the grass is always greener yeah cuz
like since it being is slow after you
close the door it goes dish and then you
have to wait for it and then you can
take off so the car won't turn on no
yeah well but then it just won't drive
like properly I'll make all kinds of
weird like buzzing noises and not like
cars like they alert you yeah babe like
what kinda like what happen right now
yeah not you
yeah where we going right now mama Belle
McDonald oh your favorite place in the
whole wide universe I mean you guys give
it to me so much that I think it's
becoming oh no no no no I'm not turning
from a frown to a little smile no no no
you want me to like it
I don't worry like I know you love
they're ready I don't love it
he knows very cute me I like it though
he knows very CUNY when you were dancing
this morning I was a kid I loved
watching you dance
Thanks it looks so cute I love watching
you dance s every time you start dancing
I just stop whatever I'm doing and watch
you you promise all the time you never
noticed me stare you I think I'm about
to make fun of me
why when do I make fun of you when you
dance never yeah but look at this guy
speaking of the devil
devil yeah we're speaking about you I
woke up at like 9 57 I like shit
showered and everything your hair whoa
wherever did there's been a while oh my
god yeah hey I didn't cut it yet it's
the same yeah it's the same are you are
you cooking you need you need this to
handle your keychain Gio was telling me
about the dance class you guys had hello
oh you really need one yeah yeah you
know this reminds me of in the best way
possible
Sonic the Hedgehog yeah yeah I learn
about how to start
I'll show you photos later okay I
remember we had that haircut
yes I do you're in Australia with that
haircut no I think that's the first time
we met him actually you you had you had
that haircut when we're on that Wong foo
music video set with David David David
David Choi David Choi am i right
oh no yep I know I'm right I swear this
is like a like one else just doesn't
feel sunnyhills
fully to 2006 no you had that haircut
when I met you the first time and you
were fat remember we met Anthony was fat
yeah he lost a bunch of weight huh when
I met you guys you said you'll never you
married what do we say that no probably
understood that and it didn't invite you
to the wedding
uh-huh you were at the wedding
I don't know wait time about I put your
my baggage in it oh yeah I thought I
heard another rapper right huh
oh it's just keys are you ready to beat
Tommy
see who's the best seal the best tech
guy is today the homie bleep warriors
won last night so it's gonna be a good
day hey get your clippers I did it did
all Kings well defeat it oh shit oh damn
you're live on Fox News TV so it's just
that because we were just talking about
how like in America is crazy and Joe
wants to make his own country because
Americans are creepy right and so pretty
much I was asking like what do you think
is it about America that we are just so
fuckin crazy
and then I I I prepped my next statement
with this might sound fucking crazy but
do you think maybe it's like a whole
like government conspiracy thing where
they like drug our food and water and
shits and like me and there's like
certain people that are really sensitive
to it and those little ones I go crazy
yeah well or I dunno toothpaste the shit
that dumbs us down I think Americans are
crazy I think people are just crazy yeah
I agree I think the human race is just
crazy and America because we have less
rules it allows it and another countries
like Singapore would have way harsher
rules
it keeps the crazy people and check that
need like some people need negative
reinforcement yeah it brings about
government conspiracy because then why
yes they have solutions to control that
I got looking creeping people like that
like in other countries no no we're
saying everyone's crazy it's human
nature to be crazy so you don't even
need food at every country there's crazy
people I guess what I'm saying is your
government waters the crazy in America
to be crazy because then it creates shit
and then we run to the government for
help because we're like oh we need more
police like we need more uh you know the
government to be more involved because
there's so many creators it's it goes
back to the whole like conspiracy the
whole 9/11 thing to of like the
government did it because they wanted
the whole entire country to run to the
government and see like
there's there's so many different
possibilities because fear-mongering is
a pretty big thing of what America does
to keep people when you keep people
afraid to keep in control yeah yeah but
I don't know which one is really a
chicken or the egg
or yeah you know you don't know which
one is which because if you're an
intelligent person with good
self-control America is a great place to
be because there's a lot of freedom for
you to pursue happiness and do a lot of
things and but they expect a person to
be independent and discipline but if
you're a fucking if you need someone to
father you if you need someone to give
you control if you can't control
yourself then a government like
Singapore is way better because a
government like Singapore will keep you
in check with negative reinforcement so
I think it depends I think America
should change their logs depending on
how fucking stupid people are so if
you're fucking dumb as fuck and needed a
lot of control then it's Singapore laws
but if you don't need that much control
that you get American laws I think
that's also one of the reasons why a lot
of Asians they come here and they kill
it because America is land of freedom
the land of options and if you actually
have the discipline to act on whatever
your passions are you can actually
achieve it and a lot of Asians they grow
up in a super strict environment so they
have nothing but discipline so when they
come here and they are able to operate
in a free environment a lot of them they
just succeed there's a lot of people
that come from another country that are
already lacks too they come here and
they just still the same like just
because it moved to America doesn't mean
that they're gonna succeed cuz they
already come from a very relaxed country
that's right oh you do you have the
whole day free finally on Thursday
next week next or next week or not this
week oh nice we all know this week
you're gonna pretend like you're busy
what do you got going on today I don't
know how to work really hard cuz we lost
the damn show you notice oh yeah yeah W
yeah sucks
yeah better luck next time
hey that's that's a rice krispy there's
a 200 second rule come on you still got
plenty of time 200 seconds you got
playing time they go god damn you're
wasting all the JK money if you want you
want to have money to buy more fine fine
truce or not no god damn it why you said
how's the honorary kenja dude it does
chooses with their left here fine
truce no it's already too late that's
like no you told me I was the honorary
Kendra the other day yeah when that time
he came over and they're like you put a
samurai sword on my neck like on
shameless plug you're like now I Knight
you a Kinjo and I was like thanks and I
started moonwalking damn it kiss me the
only that man-bun bars one jug like an
announcer like Nunez
there's tons of moments in here it's all
about moments it's all about sentimental
moments our old really small things in
here yeah we got the Silver Bear back
hey you like it when it looks washed or
not looks washed but when it is washed
it is huh it's so crazy like every time
after I washed this car it makes me feel
like I just got a brand new car look at
that angled Oh does it look sick yeah
pretty
colors really nice what's really cool is
that uh so because I'm also baller on a
budget so I know I wanted a Porsche but
I didn't have the funds to get like a
ball and a sport I could only get the
base model Porsche but I still really
wanted a Porsche that limited the amount
of colors I could choose from so I could
either get a white black silver and I
think that's it I think those are the
only colors that I could choose from and
I was kind of stuck originally since I
really like black and I like really like
dark aggressive colors I was so stuck on
black cause I have to get black I have
to get black but Jill was the one I was
like have you seen the silver Porsche
though and I was like not really and she
goes just think about it it's gonna look
really good and at first I was kind of
like second-guessing oz I don't know I
really like black stuff but it's true
like when you pick a car you can't just
arbitrarily pick a color you know like
different shapes different forms
accentuates or gets accentuated by
different colors so some colors some
cars I look good in black they look
horrible in another color and vice versa
and I'm really glad that my mama bear
help me pick yes this color cuz look at
this it makes the car yeah makes the car
look like three times more expensive
than what it really is even though it is
really expensive but it just makes it
look way more expensive because of the
car or the color I keep mixing up those
words but when I see like a black
Porsche now on the street when it's
completely washed I'm like thank
goodness pop yeah nothing no offense to
all those guys are owned black Porsches
out there but I'm just really happy with
my silver and then it got even more
validated when the new James Bond movie
came out and spectra and I saw the the
trailer and he has a silver car I know
it's not a Porsche but Aston Martin but
the silver tint is like this pin and I
was like oh they be copying my style
just kidding that movies probably had
been in production for the past three
years
but how do you feel to have the silver
bareback and whining ready to be driven
all over the place awesome
even I don't drive it in much John
driver later after we eat what I don't
know I like not having to worry about
stick I like it when you drive stick is
hot when a man handle that stick bikini
let's see loss how smooth boom boom boom
Chicka Boom Chicka Boom Chicka Boom
Chicka Boom Chicka Boom Chicka Boom
Chicka Boom Chicka Boom dump them pump
damper tempo but now put this boom put
down put down got skills mama even do
anything beef it's good I really do
I didn't try to beat I try to take a
smaller portion yeah the chicken was
pretty good that I got it last time I
didn't get the beat left we'll try again
I was gonna say make carne asada Oh a
flower okay
their beef or chicken magic
can I have the chili Carina good reason
the chile relleno yeah and then could I
also get chicken too
what am I going to get when I get them
nothing can I get um well do you have
anything was one soapy and one tostada
yeah the sampler oh oh can I just see
the tostada in here is that okay okay I
have one sober one - Ostara carne asada
the Tejas sampler for both of them yeah
and then a small small chicken soup
chicken for me oh maybe I should get the
chicken soup - this is if the meat is
harness all arrived for the same fate
okay okay I like harness fire
to start a - oh can I get carne asada at
Jetta and can I also have the foil soup
it's really good boy oh boy oh boy oh
boy oh welcome
yes please I love guacamole bah can I
get up a little bit of flour thank you
thank you so much you guys all got the
skirt steak I love you guys yeah three
Wow
next time I might have to get it - I'm
gonna try it oh please mom oh yeah track
your macros this is I've been hating my
numbers oh but it's it's like it's like
ouch after a while it is that's all is
kind of scared I wanted to get the pork
but I was scared I was like if I eat ru
snapchatting you freakin weirdo I was I
was scared that like if I ate a whole
plate of it it was gonna make my mouth
burn - it goes away though it burns and
it goes away so it might be doable I
might get the fork next time oh it did
go away yeah sorry didn't miss you up no
you're just in your native tongue so I
was fine with it
that'd be like me going soy sauce are
you adding weird people in there you
could add weird people and snapchat yeah
doesn't even make sense
that's interesting snapchat so
interesting oh that's that guy oh shit
10/10 most Tim Oh Tim delageteau
Dietrich alright animation favorite cars
this right here's one of my favorites
this it looks like that I believes the
Mazda has hi it's the BMW i8 I love
myself a nice I was yet the SEMA show
yet SEMA the big ass car show sorry
well when you shit yourself the worst uh
I used to work more construction in San
Diego for a company that we make
concrete countertops and they were
really fucking heavy they're like really
heavy so you have like this long piece
of concrete you have like five dudes
right you bet what - you lifted fuck and
I guess that days as I fucking exerted
the pressure house where I like Dickey's
cut off short sound construction that's
always liquid it's gonna be leaving dad
dig Lee's cutoff shorts they're already
shorts you cut them even shorter pants
that are cutting okay so it looks frayed
and look no my point was I knew their
shorts you can see like the little thing
like running down Oh disgusting round
River you just walk away be like yo I
just saw abs I put the shit down I shit
myself and alright
I'm gonna shop I went in there they're
all laughs and going in there I went to
the bathroom I clean myself off and I
wrapped my much soiled underwear in the
duct tape
no that tells like a ball duct tape now
what fucking home I like I work in the
rest of the day good let's go man
it's cool they understand yeah I like
how real you were though you're like I
shit myself we're putting this down
there was no like like fake flowers no
get around kid that's crazy
that's me to like I shit myself
hi you just have to be shameless about
it yes I have one last time I was in
seventh grade though what dad told what
happened I'll probably repeat them to
get to know me video but you haven't
shit yourself as an adult you're not
adult you're not an adult
that's the initiation I got with old
diaper I got adult now I should have had
no I thought shit myself was in seventh
grade and I remember what I don't I
guess I'm gonna make a habit of shitting
myself usually so when it did happen in
seventh grade it was it was one of those
where like okay oh one I don't like
shitting in public places I always have
to shit at home in the privacy of my own
home my own bathroom is that's where it
feels comfortable and that's where my
butthole is a shy but in public though
it gets it gets shy so I'm like at I'd
rather not sit on the toilet and have to
force it out so I'm like I'll just wait
till I get home this is like seven
periods so it's like there's eight
periods seventh period I'm like okay I
can I can I can do this
and then it's just I'm just sitting
there and then randomly I'm just like
fuck it's really coming out and then
finally did come out and I was like in
class yeah in class I just said I was
sitting I wasn't being active you
already were pushing it or anything no I
was just like holding my oh shit now
just like oh it came out and therefore
like I think a good maybe like the last
20 minutes of that period I was like I
didn't happen it didn't happen like I'm
not gonna check it didn't happen I can't
happen to me and so I I just rested upon
so it wasn't like a big like fuck
and I'll get out of here cuz you'll
start to smell it yeah no I don't think
you smell it but then it was the fact
that I shat myself and I I wasn't I was
in disbelief I didn't want to believe it
so I didn't really check and it wasn't
until the bell rang
I find got up and I found I kind of
moved around although oh yeah there it
is yeah this times it's KC story
I saw your time for embarrassing
yourself in seven phrases
yeah we're neuro when her older doesn't
really matter anymore no my trick to the
bathroom medicine period and then uh
Kevin Collins got rid of all the
evidence at least it was dry
yeah how I mean it was like a soft
result that was naughty I would hear it
when your when your owner you would
never shit yourself with dry shit
Nora I feel happy I should at a time is
smeared all over my fucking blood sheet
man oh yeah side I was wiping fucking
from the slide oh god that's nasty
no dude imagine doing that while
laughing and tearing at the same time
yeah all right time to film hmm I was
all probably for to like no I have a
shit my pants the day after the day
after I know dude I fucking ate a poor
guy this is why Joanie to be a
billionaire look at this shit
better those belong to Isaac by the way
that's all Joe
you guys ready to jam yeah alright five
six seven eight go what did the
percussion go there we go hey I think
you're the snake you're the snake ready
let's do this together and I'll find me
a soap box what is
you
Oh
