all right I'm on a break a lunch break
right now but I had a pretty filling
breakfast this morning so I'm actually
not hungry and not really in the mood
for any sort of lunch so I'm actually um
so I'm actually going to get a manicure
because look at how gross my nails look
right now like they're so cheap so um
I'm lucky enough that my nail place is
like literally three minutes away from
the office so I'm going to get my nails
done in the two hour lunch break that we
have right now it's going to be pretty
freakin awesome and this car drives
really slow okay and so does this one
and she decides about me awesome
everyone has the same idea during lunch
time I click the cross
tripping
but yeah at the tower lunch break which
is awesome because I didn't I'm also
very sleepy and I would like to take a
nap if that's all possible so let's go
to bed
it is cool cuz at TIFF and I had the
same thing in mind so we're going to see
TIFF getting our nails day two at the
same place so I'll walk in and I'll show
you guys what if is doing huh so nice to
be efficient with your time I'm really
naughty for drawing my dad knows this is
the hardest decision ever
Purple's are nice letters nice I can
nail polish my nails down the homegirl
but get her supernatural fingers what
color are you going with oh they took it
away right yeah I took it away but if
they come for the fall you buy you would
you decide well there's that whole wall
back there
of like a million colors and I'm a very
indecisive person and I was between ten
colors um and then you were going
through purple and my uh purple sounds
good I'm like ah but I don't want a copy
and I was gonna copy but then I went
with a complete opposite pink
are you staying there forever and I'm
like damn brother life decision
it is girl with the life's decision have
to live with it for like two three weeks
maybe even a month because I get gel and
this thing lasts forever
all kind of look at how bootleg my like
my legs my nails look right now but I
have the hardest time letting them grow
this is actually kind of the longest
I've ever had my nails but now it's
chipping really yeah it looks now
they're still pretty manly everly big
hands and then people talk about my
thumb all this time I used to be really
weirded out about my thumb I don't
really care anymore
good I used to come to places like this
and then they would talk in their
language and I always felt like they
were talking about my thumb
we're talking on my thumb but I don't
care
um in a lot of different Asian culture
specifically Korean they said that it
means that you have this thumb it's the
snakehead and it means you're gonna have
a lot of money I know where's mine yet
I'm very poor I have no money I like you
I really do like let me put the aluminum
ball on the tips ready to Guamanian
yeah well uh all done I meant with the
pink I don't know if you can even see it
oh there it is yay I'm a girl again
and TIFF is a girl again - I like that
color
what is it into the blue yeah pretty it
looked more purplish on the on the
bottle but yeah I turned out to be more
blue it did look purple actually isn't
pretty and now she's doing the UV like
since it's gel and it dries right away I
love gel so much ladies out there if
you've never done gel missing out on
life - the gel not worry about chipping
dang Sarge that arm yeah I'm not trying
to have like this issues to be more of
like my everyday thing so we're not
trying to have like stunt doubles and
you know that's not that's not what we
want to do defencemen that looks like
David no one's as weird and fucking ugly
as David first stunt double
okay
I mean look like yeah mrs. Patel about
it I think she's no she's a corn chip so
okay this is garbage
use the funny one to one shit training
yeah what chord that shit let's see
what's the other but first you got to
get that fucking hair out of your way
you're all blowing going through rape
training fucking demolish demolisher
babe your dad Tiffany you want to use
this a back scratcher
so if I came across the girl be over
here this one's a day that's dangerous
babe that one's sharp bounds real hold
on it it's okay this and then uh watch
this and I get this look upon this point
I get to pick it up and then somehow the
extra tool here so I'm not supposed to
let you cross it no it's gonna be a
barehanded rapist can I go over so Bart
would you guys use this okay no that's a
cleansing so bart has crazy oh lord has
crazy dimension he's almost like a
zombie now and he's trying to really
kill you and he already hooked Casey
Casey's hurt behind please you have to
protect Casey now you know it's crazy
though when bar charges after you dude
it's just him running toward you is
already scary nightly me I guess I sold
hit my forearm for sore for three days I
get I see him running towards me and I
just get stiff and I'm like God please
just help me just let it happen really
quick
this is this is what I do I go Oh guys
quick Oh and i brace myself oh why don't
you use another snake
you're dead Tiffany I know you're dead I
love you but you're dead here we go
tip get ready can I go over there yeah
well thank you wait how does she know
she got you dude Kevin oh it's a stab
yes yes now okay so pumping three times
okay Hey oh good Oh get rake all right
can I hit you like this or is it only
like that you can really I feel like
fucking beat you like yes thing for real
good Joe's answering for Bart yet with
all your mind Rupa ha ha ha are you
ready ok ready
oh wow the Sun is fabulous she got raped
you have a warrior fucking Peter I
fucking like normally training ok if you
tag Bart once with this then oh yeah
actually you shouldn't be able to hold
this cuz it's the blade you know what I
think you did wrong this way anyone
teach me you have a spear and you're
fighting like this and all this behind
it look like if you creep this is you
got to be like back here and then you
can put boom see you play like that
ok good that's right and pull and if you
grab the Pierre spear Travis order and
start swinging around or something hey
oh wait grab you anything of any and go
there go - I got him
okay oh I like how she's prancing in
this spot you on the face of it I don't
know why because you have to do it I
don't want to hurt him though oh my in
front of us are behind it you can
position it good job wait what's the
best buddy no good so three times yeah
okay you got a title three times one two
three go one more time oh no you're not
your head you can do this one more time
once I eat 104 said you didn't mind one
more time ah forget forgetting elbow or
whatever
now he has a shield oh don't look at me
fucking focus on him one two three go oh
you would've got in there oh you got a
good
that was good that's good nice good yeah
yeah yeah yeah great job too though yeah
I'm so fun if we just ran out I'm Emma
major and then we can just do a training
session yeah my sound I'm so down yeah
but when he carried me you didn't catch
you cuz it you had a nuts yeah she was
grabbed yeah sounds good Oh babies you
should do it again
nah and if we have protective gear too
then I think everyone will feel more
comfortable for you could go full on I
think you just didn't know what to do
this does look scary though when you see
like oh yeah whoo whoo
can we hit you whoo and at the same time
you had your watch on and everything
that was good you use your feet see
that's really good
what happens if you don't love it would
you turn your back where we do this real
now what he did yeah y'all do it do good
see that's good really good fuck yo what
am I trying to do though you just not
don't let me get you yeah don't let her
get you when we're in attack - OH - stop
fucking smiling huh all right right
right right
everybody got you count okay
oh I want to lick them I might be sock
in your head
no thank you ah it's hard together I'll
find me a soap box where is shouted
she was like well he doesn't look like a
bad person I'm like wait what do you
mean he goes she was like shot this
morning when I was reading the group me
I was like you know what's crazy um Bart
got caught driving without a license and
going and speeding
