this is my CUNY mapa at the morning time
I don't think it's like Union is vacant
she's very beautiful
and she loves it when I grab them think
it like called the Foley side like that
like do I think we're gonna rip the
blankie awfully warm body we tuck them
see she likes to be like I'll let that
Chewbacca even though I never watched
hours but I know how he is Bob are you
ready to wake up gotta wake up today a
lot of stuff to do I think I'm off the
workout and then between eating and I
have to take a party after me so you
have to go there in the morning again
okay oh no
why don't you go right now you can knock
down one hour of working now because cuz
it feels too good in the blink of stuff
Mikey's already planned fine you know
everyone misses you at the gym no really
yeah you don't want to just get that by
now I can't pop already on my date
planned
I'm gonna go morning coup you mean yeah
yeah
listen to the diet
so morbid
you bikini mama bear I love you ma bear
I hate you for me I'm gonna marry you
one day you just confused everybody what
no way I thought they were me I always
say that because even know what marry
that's very CUNY to get every day say oh
come marry you and then you go I don't
come marry you - you pick weasel even
though I didn't married we just like
saying that finding that pleasure put it
like a presser that kill you you know
you're dead that damn in life you know
it's been stuck in ask these days so um
I just finished working out and I'm
actually in a rush now because I came
home and had everything planned out and
I knew I was gonna do today but then the
plumber end up coming because we have
this shower problem where like the water
wasn't dreaming and then also the
kitchen sink wasn't draining properly
just cuz it's a older house so whoever
came and have to talk to him and it so
kind of pushed my schedule back by about
like 20 30 minutes but what sucks is in
addition to that I have the hardest time
finding parking there's all these
freaking cars on my street and it's cuz
I don't know what's going on but I live
next to a college and this college for
some reason all the students want to
park on my street and now I gotta walk
all the way around the block which means
I'm adding more time to my schedule ah
don't you guys hate it when that happens
we're like you have everything planned
out perfectly and then you got chill
time we don't even got grace period you
like a mountain late
if I'm late like five minutes here or
seven minutes there I'll be fine
but I still got to get lunch and my
watch isn't even on the wrong time so I
forgot to put it in the winder so I
don't even know what time it is but I
gotta be at JK party soon and now I'm
still walking into my car but I'm
finally here
uh-oh yeah holy shit I just got so lucky
right now so I was speeding like a
motherfucker on the freeway and I must
have been going really fast
probably like triple digits and then
there's a CHP officer right in front of
me I slam on my brakes oh that can stay
behind him and I went all the way back
down it's like 49 miles an hour but he
still pulled me over and then I was like
fuck I'm already late and I'm like fuck
and I didn't get food yet and he pulled
me over and I like when he came to the
side of me I immediately said I'm so
sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry it's
my fault I shouldn't have been speeding
I'm late to work and he took my I didn't
have my wallet I left in such a rush I
forgot my fucking wallet at home look
fucking up right now and he asked for my
registration insurance I gave it all to
him and he checked me for my ID my he
was testing me for my license number is
testing me for my birthday and it was
testing it for my name and all that
stuff and I got alright and then I was
just home I'm so sorry I was late for
work and I was being a responsible my
wallet on me and he was super nice he
was nice enough to let me go he just
told me that he was really cool about
cuz he was like dude bro just chill out
I'm like damn that's a really cool
officer and at the meanwhile while he
was taking my insurance and my
registration back to the car I was
texting Tommy all that yo can someone
why didn't text time you have a JK films
group me and I was like yo can someone
please pick me up lunch for me and Gio
cuz I'm running late and I got pulled
over and Tommy came through like the
true homey he actually already pulled
through the drive-thru got something for
Joanie went back again for me so shout
out to Tommy thank you so much for
hooking me up and so now I just pulled
over I just want to know that you guys
know what the hell happened so please
try to give yourself more time me
included instead of I gotta give myself
like 15-20 minutes leeway because this
is not safe to drive like that for more
number two I get pulled over and that's
a additional couple hundred dollar
ticket for speeding and all I have to do
just suck it up a little bit and just
wake up a little bit early because
sometimes shit does happen sometimes
your car your street does get full of
cars and then sometimes the plumber has
to come through and unclog some shit and
you never know you know like if you if
you have your entire day like ass packed
all it takes is one little monkey and
the wrench or whatever the fucking
saying is and it could throw off your
whole day and have a domino effect and
that's what happened today so now I just
gotta kind of chill out and then but all
right cool there's no need to rush I'm
here now I'm gonna get food I didn't get
a ticket the day is good and collect
myself and then I could have a good
performance one filming got the homie
Lou in the house I don't know you're
gonna be in JK party today
Oh snaps rape oh look at the fresh kicks
forty bucks that's tight you know what's
crazy all right I just got pulled over
right now Jim yeah I was going way too
fast I think like 120 to be honest why
cuz I thought so gonna be late and I had
to get food but then the homie Tommy
came through and he told me in the groom
he's gonna pick up food for me do you
got a ticket no he let me go oh no he
didn't I got lucky that's so lucky oh I
know it's dangerous
Oh guess what what I hit 335 for a
triple on beds today what how did you do
that I don't know I think the Pope's
been helping me you have to teach me
I had 315 for triple than 325 for a
triple yeah and then uh 335 feet tired
no I feel pretty good
that's probably like a rpe 9.9 yeah I
was almost about to grind I'm trying to
be more Russian and not grind and try to
have smooth hamstrings
yeah it's Americans trying to have some
smooth sets well Barbara yeah no way no
way 18 no way
Julia Julia gulia hi Julia I'll see you
inside
bye bye the homie bleep what happened
all right so I was driving pretty fast
on the freeway what are you worried
about me getting a Tigger me being
unsafe and about to lose your husband
all the time like you're unsafe
every single time that I'm not around so
I have to deal with that and like my
nerves are no ready but high but I'm
just like damn it
we're trying to save up for babies spend
all that money on a car on a ticket I
know how I was responsible not gonna do
that anymore
thank you mom I know you think they're
gonna call me Paul Walker I am pretty
good-looking probably eight and a half I
don't know
it uses really nice way
the first person to walk me through your
makeup process know why I own it okay
see I'm like very disappointed when they
see my makeup routine in my hair routine
but they literally do like a bare
minimum well I don't know anything about
makeup so anything you tell me it's
interesting what are you doing right now
right now I'm using this it looks like
the powder that the bad guys throw in
the good guys eyes in the movies and
then I filled in my eyebrows this thingy
eyeliner mascara what being a do for I
wrote what do you mean you fill in her
eyebrows don't you already have eyebrows
I do but I have really thin eyebrows
like right here
you see oh shit they're so thin it
melted what the hell is that it looks
like a freaking pad of Dookie I guess
they call it eyebrow gel but it's really
like so I kind of like fix your hairs to
your eyebrows oh so it's like gel for
eyebrows oh they don't look all like
crazy it doesn't make it hard so kind of
like which I kind of don't like I touch
it
it does like it does feel like Vaseline
feels like a point man of some sort I
never use though it comes with it I
never use it and then what do you do
next well you came too late I already
finished yeah first like you know I put
concealer and then I liquid was that
foundation yeah nation that's the only
thing I know about makeup and then I
said it all with this powder foundation
like clever girl which I really like and
it's really cheap I have two different
kinds of blush this is like a shimmery
one and then this one is less shimmery
it's like a bronzer so then okay like I
guess it depends what kinda move today I
chose this one so it's like a little
more shape those dark so close supposed
to be there oh it's the true homie Tommy
we're the true homey Tommy go he brought
in the McDonald's baby but he
disappeared true homie Tommy true homie
Tommy true homie Tommy
that's Tommy the true homie do you need
help
true homies damn were you ever a waiter
yeah you got skills
oh thanks Tommy you're the true homie
now my stomach won't be growling all day
the true homie taught me do you want
lunch baby i'ma bring it to you so you
could work while eating it so this is
what I order from McDonald's today I am
on a bulk so my calories and my macros
are a lot more lenient of course I got
to get things started with coke with
extra ice the most delicious drink ever
no that's life and then I got the
McDouble got to get some beef in you and
then I got the filet-o-fish you gotta
get some fish and then you can't forget
the McDonald's signature french fries
and then I got a spicy chicken to get
proteins from all different sources to
have a well-balanced meal and napkins oh
look what I found
oh the French fry at the bottom of the
bag good good I feel like that girl over
there right now that those are come
napkins by the way I just when I was in
a rush and then I was just being very
apologetic I'm like dude I'm so sorry
why did they do if I'm like I'm so sorry
I'm in such a mess right now I am late
for work I live I work right next over
there yeah because it also closes like
right off the 710 so I was like two
blocks away yeah and then oh yeah and I
think I left my wallet at home
and then yeah and then he walked through
the car yeah and then he came back and
he goes hey just just chill out no need
to speed you know thank you so much and
I thought he was gonna give me a ticket
but he did it that's what happened to me
it's gotta be our cars dude honestly I
think it is why people experience I know
why people get all the warnings because
I told Jessica this in a didn't faze her
machine she always like gets a pass or
most of the time I don't know she just
she was like well he doesn't look like a
bad person I'm like wait what do you
mean he goes she was like shot this
morning when I was reading the goop mean
I was like you know what's crazy um Bart
got caught driving without a license and
going and speeding and then they let him
go away
and then I thought she was gonna be like
oh my god really but she was like oh but
he doesn't look like a bad person I'm
like what is there some kind of
conspiracy that all white people
understand that we don't know because
cuz I never have happened back in the
day exactly if we were driving a
different car without a license and
going 20 miles over the speed limit they
would have told our car impounded it
they would have brought it they wouldn't
we would have been fuckin fucked back in
the day I would just be driving one time
I was driving I had a like a lowered
Civic and the guy just pulled me over
and he told me to get out of the car he
starts interrogating me makes me sit on
the curb and he asked me if I stole it
and I'm like what the fuck and then I
was asking I was trying to be polite too
and I was I sir can you tell me like
what infraction I committed or what did
I do wrong and then he goes you let me
do the let me do the interrogation on my
fuck and then he let me go cuz of course
he doesn't have anything on me but I
think he just pulled me over just to dig
some shit up but honestly with like that
I think the nice car theory is true
where they're like probably no we can
afford lawyers and stuff so they don't
want to do it so I'm minority with a
nice car is equal is a white person with
a regular car so we finished filming and
I come out and it's all dark now which
is crazy and it's all cold well at least
it's cold for California people as you
can see we got sweaters sweater sweaters
sweaters so uh what's cold for us
anything under sixty degrees is
considered freezing for California
people's butts because normally we're
like 85 90 degree weather all year round
and then look Jules putting on a double
sweater it's probably like sixty degrees
because it's a drastic change so like
fart was explaining and everybody
interrupted it's it's yeah we have this
extreme heat during the day but then at
night it's like a crazy significant drop
so your body doesn't it can't adjust so
quickly but yeah it's 60 degrees I know
it's fucking snowing where the fuck
you're living and I know that people die
and get freaking like gangrene when
they're just walking to the supermarket
and they get frostbite and the ears fall
off I know all that but for California
the land of bitches in terms of being
little wimps and pussies guys we get
cold but I'm still gonna short but I
just feels good I enjoy feeling like the
chilliness I never get a chance to feel
I think for me my body temperatures my
like five people but most people feel
good I'm sweating and I feel like beads
of sweat going bad on my back but most
people are feeling cold and I'm like
this feels good so right now this
actually feels really good for me even
though everyone's wearing a sweater but
man I wish you guys could have seen what
happened JK party right now I had to
drink this crazy ass mix of a shake it's
like some sort of thing Gio went to
Blogilates place kasi hos place and it
played some game where you got to mix
together like depending on if you know
how to answer the question right you put
ingredients into a cup she brought that
game over here but of course JK we don't
do things a normal way we're a bunch of
motherfucking crazy ass motherfuckers so
my cup had wasabi sriracha sardines
apple juice olives and ham and it was so
nasty I almost threw up as soon as I
drink and soda Lou and then Josh
actually did throw up and it was so
nasty but at least now we get to get
some food and wash that down the system
what I found that was unique about me
there's a lot of people once they eat
something nasty or
at the time they can't eat anymore eat
anymore for me it's nasty but I'm like
that's cool I still gotta eat cuz I
gotta fill this fucking big eyes bale
belly of mine and my bears just there
waiting because you got to go and get
some food cuz the day isn't over we got
more meetings we got more meeting the
film for five hours we still got my
meetings my old meetings and mo means
and muhfucka mo means this is a rare
sight of downtown LA cuz normally
especially during the day there's a lot
of smog and you are unable to see this
beauty before you I have just rained
yesterday and it rained so it definitely
clears all that smog up look at that
it's gorgeous though you know I've
always complained about our skyline
because I've traveled to different
states in different countries and
they're downtown it's just like 20
million times better than ours but then
it actually hit me when someone
mentioned they're like well you know
what I think that we don't have or
California doesn't have a lot of
skylines
because it's like earthquake town yeah
we have epic earthquakes all the time
but we haven't had an earthquake and I
think the last like 10 years like a
major or maybe even 20 years yeah so
it's it's really scary and that dog is
huge as hell that is a fucking horse on
a leash holy guacamole shall eat it damn
but about that skyline though yeah so
then once they mentioned that I was just
like that is true like we don't get
tornados we don't get tsunamis you know
we don't have any other natural
disasters that we have to really worry
about
but earthquakes is the ones that
yet so I'm like okay it makes sense why
we don't build hi finally back at one of
my favorite places in the universe I'm
gonna have to get the beef udon
I know beef ponzu pork kimchi spinach
garlic people get all kinds of stuff
everyone with smiles on their faces from
the yummy food hey do you remember how
much this weighs I think it's about 5
ounces
what the hell is this crap all right so
this is the last meeting of the day god
Mike
Sarah Tony touch red Torito
and what committee is this this is the
gym management committee and we're the
ones in charge of making sure that gym
is nice and running and we have all the
updated equipment and everything is up
to operational standards and if it's not
we're the ones to blame
especially churro but we have a lot of
good things coming up so if you guys
ever stop by the gym see how did these
guys these are the guys in charge and
one secret thing might even be in effect
at that time is we're really really
really really really really really
really trying hard to make barbel be a
24 hour gym so we'll see yeah we'll see
how that goes but this is that that's
like one of the initiatives you got
going on so
