what a beautiful people some of you
called me out on that when I would say
like good morning good day whatever and
my true true homies were like what the
hell you talk about you we talk about
good day good morning your your intro is
what a beautiful people so I had to
bring it back so what's up beautiful
people
I'm here now I'm about to film another
video for you guys this time I'm meeting
with Tommy and Julia and we're gonna
film something but first I need to get
must stop bug-fix and I actually never
drink Starbucks I only drink it
um I mainly drink it around this time
around like October November December
area just because it's like the holiday
season so they bring their pumpkin spice
latte and that's like ultimately my
favorite flavor of all time forever and
ever amen
so I've made it inside of Julia's room
and I got to say her room is really cute
she did this cute little thing with her
walls that I wish my parents would have
let me do um it looks really creative
it's really cute yeah but it's a fucking
crazy madhouse in here of random items
so I just have to show you don't mind us
anything else I have to show you so
these are the walls look at that cute
right let me skip over everything else
look at that wall super cute alright let
me skip over huh alright so now I have
to show you the random madhouse that
this place is okay so let me start off
with the most random item of them all
I'm gonna start from the top okay so
there's this light here see that light
okay there's a slide here and then
directly underneath this light is a
fucking pool table
and then right behind the pool table is
a bed neatly done with a bunch of cute
little toys and items and stuffed
animals
totally Kauai and Juvia style mm-hmm
excuse me I have like a crazy throat
problem but anyway okay skipping off yes
again and then oh yeah don't let me
forget the the pool sticks there they
are
alright and then over here the bed not
bad right
but what's funny is this
but is never slept on hold on skipping
all the mess that bed has never slept on
well I don't know the wits that would
bed does she sleep on Oh actually she's
a traffic yeah this is this is where
Julia on the floor so the Julia the the
not pens peasant peasant sleeps right
here how do you know she sees on the
floor she told you you saw her this is
read yeah we do all that and then that
Sarah her light and then her workstation
with tape a stapler scissors
mouse mouse pad water for hydration yeah
she goes that corner mmm I mean the
floor is really coke because that's all
right working with you this is actually
a huge progress for the first time what
was it the first time what do you mean
first time was more hectic in this her
bed was covering box I remember seeing
that boxes that's too high cleaned up
for you guys
offices this table is like piled up to
like the light just random shit on this
table so the most of us cleared out a
lot better yes yeah it does mr. graham
photo well granted I moved all the stuff
on this table off the floor
yes I can create something pretty
freaking kind of not really so you're
lying you're lying that's a you're
creating a lie this isn't more it's
really like
but mmm I was asking Tommy I'm like dude
how does she find anything in this
fucking chaos and then Tommy's like dude
she knows all right so we're gonna play
a game so Julia I saw a bottom of
robitussin where is up alright what
about the watch case that I gave you a
watch where's that case you know what no
I what what is the order that you keep
things in how do you remember like
what's your system I don't know I just
uh it's just memory like you just
exercise mentally
a general area of where I know I usually
keep things because I usually like when
I place an item in my room me there for
a good amount of time and so by the
title oh I need to get the items and
where's it all right that's right it's
right here oh my god ask another
question I don't know I was in like
searching around everywhere I just
happened to be in that area and I saw it
just a Tommy tester I don't know
anything else
hey I had like almost listed every item
ready so where are your clothes
Julia where are your clothes Oh magic
she's like a good idea I have some
clothes are here and then the rest is at
my other foot uh no I God but yeah I
wasn't exaggerating julia is a very
interesting interesting interesting
character this is an amazing project oh
this is like it's old our project some
more art supplies a lot of the stuff on
my table is usually art supplies look
like a sketch books I got canvases I got
um hot press illustration paper Oh like
stuff from Japan a lot of letters um
stuff that I'd like to write in more
more art supplies look look at my
sketchbooks I have good that Wow
there's a lot of supplies there and then
oh my god this is awesome did move a lot
of her stuff I did this is really cute
though my childhood you're still wearing
your childhood you still look like a
child you you sleep like a child child
child Rijn sleep and nap on the floor
that's what you're doing it's coffee
if you lay down on it that's pretty
coffee what was the best thing of it is
that your pillow is that your pillow you
don't even use a pillow uh well I tried
to use a pillow but then by the time I
wake up the pill is no longer anything
that's like that it's true it's true
that's kind of good stuff on the bed
somehow the pelos is ends up on the
other side yeah or on the floor right
above my head
yet like this mean don't know we don't
get along yes I get along alright well
there you have it
Julia's insane room not more about the
film so I can't record anymore this is
hilarious dude all these puppies
oh so many puppies
that's Ronin that Sophie that's Maddie
that's brown that's bold oh my god this
is doggy heaven yeah I'm ready
okay I'm gonna work again here's Nica
blendin and Swami again look okay we're
gonna record now guys
well yeah it's pretty cool you see you
could put on the date and stuff this was
on April 17th 2015
and yeah it was pretty interesting
watching how it's made it's just a bunch
of dry noodles in a cup I guess shaped
like in a cup and put it in here and
then you pick your ingredients as a
worker there she scoops ingredients yes
but in terms of the artwork no and it's
yeah I wouldn't say it's a code I
wouldn't say I like collecting cup
noodles per se I just like collecting
things that are customisable I have a
bunch of weird things back home
savy daca novel theory all right and now
it's a wrap no no do it again
okay and now it's 5 4 2 1 p.m. and we
are yeah you don't know what Tommy's
holding in his hand but I do wait for
the video to come out yeah and then
there's that guy and then there's
Tommy's collection of what is that
called
porn porn statues for Fears figurine
walk style though just figurines dude
these girls are hot the proportions are
awesome look at this
yeah I mean that I don't know well for
your fantasy view post on your fans for
your fans no I have a friend that
actually is a sculptor in Hong Kong
he works for these different anime like
anime sculpting companies or
distributors and you shit me this things
out and sometimes I'm always especially
why isn't shipping like superhero shit
but he send me those these are awesome
dang her body is insane this girl looks
like the import model what's her name
Oh what is her name
fuck I don't remember
yeah well anyway forgot her name look at
that so he sent you these two huh holy
crap her tits are huge yeah so he's a
sculptor she's thick I like this this
yeah she's like curvaceous look at this
girl's booty oh my god good down she has
like unrealistic proportions well I
guess for some people in you tell you
what it was I actually know those are
boring I want to see these are cool holy
crab or ditz are huge how did it get
bigger he sent you these too yeah do you
think guys okay so my friend Alec same
thing he's a user really odd fell in
college and I was like actually this pic
the only dude he actually talked to you
I tried to be friends really nice to him
and then he became a sculptor out in
Hong Kong he works for the Japanese
comics out there and he would just send
me stuff all the time and I was sending
care packages just this stuff over here
but you always had your statues I don't
like like he's like here Tommy you can
jack off to these it's like 3d on so
what do you send me these things like
okay if you guys were me and if someone
send you naked statues of like figurines
that you have no interest in like what
the fuck you do it you can't get this
missile one like who I don't know it can
re get it to people I don't really give
it to do you do you have any guy friends
that I have no girlfriends you give it
to them
Oh bread inch
I am a were to come home like that see
this weird day like I love them to give
it to I mean this works though I mean
this little display case that you have
work looks really oh my friend Gundams
don't ha whoa this is cool did you build
all these all those little ones are
pretty good which was did you built the
ones on top just these guys out with
that ones builds are it god damn it this
one yeah all those across or not all the
what I'll come back I remember which
though mixed up Geo stop this thing
those are build the one that bread
actually got me this one from Japan oh
cool reading you built it
no he rebuilt the figurine okay when one
that you built one what does it build
one this one oh that one's super
complicated this is tight oh good job
long did something like this take you to
build I could two days or so if I'm not
doing anything and I'm like just
relaxing I just build stuff like Legos
you still have Legos still Legos yeah I
never got into Legos I wonder why it's
just a love Legos dang so maybe it's not
a girl thing I think I'm just dumb what
about this you bought this or he said
she's on that one that one's uh she's a
bad girl s that girl look at her quads I
wonder how much she squats
Brandon how much you think she squats at
those those quads
dang dude those are some fucking those
are hot I want my quads to look as she's
in high heels
shit that's poi what about these guys
I don't know it looks like actually
bowed I knew I should have known fantasy
that's cloud it was that lightning from
another 5sec harem she looks tight too I
love the way they draw these girls
they're not like stick figures skinny
bitches you know they look fucking
powerful you got the alternative Iron
Man alternative eye rounders I mean it's
just an alternative version of Iron Man
I got did alternative like see what's a
fire man this is tight then you have
like this samurai Batman ish would he
looks sick
he's got a sword since when does he have
a sword no ever get it's just alternate
version you know Japanese you would like
alter shit yeah so that's that cuz it's
dope oh shit what about these guys
yeah yeah that's true and you have the
Arkham Knight what are those what are
those okay I don't remember this from
Batman uh yeah it is just Batman
characters and those two were from metal
gear her boobs are two separate they
still look dope though
how does she fight in nylons these are
torn nylons I don't know and her hurt
she's got underboob of the craziest like
armory and like shit they wear in combat
isn't making any sense
yeah how does hurt wait so she's got
like grenades knives and a crazy fucking
rifle yeah sniper rifle yeah and how
does she what
huh she's oh and gloves egged what what
about this chick she looks dope she
looks like her out that makes sense
normal yeah she looks like she's like
little istic yeah everybody else is just
odd where's she I can't she's also a
metal gear just don't rubber oh dang
Tommy's legit yeah I just get it to wait
figurines says those you guys want them
I want one not the let me know oh shit
shit oh shit oh okay - Tommy I don't
know where you hit him on put it yeah
cuz I have no place the book if he makes
just get into giveaways but this is
where my Instagram is kids me thinking
oh where do they hit you up my idea tom
teacher in back his body changed all of
a sudden Oh
yeah that's funny look at look at your
dogs this bowl oh damn I think they saw
us move all you did like brown maybe no
no no they were biting each other like
play biting okay
um go home now but you guys work with
this equipment away and fucking at it
cuny babies always wait for me in the
window why are they hi baby hi baby
hi Phoebe
Aaron hi biggie hi papa
hey fun where is fun or is bricky
where's fawn hi funny bozo fun bozo fun
hi fine fine it Nadine's been teaching
the dogs commands and now what do they
know how to do fanos nose down so down
is like what does it look like the
lady's on the foot yeah fine fine fine
fine fine she doesn't know her name
though Fon Fon Fon Fon Fon go with it
one sit sit sit
she's so sore what's reasoning about
Oh buddy buddy sit sit please sit look
so close free
sit ricky-ricky sit sit please sit good
girl she's falling backwards
good girl breaky hahaha
yeah I heard out I was looking up like
different training things I don't know
why because I don't train them but then
I was looking at the breeds that are the
easiest to train and Shepherds are
number three one who knows our number
two and a border collie Border Collies
our number one
um was lassie right
no no no it's not border collie yes Bree
no no it's a sh it's uh those Shepherd
dogs God dang it I don't know what
they're called anymore who cares about
number one I just care about three yeah
cuz number three is German shepherds and
they're really easy to train because
they're super smart somebody coming
Border Collies you like are those the
ones that heard all the Sheep um what's
a herder dog they're the number one
who's coming attack attack
oh I think it's Casey I think that's his
horn
with Isaac let's eat this is how much of
its the house it is look at that
ballgames oh hey guys hi I was just
telling them it's so cool cuz we just
walk into each other's houses you do
hi dick like non-stop receipt you're
like day in and day weather or were you
or not if you not like what though I
know it's fucking weird like go knock
dude I know don't be very true ghost
don't be rude just come in hey uh you
should show you should show them the dog
tricks that you taught them the pawns
are most impressive on this let's just
show them fun oh that's true it's not
happening Hey no she's you lost her hey
maybe fawn can do it now hey sit you Bri
woo
okay what about fondant one great my
finals an extra one
Oh Isaac you should sit there you go
alright fine go over there sit yeah good
job funny
Nexus attacking bite I'm down all right
you sit over there dude they're both
beating each other for two feet the
table
good girl fine hey so what I gonna see
like what's on your face what is it look
dog here you don't feel it yeah yeah
like that jelly huh oh yeah something on
your face Everett there yeah where your
hand is oh that's for
it take care of your all the costume
thing don't break it before Halloween
holy oh he brought it you know are you
put it on yeah I haven't moved the whole
time I don't you the one-time stationery
shop yeah great great three hey Bri go
over there oh boy hey good girl oh no
it's you gonna get rewarded Oh bad girl
bad ha ha you see how I just walks in I
love that you did that to my house it's
like fine yeah no that's what I'm saying
so what I was I gotta take a shit that's
why I didn't walk all right
there's no use ours don't keep going it
were you lying no all right
just use ours yeah yeah yeah yeah I
don't look bad it's all your love he'll
figure it out
usually I think it's courtesy to to
handle your business before you leave
your house so you don't have to use your
friends hold it I don't know long spy
I've never seen anyone walking in there
1,000 bucks okay I take a shit it's like
if you want to like doing a couple speed
sets and that's it uh babe yeah I don't
remember this guy playing with the dogs
walking in our house who's that guy I
don't know it's the guardian to the
galaxy guy well I don't remember him
walking in our house what is he doing in
here wife's going through the chimney Oh
what is he doing to the dog beside
guardians of the galaxy it's a man
that's not a man gee really Oh Isaac
look at me that's all Isaac's not in
this room
oh my god it's Isaac what I don't know
is Isaac are you just as big as biggie
Oh No
you're a little bit bigger you bigger on
almost had her yeah brick he doesn't
even care there you go
oh I charge up oh my goodness you tried
I pick his muscles your muscles are
awesome can you see your muscles you
don't see them I got big muscles
please do your bigger than part well
they're awesome did you do your
Halloween parade already yeah how did
what did you do to Jeff they're like
March I know what you do I know but we
didn't large we just walked oh yeah yeah
yeah I went to the band you went to a
band and one of my friends were playing
a rocky roll rock roll and then I wanted
to go play at the player and then with
that with the costume on yeah cool and
then I was playing with my friends and
then we had to run away from all those
scary guys did you guys get runaway yeah
we had to worry bad did you or did they
catch you
baby Cash's only one catch me oh no what
did you do that one early do you have
all this dog fur on your face is that
what you feel
kids curse you cuts yes my kids there's
for this custom exactly repaired it's
it's like sucking man's like help me
leave my mother be my mother that's what
the cat yes or whatever
what do you mean suck you yeah like it's
sucking you to me oh it's stuck
oh the cats want you to be their mother
oh the hair wants to be what the hair
wants to be inside of you superbark oh
sure is it it could be it could be
pretty sure that the dog hair it could
be pretty is like when the party
celebrate - walking dog maybe you can
ride her like a horse oh why oh her hips
she's no fucking snap awesome bet I was
trying to push - natural selection she
should choose you're gonna get strong
quick you said I'm fine so wait what's
happening hi son we're playing a game
lately then Casey give daddy a dollar
he doesn't want so he's making a big
choice so Isaac guesses which hand it's
in you guys to keep it Isaac that's
awesome okay ready Isaac if you guess
which hand it's in the $20 hey ready
which has it in oh if you guess wrong
you're gonna keep it if you guess right
you get to keep it awesome
choose one yeah yep shoes on you can't
be here right this okay but okay okay
switch it switch it then don't we
overlooked okay come on oh don't turn
around
the heck are you he's folding it are you
signing papers I do Isaac if you pick it
you get to keep it Slash's you sure yep
you don't want to change your mind
alright I hear you a hundred percent
yeah oh no no just no you can't say just
which one do you want
oh you sure ready oh that's right you
keep it so how much you got keep it let
me see what did you win twenty dollars
baby
twenty dollars no no you keep it you
want it you want it fair and square
Oh put on your seat I said why what a KC
tell you it give it a Maitre D' and keys
it why was KC trying to give it to you
huzi Lego what am i doing you taking
care of me no nothing oh is that way
that's why he's giving it to you
Ned fix it yeah are you baby is it no no
so he's not babysitting
it'll gonna be a Dulce oh no you don't
know Shawn oh yes where is it you know
where is it though it's in my home would
you show me if you could put that 20 in
ill-fame you're a fake wallet is the
fake water a real life well would that
20 less fit in it yep can you can you
like that I had $50 but I could I give
away v applied because I had to spend
much okay okay you can hit but if I keep
this I didn't have $30 you want a $30
how much should you have $15 well I had
various attempt no I had I had $15 but I
took the final road to me and put that
in a wallet and then you'll have $30
Oh number one
Oh Jim I didn't have a wallet no but you
have to promise me put that in water
next time I see you pull it out there
look that's not sure we'll put your body
let's go put in your pockets you don't
lose it good thing I'm taking my jacket
to school go take my wallet - hi Casey
sorry you gotta oh you get small like
heaven right you get small again no I'm
I'm startled you flee yeah a little you
know doesn't know anything
oh my god read it
DC Comics right know who's Peter quill
who's Chris Mack you know I was like hey
Audra Oh
comics oh my gosh it says guardians of
the galaxy star-lord he's something else
he's something else isn't he Isaac
what's-his-name Hey
oh fast sounds way better than slow hey
hey what are you doing Isaac you don't
ever touch you don't touch grown
people's wallets yes you put it back how
come you put it back Isaac I thought you
I thought you were gonna keep it I wish
I could keep it but Casey's gonna be
furious
Nadeem could beer it what is that he
doesn't hit you everyone gets mad at you
if you're not a good boy everyone gets
mad at you does your teacher get mad at
you your teacher never gets mad at you
oh never or only sometimes she boy
sometimes only like two times yeah I was
awesome
that was completely unexpected he pulled
a fast one on you and he returned the 20
bucks he's pretty smart Isaac you're
pretty smart Isaac yeah he's I ain't
know you like I was like this you're
like it he did it right it was like it
you tried but that was awesome good job
for following directions
I'm gonna like it okay I think I always
wear these socks on her vlog actually
I'm so blurry what are you gonna do
don't sit over here be like I'm about to
attack to tackle the Dean it looks funny
from the back Oh take a ready go you got
him
Louie Yeah right
Yeah right you're an actor where are you
seeing you on YouTube you're good actor
I think like see on YouTube go punch the
camera pretend you punch the camera and
then I'm gonna move it pretend you
punched it wait oh oh oh
push it again I'll show you cool oh oh
oh I think push me right here don't
don't hit my face okay hey watch me so
face in there
hey stop stop right here okay practice
one go oh oh my god nobody no no I like
this look he means like this when you go
for bring it back like this no no bring
it back oh there you go do it again I
don't then oh gosh one punch one punch
all right Isaac how's your day I can you
for real how much you a Isaac Oh 200
pounds I'm really that's wrong yeah well
I get 23 yeah right
you wish you were out your mom's not
even hotter pump no I'm your mom's not
even harder pound hi
I am 123 that's how high I am you're not
not even your mom is 123 come here
follow follow you're not a customer
no I'm not Hanna why height Oh inches
123 inches inches or that's how tall you
Isaac honey
insolent a foot hey whoa yeah what he's
gonna throw himself yes sir you girls
need you
jadoo the wrestling move ready
I'm almost Nike I'm gonna do like what
those balls play but your foot is either
it's very feet or does that's a funny
bone the drop you right here they're
gonna bounce back up and act like you
got her dude oh um what happened
you killed Isaac oh my god you killed
Isaac are we gonna do just feed him to
the dogs
should we stop foam underneath the table
I don't think his mom will see him wait
is he blinky
oh no maybe I saw some but I heard that
people aren't ticklish no I don't think
I don't think no I think he's dead dude
I think he killed it oh my god Lily's up
dead people
no wow it's be dead what if I just step
on his foot face it's pathetic
hey oh no oh no I think he killed them
to stop him under the table no one else
came off his clothes let me just plug
his nose to make sure no his mother says
nothing not open his mouth is closed
I'm trying to close it he's really dead
he won't this won't bother him how good
idea wake is your life what's happening
is mouthing say what what does it call a
rigor mortis take this movie I don't
know it's the opposite of rigor mortis
it's moving dead people pick the nose is
so weird yeah
no he's not everybody eat their boogers
oh I should be known for eating your
boogers come on get back get him back oh
oh damn he psyched you out you guys
psyched out oh is it hitting get whoa
hey that's my white pillow you're gonna
get it dirty get that pill Oh were you
had to kick bricky
what the heck was she head what did she
do to you throw that out what did she do
to you you mean weasel that's crazy
what's up where's my child
he's not even here here's what about
diet and your happiness well he left
with Casey I don't know investigation
Isaac's not here but ad man is ant-man
here what the fuck
yeah you're gonna caramelize acquis
failed and I'm here your view try to
scare me little punk onions ham
I saw you were like this you're like I
think we gotta work on better or
scurrying tactics oh I gotta show you
this it was so funny no key I think he
already knows girl he's on it he's on it
what happened
keep it Isaac he knows what's fine I get
so much you can keep it you don't
understand it he understands it very
well I gotta show you a video this my
clothes I'm doing some huh Casey told me
gave me your specific instructions he
said you are not to leave with that $20
so you want me to get in trouble yes
yeah what kind of question is that of
course it's yours
she says it smells funny like how far
smell so good bricky says it smells
funny like what he got in there it
smells funny
cuz I was playing with them you wanna
see a freaky freaky oh yeah
the Dean taught him a trick oh yeah I
think they do smell the dog like like
booty
you remember honey no you can be ya know
Isaac TIFF they can't no awesome who's
here for half an hour you think even how
I became said he was just in case from
your life you know what tip is saying
actually to you right now that she's
giving you money she says she doesn't
consider your family my mother there are
you mom waiting for - you smell booty
see this smells funny in there and rock
it yeah your daughter that's one of the
tricks I thought they probably think
that's part of that got you hey that was
pretty good though cuz you like do you
like the trick I showed them three
that's right how great
yo pretty quick so but he doesn't know
any tricks I really go free
pretty sick huh stay with it
very good he said stay open okay stay
cool go there you fell off be free be
free
oh yeah oh yeah
free free free free sit I know it's not
very impressive but it's pretty it's
pretty never sits good girl yeah let's
all applaud that took a minute girl fun
huh she's over it she's she's teaching
you a trick now I got it I got it cut
this video I'll find me a soapbox what
is shouting
Oh
