hey damn Alma Thursday this is what we
about to do we've been trying to train
our dogs 1 yeah she's too excited
welcome there
yeah I'm trying to train them well let
the mouth so they don't run all at wat
and you can just walk out and then train
them like just walk away
and they shouldn't move nope nope
do you don't have to do that you have to
do any of that you should be able to
walk away and then just move and I'll
have them do yep
I've been training them every time I now
you can give a command no but I always
do this hand signal
I don't think they know that way it
should be bigger
hey good come here bricky no there you
know what time it is go pee
No bricky come here good girl
oh good morning good morning good girl
good morning go through they see those
leashes
she knows what time it is Gopi
I know what's up with that Gopi Gopi
Gopi hey free Gopi hurry up
Gopi good girl
you get thirsty
good girl thank you for listening to me
I like those exercise moves you guys
happy he's happy let's go
Ricky who's has um hind leg problems
they'd like collapse on her they're
they're pretty weak but when it comes to
walking like this no problem at all I
know she shouldn't be running in front
of me but I'm holding the camera back
home back home whoa hey
I think she's gonna charge you outside
if I know her she's gonna discharge
outside uh stop there
hey mean guy
hi widows oh my god how did this happen
how are we eating pizza right now it's a
pizza pizza pizza pizza pizza pizza how
are we eating pizza right now David
let's fall again there's fun oh no wait
how is it Bart's fault
wait I'll go to post this video before
me we're gonna have the same content fun
this shit huh
you could everyone's being pissed off
they're like why don't you post with
poison Geo pose at the same time already
saw this video I'll be bitches kids
already fucking explain that shit I said
we're eating this cuz David wrap this
shit up
and I fucking put tinsel you better tell
me what do I pull this shit you're gonna
pull at the same guy that time contact
Roger we got balls at the same time look
at her face hmm so David how did this
happen you what happens every time it's
like this we'll talk about something
else saying you must sound good
hey pizza and then Bart's like well
fucking David oh and then you gave in
yes is it very hard to resist this is
good this is my argument was it black I
know you retract negros no I'm not going
to use um I don't track my prose right
now either just cuz it's been kind of
stressful I've been like tracking macros
for how long like almost six months like
consistently and I was just like ah just
taking a toll on my brain and he felt
stressful well you look sexy hmm I was
looking a lot leaner I'm a muscles were
looking really nice
how much happy right yeah right but
mentally right now oh my god I feel so
good just to eat whatever the hell I
want to eat I mean I'm still very
conscious and aware of like what I'm
putting in my body big change this easy
but now I've also got
huh Oh huh face my own brother just told
me that he liked Domino's better than
Pizza Hut go to fucking oh thank you yes
so like I love all pizza and I couldn't
really tell them all like I like all of
my little Caesars Papa John's all of
them I like call pizzas and cosmos
fucking nasty a shit bye Sookie at least
20 of them but we were having this
debate about wish pizzas better Domino's
or Pizza Hut
and Joe and David loved Pizza Hut and I
usually agree with that like 99% of time
on all other things but today after
eating this Pizza Hut Pizza I realized
that I actually like dominos more and
the reason why I say that is because you
stopped moving this this one the to me
Pizza Hut
it's 90% crust and 10% pizza so the
cheese and the tomato sauce ratio to the
bread is very little and Domino is more
there's more pizza less dough so I think
that's why I like dominos I'm I can I
can care less about the dough if we just
cut fucking tomato sauce and cheese in
the mouth and pepperoni I'm fucking
happy as hell what do you say Phillip
you wouldn't like the deckard oh yeah
explain himself very well so I
understand its point of view but that
fuck you're over it of course because
that's my brother man yeah look at
Jill's reaction look at it the Derby's
brothers can disagree but we're still
where what happened with me you got
sauce there I also hate you
ha go to hell go to fucking hell what
the fuck what happen you're the sister
Aiello's never won it on
big babies do I employ so today I've
been learning a lot about the girls
stuff yeah I had no idea what a tampon
the fly
I enjoyed it was like when you a circuit
which is like this alien tube that you
stick up your pussy and then you fucking
take the tubing out and the string is
out your vagina like butt and now we're
gonna see the absorbent quality the
totally found tech pad do I see the
commercials and watch you need blue
liquid so as you see a regular pad it
doesn't absorb but with this much okay
let's measure so it's here this is where
the water line is so let's see how much
water I can absorb slowly oh this is
like pussy just coming up there you go
oh my god it should be spreading there
is a limit though okay it's usually like
gold on top and that's okay
nope it's so so this is awesome dude oh
my god it's kind of awesome for me to
actually I've never seen how much all
absorb that's a limit yeah oh my God
look how fat it is that's like the
commercial this is the limit cuz now
it's on top wait did you do that much
water
it was here oh that's a lot of water
though okay it's gonna spill I think a
little bit because I didn't little too
much at the stick
yeah that's you excited holy crap all
that water's in there dude you all let
the shit out of somebody with this
doofus right Josh only saw this back up
to look shit I am so impressed with my
pads yeah
dude look how heavy this shit baby see I
want to see the weight well Brendon Wow
always I think no I don't know I don't
know what it is it's not always it's not
why no it's not always Brutus
it's probably like you know codex yeah
yeah I want to compare this to other
companies now hahaha just wait no oh no
what are you gonna do right oh no I'm
sitting here you can't do that I'm
sitting here go do it some more I'm not
sitting what are you doing you're gonna
say wait my phone No
what is the position for yeah that's
what i'm sorbs at your pussy juice miss
him oh not caught in any Mauritius show
hi juice Oh God Hey look at this one's
way different than yours wider look at
that let the Lord the hell that's for
nighttime good that's weird
total fuckin ed what this was always a
first so nice coat a great we got it but
thinking why enjoy a specular right yeah
- regular this was the old nice yeah so
should absorb more yeah this always
nighttime so wait wait let me see where
the line is okay there I like how
there's these cute little decorative
place where it's like alright make sure
this goes on your vagina this is
supposed to neutralize the owner that it
mmm yeah see it's okay
oh they should have guided he should
have died the oh it's leaking on the
side it's a heavy day hey so technically
you was doing so good look at it yeah
beside you could show me my degree I
think you need to change the Kotex girl
yeah I used to be with Kotex but then
interested in doing it which one's your
call there's called always yeah always
oh good hey if you have a leaky but you
should just wear this Ricky but like
butthole yeah well but it's still
absorbing though but what is this well I
don't appreciate the fact that it's
spilling over yeah me neither
just that's all over your panties that's
for sure gonna stain oh you're on yours
bodies no this is done I don't
appreciate this we didn't we absorbed
way more though
this one had oh no I would just started
no here I think those more than this are
the here but the problem with this one
is is that in leaks yeah a place at
least the other one hold it in yeah he
said thousand fewer hoods fuckin always
you fucking piece of shit what's wrong
with you man you know women got fucking
issues this year are you lit what's the
whole point of the fucking wing if it
fucking absorbs it all the way to the
tip you fucking pieces of shit make a
better product but the hook
thank you you heard that what if I like
daughter one day she gets one of your
fucking piece of shit pads huh you know
you're gonna know so much about your
daughter now you're gonna be so
empathetic teacher how to put it in a
vagina that is odd now you know though I
see eye to eye on me this fucking RTG Oh
watch i'ma show you with my buck no I
showed you is my head I showed you with
my head why aren't you sure I could do
it the head I forgot do this
hey Victor damn and then you pull the
plastic part out in the and your fucking
rat tail comb comes up yep yeah and then
you let the rat tail just like the
laughs so when you boot it is just
fucking flame like a dick thanks for the
video they have amazing DF check out
their subscribe to them right yay thanks
for the video you can video also for
other adult videos make sure you go
check out juking other videos and their
link isn't be in the bug left
yay thanks for the video Juke and video
you see other dog videos go on juking
videos channel and got other cool videos
so go subscribe and the link is in the
description box below
click right there all right
Oh
you
now Papa that shit up with the held a
public you get you pop your gob is a
focus of boy chicken Hainan chicken
motherfucker this chicken breast and
fucking salad shit fucking rice shit
bitch yeah fuck yeah with the fucking
iced tea mother fuck fuck fuck that's
underneath no there's no rice there
isn't
