I finished working out and I'm trying to
grab some grub and I wanted to eat clean
so I'm going to one of my favorite
places right there boom so boy you
should get all white meat chicken with
some rice and salad but they're fucking
Asian and it's cash only and I only had
20 bucks on me and I'm buying it for me
and Adeem angyeo so I gotta come to this
random ATM now to get maybe set this
right here no no don't fall okay go go
to this random ATM now and spend money
on the transaction fee to pull out cash
and it's always so funny to me because
when you hear of Asian businesses for a
lot of immigrant or ethnic businesses
they always want cash only just because
they feel like they can escape taxes
right this if you report you only made
$100,000 out here and like let's say you
made half a million and you only have to
pay taxes on the hundred thousand
dollars as a business and that's why a
lot of people want to do cash only
so they can under report how much money
they made but what they don't know and
what they lose out on
is that if you do taxes correctly
there's actually a lot of ways that you
can deduct taxes legitimately you can
buy houses you can buy cars you can
spend a lot of money that you were gonna
spend anyways with the money that you
saved from taxes but you could do it
legitly and they'll be on record and
later on in the long run when you want
to pull a loan or if you want to
refinance a home you have an actual
track record of paying for taxes and
making the correct amount so one of the
things that I that I found out a lot of
my friends run into is
when they are under reporting taxes
so when they under report taxes don't
say like hey I only made like 20 grand
this year right they do it for three
years even though they're making like
200 grand they save a lot of money on
paying the taxes you know upfront but
the later on later on I'm saying the
same shit but later on when they want to
buy a nice car or if they want to buy a
house and they report their three years
tax returns it shows that he's only made
20 grand a year for three years so now
the companies are gonna be like wait why
would I why would I lease you this BMW
if you
20 and the payment of the BFF is $1,000
a month we're not gonna afford this for
this house or whatever big expensive
nice thing you want to buy so now my
friends are fucked and now they got to
give all the money that they saved that
is under the radar and give it to some
random relative and have them relative
by for them so now they have all these
other things that aren't even in their
name so on when I realized this in terms
of business and society and the way
rules and laws are made the best way is
always to play within the rules because
that's the way they're made like since
America's a capitalistic society they
create the rules to benefit business
owners so that business owners can
expand their business create more jobs
spend more money put more money in the
economy and everyone benefits so the
next time you guys want to do something
and you're trying to pull a fast one
there's really no need to because the
way the system is made and if you
educate yourself a little more you can
always do things legit and benefit
everyone all the time and right now
this ATM ain't even working so I gotta
go on to another ATM because that
business wants a big small-scale mama
Papa yes I knew Bank of America is gonna
pull through there my native bank pulled
out money and I didn't have to get weird
transaction charge surcharge whatever
they call it so now I can finally get
some food cuz I got a rush it to jail
because Gio has another meeting a
barbell so I gotta brush it to her so
she can eat before she meets and then I
got this guy in the car always fuckin
around all the time
the demons always always fucking around
someone could be here with the gun
pointing at his face ready to rob his
ass knee won't even know he's always
fucking around
Oh what happened
she said no fuck you why you're fucking
around again
no she probably saw your face and she
was like all that sky fucks around all
the time she's like you're okay but is
it for Bart oh my gosh we got each other
yeah there's good ball you can't eat
here but she's touching my money give me
change also he knows who I am
yeah that's great time yeah but you guys
god damn and the demon fucking around
all day why would you
Wow he just put in her pocket you know
my hand is sprained
I think it's your thumb I know if my
whole hand is affecting just put your
pocket just give it to my girl you left
the penny in my hand
keep it dude I don't know where to put
it just take it I'm trying to grateful
you yet so dumb
so yesterday I was fucking around with
geo after JK news and I was wrestling
with her and that's how I sprained my
thumb I jammed it into her body on
accident and then my whole thumb oh oh
shit
and today it's like all stiff so when I
was working out I had the hardest time
dealing with it and I was wrestling with
her because I wanted to put her through
rape training I was like all right
anytime girls have to be ready to get
raped so I want you to be prepared if
someone's about to rape you you gotta
know what to do so I would go and try to
lunch at jail and now what do you do now
not grab her and I should start swinging
and kicking me and punching me and I'm
like awesome your rape ready not ready
to get ripped but you're ready to be
protected from rape and I made me feel
good as a man as her husband because the
last thing you want like all dudes they
always think like fuck what happens if
my girls like walking down an alley by
herself in a middle of night you know or
she's just going to a car to grab
something cuz she forgot something and
what if some dude pulls out of nowhere
and it makes a good feel good what makes
a guy feel good if the girl can defend
herself and be like if a guy comes like
I'm gonna rape you and she fucking kicks
him in the nuts fucking pokes him in the
eye fucking rip his throat out that's
fucking perfect so I just wanted to make
sure Gio had it in her and she does and
I'm really proud of you babe
what's going on in here this random can
be a music playing
know what's going on in here it's just
music with no people
DOX ah you scared me what are you doing
how did you even know is coming in what
did you put them did you check under the
seats of all the cars underneath this my
car it's already taken that durango fine
I brought you yummy food alright I don't
think you did I don't remember our days
go so fast I remember shit I look at the
counter know what I did like don't do
all my duffel bag stuff all my backpack
stuff all my purse backpack stuff you
need to have two backpacks on believing
purses alright no one's judging you but
go ahead and give that information
alright in a cute backpack no purse so
you're not like like this all the time
this your purses like down here don't
you got a meet what the air not to I do
but I want my keys well you don't have
time to look for them you got lunch and
you got to go meet nutrition and being
punctual is the number one priority yeah
I'm not I'll try to help your mom bad I
need help
I just need help finding my keys at all
I need out well if I see the kid let you
know
Oh baby I'm little gay been the Papa
Bear do a good job shit up what the hell
the puppet you get you fuck it's a boy
chicken Hainan picker motherfucker it's
chicken breast and fucking salad shit
fucker rice with the fucking iced tea
mother fuck fuck fuck that's underneath
there isn't I told them maybe you said
you like how many just she was like how
many is a salad I said salad and rice
rice and salad fucking disorders no I
don't I called them the dim you heard me
on the phone what I say rice see I said
satirize no I said son rice
no dude was a pea touch isn't carry the
fucker all the time there's no fucking
rice well that's because it's my own I
always sacrifice my aunt you for other
people I make sure I look at this shit
100% customer satisfaction all the time
so I always worry a lot other people in
that's I mean I would ask you I'm saying
I'll try with you and I right place an
order with you I have to make you repeat
it back oh yeah well you went to
McDonald's other day we got a big order
right it's like this let me check he
opened the bags goodness IRA get you say
you got a bag before you drove onto the
meters chain all right we're good but
we're good alright see we're good that
day I knew what's up
fucking bitch there's no fucking rice I
need fucking rice in this motherfucker
did you make extra rice or pasta by
chance son of a bitch you're fucking up
again demon eyes I got this delicious
iced tea no I don't care this sugar or
not I do want sugar in it oh because I'm
in the mood for sugar this is all sugar
I'm gonna throw some sugar no no they
did it no those are anything what oh no
what I have in front of me is one of
Secrets
Hollywood
and no one knows about this but only a
select you know it's your special
it's called the black cow and it's
chocolate ice cream and coke
and there's only a select few places
that have this and it's super delicious
and if you ever see someone order it you
have to order it immediately a porous
media
so forever sitting at a table in someone
orders a blackout and they ask you if
you want one
so now obviously home
you're pretty much a big tunnel
I was just
it's pretty high it's in between 400 and
though I don't really know because I've
been bulking
oh man so you like it no I don't order
cook by itself when I can get back down
all right
try what try and see if you like it you
just that's right okay mix it mix it a
little bit though
I gotta get our next time are you gonna
get a next time going up then you're a
loser what
the hardest anyone
enjoying this delicious black it could
be just 1 by 3 and there's like no time
my hat
yeah point seven seconds seconds good if
they make this point seven seconds what
the hell
where's Brooke with the three-point 7000
overtime three shots in a row ties the
game at 13 seconds now we do mean Victor
Oladipo goes outside people like you
should be announcing games because
watching games on TV but those glasses
knowledge sure got the swag you know got
the looks
that's only the second game are you guys
ready to start of me look a cute ass
fucking a team over there
I'm saying that makes me want to play
basketball you guys down to play out it
appears in your weight class huh you
enjoy most of them without components
but I didn't you give it away class to
get first place world record
I'm gonna twist this one ah and say
you're gonna ask him a question
