hey happy holidays guys in celebration
of hey happy holiday guys in celebration
of the holiday see what about hey happy
holidays from the bills guys hey happy
holiday from the band's guys in
celebration we are gonna be giving you
twenty percent off our entire barbell
Brigade line on the entire site and we
are extending it all the way to the
cyber monday she's smelling my orbit and
if that wasn't already enough we are
also dropping this brand new design just
for you guys on black friday so make
sure to visit www.pbr brigade calm and
buy some awesome presents and stock up
on all our gear twenty percent from
Black Friday over the Cyber Monday happy
holidays holidays guys hey happy
holidays from the bills guys rich oh
you're giving me a charley horse and he
was wearing
I shoot black-and-white Jonah Levin and
she was looking for pity
