you know how they say um you don't know
what you've had until you lost it well
usually I spend all day with Gio and
that's the norm but then today she had
to take the early flight to Vegas I'm
taking a later flight to Vegas so I'm
here by myself so uh Gio she left at
like 4 o'clock in the morning she kissed
me goodbye and she was nice enough to
just fold her blankie like that just so
I don't have to fold it I could just do
the rest of the bed and it's so crazy
because I'm so used to yelling at her in
the morning to tell to hurry up and now
that I have no one to yell at it feels
empty now I'm just like who do I yell at
I'm up by myself
it's sad now you know there's this one
scene at the note but even though it's
really cheesy and it's like rom-com
right romantic comedy there's this one
line in the notebook that actually
really resonates me about relationships
and I think Ryan Gosling tells a Rachel
he says I'd rather be fighting with you
than to be happy by myself and I was oh
shoot that's exactly how it feels at
least I feel like when you meet the
right person or you feel like you guys
meet the soulmate or if you guys uh you
know met your true loved one you love
them so much and you enjoy their
presence so much that even if it's
during a negative time and then you guys
are like fighting or whatever you rather
spend more time with them and a negative
with and negative emotion then to be
like happy and cheery with all your boys
and stuff and I really related to me
because um I just don't even know how
Gia's going to see this but if she does
I can't imagine spending the rest of my
life without her which is why we're
married and because she's in my life she
makes my life that much better and she
really is my better half like she makes
me clean up shit and then she teaches me
manners but most importantly she's uh
she's the backbone to me you know like
without her I feel like I would have
less ambition and I would have less
motivation and I wouldn't have the
confidence to achieve and do the things
that I want to do but because she
believes in me so much even at times
you're I normally believe in myself
that's the that's what gives me the
power and courage to do what I feel like
needs to be done and chase after my
goals and because that I love her for
that and now that she's not here and I'm
in this house by myself I feel the
lonely effects of it even though I'm
gonna see her tonight
it's just gonna be so weird it's been in
the whole day without her lemons
what's that jewel Oh
shoe roll and lube and killing her on
the bench this morning already came in
for early morning workout
yes 2:45 on the bar and a hundred pounds
worth of chains
let's go along good spot my children
how come you bring it down slow slow
meaning I'm gonna bring it down
I promise I think I'll move up I should
be bringing down he wastes too much
energy
since my day is so action-packed today I
have to go through my regular routine
would just get to artisan grilled
chicken sandwiches for my nutrition oh
and I had a really good workout today by
the way I hit 405 on the squat for six
reps and then I hit 185 on the overhead
press beltless for six reps and then I
hit 295 for seven on the close grip
bench for seven reps and I felt like on
all of them I could have easily added
one more rep to every single exercise so
I'm pretty happy about that my trains
been going really good and so now I got
to get the food eat and I got to answer
a bunch of emails and this guy does not
want to go so I got to give him a
friendly little honker and then I have
to get a haircut and then get ready and
oh did I tell you guys what I was gonna
do today yet I'm not even sure if I told
you guys so today something really
exciting so me and Joe we get booked all
over the country at all kinds of college
is even internationally in Malaysian
Australia and Canada and stuff where we
get to speak and we get to do comedy or
motivational speeches and today finally
my alma mater UCLA is booking me to come
to speak at the freshman orientation to
kind of give a little insight of how it
was for me to go to college at UCLA and
what are some of my experiences to share
that with them so I'm super happy about
that that's the reason why I'm alone at
home right now because everyone has
already flown out to Vegas and they left
early morning at like 6 a.m. but because
my engagement is at 7 o'clock to 8:30
p.m. tonight I'm doing that and then at
night I'm a fly out to Vegas at around
the middle I think like 10:30 if I get
that 11:30 so that's the reason why I'm
staying behind why while everyone else
is leaving so I'm really happy about
that because this whole time I'm doing
YouTube for like 7 or 8 years I'm like
yo I've been doing shows at UCI at Brown
University University of Amherst Boston
University in northeastern schools in
Florida like all kinds of crazy schools
and I'm like when the hell even used
Diann San Francisco State among winners
UCLA my alma mater gonna hit up hit me
on me holla at your boy so I'm pretty
happy that they finally booked me and
I'm able to go there and speak and share
something I'm really really passionate
about too so uh for those of you guys
that are going tonight see you guys
there and for those you guys are in
charge of like school organizations if
you want to book us me and Joe are
available to get booked to come and do
motivational speaking or even comedy
performances at your college or
organizations so hear me flying to Vegas
right yeah what's happening over there
some of the members of my gym are
complaining in a complaint
one of the guys that I one of the guys
that I coaches competing to are you I'm
not competing I'm coaching on okay yeah
he's really capable he's like there's
only 20 years old it is way stronger
than me oh yeah yeah yeah some people
they just have like a crazy genetics and
crazy like physical capability no he's
Middle Eastern Afghan to the he was born
like strong strong yeah he was like 16
already and he is like already like done
that being over 400 what's he listening
so his squad is almost 600 pounds and he
benches around like three 70 80 and then
he could Dallas which is a how much you
lift off the floors around six I know
sometimes it does like it people really
really heavy and then you're pushing
your body to the limit sometimes the
veins in your eyes and sometimes like
you get a bloody nose to I've seen
people a squirt blood out of their scalp
somehow like a blood vessel burst it and
you just start seeing blood come out of
the skin I don't know I don't know if
it's safe or not but let's make sure
everybody's okay yeah I'm gonna get the
same thing same thing alright yeah do
that can you do that fade a little bit
higher no priors just a little bit yeah
a relative same thing then always knows
what I want for my hair and I usually
never even say anything does that mean
that I'm boring cuz I don't change my
haircut or does that mean that does it
make your job easy if you already know
what I want in a way but you have to
know you came through a lot of changes
yeah remember yeah are there anybody is
there anyone that's like that changes
their haircut like every single month no
I wouldn't think so because maybe a few
kids
yeah probably undecided you know I
remember when I was young until ice to
change my haircut all the time he did I
mean I was like man I can't keep up with
this guy stop yeah I would like perfect
one style and do a change
yeah but I think now now that I'm older
you just become more boring you don't
want to change it so much it's like if I
have to cut the same style over and over
again the challenge is like is like pain
yeah you have to paint the same one of
these that Lisa like over and over again
yeah and you don't have to beat them all
the last time yeah yeah yeah yeah that's
that's the hardest challenge that's true
that's the hardest challenge just
finished with my haircut looking fresh
ready for tonight I have like random
hairs is falling off hopefully all that
happens after your hair crazies that all
those random hair oh cool my package
came in Canada so I've been waiting for
this package from a vanity planet and
what it is is it's a digital body
analyzer so it can measure a weight but
also your muscle mass bone mass water
mass and also your a body composition
like a monk like how fat you are all
that stuff so all kinds of vital numbers
to gauge and track your fitness goals so
I'm pretty excited about this because
what I have at home is the regular scale
and all it tells you is how much you
weigh but it would be helpful to know
all kinds of other vital information
that can track your progress
there's a knife I buy bargain smarter
cold son some of my favorite nice I know
there's a easy jobs I could probably
just rip open but about this super
expensive knife just to open packages
with but I love it I actually had this
exact same knife when I was in the
Marine Corps and it lasted me for like
six years and I love this knife this is
a Spyderco and I ended up losing hit on
a regular civilian camping trip which is
dumb because it lasted me all six years
while in the Marine Corps and it served
me very well
but uh I've lose it doing some freaking
dumb stuff oh babe a baby Bluebird body
analyzer box within the box good thing
Jill's not home also but what mess are
you making what's all I'm noise out
there this is Italian you know just
one-handed operation you feel me but I
just just rip the plastic off damn it
straight rip the plastic off
that's all you that's how you know I'm
getting gangs nice it's all glass with
batteries batteries in here this is
really nice that stainless steel connect
on the batteries it takes all right
I cut right through it but it's still
holding on is it also adhesive
interesting there we go all right all
right all right all right this is
smaller than triple-a these are oh these
are triple a triple A's are way better
than this cool so I got the digital body
analyzer all set up and ready to go this
is what looks like looks pretty nice oh
cool it is set all you gotta set your
weight and all that stuff that's really
cool so uh-oh all you could set
individual people so p1 I am five nine
and age I am 30 I bet you guys didn't
know that so set it mmm that's it
all right I'll write down write it down
right now
step on it see what happens nothing okay
so what do I do
I already have that set got it set you
have to hold it oh cool so I am one of
those guys and I sleep like most guys
are like this when we get something we
just take it out the box
there's probably instructions in there
but that's boring we gotta figure stuff
out ourselves that's how we roll boom to
ten eleven to something dannis things
accurate it keeps moving as I'm changing
that's really cool I get off what does
it do just go back down to zero
interested
all right nope all right so I guess I'm
stuck now I'm stuck and there's probably
instructions on how to oh here it is
instruction manual let's see uh huh I
already did all that setting up users
yeah already did that dad dad dad did
that okay oh we could put eight users in
here taking a measurement if you have
not taken a measurement before the use
of up now else let the others know that
it makes your skepticism phase of data
okay remain balanced been everywhere
doing my body fat Moses oh you missed it
fungal skin
oh you're supposed to step on it and
after you step on it everything else
comes up so it's just plug and play
alright let's look at this so 211 this
is everything I was supposed to pop up
after
and he just fell asleep on me all right
this is after you said it it's supposed
to everything I was supposed to pop up
yeah yes I know I have to cut my
toenails haven't had a chance to do so
they look kind of nasty all right let me
see so still trying to figure this out
uh hell I've already set the user which
is me personal number one I already got
that right boom set it's done
bum bum done DZ set right all right
let's do this
everything set to 11 there we go there
we go see who says I need instructions
manual what does it say
I'm 53.3% water mass 38% muscle mass 28%
body fat holy guacamole the bulk is real
I am 28 percent I am 28 present body fat
that's actually pretty accurate cuz if I
have to guesstimate based off how my
body and how my belly looks I would have
guessed north of 25 so this is pretty
accurate and I have experience with my
eyes with guesstimating body fat
percentages from my coaching experiences
and stuff and I'm at grow strange though
this is pretty adult oh so when they
sent this to me is this really cool them
too
they're like you know we're gonna send
this to you but also we're gonna give
you a discount code to give to your
followers so if you type in Bart Quan
when you go to the link that's in the
description they type in bar Quan
they're gonna give you 60% off so I know
you guys love discounts I think usually
goes for like 120 or 150 bucks on around
there 60% off it puts you back down like
under 60 bucks it could be even like 50
so that's a really good deal when you're
gonna pay like twenty thirty dollars for
a regular scale anyways and this is
to help you accurately track your
progress you can't lose with this so
imma have to put this away before Jill
gets mad cuz she hates it when I open
all my packages
and I just leave everything out if she
says she's not my mom's I gotta put all
that stuff away and I gotta answer a
bunch of emails and then I got a pack
still I haven't even packed it and then
I gotta be on my merry way to UCLA I
just exited the freeway and now I'm at
Westwood and Wilshire and now I'm right
just a few blocks away from UCLA and
it's so nostalgic I remember walking up
and down these streets and driving
around when I went to college here and
the traffic is still just as bad
look at this shit is fucking crazy its
ass packed I took the Porsche so uh this
is what the neighboring city looks like
Westwood it's like another pop and it's
almost like a a cleaner downtown I
ladies a lot of tall buildings and stuff
and they're right next doors Beverly
Hills it's like a really nice area but I
took the Porsche so that I can drive
faster and then especially after the
speaking engagement
I can drive fast to the airport I can
catch my flight but I was stuck on the
freeway for hour and a half I even left
extra early because I know of how packed
I was gonna be by the nose gonna be this
packed so I I left early like 2008 time
but I guess now that it's 2015 the
traffic has grown in his way crazier but
it feels really good to be back it just
I don't know there's something alive
about a college city that I really miss
about normal cities and you see people
walking around and stuff like that and
yeah I can't wait to actually speak to
all these students I'll use any fun
here and then that reduces cooter yeah
you two should go yeah where ya trying
to be a responsible youtuber yeah yeah
oh we're like 500 had lectures in here
before yeah yeah I'll remember yeah
where'd you go I came here I transferred
in 2007 and they graduate 2009 we're
here oh okay yeah
yes Bruins at Rouen it's like a fancy
word for bear okay okay now I know yeah
over here
I just sit down
although
I just finished the show and I just
parked my car in this public parking lot
and this is just what I parked my car if
I have to drive myself through the
airport which I usually like to do just
because that way I don't to bother
anyone especially if it's early morning
like if my flights at 6:00 a.m. when I
wake up my friends at 4:00 a.m. when I
could just drive myself and then later
when I get off the plane when I come
back I could just drive myself back and
I'm off the time anything out with
anyone so I feel like it's one of the
most convenient things although there
are daily charges but I feel like it's
one of the most convenient things that
to do is just drive yourself to the
airport and I'm right next to the
airport actually so for those of you
guys who have never seen LAX on that
bridge that is typical LA traffic let me
try to zoom in but you can see it's
bumper-to-bumper and then oh cool the
shuttles coming and a real quick though
over here that's like these these
colored lights I think that's the
signature colored light post things I
don't know what they're really called
but when you fly into LA you'll always
see that
so my shuttles here which is awesome
which means I will be making it on time
I was really scared the whole day
actually is because my schedule is so
tight today that if something would have
messed up if I got a flat tire or
something I would have missed an
engagement like I had a four o'clock at
a phone conference and then before that
at two o'clock I had a hair appointment
and then at 7 o'clock I had which is all
day across LA I had a speaking
engagement at the college's what really
successful I was happy to meet all of
you guys and now at a 10 o'clock
I have to fly out somewhere are they
gonna pick me up I'm not sure but the
shuttle started going somewhere else let
me see
hi are you picking people up awesome
yep thank you thank you so much good
United please thank you
Michelle and I have to turn the camera
off customers never double here and this
one would die to the king
well there's only two b12 shots in
looking at matters but yeah the show
went really good
I was a happy that I was able to do long
connected lobster that came out and kind
of share my college stories of what I
did and I guess a coach to life and I
find the biggest lesson from that show
or from the Q&A speaking engagement is
that if you truly believe in something
just go off and get it he comes up like
ASEA wishes explain was her parents are
complete against her her story is just
like my role what my parents wanted us
to be in a medical field and that she
actually had to stop talking to her
parents like three years because of that
but she pursued what she truly believed
and and now her dad works for her that
comfort is huge so uh our company's not
huge it but uh we're all along the same
path so uh we truly believe it's
something make sure you go out and
pursue it because no one's gonna
understand you that way so what now
we're just on the shuttle and then I'm
on my flight Hammond this is fucking
bullshit so uh needless to say I missed
my flight and it wasn't even my fault
so uh when I checked in on my boarding
pass
it said gate 72 and I was thirty minutes
early I was uh had enough time to get a
sandwich some food and I was just
chilling there waiting the whole time
for the gate to open and then when I
looked at my watch again there was ten
ten and that is the time that boarding
closes and I was like what the fuck the
game never even opened in the first
place
and then so I'm like wait is this even
my fucking gate cuz it said gate 72 when
I check and I look and it is gate 72 and
I'm like what the fuck what the fuck's
going on and I asked the people around
me and I'm like yo are you guys going to
Vegas and they're like nah we're just
chilling here I'm like what the fuck -
where the fuck is my flight so now I run
all the way down to the United customer
service desk and they're like all they
actually changed it and I'm like what
the fuck why the fuck why would they put
72 and in change the gate 75 so I
fucking sprint all the way down at gate
75 and I'm like yo I was at 72 30
minutes early the whole time it's been
chilling there no one told me shit I
don't know anything can I get on the
fucking flight and they're like no sorry
or two minutes too late and I'm
fuck it wasn't even my fault though and
they're like I'm sorry they can't they
already closed the gates on my fuck the
only thing that they could do is uh give
me another ticket so they told me to go
back to the customer service desk so I
sprint all the way down there I'm like
yo I want to be with my wife what can I
do is there any other flight like is
there any other flight I can get on
today and I said actually all the
flights are filled there's no other
flight leaving that was the last flight
and I'm like fuck and then so what the
customer service person told me is that
even though they put a gate on your
boarding pass that doesn't mean it's
real and I'm like what the fuck that
does even make sense why the fuck would
they put it there and what she was
saying is that it happens all the time
because weather condition changes or
flight changes or engine breaks down so
they swap that shit out all the time so
even if they put on your boarding pass
gate 72 always pay attention to the
monitor and always pay attention to the
intercom cuz shit always changes and I'm
like fuck that doesn't make any fucking
sense but fuck why wouldn't people tell
you like what is it why didn't why don't
they say that on the boarding pass like
subject to change at any time and so now
I'm in the car oh my god reissued a
flight for tomorrow morning the earliest
was 11 I was down to wake up and catch a
six o'clock fight but the early thing
gives me is 11 and so I guess the hard
lesson learned today and hopefully I'm
able to pass it on to you guys and I'm
glad that I was able to talk to you guys
because I was able to vent a little bit
it's all so fucking pissed I was so
fucking pissed
I wanted to fucking chuck my backpack
across the counter but then I know the
person that was helping me it's not even
her fault you know like she just
represents United it's the way that
United Airlines organizes things or the
way they structure the system the people
they're just puppets they're just
carrying out orders and stuff so it's
not even her fault even though like
I is not right to take it out on a
person you know anything so what she was
telling me on my to doesn't make any
fucking sense I was so fucking pissed at
United but I wanted to make sure that I
wasn't taking it out on her because she
has nothing to do with it
so now um I guess I go home I parked my
car here at a park and fly for no
fucking reason and I guess I just uh go
home sleep and wake up tomorrow morning
and then catch the next flight so crazy
you don't like this morning I had a
bunch of PRS and my spirits was so high
and then got a bunch of good things
happen today locked out a bunch of
emails working on doing a actual TV show
like online we were planning that out
cross your fingers I don't know if it's
gonna go through yet but there's a lot
of planning involved with that but
there's some serious producers that uh
that like actual TV producers that
already created shows that want to
structure a TV show around us handle all
those emails had a phone conference at 4
and then spoke at UCLA and then tonight
I can't fucked but uh that's life you
know so don't want to stay down for too
long and uh sorry if I came up harsh in
front of you guys but I just wanted to
share my frustration with you and the
good thing is is now you guys know that
uh if you ever have a gate on your
boarding pass that that's not permanent
and always double check the monitors
because you do not want what happened to
me to happen to you because it sucks ass
it it feels like you got lied to you
know
so told me that you didn't care if I
watch Alexander cause he's dumb I'm just
gonna watch another dumb movie okay
prolly Back to the Future 2 or something
I just get it now not five in my
barbecue
