good morning so today is gonna be a fun
day because it's JK party day one of my
favorite days it might not be Michael's
favorite day it is my favorite day I
love seeing everyone have fun and play
games and you know I feel like I am part
of the family and the people playing
even though I'm not are you being
sarcastic you mean for real I'm being
for reals
Shawn it's being sarcastic as of you
Caruso is sarcastic you freaking but I'm
really excited we're gonna play this
thing called secret healer today and
we're gonna be playing with Smosh and we
know that they're really good at this
game we're really good at strategy games
so I decided to see which crew is better
at the strategy of today yeah so I was
talking to Wes and I feel like they're
gonna kick our asses for sure just cuz
they come in and they have like this
aura of like really intelligent gameplay
already maybe I'm just being intimidated
I'm being maybe I'm being very insecure
with my own abilities I know my crew is
fucking solid but I feel like I'm gonna
ruin it for everyone with like what did
they say Sony the Hedgehog you know um
but yeah they've played secret Hitler a
lot I've never played it but I have
played games like resistant and like
Avalon was just the same thing right
yeah everyone resistance are pretty much
just yapping but it's like everyone has
that like King Arthur's even going yeah
yeah secret roles yeah so similar
concept I feel like at least that's how
I'm relating it in my own brain so that
I know how to process the roles in the
equation what social deduction
right yeah ken is a really good game
board player aka
player what oh well I feel like that
makes you pretty good choo-choo-choo
well that that is very true cos
sometimes when you're playing the game
especially with experts like you know
doing part um it is a lot to you know
play up to their level and there's a lot
of pressure there is there is and then
uh I think it's a very basic concept so
there was a recent feed a video that we
uploaded on JK pianos called say
anything right off camera I prep
everyone or we prep everyone means me
gillaspie fast was it think fast it's
called think fast
okay think fast think that um where you
literally say anything
that's why I thought it was saying
anything and then so they're prepped
off-camera okay so when we're on camera
I just give them very basic rules like
yeah you can say anything it doesn't
matter really what you say without
really thinking that Bart and Joe like
to be strategic and they like to win so
then they literally started saying
anything so it was like how do you feel
about politics and the way you're
supposed to be the game is the first
word that pops up in your brain but for
Bart he was like well how can I beat the
clock and how can I get everything done
so he was literally he literally just
strategize I'm gonna think of these
seven words I'm gonna say it doesn't
matter what the question is so it didn't
make sense and a lot of you guys not you
guys like on our channel cuz you guys on
our channel are pretty dope but a lot of
the jkp fans we're like geo city could
do anything and I'm like ah man this
sucks because they're really dumb you
guys aren't dumb but the jkp fans some
of them are really fucking dumb and then
there were other people on the comments
saying like dude that's not what was
meant like yes you have to say anything
but it has to be in relation to the
question asked so I don't even know who
I got on this round but anyway why are
you talking shit for about who about
people because I just I'm not here to
press what I'm here to be real I don't
like shit like triggered I don't like
shit like like super sensitive ask
people I don't that's just not let's
just not Bart in my steez I don't like
stuff like that so I'm just here to be
real I'm here to be myself through that
and you know if it offends anyone I'm
sorry that's not my goal but that just
means you're just not meant to be
friends you know like you're not friends
with everyone in high school and that's
okay that's all right you know you just
have your different circle of funds you
know what that's why great minds think
alike why you think the same way yeah
we're all real you know why are you
laughing I don't know but somebody I
just was just like you know you would
finish your spiel and then at the very
end and Justin is like you know what
yeah I agree yeah yeah I think alike
it's like yeah I'm so cool
you know I did not mean it like that do
you think we would have been friends in
high school yeah I mean I don't think
you would have been my friend I don't
know I heard about some crazy childhood
stories of yours in the leg I didn't
really associate with those kids you
know mine I was actually pretty good
okay in freshman year I was really good
I had like I was in AP classes I was in
honors classes which are I don't know
why they're different but I had AP and
honors I hung out with a lot of Asians
okay oh I had it hung out then you're
right equations yeah we're cool people
started coming around I did dude I was
such a fucked up person so I had my best
friend Tammy shoutout to you Tammy if
you're watching this she was a really
good student she played piano we had the
same parakeet like we had the same type
of bird just cuz like we just like
really like nerdy shit and then she just
started not wanting to do like shady
shit you know like she didn't want to
like go out with guys and and naik not
that I wanted to do that but I wanted to
have the option to do that she didn't
want to do drugs and stuff like I'm like
you're boring you're lame so then I
started smoking weed yes a swimmer and a
drug addict a drug addict I just like to
occasionally smoke weed that's it that's
all I think it would have been good
friends yeah yeah I think we would have
been fine I swim - oh good friends do
well we'd have been friends of Shawn I
think you would have been for I don't
know if you would have preferred the
shot I don't know I feel like I I um I
feel that could have been friends with
my case or something you know oh maybe
maybe you know Brandon you know like I
feel like Brendan's like cool with
everyone's like cool - everyone is yeah
yeah I'm gonna be a harness right here
you would have been my friend in class
wrong person a coffee he's really smart
really smart but he doesn't care you
know it's cool so this is the one thing
I really like about the generation now
is there is bullying but it's a
different style of bullying cuz like
when we were in high school that was
like legit what everyone did like we we
just had friends just so that we can
copy off of them and I was fucked up and
I feel like now you're the fucking loser
if you don't know what the answer is I
think that's what I feel like I don't
know what high school is like now it's
like you know 21 Jump Street yeah when
they go back and then it's like all the
cool people are like into you know
studying in yeah doing good for the
world it's like 66 gangsters you're
gonna yeah yeah yeah afterwards
I'm glad we're friends now guys we're
all friends and that's what matters
that's all that matters and I'm glad I
have you guys my fans in my life cuz
everyone else that's just that doesn't
vibe with just our way of thinking
they're just I don't know we're just not
meant to be friends
and it's okay sorry this is the dumb
shit we do alright so we want to figure
out what so Josh we though keep your arm
up so Josh has really long arms you
could touch that without really getting
on his tippy-toes what about you Sean
you mean you were the same height
looking the same height but many nickels
you guys are the same height yeah
what the fuck jump higher though I know
we're messing with all of his equipment
alright so we've already started filming
and today we have special guests we are
playing with the Smosh games now I want
to put them on blast too much but
they're right here thinking Instagram
pictures look miss D em look at that
she's telling them how to pose that's
awesome
look at that look at how oh my god
alright alright so yeah we're about to
play he's gonna start anything I knew it
I knew you're gonna start I gotta get
the visuals for this so yeah we're gonna
finish up the day here and then I think
I'm ready to go yes thank you guys hey
guys more families oh we free this is
this is my vlog you guys they don't know
what you're talking about like they were
moving us against our will Will Smith
Will Smith came in they pushed us
against it quick question okay we got it
we just got to back away back away
alright so going home now we had a great
fun time with them they were super
awesome
I can't wait for guys to see those
videos they're really really freaking
cool but now I got to go home I got
actually get my rack hitch I'm giving it
to my sister so that's what Bart is
right now try to move everything so that
we can get this rat cage
I could throw that one out and it just
feels so bad for Papa because he doesn't
feel good do I'm gonna throw this stuff
out would it be easier for you or us
just throw it away yeah like all the
inside stuff throw the whole racket
Julie yeah my sister wants it though
sorry all right
hey guys so already home been home for a
minute spend some QT or quality time
with my boy Tyga um cuz I got home I
don't reason Bowl time I think I got
home like that poor which is cool he was
still awake spent some really cool time
with him I've read him a book today I
read him I read in Tarzan and it was
super cute because I had him sitting
here facing me and I just had the book
in front of me like this
and he was just so fascinated intrigued
by all the pictures so that was really
cool and I think I'm gonna start doing
it now he's 2 months and he's slowly
being able to like stabilize and hold
his head and he's getting more
interested in his visions getting better
so getting more interested in a lot of
colorful pictures so I will continue
that habit and make it more of a routine
before I put him to bed
I'll read him a little book a little
story and then knock him out
speaking of the dude it is 1:30 a.m. and
I've been able to get some work done I
said put him to sleep at 10:00
and this is how I work and monitor him
and I'll be here he kind of had a slight
fever because he just had his shot
sister days so he had a little fever
today so I gave him some medicine and he
feels good and um my boy is big he
didn't know from yesterday's vlog he he
weighs 14 pounds and my pediatrician
gave me this little chart so that I can
give him the proper dosage so he's 14
pounds so he falls into this range right
which means he has 2.5 milliliters but
when they're about 12 to 17 pounds
they're usually 6 to 11 months how nuts
is that my boy is a monster he's in the
I think 85th percentile in the weight in
his weight pots and he's in the 98th
percentile in his height so that's
really really cool but yeah so it's been
cool I got some work done I guess I
spent some quality time with my baby and
then while motschi was here too so that
was really nice but yeah I think it's
almost 2 a.m. and it's almost time for
him to wake up for his first feeding of
the night so I think I'm just gonna
start getting ready for bed by the time
I unwind and begin to start getting
tired at least for today it's not every
day I hope hug be waking up psycho feed
him Oh in the meantime though I'm
watching Wilin out with my boy Tim and I
don't think him in this part yet but
yeah that's pretty cool
my friends are famous anyway on that
note thank you guys so much for watching
hope you guys enjoyed my day Smosh games
it's pretty freakin awesome I love those
people and I hope we get to do more
collaborations with them in the future
but yeah have a good night good morning
good evening good afternoon
by
