good morning everyone gotta write when
I'm about to record to get a text from
my friend Bryce Lewis Bryce Lewis and
Carl Erskine coach
me and him are working on something but
yeah this morning is is one of the very
few and rare morning's that I have all
to myself and a nice peaceful and quiet
environment
Nadeem he went to go train geo went to
the JK films office to start planning
out the JK party shoots for the day and
so I kind of have like a few hours to
myself where I get to work read some
YouTube comments yes I do read it's not
even focusing a little but I do read
some of the YouTube comments I try to
skim through it and we have a lot of
videos on all of our channels so it's
hard for us to get to every single one
of the comments but I do try to at least
on me and Jill's personal channel to
really pull through a lot of the
comments because this is our personal
lives and see what you guys have to say
and see what other aspects of our life
you would like to see and just to prep
for um my morning little Zen work
session I went to Starbucks actually and
I got my my turkey bacon sandwich and a
fresh oj oh don't forget the
multivitamins over there just so that
like when I work I don't really like to
be interrupted and I don't like to get
up I want to get up out of my seat too
many times so before I sit down I try to
get everything out of the way so usually
I'll go to the bathroom and I'll take a
piss I like put my contacts inside and I
will get like a headache later on and
then I'll go buy food and I kind of have
everything set up at my station so that
once I start working I don't have to
leave my chair for at least a good two
hours because I noticed that every time
I leave my chair and I learned this in
college actually every time I leave my
chair I get distracted like I'll end up
going on what's going on with my phone
or oh there's that show I need to watch
and I'll watch that or I'll go like look
at my friend what's my friend doing or
someone will text me in the middle of a
sprint and you know I'll talk know
sprint
so the one will text me in the middle
and I get caught up on my phone or like
I'll going on the fridge not at all cool
there's freaking ice cream I start
eating that so it's easy it's really
easy for me to get distracted so what I
try to do is I just take all my bare
necessities on my bail and necessities
and I put it next to me my water I pee
first
I eat my food and I just sit here in a
really comfortable place with nice
ventilation so I don't get hot cuz I
also get hot easily I do something like
a princess by now but at least I know
what my faults are and so I try to
eliminate all those distractions I even
turn my phone off so I can get to work
for good like really focused one hour
too and for those of you guys who also
notice that you guys get distracted
easily I would recommend the same
especially if you're trying to study
because when you're trying to study
something especially a subject you
normally like it's easy for your body to
be pulled out of a chair or pulled out
of whatever supposed to do all what's my
buddy doing Oh shouldn't go check out on
what my dogs are doing over there oh
let's go a little take a little nap you
know and so it's good to just kind of
eliminate all of that provide a a small
little environment that's conducive to
your success we can knock out goals and
every time I sit down to I also set a
few goals for myself so I don't just
work aimlessly I'll be like okay I got
two hours realistically I can apply a
knock out all my emails check some
comments I can really write back in
depth on these two or three emails
working on work on this script a little
bit and then plan out what I'm gonna do
for tomorrow's meeting and like I give
myself realistic goals so that way I'm
not just working and then I'm like we
could I work too much or got work not
enough I give myself those two hours of
work time and I also give myself a goal
to accomplish during those two hours so
that when I'm done not only do I feel
accomplished for working for two hours I
also feel accomplished accomplishing the
goals that I actually want to do so
that's something you guys could probably
help you guys out too because this is
just something I learned throughout
college and draw all my early years of
being entrepreneur trying to set up JK
and all that stuff and this has really
really helped me what are you guys
watching
star wars battlefront NewsHour's game
that's coming out next month
oh it's a game yeah you don't play you
don't play as one of the main character
you play as a soldier guys when you work
your rank up oh shit we're gonna pick up
another story mode you play as I don't
remember
is there a mode Oh weren't you talking
about taking it out yeah I'm not sure
exactly what the result is
are you guys excited for the movie oh
hell yeah oh my god what is that coming
on December yeah same day as the
revenant yeah what's that
you know decad oh wait Tom Hardy the
creation Allah be with you guys in
America Hermia and he like ate like
little lot of wild food like brawl mommy
like Ryan said he's going for the Oscar
this year
it was me open up again oh you should
have got it like 10 times already
oh yeah yeah got a wolf of Wall Street
Wall Streeters good Rick won best actor
who did win this check who's the boss
what's his name the guy who mentored him
he got a did he get a word oh shit
what's his name again
the guy who mentored him and acting
where in the film the guy who did the
thing Conahan I think we can't didn't
get anything I think yeah I heard Dallas
buyers club oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
that was a senior oh wait oh not 2015
2040 I think it was the same here yeah
senior he got it done Scott was good
yeah I'm asking honey honey about it
Best Picture what are the communist goes
pretty good you just feel bad for the
other yeah you pull it but it's good
like it's still a good like performance
like for sure but not all the like
there's a bunch of actors who are really
good at math on that yet
mr. Gary Oldman well doesn't know that
Gary Oldman got it for a Tinker Tailor
Soldier Spy d not-so-happy wrong Gary
Oldman who's Gary Oldman aye
he's detective Gordon and Batman Oh
Sirius Black and Harry Potter proud of
me award for best art he's a bad guy in
the fifth element and you never know
what oh using um that uh yeah he got it
for tinker toys okay okay there we go so
he has gotten one no he was also known
what's that one with the French dude
good morning morning what French dude um
via the other professional there you
like Arial manga yeah well DePaul he's
so he's English yeah damn he's good I
thought he was American he was serious
he's got a really good he's got a really
good American accent though Gary Oldman
is English yeah British oh damn make
sure when you who Gary Oldman you don't
leave out the art good why have you done
that before on purpose Canada I think
what he was looking for was gay Oldman
then he actually put the art in it it
was what the hell this actor bullshit I
don't want to see this crap I want to
see the gay old guys do you have a
favorite actor Brendan Robert De Niro of
all time let your favorite actor time
what about the current out of the
current generation the last last five
years all right
Neil's pretty good I like Chris I just
looked up Christoph Waltz oh yes I think
he's very awesome
he's probably my favorite entertaining
nice Tom Hardy Christian Bale those
doesn't have to be Chris not boss
I like Chris Pratt just on a personal
standpoint yeah that's right seems like
a chill guy like I feel like I could
hang out with Chris Frantz everybody
hang out with I don't know if I'd hang
out with Leo but like I could hang out
Chris crap you know he was a homeless
and tell you was 25 in Hawaii yeah you
know I thought those Chris Pratt yeah
Chris Pratt you thought yes Chris Pratt
yeah yeah no no Chris Paulus homeless
toes 25 like drum running in a car like
oh my god
well that's Hawaii you can be homeless
for like ever
that also goes to show like a lot of
people darn a rush to be successful
there's not gonna worry about just be
homeless and then no boy you know what
you good yeah before you know you're a
millionaire
start with Parks and Rec man yeah just
everyone has their own time hardly I
wasn't a dick though and personally want
to see my sees me here oh you have a
spear you brought it where is it
you'll bring it in to the other said he
accidentally scraped it on the country
the other day yes sparks flew oh sure
the first time you got it that's hot
yeah he said that's how sharp it is dang
it sparks a indicator how sharp it is or
the material loss trauma metal yes hmm
what's going on over here mod bare eye
makeup there's not let alone do anything
the back of her head looks like a
tumbleweed
I got it think that's very cute thank
you
they're trying to make your eyes more
Asian no that's what all the Asian girls
do they put an eyeliner I thought
because I was feeling this game bill or
Haley no you're doing the Asian style
makeup okay just giving the illusion
that I have eyelash is he mine I think
that's what everyone thinks for ages
could you do Asian style makeup know
every girl puts on her the girls wear
eyeliner along with mutters but you do
it extra thick though like the Asian
girl is Malia Asian girls do it like
anything for you yeah they do really
good I say Joe Spears here good all
right where's your spear all my goodness
oh damn I got around
that's a harpoon dude that's a
straight-up harpoon you know people and
give you a couple rate holy guacamole
you got stitches from it no no no from
the gay Oldman
yeah you see where you're like naked oh
my god on the floor in a fucking sparked
that looks fucking sharp as fuck yeah we
gotta fucking snap can you hold this for
me yeah go baby boxes wanna move out of
post e3 eyes Nimoy's yes my dear
that's my spear man this is fucking
sharp as hell you modest I had to put it
together you did yeah this is how like
this it comes to be assembled how did
you attach the handles is just press put
on or is it like a screwed one this yeah
you just have to tell my wants to buy
ones of this your something ready you
got some luggage around look what can I
stab I'm just lucky I threw it in the
air and fucking landed it landed in a
box yeah I'm gonna kill some box you
know I used to make my own homemade
Spears I was a kid i disassemble mom's
broomstick yeah and then I'll get a
screwdriver then I would love to oh my
god hang it all all day like at the
backyard of his fucking chucking that
thing this is a bad game kilo what
fucking spear Leo night is I need a
three deepest mad gods box yes it's too
small of a party we need to attack
something couch yeah no that's gonna
destroy though I got a way looking for
here don't have it perfect it's all
phony wait a min maybe so need you I'll
use wait a minute just gotta be wait a
minute
oh this is you can't even fit through
the door I got an idea all this is oh no
you guys have my good idea what's your
idea
tell me I have one hand it's someone up
about the hold the spear gun hand as
well close your eyes y'all be good guys
dump it out all right we're ready
ha ha ha so outside oh shit it
yeah I'll time well yes you want to stab
my chute
yes on top to see if you could nail it
oh you're gonna chuck the spear at the
shoe I'm just gonna Chuck in it though
what if like it hits the ground and it
bends it oh that's true I just want to
oh yeah okay this helped me think
ha ha ha have it oh my god where she
just older than Tommy can we kill the
dummy no we just stopped it oh that's
handmade what can we what whose laptop
is this she was just record you want to
Bart running down slow-mo the whole tree
hunches shot yeah yep slow moss where's
Nina that would be like Oprah or
something nice discount I got you
something better the problem behind that
should do a bootleg 300 shot right now
it's cool just that one just destroy
anything this is actually something I
only I mean we're gonna be a working
room in the new office we got it there's
got to be something we don't need it we
should just go to the new office and
that place of being under renovation
yeah just punch a bunch of holes in the
wall a lot of Italian don't need yeah I
know we can you leave it there fix it ha
ha about this trash can
no need what's your step of us um
I'll set it up
set this up and Isaac's off school ready
oh no we need a girl oh I have an idea
I'm gonna put water in that pot I'm
logging whoo-hoo
flag down that Mars vlogging guys we
deflate the water what's in the puck
what about the stabbing with the spear
this Joe Spears I got it's sharp you you
don't need that dusky understand no more
no I gotta reload we're gonna destroy
all this water we just got the top part
of it all so it won't fly away all right
the good myth then we get into the ring
are you doing here outside I set up a
hair ready oh okay sorry never mind
yeah I couldn't we if we did it outside
the neighborhood Joshua this is like
that's ready for on my old school no
electronics there right oh no you need
to put a little like red fur oh yeah
beside don't suck uh the more people
know where it is the Oscar the Chinese
bad Shaolin monk style yeah thank you
you see it in my room really hang what
are those fake cookie to touch it
sharpest now with the kid died here okay
do you see all of my kids
yeah that we literally kill the adult Oh
three it went through the whole I went
through the would you like butter
oh it's really sharp don't touch it
careful careful
ah I don't want to save the wetland with
dirty Mexican blood only royal blood
only royal blood isn't allowed can't
look so scary what you're doing right
now only royal blood Casey you want to
try it I'm good put your little skills
to use
Oh everybody's hand last year I don't
want to break him or hand alright I
guess it's my turn
you could try you go always gonna hold
it light this hellish art though is you
apply that much pressure I try to
establish all my might
Oh how much was it it was like to see
any box make room for endless
entertainment you are goes behind the
door oh gosh this is the whole file in
3d let's go to the water - oh no way out
of it tight
yeah now I want to learn how to throw
this ha
durian here full of God man you know
you're solely pathetic
I need it for the shot man than anything
for the shot so because California gun
laws are really strict I don't think I'm
going to shoot anybody anytime soon but
just in case if someone intrudes my
house I'm going to be waiting at the
door like this one and as soon as they
open the door I'm gonna die and then
twist it and twist it like this one ah
twist and saying you're gonna ask them a
question
how are you doing in my house Jill's
getting ready to shoot the intro for the
game we're gonna play it for JK party
fly them
that's film talk for it get those Dane
to help out get that out mother fuck the
bitches I'm gonna roll fries junkies be
done yeah yeah mm whoa you owe me
spilling George's I know I'll call I'll
call understand right
that's feeding
and actually hey what's that icky party
people today we're playing a really fun
game and one of my personal favorite
website sorry it's a water bottle ah
that was mine I was thirsty
thank you okay no well man anything on a
format please color format allowed
memory hey everybody kind of format
everything general I roll yeah
actually well rolls yeah yeah blue reset
that one right yeah it's already
formatted so alright speech we're all
eating actually hey what's up deke party
people today we're playing a really fun
game called urban dictionary game and
this is one of my personal favorite
websites especially with all of you guys
that comment 80s or I don't know
whatever you guys are commenting like
all these acronyms I have to use that
website to look it up but this size of
the game okay is it a tip ask the feels
I don't have to pee or some shit like
yeah yeah yeah or DTF DTF or DSL okay
speed us a speeding say us a no one
knows what that is actually
hey with the J key party people we are
back and playing another fun game for
you guys this head we were playing urban
dictionary game and this is seriously
one of my favorite websites cuz you guys
write has comments below and fucking
quacking motherfucker that's not mine it
was someone else's cell phone you're the
only one to have to come on Kenny button
boy what no liar we're still rolling
no rolling reset guys I'm getting out of
here get out of here
watch out there be ruthless
again this time we are playing urban
dictionary all right sauce fucking
everything I'm sorry I'm gonna put the
phone but the camera fuck everything
about it
hey what's up thank you for people see
we're playing a really fun game guys
then that sounds like with the nervous
adjust your anus Oh mommy's here
oh yeah I can no no it's okay we need
more salt
yeah yeah do i spilt it for me 4 3 2 2 1
of a 7 people now we got a arranged
accordingly
no I'll move oppositely if you guys yeah
to me pinky just before the we rearrange
cameras and shit no it's not cameras it
says we have to figure out which camera
can fit three people and probably this
one pretty Center I'll be done one this
I probably have a job three two smallest
opponents anyway okay so like why you
guys and I guess Josh cuz he looks small
my system funny wise like his shoulders
wide oh that's that David are you
secondly facil I think consider ugly
this time you're going to hit on me a
pretty equal mmm
Tasha with and then I'm pretty sure Joe
in barn a lot wider
yeah well just see how we frame it I
don't even know just an actual Urban
Dictionary game that HS it was on sale
when I see that's really cool
cows are both mites are you guys excited
to play this are you guys excited to
play this game yeah
actually hired her like like I know I
don't know that much thing I don't know
these are pretty funny though
really you're you've been cheating so
when you're playing this game all you've
been cheating yeah I've been game
playing so when you guys play this game
think card cards against humanity yeah
but these are the cards that you're
trying to win yeah and then these are
the cards that I'm not sending I just
saw just reach and these are the same
piles I just made it other fancy got it
I'll watch your ass to make sure I like
this one a basic bitch just an extra
super regular female okay well we can't
use that anymore so just kidding no no
put it back in there somewhere
all right on a basic bitch bad thing
extra super regular there's something
good enough nobody wants to be a basic
bitch I do yep what is your basic this
is how you guys play the game okay each
player draws eight yellow cards for
their hand hey hey can you grab a table
um for me thank you Jeff we're playing
urban dictionary game okay one two three
four five ten seven hey Josh it's you're
dead center you'll be the judge grab a
blue card right josh is the worst judge
judge now when I showed no one else look
at you I mean no one else show the court
falls right nobody show you a heart
anyone else you can look at your cards
not a con job
we'll look at the horse together that's
what I just I promise that is why she
just said I don't know I got in here I
love that case oh I like this word I
like this word I know what down
and I know what timing is you guys oh
yeah yeah yeah I just be in good and
just like a couple inches oh we want to
see what that one is
yeah I screwed up yeah so look at these
cards here three cards I don't know what
that one is
okay so there's these blue cards can you
guys read upside down yes look got one
that's blank hold on
um so everything I'm talking about the
blue card specifically don't like this
okay
so then one will say like if I show you
this picture what you would say and then
you match it with whatever guard is in
here there's an opponent said if I say
hashtag guilty-pleasure
you would say and then you match it um
there are some cards that look like this
it says draw act or draw um I don't want
you guys to draw anything so everything
on this card you guys are gonna have it
okay back you go so when you get one of
these cards it says um the jet so
everyone's going to put down one of
their cards that they want to choose in
the center face up okay and then the
judge is gonna look at what pit what
what's saying they like the best and
without saying anything they're gonna
start acting it out
so let's say I'm saying like a basic
bitch right babble that was the card
then I start acting like a basic
bitch'll you guys start looking at all
the cards and whoever thinks that they
can guess what it is
picks the card and then they give it to
the judge guess what you're acting yes
that's only for that card for that draw
or a score exactly okay and that's who
the one acting the judge yeah and then
that's how you get a point that's just
for these cards we're gonna have to run
that do so I'm kind of lost
okay I know always thanks pearl yeah
what do we do with the blank one shit
look at it out can we see it cuz it says
write your own and I'm not creative
enough oh yeah then we want you to
anyone else basic fuck damn well fucking
card okay so all other players give the
judge their best yellow card again like
cards and humanity um facedown
that completes the prompt of the blue
card so that's your answer so you would
give him since he's a judge you're fat
you're your best answer says the judge
rereads the blue card with each hello
card out loud you get that
dan that I look confident did you see
that the judge fix this funniest yellow
card well as I don't know what the phone
okay yeah all right
you know what's going on yeah so then um
you you always want to keep eight cards
in your hands once you give one out
we're gonna turn off see um then you
replenish it again so you're always
gonna have any car you could yeah lots
just not good okay why are you smiling
Josh you always smile that's basically
it
first player with five blue cards wins
all right okay that's it wow so we're
playing a run-through yeah
so you already have the blue card read
it out loud Rooker I would watch the
golf if it included ranked Nick let's
look it through these cars in I would
watch golf
it included link here I choose this how
much is this our guys all right Larry
now this song you saw this one before
yes I you can pull an hour okay what
classic movie pull it no so now you just
read your blue with your answers in I
would watch it off if it included
snuggle fuckin read the definition and
cuddling to foreplay - sounds nugge like
this is done game we just played
baseball game earlier you need the
version g20 and ugly cry crying so hard
you lose some children face muscles make
awkward sounds only good from your eyes
yeah hmm cactus legs a woman's legs
after not shaving I was called cactus
leg I had gone I was watching
women with cactus leg yeah right I'm
done with that
a puppy boo Carlo oh my god library her
face in the palaver all nine love in
effect I would watch called the fit of
that yeah
puppy bucock I knew of an amateur who
thinks he's an expert not a really
fucking noobs having farts wait I say
Lance Blanche
Lynch let me see man having far Blanche
having fart Blanche I'm restricted
freedom to fight anywhere at any time
this is your winner it's always nothing
you're a puppy bukkake I snuggle you
would watch called a puppy bukkake god
damn it why did you choose snuggle
fucking rocky oh okay so now she gets a
point with a medium like hey well I got
uh snuggle fuckin do I get two points
huggabug is pretty funny I had practice
legs I thought that's pretty funny for
fun I'd watch it if every girl had
cactus legs alright so Bart you're gonna
do the active so draw eight yellow cards
place them face up or draw out one of
them without speaking first player to
guess and grab the card wins so I just
picked I pick one card right yeah I
gotta act it out yeah one of our cards
well if one of us have to grab it it
should be in the middle V show because
if it's if it's displayed in front of us
you can't grab it you oh so you're gonna
draw eight cards for me I know should I
make it more of a challenge and put
eight cards that we've never seen
yeah just draw eight cards cuz I don't
think it should be part of your original
card stack thank you people can everyone
see that
nice gotta act out one of them right
yeah you know what I thought was pretty
funny
so um what night was it
do you remember what night it was where
you guys went out one day night was it
Sunday night did I think we're you guys
yesterday
nothing good is not do it I don't tell
in the mood we did not David dad that
what were you guys you guys met up with
Julie yeah I mean so it was pretty funny
because um it was just me and Adeem
hanging out and that was like one of the
first times where I'm not hanging out
with Geo
so I felt so like almost like like
causeless you know I had no cause so I
was just laying there watching movies
with Nadeem and I by hating team are you
hungry like I thought it since I wasn't
there to take care of GOI to take care
of someone else it's all day today
you're hungry you want something and he
goes no I'm not hungry
mother I'm order food I'm ordering
something anyways and then me and Dean
decided to watch a movie so we started
watching uh this Korean film and then
about halfway in it KC texted Nadine and
me he goes hey I made ribs he's like
he's like you want me to you want me to
bring it over and then me and oedema
like hell yeah and then I was like oh
yeah that's cuz TIFF went to go you with
geo twos okay he's probably at home
cause this to you thinking fuck what the
hell do I do with myself
and as I end up coming over he end up
coming over with Isaac and eating his
ribs and stuff I thought it was uh I
thought was pretty cute because um
tomorrow I'm gonna have dinner with a
longtime friend and you're gonna be
stuck alone and you're gonna be like
what do I do with a puppet
no be pretty busy all day tomorrow
really I'm shooting all day and then I
have a meeting I might yeah well I guess
I guess you won't be that yeah why you
come over you could come over and hang
out with busy bgo every not gonna happen
wednesdaya Joey nevermind I have
newspaper Julian god dammit ha ha me and
Casey dammit I think you told me
he take the beat like a young guy
whatever like they're inviting the a
little player good till biggest love
money on to Edinburgh divisional like
you're a grown-ass man just make the
plan somehow in time maybe doesn't wanna
make it matter something how do you
think you think like I think in his mind
monster of a girlfriend that he meets at
or else I'm gonna get mad like once
you've made a plan let me take this like
please take a step back and just ask for
permission in the first place and then
it just is no plan so just keep it
condemned ruin but can't you see that
guys just want to make the girlfriend's
happy because I do the same with Jill
where she tells me the same thing like
just do it and I'm like no but I want
you to get mad at me are you talking
about
you always filled with some weird stuff
that does not happen like I like I had a
biggest crush on Antonio Vendetta I'm
like every single mexican chick has a
crush on Antonio do you have a crush on
Pablo Escobar
he's like Nick well I do I love fresh
out of hell yeah after you're the actual
real bottom has a deep bass voice
yeah chuckles the fucking shit washer it
is a suck around you ever watched
markle's you should get on it's really
good
what's about Pablo Escobar he's like a
Colombian drug dealer kingpin but also
one of like Forbes top 50 what
wealthiest men of all time billionaire
he's insane the stuff that is able to
accomplish and do is insane i watch some
Netflix
it's insane please no order
mamacita Bonita and you wanna order a
sushi thing why I want beef teriyaki too
unless I order that on the side all
therefore that's like yeah two entrees
can I tell you what I usually get might
come here yeah I actually get this I
usually get the talking and then I order
a bunch of sushi ala carte oh you don't
have to try the halibut here is off the
chain the halibut is bomb and the Toros
bomb - this is where me Joe and David
always have our business
Tuesday meetings and Michael so we know
this place good
hell yeah I'm uh I'm a VIP over here Wow
I hope you hook it up no they never do
Oh once they did they hooked us up with
some fried sardine specials bomb all
right
I don't know fry the Spanish mackerel
baby Spanish mackerel oh oh it look like
sardines
we're doing a Tommy salmon I do like
Santa but I'm probably gonna get the
humane small giving oh not boundary not
that hungry
are you gonna try a sushi for the first
time I will try good really you gotta
get ready but you gotta get ready for
Japan though yeah
I already broke me this one break again
today this has got to be like a patty is
Toro fatty
I have ever seen this looks like
straight-up rib I do oh I wanted that um
coke with extra ice Coco cool yeah yeah
an exercise are you a connoisseur of
coral how much you want to get back yeah
whoa and in Japan oh it was delicious
I've never seen money found this I know
holy blog like minion are you excited to
try that all I'm excited for you do you
Tora laughing oh no
oh thank you so delicious I want to get
your guys's reaction on the tour oh all
right
I'm sure your buddies are it is that
thing look straight up like beef
it's like the buttery is fish in the
universe holy butter your time markets
on admire yeah sorry I don't see you go
on everybody real what always been lay
down telling you really need to work oh
yeah so on the far right we have Spanish
mackerel I would like to try a mob
barrister stuff on my plate first okay
so yeah fine are you sorry you always
want to go against the grain
I'm not high school let's go babe can
you try this ice cream like a melt first
I'll let it melt mmm is it a shot
yes Jay scallop out
that's mine thank you very much
okay yes please
you don't like it is that bad boy soft
or what do you know kemberly teasing
what what is a white fish Robin
technically hot okay like it why they
did
Oh Ted don't worry see I was telling you
I wanted to jump in to let her know not
to put wasabi but you told me to hold on
tell me why it was your only let me do
this consistently
I know if I wanted to save everyone but
I wasn't able to save everyone and now
people anything would stop people let me
do it to say we do it because other
people change
and company about ooh
now this use a cucumber oh yeah okay
the Spanish mackerel is bombed aha we'll
take leave together and I'll find me a
soap box what is shouting
solo
sigh door
