good morning today he's a working unit
of turtles wrong day I should have a
little bit of a office setup now in my
home and it's kind of in the worst place
well
best place for the house okay place for
me it's not really an office it's
actually in our den like this area of my
house so over there is a living room and
then this is kind of where Aaron and I
me and that's like peril samples there's
really not much else going on back here
except for like just white walls and
ceiling fan and then we have the
skylight so here's my current monitor
setup my little workstation it's pretty
cool um I feel like now I have like
expanded my vision cuz I was always
working off of my laptop right here
it's like 15-inch MacBook Pro and I felt
like you know I needed a bunch of
windows open but then I had to keep
switching back and forth and I felt like
I was just looking through a little
window but now I feel like I have like
both eyes open and it's pretty cool
Wi-Fi like it'd be more efficient more
effective and work a lot more haha um
but no one's home I'm just chilling just
working just listening to I think right
now listening to let's see who I'm
listening to right now Alabama Shakes I
even knew that I told he knew that
here's my current here's just some of
the music I like to listen to I have
some DJ shadow disclosure Eminem flux
pavilion hiatus coyote James Blake Jose
Gonzalez that's not my cousin he's
actually really dope musician Justin
Timberlake Kanye Neff pas de Lumineers
McLemore Magic Michael Jackson of course
Pantera for the fucking gym
for all Ted or totally enormous extinct
dinosaurs this one was the remix you to
because he's fucking force themselves in
my fucking life
I never downloaded the shit bastards
Benny Goodman which is amazing if you
guys don't know who he is you guys will
know him because of this song check it
out yep told you you guys knew who he
was I was kind of into swing for a
minute in high school and kind of
revisiting that again what's up with
that deadmau5 Frank Ocean J Cole John
Mayer little dragon everyone Skrillex
Stevie Wonder Tommy Sh
amazing Tommy she's one of my favorite
Tom your songs at the moment
there's a few of them but there's one of
them wale the list goes on and on and on
yeah I have a pretty eclectic taste in
music but I love either watching super
stupid movies as I work just for
background noise or I like listening to
music and right now I'm listening to
music Pez as you saw there is no TV in
sight in this room it's like completely
bare nothing going on here but yeah
that's a party by ourselves I'm here for
some therapy session relieve some stress
throw some shit around
Adam moderate speed because I'm still in
rehab my chest isn't belittled so it's
gonna be a moderate it a moderate
moderate stress free throw shit around
sesh it was so weird let me see very
sure you so I was benching and I got I
don't even know if you could see it but
like I make internally bleeding here and
I wasn't even bitching anything I
literally just picked up the bar which
is 45 pounds and I think just stretching
out my chest caused it to like stretch
the skin which is good that needs to
happen that means I just haven't been
mobilizing well enough um
but hey whatever
black
Oh
this is a crime
back
it's so low
just start over
those are fake plates by the way we just
keep them out barb also when people want
to film like yard
we just have them they're made out of
styrofoam so you're about to witness
it's not real life it's all fake see
fake it's not real
he's kidding Nadeem over there is gonna
edit and he's gonna make it move faster
how did the fake plates feel that
they're made out of styrofoam
oh so that's all fake yeah when it bends
like that it does it's fate awaits you
are real strong motherfucker for sure
and he's huge he's a fucking seven feet
tall he's real you think the creek
she's the sweetest guy ever Bob like it
scared
okay Risa does it dumb sit oh good job
Ricky I was trying to get that bitch to
sit for the past like 20 minutes she's a
bitch and she wouldn't do it
what's a male doctor bitch oh bitch oh
hey hey come on fool wait no no no we
aren't you gonna eat it you didn't like
it I like you but like think about it
oh my god addy my just heat it they're
gonna have that diarrhea oh no no oh my
god
your baby stop stop
three career Greek mir3 sit sit
damn it I dreaded to do it before sit
read you think you're seeing wag your
tail wallet where your tail more that's
what she hears briefs it fine motion
going sit growling sit crik crik briefs
it
she's trying to litter likes you pretty
sick breathe
Ricky sit oh all right you're so funny
we'll take leave together and I'll find
me a soapbox what is shouted
and right here safely Marseille was that
fun yeah that's pretty fun
