so fun is being a brat cuz I'm not
letting her come in let's see if she
barks see it's a team what are you doing
why are you being a brat oh now you are
talk to you in front of the camera why
are you being a brat do I come inside oh
oh what do I come inside how did that do
you wanna come inside huh yes or no come
on come inside come on come inside
hurry up come here come here huh come on
come here
come on fun come here jeez you're
welcome inside - okay come here up up
come on good girl
come here
Oh
remember this guy I hope we smashing
this fucking finger and hits his head on
that barbell I hope he smashes his nuts
on it that safety bar everyone keeps
asking for you where have you been
we fuck around all day
oh what a beautiful people so not too
much has changed in terms of in terms of
my programming I'm just trying to
increase weights by 2.5 or 5 pounds each
week on this rehab program is really
kicking my ass because it's just so much
repetition and just making sure that you
know I don't get injured along the way
I'm still listening to my doctor's
advice not trying to lift anything super
crazy for these three months it's only
been like about a month and a half close
to two months and I did talk to him and
I asked him hey you know what like you
did prescribe that I don't lift anything
more than you know five pounds but I'm
like but I'm also an athlete I'm a
competitive athlete and you know would
it be okay if I lift a little bit more
he's like honestly this is just advice
that I give to the average person cuz
not the average person or female
specifically is an athlete so he's like
um you know you have because you're an
athlete you do have decent body
awareness so he's like I trust the fact
that you know you'll know when there's a
muscle that feels wrong or something's
about to crap he's like I know you
understand your body so he's like just
do it in moderation don't push yourself
too hard don't try to go him don't try
to be fancy he's like you know just
listen to your body if you feel some
sort of discomfort take it easy if you
don't he's like it's okay to rehab and
push yourself a little bit more on you
know he's like you're clearing up this
the scar tissue you know you're
stretching out the skin he's like so all
this stuff is normal that you're telling
me that you're feeling he's like but
again please just take it easy so that's
what I've been doing um so not too much
variation or change and my workout has
happened recently
you guys keep seeing the same thing over
and over again but the only thing that
happened today that I was super proud of
was that I was able to in Iraq um a
barbell that was 45 pounds prior to that
I was only able to do the women's bar
which is 25 pounds and today I was able
to bench it for a bit I didn't get to
add any weight on it just because my
trans felt so odd like I can feel the
implant resting on top of the on top of
the muscle I mean I don't know that's
how surgically it is because I know it's
you know a portion of the muscle is over
the implant but um you know I could feel
it it just fell odd like it wasn't
discomfort but it was just this this
unnatural feeling and I just I guess I
have to get used to so I took it really
so that's how you see me benching here
and the benching portion of it is just a
slow descent and then I
even try to explode from the bottom
pushing it you know pushing it up it's
just like you know whatever my body
naturally wanted to do I just allowed it
to do that of course though you know
keeping tension and and not trying to
over exert anything so I just did three
sets with no weight at all 45 pounds I
was actually pretty proud myself and
it's so crazy because my previous PR is
I mean you know 120 and that was already
easy um so it's it's been an interesting
humbling experience I don't know if any
of you guys you know guys or girls out
there that know of people of women with
implants that you know bench
specifically on end power lift if you
guys can give me some sort of tips or
advice or just how you guys overcame
this rehab portion of it that would be
greatly appreciated but guys please
never forget I don't know what the fuck
I'm talking about I'm never giving you
guys advice so anytime you guys call me
out on something it's like well no shit
you know I'm learning just as much as
you are so I'm not here to train you
guys I'm not here to give you guys any
advice I'm just here to show you guys my
progress show you guys my programming
and hopefully there's some insight in my
mistakes you guys can learn so please
please please never forget that thank
you so much for supporting me thank you
so much you follow my progress until
next time y'all appears
guys hmm why are we all like this right
now we're waiting for Kiki's room well
besides that there's like no energy in
the room won't played a very very high
intense game that almost gave everyone a
heart attack
what did it feel like felt like all of
our energy was being drained and so now
you just feel like no everyone looks
jacked up how do you guys all go drum
how do you guys feel I feel fucking
exhausted like I just took a final exam
verse of it pretty tired
so my lazy and my armpits are wet and
sweaty and sticky oh that's chilly do
look pretty girly boys smells good stay
away what is it doing that
again so it smells really good smells
good
you're weird oh my weird let me see I'm
just showing off thank you oh shit it
actually smells like nothing it smells
like the soap he uses because I just was
good then yeah yeah I smell Mike none of
us I've ever I was laying on your chest
and also what is that pungent odor it
smelled like someone just started
cutting onions up all over the house and
I realize it just came from their little
puppy paws oh my puppy toes hey I can't
help that I'm a real woman okay how's
Robbie toes this butter puppy toes for
people's organs you say it's so good cuz
Pepito is like calling a guy poppy you
know oh you're like Oh poppy or papacito
but then Pepito's like maybe kinda cute
too
wait tell me again about what you what
do you got to buy what do you need bongo
drums I'm gonna get a Congo the Congo
I got a measure how big how I'm gonna
get the little bongos I'm gonna get a
conga drum how did you arrive to this
conclusion well I always wanted bongos
and conga drums and I wanted to get it
to percussion style and I never had
money to buy it but now I got a little
bit of money so now I could buy this
conga drum did giving it that expensive
40 bucks I hope I did turn up
you really were that strapped for cash
back in the day yeah well no the ones
that I wanted there are a hundred bucks
that's why I don't know why Oh business
a mini it's it's a mini so I have to
measure it it's big enough
maybe it's the size of your arm I know
so they lied yeah that's why with 40
bucks
oh that makes sense what who is that
or oh my god the real star-lord
oh it's Isaac this is cool can you
explain your costume to me oh cool
did your friend did you take this to
school no oh are you gonna take it to
school ready oh you just couldn't wait
you just had to put it on right away how
do you feel in a do feel buff look at
your muscles you have a six-pack in you
look at your muscles on your arms
they're huge
yeah all that those are all muscles okay
cuz you're buff your buffer them Bart
buffington Bart you are buffer than Bart
look at all those freaking little ice
cute patch right there you look awesome
fine fine fine she's dead
babe I want another dog one other one I
think I just submitted an application to
rescue no you don't think you know you
did I think I did you know you didn't
you being I think I filled in all the
questions they asked me for I know you
did
how do you feel about that I'm not ready
for nothing right now why not just
because my life is so busy and we just
got these guys are super accustomed to
our lines right we didn't just get these
guys our lives are super accustomed with
them being our schedule we know their
schedule it works out pretty good don't
reason with me what what to say a bunch
of irrational stuff yeah yeah let's see
what that sounds like I didn't go yeah
then kids get another puppy it's gonna
be so fun and furry enough three puppy
yay I'm so happy he just applied I sound
like a frickin five year old kid that
doesn't know the reality of things Hey
well I don't care I actually did just
apply just to see what happens
and I applied for this guy named um
Blake I think his name was fog she wants
you to let her go
move ricky-ricky so this is where we got
fawn from no it's not a sponsorship I
really jet got fawn from here West Side
German Shepherd risk yeah and then I was
looking for available dogs that I could
adopt and rescue and I came across this
guy that I thought was so perfect for me
let me see if I could find him Fritz was
one of them look at his cute ass I had
like a little tiny eye he is adorable
and he is 18 months old
he's a candidate but then this guy
really liked a lot Denzel
he's cute oh my battery's dying already
go Oh champ is beautiful but that's not
who I wanted hold on
maverick is a cutie pie look at that guy
it wasn't maverick I really felt like I
felt Tyson when I looked at this guy
this guy but I thought should pending Oh
blazer Vaughn brilliant this is the guy
that reminds me of Tyson so much do you
think we actually have that time to
Hollis train another puppy he's 5 years
old he's not a puppy I hope you gotta
get him accustomed to our rules and we
gotta get them accustomed to our two
puppies and they gotta get accustomed
hold on hold on hold on it's just what
it says Blazer von Berlin is a gorgeous
five year old German Shepherd this
stunning classic looker is quite the
cuddle bug he loves head rubs and gentle
cheek massages and we'll just snuggle up
as close to you as he can't get some
more blazer is quite responsive to his
people that's already a plus he can get
a bit ahead of himself on walks but but
but but he responds well to Corrections
and even comes back to stand by you
stand by your side I know but we got a
divorce
shit around other dogs blazer does best
with easygoing females Oh what do you
hear that fun fun see that's you guys if
it looks so yellow why is everything
look so yellow hiding in here is it on
auto white balance awv
where do I even find that should be
displayed some more DCA
yeah yeah yeah anyway around other dogs
village this is best with easy like
females he could be a bit pushy and play
groups but but if called out on his
behavior he will settle down blazer is a
head as a handsome dog with a big heart
and plenty of energy to spare for an
active home and seems to be housebroken
that seems made me a little bit nervous
I don't know about that seems ok he just
asks that his new home not only takes
him out on long walks and adventures but
will also help him gain a bit more
confidence oh we're a confident couple
babe
we know confidence I know but we have a
busy schedule right now I don't know if
we could fit him into your schedule but
are you told us take him on walks and
stuff gotta get him accustomed to well
look at she has all four paws under her
face but all these guys are used to or
skimming or part of our pack and we have
but yeah back uni-y pillow underneath
your big head I know was but look in the
Dean he's napping before he goes to
sleep I know uh to get another dog it's
no joke
it's another responsibility
sir please her is Tyson this guy spicy
fine he's blazer look at this guy nobody
wants older dogs I'm the only freak on
earth that wants old dogs although I
know hi please hear fine well when they
tell me if I've got the dog I'll just
say no thanks I changed my mind
sorry blazer but happy news is that he's
adoption pending so that's cool
definitely you guys should check out
these dogs they all need loving homes
well that's not really a dog that's a
cat that's not really a German Shepherd
but these are the best most loving dogs
ever both of these girls are rescues and
looking at chill they are they look like
roly polies or how Bart likes to
pronounce it good line I have to tuck
you in right all right are you ready to
be tucked in okay get your fucking feet
off with it what are you do what are you
doing who taught you that
Vons only dog that I know stretches
every part of our body fine come here
come here come here oh she didn't
stretch oh yeah oh there it is every
time now the hind legs there they are
she's the only dog that stretches every
time
so told me that you didn't care if I
watch Alexander come I'm just gonna
watch another dumb movie okay
prolly Back to the Future 2 or some I
just get it now not fine I love him up
mmm that's delicious
why fiber kidney
