this gloomy weather seriously is
throwing me off and it's still okay
there we go yeah seriously throwing me
off it is now noon and I feel like it's
9 a.m.
seriously I do blown out but it's
completely throwing me off and I'm
getting a whole bunch of text messages
um
but yeah we are reports guys tell us
right now can you see him and they're
talking out there yeah cuz uh we're
filming something for Bart we're filming
his prized possession
and um yeah we had to pick it up from
his dad's house so I'm probably have to
say that it is that real quick
oh yes not did you find anything neither
to find you asking for a grandkid no my
dad so funny cuz that's what my dad he
has a really bad hearing yeah and he
just got a his new hearing aid so he's
showing me that look oh shoot I can't
even see him but they're so small
yeah and then it just fits just in the
ear hole yeah and then he was like in
tears like he thought it was so funny
cuz he was like for the he thought for
the past 15 years
he was like damn the car technology is
so good you don't hear shit in cars oh
no he put it on he's already hearing all
kinds of stuff in his car the road noise
people honking he goes ah it's my
hearing because he thought it was like
the isolation and the cars were so good
that every single car so quiet oh my god
he was saying like he was like making a
turn he goes oh so they thought the
sounds back for the turn signal oh my
dang his world must suck now how does he
sleeping I'm not in the mood is laughing
oh my goodness I gotta stay hiding him
about that job bye bye see you
should have said hi but I was on the
phone with my dad
Oh says he's pointing at something but I
was on the phone with my dad but yeah
that was really rude for me not to get
off and say hi is that super fucking
rude but yeah
what a cute conversation it's like a
whole new world for him and it's so
funny like I can't wait to see the
interaction now cuz I don't understand
you know Chinese so when him and his dad
talk I'm just sitting there and I'm like
just an observer I'm only hearing sounds
and then I only would hear it so I would
hear it Bart see one line right in
Chinese again I don't understand what
he's saying and then I hear Zagal huh
and then you hear Bart repeat the same
exact sentence and then he'd go Bob huh
and he did it like six times like every
time they get together he does it like
six times you're still turning right now
oh yeah I was like wait all these are
are they charged up all the way yeah so
I would be like you hear me now yeah so
you know I just kept talking over me I'm
like should have got the next model up
well I could barely hear you if you go
can you hear me now I can baby yeah
hearing it so I thought yeah it's not
superhuman it's gonna blow out of his
fucking eardrums to Saturday and this is
a rare sight
what's a rare sight papa I don't know
that we're here it's rare yeah it's rare
very do you remember the last time we
shot for what no memory fails me always
so what's up with this these are all the
clothes I bought for ask the fields so I
could keep switching up my wardrobes and
yep that's it buddy dude pretty bad
these are awesome these are little
houses on here yeah God it takes forever
to focus there you go little houses
the cool flannel patterns what's not
flannel what do you call this mini plaid
plaid it is plaid this is flannel yeah
flannel oh I know actually oh sure you
got these two flannel is actually the
fabric oh I'm looking at the print this
is flannel oh this is flannel sounds
nice you know we have flannel sheets
it's like little furry why do you like
these elbow pads so much because it
reminds me of the dark circle no that's
not what you said no no you said they're
like the dog pads I like little talk
pads that's a you said huh I'm so full
oh my fucking thins are you kidding me
yeah
what things what are you looking for
wetsuit you have condoms on your table
why do you have condoms on you are you
orgasmic pleasure
why that's kind of weird
this is it this is his desk can you tell
how much work you gets done here no it
was never clean and organized never
clean and organized
this is Joe's side once it focuses there
we go
Joe side and then these are Joe's
clothes and he just leaves here all
these are cool I think I've ever seen
him wear this he likes a lot of very
loud patterns he's like a man cheetah I
haven't seen him wear this oh maybe oh
it looks like he has
I just don't pay attention this is the
shit
it's dog it's a dog flannel so you have
a German Shepherd a lab this is
hilarious Oh Joe remembers this who's
that guy
Oh cor cor cor where are you going
ah sorry guys
yes can't wait for all of you guys to
see this because that shit's ridiculous
it's so expensive but then the way it
looks is ridiculous it looks so stupid
it gets up in the middle of the night
when I was in the office it is cute
super cute
what are you doing oh yeah oh yeah
underwear Instagram and your underwear
Bart got me these sucks there's a bunch
of dog hair on him these are my socks
from Korea that song was so big oh oh oh
but Gundam style
Nadeem earlier Bart said that you like
to fuck around all day
is that true why are we saying that you
fucked her on all day why are we talking
about we're in the car talking about
something all right
oh yeah because he's a loser something
you said right I was like no I don't
want to drag them along for this stuff I
said I said I don't want to drag you
into this stuff cuz this is my parent
and then he says you're a loser so we
need to expose you to the world how
isn't a deem of food if he doesn't like
cheese what kind of cheese I was like
nagging you like starving
I remember scenic environments those
three vitamins right there's three
little pills good not that little
they're pretty big yeah but you have I
don't know big second muscle yeah cause
he's calling you a fucking baby cuz you
look like a man but you're not living up
to your physical standards that's why
it's cute right yeah we went to Vegas we
sat down at the same table as a
blackjack table and then he goes you try
to eat what the fuck are you
all of in the team who's saying he was
illegally gambling they didn't even ask
him for the ID I'm like what the fuck
so you were condoning illegal gambling
no no we're pushing the system we're
seeing if they would let us we're
testing testing them and who failed they
did they did because a part of the wrong
guy yeah maybe not right now maybe he
uploaded it oh just rolling on that new
camel m-series different fine camels are
pretty cute
they smell like piss have you smelled
the camel these my horrible and they
like to spit on you either spitter piss
are you gonna call your mom see if you
can come over he has enough food or I
care what what are you gonna eat for
dinner we're just gonna even come back
you can't see the world American dinner
are like how we've been having dinner no
it's fucking shit yeah or like another
ghetto
did you even know that you had a hole in
your underwear
I like how you don't know you have to
check just making sure you know what
you're talking about
so I walked into my house or into our
house and I haven't seen Adi multi and
then the first thing he goes did
something happened
you look all jacked up no Nadine nothing
happened
I'm just not wearing makeup okay what
kind of grown-ass man hold on let me
zoom in real quick what kind of
grown-ass man you just fucking punch
feet like that
no grown-ass man fucking in a deep seat
babe babe we're gonna be seen
well grown-ass men does that in the name
that's it that's that's the man's dance
you've like a baby you even curl your
fucking hat like your toes with the
other toes I'm finally gonna eat some
full Foley that my dad and my mommy look
at this
I haven't had post home a pozzolan
forever look at this asian guy over here
always taking pictures
try it let me know how it is what solar
pockets but uh they say you know but uh
but I sent up mm-hmm do you like it no
so book sold is one of those house those
homemade dishes that always tastes way
better a day or two after actually a day
after that you've made it so the longer
it sits and it marinates and its own
juices the better it is
I'm appalled made it and he's right next
to me but I'm not gonna show him to you
because he's shy
when they designed this shirt that they
expect you to find there
