okay so please excuse the hair um
and the face but workouts already done
it was a success and before I say
anything else yes I'm in my car but it's
not moving it's parked I see your
messages and your concerns and I love
that about you guys I am totally not
supposed to be vlogging while I Drive
and it's not hard trust me it's not hard
because all I'm doing is just I'm just
extending my arm and I'm looking at the
road or sometimes I'm not even looking
at the camera and I place it in front of
me so it looks like I'm looking at the
camera so there are little tricks again
both steering wheel should be I mean
what that might have both hands should
be on the steering wheel so I do listen
to your concerns I'm only gonna vlog
when I'm at a complete stop which I am
right now there's nobody nothing moving
I'm just chillin but um
yeah just finished my workout I'm
freaking hungry but unfortunately I
don't have time to get salted food right
now but I still have to fill my macros
so freaking cute ebar introduced me
something that I thought was really
really dope and it's organic fuel um I
know a lot of you guys know that I'm
tracking so because I'm tracking I have
to be very specific and strict as to
what I put in my bodies because when I'm
tracking macros I have to track all the
carbs that I intake at the track all of
the protein that I intake and all of the
fat because those are my macronutrients
so as not a meal replacement cuz I don't
believe in meal replacements I do
believe in real food um I am taking my
organic fuel just because um when Bart
introduced this to me I was like I'm not
a big fan of protein just because I
don't like all the chemicals and and
that aftertaste that you know protein
has so I really do try to take in as
much natural protein as possible so I'm
talking about like you know soy beans or
specifically like bread meats chicken
you know steak um fish um so when he
showed me this I was just like oh man
come on don't do this but he's like no
it's made with real milk it's made with
organic real milk and I'm like oh you
know I don't like the artificial the art
of artificial sweetener tastes like now
I'm not down he's like dude babe the
macros on this is sick it's only 6 grams
of fat which I'm like ok sounds good
26 grams of protein which I'm like holy
shit I'm down with that and 27 grams of
carbs which is nothing on but then when
I was looking at the ingredients I was
actually really surprised to find that
everything is organic and there's shit
that I can pronounce like when I was
looking at other protein shakes that I
do drink especially the the bottled ones
they have a lot of crazy chemicals and
ingredients that I do not know and I do
not trust end because I drink or I have
to take protein in daily like I have to
hit a specific number because of my
macros I'm always so scared to take in
so many chemicals because I have to do
it you know like several times a day so
right now my current protein intake for
female is 150 grams of protein and for
me to hit that it's not really hard on
its it's not really hard for me um just
because I really enjoy meat red meat um
but sometimes when my schedule is hectic
like today I'm kinda forced to take in
different sources to get you know my
protein and so when he introduces to me
I was super super glad but I did try cuz
again it did not taste like chalky or
that after you know artificial sweetener
taste that I hate and it wasn't thick it
actually tasted like real milk um I
actually am a big fan of the vanilla the
chocolate wasn't bad but you guys know
I'm not a big fan of chocolate but it if
I had to compare the flavor to something
it tasted like um Nestle Quik but a more
diluted Nestle Quik the kind that I like
is I'm not a big fan of the heavy heavy
chocolaty taste but yeah I mean Bart
introduces to me and now I'm introducing
it to you guys I want to pass it forward
so for all my all my lifters out there
or just people that are just you know
want to be a little bit more conscious
of what they're putting in their body I
highly recommend organic fuel because as
the name says it it's it's it's all
pretty organic and it tastes pretty damn
good if you guys tried it or if you have
tried to go ahead leave it in the
comments below let me know what you guys
think about it because I'm a huge fan um
if there any other things that you guys
like that you guys want to recommend to
me like I'm a big fan of questions I'm a
big fan of this protein um quest bars uh
in terms of other dietary things I don't
take too many things in because I really
like to stick to just you know veggies
and meats but if there's anything else
that you
like geo you're missing out on this go
ahead write in the comments below
all right now I'm gonna move the car
because I have an appointment
um so I have to go yeah what were you
saying what stupid blog no this is for
Steven Spielberg's blog the amount of
slack I still get for Bart's roast on
the JK JK news episode but it's not
gonna show it using me what do they say
it's following me around I just want
like my random Instagram photos I've
never built anything like damrell when
you guys didn't win cash bar that's so
funny that's tuck that means your family
these are family yeah we're at the same
picnic spot I know
it's rare look at my hat head right now
yeah yeah we show or something
I'm going to Slovenia tonight what's
that it's a country next to Croatia in
Europe to go teach oh shit
Slovenia yeah is that your first time
there second time I know right
that's crazy people random arbitrary
spots it's dance big out there yeah this
is huge and this will be our always a
matter of life in Europe it's harder for
them to having access to like American
cultures Oh
that's kind of like where the tots are
like dancers choreographers the
industries here so that's where
everybody kind of comes yeah it's more
glorified like for example of us is
youtubers here it's like pretty much
agrees
yeah youtubers in like Europe where they
already have restrictions on YouTube
they can't put certain things yeah yeah
I felt like we're playing much larger
scale celebrities in a sense yeah yeah
they think you actually dad's out there
is like a friends here what are you
talking about care about you yeah I do
hey Ben you think Anthony is a good
dancer hell yeah that's my size three
years of loyalty right here at the scene
yeah me too relationships I only get
haircuts from Ben he's the best the only
reason why dude thanks man the only
reason one hears Bart told me all three
years ago oh yeah when he first moved
down here and one first lady would eat
your potatoes it looks like you guys
will fade in my six to six is Vince
there's a little fight so all the games
let's go the turf wars are outside with
a whole time just to go inside and get
it yes the old school days I didn't know
that that's cool and then Jimmy he's
like yeah you know he's cousin set like
man you guys are famous man you guys I
got a you know come down visit you guys
you guys are famous in LA now it's
barbers that's what they told us all
these kids they came from far away yeah
they they have to visit us because of
you guys well that's really cool you
know it's crazy that's pretty dope yes
that's tight it's that is really - yeah
I've never even thought of it you know
we got got out there yeah yeah yeah two
other things that's pretty cool now
Vince has an international fan base I
don't but thanks thanks yeah appreciate
it probably especially because of Joe's
hair - this Joe's hair is really unique
it looks good one-of-a-kind guys cuz
everyone always has like Joe my dear he
is very hard for him to change his style
because of how he's hair growth yeah
it's hard just yeah cuz he has low
he has really strong thick hair you know
him if the trend changes yeah Joseph's
in trouble very bad
so I'm now getting my hair cut and I
always go with then because he knows my
he knows my head so I don't even have to
say anything and he only knows how to
cut it you have a big head but everyone
else here is really good too we got
Jimmy over here I think he just came
back from vacation no I don't know I
thought you went to vacation here
I thought just where every odd when you
came here or when I came here like two
weeks ago you were here did you take one
watch on vacation no I think I have
something to do they're all Oh maybe had
a new baby or something yeah yeah
congratulations yeah yeah I had a new
baby two weeks ago yeah awesome I got
home now but um Casey and Brandon
they're still filming Josh and I'm
trying to go eat and I'm itchy
motherfucker cuz I got all these little
hairs it's just cuz the hairs just
falling on me but I didn't want to
shampoo because I'm gonna take another
shower
alright so and Dean came out where's Geo
yeah I just come into yeah she read it
well anyways so I'm waiting for a Nadeem
and geo to come out so we could get some
food and I'm starving because after I
trying to have an eight anything yet so
I was like let's get Korean barbecue and
then we just started going to this local
spot in Alhambra called ken and before
the service was pretty bad like we would
order like I play the meat and it
wouldn't come and we'd be thirsty as
hell no one would come and refill our
water and stuff like that but then just
recently I went back and the service is
amazing it's it's Korean BBQ but with
like American service now so they keep
checking back it would you like more me
we didn't have to ask for it they would
just refill our drinks we don't have to
ask for it and that's what I like about
a lot of American service places is that
they actually care about the service and
it's not on you as the patron to always
ask him to do things for you they just
come to refill stuff and I mean that's
the whole reason why people like to dine
out is so that you're getting a service
rather than you serving yourself and so
that's what I want to eat are you down
for Korean barbecue
we'll see if gos down for Korean
barbecue and where she knows right I
don't know you said you technically I
did texture it text one more time I
thought she was outside with me no I'm
sick you said get kind and get came out
I understand the texture are you coming
out
Kumar cuttable well um it was really
cool to run into Anthony even though we
live really close and his house is like
two minutes away from the JK office he's
so busy like he's flying all over the
world like he's just going to Slovenia
and then he's going to Russia the next
week and he just came back from China
he's flying all over the world all the
time so we really have time to really
like meet up and kick it even though we
live so close but out of a lot of the
youtubers David and Anthony are one of
the ones that I'm really really close
with and I really got close to Anthony
doing this one booking at Stanford at
this time so I already been on tour with
Anthony we toured Australia together and
I thought it was a really chill dude but
I did get a chance to really connect
with them at Stanford it was just me Joe
and Anthony and we kicked it for like
two or three days straight and then we
realized that we're really really
similar people we had a very similar
upbringing he pretty much grew up in the
7 1/4 which is like the OC version of
the 66 and then we just clicked so well
and so he became the homie instantly and
it's when we came back with all its
cloud out so we always had him JK news
we put him in a bunch of skits and stuff
like that so it was always really cool
to run into Anthony and it's it's it's
all love you know and then he had like
his whole success with kynges and they
did well on the show even though they
didn't win first place but they still
did well and now he's trying to build
the whole kynges empire and they're
getting a new studio space tour apparels
doing great I'm really really proud of
them and it's just good to be able to
catch up with them even for it's like
five minutes you know sometimes you get
so busy and then you kind of lose track
of friends cuz you're so busy on your
hustle and your friends are busy on
their hustle that it's always cool to
just I think that's the reason why I
like going to Finn's and go into the
same spots it's because you'll be able
to run into the same people same thing
is like barbell you know like I don't
have time or sometimes our lives just
don't cross paths enough or like I'm
able to text people or hit people up on
IG or whatever but then when you go to
the gym you know you're gonna see from
another faces
the same way if you go to Vince you're
noting to see familiar faces so I just
love going through the same places even
though sometimes the wait might be a
little bit longer but the camaraderie
and then just the the ability to just
run into old friends it makes it all
worth it
Jill still isn't coming out Jack god
damn it there's still okay she's gonna
come out from the back okay Shh she's
pulling a cloud through the window
really yeah she's leaving that way
uh-huh could you come this way just not
how come how did you come out and then
Gio cuz I heard them talking some other
one oh so you knew they were done okay
damn I thought you guys are gonna come
out together since they're filming I
think I saw Jill crawl out from the side
mama bear Magna beam
I'm not to doing that yeah you big CUNY
you climbed out through the window like
a big CUNY didn't you are you down for
Korean barbecue
it is lunchtime really is my first meal
at that you want
I'm starving fine what do you want then
I don't know you want Korea barbecue
this early yeah really
ah oh you smell really good that's nice
I'm a slight yeah weird
what that's not good always nothing well
no did you just watch - I buy all kinds
of watches not coz before I used to wear
like this fuckin shitty ass lotion that
smells like fucking Dookie but now you
smell really good
no you smell like a fucking grandma all
the time or a bathroom freshener but I
smell great
alright so we just went it again or jam
or whatever it's called
but then the weight is gonna be 40
minutes so ain't nobody got time for
that so now we're gonna get Indian food
yeah you want anything for like a week
really yeah like I told you last time I
think a week not that long well I mean
the fact that I waited a week I didn't
say it forever I wanna sing Oh Wicky
coming
we to fight oh yeah I smell be like
crazy my first meal and you want it
again and I was like oh not really down
but I was going to do its majority for
unity wanted it but then there's a
40-minute wait so I'm like let's smell
again that's my breath yeah that's
version of why are you so excited every
morning is what did you get I got some
curry chicken some fro this is cold so
cheek very much butter chicken butter
chicken or Bonsall beans rice um
lentil meat you got bunch of chicken
butter chicken peas mashed peas some
potatoes and peas and I didn't got a
haircut
and we have a new guest with us only
drinks water boy only J's are so far
does this dance that I really really
love ever since Uncle Sam days and I
think that's the first I've ever saw him
do it and I started singing this and
then this is what he did
I won't let nobody nobody know anything
I can't do it are you good
go ahead look like you yeah so then I
was trying to learn that dance I cannot
figure out how he does it with it I
think I died
I don't think I could do it just get
your so big good like this really
massive guy go and I can go like weird
directions untie I think we scared the
dogs away but nowhere to be found so I
just woke up from a nap and I wash my
face and now I have another meeting so I
gotta travel real far to go in my next
meeting
cuz it's a another city so I'm here they
also said be careful
good morning good morning yeah what's
going on so they're having dog drama at
the spyglass or I thought Brennan's crib
yeah give me other addresses so you came
from whether you came from I came from
over here
oh cool you got a gladiator shirt this
time you're adding to your warrior
shirts collection that's cool
so what was the let's go run plea at
Brandon's house there Sarge Oh Brandon
Tommy in our chess game with Joe right
yes everyone's at dog owner over there
and there's it one two three four five
five dogs they're all bickering because
the two new dogs Jess's dogs are
simmering they're they're pretty so
there's there's a battle for dominance
right there try for your piece alpha and
brown for longest time has been alpha
and bolt and Ronin have always been kind
of like the like the subordinates or
subordinates exactly like his lackeys
okay and there's goons goons it is
pretty much cuz it's like since Brown is
alpha and he's smaller there's new dogs
too big in the realm and so Browns
getting punked a lot and a lot of time
Browns kind of left inside with the new
dogs inside because bolts and runnin or
outdoors whose are bigger yeah and so
you just hear both of Ronan legs that
you should know like looking like
sensing that Brown needs help it is
asked and here's a speed in there and so
there's whenever they're all outside
together though they're all always
constant fighting and like any justice
dogs have cuts on their ankles out all
right it's gotten kind of physical with
all those they brought in a dog
whisperer today oh cool yeah and so I
was just listening to a story pretty
interesting so how did the dog whisperer
go all right has to learned a lot I
learned that the arms happen who's a dog
whisperer by the way his name is Michael
you didn't get a Cesar he looks kind of
like seasoned but with a ponytail but
not great hair ponytails pretty legit
yeah but yeah yeah he taught us a lot
basically the dogs have been dominating
us we've been pushed over by the dogs we
thought we were two alphas we were dead
wrong oh really yeah how do they know
that I just won all the stuff we told
him all the signs we told him one of the
signs is a separation anxiety basically
if the dog has a loss of appetite and
goes crazy when you leave the house yeah
it's not a sign that it's a sign he's
missing you but it's a sign more he's
worried that one of his subordinates or
lower ranking people are out there in
the world without his protection
so when Tommy leaves the house yeah and
bullets go crazy is not that it's not
that bolt is like saying oh man where's
my master it's more of him saying oh man
one of my lower ranking guys are gone I
have you know and my instinct is to
protect him but I can't cuz I'm locked
up in here oh sure yeah the whole time
we thought like we were two alphas but
it was opposite was he able to figure
out who was the old alpha or who the new
alpha is now like amongst the dogs that
leaves you say he's gonna take us it's
gonna take at least two weeks basically
we have to take away all the toys all
the bones
anything that triggers fights and then
let them naturally you know play it out
and then see Louise
alpha right now did the dogs have to be
separated right now or can they all be
like all inside are all outside I think
it'd be together and they could be
separated too but was it better is it
better to have like the big dogs like
outside for an hour is it better for
them just work it out it's better than
having together but we should if they
are together we should be in the same
room so if they're all have to be there
although all the owners also do it after
so sure that the owners this is the
owner space is not the dog space so so
that's why it's like that's why Ronan's
from archaeologically I'm not protecting
him pretty much Oh me cuz I'm he's got
lower ranking there that's crazy it's
not learned a lot today so he wasn't
able to figure out amongst the dogs who
the Alpha is not yesterday was just more
of him scoping out the situation next
week he's gonna start be : hands-on was
it like the duh was it like the dog
whisperer show where he comes and he's
like it's not dramatic even he said that
the issues that we have seems very very
easy he's gonna be very easy to fix he
said there's a lot of situations where
he's been in where the dogs were way
worse but we thought it was bad it
actually isn't as bad as what you guys
thought we thought yeah he said there's
not there's way more aggressive dogs out
there that's like trying to bite him and
whatnot
so we actually have a creature I know
one of the dogs um Maddie seemed like
she was the one that caused a little bit
more of the problems with what did he
say about her do you say that like she
was kind of wild or she said he said it
could be part of her breed yeah because
uh Jess said her mix is like horrible
more wild dogs yeah
so that's like a dingo or something
exactly that's why she's more alpha as a
female yeah and she just has a lot of
traits of dominance is she doesn't have
really have a master
have somebody net you know what Jess
isn't even her master so she comes in
and she just like yeah even when yes
gives her Comanche that runs around so
we basically have to establish that
humans are high-ranking we can't even
eat in the same room in the middle
anymore one yeah yeah Wed let them know
like hey this is this room for us humans
eating is royalty
you guys are peasants you guys are not
allowed in this room here watching TV
they're the only allowed in the room if
we give them the command to come here
then even through this mixing rather
good progress is only thirty minutes max
well that gonna kick in loud move they
have to learned it we basically have to
demote them because right now they're
they're the kings and queens and were
the peasants we have to swish that
around I see so interesting I know did
you learn a lot from talking to Brandon
um I learned that we are were already
these are a lot of the right things but
I think when Tyson was live it seemed
like he was probably the master though
uh he was not the master you don't think
so cuz he would like caused a ruckus
when when we're leaving
he always any always eats with us and he
never listens to us unless we have fun
oh now he's my dog no you fucking
peasant fucking peasant bitch stay down
there don't you ever dare try to take
over my house just kidding it's kidding
laughing the homey Mike James you didn't
show them your guests either what gift
yeah oh yeah well the homey Mike James
and red brought me some polka ooh
so that's fish and crab and seaweed and
rice and for akaki thanks Mike thanks
Red Rock sorry
hi hi and they also gave me a gift me
and jazz a wedding gift
it's a
the tuxedo mouse and then the Backstairs
Papa Bear it's pretty cute has two
little tails and I heard Aaron got it in
daddy play wrong this is when you know
you're helpful
we just finished meeting loop has
textbook conventional like everyone is
still working it like up see modeling
book one person is Aaron's always
working font or king-size is that look
this it looks good yeah love it again
look at this boy go straight up yeah
when he pulls he's stripper do this I
thought I I didn't have apparently my
hamstrings are strong cause I did not
shake at all for my 600 Ella that's cuz
you saw it you're strong no how do you
think I've noticed like my hips will
actually rise on that he's working
tomorrow I like my change like good
it'll be his fucking Club no chemists
are ridiculous hey this three six months
ago moving my Daisy what could even
compare you have your hamstrings
oh yes Jeff is like a lot of G H ours so
he has really bad tricep tinnitus
because he doesn't do any blood work oh
so you have bicep tendon eyes too so
we'll play with them all what he didn't
do shit you had the doctor cool kill him
so miles is terrible
yeah because he does no blood work work
afterwards so he gets a pump but it only
goes so you can atomy it only goes right
here in the muscle belly but it doesn't
come down to the tendon so the tenon
hurts really bad you know if you're
talking about really kind of pretty sure
I do oh so it's really important to me
we're gonna have to really knots
ah you people yeah you get like a tumor
in your tricep Hongki do to borrow the
quickly knows how
I said your arms really big but ah
oh my pleasure like jumping videos it
yeah it's extending jolts - yeah hallo
baby breath baby breath
hey sup that's it there take their
breath you gotta breathe it I can't get
it who did you work that out and then
you gotta get this oh that's it I'm not
gonna keep going I think how much money
you get like I could pay you
yeah pay me what I couldn't food you
gotta pay me in usually what if I've
lost you
Wow watch it is bad and efficient duo
I'm working baby oh don't don't
Oh sir cover the holster on Mike Oh got
a good eye just awesome what is this are
you bleeding
no you're bleeding this is blowing this
is 30 bloodless tissue looks
foreshadowing always head up yeah my mom
gives a fuck she's saying yeah you
getting your triceps were thought or not
gonna look like hard here in here right
underneath we're here and also we're
here and then here here here yeah well
finger we're using a deep yeah Bart your
arms are too big day dwarf in a deems as
you do this
oh this is way harder than Mike changer
they might be properly that was nice no
I was nice what time you want to go to V
spa I'll keep up
where's a yeah yeah so do you hate that
when people tell you to keep it up natee
I don't don't lie are we watching
whiplash tonight tomorrow that's the one
one to see then watch it tonight to a
flash I forgot the name of it music
school music you jaw the drummer
yeah the Academy Award one I wanted to
see that was really bad legit job dude
damn bucks did you guys have enough
casein tip maybe they're gonna watch it
today unfortunately not
after yeah we'll have an xbox so we just
use the Xbox you can share it yeah Wow
well I mean like oh oh
the demes shut up you get your apps and
music there you go fun yeah dancer dog
likes everything chubby
come on dude hey brothers now a personal
trainer Oh cuz he's counting his reps
ready back slash doing them for hire
oh here check his shorts
so gia does this happen on a daily do
they just do this all finish it well not
then super nerdy whoa Fisher okay
oh he's in the deep my applause Danny
way funny oh that's a loser should you
just where's the muscle though I don't
understand where the pain is coming from
he used ice water backers yeah hey party
you look too jacked right now
Tapout game is that Romeo Must Die that
was looks like love I saw him walking
out of the corner liar
hariya what are you doing good fucking
around after our meeting we got in and
out which is absolutely delicious and we
finally are able to schedule ourselves
to watch whiplash because you what you
have the craziest fucking conditions so
we want to watch a movie but then he
goes oh but I'm hungry and all right
cool it's 8:30 right now where do you
want to eat we starting always be she's
like oh well actually then we're not
gonna be able to watch the movie we're
like why is it well cuz you know it's
we're gonna come back like after 10 and
that's past my bedtime and I'm not gonna
be able to stay awake to watch it you
know it fall asleep I don't want to
waste a movie if I'm gonna fall asleep
that's always try to watch movies at
like 7 or 8 o'clock luxury ok I know but
with today we worked it out put on your
big-boy panties on you guys fucking stay
awake like the rest of us at all that's
what I'm trying to do but this time
we're trying to watch it what kcent if
this case and TIFF told me that I should
really watch this movie because I also
play drums thank you and so this is a
really great movie and it was one of the
best movies of was a 2014 or 2013 2014
one Academy Award right not the Academy
Award like not like the main like best
security they want or something like
Best Original Screenplay oh my god yeah
yeah so this movie is the freaking
shiznit and this is how we're gonna
spend our Friday night and let me
uncover just delicious and I know it's
not checking off and we help with it yes
we can he's just gonna eat his what it
look like
this is this one the freaking four
patties with no cheese like a fucking
loser oh are you excited for the movie
yeah
you know five times but yeah like it
gets better Wow I'm excited it's like
wine in the low changer like a real oh
really what because you just never
thought that there's one of those most
mundane topic topics a movie could
possibly fall which is jazz drumming
unless you're like a jazz drummer or
you're into jazz like hardcore you won't
necessarily find jazz drumming exciting
right but then this movie though writing
me acting and like cuz it's like a movie
about like like basket weaving or
something but I enjoy everything about
sewing or it could have been about
kittens and or not kids are exciting to
some people yeah people but I could have
been about like I don't know making this
couch but then it's just you just gotta
watch it we're gonna watch it
best movie top ten for sure for me what
damn all right Casey says his top ten it
probably is tucked in the deer a jacking
off again Nadine what the fuck are you
doing
Nadine Nadine what the hell are you
doing
the Dean where are you what are you
doing in there
fucking I don't know Jack and off all
day
okay one last request you just do a sexy
pose real quick ah
