turning all the coffeemaker David as
Paris is this your first time Paris so I
force on periscope whoa everyone's
making it to my blog right now uh-huh
somebody called me the n-word I like it
that is so cool
what are we doing we're doing JK news
right now and I just want to say hello
and hey what's up hello hello beaver
funny face but a thermosiphon door in
the city get it when the kid oh I'll get
hard with my baby I wish it never
Zimbabwe I think uncle not the heart
stopped for a minute
not anyone did I let my baby
Dubi Dubi Dubi Dubi bad we just killed
himself
I said not that song I don't know the
lyrics to it that's it you're pointing
at the wall dude no it's this way hey
what very well uh well we're gonna go
back to shooting that JK news so thank
you guys for tuning in I think I'll do
this a little bit more often that's fun
Joe what do you have there and where are
we we are at least tofu eating Korean
food and I brought my own seaweed
because they have their own TV but it's
not suck it was stale last time
see me mad one for David one for me and
one for Julia doesn't that make you get
old Oh ringing like a Asian ghetto mom
doesn't matter we're not a fucking world
class fancy restaurant and the Korean
ambassador here says you can't eat
Korean food without CG at least it's
real this is like when you're a kid
you're not like how white people have
like cereal it should that's like the
traditional thing that you will need is
a kid like a sugary cereal like when I
was a kid every morning my mom would
make eggs seaweed rice and like a little
punch on or some kind of side dishes
what I would eat every day would you eat
it we'd read the rice with this um soy
sauce and butter in it of course that
was like this so that's another
childhood favorite that I like but
there's also a very kiddi dishes you
change soy sauce and the great thing is
like we have this site is called trunk
duty just actually exactly that I have
it in dream so it is actually a brisket
or some type of beef that they take all
I am round you are cooking that you
marinating the soy sauce and some other
seasonings and you take that soy sauce
and rice
and you wrap it into one of these is so
hungry they brought it just once for her
it's kind of like a boss it's a baby
keep it pop you have the egg yolk and
the butter that makes a super cream to
eat
oh we all get oh right okay yes Bob
Finnell
when they designed this shirt did they
expect you to buy yeah cuz it's pretty
really all the way to there it actually
buttons but it looks weird now just all
these yeah it looks really weird look
you know what's interesting about this
shirt you know what's interesting about
that shirt it looks like fancy long
johns I think this doesn't even make
sense
what a big may well then why do they put
buttons all out there look at your cups
for long johns it's usually like like
this but your cuffs go all the way up to
here come on to this it is soft let me
touch it one more time it's very soft
oh yeah it's very soft that's scary
that's an interesting design such an
interesting design
sniffling yeah or maybe it's only meant
for a few buttons try to trick you into
yeah somebody made a fake make YouTube
for you we take the wrong one social but
just not with each other your web I'm
promoting casein tips new channel K
sentence new channel - acrostic in case
so I'm promoting it right now and
hopefully linking a bunch of subscribers
bacon on casein tips near channel talk
to friendships and Isaac but my
childhood dream we just did a segment
about a lady who used her set her
Japanese sword to apprehend an intruder
in her house what did you want to do to
the intruder I said that I wish someone
would come in my house and then call the
cops and I don't know how this guy died
that's what I would I don't know how I
don't know and you know what the funny
thing is this is a funny thing
every time we go eat right Jill leaves
her backpack next to me and she goes can
you watch my backpack
i'ma go eat and she always goes oh
you're not gonna watch it and she takes
her backpack she was in trust me that
I'm gonna watch it I'm praying every
single day that someone comes and takes
that back every single day so you is not
a fellow no that's not that's
no no for the record that's not at all
what's happening the reason why I don't
trust him with my stuff is cuz he'll
walk away and then he'll wait for me
outside of the rice coach
I am waiting I'm waiting for someone
it's a fate if you actually think I'm
gonna let someone take your backpack I'm
fucking giving somebody a chance to take
and say kicks ass I don't know I feel
like there's gonna be another vlog
fucking pot gonna pop it you wash my
purse I got to keep opens it up loose
the cars out going these already just be
this poses waiting behind a bush this
week boy this guy I know you pushed it
back out where you start that's time we
should be all about water bombs like
this thank you for watching that video
and remember if you want to stay updated
with all our uploads subscribe hit it
right here here here here here where the
subscribe button is somewhere around
here or there or here or there a year on
last video the last video click over
here they just told me there I know they
didn't give me the instructions but on
time always put on the go in the
comments and like Tommy always fucking
up but uh they don't get for the last
year
all right so finally home from filming
all day I just had dinner with bat but
we've had this guy on our wall and
you're gonna think I'm crazy but I find
this guy pretty cool because I've seen
it grow and I think it's a female and
you're gonna ice whoa you're gonna think
I'm fuckin crazy
and I think I'm crazy for free what I'm
about to say but I actually look forward
to seeing this guy right by my door
every single night the cult big the
freaking shadow is look at this guy that
shadow and it's a gross weight I don't
want it to jump on you these guys jump
okay yeah they do and it's huge I want
to see it's like the size of a quarter
yeah guys look at this body I know it's
it really scares me if freaking me the
hell out but and I know I know I know oh
my god it was so mental I did already
read it look I just don't want to go
closer because I'm so scared
if it jumps how do you know the jump
sizzle that's what Aaron said and Aaron
knows everything no there's no spiders
webs don't jump like that I don't know
it creates a lot to be the trap water
I'm scared
are the ones that don't make webs like
the wolf spider you like to jump I
really tried really really really hard
to respect all living things as much as
I possibly can
spiders being one of them um so I feel
like we should take down that web not
kill the spotter but definitely take
down that web just because it would suck
if it has babies and then all the little
babies come in our house and then I'm
just gonna freak the hell out I'm not
the biggest fan of spiders I know but
then he's like that's his hole nobody's
fuckin with it like why not leave it
there I don't know I'm torn I know a lot
of you guys would be like I freakin burn
it or kill it but I just can't okay so
now I'm home let me take my shoes off
cuz uh that's just the right thing to do
going in my room this is another thing I
really look forward to seeing with
babies yeah but seeing my babies
babe can you do the honors oh my
goodness oh my goodness someone's happy
to see us
get ready gotta get a position so this
is funnies of the all-star this is
funnies doggy door you gotta get up you
have to get ready you ready yeah all
right here we go
you ready yeah funny
come on what about the other guy where's
the other guy Ricky come here come on
come on Ricky
Burgie pretty pretty
ah there's breeki can you bring him
pretty she can't jump as high and she's
a lot smaller than farmer arrows so this
is how we have to bring rig in every
time done didn't I'm pretty bare this is
my favorite part of my day
Ricky you were the cutest you know we
were talking about you today buggy
everyone was I
I love Rick she's always smiling
I love Rick cuz she's always so happy to
see everybody hi Brady how was your day
today
what did you do tell me everything tell
me everything oh I missed you so much
here comes some jealous funny Oh Ricky
oh pretty I missed you so much
jealous funny oh she's actually not
interrupting I think she's catching her
eye oh pretty
oh pretty fun doesn't care well at the
first let's see what happened fun your
eye okay
fun so happy to be home I look forward
to this moment every single night let's
watch Bart get naked you come well we
look forward to it - seeing my puppies
of course I love them they make my life
I look forward to getting in
into the bedroom we have these two Brown
beings called the Bears and they're
freaking us oh these guys they're very
soft gosh can you show them how they
work yeah pretty much
we got these things is these things are
awesome you put them right here and then
you sit right here and you just stop a
little bit boom boom
perfect movie watching home and bend
this thing hug she is awesome device I
know we have my own initially about one
for myself cuz you know I like the fun
of things in life
oh and then um Bart kept using it and
I'm like big do you just want me to buy
you one he said no no no this is fine I
need one but then every time I wanted to
come or like we have different schedule
so then when I would come home and he
was home performia or like he just
weren't together I would notice that my
bear was on his side of the bed and like
okay I'm just gonna get him one and ever
since I got him one
he's been so happy
why do you what are you doing doing some
good stuff what is why do you have to
why is your hand always down your pants
is this a guy thing the guy thing all my
guys out there they can validate it
they just what can you stop I'm vlogging
you just pretend like you you can resist
please what I mean what do you guys
crashing are you stretching what's
happening down there stop it
massaging moving around Oh get out oh
this is the natural guy thing all my
guys can attest to that what do you do
down there and come home and you don't
put your goo goo juice on my side of the
bed whatever it is stop it but what goes
on in there you're not telling me
anything
scratched move it around from here looks
like you're jerking off no it's not it's
light you know what you did know earlier
you're like when you come home from work
you kind of like massage your boobs cuz
the bras been like squeezing all day oh
yeah yeah I'd be like your balls just
been at all cupped in all this movable
around little refresh default it really
looks like you're jacking off not
jacking off with you like this
let's drive okay fine here's slow
jerking just squeeze
oh you did this to Mel it ah but you
have all your fucking googoo juice but
Google is clean
oh yeah but yeah you are sweating today
you didn't sweat at all shoot and
drinking it was sitting in a place all
right fine but can you just not do that
in public I'm not gonna bum go home when
we have meetings at home I know it's at
home but it's also office
please hear gross
you're cute do
fun I think that concludes today it was
so fun sharing my day with you guys
please enjoy parts video tomorrow
