good morning everyone it is 7:30 this
morning and we are up early and bright
to go to the gym and the reason why I
have to go to the gym this early is
because my schedule kind of got moved
around so for the end of the year geo
already put the dogs inside the room cuz
they're nowhere to be found
that's fuckin cute because geo is a
barely even awake this morning but as
soon as she wakes up she likes to be
with the dogs and I expected the dogs
would be out here but I know surety I
put him inside
anyways so for the rest of the year
during the holiday season or pontil work
oh shit I didn't close the open the
crashing and helping the crush that's
what I don't like about this house is
that the garage and the house isn't
connected so every time I want to take
the poor shot I have to hit the button
somewhere else and then walk all the way
to the back I know that's
firstworldproblems but I'm used to the
type of houses where the garage is
connected to the house so you can
literally park the car and then walk
straight into the house and I feel like
that's way more convenient but this is
an older house the one that we live in
right now so you don't have that
function the garage and the house are
completely separate so sometimes when I
come home late at night and I'm all
tired after I parked the car I still
have to walk either all around the
street or have to walk through and risk
being trampled on with dirty paws by the
puppies but I'll back to the original
topic at hand for the rest of the year
during especially during the holiday
season we're trying to work extra hard
right now so that we can have a few
breaks for a JK go for broke and borrow
Bergen and everything you know
everything that we got going on and
because of that kind of had to switch
our schedule a little bit so now
instead of shooting JK parties on
Wednesdays put on a second gotta lock
this gate so now instead of shooting JK
parties on Wednesdays and having our
admin meetings on Tuesdays it's
completely switched around fuck oh my
god I'd even get my keys this is the
stupidest morning ever I didn't have my
keys on me
god dammit alright so uh I have to
switch my mornings around so what was I
saying contact oh yes so Tuesdays are
now the JK party days and then
Wednesdays are the days that we do
madmen means and to be able to fit
everything in on Wednesdays I gotta go
to the gym first at 7:00 7:30 pretty
much and then then I got all my admin
means and then at night I have my um my
like JK a news editor meeting but this
week we don't have one because we just
have a message we have them every other
week and so we're pretty chill but Dan
this is like the worst morning ever I
keep forgetting everything I forget to
close the door open the door got my keys
finally and now I'm off to the gym
alright so these days I've been sticking
to it I haven't been taking any caffeine
before the workouts it's been kind of
hard just because I'm so used to relying
on Kathy Anna gave me that upsurge of
energy but I'm really trying to correct
all chemical imbalances that I
and help my body produce its own awaken
medication in the morning so that I
don't have to rely on that and slowly
but surely the first week I know it's
going to be the hardest second week
it'll be a little easier and that thing
I should be normal right after that so
I'm just grabbing a water I'll probably
grab like a cookie or something and and
I think that's it that's gonna be my
free workout no more caffeine instead of
cookies I was good today and I got two
bananas instead I've been also trying to
make an effort to eat at least one or
two servings of fruits a day so I can be
more natural because I feel like in this
modern society
we're always eating fake shit like
Gatorade that's just fake cookies I just
paid protein bars all that shit's fake
we don't really eat too many like real
foods anymore so I'm trying to make an
effort to eat some actual real food even
juice is fake unless you get the kind
that's gonna expire in like two days so
I'm really trying to make the effort to
eat some real food at least for like one
or two servings a day just not gonna be
more natural and be more one with nature
even though cookies are delicious I'm
probably maybe I'll even switch it off
maybe every other day I'll reward myself
every other day I'll get a cookie but
today is up banana day I got a banana
yesterday too
so maybe what I can do actually is
Monday through Friday I eat whole fruits
and then on the weekend I can go ham on
a pizookie or like a pirate cake or
something
you think me does that work can you die
yeah I have a different set of macros
right now why are you just here Pazuzu
everyday no cuz I'm trying to go more
natural I want I want to feed my body
hole nutrients so it's performed better
what's the position a position sake it's
made by people
there's no Kazuki's that grow on a tree
yeah but the ingredients grow on trees
and the ingredients grow on the ground
but as soon as you process that all the
nutrients are done but that's where the
flavor comes from yeah I'm an athlete so
I need nutrients
yes sir come on
ah
this guy huh have a good day so I just
finished warming up and I was like on
the program
by six without the shit son especially
seven shit with the holy
feeling my chest will be sore as hell
happened today
we got
nice feel-good and
275 I'll see all that feel
- are
the warm-ups thought okay heavy to me
but Earl was saying that it was moving
pretty good
so I'm going to trust them on that but
my grip doesn't feel that strong and it
is first date back to an upper body so
we'll see how that goes
I just put you 90 on just to see what
happens hopefully I can complete on
these six reps we'll see how that goes
to finish 294 three sets
grind a little bit so chopping the waves
because of the fire
fuck it
from the alcohol but I have to go a
little bit thicker 1%
six five six to nineteen and a half or
two seventy-five and you should move a
lot better and also feel a lot better
too
it's overall had a pretty good workout I
was really happy that I was able to hit
at least three sets of six with 290 and
then I backed off I don't want to over
exert myself just because I just finally
recovered from the sickness then I had a
whole bunch of other accessories and
other assistance exercises I don't want
to bore you with that stuff if you guys
are really into fitness and you want to
see my full workout to make sure you go
to the barber brigade channel currently
the URL but you are the you are L is
still youtube.com slash Bart Kuan VAR t
kwa n but I am in the process of
changing that URL to barbell Brigade
will be youtube.com slash barbell
Brigade it just takes a while I've
already submitted it and it's already
been pending for like three months so
far this is freaking weird over here hey
what are you doing and then also um me
and geo also submitted to get her
channel Giovanna Antoinette changed to
the Barton geo channel the URL so right
now we still consider it the BART into
your channel because I've been putting
my vlogs just opening her vlogs and
pretty much showing all I live from two
perspectives on the channel it's just
the little technical things takes a
little bit longer how was your workout
is gonna be the barn Jo channel
reporting to you barn GL why huh why she
said it's gonna change to the barn in
Geo 1000 no it's gonna be youtube.com
slash Barton gym my workout was good my
chest is still go injured but I was able
to hit 315 for five and then I dropped
it to 295 and struggled more than that I
think I struggled harder with a 295
19:15 and I did the same thing with 275
it went pretty hard there
I just went to Dumbo's and come to the
date probably because I you spent all
your energy on a 315 oh yeah
but I should have hit it for six
thousand six and I think you cut up but
then you hit 315 on the incline the
other day and then they ruined
everything
you ruined the whole program he's gonna
fuck around
I think you better turn up no no is the
battery still on fresh batteries yeah
Bart wrote me a program to hit 359
incline and I was I don't think we
should do this no I did not write that I
wrote your program to hit high 300s low
400s at the meat and that's all we care
about
yeah that's what we want for though I
just doing 315 on the incline randomly
for no reason because you said there was
like an off day you're like 315 for no
warm-up hit with Bradley and then CL
goes test my Max is done except you're
stupider than you look that's dude yeah
came to the office a little bit early so
I can get my grub on and I decided to
switch it up today I usually get the
artisan grilled chicken sandwich but
today I decided to get Yoshinoya
BAM and the reason why I'm able to get
this is cuz my macros are a little bit
more lenient now Thank You Sara and so I
got a I got a large not a larger regular
beef ball and then I got another one
that's just beef and veggies I'm trying
to get my vegitables in here
see this one it nope this one's the
people in the deal though Jill's gonna
be joining us for our meeting today cuz
today we're gonna be strategizing the
type of videos and shows are gonna be
launching for just kiddin party and just
getting films for all of next year
so we're kind of having a head honcho
meeting and that includes me Joe Michael
and geo and we're gonna strategize the
type of videos you want to launch and
the order they're gonna be shocked and
the order they're gonna be uploaded and
then after that usually what happens is
we take those plans and then they get
executed so that's when we have the
directors the camera operators the
producers like Julia TIFF Casey Brandon
Sean everybody that's when they jump on
board and they execute and then the
edits so today though we're trying to
you know want to plan things out and
make sure we have a solid plan for 2016
and then that we can get you guys the
best content ever and let me know like
in the comments below if there are
certain types of shows you'd like to see
on just game films or just kidding party
because we're always looking for
brand-new ideas and your idea might be
the start of our next video
you never know alright by the way I
gotta share this with you I forgot how
BOM Yoshinoya is this is delicious so I
got my beef bowl to the left the beef
and vegetable to the right and I got my
little youtube set up right here I'm
watching this video called how to make a
country rich and it's called the school
of life I really enjoy like watching
these short little videos I have a lot
of condensed information that you can
learn a lot from and when it stimulates
the mind number two it makes you more
well-rounded you're able to connect the
dots of the world a little bit more I
mean sometimes I really enjoy watching
all most of the time I really enjoy
watching entertainment I got a love game
of thrones i love narcos and stuff but
when I have like short bursts of time to
kind of chill I like to kind of enrich
my mind with some information
Oh one thing I got to show you guys Jill
loves fucking ginger so when I told
Uncle Yoshinoya she goes gettin a ginger
so I bought her a gang a fuckin ginger
right here so next time we're in person
they're all big-ass fucking thing a
ginger at her ass cuz she loves ginger
you know ha ha ha
secret we could put it in know like how
you know so if we could first kind of
like build interest you're like
crowdfunding right to see like Oh or we
can kind of build interest on our own
and let all our fans that we're gonna go
on a road trip and then from there we go
to CVS and be like well we're gonna do
this and always people wanted me to sit
ready who wants to get involved you know
like this Jeep want to sponsor us and
give us you to do oh and then do like
was a road trip yeah meet-and-greet yeah
but I kind of have to build up our own
interest for us before we it's that's um
I think - well I always wanted to do
like a JK news live tour where we go off
to different cities and just set up JK
news like a two-hour show or something
yeah it'll be pretty cool and we're
gonna be stuck following footage
so bringing out to be editors with us in
there really you just edit on the road
yeah
maybe yeah I think I think I think all
of it can be done it's just it just
depends on people's availability because
we're so fucking busy we're so busy that
we can't do fun stuff like that
cuz the only problem with that model is
it's gonna be a little bit harder to
stockpile cuz I think that's something
like we probably have to push a little
bit further away by deeper deeper into
2016 because I think when you want to
launch a successful campaign then you
gotta just so many other details you
have to worry about you know like if you
contribute this much then what packages
do you have like the whole Kickstarter
thing like there's a whole or
crowdfunding in general there's like a
lot of steps that you have to worry
about versus when we just run and gone
on our own
yeah that we don't have to worry about
all those steps and we can literally
have an idea shooter next week but then
with the stuff where we get crowds
involved I think we can do it on a much
bigger scale and probably like mean and
please a lot of people but it would just
take a lot more planning so I was like
if that's an idea we're serious about we
would probably want to push push that
for like a maybe even 2017 so we can
really probably like launch it like
follow me on this journey of something
that I've always wanted to do that now I
can do and you're following what
Michaels
uh model is yeah so I would say so I
would go to CVS and say hey you know
what um we have Gio here who's always
wanted to be you know wanted to go to a
cosmopolitan school so you had already
pitched that first on crowdfunding and I
let's say you raised like oh so he's
using that to show that there's already
in fear involved how do we show that
there's interest without dollar signs
well we would show that with the how we
met videos like look at how well these
are doing if people really want to know
and want to follow this that's what we
usually do and I just
because that's not the Freddy W model
the Freddy W model is hey I have
$300,000 already and/or 600,000 already
invested in video game high school CD s
who else can you pair and then boom
Dodge came in and dropped seven fingers
that's what I mean like nothing shows
interest like dollar signs so if you're
a little woosh it the world is a greedy
amount of bullshit that's why you have
to vote with dollars you can't just have
people saying I hope it works you gotta
have people actually contributing and
funding and then they go I'm dead
serious I slap you in the face with the
money you finished with our meeting
early today
and Michael had to go off and film a
go-for-broke video with David but the
good thing is we knocked down everything
we needed to go through on our agenda
today with just to strategize just
kidding films videos and come out with
all the shows and series want to come
out with so that is good
and then afterwards me and Joe we also
talked about our frozen dessert
investment so we finalized a few legal
things on that so a lot of the times
when you see people build a new business
what you don't see are a lot of the
backend paperwork type stuff so that's
when the lawyers come in that Countians
come in and you got a look at a bunch of
contracts like that contract we just
read is 37 pages long so there's a lot
of like little details that go into
making sure what you say is what you say
in terms of launching a business and
that's the non fun stuff I think usually
when people look at businesses they
always almost all right now
but usually uh people look at businesses
and launching a business they always see
like all the fun things you know like
coming up with the concept only don't be
a dope concept a diaper that lets you
take a dump and in and you don't even
smell the poopoo you know and then and
then they they start searching for
vendors now this is really hard to drive
stick and vlog at the same time and then
you go and go out searching for fenders
and you do the marketing all that stuff
the fun stuff the hard stuff is when you
have to put the paperwork together like
well alright so Jason put in this amount
of money so that matiee owns this many
shares and then Jonathan put in this
amount of money so this means he owns
this many shares but what if Jonathan
dies who does that money go to then does
it go to Jason or does it go back to the
company who buys out who and then if we
launch this product and and Derek is the
one that came up with the product that's
how much of the revenue does he get
since that product was all his brain
power Jonathan didn't even put in you
know his brain power into creating that
product so there's are so many
hypotheticals and then that's the reason
why these contracts are so fucking dense
and thick is they need to cover all
hypotheticals so that when it does
happen there's already a protocol and so
for us right now launching this frozen
dessert thing there's so many
hypotheticals in there and also where
it's our first time ever doing like a
retail dessert type to place so where
you got to make sure it Reena carefully
under so many partners is it's me Joe
Michael David and then also on the other
end we have two more partners so uh it's
really exciting but it's a lot of work
but it's also a lot of fun so I'm
actually really happy that we ended
early today because I'm all so fucking
tired from waking up early so I think
I'm actually gonna take a nap
before I answer a bunch of emails later
defending them a little bit back to
emails of all the shoot days that we've
had so I gotta make sure I answer all
those emails take a little nap and then
probably get some food all right look
how big this baby is so we just ate in
and out and the demons trying to do well
for his meat and this will barely ate
two burgers and now he's like here
pretending like he's about to pass out
hello I'm how big the burgers were they
were the smallest ones on the menu
they're like these new kids burgers for
my zeros that's four patties I had eight
patties you want a cookie or something
no your deplaning about me sleeping did
it you barely ate anything
why didn't you eat the third one there's
two four zero that's barely anything in
a small in an hour at ease are I'm still
forcing you to go to a boil over so you
get more food no I'm going to pull over
because I ate two burgers ready and I'm
like I'm not even 4:00 yet yeah no I got
to yeah there are small burgers and
they're not has small burgers so once
you got I got 4.0
no in-and-out burger you got like a
double-double patty the classic double
hamburger it doesn't matter any now just
make small burgers it's fucking big-ass
baby over here okay well do that you
could get a hamburger from McDonald's
right and you also get a Big Mac it's
the same shit but like II for both of
them yeah you can like it for Big Macs
like a four cheeseburgers okay I once
you see plate order the family size of
the family dinner here I'll eat the
whole family dinner at McDonald's no the
family dinner here no I got at me my
macros I'm the only chicken okay you're
the fucking biggest baby in the world
dude are you so mean I'll be doing good
you are doing pretty good I'm pretty
proud of it to be honest
no further I'm proud of you you actually
ate more no well I'm proud of you coz
the first time you ain't more than a kid
like a baby cute and you're trying to
compete at 242 pounds I know
so everybody all the other 242 guys are
eating a fucking shit ton 148 alright
140 all the other 148 guys probably 148
guys really came more than E - we'd
probably do I even trying to be a power
lifter you know I'm trying to be
aesthetic aesthetic guys eat more than
you the aesthetic bikini girls eat more
than you well I'm glad you're starting
the home graduate a little patties and
I'll be having alright alright because
you killed your chest you did a good job
on the workouts you've been doing really
good in workouts I'm proud of you on
that except for the stupid-ass 315 he
just wanted a bench on the incline for
no reason which kind of risk further
injuring or peck did lucky you got lucky
you did it I know but lucky do you think
you think Usain Bolt would randomly like
sprint down a hill right before the
Olympics for no reason maybe he saw a
fried chicken a lot of mine no no that's
racist racist I find soft fried chicken
or water when I was for it it's just
true things like you'd want my pariah
mmm-hmm if you saw hummus and chips if I
stretch I do
so I want to see you sprint I want to
see what that looks like huh I want to
see you sprint see what that looks like
I write a 5 to 45 - isn't that slow as
hell wait no that's pretty good if I - I
thought I suppose under 5 seconds huh I
thought I supposed to run under for
under 5 seconds like 4 or 5 or something
I'm almost fatter than you fatter
feather not even possible
get a good angle I'm trying to find the
best angle but I can't find it
where did you say I'm sorry sir
oh yeah
um do you have just chicken by itself
like a chicken without any sides or
anything so which one was that
all a piece your splitter a piece no and
I what
Oh No
can I get just two drumsticks and two
thighs please yes
now that BR
yes please thank you lunch order any
sides
you mean I hit my macros already went
over I order the French fries you even
order french fries I didn't know because
I have three four by zeros no you had
two four five zeroes and you're crying
there's another one right there
you were crying eating the second one
you're crying the whole time yeah cuz
they're big I was crying
no they're nothing it has nothing what's
your squad up super high right out of
the backstop hi MA welcome home thank
you
I missed you I miss you you where were
you this whole time
cheating on me yeah who are you me and
the Dean went to go eat and then he
could barely eat like these baby ass
burgers but you missed the whole thing
but I've been working while you guys
were playing why are you fucking around
all day no I was working to like that's
my station right there you see my
computer
what's because everything is on my
computer prized possessions
what is that McDonald's yes no that's
that's that's Nadine's
that's in the deans burger I could
barely finish there's a little baby no
it's not
what does it for buzzer consist of yeah
if you miss it nope wrong right nope
yeah there's one cheese there's no
cheese you just say that because you
know that theme doesn't like cheese the
demons are like anything
she's then farts wrong about everything
the time of day I don't know so you got
McDonald's no I did what did you get two
cheeseburgers yeah but where did you go
what did you do - tell me about your day
I'd missed you the whole day I only saw
you for the meeting this morning and
then that's it and then the next eight
hours you're gone and I did a little bit
of work on my bed because he told me
that she needed it none of them used it
the whole day
Ricky used it when I was in there she
used it she was on that she was so cute
you Ricky fine it is pretty cute that
she did that um
and then I went to Tim's house at around
like maybe like four or something but
then we were supposed to start filming
at for her she's so over my story and
then Tommy forgot you forgot the cards
that we could film I know we're in the
middle of meeting with me Michael and
Joe and Tommy runs in and I'm like what
the hell's going on I don't even know
yeah yeah and then so we did rappin so
much later so we were supposed to wrap
like an hour before yeah but because he
forgot that and we had to wait for Julia
cuz he drove separately we had to go we
had to wait for Judah to not only get
into our hood but then drive to JK to go
pick up the cards he missed did you guys
see Julia
nobody's already done they were done
ready um then we're just like sitting
there kind of just going like fuckin
Tommy okay twiddle your thumbs we know
how to Twitter your thumbs
what the hell and then and then we just
waited and then we just shot and then
I hung out for a little bit with them
because we had to clean up so what
happened was because we had a shoot in
Tiff's room and her room is really
really white walls and that's the worst
thing for film because there's no depth
and it just looks really boring it just
looks like a white box yeah so we had to
pull things from around the house to
fill up decorated you have to fill up
the white space why don't we just shoot
it in their living room because we
already shot a bunch with oh okay thank
you I can't keep using the same thing
over and over gotcha gotcha
um yeah and then I went from that uh fun
sense of something outside so what I
thought was I will I will but I want to
share something with them if we really
interrupt me so one day I thought I was
cutest fuck was uh when I came home
earlier I walk into our room to set down
my entire pack and to take a little nap
and I see this I'm like what the hell
why is there a dog bed in our room and I
immediately me knew immediately managers
rentals I immediately know that Jill was
the one that brought it in there if you
have a stack of dog beds but they're
over there behind that uh that cardboard
box
no so I thought it was cute as hell so I
immediately again that's my phone
where's my phone
I know my father around there's my phone
but I lose my phone all of a sudden I
had my father right here there this so
all right when I saw that I immediately
texted Gio so I thought it was fucking
Kashyap and I'll even show you on my
phone - Jill saved under B B as in baby
with all the Bears on my phone and I
said you're fucking cute mama bear she
goes and josh is now over because the
day does it end because Jill now has to
interview Josh for a bunch of Jacob film
series and then they're gonna prep for
the shoot tomorrow but no Gio and Josh
your friends and so that will pretty
much conclude the end of the day and I
still remember I will be getting Gio
ketchup that defeats the whole purpose
of the artist and grilled chicken
sandwich you got it to be low-fat and
you're filling the whole thing with fat
so you're gonna fill the whole thing
with fat then all right
okay one last request you just do a sexy
pose real quick ah
