so I've been sick for the past five or
six days and yesterday I was about 95
percent and you can still kind of hear a
little stuffiness in my nose
today I'm probably at a 98 or 99 but
since I haven't really been moving I'm
kind of out of breath just by putting on
clothes and taking a shower and I'm just
sweating for no reason but today is my
first full work day I'm going to be
shooting just kidding news and just
getting news is a shoot that lasts from
10 a.m. till about 8:00 or 9:00 p.m. so
it's going to put my stamina to the test
but the one thing that I guess it's
going to make it hard as I'm trying to
quit caffeine not that like I'm addicted
to it and I overdose on caffeine all the
time or anything like that but I just
realized that um I take enough caffeine
where if I don't take it then I get
caffeine withdrawals and then I get
these insane headaches and then I could
barely function I have to take excedrin
or Tylenol to make the headache go away
and I hate being dependent on stuff you
know like I uh I even when people when
they make the weed argument like they're
always talking about oh you know it's
legal in California now and so it's cool
for me to smoke everyday for me I don't
even think it's okay to drink time and
I'm not drink but you I don't even think
it's okay to drink nyquil or take
tylenol every day I don't think anyone
should do anything would be dependent on
any substance on the daily I think
there's something wrong with that I
think the only thing should be taken
daily is water and Whole Foods and their
animals you know like animals should be
self-sufficient we have a
self-correcting body and so I don't like
being dependent on stuff especially if
there's going to be this aftermath of
headaches and stuff so I'm trying to get
myself strong again have a mentally
strong mind where I can stay awake and
be sharp and rely on my own body's
hormones and juices and my own body's
neurotransmitters to function without
having that go to 7-eleven get a monster
all the time so that's the goal of today
and hopefully I can last the whole day
without taking any caffeine and still
killing it and being sharp on drinking
news
that stuff what stuff uh going doing JK
needs without caffeine you look like a
angel with the light behind you it's
just shining hey are you gonna try to do
JK knees with no caffeine that's hard
cuz they're segments where they're
really slow and they're really sad or
they're just not that upbeat so I can
already catch myself like drifting off
um that coupled with in their other
segments that you have to need like high
energy for someone it doesn't have
anything to say about it and you have to
like jump in and be extra energetic on
behalf of everyone I can't do it without
caffeine but did you know uh you know
studies show though that we actually
yeah but you know studies show though
that we actually have enough of the
awake or like sharpness hormone in our
brains or whatever the chemical
transmitter is we have enough of that on
our own to not need caffeine but what
happens is when people don't take
caffeine and they're just regular and
their brain has the sufficient amount of
whatever that hormone is I think it's
called adenine or something once they
take that caffeine they get this huge
boost and they're like whoa and I feel
SuperDuper sharp and then so now they
think that's what they're getting but
now because you're taking the caffeine
your body produces less and then now
you're just taking caffeine to be normal
oh no that's because you do it a lot and
this this can happen over the K uh this
could happen over the course of one cup
of coffee over over like a week or two
that makes me sad cuz like anything else
like if you if you start like taking
steroids or whatever like testosterone
yeah your body starts producing estrogen
and it stops producing its own
testosterone have a special amount yeah
so now no any yeah so now knowing that
do you think you'll still take caffeine
why you don't want your body to produce
its own caffeine molecules
me my body have a conversation every day
it's like girl don't worry about me I
got you know my cool I got you tootin my
- and my body's like I'm feeling good
my are cool put caffeine each in here
before we leave hold on I was about to
compliment you right now before we leave
I wanted to compliment ma bear on the
amazing job she did of cleaning and
organizing a little bear cave look how
clean well it's amazing cuz there was
dust everywhere we have meetings here
all the time there's water bottles
tissues all kinds of weird trash and
mama bear took care of everything and
everything looks like we just moved in
again and all of our couches look nice
and organized blankets put away water
bottles put away no layer of dust on any
of the furniture you can see the fly it
was just you stressing me the hell out I
can't work in an environment that is
disorganized cuz in my head it's already
disorganized to have my surrounding just
organized it kills me
so just kept stressing me out like I
can't do this any more did a great job
mama bear hey you know my day off did a
great job
Thanks now we gotta let all that shit
out okay test number one I passed fam no
coffee
Oh J got my two egg whites no that's
yours I did not get coffee get this away
from me I'm gonna quit do you copy
oh oh you tell me when you cut back to
you no no no no I'm gonna quit coffee no
no we're having a high no nothing I
passed this is my breakfast and that's
my breakfast drink use anything what
would you do cuz you like it's still in
your favor you go oh well I'll use my
what if you have zero I always think
like that I think I like at homeless
people I think like you know we're all a
few mistakes away from being homeless
you really like most people in America
are maybe three or four mistakes how big
are these mistakes though big mistake
big mistakes like buying the wrong car
people were like living life on credit
like they don't really own anything
we're like kind of like you make a few
mistakes if you don't have any family or
friends to fall back on that's true
that's true though very true also have
values and friends right China unlimited
you can piss off your family and friends
that's why I don't make more you get
fries I could use my friends credit then
you're screwed the uses all of a sudden
you're on the street walk around it's
gonna be very hard for me to be honest
why because even if I lose money I still
have family and friends that will back
me up because motherfuck I took care of
them they gotta take care of me right
yes but to think about the people that
moved to LA they got a family or friends
here yeah fuck go back to where you came
from
you get happen I just think I'm a like
it happens in all some of the business
go to where my secret places with my gym
membership card where's the secret place
again you told me I'm few different ones
but what if you don't have a gym
membership card you don't have anything
you'll have friends you'll have family
you're in a different country you'll
have more different
what do you did I feel like I never I
always feel like what if it came down to
it I would just go get a job at my
Starbucks but it's not that easy but
you're homeless or do you stay I don't
even sound like a much your membership
you just said you don't have a dinner
but I would your membership you know
pick a language whoa oh you're in
Bolivia what do you do Rob as long
people have drug problems that's it
right you think they get do you think
they get to the drug problem because
they're pissed off and stressed and I
don't know what the fuck you did or do
you think they've been on the drug
follow that's what got them to fuck up
which came first the chicken or the egg
I don't know Sam I'm into drugs so I
can't even are you trying to start doing
drugs with your elbows that's true it's
past the time ah that's the time it
might be so bored you like I got to do
some drugs around here I don't even like
camping you don't like how I do nothing
homeless I'm sane awesome said I don't
even like camping so I why I can't be
homeless
well this is like camping everyday and I
don't even like him what's the
difference between a backpacker and a
homeless
the backpacker owns fresh clothes if you
watch some joke it's not like the
beginning of moto the backpackers
traveling the backpackers the backpacker
has a passport back path 40 make a
backpacker actually has somewhere to go
back to yeah what they fucking a little
bit do you think you were homeless you
think you can make it out of it I think
I can for sure I can you think you can
make it out for sure I can
that's why album homeless probably give
me like three months
fucking within the pretty much you don't
you'll be back at on it somewhere yeah
if I have no bank accounts nothing and
I'm just homeless zero money I'll be
back nothing I'll be back in a place pay
my own rent in less than three months
when did the first hour I feel like I
would to you get up
right within the first hour I would be
too I can't be homeless you'd have to
like I think sometimes the thing about
I'm again I don't know did but almost
being homeless but if you I think it's
apartments like I'm throwing the towel
for certain amount of time yeah don't
you think I think he gave up if you're
homeless if you're in the right mind if
you got like men if you got mental
problems not that's all different issue
yeah you gotta get a job a day I get a
job today
now go to the back of a restaurant about
cleaning your back for less than minimum
wage okay no not good
all right we're good we're good cool I
can't be homeless
I'm speeding now Adam okay reading
reading all right ah give me a good hour
they've got a lot of age and homeless
people cuz it's not in our brain we go i
we work too hard
different hawaii out of the articles we
talked about today yes which one was the
one that stood out to you the most
Oh prized Indian God cut off the head
that was pretty crazy that's pretty
that's pretty intense
that's just like Halloween time just
correct it's just crazy cuz you like
people are really doing Walking Dead
shit yes
do you think it's justified though that
like let's say he was getting clowned on
by his homies Oh Oh your wife's cheating
on you I'm not I'm not that jealous of a
person I can't see myself getting amped
up enough to cut someone's head off and
then walk around the street I don't even
think about it you know I have friends I
was at friends growing up and you look
at the paper and they draw pictures of
like killing the teacher or like holy
shit I got friends like yeah well
they're like crazy you're like damn it
like I just keep you know I can't
believe you thinking crazy thoughts like
that ah yeah like keeps me sane hey Jon
visualizer yeah those thoughts so the
fact that people have a thought is crazy
to look back at someone looking at you
did it that's crazy that is crazy
what shopping the head off Indian Oh as
a crazy I haven't have you ever thought
about doing it anybody through like real
not my mom the girls that I not girls
like people yeah see Joe a true art has
to in your mind you have that movie we
went over there you chop someone's head
off um there's there's moments where
it's vividly clear of what I would like
to do like eating someone to death yes
like it's so clear in my mind what's
gonna happen but then later that's a
problem so like I have enough of a
conscious where I'm like I calm down
you're thinking crazy you're not gonna
do something like that and then you go
back to being normal but I do have some
crazy thoughts sometimes so why don't we
push our boy too far like his name is
like I don't know what's an Indian name
no Rajesh
Rajesh dude I don't Ida made that girl
playin
with your son-in-law Oh junk and then he
does him he just freaks out he gets it
will acting chops and curls head off
props to that guy though he's sixty and
he can chop a woman's head off but the
ex I don't know what like you know you
know certain countries almost there a
Muslim I don't like coming into even
handy like the hidden if it's the
culture where they're hidden they got
like a lot of issues there sometimes you
know yeah like someone else got your
girl cannot believe see don't girl
mmm-hmm that's true I'll be old school
walls too
I don't know man if you caught your girl
out cheating on you
I don't think I want to kill her I would
just want to like you know and religion
I think life is weird
that's not like yeah a few years ago I
would have been like extremely violent
but then at this point of my life is
just like just move on just move on
better your life we're in a stage of
abundance like it's great being in
America you could have as much but China
as you want you could eat as much food
as you want you could just as you want
and you can enjoy get help as you can
get like not want more look that's all
you get though that's all I want you if
you work hard yeah yeah exactly I think
relationships now it's very it's a you
choose to be in a relationship it's like
a choice and you have to God keep
choosing that hasn't always been a
choice
oh it's been sometimes as I said
arranged or uh it's changed yeah but
yeah I don't know cutting someone till I
was crazy
okay but one thing's been true though if
you want a good type of girlfriend you
have to be the strong or you have
you just be lucky draw guys in peace if
you're a hunter gatherer but what's a
good one what's miss as a young girl
good girl a girl I don't talk back a
strong woman that works
I feel friends now that she knows how to
get the stains out of the laundry that's
a strong woman you know what you just
find a girl you like that likes you I
love you all right
that's right oh you should dump shades
come on your mouth we're talking about
our so here I'm Marie Callender's they
have the most delicious corn bread and
they have like this honey butter but the
problemo is that I'm on a diet and a lot
of people are on a diet but there's also
the law of the land and the law of the
land is if they bring it you have to eat
it taste it yeah and the tasting means
eat at least half of it so now they're
purposely trying to ruin my diet but I
don't blame them because it is freakin
delicious so I'll tell you guys how I
like to eat this oh my god it's warm too
so you get this it's warm then you get
this honey butter look how soft this
thing is take this when you coat the top
with honey butter and then and then
long goal better than the mono diet I'm
not supposed to be alright I'm sure the
whole mud pies not bad
he's probably honey butter but the honey
butter makes the corn but it's like the
perfect combination it's all out happy
this was the logline I won't disrespect
anybody and have them kick me out of the
country
I think I'm forever meant to be a fat
guy I love food so much and I can either
have done literally like I'm always
starving myself to not be fat and also
good things I work out for you
have you ever tried the corn bread here
TIF you should try it with the honey
butter it is delicious
there's my little piece it's the law of
the land just cut a little bit little
piece I took Sara like sorry everyday
really actually he would want me to keep
put put a little bit the honey butter
it's on the other side I've been falling
under my numbers so he's like you need
to eat so actually this soy you're in
luck this is Marie Callender's bread and
butter I can come here just to eat the
freaking corn bread spread while mom is
on boys yeah the corn bus bomb with that
honey butter all chills up into action
how are you uh are you tracking macros
are you gonna text Sara I'm sorry I'm
living a stress-free life right now Oh
oh man that's stress free right there
that is delicious
just something about that honey butter
is just so it is really good speaking of
the devil
Sara just texted me my new macro so I
told them I don't think I could stick to
the old ones there's too low I need them
to be higher
you look happy living a stress-free life
I'm so hot
yes please that's the law of the land if
they bring it you must eat it
thank you if you had to yes if you had
had sex with one of these people and
they're transgender would you rather
have them be for transgender I used to
be a guy and I was a girl or or a girl
yes now a guy yes the first one so a guy
that's now a girl yes
howhow are you so quick to make such a
decision laughing if you're gonna be a
girl I'm attracted to girls Dana I gotta
go with the girls the final form
yeah girl for me I can't you know say
okay look a let's say let's say it okay
next one shot in bed this is the penis
of bed with you that's not what are you
sure if it's now the giant you don't
know if you see Latinos we're gonna deal
with it as it is let's say it's they're
halfway through the operation so
everything is girl but they got the
penis or in the other case they're fully
man but they have a vagina it's harder
it is isn't it
me and Joe are talking about this the
other day or Rihanna shabu-shabu and I
was like that's a interesting
predicament pretty man uh yeah like
Channing Tatum or something
Kenny not pretty okay if I was pretty
they're like oh it's real pretty yes
who's that dude that that's that's uh
that's uh what's that guy's name
you pretty cumin out and every time he
comes we having
I told y'all kids to do your stuff oh
yeah for we did right laughs for a movie
that's normal cheerleader did not agree
to gay doctor was it hard to prep for
did you have device is kind of hard with
in your life that's just a person you do
it then you realize you know you're not
getting yeah we're an actor though this
was pretty characters I think I've done
actual sex with somebody that moves so
would you rather have a doom could be a
pretty ass dude but still a dude for
pecks vagina that one I think I'm a girl
that's not super Joe I think no no the
girl does out of a job that girl has the
penis okay it's a halfway procedure yeah
the guy with a vagina guard Regina or a
hot-ass girl with a penis through the
penis 100% yes like I go girl really why
I don't know why I don't know why she's
a woman like what you better do or you
could just put her in her butt yeah okay
like you know like hangover too
when he was a magic show I think I would
be again
girls don't count though girls are
already ambidextrous the man with the
vagina hell no I'm saying about no but
the thing is I think what the guys
predicament is though is that if if it
if the person doesn't turn you on it
doesn't matter if the vagina is there I
think that's a problem
so for example if like Dante if I was in
bed with Dante and he had a vagina like
yeah it wouldn't happen you know but if
it was like a Victoria's Secret model
and then later I found out she had a
penis I'm like maybe I don't know what
we're gonna do to make this work but it
just might work yeah like I get turned
on more on the Victoria's Secret model
than with Dante with a vagina you don't
know or you know yeah see you know you
don't know until you actually go through
it but no no that doesn't count
I'm waiting now now I like your way of
taking part yeah I'm with there cuz
there you take without the whole
attractor - but then when it comes down
to
I got to tell you here now you're now
you're that now you're now what thing is
she's not going to get hard
oh yeah what is the buzz I'm kidding
watch me click that box my accident my
second click that box because in the
know I'm like watching it goes all the
way and I'm like oh oh this will be
about this police ask question about
other show your favorite bottle of hot
choice you guys always have twisted
questions all the time but what is it
with her she's not oh can you gets it
right you get some money get nothing but
I don't know you get whole things you
just that's what turns her life but
that's like you think your favorite meal
right with the side of bottle yeah
nobody eats your favorite pair mom Oh is
she doing is she like she comes it would
it ruin it let's say you go to Giro's
sushi but then the last one is far I
know but it's a longer you know I got a
I got a question though what are you
okay
oh well first of all is she gentle I
don't know because nasty because if
she's gentle and she's willing to make
it two separate acts like let's say in
the morning she does me but I know while
I'm getting done that later I get to
have her but if no no but like let's say
it's if it's two separate acts I don't
want it to be in the same act cuz that's
where it's gonna get confusing if it's
do the same act and like and right after
I get my asshole plummeted then I might
not be in the room I might not be in the
mood to do it if it's two acts so one in
the morning she does me gently then but
the whole time I have hope cuz I know at
night I know what I'm gonna do then it
might work out
so you're saying negotiation role from
you
yes but at least I have the eight hours
to recover and eat and do all kinds of
stuff but you can't get cuz you know you
have had that asshole right replenish
that helps you know your father is
really you might enjoy it
Johnny Joe you might even do it I might
what you just enjoy it if I do then it's
a blessing in disguise
rusty Oh No are you gonna bring more
cornbread no I dare a good I do it again
I think I'm good thank you good didn't
bring no understand so you're saying now
you're saying you would do it first
thing I mean you're talking about we're
talking about one of the top 10
beautiful she had a 12-inch
I don't know Yoji just strap on so she
can do it talking strap like I don't
think that's gonna last four to five
that's why I keep saying she's gentle
even if she's gentle you have a big 12
inch - sure breaking she's like am I
breaking Joe oh no no no no no no no no
no no I'm straight we're gonna it's like
it's gonna go no push all this shit
through my mouth no so the both she's
both yeah
oh you good boy
but they're super hot fine we'll make
them super hot cilantro then maybe I
don't know no I rather have a trouble
thank you
well cuz uh the strap-ons a detachable
penis but you're just gonna get your
butthole obliterated within message
binary oh you don't get obliterated you
just get to do her but he was in the way
it's a predicament it's a predicament
I need some work done if you park like
do Dana now and then you guys are still
talking about this 30 minutes were
worked were debating on a very serious
issue
what'd you do the hottest or Mouse
what's the micro what's that what's the
opposite like what's the end or is it
just can I do it or not yeah my
challenge there yeah let's see it arm
you'll see a door it's like yes there's
gotta be no she was asking is either a
hot-ass girl but she obliterates your
boho with the strap on first and then
you get to do her or hermaphrodite no
none of your ball gets obliterated but
while you're doing her there's a
flopping penis all over the place all
right
it's hard never mind what's wrong run oh
why not be to the other
this conversations of mine are with you
because we acts dupa questioner that's
why huh oh you like tweets on something
like I need to animate Zuko sing some
crazy should not sit well with you guys
I like so PC otherwise we I got a
question now really you Dante I got a
question though so this is based on we
were saying earlier when you had the
kiss to do it for our scene yeah um
did you guys have to rehearse like you
know you know Paris
you didn't rehearse why want to rehearse
on London be like a natural
I want a Nissen a shenanigans it isn't
things what happened was I mean him
going to go straight were like how did
you guys get into character we've got a
girl you got with mattresses and like
you know the chaser we're like yo cool I
can reverse a seat so basically got this
actress cuz you got to rehearse themes
with people yeah you got the actors in
the trailer we all have trailer together
we six Glenwood I'm gonna kiss you kids
gonna watch us make out and then you're
going to make out what you can and then
I'm wash I just we just do research
yeah why didn't you guys just kiss each
other and actually rehearse the scene
for this camera but what if you guys
could have took it up a notch and made a
more passionate it went it went he took
it up a notch along with the tape did he
grab the back yeah he did hard like I'm
not gonna like a finesse er yes ooh
that's rough finesse is should I do with
roof you got pinned me up against a
train Plus big white does blonde hair
dude it was like wrong yeah and I'm
liking guys I don't like that that's
kind of like Brokeback Mountain the two
dudes were Manhattan each other we are
fighting for dominance and then the
steak the thing about is this girl all
this stuff hunter Oh
stubble passion that kind of ruins it Oh
max it's double jump that's a fire
waiting the habit a person yeah that's
like sandpaper Sanford blood we don't
know each other our faces are already
ashes from it yeah it hurts yourself
someone big like that you just go
vignette news already yeah fuck that I
really
not because like in high school I had
kissed a girl in it I got grossed out
cuz you lift you're too soft or
everything's soft yeah Bobby kissing for
experimentation sent uh German patience
thank you
what were you rehearsing for a single
yeah why are you kissing a girl for this
variation we are ditching party and so
we were drinking a lot and then this
girl and her best friend they always get
drunk only we can make out each other
but I love is what I wear but then they
were like oh my god I'm like no
one down and so I'm sorry kissing on
yeah like just it went into it why
wasn't it my gift that's how I was when
I kissed the guy was like dude I was
like like this see you should have
rehearsed more and in that way you would
have like you know times AI do a couple
takes you takes two different seasons oh
and it just just wasn't it just didn't
excite me the Internet
so then I tried out but you know you
know sometimes like when you're acting
like there's a cathartic feeling right
like you read the lines enough the scene
gets real and you feel the character and
you feel like you're pissed or you feel
sad is that that's what the acting is
all about like the emotions that become
natural did you ever feel that passion
come out of you want you and that dude
were just like I'm sure if it was a
woman then I think it would have not and
what I've been going you would have a
catharsis right but but if it was a
sense it was the dude but since you're
in the middle of it did any of that
passion arise this time women of course
like in Italy like Italy Rao's like both
playing with the energy that I just did
we have the same which is fine and it's
approved to me that super straight not
you know yeah
could you question you know you know
just came in like another fine yeah
that's why I drew like you I had to grab
my guy friend as a chaser okay wait
never kiss a girl system alright because
it dude in my whole life
yeah no not at some time no that's good
for me I'm the agent of precision agent
Jim is the Ministry of kissing ya know
so much party for like we have this more
video skills Jill yeah check it out they
make out a new television so you try to
make it they feel like nothing to lose
that Dan short is a good stuff if you
shake out your friend yes right here
this lovely lady right here
turkey dinner turkey dinner oh that
might be Joe did you get a turkey dinner
yeah I think I get there
oh look at that tacos another one right
there
Chris Cooper Frisco burger what damn
Tommy you are just so luxurious looks
yummy my bathroom oh yeah that's mom
yummy on my Elliot a mouth babe what so
we just finished JK knees and there was
a lot of talk of like child and children
and parents and raise their children and
we even had Isaac and TIFF in the office
and we were having a mini discussion
with TIFF about just raising Isaac right
yeah um so that conversation led to you
me and Jo talking about how we were
raised as kids and you know some of the
good and the bad that good and bad
lessons that we or traits or various or
experiences that we got from our parents
yeah so um
you and I recently got married yes and I
remember that you were there and now
what seems to be the next step for us is
starting our own family yeah
so with all these conversations that we
have and all these stories that you hear
how do you feel or what do you think
about when you think about having your
own kids
well I guess like before I really had
any contact with kids I always thought
kids were a certain way which is what
like I just thought like if you had a
plan like if you had a good plan and the
kids would be able to follow it and turn
out the way that you intended but I
programmed them not that your program
but you set up an environment and and in
the environment would create for example
like for Barbara Gabby we set up a very
family-oriented environment and because
of that all of our staff abide by our
core values and our family at barbell
brigade the staff is extremely tight
compared to any other gym out there yeah
but um seeing how TIFF is raising Isaac
and how she has to be a parent I
realized that you're not dealing with
adults here with the kid and because we
ration who have like who have uh who
have like rational thoughts yes and
intellect and the outcome isn't as
predictable as when dealing with adults
I gets like the the concerns with a kid
are crazy it's like you go okay this is
gonna be a homework time and you think
okay if I give them 30 minutes a
homework time and let them play for 30
minutes then you know that's going to
turn out great and there's a positive
reinforcement of course like who
wouldn't want to finish his homework so
that he can go to McDonald's in the play
his favorite video games
you know like in your mind it all works
out but then in the middle of his doing
his homework he just throws up on his
homework paper now you're like fuck out
the scramble for brand new homework and
then like while you're cleaning that
then he has allergic reaction than what
he shits on himself or something so like
it never it never unfolds the way that
you think you are it think you think it
is and because of that I think that's
the part of raising a child that kind of
scares me a little bit well not even
that but like kind of because now this
is at an age where they can have a
conversation with you right but there's
that age when they're like 2 to like 4
maybe they've been like 3 to 5 where
they don't even comprehend the same shit
that you do for example if you don't let
them play with the hanger they have a
fucking tantrum and then until they get
that I get that hanger back then they're
like calm and everything's great again
and you're like ball hog which is also
why I understand why my parents beat
beat me because it's just like it's just
the simplest way at most
now I would say most it might be
effective short term but it's very
detrimental long term yeah and then so
like because of that I don't want to hit
my kids
it makes me think like what what I have
to do to teach these non-communicative
beings right or wrong you know and you
got to teach them from the start and I
know it's like raising each child to the
way at least I would like to raise them
it's going to be huge responsibility and
huge test
do you expect to be home a lot or do you
expect to be working a lot because right
now our lifestyles fucking crazy and we
so the closest thing we have to kids are
our dogs right I'm going to barely
barely see them for like maybe thirty
minutes every day I I would like to be
home more than the average nine-to-fiver
sound all the average nine-to-fiver like
the dad is working on a five and so the
only kids time he has is like six and
the other day when he gets home you know
six to eight or six to nine because then
they go to bed early
but I think luckily for us since we're
in a more entrepreneurial environment
yeah being right now because we're young
were hustling really hard but eventually
me enjoyable ready talked about kind of
you know decrease our workload or kind
of figured out ways that we can be with
our families more so with that I would
like to be able to spend more time with
our kids but I also know that there's
also the reality of having to make money
and having to work and having to manage
our business so that we can food on the
table so that's also very important and
college funds and their future yeah so I
would want to try my best to balance all
of that but luckily a lot of the stuff
that I can do is also I can also do from
home if I really wanted to and because
we create our own work environment like
I can foresee my office having a little
kid playpen there okay so I can I mean
it's it's a it's def we're definitely a
much much more I guess
beneficial am flexible heejun
advantageous position then I would say
there are a lot of people so I'm very
grateful for that
so hopefully with all of those things
I'll be able to raise the kids in a way
that I would like to
to be honest with you as much as we talk
about like family and as much as you
know we try to prep like Bart and I want
to definitely take courses on like you
know child development and just being
good parents but to be honest with you
I'm so fucking scared like I'm so
screwed because I still feel like I'm
figuring myself out like I'm still
figuring out a lot of mistakes and and
just who I am what my triggers are what
my strengths and weaknesses are that I'm
like oh I don't even think I'm capable
of being a good parent right now I'm
scared too but the thing that I guess
reassures me is everything that I've
ever been scared of I've killed it oh
fuck
so I want I'm not that confident so when
I'm scared and actually I don't know
like kick-starts a thing in my mind
where I become very analytical and I'm
very good at resolving conflicts and I
usually do pretty good yeah like I enter
everything into every fight scared you
know and I've been I've done pretty good
oh man I enter into every fight scared
and I do okay in a tough fight I mean
like life fight like any like any
struggle I don't think you met literal
fight but a little fight oh okay
well well you guys will see that once it
happens yeah I mean you're just gonna be
tons of footage of me being a dad so oh
my god
I got ramens with to eight double Joshu
and gilze oh yeah look at all those
onions where we have my bear cochlea
where's your I ordered shredded beef
itches you doing at Yoshinoya
a day I guess boil over white rice with
the sukiyaki sauce
Yankees are sweet soy sauce we got Isaac
over there in some yummy ME ME ME ME I'm
Aram and chopsticks hmm
what about our chopstick oh he got the
training wheels chopsticks
they're awesome
oh yeah
before that Japan yourself why you have
double meets so I need a lot of protein
and as you can see it's not that much
the rest of it is rice so I don't need
that much rice so I ordered two of these
bowls before you mix it all with ginger
on the other one can have a little bit
of your other beef ball yeah I want to
taste what professional Russian oil
tastes like
yummy
Oh Julie okay I got a chicken
bingo oh yeah Kadam we happy now
yeah oh cool
let something like yells a bit yeah one
she's going to be a schoolgirl and I'm
going to teach her
