okay just finish filming it is now 5:00
p.m. and I'm so sorry that I have been
telling the truth okay that I've been
unable to film anything all day today I
actually even had makeup on but there
was a bunch of whipped cream on my face
that I had to wash off right now and my
hair is still a bit sticky just because
of the whipped cream and um yeah it was
pretty fun and unfortunately I can't
show you the footage until it is
released on JK party because then I'll
be giving away way too many secrets and
now that wouldn't be fun but yeah so
when it comes to JK party I am the man
in charge or the woman in charge of
conceptualizing and executing everything
that you watch on there so all the
concepts all the videos all the
challenges all that stuff I come up with
that and with the help of Sean Brandon
and Julia who are my JK party dream team
each person has a specific role in what
they do and how they executed and how
they nailed it and how they present the
videos to you guys so because I am the
person I guess in charge of making sure
that these things happen I'm also the
person in charge of if it doesn't work
out then I it's my head on the chopping
block like if the video does poorly or
if something bad happens it's my fault
so because of that I just have to make
sure that I have that you know the
gameplay is right the props are right um
that you know everything went smoothly
so since that is happening in my head is
there it's really hard for me to like be
taking care of so many people and
vlogging at the same time so my
apologies for not giving you guys
anything else
of today but right now I am driving to
go get some dinner and actually this is
my first meal all day just at me
I didn't hit I didn't hide it hit I
didn't eat anything else all day today
this is the literally my first meal and
sorry I keep switching this way but
depending on how I have the drive is how
I'm holding it but ya know my way to go
get Tokyo shabu shabu with bots and the
crew but the crew stayed behind because
they just needed to prep I guess and
then get ready but Bart and I had to go
a little bit earlier because right after
this I have a barbell meeting with Aden
and yeah that'll be fun also right now
was talking to them about how how I
don't have become Andres don't know edit
wipe it all off ice it all up because of
the
the challenges so what are your thoughts
on girls with no miko or me with no
makeup
yeah I don't mind that you don't wear
makeup pretty good but this is the same
oh I got you that's how you boys know so
one time we were having after you're
finished having sex you were just like
can you always wear makeup oh but why am
i normally that you don't wear makeup I
never do just what you do where my
cousin divya makes me horny
well spent I want to tell my why is it
holy good boy I really looks way Trevor
oh you know what you know what - that's
what you're gonna be like thanks I can
be real you know I mean I wanted much
more upon that oh it's all right now
you're singing no boy I got that I'm
asking a question right now goodbye no
but I look better okay there's no word
that I'm looking for so grasp it
but you don't look horrible when you put
on the makeup then you look for me it
makes me funny so when I look like this
it doesn't get up
so then you look natural what does that
mean that means that makes me natural
four-by-four the one you put on makeup
then it looks more unnatural does it
matter how dark or how much of my makeup
cuz I could probably put like some
concealer and maybe some SQL you know
that's net but it still looks nasty and
you might think I'm not working yes sir
that's all I need I think every guy's
been perfect so that versus this are
completely different virtual world yeah
I think guys do I think there's a reason
why there's a lot of diet drivers my
name is a reason why a lot of porn stars
specifically we look at the genes they
are also on that emotional Omega I don't
think so I don't think it's the so the
makeup it's how the makeup is alive yeah
so because it's so
make a couple with the situation so for
example if you want to look older more
mysterious more voluptuous and
boy you want to accentuate features more
like the lips and the eyes right we put
them with a victory supermodel days you
want to look more natural they told all
of that yeah because they want to look
natural and sultry and young goodbye
okay
well thank you for clarifying next prior
to relationship and I'm 1914
in multiple relations I never once heard
a guy say oh can you our makeup I like I
like be warming up
don't ask why just go to him
oh why don't you guys go to Joe - I will
not extend your arm arms what is your
question so um one time after Bart and I
oh my god why are you asking you he says
hey can you wear makeup more often
meaning like he wants me to wear makeup
during right okay so for you does it
matter if a girl wears makeup on our
trip
let me suppose let me tell you what my
explanation is and then because I it
does feel tricky when girls ask you
should I wear makeup it always seems
like a trap the trick but then I'll tell
you what my might what my response is
and then that way you can feel like if
you're in the clear or not so my my my
response is beautiful and guide
definition actually has two definitions
it splits there's porn aful and then
there's natural true so natural is yeah
you're still beautiful and he still make
me horny but then hornoff old you have
that more pornstar look and then it
makes you a lot hornier like nelly
furtado right there she's horrible on
the TV serie wonderful yeah I see what
you're saying then I agree yeah so yeah
totally different experience it's like
the oh I want to be with the girl next
door today and like
I want to be more intimate in terms of
like like this is the warmers I share my
life with and love her that there's the
back - - there's the UH there's that I
just want you to be a stranger today I
don't know you you don't know me and
this is like we're gonna get dirty
tonight we're gonna get robbed or
whatever and then here oh yeah you would
want the mournful you want the deep the
dark shadows and I know deep makeup you
want to be like who's this person I
think she asked Joe now but you I think
you have to do it because you explained
it well because then since it's coming
for me
like how you felt it felt like a trap
but I just want to know the difference
but I think you should ask no you should
ask him but and I'll be there I'll be
there to translate if it needs
translating but hey but it needs to come
from a woman okay cuz a guy is gonna
yeah a guy's gonna invoke another
response okay fine I'll go ask him right
now
okay good question
okay what's the question what's the
question
alright so I just asked born right what
is your so does it matter
so once after we have sex right he goes
yeah he says like hey you know what I
like when you wanna go so make up matter
for you if you're cutting off like have
to speak in bed yes I'm just um I think
I'm because she's actually asked me this
question she goes hey do you care if I
wash my face and I'm like I think I'm
Way more comfortable knowing that she's
completely relaxed and comfortable and
she's not worrying about her fucking
face so she could fuck me to the
you explain the difference between
portable and way oh and natural for oh
I'll say for a guy with a girl that you
you're in a relationship with beautiful
actually needs two words that's
wonderful wonderful you look like a porn
star you want to do them a certain way
natural they're still beautiful to you
and still want to do them but it's a
different type of response that's true
that is true cuz sometimes the way she
does her eyes or the way she does her
face it's like I'm Reagan huh and
sometimes it looks like hey cuddle me
this little guy like a flower and they
did some owners though yeah it all works
it just depends on your smile for today
if you've been bare face for too long
please just simply make a monster
see something different okay you mix
it's my life I love that dress and wash
taking it on but y'all keep it can I
keep it on today's a bad day because I
could do it with her whether she has
makeup or no makeup on but it's just a
different doing it sparks a different
type of personality on me it's like it's
like we're acting in a movie and if
she's going to play this character then
my character is going to respond to that
character so she's going to be a school
girl and I'm gonna teach her let's all
girls feel the same way don't like
monter times like if I do my hair when
it's gonna happen I look nice
ha ha and then of course like I can wake
up in the morning and you would still
want to do me you know make you horny
but there's also time for like doesn't
it bring out a different animal in you I
mean barely it's not anything very
extreme here like what you guys make so
it's more like oh but I'm never like oh
that's that's how it that's what it's
going to do to me today is I'm going
yeah because guys are so much more
that's exactly it changes the way what
we're told we're seeing I think it's
more about you street I see a little bit
more aggressive on this you happy
you're more tender than always number so
yes
okay one last request you should do a
sexy pose real quick
ah
