so after three days of being sick with
the stupidest illness ever I didn't even
have a fever but my entire body ached
and all my joints hurt and I had the
chills and I was shivering and I have
like the craziest headache and
congestion here ever and no matter how
much mucinex or in how much nasal
decongestant that I took the pressure
was insanely strong but finally I feel
better today I say it's been three days
I don't even know so as you can see my
mind still isn't very sharp but I feel a
lot better today and the timing is
actually great because today is Saturday
and it's a very chill day for me we
don't have much going on for JK nor
barbell so me and geo decide that we're
just going to go shopping and then I buy
a few things a few clothes we wear the
same motherfucking shit all the time
and we see in the comments yeah like
don't you guys wear any other clothes
you guys were the same shit every
fucking video I'm like hey man I'm Asian
I don't like spending money that much I
like spending money but only on gambling
and our food like traditional Asian
style I don't like to spend too much
money on clothes although I do like
buying shoes but even that I think I I
can't spend too much I might David like
if I spend too much money then I feel
guilty and I don't know but anyways the
reason why I say that timing is great is
cuz we're gonna do a little bit live
shopping which means I get to walk
around so become a light cardio getting
my body moving again getting my body
under the Sun again I've been cooped up
in a house for three days with very
little sunlight even though it's been
really hot but I just had the a/c turned
on to try to kill all the germs but
today's a great day it's very sunny it's
going to be a 97 degrees so pretty warm
so I'm wearing a tank top and I think
I'll be very good to get my body out of
the house for a change and also get my
body moving because tomorrow I got to
start working out and tomorrow I got an
insane squat session with six by four
and like eighty seven point five percent
I mean for those you guys don't work out
eighty seven point five
percent is really high so uh yeah would
you say that you put everything away all
the time all the time no I don't Oh what
cuz you're yelling at me
and there's cute boy because that's what
exactly I'm talking about
whose are those some would then put
those away but you know what's the
silver lining who bought you those cuny
socks the kidney Ghanim style sucks when
I went to YouTube Korea
wait is that a see-through shirt is it
what kind of it's pretty much just a bra
underneath yeah you're gonna wear that
hell yeah you know how hot it's gonna be
today you don't mind that people could
see through everything they can't see
through everything isn't wearing a bra
if I wasn't wearing a bra than I would
mind so you don't mind that they can see
through everything to see the bra no
because the bra is really cute huh if
you're okay with that I'm okay with that
look at those shoes though I know you'd
be looking it up those infrareds though
no I wanna be forever did you know that
I've been wanting them ever since I was
15 years old did you know that babe you
were 15 you never got them ever once no
because back in those days so those are
reira leases the original releases there
were like 200 something dollars every
time they release them they would be
completely gone and when I was in high
school I just didn't have the money to
afford sneakers I said bucks in high
school well a lot of people do in high
school yeah there's a lot of kids that
have money and they already like sneaker
heads oh well that's what happens when
you grow up poor yeah I didn't I would
even imagine having 100 bucks to myself
Oh Rick so all the shoes that I bought
it was always like bargain well I would
try to find shoes that look really dope
for a good price so I usually spend like
50 to 60 bucks on shoes you know you
know one of my favorite brands is back
then I don't know if they're still
around but they were killing it back
then have you heard of Globes
remember globes yeah gob
oh excuse you yeah sketches globes yeah
I loved globes there was fucking sick
cuz they were skater shoes with a little
air bubble underneath and I thought they
were hella all right I had clothes
oh now you have globes I had gloves
ahead etnies ahead because we were
talking about Nike so I was trying to
think in that ball like this forty I
mean even though those are sporty well
it's cuz Street it's cuz the new sneaker
the whole sneaker head movement now and
Street where there's actually a niche
for that there's actually a niche for
that now but back in the day skate and
hip hop you just found your own shit so
we step we used to like buy big starter
jackets because there was no hip hop or
street gear you have to you you dress up
regular clothes into streak here this is
old school days we invented this shit we
invented this motherfucking gangster
shit and just the motherfucking thanks I
get this is me and Jill's favorite drink
song right now yo bottom all the lyrics
you know the lyrics
gotta sing it baby
don't be you hanging with some girls I
see before see the more army on my cell
phone ain't nothing to me my love call
me on my cell phone late night when you
need my
I know in my heart I believe knowing
mean one thing I know in the hotline
bling' these days all I do is win over
bad was a solace but if you only know
the girls are gonna want this I'll try
it next time enough you don't need no
one else you don't need nobody
you make me feel like I'm so since I
left this lady oh so we're starting our
day off early gonna Pasadena do why did
you laugh cuz I look at the time at you
live boys what early I guess first thing
for Saturday's we're sick person on a
Saturday and I'm pretty hungry so we're
gonna go shopping in Pasadena and we're
trying to figure out a new place to get
breakfast at and I always go on my
trusty Yelp cell phone action up in
Aoyama nano yeah a bread breakfast
breakfast and brunch loading let's see
Giulio at Julian's before yeah
what about mixing much see what they got
they got ice now finding four stars I
kind of want french toast or pancakes of
some sort Liz this chili cheese tots
what the hell that was delicious
wait you just said you want thankings I
know but I saw a picture of chili cheese
tots that looks good but I do want a
pancake sir I want something sweet
though
I love having sweet breakfast by the way
I don't uh see we can go back to
Julien's if you want or we can go to
beanies cafe you just call it some
driving okay so I just call anything I
want just tell me which direction let me
put a Pasadena
instead of current location
by the way Frank Ocean is one of me and
Jill's favorite favorite favorite
artists of all time he's a fucking
genius
dresser can go to rustles OH
French tells baby baby oh yeah we're
going there rustles babe alright so
amazing they just walk they don't kick
too many blouses 1/2 an ounce too many
balls and a quick no lucky charms
please come around too much parasite
around and up up too many jelly rice and
Daddy shed walk many wife my
white lies super rich kids with nothing
beliefs they're super kids ain't nothing
fake love help I'm searching for real
yes how did we end up at a different
place
like 40 people just waiting outside so I
mean a partner like not now and we all
there was like some kids soccer team
outside I was like three teams out there
so did you see anything yummy here my
strategy usually is if they don't have
any pictures I like go on Yelp and I
start looking at different things so I
look on the menu what I like and I'll
try to find a picture player or I look
here and I go this is pretty good and
then I'll look for it all the money I
saw a cinnamon roll french toast earlier
oh yeah
I'm not a big speed
person in the morning while not a sweet
person morning
you're clearly in the morning
irie-kun I got a cinnamon roll french
toast
it just looked too delicious on Yelp's I
had to get it it's French toast with
cinnamon swirls in it hashbrowns over
easy eggs one sausage one bacon and then
you've got some what did you get
ham stick and egg whites didn't get
anything that was on the naughty scale
and that one's yours
oh are you tracking my poster
hey I didn't you trick me man my mother
I scare you
how many other people call your mom back
I didn't your mom Barry it's one of
those things where someone says
something yeah it's a minute for you to
register it is that you hear the sound
first and then once you think about it
you're like okay we put the sconce again
it makes this word side of the sound
person that's scared that's a lot of
thought process I mean that's oh wow I'm
very fast did you find a pair of pants
you liked I think so what are these what
the hell is that is that for baby
what kind of pants are those really they
look Airy
yeah I like pocket
what are you doing at ride on now oh
yeah I'd like to get it on once okay
these look like PGP
imma go upstairs look at dyestuff oh
cool publish brand so what's really cool
about publish brand is I literally saw
them come up on Instagram so back when
there were a smaller company maybe even
like a year or two ago when they first
came out with joggers and with some
really simple stuff and they started to
explore and experiment into cutting so
and they came out with really really
clean designs and now to see them at
Urban Outfitters that's really really
cool and inspiring for an apparel
company like me and gos barber gate to
be able to see the growth of another
company and to see a style that you
actually admire and that inspires you
it's really cool and over here they have
like jackets and stuff but what sucks is
since I'm always hot and la is hot for
me I can never wear jackets but I love
Jack if I would buy so many damn jackets
but I just can never wear them if I
bought Jack it would be such a waste
well I do have jackets but this just
looks awesome
why was I born with all these super hot
jeans uh-huh I don't why I'm pretty sexy
but why am I born with these super
Hodgins I'm just sweaty and greasy all
time sucks ass against my own best
judgment I still have to try on this
jacket cuz I still really love jackets
and look at this this is a really cool
detail in here I can show you but it
says leather collar that I think is
really cool and it makes the blue pop a
little bit because a yellow and brown is
kind of like a opposing primary color so
I'm probably gonna buy this just about
love jackets but what the hell no way
corduroy is coming back in that's crazy
look at this corduroy it's coming back
in that's so interesting I remember when
I used to wear corduroy in elementary
school this thing were like the hottest
pants in the world I remember just
playing on the playground during recess
and I'd be just sweating my legs off my
entire thighs would be so sweaty those
damn corduroy things so if you guys know
me I always wear the same stuff all the
time t-shirts tanks or button-ups and
joggers or shorts and stuff and mainly
athletic and even if it's casual it's
more on the street where and never on
the more hipster I guess more like Urban
Outfitters end and I wanted to step
outside of my comfort zone and so I'm
trying on this shirt right here let me
know what you guys think that's a
different type of cut is longer it's
more form-fitted the sleeves are a
little bit tighter and the neck hole is
way bigger than what I'm used to
here's a neck hole but overall I think
actually looks not bad it's just that my
hair's not done hey bottoms don't match
at all but I like the way it drapes and
I think
actually look good on past Appeals
because it's a shirt that I can probably
go on a date in so I got a couple other
colors and hopefully I'll try it on see
how it looks like but at first when I
first saw it other oh man there's no
microphones like that just stab me but I
think it's good to experiment because I
guess it'd be it'd be a waste to just
only have one style rest of your life
you know your entire life ahead of you
it's good to just experiment try
different things and express therefore
things about yourself and learn things
about yourself and when you put on
clothes it makes you feel a different
way all the time you know some people
have specific gym clothes it makes it go
hardcore
so people are specific I wore clothes
like a certain dresser or tied and I
like to wear that makes it more hustle
so I think clothes is just another form
of expression and it's good to express
yourselves in different ways
did you try any of those things on yeah
I'm getting all of those how much did
you try on like 20-something things and
I'm gonna get it I'm gonna add it for
more thing
and I'm probably set for like another
six months six months wow that's a lot
okay maybe could be uh we uh we shoot a
lot and sometimes those clothes go by
really quick like I don't know rotate
them in the way where you guys can't
tell that I've already worn it like ten
times these are my favorite already
whoa I know it's like nothing I know I
thought once my
you get one in every color it feels so
though
you might want to try it on because I
just took a chance with these shirts and
then the shirt that I showed you earlier
and actually looked good and I was okay
I must get one in every color and I
tried some of the other colors and some
of the colors don't look good according
to the cut so you actually got to try on
every color because they all look
different so while we're out shopping
the SD card ran out of space so I wasn't
able to record the rest of the shopping
adventure but I did not end up buying
that blue jacket I was telling you guys
about and I should really proud of
myself because I know that if I got it
I'm probably only gonna wear once and
I'm just sweating my balls off jacket
you already oh god it's so so I do have
a bunch of jackets all these are jackets
all they up to here and I love buying
jackets and the only time I get to wear
them is when I get books for shows and
cold states so I'm glad that I did not
buy that blue jacket even though I was
super super tempted but Gio did buy a
bunch of stuff and then she wanted to
show me so like if you're going to show
me then we might as well show you and
then I'll show you what I bought
afterwards so is that your first piece
yeah so I got this so I got this sports
bra that was like really flat so for my
girls that no sports bra like we know
that sports bra aren't flat you know
because they're supposed to like cup
your boob right but I got this one that
I'm actually wearing right now but it
was flat it was really weird I'll show
it to you after when I take it off but
anyway this is the first thing I got and
it was on sale it was like 20 bucks but
because I had this is Urban Outfitters
because I have the app or something I
did something he scanned something and
then I get 40% off on top of that so I'm
like this is pretty cute that is nice
it's so that's more casual wear right
it's not sportswear yeah then I compared
shorts today but you're about to see
just show you okay you're not gonna cut
nope I'm not cutting all right do you
guys want to see what shields that under
eyes look like one two three oh she put
up a just in the nick of time
yeah these old shorts are super comfy
God Emily that big-ass scar from fun
yeah the dog's body is really attached
to you she jumps on there huh she's like
yeah yeah yeah this you're like this to
Norfolk ah she got my arm too but not as
bad yeah so shorts I thought were really
cute those are nice
all right skirt jack the undo the
buttons one by one are you serious oh
okay cuz I was like damn that that would
really deter like a rapist look sad damn
it that fucking itches oh this way
that's so stupid
I don't know else goes work well how's
this for psychopath that's for what I
want to think that fine what is this
pumpkin colored this pumpkin spice
sweater yours did you see that meme of
all the pumpkin spice stuff that they
have going on these days hey hold on I
thought you're ready
I wasn't you just talked about the
impossible button oh well anyway this is
the others but this is another skirt I
got or not another button
so cute it's like I wasted thank you
what does high-waisted mean it covers
your belly button yeah this is high
waisted so this is my these are my
headphones here yeah this is like
regular would be about two up to here
low waisted would be a little bit lower
and this is high waisted so lowest it
means if you don't shave your people to
pop out no that's here always to just
around here oh I see
so around like the butt crack oh I think
but it's super cute then you can wear
like a crop top which means this is like
a long top this is regular appears
cropped but if you don't wear high
waisted stuff a crop top could like show
all this Oh show a lot of skin more skin
than you might want then I got this top
what silver yeah it's for ass fails as
the feel I mainly get it because of esta
I'm not done changing oh it's not a bra
yeah this is sports bra Oh looks nice
your boobies look nice in it oh my god
was it done changing well you got to
tell me these things cuz if I might just
actually catch something this is another
one that was also on sale that was
really cute it opens up on the side and
it's so about if he can see this but we
nice so would inspire this shopping
that's not a sweet scent I feel crazy
but what inspired me even shopping was
the fact out we're constantly on a bunch
of JK films up in our own personal
channels so I found myself recycling the
same clothes open over again and there
was this one time where I was wearing
one shirt in like JK party and at the
same time that asked the feels was going
up it was the exact same clothes it
looked like I'd never changed so I'm
like oh I think I did new clothes that's
kind of also in the comments they
complained there we go oh my god we're
the same clothes all the time oh do they
sound like that final kept changing okay
well forget you ready Turner
well here are some of the stuff that I
bought then we'll do a you know what
we'll do we'll do one of Geo's one of
mine so this is a airmax and the
significance of this is growing up oh it
finish then you can have your long story
every okay fine day so I guess we're not
taking turns today no we're not that
wasn't the plan
so this is another another shirt is that
belt it no it's like that um the one
that they wear the pants and the
Caribbean oh I don't know
linen but you see how the high-waisted
with the crop top is really cute yeah I
don't know
doesn't look slutty or anything so looks
semi conservative I guess cool yeah um
had a couple dresses I like this shirt
why show you was I'll take off my skirts
and you can show all right so I'll just
shoot it like this can you please can
you please turn the camera on right now
- no you just fuck what you're picking
your nose it's still ready all right
your noses was it that one no does a
booger before I used to call them
leprechauns yeah
what does a booger and I was at home but
I'm allowed to pick my boogers at home
right true but yeah you're recording um
what do you mean I could record in one
hand and then pick better to the other
yeah how my edges it's so hot today
are you done changing up this is another
skirt I got I was kind of on the fence
no no I want to wear it cuz I am kind of
hippy I had like bigger hips in a small
way so anything like this makes me look
like a triangle no you don't look
awesome I got a mess of it you look
awesome what are you talking about I
don't know it might be too highway 6 in
it I put it too low that looks weird
then you look like a slut a source no I
just I feel I look white oh but I like
the materials like silk it's really cute
I don't know I like Airy materials on
you it looks good I'll make it work uh
I'll try on so you don't want to take
turns
no all right do you weigh you've got
like a whole like dissertation as to why
you went with this and I'm just like
hold on I'll be done real quick I'm
gonna change okay
I'm change I'm shooting above because I
know you're taking their stuff off
see also got some movies and stuff but
there's so many guys are like turn the
camera down oh okay so Jill is just
naked now
no not bigoted see stressed if I want me
to not the shorts just that's Lululemon
ya know still working well with the cute
like ten broader look with you right
this black so just pop it out yeah that
looks good thank you yeah also for sale
I like you to know this material what is
this material wasn't everything like
thirty forty percent on forty percent
oh yeah this sale table is polyester
some slowly started at so here it says
this one was sixty bucks and then on
sale was thirty bucks and then forty
percent on top of that which is what
like 18 I don't know it's really get up
yeah
negative uncle pants do you not to just
whatever you want to show me I'm just
showing them whatever you wanted to show
me they're high-waisted more on the
khaki material
you know what's crazy you know what's
coming in on the guys side freaking
corduroy on the girls side too well it's
ridiculous especially in the wintertime
I got a couple dresses in a number I got
the same so this is like the black one
and the silver one I just showed you
guys but I got it in pink but they all
look so different so I'm like I'm just
gonna get it I could have sworn you have
a shirt just like that it's all white
but I don't talk and then this one super
cottony so soft and this one is kind of
see
but I could dress it up dress it down or
layer it that's not a stream Razorbacks
it's pretty much a strainer yeah well
then I got two dresses that I really
like so I got to turn it back up turn it
back up oh okay I'll show you guys our
fan I guess so this is our fan that we
have in our bedroom and it spins around
and it looks like there's like ten arms
but there's usually only like on all
three and then there's a lamp right
there and then when you pull on that
string
it turns the fan off and if we go to the
door over there that a little switch if
you flick it this whole thing turns off
and that's pretty much our fan and I
think you probably buy one at Home Depot
like 100 200 bucks something like that
okay back to G all right so Gio has a
dress son well then so much sighs I'm
sorry yeah
well this is the other case I got my
dress is nice thank you
I like yeah it was like 60 bucks went to
30 and then 40% off on top of that with
taxes of $18.00 you can't look at how
cute this is I like it I like it too and
it's just chill it looks like static
when the TV isn't working this is the
bra was talking about ladies check this
thing out it's so flat like I don't even
know how it like you guys just saw me
wear it
Wow yeah it's so flat that's awesome Wow
those materials awesome see I don't even
know what to do then does it even
provide any support at all it does Wow I
picked up my boobs I'm so surprised I
just bought it I am who's this Lululemon
or not no it's um I don't even know
might even be urban wow that's a amazing
material yeah okay last dress
all right so I'll show you guys so we
got this we have this air freshener
thing and I forgot what flavor it is but
I'm a big fan of very light sense so let
me see what this says this is a black
currant I believe and you just stick
those sticks in there and what it does
is it soaks up the oil and then releases
into the air and so the room smells nice
or else usually it smells like dog or
smells like other weird sense and since
this house is kind of old there is a
scent of old moist old house smell but
with this it just smells very pleasant
coupled with the fan that we were just
talking about it kind of spreads the
scent everywhere so the whole room
smells very nice and then back to gyah
this is it the last dress and I was like
bargain super cute look at the back oh
right yeah they can tell you dead left
now yeah daebak is pretty strong 336
dead left right there cute right you got
pockets that's pretty cool that's pretty
cool yeah give this stuff
lemon stuff just bras because
Lululemon's is shit though I got a boob
job
I can don't want more of my other bosses
and it's just smash and coming out of
the sides it's for you yeah these and
this one is it like this foul right now
so sweetie there's like little racerback
types yeah face your back with this part
see this cobwebs
yeah cobweb desert pants that's it
what up girl so I took a shower real
quick just cuz I was walking around and
97 degree weather all day and I was just
felt really really sweaty and earlier I
was holding the camera and my elbow pit
right here it would just be sweating the
no just be leaking out of this little
crack right here so I didn't want to
like leak juices all of my new stuff
anyways um excuse me I still kind of
have a stuffy nose that I'm
self-confident phlegm but I do want to
share with you guys what I got so the
first thing I got here are shoes and
these shoes kind of have sentimental
value to me just because uh so one of
them is an Air Max 95 and when they
first came out there on one of my
favorite pair of shoes and growing up I
didn't have the money to buy the shoes I
really wanted and most of my shoes were
like you to the twenty to fifty dollar
range and I really like these shoes so
now that I'm older I kind of want to buy
them not only because I like them but I
still like them because they're fucking
freshest but they're like classics but
also it's kind of like a guilty pleasure
that I get to buy the things that I
couldn't afford back then with my own
money now so I'm kind of proud of it you
know
so the first pair are the Air Max 95 and
my favorite ones have always been the
classic yellow ones ever since these bad
boys came out I thought they were hella
fresh and I'm pretty I'm pretty happy
that they rereleased these so these are
the first pair the second pair are the
zoom flights and I remember all the rich
kids had these and if you didn't have if
you can afford these and you got the LA
gear high tops or you got some Reebok
high tops to play basketball in but all
the rich kids have these but now I can
afford them I'm sorry
and they look like this I know they look
like alien eyes and probably to a lot of
you uh younger kids out there by what
the hell you think that looks dope hell
yeah let's dope motherfucker look at
that shit
BAM and these were a hot shit when they
first came out to and I'm glad I'm able
to get these probably be wearing these
with like caramel shorts or something
and these last pair these last practice
bar because I liked him as nothing to do
with my child or anything like that I've
just always been a big fan of the Nike
shoes that have the full-on air bubble
and I just wanted some shoes that would
pop like if I'm wearing like a boring
shirt boring shorts I just want some
shoes out pop so I got these BAM
it popped like a motherfucker tennety
dieter so those are the shoes that I got
and then I'm moving on to uh so my main
focus though is because I'm filming ask
the fuels all the time that uh njk news
I wanted to look presentable so I got a
lot of presentable shit this is one of
the things that I got so I went to uh I
just went around you know I try like to
pick a variety of things just because
every single designer or every single
store has a different taste so first
when I went to Banana Republic and I
just found like a plane you know gray
almost chambray looking flannel it's
nice and soft I get hot real quick so I
got something else then and then I got
this uh pretty like neutral colored
flannel probably go with anything got
grays and browns in them just got that
and then I went to Urban Outfitters and
then ooo Urban Outfitters I got those uh
well shirts that I was showing you guys
but then I also got some uh published
brand joggers they're actually pretty
good quality and because of my legs and
my butt have a I show you guys right
here I got pretty big legs and butt so
my butt pops out a lot
because I squat I need pants that
stretch with me or else there's times
where I sit down and just rip the seams
and bees actually stretch which are
really cool and then I got some dark
denim because I was planning on buying
boots for the winter but it's October
and it's still 97 degrees out here in LA
so I don't know when I'm going to get
those boots and I got two colors of the
shirts that I was trying on that's when
I got from Urban Outfitters and then I
went to j.crew Jake Razoo I'm with the
Jake room and I got oh I really like
this this is a pretty dope flannel
really cool colors and then I got two
just to mix it up so I don't always wear
button-downs cuz I have a ton of
button-downs I bought two Henley's and
they fit pretty good and especially
since I'm on a bulk what's cool about
these Henley's is a sense I'm on a bulk
my shoulders and traps and neck are
getting bigger but so is my belly but
the Henley it's kind of baggy like
underneath so it kind of hides my belly
so it just makes me look buffer than I
really am so that's awesome and now I
know why girls always buy clothes like
accentuate their figure you know it's
important to buy clothes because or it's
important to buy clothes that make you
look good because when you look good you
also feel good until you take it off and
you're like aw fuck I'm a fat piece of
shit and then I went to a penguin I love
penguin I love Ben Sherman but this shit
is hella expensive but it's my lucky day
because everything was like 40% off for
some reason so I got like three stacks
of but nuts right Here I am
BAM down I'm trying to go for like
vibrant colors to mash you know like my
kicks like this this shirt or probably
go good with these shoes you know they
got that little peach thing going on BAM
but that with those brown jogger that
has got bam bam that's hot right there
is alpha right there
let me just pull this motherfucker out
BAM stun where the joggers out BAM
babbity boom boom damn look at that boom
bam bam bam bam bam boom man look at
wait look at that that's a hot ass off
right there but bam bam bam boom boom
papa yeah now let's tie right there and
then I got two more staff the flannels
different colors bam bam boom bam bam
thank God one more stack but out foul
pop but up top BAM oh this one's really
cool that little house little house on
the other design and the dope thing
about the penguin flannels are a lot of
more short sleeve so since I get hot as
hell
I think short sleeves to keep me cool
and it last but not least I got some
socks cuz uh you guys really pay
attention everyone always makes fun of
me I always had these holy socks but I
got some actual socks this time Nike had
a deal I was like buy one get one fifty
so no shows so uh now I don't have these
holy socks no more and that's pretty
much all that I bought bought all kinds
of stuff look for a lot of sales the
only thing I really paid top dollar for
it I had no sale wear these shoes these
are pretty expensive but I'm buying my
own money not my mommy and daddy's money
so uh I could make any call I want and
yeah my nose itches like crazy it's so
weird it's like it's hot so I feel like
I should take off all my clothes start
sweating but then I'm still a little bit
sick so now my nose wants to want to
sneeze so fun weird but yeah this is my
shopping spree right here hopefully it
lasts me a while hopefully you guys can
stop calling me out but probably aren't
you guys people on ask the field of
stuff that'd be calling me out oh you
don't be tight this fucking show right
here with like we're like the dark denim
Bam Bam found with your shoes boo-boo
aisle four right there son okay it's
exam but I bought a faint Bam Bam Bam
throw like that whoa look at that colors
damn just boom boom boom boom boom boom
boom boom damn dude should have been a
fashion designer
boo boo boo boo boo bah bah choo choo
choo choo boo boo
bat bat bat bat bell pepper boop boop
but the pound pound pound
yep doesn't my clothes
okay one last request you just do a sexy
pose real quick ah
