you know it's pretty Kenny today is
Tychus first time in the JK office thank
you what do you think about the office
is it colorful he's cross-eyed oh no oh
yeah the reason why he's got the office
is cuz we have a couple of meetings and
we have to go straight into getting his
shots which is gonna suck because what
sucks and it's gonna be good it sucks
because it's gonna hurt he's gonna cry
and we hate seeing them cry but it's
gonna be good because that means you can
finally take them places now and we can
go out onto the public so in order to
fit all that in our schedule is this
easier for Mom fair to bring them to the
office what do you think do you think
would have been easier if we just left
them at home and then you just come to
the office I wish usually on my home
next time huh okay well what's done is
done
time to get your shots baby boy Bobby
looks so cute you pushing a stroller in
public could you just look so Kimmy cuz
you don't look like a stereotypical mom
so when you are doing mom things it just
looks really cute alright so this little
guy just got away which is why he's
butt-naked and he was hardly 14 pounds
14 pounds a big fella do you remember
how much she said how long he is now oh
she did see because they usually mark
the paper and then they magic paper all
its it's one thing here all the goods on
this file let me see he's 25 inches so I
don't forgot but that's a little bit
over two feet you're two feet long
mister to look at two feet long you big
you because that guy he's mad
who's that guy in the mirror should I
leave them naked
no cuz they're gonna yeah well we do
have this little blanket it's all
blanket on there you go yeah you public
you like new big kitty who's that guy
who's that guy that um brother did you
like uni you're growing so healthy
you're doing so good
25 inches or 14 pounds what is that it's
not sweat I'll tell you that much what
is it drew a freaking draw your little
drooler nipples ah that's indecent
exposure buddy this is why we can't go
anywhere nice who told you you this is
for babies is probably a weight limit
this is why we can't have nice things
I know I gave it to him and the OKC get
ah she's coming she's coming she's
coming
yeah she's coming the doctors coming oh
just kidding she's not coming don't get
back on don't do it I have to take care
of two children a newborn and a freaking
toddler
they're proprioception I'm William walk
the PD says you're gonna do whatever we
can to bring this guy's little Nia helps
build their core and then sometimes if
you stimulate the hence it brings their
knees up and then I found out that where
you can elect it right or left so long
though long legs sentence and like
all-nude him he just got his three shots
and he was crying so hard yeah I'm sorry
I never seemed quite that much perform
that kind of got to me I didn't think I
was cuz I know it's good for him and so
for me like I'm always really logical
and like going into Daleks you have to
do is good for you but then when I saw
him cry and I never seen him cry so much
in my life it made me cry out like oh
poor guy why didn't miss a girlfriend
he's such a good boy cuz he was crying
his brains out in the minute I picked
him up he stopped crying and he just
like felt safe or something yeah you
know that careful cause a it's by
warming here yeah but he feels good but
I just never thought like as a dad you
it's like oh it's tough it's good for
him and I didn't think I was gonna cry
but
I actually was holding you back really
good I was like I had nothing in my eyes
and I looked at him and I'm like oh no
that's good for you
no no you can do everything when you can
be off the floor no no no let's not do
anything we want just yet you're not
superhero
pax means okay you could know something
unattainable now no good no okay you go
pick it up so what's going on right now
is a whole mom like they flew down there
is some Kaizen content and develop our
next program but what's really really
awesome is the three Russians that you
see or they just saw in the video one of
them is mr. poroshenko who is a
legendary powerlifting coach in Russia
so we're really trying to take the
powerlifting portion of Kaizen to the
next level by bringing literally like
the Phil Jackson or gonna let the top
called just in the world in powerlifting
and create a Kaizen / borscht able
program and that's what we're working on
right now so out of the Kaizen funds we
flew him and his translator down from
Russia so we can develop this program
with them and also next to him is a dr.
Mike Ezra tell who's a strength coach
and yells as a PhD so we're getting some
crazy legitimacy but these programs are
gonna be really really difficult
several more six months long some of
them you might be trying to put three
hours but this is gonna be for people
that really want to take the train to
the next level they want to have a
chance or opportunity to like become an
elite lifter and really really be
serious about lifting so that's what
we're developing right now isn't it
crazy this day's been nuts it went from
getting Tiger shots to now meeting with
our Russian business partners that we
flew down with Mike and Homer and then
we have to go back in because I want to
be too far away from the business
meaning where they feel rude cuz there
is this kind of like weird cultural gap
like even when I've talked straight to
him because he is my elder I fly
questions are kind of aging in that
sense so I'm kind of scared like I'm
kind of looking at the floor a mr.
shameful do you think so I don't want to
leave the meeting for two so I think if
we have strength develop yeah I think we
have do you think would there be a
significant difference in terms of the
training between the full program that
would be two peaks are two peaks in like
four maksud or than a general strength
program where the goal is to develop a
basic is there really that big of a
difference I think to describe offseason
is you don't like you don't you sense
you know two months so I think it's
wrong no no it sounds like that that
year plan with the offshoots we just
finished filming and now it's time for
us to get dinner and professor Shaco
said he wanted fish and I'm calling a
professor because in Russia he knows so
much about power lifting that he's
considered a professor kind of like a
doctor you know so he wanted fish
okay cool let me look up some fish
places and this place is so interesting
I have to show you guys so we're in one
of the high rises in downtown LA in this
entire place is made out of marble first
of all and if you look up there
incredible like old vintage downtown LA
building you're almost New York like
like it's established old school like
there's this building probably had a
different purpose back in the day and
look at all these elevators and they
even call it this car up see this car so
I found this restaurant and it's called
a water grill but it's just so
interesting because it's like outside it
looks modern and inside it looks like
has this old-school Italian mob feel and
this is a restaurant right here it's not
crazy you see all of that and then
randomly you have this and you go in
here and it's like a pretty nice classy
restaurant
we're all sitting over here
wait to show you the food
I ordered
that specializes
oh my goodness linear all this fat-free
protein you know you know when things
are fried it fries all of that out of it
are you one of them
Wow look at this what is that okay it's
on the same sound
I got the right girl Sally
I'm responsible
this guy on the other hand is delicious
responsible delicious
take your pick yeah the main entree came
in I got Chilean seabass with butternut
squash broccoli nice of more veggies
zucchini pull and I got more butternut
squash what is that brown rice and
quinoa or something halibut over there
that's great what's delicious
well is that your miso pot this is a
sonic yes would be so kind to eat
everyone let me on their plate mr.
Shaikh oh so Mike got me a little
birthday present which surprised me it's
a the only reason I know of his birthday
I'm the worst friend I never give any of
my friends birthday yeah this is a good
excuse
barks birthdays the same as my mom's
birthday so then I automatically
remember each and every one of you
viewers that now subscribe to me it's
not round what is this oh you broke did
it barbell forget all cool all tight
like a gyro play yeah it's like a German
plate I try to get it to mash that's Joe
I try to master you know this is
authentic so in uh in the European Union
they a per country or from like Poland
whatever they'll have like uh the the
first letter and a for Germany you would
think it's really but it's Deutschland
yeah exactly so it's deep yeah since
you're a euro guy like me that's dope
oh thank you I think it seems it no
problem homie yeah yes it's illegal but
you can put a dashboard
cars thanks Mike I got stuff so you can
frame it on the car about it
I guess alright nothing thank you I know
why standing this friendship
if you had a car I'd buy he wasn't
