okay so finish working out this morning
took a shower got ready it's like one of
the rare times where you guys will catch
me vlogging and I already start the film
with the makeup that is weird but the
reason for that happening today is
because I am taking a new passport photo
not because my passport expired but
because I have to change my name so my
maiden name which is so weird to say my
maiden name is Giovanna Antoinette Coran
yo but I go by Giovanna Antoinette orgy
I want one it as you guys have seen and
now that I'm married I am legally
changing my name to drove wanna hunt
wanna lon so for all my social media all
of that it's so gonna status geo
Antoinette just cuz it has a nice ring
to it and I've already branded myself
that way so it's good to see is Geo
Antoinette but on all my legal documents
like my passport my social security card
what else changes like all credit cards
driver's license passport all of that I
have to change my name to Giovanna on 21
so since I'm changing my name I have to
get a brand new passport which is kind
of unfair because instead of giving me
like a renewal fee and charging me like
a quarter of what they charge they're
actually charging me the entire price of
the thing which kind of sucks because if
for anyone that's getting a brand-new
passport it they're gonna charge you 110
and this is in the US but I'm changing
my name I don't need a new passport I
just need to change my name but they're
still charging me 110 so see
sneaky you little pest Porter's but yeah
so right now I'm actually on my way to
Costco cuz they have a photo department
and they specifically say that they'll
take a passport photo for you which i
think is fucking awesome because Costco
does everything like I've gotten you
know I could see betting at Costco they
have food at Costco snacks at Costco
gasoline at Costco which is really good
you know they have passport photos I've
gotten checkbooks from Costco I think
Costco is taking over the world
seriously and like everything Costco
brand like Kirkland brand is the shit no
this is not a spade a spade this is not
a paid sponsorship promoting Costco I
just really love Costco some at Costco
now okay they just took my passport
photos and it was like the worst editing
ever this shirt looks all orange here
but I'm not really wearing an orange
it's like oh shit I guess it is orange
it just looks more Orange
oh shit it looks the same damn what's
wrong with my thank you I could have
sworn I was not wearing this but I guess
I'm wearing it um but yeah it took about
20 minutes ready to go and there's a
screen above my camera so I keep looking
at myself and it's so annoying it's so
distracting I'm actually gonna put it
down the reason I keep looking at it is
to make sure that I'm in the frame
because it's a pretty tight shot so I
actually have like the cameras this far
away if you can see my arm like
literally that far away so I'm trying to
make sure I'm in frame but because I'm
trying to make sure I'm in the frame I'm
not even looking at you guys I'm like
this the whole time it's how you
actually put down the screen that's I'm
in the parking lot now and I am probably
taking someone's time because I think
they saw me get in my car so they're
waiting for me to leave and I'm
recording this for you guys so I don't
want you guys to miss out on this but I
find it so rude when people see that
there's someone waiting for them and I
know I'm a hypocrite right now but I
have to just make this point um when
they see that people are waiting for
their parking space and they take their
sweet
to exit that parking space I think that
is show road if you do that please be a
little bit more considerate again I know
I'm being a bird because I'm doing that
right now but it's kind of like a PSA
from a public service announcement okay
so I'm not gonna delay anymore I'm not
gonna keep these people waiting and
there's probably noble waiting but just
in case they are waiting that's just all
I wanted to say I'm addicted to candy
I'm driving and I'm eating watermelon
sour pets kids and
I'm eating lifesavers gummy collisions
these are bomb the pretty bomb anyway so
going back on my um I get lost in
thought conversation we were having a
bit ago or just no um so I was thinking
something quite funny so I think I'm not
okay whoa I just heard absolutely
nothing um what I was gonna say is I
just realize I'm a pretty big fucking
troll I get a kick out of ruffling
people's feathers and what I mean by
rifling their feathers is
I don't know like either scaring them or
making them think one thing happen but
then it really didn't happen so think of
prank like that feeling when you prank
someone
oh that's something they get when they
get pranked but without the prank like I
don't really like pranking people I
don't like people outside of just
scaring them I'm basically like super
innocent scared like I was gonna be
waiting around the corner and I'm like
Boop
that's the extent of my pranks because I
don't want to be pranked I don't like
people breaking I don't want to be
prepared I don't want to prank people
but now time with them pranking me like
100 degrees today can you see that
spider web nope alright be Troy and lure
here maybe for a meeting going on always
has yeah she's awesome shit's not over
to KC see what puppets they're
passionate about and then once you
figure those out the ones that you feel
like you can get the best videos out of
then you narrow down those three and
then when you
interview those so you got someone that
you record okay you have to talk to each
and every one of the people to figure
out which topics they actually didn't
have a lot of knowledge about you know
let's dov'Ã¨ balls on site you know with
SOPA Bob Bart's meetings everyone looks
like this that's just desk that's his
desk that's his desk
I'm at this desk this is a cellist like
a meeting ever all right interesting
there fuck about the cock block oh shit
ticking oh damn it I keep changing
everything hold on excuse me yeah there
we go shift came Bart's been sick so
he's been laying there
well normally I hate coming home to a
bed that has not been made it makes me
feel like sloppy and like I haven't
accomplished anything in that day it's
not a good feeling
I don't like it and you keep smelling me
what up what do you smell all up on me
first you didn't want me I got famous
now lebar me no I don't know how that
that's not the way the song goes
I don't know ready action
Fred what did you just give me
everything oh it's not just for me it
says um
GGO through the baby stuff so that that
means who Joe David Neil ah oh my god
alright I want to open this this looks
so cool are these all for my eye jeez
because that means because we did it in
the ghetto where as he says open it open
in his hand I may or may not always know
that this point is a tool how cute is
this oh my goodness this is awesome
oh man we can reflection this looks so
cool oh my god you think it was this oh
my goodness this is fucking awesome the
most important yes oh yeah yeah yeah
I'm not even in that one how cute you
good Isaac dank so everyone's here for
our our weekly this sure my bar
wah
okay nice I like it
Aaron see you okay okay I know so for
those of you that don't know Aaron he's
like the man behind anything barbell he
makes it happen if he doesn't know what
it is is gonna make it hard to seize
like a fucking magician but Aaron only
wears sweaters so anyone that knows
Aaron knows that he is all about the
sweater life it doesn't matter 100
degrees 200 agrees right fuck yeah it's
like it's in the desert and this one's
wearing a hoodie all the time all the
time it does not matter he says it
regulates his temperature whatever but
keeps checking you out he's like who is
that he's like dang yeah Big Daddy play
run high player on why you so sexy nice
raping pretty
she likes to cuddle do position what is
that Aaron always has surprises for us
and he leaves it in his car center of a
meeting he just walks out to his truck
every time
side papers you saw it
player I don't want to see you said I
wanted to be the first alright I can't
show you but I can show you my face off
all these folk oh my god I wish you guys
could see this does show it don't show
hide it but let me see your face there
this just your face so you see it from
the side wow I just got real barbell
ain't fucking around don't show it let
me see your face expression facial
expression we got it with your eyes your
eyes know I see them but they're here go
what do you go look it's gonna be
fucking awesome look fun alright give it
a cheer oh sure I'm just zooming in on
your face my bro oh I brow I said no
it's not it oh there's more all right
but wait there's more why am I so oh I
know why me well
oh is that what does that with the
actual materials the actual material is
bigger than actual brass grommet on that
no let me see
all right here we go what oh I love it
colles mystics two six table
okay I know I know
I will
I gotta go there we go come on you know
my favorite body parts alrighty
