up there how come you stand back we have
Jay King used to shoot today what
happened
I just just the other day to stuff I
left I worked out my whole body just had
body aches and stuff all my joints were
really really bad sore still mm-hmm how
do you think you got it oh do I get that
thing covered I don't my god David just
got better from being sick and I had a
meeting with them for like eight hours
the other day so I spent the whole day
little Dicky you're just incubating
germs probably because everyone got sick
at least once or twice from Hawaii and I
was do I did me and G or the older ones
to not get sick yeah so I think it was
just a matter of time but yesterday you
were supposed to shoot jacob party will
happen there I don't feel good I try to
sleep it if I buy those temporary I
totally fuck out and it just shifted
were so much how how did I get worse and
that first my body just ate that just
thought I worked out too hard I thought
if I sleep them the eggs would go away
but then when I started sleeping I
started having these chills and I
started trembling so that shit this
isn't just working out too hard this is
like me actually being sick you really
missed you for Jacob party astray though
the vibe felt weird
really yeah we missed your energy I just
felt off just pretty cool
you're needed oh thank you
we had Josh on he did a good job but we
still missed you a lot but Josh came to
the rescue
it was like I called him he answered why
first he wasn't answering so I was kind
of panicking a bit like fuck cuz I'm the
first game it was specifically for six
people so I only called on six people oh
um so when you build last night I was
like oh fuck what am I gonna do but he
called me or I called him he answered
and then I told him he's like yeah
together 30 minutes away Zach 1 I'm like
that's perfect so I came right on time
that's awesome good Josh okay I'm gonna
get going now
okay I love you was your mother
so David I don't think knows about
Julia's hair so we're gonna see what he
knows
but try to capture his reaction on
camera let's see what happens but I'm
gonna have to make some shit up so
you're gonna watch me improv a bit ah
it's like I think of shit to say what
the house is oh cool yeah
see what happens
I think he's here but I'm not sure
well there he is he's getting except I
it's not here yet
Phil walking so yesterday's challenges
were actually pretty cool just because
we got to finally do some set design in
in our office and we never really get to
do that so if you could see here there
is morning Kayla oh my god what happened
right here look good hey it's a great
thing that doesn't come out now oh no oh
we have a we have this product we can
let you use David okay
Oh tide it's not tied it's like the it's
magical it's like you get this out of
99-cent store and it's over
Oh crazy mm-hmm like a major 9sr is the
green bottle it's called soil of soil as
a desert and I'd love that I'm like I
love you Oh turbo yeah what do I say
thank you we don't have for today
he has a flu here's the flu everybody's
sick man ah yesterday we had to skip out
on Jay or he had to skip out on Jackie
party yeah he wasn't here at all and
then today I got I'm here Barton I got
my Bart next to me by morning her Papa
Bear yeah hi yeah cuz I got I was sick
on your birthday
oh yeah so this fool decided not to show
up to my birthday dinner what happens on
me well
happen well we got a move but then I had
a move you know when you came to pick up
booty
oh you're mafia you're stuttering I
heard my move kidding while I was laying
on the floor cuz I was actually sleeping
because I have fever when you left I was
there for another three hours
cuz I couldn't drive my car backside
such a huge fever I was like sweating
through my shirt it sound like you were
about to say huge headache but then you
thought about it like you were like oh
god you're like hey oh fuck just a
headache cuz oh my make sense
no theme just because I would never hear
in the face that's our moneymaker
we need that shit we go February why
would you do such a thing
why did you do this to yourself
yeah yeah I want to see you ever again I
have it you want to see it I'm gonna
braid it to my pubes close to me as
possible
what it's like a hugging Tommy if I
close my eyes I can't even tells me you
anymore look at this before it might ago
I had a make of some shit I knew you
were walking inside Saul you're shouting
I'm like so for JK party we were doing
ha ha and then you looked at her you
didn't even realize it was that that
looks creepy right now anxious my oh man
how did you do this to your beautiful
hair let's be him right now
it's just she looks like a fairy like
twins now
hell no her hair's way better than your
nappy so I can shit then fuck your hair
all right you wanna fight about it to
you my god
I'm giving it to Pantene you're doing it
to Pantene to give that kids without
hair this is awesome
let's see you put it on your pubes look
up you could even feel this look you
just lay back the time you're on
somebody's head enough just chalk to
Allah years and years of hard work it
was actually like you Oh
in years you're not gonna keep it short
forever are you if you keep a sharp
forever I'm telling myself so you make
it huh you promise mommy really misses
that hair kick ok don't eat it yeah you
like my present hair I don't want coffee
I want get her back oh I thought she
liked good I love catching you miserable
and hut in the pay coffee now just like
the time she got her hair everybody's
cutting the fucking hair hmm
this is what I wanted to David's face
I'm gonna put all this water Balaji
vagina which part we're just stopping in
the face
fucking disgusting creature what's up
guys um I don't really know what
happened today but uh this morning I
woke up an hour early not by choice I
accidentally set my alarm for seven
o'clock instead of eight because I'm
supposed to meet up with the barbell
stop the train at nine but I think I got
so used to waking up that said I just
said it at seven
I want to go train and I did feel a
little bit weak but then I was just like
oh I'm probably being a bitch today you
know so after I down my coffee I was
like fucking a little more help so I
started downing a monster and my first
set felt all right I hit a 295 for six
that's a four which is probably a volume
PR and then as I started doing my
accessories for the other lips
I started feeling weaker and weaker and
weaker and a lot of the weights that I
was able to do at the lower the weight I
just felt like so out of it I'm like
damn what the fuck's going on did I work
out so hard on Monday or the weekend
that um that my body just can't handle
it but I was just like whatever it is I
gotta train hard you know I got a I got
a push through this guy stop being a
bitch so I finished a workout I go home
and my body just starts aching or
pulling on a text my body just starts
aching like crazy and I'm like what the
fuck's going on so you know when you
work out and your body is pumped after
about an hour like that pump goes away
and the aches go away too
you know even if you have tendinitis it
kind of just slowly doing those down it
stayed with me and I'm like what the
fuck's going on and I'm supposed to film
today so I will take the hottest shower
that I can I can endure it just so I can
relax my muscles and afterwards I was
okay cool have a good 30 minutes I
texted geo and I'm like I'm gonna try to
sleep for 30 minutes and hopefully I
could just sleep it off somehow
I sleep for 30 minutes I get up in my
whole body my whole body hurts my knees
hurt my oh my
sir my muscles ache I don't have a fever
although I feel like that's the only
thing that's missing from being full on
second what the fuck's going on I don't
even know what's going on so I text Geo
and I'm like hey babe um she's a
producer for just game party I was like
I'm going to make it in today do you
think you can find someone to cover if
not I'll pop in like 50 tylenol pills
and I'll drink like three more monsters
and then I'll be high because on JK
party it requires a lot of energy
because the the the game intensity are
so crazy you know like we play mafia
we're blaming each other and it's more
fun that way versus like people like you
know it's more fun people go all out on
the basketball court rather than a lot
of people have passing so I told her if
you can find someone then please let me
stay out if not I'll suck it the fuck up
and I'll put on a good show
luckily Josh was available so Josh took
my place and then I told her for the
first game I'm just gonna try to sleep
for an hour and then after that I'll try
to see if I can make the second game
which is mafia my sleep for an hour I
get up just as bad so I told her I'm
like you know what I have to be out
today and I was supposed to shoot JK
filmed at 7:00 there's another shoot
scheduled I just have to cancel all the
shoots I'm gonna make it up on Saturday
keep getting these freaking duck texts
so I have to make it up on Saturday and
I don't know what's going on so now I
slept for like the good four or five
hours like buried in my blanket and for
those of you guys would know me you'll
never almost ever see me wear a long
sleeve during the day and I'm also
wearing pajama pants and socks and I
fucking hate wearing socks in bed but I
have no choice I just feel like shit my
body aches and tomorrow's JK new so I'm
just trying to heal as fast as I can I
don't know what the hell's going on I
just drank an emergency right now and I
popped a couple vitamin C pills I'll
play get some fun later I don't know
what's going on the good thing is though
I'm not throwing up or anything which is
good because uh I don't know how about a
lot of the guys from Hawaii they either
got sick in Hawaii or some of them got
sick when they came back and some of
them
that's sick twice and a lot of the
symptoms were a stomach flu symptoms
like people were throwing up having
diarrhea and I fucking hate that I don't
know why but when I uh and I throw up my
whole body like convulses and I get sore
everywhere in all these little muscles
and ligaments so I I hate that but uh
yeah so I woke up so now I'm just kind
of here you know looking on YouTube and
stuff answering a couple of emails just
trying to do some really really light
work that's not too stressful and just
kind of trying to survive and figure out
what the hell went wrong with me we got
to check my texts oh cool it's Julia so
Julia's uh she's the line producer for
JK films and she just told me she got my
text about I can't film in Iran today
and Jill updated her so yeah it's about
it I am trying to drink as many liquids
as possible um yes I do drink water in a
very weird fashion I don't down one
water and then drink another one
sometimes like like one of them I got
from the kitchen to make the emergency
with I drank half of that the other half
was my lunch and the other half I always
have a bottle of water next to my
bedside because sometimes in the middle
of the night I just wake up them with
throat's dry as funks I always have to
have water and so I have two bottles of
water but I will knock them all down
um I don't leave empty water bottle
trash more duct x/o coats
Kiyoshi says how are you feeling my baby
how sweet is that we are all wrapped and
about to eat and want to join fuck I
would but doesn't require driving I had
the hardest time driving - don't feel
good um maybe if it's fun
Oscar fits fuck what are you guys eating
all right mom I guess that's it for now
my fucking shoulder is getting sore as
hell if I'm carrying the camera to catch
you guys in a little bit all right go
take a nap on this couch that I freaking
hate just cuz all these little black
guys little black things they fall off
look and then they end up all over my
skin see oh well so if you see that on
Jay King knees that's what happened this
is fucking you taste something here
bitch all day
listen huh listen up what's good yo my
name is David so I am a fat man all I
got so I always wanted to be a rapper
internetwork I'm giving you the I'm
giving you the hip-hop like movement Oh
what's good
hi I don't fuck with bitches bitches
bitches out of fuck with stitches
stitches stitches you can suck my dick
sis I was over here like his height oh
oh oh oh oh that's how the cameras so
shaky but look at my legs who all's
gonna take a nap I was telling them I'm
gonna take a nap right now and follow my
know back in the day if you were a video
bitch we got a lot of money Thanks yeah
they don't get peanut they know ain't
gonna give you four days in they used to
make a lot of money like video hoes okay
they call them honey
oh they call them video hoes Oh video
honey you can hit a lot of money
dang so you think females are hos David
no I think you're a ho - oh let me dry a
shit
how do you know what my pussy's like but
tell me like bars and nuts no Bart says
he can last more than 10 seconds what
what custom or what would ten seconds is
what I hope that chair breaks and your
fucking oh this is the anyone you crack
your fucking tailbone brake brake brake
brake brake brake brake brake brake
brake brake brake brake brake brake
brake brake brake brake brake brake
brake brake brake brake brake brake
brake brake brake brake brake five
around then second thank you oh god Oh
green milk D to the rescue
yeah they ran out of Thrones oh but it's
Anarchy bricks nobody cares
it's a good time coffee hey the good
time what does a good luck today
Joe's blog Jeana sitting on my lap dude
I got hella messages like did you and
Mariel break up yeah why is she sitting
on your lap anyway I've beat Bart's ass
first of all it's different for you
because when you met Bart Bart didn't
have a lot of girlfriends even if he did
the girlfriends better fucking respect
it and know that that's my lap Dan you
possessive
yeah that's ungracious oh god Ted my
desk is now in my comments below yeah
yeah all just day or night I didn't see
a problem with it or dead okay hold up
Jess Jess so you know that Joe has
girlfriends or friends that are girls
right be more friends you know that I
have a girlfriend right so and he had a
relationship the way Gina and David have
a relationship um where like they Hall
gonna do whatever right so you see him
in a video and his
friend that's a girl is sitting on his
lap do you care first uh first thought
why you starting shitty I'm not I'm not
I just want to know am I really hold on
hold on we just know you teach me way we
can you really treat home starting
rocking and this no fucking on okay I
don't know at the photo more so listen
wait a minute wait am I starting shit
though is this shit starting okay why'd
you so this is a friend this is a girl
that's been around five years before
that makes more like the Jeana David
thing it didn't faze me at all if Gina
said on Joe's lap I wouldn't care it
said somebody I don't know right yeah
it's Mariano Gina yes Oh
even though I don't know Gina personally
I know of her so it wouldn't bother me
but I think it would bother me still you
are motherfucking insecure no no but you
know I here at all no I'm not insecure
at fucking all I completely agree but
your situation is different because Bart
does not have friends like enjoys
character bars friends I think that's
what it is
yeah those characters are very character
for him to be super test true and thank
you very much a home because I had my
ex-boyfriend was completely into porn
and stuff and like was all about it and
I'm like all right cool I don't care but
if bar was completely into porn because
it's not his character I'd be like
that's fucking weird would ya like so
for me to like so so Muriel doesn't have
guy friends right
so I saw a guy touching upon her that's
different because it's not how she is
that's just going on just she's somebody
who respects her body in her body in her
space very much MIT so if I see some
other got touch up on her it's like he
should have been doing that ass right
you know I mean because it's not a part
of her how she is with with the male
gender yeah mind you if I met her she
had a lot of guy friends and that's how
it was I would have to accept that
because right that's how you better you
know me I hug women admin the same way
he does it's all that you're very equal
David is a comedy motherfucker
oh yeah you are I
nothing sexual about Gina on his lap
circles because they've been homies like
that that's cheers hey that's why I have
been a blog and you motherfuckers were
like oh my god do you see her riding him
back she was jumping up at there in no
like oh my god did he break up with Mary
oh no dude I wouldn't put that in my
blog if I thought it was inappropriate
I'm singing it yourselves who the
heaviest man don't do that soon yes I
tried to Gina basic bitch do you love
the lover oh all you girls I want to
bounce off my lap she's totally where
she's secure but she's secure yeah Erin
can't sit on another white girl can sit
on there you go there's a bunch of other
ethnicities here solid yeah she's all
know only girls that Joe's known for
like five years you're watching this no
one in this room is going to want to sit
on Joe's web for sure watch oh but on my
lap anyway oh me too dude you're Hadji
this shit though that's all I'm squishy
you are tempur-pedic yeah Joe's got a
squishing out dude
Oh fucking fat huggable yeah all up
there I should smooth the egg nog
fucking egg though Oh actually holy shit
what what this happen
my dad belly you know I used to ask him
one you're not gonna kill somebody
you look like an army traveling camping
in push it off biggis you've ever been
yeah you might have a chunkier I've been
like 160 before but now the biggest I've
been was 170 oh wow
I can't even picture you big I know
yes yes a shit all the damn time I not
you I gotta take my hair down so explain
what happened she almost died the more
not you I'm happy and we had like this
huge right now it's called a rhino -
like a giant ATV with with this one this
is it's not that one
this right here I love you more over
here over here over here my friend's
mother yes is a big girl cage and then
um so I usually drive it like I usually
do like I drift it than I do donuts but
then on our last night there to go for a
joyride and then someone left it on
four-wheel drive without me knowing
oh and that basically means like that's
supposed to traverse up on rocks and
stuff so you're supposed to go slow but
then like my like directly into like my
first drift it rolled and then I had a
passenger with me mm my head hit the my
head I see it yeah oh oh listen I got
gangster scar right there girl
well street cred so my destroy your
beauty sighs okay thank you
also on toy crazy here you fucking
killing this injury girl but um so I hit
my head on the roll cage and my friend
was fine if the car landed on the driver
side so it ended up like this and then I
kind of laid there all I Frank got all
the cards just flying it's a good thing
I was with like military guys so they
were all medics Oh
I mean they all know it was crazy glue
on your head on your head so I was
laying there they came home with like
Gina I'm like hey guys cuz you like when
you go into shock you don't really don't
know what yeah you're super close like
hey like me okay I'm like I fucked up
and I'm like can you lift your head I'm
like yeah but my ponytail stuck under
the cars oh yeah and then I pulled my
twenty tail out and then they pulled me
on the car and I sat there and then I
was like is it bad no one would say
anything and I felt the blood I was like
shit there's blood that's when I felt
like blood gushing down the back of my
head and then my friends oh no my
friends grab the gauze and when they
wrap my head up I felt something close
like it felt like something wedding
clothes oh yeah so I was like is it bad
no one would say anything else fuck and
I was like I'm going to the hospital or
inside they're like yeah you are and
then so we drove like an ambulance feels
like ten thousand dollars just to ride
so we drove 30 minutes away cuz when
real nowhere is way to emergency room
well then they clean me up and the lady
was like um she's like I gotta clean up
everything this is like Little Rock's
and you're in your brain yeah oh I
washed it out and then they gave me a
cat scan which was really weird and then
make sure that you're not brain damaged
yeah and then so I had no concussion
which is really good and then they like
they were supposed to be staples and
then the doctor came in he's like oh
that's way too deep for Sabol Oh stitch
you up shit so they stick like like I
feel like four things of they injected
me four times it
I'm just like amazing because it goes
numb immediately and then the funny
thing is he was sewing my head so like
he's sewing then he would like pull it
tight and I'm like he pulled it this way
like he was handing it to me like don't
give me that to you
was he fucking Vietnamese or something
yeah hold it really awesome um but yeah
so then vote and then they gave me a
tetanus shot because of the middle
oh yeah and that actually hurt more than
the actually actually yeah oh my god Wow
six stitches and I can you're a thug hey
one last request
you just do a sexy pose real quick ah
ticket waiting all his friends now for
the unknown oh yeah whoa clang yeah okay
all the lady waiting
yeah no wait is it hold on it says great
okay all right
there you go come on you know my
favorite body parts all right one two
you're far away Jessica and you're
really trying to get nude and shit just
kidding one two ladies of JK beautiful
would you guys feel I don't even take a
picture I'll just record yeah
hello everybody so sad Jillian cut her
hair out I bet she so long boyfriend's
il mio fuck okay so I told Julian if she
ever comes her amazing long natural
thick hair that would hold a funeral for
it because I love what we have here why
we could agree to give her funeral to
Memorial like flowers and candles right
outside the door
oh you're so beautiful we did the same I
like it actually is it cute yeah it's
actually really - I you save so much on
shampoo oh yeah oh my god it's awesome
shower time I know no monster why you
why you hating she look like Snow White
from once apology
we
he's always playing with this ball what
is it don't uh
