the perks of not having to deal with
people at the workplace and by people I
mean like customers and stuff is that
you can look like this
I literally just rolled out of bed um
put on some wrinkled ass clothing and I
am now going into a meeting and I mean
to a certain extent I'm like this is
cool like who are you really trying to
impress but at the same time I'm just
like god damn it like I need to learn
how to present myself better here like
do I really want people to see me this
way but then the other side of me goes
who fucking cares who are these people
to you in your life and then the other
side the so here here I'm tapping into
the female psyche yo like this is a
constant back and forth we go through
because of the the images that we see in
the media and and I'm just kidding this
is a bunch of bullshit um I'm just
trying to say how I'm fuckin crazy
that's all I'm crazy and I look like I
don't care about what I took sick right
now because I really don't care about
what I look like right now
all right just finished my first meeting
with the fellas there's a lot of great
things happening on both JK films and JK
party channel both channels which I am
fully responsible for in terms of
concepts so if there's anything that you
guys fucking hate then yes definitely
yell at me for that I'm so sorry
but if there are things that you love
definitely let me know so that I can
continue doing them or if there are
things that you do want to see go ahead
and let me know so that I can make sure
that it happens but if there's shit like
if you hit me up with like hey show me
show me your tits I want to see Bart
stick it's highly likely that that's not
gonna happen
but knowing Barty might show it to you
so you know what let's just throw it out
there as a suggestion so now I'm
actually heading to KC's to film a new
series that we have going on we're gonna
film him now so I'm on his way on the
way to his house and if you're gonna
jaywalk can you not fucking stop traffic
like this lady right here she just
walked she crossed the street without
looking both ways and took her sweet-ass
time that's horrible
okay and classrooms just finished
filming with Casey um and it is now 2
o'clock actually 204 to be exact in my
next meeting is that too but it's okay
because I already gave them a heads up
like 30 minutes prior to me knowing that
I was going to be late which is still
not that good but I know everyone is
local so let me try to put my camera
there cuz I'm driving um so yeah it's
not sorry cuz yes it's not too much of a
burden on the person or people just
because most of them are with me Tommy
and Julia and then the other one is Sean
who lives pretty close so it's not gonna
be too much of a headache and I'm
vibrating but did you see my phone case
look at that I bet that's Ben then on
ongoing joke anyway um yeah so just
finish filming with Casey um got some
really cool stuff to share with you guys
it's super cute and um now like I said
going to my meeting but I'm so hungry I
don't know what I should eat like I
don't want to keep going to McDonald oh
I'll put a local Sun I think I'm gonna
get out play logo
thanks guys I was just thinking of what
I could eat because I didn't want to eat
McDonald's again and I thought about
I'll play logo so I think I'm gonna get
out boy we'll go
okay so I just finished my reading on
with Julia and Sean and I have some time
until my next meeting which is going to
be a barbell meeting and I was on
Instagram and you guys keep saying check
my damn I just had you stamp do and I
never check my dams just because I'm one
I'm always afraid for the dick pics to I
just forget about it and I don't really
have time to look at it so today I'm
going to be looking at my DMS
first with my phone case it's so cute
okay I'm done
all right let's look at these DMS
seriously I have a fucking shit ton I
have 99 plus DMS is what it says here we
go
oh we try to start as late as possible
or I guess as early as possible
hold on I'm still scrolling here hmm
nevermind slight interruption there but
it's okay because it's from quest
nutrition really really really really um
question train is awesome I'm going to
open this box I placed an order for
myself
Bart and a beam who all live in the same
house I know we didn't adopt nadine but
yes we did adopt in the name and i'm
opening up the package right now cuz i'm
very impatient and i like opening up
packages as soon as they come thunder
the done but we're up just kidding
so this is what i got questions so like
I said I got them for barbell and I got
some for us so I'm gonna have this side
sign a team I used your keys to open up
the package right here sorry bro see
what came in here I know what came in
here they're gonna be bars because I
ordered them hell yeah hey yeah cookies
and cream is actually one of my
favorites Oh someone's calling me yeah
son oh my god I am so excited these are
seriously my favorite chips and a
favorite protein bars um CT so yummy and
the chips are just so good it's like 21
protein I think three fat five car five
carb come on come on you had me at five
seriously I think I missed the call did
you did you guys answer that I think I
deleted my own footage but um we're not
deleted but I think I cup filling myself
on myself anyway i'll Mosin to say that
here you
is the picture of the tent they got for
bringing Meister because I'm gonna in a
blur and instead of helping her with her
problem I am buying tools to make it
worse
so she it's used to be that she's an
indoor dog but um we want to make her
more outdoor but then I bought her a
tent so Oh I'm the worst oh and aunt our
front end who you'll see in the video
our wedding videos and stuff or whom
you've seen who you have seen whom
you've seen whom you've seen in our
wedding video gave us a pizza maker
because he knows our love for pizza so
he gave us a pizza maker with propane
focus dang and a pizza stone sheet like
a boss cuz I like the pizza and what
makes a really dope macro pizza so I'm
looking forward to him making pizza
you're fuckin evil
do you know evil you look ok this is
your fucking humming that and you're all
by yourself his room underneath that
lamp you lookin evil it's a small world
after all there's nobody else here it's
time yeah but you're evil
give your fucking ninja sword behind you
he's fucking evil we hit look at his
pleated foot things like that
dick doll does in the rocking right and
he's in the rocking chair it's fucking
evil there's just everything is bamboo
right rocking chair humming that word a
song like frickin I love Disneyland
I'm mr. Chris was on Lincoln laughter
now I know what about the Christmas
channel you were seeing some Christmas
shit you're pretty
never pretty mouth Nadine what that
mouth do you see my eyelashes everybody
comments about my eyelashes on this side
yeah you have nice eyelashes they're
great was they like yeah look at that
oh and there's these dirty fingerprints
right by your face good mine probably
not hurt by these motherboards all right
before I was interrupted I heard earlier
today after a bunch of meetings um I
actually wanted to go through some of
your
but I think I'm gonna interested it get
the first I was going to go through the
ends because they've been requesting for
me to read my dams because I don't ever
read them and here they go again these
are all dams from you guys did I've yet
to read I'm a horrible person
look at that hopefully I don't get any
dick pics because then I'll block you
for hour but yeah the first time I was
trying to show them my dams babe um the
mailman came to door the FedEx guy came
to drop off holy shit like neverending
some quest bars there's Bobby here still
in this evil chair what evil guy wait up
I'm still going through my dams holy
fuck
this is intense alright I think I'm just
gonna pick it at random cuz this is like
never-ending see I look yellow hello
yellow oh my god why don't look like
yeah look I didn't even be facing this
way wow I still look at yellow alright I
don't know I'm opening one from oh cool
so I open one up from August 6 and this
is from CX r ly y dot X a VV y I don't
know how to pronounce that this is cool
look at this you drew me thanks and then
they roll I wish I had done it better
but yeah
why do you guys say that this is amazing
this is so cool
I can't do this don't put yourself down
this is awesome I love this one I'm
gonna I should reply how do I reply oh
here we go
I'm writing this is awesome
this is cool alright next one this is
fun why didn't I do it before oh shit I
lost my space alright
see what this one says Oh can't open it
actually in a dame loves he loves
opening these for me what is this
okay I want it's a picture of this which
is nothing creepy yes Nadine I'm opening
my DMS for everyone
okay see you good well I'm recording
over there so I'm showing everyone what
I got hey dick big no not yet thank god
this one won't open so that's cool
all right so some they sent to the whole
crew but there's nothing so moving on
okay this one says I'm visiting
grandparents who live in China and I saw
a barbed-wire gate video and the news
hear what did you hear that hmm someone
said I'm visiting my grandparents who
live in China and I saw a bar ball
brigade video in the news here sorry for
not taking a picture thanks the yellow
fellow that's awesome for sharing that I
wonder was it good news or bad news
leave it in the comments I'm very
curious okay good yeah
be right back you
he's always playing with this book what
is it
this is oh my god maybe that's the worst
thing you could have seen to see his
dick you saw my pictures today you saw
his dick no that's fun and you see his
dick
yeah we're naked we're fucking walking
Levin shakes our Joel ticktick jo-sticks
are you
he saw his dick though see everybody's
you don't look on purpose you see his
dick probably wait what'd ya think yes
sir no I'm gonna go pick his dick out of
a lineup I've got a guy can you pick his
dick up oh you just glance you see it
from your peripheral like you said how
you see someone's boobs well no but I
stare at him oh we don't say no like I
could pick I could pick them off with
like I could pick tips out I could pick
Jess's oh no no we don't stare we don't
look I can't pay oh and it's obviously
it's not as hard to look I mean it's
easy to look straight if you look down
it's obviously a looking other day I'm
sure you cheat you and then if you look
down and the dick comes up and looks at
you wait the hell what's going on down
there but you said that happened to you
all the girls in the shower I mean only
that's weird
the bad thing about what there's naked
men whispers OH
have you seen Kirby's gonna go there
yeah every time but a perv two other
guys like a gay perv yeah but there's
nothing wrong with being a pervert what
are you talking about of course there is
we just talked about this the other day
there's nothing wrong of course I know
oh my god
I wouldn't mind it was a hot girl
outside transpire me yes but I already
explained that - you're gonna sound
stupid I would explain to you the
difference
you're just being dumb looking your
stupid face but just talking about your
dumb face is nothing wrong with it
look at this slow Suman look can you
pick up
I know if it does I can know I'm
focusing on your dumb face in your hair
right now it looks so funny oh actually
I love your feet though cuz they don't
smell and they're not sweaty they're
pretty awesome that's how I was able to
take a picture of your foot on my face
cuz they're great yes I do work out
anyway so back to my DMS let me see what
else I got here let me probably watch
Marlowe's well you guys are taking
forever right now cuz we're gonna keep
doing Diaz
that's what chart goes so stupid asshole
Bart made me turn it off because we're
gonna watch narcos but what did he go do
do you shower
stupid asshole Bart he's brushing me
while he's taking a shower so I'm gonna
continue with my DMS come here more get
lower so that's what he's doing right
now he told us that you guys heard him
over you wanted Oracle's freaking jerk
all right let me open up another one
this one says hello oh cool look at this
look at this picture
fujio's are amazing these are so
talented I swear hello just wanted to
drop by and say how a big fan I am of
you you always been my favorite and JK
feels you guys hear that JK films and I
support you a lot anyway this is a
digital drawing I did for you have a
nice day and hope you like it
no I love it this is awesome PS will
always support you and best of luck you
are the best that was an awesome awesome
DM why do it why don't I open these more
often
miss Bart we're doing weird stuff behind
me I'm just replying back thank you this
is great send alright next one these are
awesome
what this guy said he just a followed
Bart why oh it doesn't show me when it
doesn't show you what does that mean
like they took it down or something
see it's just blank it won't show me
anymore we move it over here to see what
happens
whoo sorry dance I got nads out of the
frame Oh try again the frame not run it
make you feel uncomfortable can y'all
and J kidney okay and I see we got a
suggestion here god damn my hair looks
freaking crazy I've been like this all
day - what why is it like this it's just
blank do you guys know why it's blank
oh no I can't see him anymore
this girl wrote this girl you guys
probably not finna open this you guys
probably not finna open this book k see
black maybe merge got here just in time
for my birthday
oh girl you cute miss aurora on me casa
see you i like the sweater on you little
cutie pie you look at her isn't she cute
she said merge got here just in time for
my birthday today happy belated birthday
i think this was sent back in august 6th
okay and ii did open it oh oh thank you
for making me laugh and have something
to look forward to every day
LMFAO you're awesome no you're awesome
thank you
this made my day I'm so sorry for
replying so late by the way I should
actually write to these people and let
them know that they're gonna view my
video so they can hear my response oh
someone sent a photo oh cool I can't
show this one though oh just cuz it's
blurry the image is weird I know why I
just told them why to the place yeah
what reminded you of me I hate this why
does this keep happening
religion weirdos new oh hey I see you
tomorrow
I am so I've ever had a tamale or the
mulch did your mom make it on time
murder cases
club soda borrow bad boys no my mom my
mom doesn't really cook anymore
all right so they roll and this is all
in Spanish hey chica so let me tell a
skill they howl saveth que muchas
gracias por las Brisas Ovidius Kayne
puesto para cheeky noticias y mucho mas
las quiero a las dos muchas muchas
ichigan reg and hola try gondolas
Reese's porque messin son wave calories
que las Vil a las dos beso SIA Brazos
Dez de nueva Jersey whoo that's it ah
Nadeem stupid was that Spanish mm-hmm
all that gc-ms yes that was cool I got
to read Spanish I never read Spanish
Spanish no he were just saying like hey
thanks so much um for making me for
making the videos that make me laugh on
JK news this is specifically for me and
TIFF you know like I love you both keep
um keep the laughs coming and the videos
coming he's like hugs and kisses from
New Jersey pretty nice pretty nice
dammit this is another blank one Oh
someone made something for ticket oh
cool just kidding is just kidding party
just kidding films I love Jake and it is
my life I made it just for JK and I love
it this is awesome
thank you so much this is cool
these are the notes I used to take in
high school like you just look like this
but it would be like my signature over
and over again and it really looked like
I was hitting notes that's I didn't
warble high school
is great you remember he used to say
that the type of tiger guy tell me the
tag again damn it all these are what
brah I know
whoa why don't want to watch this oh
this guy's a comedian he says geo I saw
your ass in a movie I didn't know you
were also it Oh actress he's so funny oh
this guy gets a lot of pussy for sure
people are weird they're really weird
like I don't know so I think people
social cues are off oh my god look it is
I don't want to show you his name
because then you're gonna just follow
him but look at his profile pic ah shit
I messed up oh well you guys saw that
he's this guy get his profile pic yeah
I'm gonna fucking psycho yeah when you
guys try to be funny it's not really
funny I don't know I I enjoy a clever
joke but shit like this I'm just like oh
man all right I saw it we're gonna want
articles are you done fucking doing your
taxes oh my god this guy said I'm sad I
have a small dick I look like that I
don't think it's funny
but I mean if you want to share that
with me then thanks let me see oh cool
Oh No okay so this person says please
send me a picture right here
Oh focus there you go and it says hi and
then it's like a piece of Dookie and it
says although Dookie emoji which i think
is chocolate ice cream or whatever um I
just started an account and I was
wondering if you could help me on what
kind of videos I could do because I'm
going into a new school and stuff and
yeah and yeah ah cute awkwardness if you
ever open this please help me thanks
that's exactly how it's written
um what kind of video should she make or
he this person that I just read Dark
Queen slays kind of video should you
make oh man I am do that watch more
horses I'm this I'm still messing around
I'm the worst at this but whatever it is
you decide to do I support you 100%
yeah alright it seems like Queen Bart is
ready to watch some narcos Abed buddy
good time to tell you about the hold
everyone heard you um singing and uh
busy screaming in the shower singing in
the shower me and Adam have been holding
it down where's Tyson oh why did you say
that Rosie we put in here what do you
put on what do you put tacks in there
nothin
what I said is in your bed are you
talking about person oh the blanket
you're so weird
Bart's the weirdest guy I know for sure
and then second is this Claire over here
it's pretty fucking weird no we're
it's pretty weird all right I guess I'll
continue my my DM opening in another
video if you guys liked it let me know
and I'll keep doing it if not then I'll
never open my D ABS ever again I smell
Tyson right here let me see
Oh show everyone the Tyson very happy
now open like unfold it unfold it so I'm
good see it so cute my baby
this one actually made me cry a bit
which one this this gift listen yeah oh
I miss him so much goddamn that's a butt
that's a back god dammit you killed it
so lame
the perks of not having to deal with
people at the workplace and by people I
mean like customers and stuff is that
you can look like this
I literally just rolled out of bed um
