I haven't justifying camera yeah I know
we're eating scammer not him though okay
I mean maybe it's a Jew stuff I mean
that's cool t1 no he has to do stuff no
yes stuff to do any sucks so alright oh
do you know if um do you know if we're
gonna see my shoes or see my feet no
okay so I'll have to wear shoes were you
guys trying to set up the shara we're
trying to do this interview for your how
we met go for broke story yeah and it's
gonna be showing you guys how you met
you guys met David back in the San Diego
Film Festival a couple years ago
mm-hm and exactly you know how that
relationship became go for broke open
what it is today I feel like a lot of
the people I have started watching that
how we met series I feel like they
really like it like especially every
member of JK I think they can relate to
in a different way they're like oh I'm
like KC I'm like if I'm my Jo or
whatever and then and it's cool to see
how all these people from different
walks of life and ideals and stuff can
come together and be friends and and in
a working relationship
yeah that's pretty tight you know before
it sounds all like you know it's like
semi inspirational but once he's editing
magic is stirring it becomes like much
much better
ooh KC the magician KC got the skills
what the hell someone turn off the AC
it's fucking no it's hot a sherry dude I
get hot so fast I could feel it as soon
as the temperature changes god damn
fuck as soon as I feel like like as soon
as the temperature changes my neck
starts to get hot and I can feel the
sweats coming in a matter of like 10
seconds
that's how sensitive I am to heat it
sucks but that's how it is where am I
gonna be sitting I don't know Johnny is
the same setup for how we met it's okay
with me but do you think we need variety
or you think that's alright cuz I can
sit over here - how our focus is the
background gonna be because I can even
cuz we could even move this coffee table
we could even move this coffee table and
just put that chair over here in the
center if you want and become we could
rearrange the whole room if you like -
alright did you measure already okay and
if I win do I win a prize yeah my
experience tells me
Casey's arms are here not in here but my
experience let me see any flex I would
say between 13 and a half to 14 inches
that's already a half inch range that's
a freakin good ass friend are you
kidding me if I had to guess what you
guys
11:18 I'm know I'm said thirteen and a
half to fourteen inches that's a half
inch range
let me see any flex one more time I
would have to go with 13 and 3/4 it's 14
so I'm a quarter-inch I see no I have
good experience at estimating people's
bicep yours look like a very very very
fat 16 very fast so we just finished
shooting JK films go-for-broke video and
also a go-for-broke video about how each
individual cast member that we end up
interviewing is gonna how they embody
go-for-broke in their life Casey yes
what about the documentary like
filmmaking process do you enjoy the most
because I always feel and always see and
feel the energy from you when it's when
it's time to direct and kind of guide
the responses and kind of guide the
direction of the video because well
you're pretty much doing like what I
told the team the other day is I feel
like a good director and in terms of a
good documentarian you're writing the
script with the cast's mouth right like
you pretty much are guiding the whole
process what about that as your most
favorite or most rewarding experience
I like the interview process I think
that's my favorite like I think having a
good concept into being is always
important but I think a lot of the
legwork is actually done during the
interview we're very easily you can ask
a question and it can go a Kasai track
for example we just did a question just
now where I asked you
did they play devil's advocate did you
did Bart go for broke when he was doing
drugs you know yeah how was it facing
his life
and and he said no and then they kind of
carried on into other areas that really
didn't pertain to what this video was
supposed to be about and so it went
nowhere but I think the important part
though is soon to understand what you're
trying to do when you're actually asking
questions and to redirect it in the
direction that you want it to go because
then if the video needs to have a
message every video every film movie
documentary should have a greater I
guess story that's gonna impart some
sort of take-home message for the
audience and that I think as a filmmaker
it's really important to understand that
and to see it from beginning to end and
I think it's during the interview
process was where it comes to life where
that message really takes hold and I
think for me the greatest joy of making
documentaries is when you ask the right
question and get the right answer and it
listenings in the answer involves like a
emotional response and that emotional
response I take that that hype that that
energy I get from it to ask another
question and it's and literally when you
have a good interview session it
literally it's you kind of get into a
role where you can ask one good question
out of another or in mind that you'd be
that great of a question but when you're
on the role and there's like the synergy
between interviewer and interviewee like
you are kind of you're on the same page
where you might not be asking a good
question but Bart understands where I'm
coming from or some sort of like context
that we're trying to get back and he
answers it perfectly and it's just you
get this very beautiful feeling of like
yes we're hitting it and I can see the
Edit now and I can see hopefully the
audience who watches it can feel what
I'm feeling right now in this room and I
think that's the best part about
filmmaking all right thanks for dr. Mary
it's like when you're driving up for a
layup and then you see that guy that's
pulling up and then he'd throw this
no-look pass and he knew what you're
trying to get at and it grabs and he
dunks in it and you guys run back to the
other side of the Kourtney guys
high-five
yeah and then you have to crowd the NBA
audience - it's like it's just that
synergy and that audience it's like it's
you can't you can't replace that feeling
it's it's like a it's like an immediate
it's an immediate success feeling that
like I don't know I can't any I think
that's the best I can explain it what I
just said I think explain her really
clearly yeah well by you Michael I know
most of the time were involved in very
business and that the things in JK and
rarely do you have time to get involved
in like the creative aspects do you
enjoy getting involved in the creative
aspects of JK and what are the most
rewarding parts of those I think you
know primarily I am probably more
interested in the creative aspects of JK
like all the other members probably as
well yeah and so these were
opportunities where I get to work with
KC or you know to work with other people
other people other members it's really
rewarding because I feel like it to do
something that I am you know I feel like
my passions in that field and also like
I get to work with KC and taking her to
learn from him like one thing that I
noticed about him is that sometimes he
may not have like the best question to
begin with but he's also really
adaptable so that he'll be able to kind
of write the path really quickly and
find the answer that he wants in life so
I think that's really cool like I like
how I get to do something that I am
interested in but also learn from the
people who do it as well that's really
cool and also you need to get a haircut
you've got one where did you get one for
the wedding
you already grew out of it I know back
to you back to your old ways Michael
long hair and a collar again there you
go you should get a lineup
I can say I don't even know what these
things are a faith faith is what me and
Casey have pretty much it's like it's
it's smoothly
yes smoothly and then a lineup is like
what a lot of I guess rappers or people
with black people or short short cropped
hair or even like Latinos don't get like
the forehead you know what the hairline
is not completely straight and then
they'll cut it in a straight line
Nadeem actually has a lineup every now
and then that's a lineup
so lineup refers to I guess the line
your hairline where separate your skin
in the hair so you should get one of
those yeah you want it straight okay so
you want to get one of those and then
you want to get a fading about in the
future then you might be asked more to
be included in the creative aspects of
JK well have you noticed everyone that's
involved in JK and the creative aspects
has a fade you gotta pay attention to
details what are you singing holy
guacamole you want your Bologna where'd
you get the Bologna from from me you
don't want my Bologna that's nasty whoa
you're good every time out Daniel it is
so fast
got the skills
whoa oh we got good balance
you didn't even fall that's good
does this make you nervous DIF to see ya
I don't know how it feels to be a dad
yeah cuz I feel like if I had like right
now right cuz I feel like if I was a dad
and I had a kid I saw him on that board
I probably like oh it's fucking cool but
then also I know but I can also see
myself like when I have a kid that I'm
like shut off I don't want to hurt
himself you know like you're like I can
see both and you hold them back in life
huh
it's most like my stupid fucking parents
holy guacamole
not the backflip oh yeah that's true
then if they snap their neck it's okay
damn Michael you saw a hooker in like
two minutes I do yes are we eating what
do you guys want to eat I'm starving
are you gonna get back on macros Jo my
character could be fat no I can't I
can't you know watch Oprah do of that
are you shoot threes what's up if you
will in turn you know but if you see a
grandma go full speed ahead I'm not a
grandma I'm a grandpa will use it
grandpa
I said grandma what do you guys want to
eat
does anybody want does anybody want
Honda yeah so we got Honda yard curry
house then we have Honda Aquarius our
papa rich our tasty garden out of those
choices I probably pick Honda our curry
house for me what about you guys I'm
della Perry Hilton if it's close cuz I
got a we gotta eat gonna come back here
get a little bit work kid if you live on
exercise and then we spa we spot tonight
I'm going to I'm going the Dean what
time we're gonna go well
why I asked you I texted you I freaking
texted you and I said you want to go to
we spot he said no I don't know you
always want to ditch me look at Julie
I'll never recognize her anymore
take off that hood no you're a traitor
you're a frickin traitor look at this oh
my goodness
chicken katsu with curry at curry house
with Bonet and another a and the Wiener
what did you get bit
it's actually really love medium-rare
can you feed me can you feed me and you
definitely are you sure you got ribeye
or he's got the Angus beef oh because I
don't think I ever saw ribeye on the
menu
good you know what's up because only
hers came oh no I was feel like if they
have two of the things I'm saying things
they should make it at the same time why
my table makes no sense it's like you
wait you serve that make another way but
there's a mistake in math - hey Jess
I've ever ate that potato croquette
before it's delicious introduce it to
this year what Bart what what I didn't
even say anything this nail polish is
really cool because it's actually a blue
but it looks green right now let's black
on camera what it's green but then under
light it's blue it's crazy it's colored
shit is that what you did today freakin
got your nails done on a work day yeah
person so is that what they pay for it -
go get your nails done no well actually
yeah they do
oh because I gotta look pretty for
camera that's true
that's so ugly it's so mean
I've never mean - you kidding me you
just call me no everyone hurt are we
going right now do these five
where's V Spa visa are we spies in gate
down what's we sparred get down
we spa is this Spa for men and women but
they section them off so all women go in
one section all the men go to another
section because you're completely naked
head to toe so I see a lot of today and
a lot of bush bush and a lot of vagina
and and within our area we have like
different hot tub temperatures so ones
like super hot or it's like 100
different get degrees in there and then
there's one that's warm which is like 60
degrees and then we have an ice-cold
bath and then within there we have like
a hot sauna
dry sauna and then a wet sauna and we
have do you think that the guys and
girls should be separated like let's say
if you ran your own spa would you have
the guys and girls separated well I
would have options I know some people
don't give a shit about the making in
front of the opposite sex so or there's
like couple rooms I think how I would
probably structure would be like all
guys all girls co-ed and then couples
there's one thing I feel like that I
don't like about we spa is that I can't
relax with you yeah I feel like I have
to just relax on my own a week or
separate ways and then we're inside
relaxing on our own and then later we
just meet up when we're done yeah would
you want it couples or would you want to
co-ed where other people can see to me
as a business I think probably call it
would be better just because if it's
like a couples isolation room
I can I can pro I can foresee a lot of
fucking going down in there
whereas if there's a co-ed then you can
have like a lot of fucking Peugeot's
well you could yeah but what are they
gonna do they're not gonna bust nuts all
over the place probably you know how
many of these on if you go to Yelp
there's a lot of these spas that they
recommend for
specifically not to go to because there
you'll see other men performing sexual
acts on other hand but co-ed is like I
would just have a lifeguard there like
I'll have a guy that's there to watch to
make sure nothing fishy goes down or a
girl or whatever I think to avoid
problems I think that's why they have
dying girls don't get it but I also feel
like the perv
there's no such thing as a perv oh I
think purple is in the eyes of the
victim because the only person that I
really the only people that I uh that I
find want to stay covered up all the
time our girls it's always girls good
I'm again like this looking at my skirt
oh my god like if a guy is walking down
the street and a girl looks up his
shorts he'd be like fuck yeah look at my
balls yeah cuz it never happened so
you're not you're not know what I'm
saying it's just guys have a much more
optimistic perspective on that they
don't they don't get they don't get it
used as a weapon against them what are
you talking what are you know that's the
same it's because the girls allow them
just themselves to oh it's because
fucking rape exists and guys physically
forced themselves on women so women have
that and they're like look I don't want
let me just avoid that at all costs and
cover up and remove myself from any
content potential rape situation what
girls can rape guys just as much
what do you toss out really dumb right
Oh girls can climb on top of a guy
everybody can rape them too easy baby
then why don't why don't girls but the
guys bastard what did I tell you about
the girl I was jacking off to me the
other day shut up
yeah so I was in the shower I think this
is one of the times I went by myself
and it was later on that night and no
one was around so I'm just in the weed
spot shower and then I'm just like
taking a bath putting on shampoo and I
turn around and there's this fat guy
that's installed right behind me and
then I see him with a fucking raging
boner while he's humping it in one hand
the other hand he has a razor and
shaving it's pubes well wait is he
shaving or is he tracking well
regardless you shouldn't have a fucking
boner in an all guy section of the we
spa well maybe it's his fetish too
fucking
see his pubes come off his balls and see
it on the reason so there's a a I
thought either he was stretching out his
fucking dick so he can get inside there
and cut more clothes so that he can
stretch out all the follicles or be you
jacking off to me but regardless of what
it was I was like I'm getting the hell
out of there you need to get this shot
because this is a rare shot of Ellen oh
yeah look at that after the rain look at
this fucking b-roll goddamn I'm a
filmmaker Nadeem take notes you see this
fucking steady ass shot with the shaky
ass road that's that's me Bart Spielberg
right here look at that damn I even
tilted the camera just so it looks bug
you more insane if you there's no deep
you see this in st. John I'm tilting it
right now just so it seems so crazy
don't you guys think it's crazy look at
all those oncoming lights from the
traffic now I'm tilting it this way I'm
pretty sure takes a lot even see clouds
out man with this cameras cameras focus
yeah
pretty said your your whatever you see
on your viewfinder is a lot better than
what I'm seeing in real life buzzes yeah
look at this
I seen the deme I could even see the
dream of this dark ass car
I love you MA
damn look at these shots of downtown LA
whoa whoa whoa Danis is fucking Oh God I
can't even talk it's beautiful thought
I'd share the beautiful LA with you guys
will Shire damn you know what looks like
this at night New York Australia
Australia it's so clear
are you looking at this today and why
are you looking at these shots
i watch damn they're so stupid look at
the shots it looks better on camera
there's a real life look at that shit
fuck Steven Spielberg I sure not me this
is a good camera work babe no it's my
settings I said it the way Steven Cobert
does not set his own settings he's a
fucking the wreck they're not a fucking
oh she got she worked I know he is
ah come on see you wanted you wanted to
touch your crotch Latin lovers this is
rape
