that's a big squirrel guy he's so cute
come here is ITAT our house he actually
started right here on this part of the
tree really some climb up
yeah I heard his claws I think that's
what startled me and then I looked and
then I saw something move and it was
that guy what did you think it was that
first what do I use just in um I don't
know what it was I didn't recognize a
sound I just like after I saw her I'm
like oh they're claws
hey squirrel hey screwed
hey squirrel I have the shakiest hands
in Hollywood Lucy if I talk then this
happens
hey hey Quebec he's giving us his but I
wish I knew what he felt like hey those
are really soft
you felt one I pet one when I was going
to use the LA I saw one like you see
this little Y shape on this tree I hear
ya
there was one when his tail was down and
is facing that way I was walking across
and I was like no way so I walked up to
like this and then I went big Luke I
touched them and they ran off but it was
really soft oh lucky I want to pet you
buddy
okay I think we're gonna go eat you want
to climb the tree and I'll record you
petting him look at him look look look
come down there oh look what the fine
what is knows best what is well what is
he doing Beauty what is he doing to see
them from my angle he looked at me he
looked right at me oh my good I'm not
stupid
stop it stop you're so cute
is it poopy go oh my God look at his
tail cut it out yeah cut it all
motherfucker he's so cute Oh cut the
shit I know I just can't handle it
motherfucking cute shit out bitch my
heart piece of shit fucked up mother oh
fuck
alright I'm just about starting my day
it's noon the BART over here was a stud
muffin and went to the gym and what did
you do today at the gym that you're so
proud of yourself I'm proud of you too
by the way
promise I'm fucking proud of you what
are you talking about fine it's all like
my shoulders I've always been a weak
point in both of my my body has a
physique and also its strength and I've
been really trying to focus on my
shoulders this training cycle and I was
able to hit 185 for five sets of three
today and that's a huge falling PR for
me cuz I really want to get my shoulders
up where I can like overhead press 275
and I think holy crap I'm getting pretty
close what do you weigh with your one
rep max right now probably like 225 holy
crap
for this little bit those of you guys
that who don't know much about like
plate weights on one it's in pounds but
then to 225 means those two big 45 round
plates that you see so you can do four
of those two on each side so put the
just trying to put that in perspective
continue
so yeah so my shoulders I want to get a
bigger just so it looks better too
because because I'm a power lifter I
trade more positive in style I focus so
much on benching that my chest is really
big but now I feel like it imbalance
because I just had like this barrel
chest but my shoulders you know don't
really match so in terms of like
aesthetics wise I want to make my
shoulders bigger but also I want to get
my shoulder strings strong too and the
shoulder strength is actually a lot more
practical and functional and real life
like when are you ever gonna be laying
on their back I needed to exert with all
the force you need you know so that's
one of the I guess one of them maybe if
like your girlfriend's trying to give
you sex in you want sex you gotta push
her off or if you're trying to like
change your car's oil and you're trying
to lay underneath the car but that's one
of the biggest critiques of piloting is
that the other two lifts are so
functional squat and deadlift but the
bench press is like that's a weird lift
to even need a test but overhead press
is a huge functional one because you're
always standing when you're lifting
something above your head I thought
before they used to have overhead press
in powerlifting they did they took it
out I don't know they actually had
overhead press and weightlifting oh they
took it out because it's too hard to
judge because people like you know they
will keep their leaves a little bit
flexed and start throwing the legs into
it so it's hard to see like it's hard to
catch it what's a strict press and
what's a thruster got it so dusters when
you're like doing an overhead press pen
with your with your knees but today I
had strict form and I was able to lock
my knees out so this is like a really
good started to me turning my weakness
into a strength and I'm really really
happy about I'm super proud of you
yeah and I was able to keep up with Mike
who works at barber get raises strongman
so he's really used to you know pressing
heavy ass things above his head
and because I was able to keep up with
them and he's a very strong strong man
at that I was pretty happy look at these
cute trick-or-treaters she has my pants
I have those USA pants you do you look
you have those USA pants look at them
they're so cute
look at them yep oh my god I cannot wait
to have kids I swear to God I am going
to fucking dress them up quick like in
adults if that they don't even know what
it means
like um there's some kids that are
dressed like like narcos show like at
that show narcos pablo escobar oh boy
he's a Colombian drug lord yeah and
that's oh my freaking kids Captain
America right they Bailey's gonna walk
that's what I'm gonna do
dress them up in adult clothes um until
they realize what they want to be what
that card until they realize what they
want to be themselves and start begging
for a costume then I'm gonna I'm gonna
dress them up so Pablo Escobar is one
that's really good what would you dress
him up as adult stuff but they don't
know yet cuz you know when they when
they know that they want something then
they beg and they they want that and
they won't didn't want to wear anything
else I'd be down for Scarface oh that's
a good moment they get to wear like a
suit and then have it all open like yeah
yeah a little bit of white powder on
their nose oh I don't know about that my
pattern that'd be pretty fucking cute to
be honest fine that is pretty it is a
fucking mess right now this random cars
just popping out left and right and
there's no space for people to go well I
don't even even driven apart brick isn't
shy - I'm trying to
Oh fucking parking in China I know they
got this stuff but in China it makes
sense
Danny's full of talking like a median
maniac maniac oh that's one of my
favorite things about like our crew
especially on JK news yeah someone
thinks of a song or a tune and then
everyone immediately jumps on it that's
awesome
oh no me neither
boza holy crap we'll get all those
costume kids over there
every single power
what do you mean okay that kid I just
walked in he look every single time
Huck here watch this get out here this
kid right here just walked in is every
single pie
Oh cute
talking about look at this one Silence
of the Lambs that's just inappropriate
but I like it I like that biker like a
biker baby yeah
look at this one who's that that guy Moe
head the value there oh yeah doctor body
hunter I'll hold this baby look at his
face while he played into the character
you didn't like it
he's broke peanut baby
it all grandma baby
we wanted every mom stupid boy could
have a cow
burrito look at the burrito baby that is
so cute
oh my god that's so create a pendant
gonna stupid-ass be right there
hey she's getting scratched kid what's
going on over here
how did you fall asleep I was young
hurry County what kind of math problems
I come here Batman socks on they were
actually for unit to them what do you
think brig II oh I smell something funny
in there huh she's scratching it sure is
she was just playing it off just knock
the fan over
oh yeah stay out here doesn't seem like
I am let me ask you I guess there cuz
I'm gonna go in the room that means you
want me to go on the room - nah swear
I'm just asking just there here the Dean
says he wants to go now - you gotta comb
the room we're probably watching Toy
Story or something
under phone with I six pillows around
you oh okay how do you do work with like
four pillows you're like the most
luxurious Aladdin I've ever met but this
is how I get work done
alright thanks for the video I have half
an hour break alright so this is
technically I'm still my job
technically you're just trying to look
cute all day I'll tag time from what I'm
workout I'm just tired cuz I ate a lot
of food and out of food coma wanna go
sleep in the house ooh
good I got steak and then I got hash
browns two eggs and french toast kind of
go ham gotta get that bulk life so I
know my stomach's on fire now this is my
view from my chest that is not my chest
that's my stomach stomach huh hmm so
before I was able to see my dick like
that but now it's oh what the heck is
that
how do you always have random candy
ready to be eaten
nothing bought it for me oh it didn't
Hey
how do you always have candy nights your
bed you're not scared you're gonna have
all your teeth brought out I am very
fond I think about it what do you mean
you need your teeth I mean do really
kidding me what what the hell are those
bruises guys remember wrestling that
takes such a it's a huge bump good yeah
I think you've rammed me against them I
didn't shave my legs I mean I do
remember ramming you but not down there
you always get random bruises all over
your legs and since you're so tall you
have a ton of surface area you're so
rough I don't do anything you just do I
haven't even seen it for like three
weeks and you just be like look at my
legs and it's all kinds of freaking
freaking little potato marks I didn't
tuck me in or what uh-uh you tuck me in
CUNY Oh bikini what yawning it's tired
up big 1/2 hour nap good try for the
background noise we have this in our
room as our a/c
is hot in here cuz it's hot in the house
is super old so there's no central a/c
but guess we just woke up from a nap and
we do use two separate blankets cuz his
is very thin as you can see here it's
not thick at all and then mine has like
what do you call this camel fur nut
sheep fur is it look like a sheep no
okay so we for my finesse camel fur and
brown fur munched extra thick so he'll
die with mine because he'll get too hot
and I'll die with his cousin I'll freeze
to death like this is too hot sometimes
but fluffy
but oh my goodness with my hair I just
woke up from a nap anyway but I recently
discovered on a JK news segment that
Bart has never once in his life watched
Toy Story like he's never watched it has
a hundred percent on Rotten Tomatoes and
you should I just saw no no and he's be
the only movie I 100%
yeah it's rare and you've never seen it
though
it's gotta be crazy yeah yeah when I
heard that I was like who did I just
marry I don't know anything about you
like I wasn't allowed to watch TV around
kids I there's a only a few movies
though that was not able to watch I
guess I didn't mean that in a mean way
like it's your fault like you hated it
it's just it was a huge surprise I feel
like everyone that's my age at least
grew up watching Toy Story yes this
movie came out in 1995 and I feel like
everyone our age at least watched it
yeah 10 years ago right so yeah that's
the only reason why I reacted the way I
did and um I thought you also were a
huge fan of Disney but not not it is not
as much as I am and the fact that your
mom didn't let you watch TV I get it I
get it
so thank God for modern technology cuz
we are about to watch it I just have to
rent it it's 399 of rent
so we're about to do the damn thing are
you excited yeah wait up I have to zoom
out zooming out zooming out zooming out
yeah okay are you excited yeah do you
know what this movies about at all it's
about twice in our room
yeah toys come to life toys come to life
yeah you ready yeah oh my god I'm so
excited to watch it with you huh guys
what are you doing looking for movie for
chefs
looking for pieces for what well
Halloween costume and where are we right
now in the prop room hell yeah
free props free costume problem came in
like the true homey what do you want to
dress up as Nance oh we have a lot of
shit I want to be a dog boy might be too
hot it gets a little bit hot but it
looks cute as fuck and you can sniff hot
girls asses oh you're the dog yeah maybe
like want a bone or just start boning
them that's what dogs do what do they
call cock uh then then you take off the
costume
what's that barb oh there's no such
thing as sexual Harris tomorrow
Harris mint toy all right so I'm gonna
do it last minute um I'm gonna do
last-minute costume inspired by my good
good good friend Gina she posted a
picture on IG and I was like Vulcan
genius and I know we had it at a JK so
I'm gonna put it together now
done this before it turns out wish me
luck all right guys all done what do you
think here's my vato coming through
right now shit what oh shit I'm about to
fucking beat that vato ass up in a
sexual way you know I'm saying I can't
do the accent for shit but I got the eye
brows the eyeliner the brown the brown
lip liner shit what Weslaco ridiculous
me opposed you fucking sexy ass bottle
damn fools you're Hina oh you want it
shit fuck yeah I'm fucking your puta for
life suck my dick bitch fuck ya right
now or later
oh shit what are you supposed to be chef
curry with the pot what are you wearing
to Jersey shit
there you go drop 53-foot whatever your
basketball oh sorry he would drop a 53
points today
Halloween night oh shit everybody want
to get in love okay
I can't look so what are you what are
you um you can eat it right now oh you
didn't you went through you're gonna
love it
mmm all right so I'm walking in barbel
we have our potluck today and I want to
see what it all looks like sorry I'm so
shaky I know I need the game bolt back I
suck
oh shit
wait for me there we go it sounds scary
who's that who are these people
I hear Sarah oh my god is it what is he
was so cool why are you getting off this
is hilarious Sarah member do a moustache
- yeah haha we're gay yah yah this is
funny
what are you supposed to be able ok I
see it is I don't like that Oh Eileen is
waiting you're gonna take it eg you can
do with it use on all right everyone
that's here then for the oldest fun
whoever is wearing a costume has
automatically put into it alright look
alike yeah I'll watch your mustache
you're rubbing it off no don't rub it
off why not just some of it bacon what
the hell why is breaded in that hey
who's that guy
hey judging know your announcing you're
the lumberjack okay way more muscles
yeah do that I feel like those are all
like his normal clothes oh yeah this is
my office come on why do you have a
short - what do I have no show me if I
can throw that off we wait for we really
like it was saving it all year fucking
hell boo party guys down I'm gonna show
off well guys I just want to say thank
you for coming and dressing up whoo and
uh we pick three winners that we thought
dressed pretty nicely that's all mine
yeah baby that's creepy you killed it
cuz it's creepy I know there's like it's
a legit Halloween costume yeah they come
up grassy yeah yeah we want to see it
stand up I don't want to see that okay
sweetest boy all right his butts all
saggy like a diaper yeah and you gotta
change your diaper library thanks Bush
pasilla go to Raider you have to go over
there oh yeah the shot the cost she's
insane chilling back yeah handy kill you
till your head oh that's creepy dude
crazy
we have a we have the the Westerners
know that called Oh howdy
I mean like how to fool how'd it fool
you were Tommy what about you were
wearing white and what from Isaac oh
sorry you're eating
and that cowboy hat was actually Isaac
woody hat from his woody costume cuting
you knew where it was you're so
resourceful and organized actually I
think we always keep it in his really
always plays with it it's like Oh like
yo mom resourceful all right now we're
trying to figure out what trills cost of
it this is costume from head to toe yeah
kind of
all right that Stroh's costume Tiffany
you just guessed he's what there's two I
guess he was Cesar Millan because she
mentioned though the boss of dog treats
I like Cesar Millan or
oh thanks that was pre breather the box
oh yeah hi what is he
oh yes he gets it ready Tim Tim you
gotta wear yeah guess who I am
hello yes I guess
with the boss with the pot there you go
doesn't it look like Jess from Toy Story
I keep saying she looks like right
Jessie right she's so cute the head told
Isaac I'm like oh I'm gonna be Jesse
he's like little mom
Jesse only has one braid you have to
like the body
don't be offending it like that yeah
you're not Jesse mom you're just another
cowgirl but did he do one of these
really think he's like is it order to
talk about that new did I yeah but it
will be out we goes like this
beyond the deep like that no awesome I
condemn very good discovery I realize
you did but I'm sorry you're close I
just found it I didn't know I had even
like them wait why is there so much
black in here I mean what happened we
got too excited I had the best costume
did you K your beard like that on
purpose yeah oh that's really good
notice that not sweep it along notice
the button to pick up you busted a BART
where you find the the weird object
telephony my flaws and I'm sorry for
putting it on laughs a mere five yeah
yeah we try me okay so done well what
else would happen that you're not okay
with they're not laughing at all got it
I got it
that's why I loved her oh he's so
positive what a good guy what a good guy
and.and to mater is his girlfriend so
good guy good girl they're amazing carry
the team yeah she does she does a lot
for the team
Thanks you said it I'm what yeah yeah
bingo I fuck that she doesn't know what
you know the night that we watch the
scary movie just Michio the game
it was really scared you watch the video
reactions yeah look cuz we recorded it
with a GoPro so we put it off alright
well so we took the screen cap one of
our fans did one or faster as there's
something really scary and the photo
itself like that we didn't even see a
video it's like a jump at you while I
mean fuck it is ours we mean oh that's
scary for me yeah did you see my jeans
oh good I was like hey that's not fun I
know sounds like oh oh oh I walked in
the loo yes yes I slipped out focus when
you have two guys see it in the picture
if you see you read in the comments
below
that shit's creepy but I think that
presidents once you look at it though
like the dead presidents costume gets up
yeah that was a good table there's
something worse once you fucking budget
freaked out sales Sarah Texas and
Iranian but I'll follow you right now oh
yeah what was it she was scary
what is it ever hosted why do you shall
have it yeah yeah that's Rory what Jules
even though they're the same nail cutter
you gotta read it hey I don't want to
read it they're puffing I don't like it
no they were just you know what utensil
I'm gonna cut it oughta do urea a couple
months ago a couple of my friends cousin
a single mother had gotten an e cell
phone after a long day of work she
placed her phone down on the counter
instead of watching TV when her son came
to her and asked if he could play with
her new phone he told him to knock on
any one earth exercise when he agreed to
do so right around
yeah when she was very loud she decided
to tuck her sunny and go to bed herself
she proceeded to his room he wasn't
there she went to her room to find him
sleeping on her bed with the phone
browsing through her phone she noticed
only minor changes such as a new
background banner etc and headache boy I
know the picture section she began
leading the pictures when she came
across the river uh when she first saw
she wouldn't believe it was her son
sleeping on her bed but it was as I do
the picture was taken by someone else
above him it shows the left half but
what seems to be an elderly woman's face
I feel I don't believe it it was real
what everyone calm I think I was like
really like yeah that's like the team
one there was like there's something
there's some pretty bad ones I mean this
is because you guys already prepped me
for but if I would have read it and I
saw myself I'd do the call lead thanks
to me he's like fucking beat you well I
statistically post them like alright
let's go over one so I was like you're
fucked up people like me can't sleep
after those I'm like damn it read it cuz
I'm a loser
what the fuck I really like that as I
scroll up cuz I like like some bleep and
like I got a border lies oh and I read
Isis killing us too likes to eat it
that's how I kind of keep my place so
then I was reading the whole story and
then I scroll up to see the photo
your photos from bar doesn't care
Bart's not impressed Bart's done
Bart has had enough Bart's not impressed
which one now in yeah I saw it too but I
didn't even think of anything I just
thought it was a screenshot of people
then little bastards that was good you
guys got US Army US us going to your
side what are you gonna show him so
there's like this Instagram page that I
like to see that I look at sometimes it
almost like creepy like stories and shit
like that you need a hug I just like
tagging the D because if Brixham hug she
walks very my your genius your genius I
take it back I spoke too soon like
always so I should easily posted late
cuz I know he's gonna check it and he's
gonna freak out doesn't even want to
hold it right let me get that
what is that what is that what is that
what is that hi so it's like so the
theory was it was just someone they like
Photoshop or whatever and then you know
how you can track an IP address to see
like where it comes from so this will
pop up a dreads but they couldn't track
the IP address to see who actually post
so it was just the gym EULA just come up
if you can chase it that's pretty creepy
you see this family where people go to
bed
what's go to bed what is that just like
kind of bloodied up or whatever no I
don't want to watch Kate movies anymore
hey get away from me
I'm not this is a costume oh not bad as
everyone knows how their girl come on no
I'm not so he put it screams all there
hello don't you want to see him scared I
feel right when he scares me
hey can we watch we're gonna make yeah
yeah come over to I got my cell phone
right changers hmm Tyler right so with
Liv Tyler oh yeah yeah yeah there's no
cabin yeah because all right he's gonna
freak out that he would okay let's just
wanna know our paranormal activity no
I've never seen anyone it's appropriate
it's a comedy ladies he's single
okay wait and he could cook ladies he's
single any good cook and I could drop 53
points on Halloween night
dang he'll drop eNOS he'll drop it in
your drawers lady you're shooting like I
don't know like how you completely
ignore all my attempts to get you hooked
up you're still ignoring all my attempts
all right here's up that Steph Curry
drop 53:53 I will drop from the line at
on Instagram new Mathers fans you Troy
with two eyes at the end
you could be picky it's okay Brandon and
you're making a Harper Nelly go to
follow up with you mad at the Delaware V
and hoping you'll be arrows over the
bandwagon there's plenty of space
wow what a bold statement from a bold
man lady this lady's that sexy that sexy
ladies hook it up
Luciola makeup is gone tip came over for
the Hunger Games going already
where's where's he going oh no I'm gonna
go cry that's what he said
okay he's gonna go cry cuz we're gonna
we're gonna watch another scary movie
another one Oh like like Boop cuz we
have another video we're gonna watch
this one in celebration of Bart and I
being cholos tonight for watching
fuckin big ass baby Nadine get this guy
is it this one
the marked ones yeah what the hell is
this
so one about crazy the trailer ahh we
have to buy it
fifteen dollars oh it's paranormal
activity yeah
so we're suffering believing that
kilchers our enemy an idea just go check
out there is blood everywhere
crazy streams
check it out listen this will never buy
you for something
everything is we're feeling that and
victim fly sees is watching
okay shit remember Jessie super visible
I feel like I'm losing you
yeah what the fuck so because a scuzzy
wondermark
baby for the Corinthos so what's going
to happen to you you won't be Jesse what
the fuck
baby down oh no I hear you down down is
the first one the best one or though
which was the best I feel like I already
watched it you haven't seen the first
one you have it oh we gotta watch your
first one then piratey I already saw it
guys let's watch comedy versus birth
away
how do you go back what scary movies
down in the scale of comedy let's watch
the trailer for the first one I don't
know watch the first dude when I watched
the first one I was shaking in the fetus
cuz I thought I was looking at at the
real footage like a real life and I'm
like oh fuck you I didn't really have
but I heard the first was really good
though eighty-three percent on Rotten
Tomatoes right it's really good I
watched all retired look at verses okay
an audience what freaked the fuck out
now I have the white son at the Roxbury
oh yeah
Oh
Hey
