a lot of you guys always ask me how do I
get my hair done or what do I tell my
barber to get this haircut well I just
went to the barber box that's by the
camera - oh let me know in the comments
below if you want me to bring the camera
and vlog the actual haircut so you can
see for your own eyes and hands on how
the haircut is done but me and my barber
Ben have a really good relationship and
I don't have to tell them anything
anymore like he already knows what I
want I pretty much with the same shit
every single time because for me what I
want to get out of the haircut is a I
want something that is stylish of some
sort where I can wear a suit but also if
I don't gel it I also want it to be
short enough where it's not all up in my
hair so if you look at the old videos or
old JK videos where I had a comb-over it
started to get really long and got only
down to here and that doesn't really
suit my lifestyle because there are
times out there rushed out of the house
where there's time like don't have a hat
and I just want to be presentable and
kind of clean-cut regardless of what the
situation is so I reverted back to my
old haircut which is this and I didn't
gel it just so I can show you guys what
it really looks like so I have a zero lo
fate if you want to get the same haircut
this is how you tell your barber and
zero it just means it's a very close to
the skin and low fading is the Fate
starts at the bottom rather to the top
so if you want a high fade you'll go all
the way up here and that's like the
old-school Macklemore look where it goes
but he actually has a undercut but
anyways it's up high feet pretty much
means it's zero going all the way up to
here low face starts here and then it
starts fading lower so up when it's high
like you see more scalp when it's low
it's less got but more of a fade then I
have them taper taper off from here to
here because I do have a comb over but
my comb over it doesn't have a line so
there's no split so I told them hey I
want a comb over but I don't want to
have
and they'll taper it off so that they'll
eventually go into the same length as
the rest of the hair and that way when I
gel it it just looks like it goes
straight from a faith into the direct
comb-over and then on the back that's
the same thing it's just a little fade
and it goes to the back and then it that
way with this type of haircut if I get
out of the water at the beach or if I
don't swim it in the lake I can come out
and boom it's ready to go and it's not a
bunch of hair in my face of like a bear
tries to start shit with me I'm ready to
fight out there's nothing covering my
eyes so this is pretty much how I get it
and I just kind of get my hair maybe
like about three or four inches and
every time I get a haircut I some trim a
little bit and I do have this part of
that hair a little bit longer just so if
I do combing over its sticks better
because my hair's kind of thick
depending on how thin your guys's hair
is you might not even need this length
like some guys I know with my hair like
this short because it's then they can
slick it back up wait for me I need a
little bit longer as my hair is really
thick and I have the front just a little
bit longer than the rest where the bangs
are so that's pretty much the breakdown
of my hair like I said if you want to
know and you want to see the exact
process go down let me know in the
comments below and I will vlog the
actual haircut
Vince while it's going down while I'm
getting a haircut
Vince while it's going down while I'm
getting them a haircut happens Wow I'll
be in the hairpin huh my back what are
you up to supervising a shoot oh you are
we'll shoot so we have another series
coming up on jkf yeah surprise I'm gonna
reveal too much but I came up with the
concept so I don't want to I feel it's
not efficient for me to be at every
single shoot yeah I have so many shoots
have to worry about yeah that and I have
my my protege Julia long train
so put the shade so I stay in the first
few I sit in the first few shoots wait
so she gets the concept down once I'm
confident that she can execute it the
night the shoots keep going everyone
with myself I keep coming up with other
things so that's kind of the process
right now are you kind of behind
schedule that's all you're in a rush ah
were you guys shooting at Joe's house oh
are you excited about tomorrow
ah I'm going to dog park tomorrow yeah
there's tons of people bringing their
dogs yeah that's always very nice very
killing me
no that's Sunday oh well the meat starts
tomorrow but I'm going on Sunday for the
big guys because no one ever supports
the big guys yeah sorry okay I'm just
gonna father around like a annoying
person cuz my days a little bit more
chill and I just love spending every
single waking moment with you what so I
want to maximize as much time with my
mama bear as I see what do you mean him
trying to be very very cute with you I
don't have any motors my mother's
normally eat it for me No do you want to
hit no no I'm fucking starting to be
honest okay bye
fanny what am I gonna see you babe at
our six o'clock meeting
yeah I've been home all day okay
it's fun going with you to go film by
what are you up to I just drink a
protein shake and
fake Oh Mary any lunch way afterward a
food
what are you order Indian food maybe why
maybe I'm hungry
Gio bought me food but I'm fucking
starving so I could immediately eat that
and I can eat more what do you want to
eat I love me neither I was like fire
sounds pretty bomb but nothing um what
time are we gonna be spot probably after
a meeting or means uh six to nine oh
it's actually ways faster now our
meetings are like just update so we're
probably done by 8:00 yeah but I'm going
to for a communion hour to uh my
hovercars art art gallery who the fuck
is that art exhibit remembers oh yeah I
know yeah Dharma might have map record
record yeah you got it yeah you say I
did I know yeah I want to go show show
support you didn't ask me to come a lot
what time are you gonna go maybe right
after the meeting all the guys are going
okay so right off the meet guys gonna go
would you be down to go or do your time
i'ma look like an hour to show my
support what a once maybe out to sea and
after that I can meet you guys that we
spar something all right what are you in
here right now that in order food or
you're gonna eat at place you have to
make it order food with also you want to
maximize your time and be productive for
once so that that way if there or if you
order food oh yeah he's got a pic
there's I have a minimum order quantity
or like 15 bucks the decisions decisions
I'm already starving 30 bucks minimum
what why they have to what the hell you
can't order something is 15 bucks well
we don't make money then oh so you want
to eat out then it's gonna be cheaper
than to order are you yeah I'm fucking
hungry supersonics like just decide to
eat where do you eat if you rush go get
free then come back yeah what do you
want boy yeah go Savoy that's dick they
go like this
mmm yeah Oh show them this cuz everyone
thinks I love Nadine I looked at you
everybody thinks the fuck Nadine was a
bad thing if it isn't away but not
really well I mean I meant it for my
heart thank you so that's pretty much
fucking Nadine like when I said it I was
like fucking Dame I hope his life is
horrible and I hope one day like a
seagull come to just takes a dump on his
face and that's what I really met but
people are taking it and thinking of it
as like I'm messing around I'm not well
you see so if you show them my rooms
right there and your rooms right here so
what does that mean so I could fuck with
you a lot like if I want to like come in
the room and like beat you up or
something it's not that far I don't
think you beat me up dude how come well
look look at your face what's going on
did they find someone Oh TIFF brought
her dog Isaac I like your haircut
it's nice you cut it you look like a pop
star now you see your haircut mine's not
as close his mind's basic yes no - mines
called basic bitches I am are you
beating I know
come on Lou yeah he says he likes toefl
he wants to hear
when is the last time they peed though
what is the last time they peed who the
dogs I just can you let him in no Judith
did she come home before me okay so they
probably let him out and like when you
go eating them okay all right cool let's
go you ain't out then you know it's a
boy you hungry
hi you guys hungry then you go okay
oh yeah and the Dean you got to get your
fucking clothes out is that your closing
the dryer damn you're freaking messy
heinous
yeah
hey Isaac let's say in the future you're
like six three two fifty
like you're gonna have your 6 feet tall
three inches are you gonna beat my ass
you're not gonna be nice to me even
though I beat you up like every day
they're not gonna beat me up when I'm
old and you're way better than me
you are gonna beat me up but I do be of
I beat you up like every day last plane
are you gonna play with me when you're
bigger so when I'm a grandpa are you
gonna like throw me in the air you know
bodyslam me when I'm a grandpa you
should body slam me into the concrete
and play
have you ever thought what Isaac would
look like if he was 65 you never know
cuz David told me his parents are short
and his older brother John is short and
David is humongous
David moved to South Pasadena the David
ever tell you about the wizard others
next door no baby that's white meat pork
for any pork yeah let me call it chicken
well that's Spanish Hina and chicken
chicken is Spanish what is like my
Mahina
I know
you can't ask someone for help for a
joke it doesn't work that way
do you go to school for you know you
basically got help to do that
no it's true right I didn't go to school
no I was just full to be a badass would
you kill right yeah whoo this is ox tail
you got try it stu-dog though it's
really soft
yeah soft beef tell me how you like it
you even know how to use a fork or you
only not use chopsticks
they only have it on Fridays here mr.
special are you back on your macros tip
do you like Savoy because of macros or
just because of flavor
Oh which one's your favorite the chilli
or the ginger geo puts ketchup on her
Shakey's Pizza Mexicans like ketchup on
pizza no that is fun no weird whenever
there's a lot of people in the house
Fon gets really scared and she tries to
hide it and this is her favorite hiding
spot
well I've fun
Joey's hide underneath this bookshelf
and when she gets really really really
scared she hides all the way in here so
right now she's not that scared she's
just chilling but she's very cautious
and very watchful of what's going on
just in case people want to come and
kill her that's what she thinks is gonna
happen fun is someone gonna kill you no
fun funny someone gonna kill you
eight years on TV hello
hey everyone always confuses Lou and the
Dean do they look that similar oh man I
was like twins right there or not
Oh Lou you got so but finally then where
this chest come from a this isn't Lou
yeah we measured it yesterday we
measured it yesterday but all fat though
this is my leg seventeen and a half yeah
but I can't bench for shit
hey where's the tape let me bring it out
it's like 15 loose your arm oh Christ
the lighting is terrible right now oh
it's not to be as high as 15 yeah yeah
yeah
what did you want it to be 1880s fucking
big dude that's bigger than yours
it was waving my arms 17 Morrow huh my
arms oh yeah they just got do more body
Billy mr. frequency if you do a
twice or you should do arms twice or
three times or you gotta send me your
accessories and I'll tell you what
accessories do three times this week at
different rep ranges what are the rep
ranges you crawl that III might as well
open a new bike sign into
oh you still 5x5 in the middle of it
merged a 502 a 5 rep range 1 and she's a
12 rep range 1 and then the other one it
could be whatever you want and all the
exercise should be different to
stimulate 17-inch short cuts
yeah it should maximize maximize the
stimulation of her arms be Choi bleach
oi believe in yourself trolls like does
that even mean he started that just the
bleep where did he get bleep from keeps
winking at me
you could fit a medium no way but what
if you're sweaty though that's it I put
one together we're good anyways good you
just tell me cuz sometimes it's hard for
me to put on a medium but because maybe
I'm extra sweaty well my legs are always
smaller than yours this song a lot
easier than this video
SPD shots fired huh
I didn't even call the fucking the beams
down Devin physique day I was way bigger
for sure what were you gonna say
tomorrow see you week but he just told
your third attempt as his opener who's
your daughter hey Brittany you ready for
some flamin hot cheetos oh you know the
gust thought she came to it she came to
it here one for you and one for me oh
man she loves that shit down mucho
Caliente once a more here you go
since you're asking for it yeah one for
you one for me
damn she's a fucking munchies queen fun
want to come here si
oh gentle just drop it not that man come
on she eat it he's wondering why it's so
fucking delicious yeah bring you love
these things holy shit I'm gonna buy an
extra bag just for you here fine
oh I like to do now that's fucking cool
Oh top-secret stuff can't show you guys
but we have in what are we having right
now so we're having our weekly barbell
Brigade meeting and it looks like we're
all watching a movie oh we should watch
that scary movie on Saturday who's down
and watch this great movie yeah after
that after the dinner we're all gonna
watch a movie Danny are we sponsored by
Apple or what so yeah we're having a
weekly barbell Brigade meeting right now
and Aaron's about to give us a
presentation this is how official we are
we have a big-ass screen with the new
apparel hooked up to Aaron's computer
but we're still in the living room but
we get shit done because that's the way
uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh
that's the way
like it little can you give Charo kiss
come on see you wanted to touch your
crotch that and lovers this is rape
that's how big Nadine's arms are
probably like at least 12 at least are
you fucking are you flexing or not I
can't even tell ya you have to get on
the bigger our beat the peak yeah let's
see 16 and a half down the deme 16 and a
half let's see what Sarah died Sarah Oh
tell me that peak dollar so Dan you got
a big peak
come on subtract them I was gonna turn a
little bit look bigger yellow big ass P
right yeah come on baby let me see
I've been training hard for this what is
that 14 and three quarters 14 and
three-quarters are you for real that's a
ghost is high school Dan Harvey Troy
that's pretty that's pretty cool bro
that's pretty cute
how big are you happily cetys probably
20s yeah nice big Italian at least 2000
you try this is flex this is C cheese on
ready I wanted to be cut though down
pretty close yeah let me see your arm B
Choi let me see the guns
BAM three quarters how much 12 min throw
platform 9 and 3/4 almost 13
oh damn oh shit Big Joe sure what big
job yeah
what does he have either way what does
he have a fucking classic wrong ready
yeah gonna stretch that shit 17 1/2
strong Todd you gotta come here they
count in pesos or what come on like as
hard as you can oh maybe bigger than 16
down low 16 Tony let's go Tony let's go
Tony touch
next well you want me to flex that's how
you measure the same got the same yes
the other day not still going butter in
the face Oh big old bills freaking
triceps are you got to see player on
freakin are
fifteen yeah being everyone's ass cone
mold of black shaking keep stay with the
fried shakin Kip stay with a fry by
courage again with the same ride
we've still witness beam right special
assorted flowers i grill meatballs skin
and make me glow we're broke your eye
real big mouth shut box kept getting
tender take bit low with no gear I
grabbed meatball should of oxygen in the
egg minnow champagne and we're poor or
be with spoken by fry rip and marinate a
shame but let's play what else did I
have here they have should have skin and
a bit long with the bulk and bride
should box getting in the egg bit no
with the bulk and by being skinned the
shrimp a and I'm looking I'm looking
through the menu damn how the hell am I
supposed to know I'm going to eat if I
look at the menu
you know the same section as me look
he's looking at soups I'm looking at the
right since we're at a Vietnamese
restaurant I ordered one of my favorite
Vietnamese drinks in the world it's
called Soto Chun and what this bad boy
is I would like to say that it's pretty
much like real-life sprite so they got
lemon concentrate
club soda sugar and there's a lime in
there and it tastes delicious and Gio
likes it too how does it taste
do you like fried meatball the basket
and apart
somebody came and I ended up getting the
grill Mik Mahal no not the grub me
bought the girl fuck chop and broken by
and a fried egg and the bit amazed
kimchi and she so smelly
what's your advice to all the people
that are trying trying to learn how to
use chopsticks out there in the real
world
okay loud and clear
well done that's puppy number one I will
puppy number two and then you're free to
go you're free to go now run run free
lines
