thank God I'm finally on time especially
for JK Park not especially but only for
JK parties so I'm always on time for
every single other meeting but Gio
doesn't believe me because every time on
JK party
when I'm coming alone I'm always late
but when I'm with her I always feel like
she pulls me back and I'm late for JK
news I'm running late or whatever and
I'm always like rushing are you gonna
stop watching me I'm like well you're
always making me late she looks young
I'm never making you like you're always
late but this time I'm finally on time
and I'll put on camera for proof BAM
12:30 baby and the reason why I think I
figured it out
the reason why I feel like I'm late to
JK party is the call time is 12:45 so in
my mind I'm thinking that's actually one
so I keep timing everything up and
getting my meals and all that stuff as
if it's 1:00 and then I come in and
starts at 12:45 so more than 15 minutes
late but now I'm like you know what fuck
that I'm gonna make it 12:45 and I know
it's simple it sounds simple I'm
probably stupid for doing that it's easy
to actually make it on time
because now it's 12:30 and I just have
to fuck around a little bit less and I
got 15 extra minutes to just chill so
finally I'm on time and hold them acute
this up they're not curb it in Gio's
face and like see I can make it places
on time and it's because of you that's
rushing me that's holding me back and
going to places on time because it sucks
to be late you should make everyone else
wait
oh man it smells good in here
I smell ponzu is there ponzu what kind
of challenges are we doing today
eat shit literally my dog sugar catch it
you know I don't mind it what the hell
is this crap oh my goodness for some
reason it looks like fine dining
there's not fine dining they always give
you a little piece and they just drizzle
some sauce on it like that look look at
how he pleaded everything to pay $50 at
a nice restaurant for this this could be
like a Michelin star restaurant type of
thing interesting see the JK party crew
they work so hard because they got a pre
pro which means pre-production stuff and
they do it the night before and then
also they do it the day before and
they're always coming in early to knock
all the stuff in or not all the stuff
out so that when the cast which is me
Joe Julia TIFF and a bunch of other
people when we come in everything's
already ready to go we're not too
worried about that stuff and that's how
you got to live life you got to prepare
and hit the ground running like these
silly gooses over here how do you like
being a part of JK party
you guys are gonna go up for me Maura
like how did you want to design the
table you want ingredients there yeah
her so every place yeah so what's gonna
be the first probably Bart what are the
ingredients of all of it together and
then it just goes into the plates to
change your plate per ingredient like I
don't think we have enough you're gonna
cut every time we don't have to cut we
just quickly run in right and I put in
the raw ingredients too but we don't
have like all the wrong greens you have
any bananas no how many what if we just
kept all of those on there as that
decoration okay if we can do it somehow
yeah let's keep it aside and then in the
middle part yeah sounds good I don't
know what to talk about to be honest yes
they do have a planning we do on the
plane
and I'm gonna get out of their hair and
tell my six minutes time then I might
jump in and then kill the show today's
uh Jacob party is actually gonna be
pretty rough and I know that already
because I had a really really hard
workout this morning and if you watch my
workout vlogs you keep up with me on
what I do for my workouts and will kind
of fitness goals a half but right now
I'm the Dames training partner and coach
for worlds and because he told me he
wanted a total 1600 outworlds which is
only like two and a half months away
from his last me I programmed it very
aggressively so for those of you guys
who aren't too familiar with working out
the percentages is percentage of your
max and you want to program it because
like you get the most gains by training
in between 70 to 80 percent or even 60
to 80 percent and anything starts going
over that you're gonna start frying or
CNS and see
this is like pretty much your spinal
cord and your message system in your
body so although you have like your arms
and your legs and abs and back muscles
and glutes and all that all of your
muscles are active I defined it all of
your muscles are activated and why can I
say activated all of your muscles are
activated through the same system so
your brain sends signals through your
spinal cord through your arms your
fingers toes all that and so when you're
struggling for a weight and they're like
fighting it for a long time although it
shows a lot of heart and go dance Chi
got a lot of determination you're
wearing out that message system that now
you also need the same message isn't to
do everything else in your life like run
away from the police or shoe take a
party or go play with their friends and
so if there's ever a time where you go
super ham at the gym and you're grinding
everything out and the next couple of
days my fuck I'm so tired what the fuck
I don't believe in 12 hours it's because
you're fried or CNS so because I'm
aggressive because I'm because I'm
programming this program so aggressively
for a Nadeem it's actually really hard
to keep up both for me and him and today
the percentages are so high that I was
grinding the last two or three reps of
my set and you never really want to
grind that's when your fire CNS and so
now fucked it wasted but somehow I got a
dig deep and turn that fucking be switch
on and put on a good show for JK party
because the last thing you guys want is
to watch a game show where it's boring
us fucking you imagine a game show was
boring as fuck imagine you watch like
American Idol and the guy comes out all
half-assed who can even the judges are
like booed that's not that it'd be
boring as fuck right so I gotta give it
my all so what I'm gonna do is uh I
might even have to drink a Red Bull or
something and just kind of kick it in
the corner by myself and rest and gather
my thoughts so that every time I come on
I could put on a show and if I can get
maybe even like 20 or 30 minutes to
myself depending on how they want to
shoot the cast members I might even take
a little nap in my signature nap area
and I always take naps in that JK
mushroom cuz on the opposite side of the
office so you see all of our JK merch
and stuff oh I wonder if you guys even
seen the other side of this this
j/k merged computer we have boxes and
boxes of Uncle Sam hats this used to be
the entrance that's why we have our
sick-ass sign over there and this is
just a big-ass rod that we hang snapples
but uh we don't enter through here
anymore
we like entering through the back cuz
you can park more cars back there so
it's just easier workflow for us so now
this became the backing this store
closed back here but anyways I get my
rest a little bit and then I'll hope
like I put on a good show for JK party
catch you guys later
what the heck is going on right now uh
you guys are a taste testing some
delicious recommended eats from people
on the Internet
you can never trust what they say on the
internet what's good its internet and it
tastes like shit still so why do you
have an ice cream in your hands okay
sorry sorry why is there ice cream
what's the ice cream it's an ingredient
I know but what is it gonna go on oh
sorry crap the sour cream I can't go
without strawberries the strawberries on
black pepper on it's already been 20
tainted by the way Oh God I assume looks
good by self though flavor is that the
vanilla it's double vanilla vanilla holy
waited to know in this thing somehow I
love vanilla
I like all ice cream you guys see my
freezer did you taste these already
Brandon during the pre-production you
didn't you guys didn't try tasting to
see then how do we know this shit's FDA
approved the internet never lies the
internet always puzzled I assume most
going on can I just be on behalf of it
no I just eat just a top part dad Misha
doesn't care about me I don't see my
comments she means should we move the
cartons time oh yeah
I found their secret room of evilness
they've already prepped all the freaking
nasty-ass orders I was supposed to eat
and the Lighting's all red in here to
make it look all evil Oh God look at
this just got fucking nasty-ass food all
over the place I'm glad I'm over with
next up is Julia and Joe and then
there's gonna be I think five more
rounds of this logging then you're gonna
see everyone eats some Dookie what if
there was Dookie and peanut butter which
would be done with do you know what I
might do about it
what about pickles and oranges down
really yeah that shit tastes pretty bad
really I just ate it right now and it
tastes like garbage no when he smells in
the air y'all smell my breath yeah I
just ate pickles it's right there hey
what are you doing hey I just wrapped up
my shot and they told me I have about
another hour before they need me in
Kasey's and merge from editing and also
feeding Isaac so now I'm in the prop
room
the JK problem oh yeah let me know in
the comments below if you want a tour of
the JK office even though we're gonna
move out of here soon let me know if you
want to see how we set everything up
where all the rooms aren't all that Oh
all those pickles and oranges anyways I
got my sleep kit so I'll just take a nap
in here and hope I'm more energized for
the next show good being that last show
didn't require too much energy it was
just me eating and explaining my
thoughts because sometimes we play some
shows like I think I've seen or like
throwing whipped cream at each other
we're going ham or like we got a scream
and yell because we find out how shady
our friends so at least that one was a
low energy game and I'll tape with the
last but now I'm really tired so I'm
gonna knock out and then I'd be way more
energized for later
good morning this is my alarm clock oh
and this is also my setup it's actually
pretty comfortable without the light on
of course but 40 minutes but I'm still
really tired because every five minutes
I can hear someone screaming you might
even be able to hear people screaming
right now watch let me see because I
think they're still filming
so my sleep got interrupted let's see
did I just bump into the glass
understand focusing right so you can see
them filming over there that's Sean it's
Josh there you go
see every uh every five minutes I hear
someone screaming and people will even
run by here and scream so super
interrupted sleep but I do feel a little
bit better I might not be able to give
my 110% but I will give my 100% take
what action take two action okay alright
so today you guys are playing the what's
on my tongue challenge the way this game
is played is one of you guys is gonna
blindfold the other one so we'll just
say Bart you're gonna blindfold Lou to
begin with but don't worry there's gonna
be the reverse after so Bart you gonna
blindfold the loop are you paying
attention at you I'm paying attention
I'm recording so once you blindfold Lou
you're gonna grab you see how there's
three bags here and there's three bags
here yeah none of you guys know what's
on it but when you grab the bag just for
your own sake if you have any questions
the item is listed at the bottom okay
okay so don't look at it until you guys
are gonna open it to do it to another
person okay yeah once you grab the bag
you have the item in your hand you're
obviously blindfolded you have to stick
your tongue up he's gonna place that
item on your tongue and you have to
guess what is on your tongue alright
that's it there's nothing to it but to
do it oh we can whip it out and put on
their tongue
Oh what does this taste like no it's not
what it tastes like it's like what it
tastes like what it smells like what it
feels like so there's a lot of things
going into it like smegma what the hell
why is this couch I'm freakin block damn
sure that's like a fucking upside down
heart marks you're gonna enjoy this
alright I mean it's just called put it
on my tongue all right got it
you ready Lou yeah these bags you have
no idea what's in them you're just as
surprised as they are no oh yeah I know
you gotta trust him yeah do you trust me
you don't want to improvise because
that's when the body that's what the
body parts come out oh you don't want
the body parts to come out I wanna stay
within the bag I got fucked up by Lou at
first you put this thing on my face I
thought it was a a chapstick or crayon
and then I found out I was listing and
then the final one five you started
putting it in my mouth and he starts
losing all these juices and I found out
it's a huh but now ah oh shit mmm
oh fuck that's the first time ever in a
habanero in my whole life shit mmm kind
of kill me ah now let's get into hiccups
let's get in the hiccups random saliva
just starts for him I start sweating out
cheers what the fuck I'm going away
going away
oh fuck tom is even though what's going
on over here you fed me a habanero he
fed me a habanero might even know
there's a lot of crazy shit sorry
you tell me fine there's nothing there's
nothing did you rub his eyes with the
biggest shit don't rub your eyes
all right dad but I
oh my oh my god
define her a little oh yeah hats on the
flame well I was bringing her touch her
yeah oh my god
all right down this whole bottle of
water to see what happened during the
madness going JK party oh my god buggers
coming out - we finished filming but we
still have us me and Joe here and we
still have a JK news meeting and then
usually on every other week when we do
that JK news meetings we also do JK News
Editor dinner because we don't really
get a chance to hang out with them like
the rest of the JK guys so we want to
bond with them but we scheduled for 6:30
that's when our reservation is at pop
rich for going there again let me enjoy
are starving so we're gonna go there
first I think it's a 545 but we couldn't
wait anymore cuz we've been waiting so
it's like four o'clock so we're gonna go
there first and then eat but we still
want to hang out just want to ruin the
event and then we'll just hang out there
until they trickle in and talk to them
but I'm super hungry are you hungry Joe
so motherfuck hungry man gonna die
everyone came oh here they are
so is our food I got this fried a curry
Hainan chicken and me and Joe are gonna
split this people ranking that we were
feeling for it I don't know many so
skewers and I got this dinosaur
chocolate drink you know everyone else
just got here I'm pretty excited for
them because I know a lot of the JT news
editors are actually foodies yeah so
it's hard to come across a pretty legit
a Malaysian restaurant so I get tip over
there always smile it and so friendly to
the camera Michael's over there hatred
about hookers all day but yeah I think
they'll really like it because it's hard
to come across a legitimization
restaurant and this places is pretty
decent it's pretty close and I think
they're gonna be very happy
like hurry now we're safe a vehicle sir
they say is a big bus
got the cookie forgot what the black man
over there is walking around so now
we're back at the office and we're about
to have our JK news editor meeting we
double vlogs at the same time and grab
chairs - it's David Koepp breaking
chairs so David brought over this chair
to donate to us
is that the preferred Mexican way of
fixing things with duct tape well it'll
be a solution you see your solutions are
always zero on my welding tool though
aren't you excited that we're here this
week last week we were able to make you
and Joe Bart and I but this week you
know we're here and we want to make sure
that you guys know what's going on
that's right I'm gonna be whispering
from time to time just pretend like I'm
not so Michael is the news JK news
manager and he's taking charge of this
meeting
well me and Joe watch that make sure
he's doing a good job I'm not here so I
think one thing we're thinking about
doing the future is you know we want to
open up just getting party to more
editors but it's not guaranteed yet so
with that said we just want to know
who's interested in
I mean I guess for you people you know
they're awesome
you want to be murdered it's all the fun
- it's more like you know it's kind of
cool because a lot more action involved
like you know for a one I think one of
the beasts ahead is that Sean's did you
know like what was like an ice cream
battle right where they had to see you
can you die from this passively good so
this is like a lot of opportunity to
kind of add in like ninja effects or
like you know like cool like you know
this time to Cyprus this side or you
know you can kind of experiment with
different sorts of cool effects to kind
of you know work on your head eating so
that's the guys can maybe think about in
the future so the second thing is you
guys are definitely doing a lot better
for the whole quality thing and I think
a lot of you guys got the bonus this
time it's a good job good job everybody
I saw the bonus email some people
because of the bonuses they went over
into the next bracket like for example
of someone where is she where was she
the whole time the restaurant with us we
started a meeting with that's what
happened there's so many fucking editors
welcome Kaiser I could have sworn I saw
you on the last island and bring our
ears so one thing that we were discuss
while you're gone is if anyone was
interested in editing JK party and if
you are that Julia and Michael no the
second thing we want to do is that you
know you guys are doing it really well
and you guys got a lot of cool bonuses
but you know um there are some things
that weren't I guess weren't very clear
about last time so begin I think I
talked about you know shortening the
link and using finding links you want to
is in the description when we use the
previous video and then we have the
whole weekend for tips assistant job
manager assistant manager I'm not
meeting we talked about using that
youtube link shortener to make it but
then we realized that through that
specific website that the playlist
wouldn't work so just be the video on
its own but so we can use to find out if
that's a bitly it does work if you use
it it's a shortened it would still work
the so we're gonna be doing is
implementing that in terms
the whole description so you use that -
there's been no how that's a pretty
issue where you click on it and he says
warning you're looking for your page or
now because I know like some computers
or some some when you call it web
browsers they have like us I guess the
case things where you click on a bit
link you will warren g that you might be
lead into it to the website those are on
special sites Tommy okay I was gonna say
if I was I'm in my account and I click
the link icon JK news it would bring me
to a page saying like hey like you're
being redirected to this thing she wants
to continue yeah yeah okay and it wasn't
like the one we're like it was like this
whole like huge line of lists instead of
literally just saying like this another
lame it's gonna take you here okay when
we use back then Pitman used to be not
like stable that's why I'm so
questioning if it's still safe less easy
I think because basically we want to
have that link show up above the fold
right and it's like if it's shorter than
it's more quick friendly and people were
more likely to click on it as well so
with that said you know WWB be calm
yeah so once you get on that side all
you do is taste the actual playlist link
and then with the fields platelets I'm
never gonna get a huge list of private
videos okay and so like I don't know
yeah and like yeah that's my own so the
thing about that is that we because we
private videos it still shows up on
playlist so when it hits a private video
the playlist will stop yeah and why
cannot continue did you see that so can
we there's no way that you can remove
those those those private videos or keep
it well that's only if you log into you
know what you just people that already
have an autoplay it stops for them and
then they're not going to continue
looking at sorts and it gives you like
three seconds it's like when you do
annotations just you know how there's a
huge chunk where it's all public and
then it's like some yeah uh blegh and
then private just going down all the way
down so the conversations get really
technical I want to bore you guys but
that's pretty much how we run JK news
meetings we have an agenda would run
through certain points I don't want to
cover calls you want to establish how
long channel is doing like for example
all the editors or I think like 85% of
editors got bonuses this month we get
bonuses every month Jake and his editors
if things are going well so channels
growing everything's doing good that's
it for for today because after this I'm
gonna go home I'm beat I'm tired but uh
yeah that's it
that's so weird fine is he yummy yeah
I'm gonna meet now talk to their mama
