you gonna watch right now get your
fucking fucking camera no no what are
you gonna watch right now I'm gonna
watch it man stick a leg in a fucking
hell can't you snake that way why I
can't watch the sling as B yes yes was
one of us won any award with us this
that guy with the tan shirt why is this
so fascinating Anthony why do you better
watch this read the title man uses his
leg to catch snake in Africa
catching King Harbor video unbelievable
catching stink like I don't want to
watch that that's horrible why I kind of
want to watch it you know I don't want
to watch it yeah yeah yeah it's pretty
great like the method all of that shit
we are going to put my leg into the hole
then you go to drag me out take a little
ride I'm going to be a to a hippopotamus
and then they eat the poopoo
this shit's real crazy okay I can't
watch this I'm gonna capture your
reactions being an anaconda hey what you
have to run like no that looks like some
sort of bait that there's a let's haste
and now they're mixing it with some so
yes I'm sort of pace I cannot watch this
it blurs supplies nuts you naked please
put it like some sort of mutant on it
rape somebody back them and then they
wrap it up with some shitty have they
ever had any chance going on Oh sounds
like halo has there ever been a fatality
trying to do this I'm sure
no the heat is good hey you said no and
then agreed no they eat it I was the
homey I wouldn't be voluntary
all of these boys literally like oh look
it's a snake hole this ball sack is
dangling off that shit cuz what if the
snakes goes for the other leg but ever
had that he didn't wrap hanging up in a
pot yeah the other leg is outside oh
yeah
why what does he do he just dangling his
feet so they can carry his weight - you
see how big with an insufficient well if
you got a hunt for food you got to do
what you got to do the oh shit fuck your
faces are oh he said I don't know oh
look - they're like giving him hellos
and shit so you can chill there for a
while a minute huh looks like it's a
frost how did they pick who's gonna go
home like chillin on the spot oh I know
right oh shit shit shit shit shit
anaconda oh yeah that's on his leg look
at that shit yeah oh so he's got the
whole foot in there already
oh my God look at that shit look how big
that bitch's
oh look I start like cutting his face
off
is that fine it is Lego yeah that's a
game of food though yeah I'm gonna use
that way you wanted to see are you happy
I need food though not do what you gotta
do man it'll cover oh is that like his
chopped head office whose whose oh man
he had no idea what was about to happen
what is this nature though I know I'm
just happy they're gonna eat it it's not
like they're making like snakeskin boots
out of there anything yeah I always feel
bad when it goes to waste for sure or
they make Busan and still eat the meat
but that's fine that they went to waste
earlier during one of the JK news
segments you said that you would you
woulda swore your tongue with David
what's up with that so my talk yeah you
said you would you were saying what I
see you a toast and then bring it out of
context so I'm not I'm not
yeah I pictured swirling tongue that's
good that's in your own fantasy so no I
do not fantasize about this thing can
you hold the camera two hands you have
to shake his hands a Hollywood fucking
Michael J Fox anyways what we're talking
about is I forgot who said what but some
people have a phobia of putting things
in their mouth that has already been in
someone else's mouth and although I
don't have a phobia that oh it's because
we did this news article about dentures
and it's someone with eating sushi and
dentures were popped out and they
freaked out in the sushi in the sushi
and some of the JK news staff or son of
JK and his cast was like oh I wouldn't
eat that sushi they're not my fault that
I wasted no sushi they don't bother me
and then so that led up to a compiler
touch-tones a David if I wanted to but
wait David and not Joe or not Anthony
we're just
he was right in front of me I was just
talking like he sits right there I sit
right here I looked at him I'm like
let's touch - I'm not touching anybody
here and then David proceeded to say
that he would wait for the right amount
of money yeah
goody buzz oh fuck Tong's will call me
right now I could let me see you go
no yeah pay me down let's do it yeah she
says let's do it let's do it if you know
Jay gave me 50 bucks right now and he
was down to do it did was both fifty
bucks do it it's no no you just said
yourself you don't bring him in the mix
I'll give you 50 bucks I have it right
now my help I give him something I have
it right and then you split the 50 bucks
why won't you followed it no no he said
50 bucks I'll give you 50 bucks I'll
give you 50 bucks I have it fucking
about this if I have 50 bucks I give
that to you down if he gets into I gotta
see this record
I give him 50 blowjobs that's good
doesn't count why your joyous see you
know it's not well how is it pleasure ii
mean cuz my dick tastes good yeah - who
know uh you get off the fact that he
enjoys it and it makes you tie down my
dick has three Michelin stars said who
arewho Michelin committee this is stupid
what's going on over here
having some motherfucking wings wait I
thought you were hey having some
motherfucking wings Cheryl why it's a
special day that you have some
motherfucking ways I've been moving shit
all week I know I'm tired why are we
late so wait what about moving I mean
cuz I could move stuff in and out of a
room and then move into another room no
but I have literally five flights to go
up and I've been doing that for the past
week oh wait she was right behind you
what this Bart's pizza Bart with going
on over there that guy right on this
place that's like zero fat it's called
zero fat calm and I like to fuck on goin
come here move order this yo fat pizza
it looks just like the real pizza that
you would usually get and even these
wings it looks like just like the
interview
in solids over zero fat 14 grams of
protein one car pa-choo up sighs oh wow
say oh come on man
you know I haven't even been tracking I
miss our tracking first week in October
we're in the last week of September it's
all good I haven't gained any weight or
children
okay you know what someone told me on
one of my Instagram post they're like
fuck you and your fucking macros there's
people in Africa that are starving and
you're not even trying to eat food sauce
yes they ponies are always someone in a
worse condition than you but that
doesn't dictate your life choices macros
doesn't mean that you're starving
yourself I don't know it is a hummus
taken on earth that's really no extra
money so fun dip here on sounds like
someone going like to see what all this
predator that doesn't have clothes how
did you throw away that stain wife
beater of yours that you had for 20
years I don't want to suck it the Saudi
people never get to go home by then once
okay
sounds like a fucking alright bucket
aridif again I'm sorry sir
so what do you keep bringing up you keep
taunting me I was just saying that
really happy I got the pizza and the
wheel all day today he keeps telling
everyone he got me for my birthday which
is this weekend he telling me he's just
like hey mom you're gonna be like what I
got unit shows TIFF and now he's talking
about telling David he's telling David I
can't wait to shoot Kenny show Davis are
you talking about fuck I tell you the
truth I'm gonna tell you what it is fine
but the truth is is I love you really
excited for this gift and I would tell
you
really want to tell you secrets three -
I want to give it to you but it's not
your day yet and you haven't deserved it
so but you keep bringing it up
we keep taunting you doing it to us
closest telling you without having to
tell you but it's torture you know why I
hate speakers and I can't keep secrets
either I'll tell you no don't tell me
you dirty
what an amazing boyfriend are you gonna
tell daddy it's not even his gift
but he's so excited to give you again
that's an amazing husband actually
that's what we do that's not that's what
he does so I've been doing this oh you
don't know our relationship get your
monster hands out my face see now that
the food's gone you're a bitch again
wait I know I was always a bitch I don't
care about that no with the food's here
you're fantastic I wasn't I just had
food in my mouth I couldn't talk to you
I'm saying
boot heels everything fucking hate you
so much hope you choke off all of this
who are you doing I'm about to show
David what I got you I know me oh my
gosh you're gonna love it but I'm not
gonna show you
I just wanna I'd have to keep sharing it
and keep letting it out that's gonna
pick you Travis why this man is doing
with the blanket I couldn't keep it to
myself I had to keep on showing
everybody guess what I don't know
Oh eat it put the cards in okay all
right guys I know I'm gonna issue
something oh she said the vevo taking so
long
pulling it up cause Bhargavi oh don't
make any face what's wrong don't make
any facial expression so it's gonna be
this mm-hmm
this type of thing this type of
dinnerware uh-huh no but with this type
of car haha your face so the car mix
with the dinnerware in that kitchen
you're gonna fucking Hey
shit oh my god it's fucking terrible
you've married this guy doesn't even
know you dude no for real girl look at
my face I gotta go somewhere real quick
cuz I'm is it does it have a tail in
four legs no that's all I want
no really you want to know what yeah no
no I do want another one oh my god yeah
so so what so what's the verdict which
are you happy is it good to you it is
the most amazing double sided deal of
you of everything fucking huge to never
ideas like this big
doing it this morning like this little
nobody wore Thor's brother yeah it's
pretty amazing though and if you don't
like it you're no fool fuck like that ah
that's a good gift dude
he's pretty good I think it's pretty
good uh-huh are you know I might rival
that of the data so scarce Hey look at
all that junk in the trunk
oh my god oh my god ladies oh my god
thank God
fucking here just finished filming JK
news and we are now about to get some
grub on at Tokyo shabu shabu a local
spot for us
you
uh I don't know she's gonna let us in
maybe she's a fan and she's smiling at
bar oh she is well anyway so today is
October 1st and I know there's a delay
you're gonna be like oh this thing is so
so slow you guys upload so so late but
actually we did because we don't have
any freaking time and we would like to
stop how these videos and they would
like to upload them um you know one at a
time because it's Barden I are both
recording but anyway today's October 1st
and it marks two year barbell
anniversary and it totally caught me off
guard because I was actually thinking
about it and then I was reminded about
it and I was like oh shit that's true
barbell brigade has been open for two
years and it absolutely blew my mind
because what started off as an idea and
as actually as a frustration of Barden I
because when we were training had 24
hour we kind of really didn't like that
environment cuz we couldn't train the
way we wanted to train because at that
time we were doing powerlifting and
CrossFit like circuit type training and
people would look at us weird there
weren't enough scoffs squat rats the
equipment just wasn't right they would
say we couldn't crumb we can be bad we
can do anything so what started off as a
really cool thing and an idea in our
head actually turned into something 10
and super amazing that right now I
actually want to ask this guy over here
would they say who inside
oh that we're good yeah that's it work
good okay
instead of the others more like so what
I was just talking about with outer
culture so what I was just talking about
right now was about barbell brigade
being open for two years and kind of my
feelings about that but how do you feel
about it because I know when I mentioned
it earlier today you were just like what
oh yeah I think it's it's it's one of
those things where like we're so busy
building it
and it's so fun and we're building our
team and our family that you don't
realize how much time has really passed
and you don't really realize how much
you've accomplished because all we see
now is the current Baba Brigade at 6:46
Gibbons in downtown LA and we have over
300 members and there's so many crews in
there like kilo Club goes through their
iron Empire rolls through their physical
culture rolls through there there's so
many like crews and cliques that go
through that call that place home and
I've been able to meet so many great
people in there and it just seems like a
very pop in place now where a lot of
people like to Train like one of the
biggest things that are one of these
that I heard that made me feel so good
is people actually start calling at the
mecca like the mecca of powerlifting and
that's crazy because before that the
only other place that's associated with
the word Mecca is the Gold's Gym in
Venice or the great like Arnold
Schwarzenegger is a trainer and in some
phenomena called lava Brigade the mecca
I Love You Man
oh my god like that's so that's such a
respectful and endearing term you know
and I'm like so
and then when you take a step back and
you think about it you're like holy shit
it's only been 2 years like it feels
like what Barlow brigade has
accomplished took like 10 years to get
there
and it's because we have number one the
greatest staff in the world we have the
greatest members in the world and it put
them together and this super this is the
most delicious soup that you could ever
drink of and it's just crazy to think
that we've only actually been at six
four six Gibbons for a year because
before that we were in a very small
humble beginning and we're only there
for not even a year for like six months
and then we had to move cuz we outgrew
that place
so when you really think back and
they're like holy shit like I feel like
at the top of the mountain looking down
fog we climbed all of this you know it's
like wow that's crazy
but now there's also a lot more mountain
to climb because we never without the
type of leaders they can place it so I'm
just excited to see what the next what
we accomplish by the next year or even
the next two years over the next five
years because now our staff is growing
and our staff is getting more more
responsibilities that kind of bleed over
into barbed up or get corporate not just
want up again Jim we have staff on the
barber get Apparel bottle broken
productions now so it's just growing as
a mini conglomerate and it's just really
cool everyone's so passionate about the
entire movement and people believe
and barbell brigade so much that like we
don't even have to tell them like me and
you don't have the talent our vision is
just people whether we one of the
questions we ask we interview people
like what's your vision for model
Brigade and then people won't boom drop
like a five-minute speech that is
completely Eckles exactly what we're
thinking and we're like oh my god is
beautiful right I can't believe you guys
our vision is just as clear in our mind
as it is in ours
sometimes even more so on the body would
be good you're thinking we should be
over here
damn so it's really amazing
yeah just let me talk about this right
now actually is making me super
emotional because I was because I was
just explaining to them how it started
off from from what idea in our heads you
know and I was saying Moore's foot it
was like a frustration that came out you
know like we were kind of frustrated
that there wasn't a facility that could
cater to like our style of training
because at that time we were doing
probably thing across fit and it just
came it like it stemmed from that you
know and then and then to like to have
to go from the brain to like an actual
like physical manifestation of it it's
just like okay well that already is
amazing right because you have to take
like this crazy leap of faith and just
and just trust that you know what what
you want other people are gonna want and
and we never went into this like trying
to get any sort of monetary gain out of
it it was just like well shit this is
what we want and we genuinely believe it
and and we just want a place to Train
like it was nothing more than that like
it wasn't an amazing like 10 year like
idea that we had that were like dude at
the end of this we're gonna be fucking
rich it wasn't it was never like that
was just purely on like kind of a
selfish tip you know what I mean like
hey if we want this stuff then I feel
like this place will be great for other
people and and we never thought about it
as like with only cater to power lifters
oh that's only catered a crossfitter it
was like well let's just keep it as
open-ended as possible so that people
can feel like they can come here and do
any style of physical training or just
therapy if they want to just sit in here
and just be like inspired and motivated
by other people that are trying to like
achieve their goals and it went from
that to finding staff like you mentioned
I was like super down for the cause and
even had their own contributions to make
it a Greta crater place that like we
found these people we call them family
now they're and now they have like the
same passion and drive for it and
they've like carried on the brand far
greater than I feel you and I could have
done it and I'd like to think back and
like you said to feel like we're like at
the top of this mountain now looking
down saying like oh shit we've actually
gone this far like holy fuck like this
is amazing and it's it's even more
amazing that like we have all the
support that we do have from like our
staff or members like the people that we
that we encounter and like they're like
constantly motivating me and you to like
pursue this even more and like like we
feel now that it's like holy fuck like
these people make it great not we have
nothing to do with it anymore like you
and I were done we're kind of like at
least I feel like I'm taking this
backseat and watching other people like
get motivated and inspired by it and I'm
like this is amazing and I just can't I
can't believe it
it's still surreal to me I don't know
how you feel about it it's surreal to me
too but yeah it just gets me emotional
especially when you're talking about I'm
like wow this is awesome the Kyuubi yeah
congratulations by the stomach sweating
coz I was talking really really long and
my arm got super sore let's go eat
alright what the hell is happening now
what are you doing this to me
well God old man over there you're
getting way too close I'll tell a friend
how people I'm going to show you so I'm
gonna show you the first one or she
doesn't know it no no we're just gonna
get reactions until the - or cut oh I
got her
don't make any reaction don't say
anything okay and then uh you got a hold
on took this will be a surprise until
tomorrow okay until tomorrow
dammit the dinner I mean we can start
tomorrow the dinner just pretty much
something like this mm-hmm
something like like these forks and
knives like this but then way bigger
okay and then the they already made a uh
what does it call like a mock-up of this
table
now let's to go with the fork summer
yeah it looks like this oh haha what is
it this part here especially because of
Renu yeah yeah yeah yeah it all adds up
for you wait what did he give anything
away there it's part of this stuff yeah
well pretty much give it all the way sup
but that don't you don't get anything
and that's it a get away get away
why do you keep teasing me like this you
know first of all I don't even care
about a present but you keep hyping it
up so my first thoughts because I feel
like you're really gonna like it and
then number two I suck at keeping
secrets but then this is the one that I
have to keep a secret because I want to
give it to you in its full effect I
don't is it gonna be something like a
fucking ice cream cone it asking all
kinds of questions gonna be the up I'm
pleased the fit I please but you keep
bringing it Oh
anymore until the day that I give you
the shoe rack oh you said Forks a knife
on the table and he said the boobs thing
yeah and a shoe rack
Nadine look at look at me what is it
just just send it to me telepathically
you're mafia
no am I gonna like it ah oh the closet
anybody no one in the barbell staff
knows you only you and no one is gonna
know so if it leaks up I know if I don't
start as except except for me
I already told okay he already told me
so he didn't know anything prior to this
video no nothing at all well but he said
he saw you writing some stuff but
there's quite a saw me working or
working on stuff but are you planning
anything else no you just saw me going
on like the home depot calm and ordering
everything we needed
damn it was like that immigration
website hey I was born here he wasn't
born here I was were you born here fine
fuck why I don't care
hey quick science quick Side Story
so I told so one year Bart told me he
loved the ice-cream cake right
so that year first birthday I got him
ice cream he was super super stoked the
following year he gets me he gets me an
ice cream cake but he forgot that I said
I fucking hate ice cream cake because I
have really soft enamel and I've really
soft teeth so anything cold I can't bite
into it super sensitive so the fact that
there's like ice cream and then a layer
of like that
spongy cake thing me biting except my
teeth get all confusing it hurts my
mouth so I told him his story next year
he forgets he gets me fucking ice cream
keys like I got you your favorite and
it's an ice cream cake and I'm like oh
yay thanks for the ice cream cake but
the following day like hey V by the way
I fucking hate ice cream cake cannot get
that anymore and he's like yeah yeah the
year after that this is year two after I
told him I don't like ice cream cake
he's like I got you your favorite cake
this time again you can fucking ice
cream
okay and I was like what the fuck is he
fucking with me now again ate the cake
whatever phone line dad told him hey
babe you know I think you forgot but I
don't like ice cream cake it's like oh
fuck my bad my bad I'm so so I totally
forgot I thought that's what you said
you liked ice cream cake like it's cool
okay so you're three now I got you your
favorite cake guess what he got me guess
what he got me okay okay is that your
guess yeah
carrot cake no I got me a fucking ice
cream cake again once because I know I
like that shit in the world so I just
want to give you the best my assume the
buds are up to my quality bucket but I
did but it's not even a matter of taste
buds it's a matter of like physical pain
so I just thought that like your teeth
were the best quality come on I eat a
fucking shit enough candy he even knows
maybe you should not do I don't get any
hahaha return every fairness seven years
four of them I didn't give it yeah
that's what that's more than half that's
more than half so I'm doing pretty good
alright I'll give it to you it is even
to be safe I'm gonna body haha no
seriously I can't even fuck up this soon
a day more TV gimme what do you get you
yeah so I gift someone gift a gift boy
what about the boobs thing what happens
there are we talking about Oh are we
talking about the boo thing you'll see
is it jewelry
I know he brought it a final camp done
I don't even understand what's going on
in there I look like some masturbation
to me I think
