good morning y'all it's 7 o'clock in the
morning and the reason why I'm up so
early on a Tuesday is because today is
going to be a packed ass motherfucking
day so today is so packed that in order
to fit in a web series production
meeting because we're trying to develop
this many web series for barbell brigade
productions the only time I could fit in
the meeting is 7:30 a.m. in the morning
so from 10 o'clock until noon I have a
JK operations and management meeting
then we have a lunch break and then
after that we continue the JK admin and
operations and investments meeting then
David and Erin joins us and then we have
a go-for-broke meeting and then after
that I have a barbell Brigade
productions Operations meeting and then
I have a barbell Brigade gym meeting so
literally from my 10:00 a.m. until 10:00
p.m. I have back to back to back to back
to back meetings
um the whole day so when we're trying to
develop this web series now I was like
fuck I'm pretty much packed Monday
through Friday and even though Tuesday's
are supposed to be my sleep in days
where I don't have a meeting until 10
a.m. as I fuck the only time I can meet
is 7:30 a.m. in the morning that can be
from 7:30 to 9:30 is anyone down but the
cool thing is none of us are morning
people but when my staff found out that
that's the only time I can meet they're
like fuck it if that's the only time you
can meet we're doing it so Lou's coming
down be toys coming down there day one
the dude has to come from anywhere you
lives next door Sara's coming out so
we're all gonna have a early as meeting
to knock out this webseries and that
makes me feel so good to know that my
staff is so dedicated and they're so
passionate about their work that they're
willing
to meet outside of normal hours you know
so now that Starbucks about to buy
everyone coffee because that's the least
that I can do we're having the best
staff in the world and G already
Requested Gio's
one of Jill's favorite coffees in the
world is pumpkin spice latte she's not a
part of the meeting but she knew I was
going to Starbucks and I was like hey
baby I'm gonna grab you something she
goes can you find me a pumpkin spice
multi still sleeping and I think she
just wants to drink it somehow I'm gonna
get that far hi could I get two
reduced-fat turkey bacon breakfast
sandwiches thank you and can I have two
grande pumpkin spice lattes nonfat
without whipped cream
alright what's that okay and then can I
get do you think okay oh ha please I'm
valuable ring yes grande for bottom and
can I get two small hot black coffees
they're hot black coffee yeah anything
else yes and can I also have a banana
bread please
and then everyone back warmed up please
okay and that be all
okay 7.65 thank you okay
got the goods so you know what's pretty
funny apparently they have a camera
under N the Starbucks people and they're
able to see me and they were telling me
that they were trying to make faces on
the LCD screen but I guess the LCD
screen was just flashing so I don't know
if we captured and we'll go back and
look at the footage see if I captured
their faces but they're like oh you're
like recording us huh and I was like
yeah it's because I'm making memories
because I don't usually wake up this
early and I think they got uh they died
was a trip cuz you're like did you hear
what he say like he doesn't wake up this
early so you must still make memories
and I love jolly people in the morning I
hate grumpy people in the morning it's
like dude it's such a beautiful day
today is starting early the Sun is
bright and ever since I was a kid as
soon as I woke up I was a kid I used to
wake up beside my mom would like if you
fucking around one more time I'll beat
the fuck out of you every time when you
wake up in the morning I want you to
smile big and from then on ever since I
woke up in the board I know how that
worked
but ever since I woke up in the morning
I would be really happy and really
joyful and I enjoy seeing other people
like that it just makes you feel good
you know you wake up in the morning and
it's like Cheers
good morning like well you wanna be
memories is fuckin cool is he
you know that's fucking cool rather than
so like a grumpy ass motherfucker
haha
morning good morning sir good
can you believe that Lu is the first one
that's on time I gotta be late can you
believe that
I know Lu I'm so proud of you
I'm so proud of you you're the first one
here who's usually the last one is real
at least six hours late at least five
hey hey what's going on there's Nadeem
and what's crazy is even though he lives
here he's still late blue is the first
one here then Sarah how's that make
sense I have a bunch of you guys walking
in the house out here no you don't I
have footage of us getting here first
yeah yeah why are you absolutely worth
because we have to do a barbell Brigade
productions meeting there is beat Roy
he's late how come you don't even have
pants on oh really
Holly yes usually mm-hmm wait asses on
inside the house cuz I know you like my
keys rattle open it yeah that makes also
why are you lady there's a lot of sense
like are no you're the jumper huh yeah
Oh funny you're big cutie pie just
breathe cuz I'm ready to play huh
where's your mama hey mama why you up
early ma bear yeah I know but I'm not
gonna believe you could never do it you
always tell me to wake you up
and then the end of just staying in bed
like a big beauty yeah I got you the
turkey bacon sandwich D Oh
armed Wow what's done touch your Papa
loves you
what is good doing for yourself yeah
she's funny
big Q T so much energy in the morning
you want to tell him what happened last
night I met in another night worried a
boo-boo
no your did something to me we got me
all horny I'm morning without I don't
know
hmm I see your memory fails you all of a
sudden is that what happens
oh no your memories a lot there are you
just tell me we had sex
no we did he has a day to bikini why I
am that's so weird
fine is he yummy yeah okay I'm gonna
meet now talk to you later bye MA damn
be toy-making Asians look bad bleach on
it the latest one even Luis ahead of you
you got a fresh look you get that fresh
complete RIT bleacher leecher Valera you
say yummy I was climbing that's mine
that's right bleach or hey Nadine can
you share this drive with a bleach oy oy
someone's like the Portillo Justin
Bartha kick me for part takeover oh this
is so much money for something she don't
want or do at all due to poor Joe Oh Dan
let's comment a harsh a little part what
is it it's a lie to think partially
strong you know that's one thing I never
understood I never understood why people
left negative comments cuz if you don't
like the show then just don't watch it
yeah like if I don't like a show I don't
keep watching it in commenting a lot of
times the haters that we see in the
comments it's the same hater and you see
the same guy I'm like dude like you
fucking hate my guts or you hate Jill's
guts or you hate whoever's guts but you
watching every single one and you're the
first person to comment every hour
you're dedicated better get it you
jealous jealous is how we think it is
all these other like you to Rosa yeah
that's what I had taken school what are
the hitters because they're popular heal
me heal me there is until they hear
someone I don't know you know they're
bored too much are you two little peanut
butter not you do a show how to pick you
messed it up gently but people told you
to have a beer bitch in me I just felt I
have a bigger cut they usually say
goodbye better what are you doing sir oh
oh because my hands are trying up for
his muscles wrong day
Hey come here you too aah so after that
meeting now I have another meeting with
Michael and Jo we actually discussed a
bunch of things already and I was going
to share with you guys but it was a lot
of top-secret numbers that we can't
share with you guys yet because I don't
even know if it's fixed yet and it's
top-secret numbers that involve other
people as well
so I couldn't share it but can you give
us an overview of just some of the
things we ran through so as everyone
knows we want to move to a new office
and you've already signed the lease and
everything so it's real it's finally
happening who's not going to be any more
on touring and looking for new offices
videos so it's finally real and we want
to build it on Dec could have all these
new sets and everything but
unfortunately these sets are a little
bit expensive so we didn't figure out
how to afford them while you know making
the most awesome for you guys so we can
do a lot more awesome productions on
YouTube what other stuff time we talked
about a couple brand deals and meeting
with like random CEOs just because
they're in town
you know what like Hollywood folks the
way they do business is old-school they
like to do everything in person you know
they want to talk for hours on the phone
they want to build relationships and
we're like from this new media internet
generation we're just like let's move
let's move
email fucking efficiency Skype let's
just get this deal done move forward and
I don't really vibe with this fucking
let's just top guys okay so there were
those but what kind of deals were
representing with that they just like oh
the seals in town let's go play golf
guys they have zero deals let's think of
an idea that's the whole shit is oh
what's the meeting for I just introduced
you guys for what just talk what he said
what Joe said oh all right and now what
are we get talking about and now we're
going to talk about what we're going to
do in 2016 are awesome business schools
which are top secret but you'll be
finding out more about them coming soon
so yes although it looks like we just
have fun and we fuck around and we're
reckless we actually plan and we
strategize and we set goals and we know
if we're a line or on line and on track
to achieve those goals and that's what
you guys should do too you guys
shouldn't be thinking of New Year's
resolution on January 3rd after New
Year's already happening you should be
thinking about it beforehand like what
could you do better
how could you better your life in the
fourth quarter of 2015 for 2016 and
that's what we're doing right now so now
I'm on my lunch break
and you guessed it we're going to tie
hey our favorite sushi spot but because
there's a car wash right next to ty hey
I'm actually gonna drop off the car to
get washed first because since we're so
busy Monday through Friday which is when
the car wash that are open
I never get a chance when it's hard for
me to find a chance to get the Porsche
wash so TIFF is my assistant and she can
get the durango and the cord wash
because it's automatic but the Porsche
is manual so I have to drop it off to
get it washed and I'm trying to double
date dildo which is our way of saying
killing two birds with one stone and
trying to knock out two things within
the same hour which is fill my tummy and
get the car wash trying to be more
productive so I'm over here but I just
want to let you guys know a little bit
about my thoughts of what's going on at
the end of 2015 for JK and my life and
2016 and there's a lot of really cool
important things going on I'm actually
really happy so I just got married as
you guys know and so my romantic life is
good business-wise JK is growing all the
channels are growing the revenue was
growing and now we're starting to
diversify our assets we're investing
we're trying to invest in a popsicle bar
and JK is moving bigger offices and in
that office barber brigade is also going
to join that so we're gonna have a
barbell Brigade corporate office in
there and we're going to try to create
it create the office to be a very
creative and hip young place and our
sets are going to be way nicer so our
shows are going to look better for you
guys it's going to look - not better
quality we can invest more to make the
shows even more funner so everything is
just going really really good in my life
right now and yes the only sad thing is
that Tyson passed away and I'm very sad
but he also lived a very long fulfilling
life he that motherfuc was 15 years old
so at this point in my life right now I
feel like my life is going really really
good and it's all thanks to you guys
thank you for all your support for
supporting us from the beginning with JK
films then JK Party JK news and the
barbell brigade and supporting me in
jailed marriage it's all because of you
guys and you guys believed in us that
we're able to continue the lives that we
want and to continue to give you the
content that you guys want so it's a
it's a very cool interactive and very
reciprocating relationship and I love
you all so I just want to share that
with you guys and I'm really happy
and now there's a weird Mexican guy
looking at me like is this motherfucker
gonna get his fucking car wash or he's
gonna keep talking to the fucking camera
shit so I got a drop off the car please
you can't really tell how dirty it is on
camera but there's a ton of brake dust
the rims aren't dark grey like this and
there's a lot of like bird Dookie all
over the place and spots and dust and
everything let's see how it looks like
afterwards tuna roll tuna snapper
Schramm get a pail salmon attaboy
try Spanish fry Spanish my wine
eat when Michael you didn't have this
before right I do - delicious dude you
want to tell me what you got to dip it
in ponzu sauce - key the whole thing
yeah I eat the whole thing
Devon sauce ya dip it and ponzu sauce
and heat the whole thing
it's bomb huh it's so good it's moving
my shoulders he is so commish just what
the hell Spanish mackerel like a
motherfucker to see a chin and the
scallop and the salmon skin roll was
dead
Oh what the hell and it's finally clean
yeah
a no more break dust on the rim see how
the rim is almost the same color as the
car that's how it's supposed to be no
more brown dirt no more bird Dookie it's
nice and smooth I got it waxed
everything looks clean the glass is
clear finally oh man that's the way it's
supposed to look BAM that's how it's
supposed to look
bada-bing bada-boom you know over lunch
me and Joe were having this conversation
and I realized something interesting
about myself and it's nowadays like me
and Joe talk about where we would like
to live or settle down and start a
family or even possibly buy a house
later on all the places that we
brainstorm are like the suburbs Pasadena
Paulo's Birdy's Torrance San Marino like
really quiet type places places where
there aren't much going on but just like
three years ago it was me and Joe and
even Gio's dream to live in downtown LA
to live in love to live in the sky rise
to be in the middle of the hustle and
bustle and the realization that we made
is that when you're young you want to be
immersed in like a lot of culture and
enrich the community there's a lot of
things going on and these are always
popping off but as your life starts to
become a hectic itself
you actually want your living space to
be less hectic and more clunky need
balance you know like you can't be
living in a war zone and then when you
go home it's also another war zone like
you want it to be chill and calms we
could rest you're mine and so that made
me think of Richard Branson whom is one
of my idols he owns the entire virgin
Empire by Virgin Atlantic Virgin
Galactic Virgin Mobile Virgin Records
and he lives on an island on a tropical
island I believe it's Necker Island by
himself and he has all his CEOs fly to
him once a week to discuss all the
company matters and to give them updates
on what's going on any runs all his
companies from his Island which is
really really really cool and he starts
off his day every single day with a swim
around his Island and the waters all
blue looks like he's in Hawaii looks
super nice and that's probably because
he is at the pinnacle of an extremely
hectic lifestyle running all those
conglomerates and so he needs a place
that he can chill and keep his mind at
peace so he can make a clear decisions
and that was just something I just
realized I'm like oh cool like my mind
actually changed what I wanted before
even though I didn't achieve it I don't
feel like I have regret I don't feel
like I'm like oh you know what I never
got a chance to live in the city because
I feel like I'm passed down now I grew
past that we're just really cool to
notice things like that about yourself
just wanted to share that with jump
what's up doll so I just got home and
it's cuz our meeting ended early today
and this is the first time in like the
history of six months where our Tuesday
meeting ended early that's because um
Aaron doesn't have any production
updates for go-for-broke it's currently
in production meaning is getting made
that things are getting printed the
labels are getting sewn on and David
could make the marketing meeting because
he's moving right now so we couldn't
move forward without him and then we
made a few executive decisions that he
already trusted us to make for our
popsicle investment so now I'm home and
I don't have a meeting for another three
hours I'm gonna take a nap because I
woke up early today I'm really tired and
then i'ma grab some food hopefully a
shabu shabu because um there's this
place called Shinsengumi and it's bomb
as hell and tuesdays in the afternoon
they have happy hour so what usually
cost like 30 or 40 bucks is only ten
bucks a person that's hella cheap so I'm
gonna go there and then uh wrap up the
meeting but right now this bed is
looking hella comfortable so I'm going
to take a nap
Oh funny funnier lot are usually likes
being next dare dad yeah so it's just a
cutie pie new sweetheart
here you guys ready to meet ya is
everyone in the drive yeah
alright cool what is the first thing
we're talking about
