good morning guys today it has already
been a pretty interesting day kind of
fulfilling already so it is 12 o'clock
now Oh 12:15 and it's a Tuesday woke up
at 7:00
because Bart had a meeting so I just
took advantage of the house just being
awake and I'm like I'm gonna be one with
everyone else be awake be productive
fuck sleep woke up at 7 got ready went
to my mom's house and it was really cool
cuz I didn't even know my aunt was in
town and that's my mom's sister no idea
she was in town walk in the house and
I'm like woah hey what's up yeah long
time no see it's been about like a year
or two since I've seen her and I went to
my mom's house and it sucks cuz I only
go there when I need something it's the
worst I saw it's the worst but I am a
really great daughter cuz as soon as my
mom or my dad presents some sort of
issue problem or a need I'm the first
person to get it there and I'll give you
an example so I walk in see my aunt and
I'm like hey mom or like hate the ow are
you then I'm like hey mom mom I actually
need some childhood toys my mom's super
organized she labels everything puts
everything in a box and um I knew she
would have some of my old stuff so I'm
like hey can I go down to the garage and
just kind of rummage through a couple of
the boxes see if I can find any of my
childhood toys she's like yeah sure no
problem
so we go and uh not my mom so some of my
house my house now but on she presents
me with a couple of toys and I can't
show too much because we're actually
gonna film this for JK films but I
didn't show this and this is something
that's really cool I've never really
been a Star Wars fan but apparently this
was one of my childhood toys and you
would put a little battery isn't that a
little battery but you could put a
battery in it and then I forgot how but
you do something and this little Ewok
his lights his lights his eyes and his
nose lights up and then he goes bird or
whatever noise they make I think that
was a guppy from another TV show but
found this and then just I'll give you
guys a sneak peek and then some of my
childhood toys right here that all
happens to be McDonald's toys ironically
enough
and if you know me I'm not the biggest
fan of McDonald's not because I have
anything personal or anything that gets
McDonald's it's just I just don't fancy
most of their food I am a cheeseburger
fan I am an artist and grilled chicken
sandwich fan other than that I can do
without the rest o it cept the first
prize of all um so I went to her house
picked up this stuff came back home film
with Julie and Tommy in this room
actually it doesn't look like a mess
anymore but yeah filmed with them now I
am just waiting for Shawn and it always
changed things
sorry now I'm just waiting for Shawn to
get here because I have a meeting with
him at 1:00 and we will be filming all
that we will not be filming we will be
meeting for JK party concepts and here's
some of the concepts that we'll be
talking about or games I've never played
any of these games it looks like fun I'm
kind of looking forward to that and then
after that I have a barbell meeting and
then after that we have another creative
meeting and then tomorrow we fill Jacob
Marta um but for now I'm just waiting on
Tom and Julie to bring me back some food
because I just didn't have time and I
don't like being late to meetings so
instead of me going out to go get
something they're gonna go get food
they're gonna come back and work here
anyway so I'm like eh can you just pick
something up for me cuz I'm not trying
to be late when I'm trying to meet with
someone cuz I know they're going out of
their way to make their time and to keep
the schedule woman so I don't want to
push anything back if I push one thing
back everything else gets to push it
back and then I'm gonna I'm not gonna go
to sleep til super late did you get all
that damn but in the midst of it all
trying to Saturn funny bond you wanna go
outside fine do any bad side don't go
outside go outside you don't want to go
outside
don't go outside piggy don't go outside
don't go outside
do it outside oh you're so shitting all
over my pants
hi boogie oogie is the cutest dog ever
and I love her with all my heart and
soul and if I ever lose her or if
anything bad ever happens to her I will
be completely devastated but brigh e is
the dumbest fucking dog alive but you're
the sweetest tall girl you're not very
loyal either but that could also just
because you're dumb and you're loyal
with everyone oh you want me to pay you
I got you
if you guys don't own a dog and you guys
love furry guys and I highly recommend
adopting a dog ha baby you were a rescue
you weren't adopted but fun on the other
hand was adopted and your brother Tyson
was not adopted
but he was bought from a penny saver so
it's close enough oh my God look at my
pants that's one of the downfalls you
told me to pay you of owning a dog they
shed like a mofo
and this is the hypoallergenic dog I am
currently setting up so we can play
tests clue possibly for just kidding
party this is your job
Sean I get to play games what is that
Uncle Ben it's like a little pistol I
see from the side oh my god that's so
cute
it would fucking die over this oh my god
I know that rope TIFF you're gonna die
when you see this that's so cute a
little steel pipe oh my god that's so
morbid
I like a candlestick that's so cute
I went to the miniature Museum one time
holy shit is that a wrench yes
miniature wrenched it's all your little
problems this is cute as hell
Tiffany this is calling your name
Brandon has a shirt on I know you guys
don't like that or you they just don't
like that and he doesn't like that
actually
Brandon headed his way you'd be
shirtless yeah sure this all the time I
don't know I bet you he's painting for
some naked by the time with himself yeah
ladies give him a holla follow him on
Instagram
that'd be Troy with two eyes oh yeah
you're welcome Brandon you're welcome
Brandon you're welcome
to reach a different room of the mansion
the start you're tearing move your token
either by rolling the die trust this guy
I don't trust that guy I don't trust
that girl she's shady as fuck shit you
want to basically get to a different
room if you're in a corner room you can
move into another corner and by using
the secret passage so each of these
rooms has a different secret passage so
the lounge can lead to the conservatory
conservatory leads to lounge kitchen
leads to study study leads to kitchen
this house is legit imagine this
mansions legit let's see I don't have it
understand what's going on in there I
look like some masturbation to me for
help
Juliet sorry mr. plum with a revolver
alright just finish being mature on and
then from Shauna and met with brandy and
Julia now I am done with that I probably
have about less than an hour between my
next one damn I could do the other way
outside Oh David's coming see if he gets
good to you
what are you doing here I'm gonna rob
your house you're like the chillest
robber ever oh no he's gonna Rob my
house
what are you doing mine oh no I'm sorry
is it really bad one of this is West
voices Oh Hawaii footage this will be
also late so it doesn't matter - I go
booty shoes I don't take a wearing a
diaper
hey Brittany hey Brittany I think Bart's
take a nap so I think it's about time
that I pay him a little visit
let's go
he probably has a AC on so you can't
even hear anything
bigger wounds old guy
the CUNY potato
you big devil they have a big a big a
proper stinky face you open mouth God
the cuny
yeah he's cherry okay he scared me
that's very mean even though I knew you
were away alone you won't flip me the
mother pick up they go ezel you scare me
big time
are you doing in here he cheating on me
no you're cheating on me in your head
with all your hot girlfriends and the
first part your first car that's gay
it's okay tit the Sun is setting and
it's been at I'm gonna go with these
lovely sexy gals to go get some shadow
cheb
- ha ha for the police and the frying
pan - so Bart's notorious for listening
to songs and nailing the melody but he's
so except the lyrics and it's the
funniest thing just because he makes up
his own lyrics and they're completely
outrageous it's like the funniest things
it could be like a romantic song for
because he sucks at the lyrics he'll be
talking about death and like dying and
something I'm like walnuts talking about
there are pretty outrageous
okay that song everywhere everywhere
alcohol what happened was the rest of
the response beautiful people so it how
does that manga
you're like something your stupid life
yeah
as a Cosmo don't tan tan tan tan tan
tan-tan tan tan-tan tan tan-tan tan
tan-tan tan tan-tan tan tan-tan tan
tan-tan tan tan-tan tan tan-tan tan
tan-tan
the only thing as
oh man forget
hit me coming
I'm not picking my nose what are you
doing then does it looks exactly like
going on I do this like a long hair they
keep tickling me
I'm not taking I'm trying to fire at a
minute it's a little pot here
so once you're married that's what
happens they don't give a shit anymore
the theme don't get married I want it
though don't get married support
why not get me
getting some chef chef dinner the joking
here
he ordered - I'm gonna be got - instead
of just a large it's cheaper and it's
more well so Asian guy that's actually
pretty damn smart is it the large-- is
only ten ounces but because I got two
mediums it's 12 ounces total for five
bucks Chico wait what size is this video
uh
medic smart meds
what did you order just one perfect
timing
where are you coming from
oh thank you were home
it's the beard right when the sun is
shining on everything oh yeah you're
driving you're perfect I mean she's
literally just dropped off your plate
like Baus watt power what are we doing
here Oh what are you doing oh shit
trying to pull a fast one without giving
too much away able to say people head to
toe I just showed a little bit yeah
we'll be outfit yeah so it'll be like Oh
sneak peek just kidding they're the ones
that you've had but this is what we've
been having our meetings with these
bitches and then we're like here on the
floor but then we have these guys
yelling how was your guys's meeting what
did you guys talk about because it looks
like it was just a gun show all day
today Wow well damn enough about what I
was asking thank diesel would you guys
talk about what your gym Oh what did you
means when Jeff wants and how efficient
we can be oh shit that's nice
I have no idea so I need it I need to
shred videos dad is it exciting news
little boy yeah it's fun it's all gonna
build up over the course
here two really big exciting news
planning that's normal right
Oh snaps you look guilty as hell but the
huh
what he's doing weirdo why are you
standing like that this is hard work
hey you know a lot of girls say I
fucking love Nadeem alright it's about
that time I'm gonna go to sleep don't
know what I'm saying and mama I'm tired
so tired look at this
tired eyes
