so it is Sunday morning and I must tell
you weekends are my favorite that's when
I feel the most like a regular person
that just has like you know a
comfortable regular nine-to-five job and
has their weekends off and has their
evenings off like it feels really nice I
feel like a regular person Pez aam
popper doesn't have to go anywhere
look at him he's still here he's here
Mickey Cohen a cafe and then he gets to
spend time with his boy ty cough and
then we get to spend it together as a
family
it's super cuny cuz we even have talks
of it like cooking breakfast in the
morning which we never do cuz we're
always on the go
so we always you know either have our
meal preps or we have different meetings
to attend or we just don't have time to
you know eat breakfast this guy's in a
good mood which is awesome oh and for a
lot of you guys I keep asking me what
this is and where I got it cause you
guys want to get it for your relative or
whatever this thing is called a Boppy
and it's like a pillow but it's invented
where he lays so he's making a very
comfortable position so it's bo-peep ey
i got this from a beauty shower but I
have seen it at Toys R Us and our Babies
R Us sorry not Toys R Us Babies R Us and
then I've seen it on Amazon so right you
like it right yeah he likes it a lot
he's kind of growing out of it look at
that his feet are like dangling off now
which is good cuz he becoming a big boy
he's good but yeah let me see what
Papa's doing so Papa's gonna make Corner
coffee but we also talked about
I gotta stay close to type this cuz I
could still see him I don't leave him
unsupervised so I'll stay here Papa said
he's gonna make what are you gonna make
we bought a whole bunch of stuff I'm
gonna do fromage you know if you know my
references are positive I'm gonna do
promos Dexter's Laboratory he was
learning French and because he's a
little scientist he's always trying to
discover and uncover so in this episode
he cats um he wanted to study for his
French exam so then he did that
no Nickelodeon extras laboratory I don't
remember anymore but anyway was that
okar to network um and then so he
records he has all these lessons on tape
cuz he he he researched and he found out
that the cognitive works really well
while you're sleeping it's still
retaining and working uh so then he put
his French lesson on audio and then he
kept he played it right and I think Dede
his sister did something to tamper with
it I forgot what exactly happens it's
been years in I wash it but basically
what happened was the same phrase just
kept playing over and over and over and
over which was Amna du fromage
alright forgetting well even know what
I'm talking about
you know you've never even think Dexter
rich neither was I only rich kids had
cable or illegal everything okay but we
had the black box yeah all right well
turkey and beef yeah uh no I'll just
take beef
we're making our leftovers yeah I don't
want to get too far away from TECA but
real quick yeah you have some leftover
meat we're just gonna cut it up make
some omelets so we uh save the food it
smells bomb and then maybe I'll make
some pancakes to mentum egg what the let
hey y-yes healthy saves money clean out
the fridge yeah oh and this is also my
favorite look on Papa Bear when he wears
cuz he's always so hot so he never wears
pajamas right now he's wearing his
jammas he's bikini so tyka is on what i
like to cause a little stimulation Matt
so now he's actually reaching for stuff
so remember that little fox I bought him
I makeshift edited here and then I tied
it with a rope or not a rope or a rubber
band so that it doesn't shift move or
fall and this guy's having a blast he's
holding onto the tail with some of my
hair on there sorry and then he's
chewing on the leaf which is meant to be
chewed but it's so funny and then on the
other arm he's holding his shirt and
this is not staged I gave this today I
gave the giraffe only two tyka on his
chest so that he can find the the
smoothie or the sucker or the nipple or
the best fire and then he just ended up
he just ended up hugging it but now he's
just all up on that Fox hobby be all up
on that Fox yes there's a little
stimulation Matt cuz he kicks it and
then when he kicks this all of these
guys move which stimulated his brain and
each one does something different this
has a mirror this has a funny shape and
this again can you squeeze it makes
noise and it's polka-dotted and on the
other side he has a little cat a Sun
mirror and then a little rattle but this
one I think he's more fascinated about
the Fox which I'm glad he is good boy
yeah he's having a good time
look at those legs working out those ABS
good boy alright checking out poppers
progress and he's getting his freakin
chef on over here okay he's got the egg
whites with my just add water shift this
I bought that badge
that's smart cause I got a pump in here
nothing and it's good because I didn't
just the just add water one it's like
pretty low in fat that's why I got it so
yeah he's got his pancake better or not
even better to mix yeah what's his meat
is's and all these vegitables i can't
wait to see what you come up with a
coupla even I know what you're gonna
come up with I'm just gonna literally
make like an omelet oh all right that's
easy
why do I even give him any credit taking
that credit back oh and the coffee's
done to the coffee dad
of course I already had it Joe brought
it to us from I forgot where Oh Paris
was it no I got to Marty and he gave it
you gave it to me and I got it first and
then I forgot to tell you about it and
you found it on your own
all right so I change type into
something a little bit more more more
warmer right now we are in our fall time
so the air is a little bit more crisp a
little bit more cooler so oh and I like
to keep the windows open just so that we
can get some fresh air we got a little
bit cold so now he's wearing his Fox
fleece look at this and he's just
chilling and we are watching transport
on a TV and it seems like Papa Bear
finished his food all right so here's
the final product that the omelet with
the Kunis looking pancakes I have ever
seen because they're so tiny and we keep
Papa's big-ass piece don't forget this
you up there it is
this is gonna be bombs I feel it Papa
doesn't when he cooks stuff it's never
bad unless it's that salt tea a steak
that I blog about like a year back or
two years back that was saltiest
book but for the most part he makes
really yummy food
oh and ketchup oh and sauces balm
honey I brought it instead instead or by
accident okay it's all we do it shall we
there you go so we all gonna eat
together even though he already ate he
ate like an hour ago maybe
all right so we found the syrup we go
with sugar-free low-calorie syrup
because we're on a diet and look at the
nutrition facts 15 calories zero fat and
zero protein but we don't care about
protein right now all right so I'm gonna
hook up the omelet with some homemade
salsa how about you you want them yeah
that's pretty good yeah what that may
not have leftovers
yeah good job baby all right moment of
truth let's try even though I already
know it's gonna be mom you see the
golden brown package they major but
don't look at the other side your mom
okay we're gonna eat now oh I didn't
take this falling asleep Papa and I are
geared up ready to go I'm just a little
drive we got mr. Tyco tyka with this
with his little well I think he's
washing his face
we got him ready to go giraffe and its
trailer but I miss driving so I'm gonna
go for a drive these guys unfortunately
can't come with us but they went for a
redness today huh
we'll take you out later today so we're
on a drive we're on our way back home we
just took a little family trip where we
just like to drive around a specific
neighborhood and then we look at houses
that pertain to that neighborhood
because it's never too early to start
planning
we're already thinking about our second
home so the plan is okay the plan is the
current house that we bought where we're
going to live there five years the magic
number is five magic well the specific
number is five because we're going to
live there until right before Tyga has
to start school and then we're going to
pick a really deal with those small
system to take them to so at that point
we move out to that area where that
school systems at but in the meantime we
just drive around we look at different
neighborhoods we look up different
school districts and then we just like
to fantasize that oh if we lived over
here look at all these trees we want up
here hold about these fellas so we just
like to play pretend and that's a proper
and I just did but we're getting oh yeah
yes we're gonna go back home I make it a
CUNY family time we're gonna go to the
supermarket real quick and there's gonna
be a gamble for us so you know we're
being interrupted I'm being interested
but Tyga is gonna get a shots tomorrow
and I'm like whoo you know what I'd like
we made it two months without type of
getting sick or anything I think it's
okay to take them to a supermarket real
quick to pick up ingredients for dinner
so it's gonna be his first time at the
supermarket be his very first time at a
supermarket um he's locked out right now
but um no car seat
yeah so we're go to market and pick up
some ingredients because we want to make
hamburgers and possibly pizza you're not
sure you depends if we can make it
diet friendly yes that's where we're
headed right we just got home and this
boy is out I just woke up he's so cute I
love looking at him wake up cuz he has
these little eyes that open damn it's
locked
hey babe unlock the door Oh still stuck
in there oh if things do stuff I
can't I can't blog and let's go good boy
good boy oh the sun's bright half I will
get you inside look it's a puppy family
it's a puppy family what the hell okay
move move move move move move move good
boy
what a warm reception you guys love them
so much huh
so CUNY don't have any food to cook here
and because we've been so busy during
the week it's just always easier to have
someone else cook but before I can even
get eat because the food just got here I
have to make sure that I hold his hands
down cuz they scare him and he just fell
asleep on me so it's good that he just
fell asleep it's not so good because a a
cheater cheater oh come to mama
mmm that's a deep-fried pickle not very
diet for me most so bad we're gonna eat
now
That's not me it's us getting do you
order it's up to mm-hmm so dumb I don't
mean to eat down all that coming it
happen all right so the night's coming
to an end got some work done cuz I put a
tiger to burn that's what's going on in
the bedroom right now
so put him to bed now fortunate enough
to get some work done so I'm wrapping it
up now thank you so much for watching
hope you guys are having a beautiful day
