Hey and like Joe's already gone hey Mike
super hello hey barking come back to
pixie yeah what are you talking about
are we even allowed to talk about talk
about what I don't know what you're
talking about what are they talking
about why am i here on the side girl in
this house
is there life inside like oh you have to
mess up my chest market business I was
being a meanie enough Rick what are you
guys talking about
a web series that were planning out for
the bar productions team
oh cool how's that coming along good we
had one official meeting me and some
other meeting on it for about two weeks
just you're in there and that we were
talking about it but we officially had
our first meeting yesterday and came up
with a high five in the outline the
amount of work that's been done if you
guys been meeting for two weeks times
like guys only met 30 seconds each time
that's pretty accurate
it's an awesome integer okay what are
you up to um like what what are trying
to get together like what give it up in
the mullet Oh
there's a dog petting fest going on
they love affection there's a funny
German Shepherd shed a lot that's what
they're known to do baby yeah German
shepherds
darkus are you ready oh just about we
got a bounce running out of time dan
you've swiftly no all right behave kids
we're off to film stuff today
I think we're crazier than these to go I
know but I know I know they always have
to know good especially with a team
around he's always up to no good
no sir I've always been good yeah right
yeah right see you guys later my workout
this morning was actually pretty good
today is the first day since I've been
out in recovery that it felt really
normal so I've been out for about a
month and a week now because of food
recovery um so when I was hitting my
workout set it actually felt like I'm
back to more I didn't feel any sort of
big-time discomfort like there's some
stuff here and there but it's more
mobility and just tight muscles opposed
to my implants are about to creep out of
my chest when you think and I get back
to your normal strength uh well for
squats I feel like I can get back to my
normal strength in about two weeks yeah
um and then my deadlifts I haven't
played with any
lift so I'm not sure what to expect from
that with me
but then bench I felt like bench is
going to take me a few months to get
back
well that's exactly what the surgery is
on right yeah on their chest
it's on my chest so today today I
actually got to Mister on with the bar
I use the women's bar which is 25 pounds
opposed to just the regular bar that I
use which is 45 pounds I was just
filling it out filling out the mobility
filling out if I felt any sort of pain
if there was going to be like any
pectoral muscle discomfort because
that's where the boobs are on top of
actually underneath and on top of my
pectoral muscles so it's the implant
sandwiched kinda then there's like the
muscle went so the boob went under the
muscle and the rest of the picture
almost is underneath it oh cool so um
how did it feel when you were mentioned
with the women's bar it's so like a lot
it was super tight around here because
of the mobility yeah I didn't feel that
being that I normally felt
I didn't feel my pecs shifting or move
or like the PEC moving the bag with
implant very much but it did feel very
weak so maybe it could be all mobility
and once I fix that mobility I'll be
back to normal but I have to just take
it easy
they do look very sexy these days oh
because of my boobs
now you always look sexy my brows tell
these things that's what I always say
you know that I always come up I'm so
hungry these days okay
I don't know you know that I've been
saying that like the past seven years
oh I was going mom / I love you these
days I don't know this just because you
just said it right now
so because we're talking about my boobs
and you said these days I could only
help the think that's if you
but I do think you're very sexy these
days
look him up yeah I'm just trying to
understand your weird-ass English it
just seemed kind of sad or something
what the fuck what are you talking about
I'm doing food compared to you no you're
not you're like I wrote a guy a buddy on
med even though I was just horny but now
that I know I'm like goddamn that was
disgusting I think a lot of it was your
upbringing too like you're like breaking
out of it
you're like breaking out of your shell
now which is reliable broke out of that
shit is my approach so many open like
like yo 7s your house like if you want
to do it a long time in like oh that's
more making sure that it yeah I mean I
think it's good the first time
god damn alright so what I learned today
is that Gio lost her virginity in a
public bathroom very clean by the land
university and she was riding down fuck
out of her boyfriend uh did he put the
toilet seat over now so that really
surprised me that you're you're able to
take control of the situation cuz most
people I think we lose your virginity
it's the guy doing a missionary style
cuz you should the girl that's like okay
fine you get to have sex with me she's
laying about the type of person I am I'm
not like a timid little girl like when I
want something I want it I get it
yeah but I didn't know it's gonna be
with a university professor in the
bathroom
was my boyfriend at the time we were
together for three years when it
happened okay
okay and it was in a nursing department
and everyone knows that nobody goes to
the nursing department in this
particular school so the toilets are
always the cleanest and it's AC so it's
super comfortable nobody's there at
super-dead so it was highly calculated
it was very clean and sanitary thank you
very much guys planned it out like how'd
you do in like oral sex yeah I think so
so like you really ready yeah like set
to go yeah where where and when was your
first time having sex
it was our one-year anniversary we had
been together for a year I was 16 he was
15 and um I work radio Rawdon now I
worked at a restaurant that was attached
to a hotel room so that's why we were
able to get the hotel room even though
we weren't 18 so I had one of my
co-workers get it for us I had a
discount anyway so we ordered Chinese
food we had a bottle ship why Chinese
food because it was our favorite thing
to eat and we would like every month on
our month-aversary we would go to
Chinese food oh cool and so I ordered
from that restaurant and because was our
year and then we watched 8 mile
I brought my brothers PlayStation 2 and
we watched 8 mile and then we tried to
do it and it was really fucking hard and
so I it was hard well he was hard and
then I probably made him soft because I
was like this hurts too much like I
can't do it and then he was like joking
about it feeling good and be like oh
it's so good and he was like dry humping
my leg and then it just kind of like
made me laugh
and then it's ready to go in and then I
was like oh this actually feels pretty
so after you laughed and went in yeah
Oh crazy just been kind of my dating
pattern after a guy makes me laugh then
we you know what goes in that's pretty
awesome so for all you guys out there if
you want to get into a girl just make
her laugh they get all wet and then it
goes in pretty much yeah
really yeah pretty much is that the way
to your heart to Julia yeah Tommy makes
you laugh and then he sticks his
Vietnamese a role in you hmm interesting
all right so we were talking about
blowjobs and stuff and Nikki said that
she did a lot of research on Google
about blowjobs can you give me your top
three blowjob tips
certain low you know work work it up you
know build attention I like that yeah
attention in the skin
yeah well the tension in the sexual
tension
she's gonna yeah so don't just put all
the way in the mouth like so just like
go to town right away yeah look you
didn't like really like make eye contact
that's another tip make eye contact and
then like tease the winner base and then
get it like super wet and like you like
make it really sexy normally slow and
then put the whole thing sounds like
good advice yeah sounds like that really
good advice
do you agree oh shit Oh what were you
doing what were you doing this whole
time what the hell I could be present I
know I turned you guys oh my god be
present if she said it I agree yes what
about you Julie do you agree that was
the perfect facial expression like what
the fuck is going on
so Niki is giving the blowjob advice
what's your top blowjob advice to all
the people out there
Tommy's like I get it good uh just not
one tip high contact you can't say the
same she that Nikki says oh oh okay fine
maybe I need to just be eye contact and
burns it um I think starting off really
slow ah
we read the same blog and then the third
one I just I guess do whatever that you
found would be pleasurable guy mmm that
time is like yep oh she got it right
whatever she does it works okay whatever
she does I can't contain myself oh yes
like
ah that's true
got a build-up to that for dinner Danna
what are we talking about what it feels
like dinner
it's 5:30 but this is actual our lunch
miss my breakfast we're at was Joe's
breakfast right Mandarin noodle house to
get some traditional Mandarin Chinese
cuisine and for appetizer we got some
seaweed with garlic this one of my
favorite yeah ooh beef noodle soup
okay and also the other appetizer is
this shredded bean curd which is
promised now and I have to show you guys
this before we finish this oh yeah beef
noodle soup baby
naki that is delicious
look look at that I love the scheme you
got stewed brisket got green onions we
also ordered what your other stuff
hasn't come out yet but I'll show you
when it does the next dish came out and
it's spicy pig ear and Joe actually put
me onto this I've never really tried it
before
but it's really good and every time I
eat noodles I always have to hook myself
up with the napkin bib I don't know why
but I'm a messy eater and all my clothes
get ruined with oil droplets but I get
it even when I'm like eating fine
everything yeah so I got to protect my
clothes clothes protector how's your
noodles Joe you took
see also what about yours bed oh sorry I
got distracted
how are you noodles been well anyways we
got preserved egg with tofu
we got dumplings all of our food came
out and look I told you I was messy I
got the oil stains better gonna tected
me now we're gonna have a full workup on
Chinese Thanksgiving look at that look
at that I guess hey do you like the
preserved egg with tofu babe what is
bomb what about you Julia
deserve egg with tofu only sometimes
preserve Oh
I didn't move not because our necks
really meeting okay like that oh yeah
hey Tommy what's up what exactly are you
doing over there you have a hard drive
freakin server machine you have a
computer you have headphones on whatever
you're doing seems extremely legit and
very digital god damn yeah like a USB
port or something what exactly are you
doing on the other end
I am Bradley Facebook just doing
Facebook me what do you do what do you
do what do you what's going on on this
end when we're filming over here what do
you do
really why No oh yeah okay I really want
to know so what I do on this end is
organize all the footage make sure all
the sound quality good to go and if
there's any flaws in the audio or in the
recording I bring it up and we schedule
to reshoot certain topics if it ever
happens and then after that I distribute
all the footage out to auditors oh so
that's what the hard drives for yeah
this is this
towards everything that we need to do at
the same time I'm also editing
multitasking so you you organize and
distribute all the after feels footage
and then you edit JK films uh
adventures and stuff on that little hard
drive yep close over the hard drive
looks old
and part of this one this one looks like
a fucking one says number two in here
this is our call our second hard drive
that we ever ordered as a company yep oh
shit and then this is probably this is
the probably number five that Devon has
the first one he doesn't definitely
original engine oh yeah he's the guy
Devon's the guy uh where we did the JK
news episode where David makes fun of
him about complaining about a six-pack
and he just has to do it back yeah he's
a humble brighter just does backflips
all day and then he added himself into
the episode I was really funny I really
liked it
good job better what about you who Leah
Montoya
ah what's going on on this end of your
computer what the hell is other iTunes
no this is a VLC media player so this is
where I play all the audio files for the
voice messages that you guys send us and
I also have a word document that's open
so if you have see I have your file
names the who announces it what take
number it is like what organized
what does voicemail is about and then
who's gonna be on the thumbnail so these
are pretty much my notes so I literally
just posted a picture yep about ask the
fields on my IG and then one comment
said hey I submitted back in July when
are you guys gonna talk about it well
what are the reasons of why you may not
have picked it or or what how could it
have been like filtered out okay so I
get probably about a hundred and a 100 a
day
boy smells a day I see you my email just
explode on my phone all the time pull
this shit and so one time like I checked
the email it's already like I don't know
how many I was in the box with me let me
pull it up but usually it's a lot of
voice messages that I would have to
listen to and then sometimes the things
I pay attention to is what the question
is really asking for
that's it on the show and then another
one would be sound quality cuz like if
we can't hear that shit we can't talk
about that shit
it's no good like sometimes I mean I
understand if you guys want to kind of
keep your questions private and not have
everybody else in the house hear you but
it's really difficult to to hear your
voice message especially if you have
really loud music in the back and you're
whispering really close to your phone or
your computer like it's still hard to to
listen so if we have like clean audio
that's perfect
some audios may pass because like the
question is really good well other than
that it's just like there's a lot of
questions are very similar yeah
sometimes we do uh topics where
literally sounds like someone's in the
middle of the street cuz we're on the
lunch break and they're dying to figure
out what's the best way to eat pussy and
they don't want their co-workers to find
out what's going on sonica EDM concert
yeah yeah mmm that's good to know that's
good to know
what did you have to drink over there um
my favorite and my go-to tea which is on
Green Mill team from tea brick I loved
it from tea brick it's so good
refreshing super light not too sweet and
it keeps me ants fall Anthes fuck more
than a Red Bull yeah well this is more
of a subtle anthis yeah I need a punch
in the face right away then it's Red
Bull but if I need a gradual like what's
a subtle and I'm claiming you know a
mess I need the gradual like um energy
that like slowly comes in with every
like sip of this tea
then it's this one but this one lasts
way longer than any Red Bull I think I'm
going to be up to like 4:00 in the
morning with this guy and the thing I
got a second one a second one while you
have a lot of work I do
no I just like to different ones holy
shit my second go-to is a Christine or
the fruit tree cousin I want my number
one baby in the luvs the normal like the
number one point five babe mm-hmm what
are you drinking the black tea like
green tea black beatific wait Julia you
told everyone yeah dude Julia text me
show the hate girl you want any teen I'm
like yeah the black green tea and she's
like thank you like wait you mean the
black tea or the honey
green tea time like I don't know I suck
at to life the CTE life hashtag tea life
yes look I'm just like the one without
milk yeah you gotta be Asian enough read
all that shit out let you see my camp
like my phone though yeah god damn it
so Jill got this new phone case and
she's been showing every single person
in the universe no Club I wasn't
sponsored either it was fuckin cute as
shit so a fun fact is anything that's
pink and glitters I'm all over it
and another fun fact Jill just bought
another phone case and she was raving
and ranting about how much she loved it
it's a leather phone case and tiff knows
what the hell I'm talking about and all
of a sudden she dumped that one she
dumped that one for this one about
focuses and me go tell him how many
focuses do you need per phone
she gave me when she oh my god cuz I
have a fight right well yeah give it to
the six she gave me like six or her
phone cases on my quick shit I would
never use all of these how many phone
cases do you need babe but this one I
think I have four now and why dear one
why do you need somebody phone cases
yeah I like to change it up I don't like
the same shit over and over again oh god
damn
are you I use the same one since I look
at this why don't you give joy your
leather one oh that's like a snow globe
yeah I didn't do one if you thought of
the fire I could give you one of the
many that she's given me yeah look at me
mine's a fucking purse what is that
what's that on your hand hand eyes are
like a cock a stain
what's he'll add henna um I forgot it
mr. Hamid I don't remember if it's a
seed but I do remember that she said it
comes from something called nanka it
just looks like a brown crayola marker
they used to use this to diet the woman
you should use this to dye their hair
cuz it's all natural so they would put
henna in their hair to dye it but it
just doesn't last as long and it's not
as fast I was like the find the box
ready to go ones that we bought that we
have now and then she also felt like
there's eucalyptus in in it's really
healthy for your skin only the parts
that's marked right so everything
outside of that design is fucked up
really Indian lady no Ansel I went up to
the henna booth and I had always been
curious about except never gotten henna
before and uh I was just checking it all
Michael this is cool you know okay let's
move and so as soon as we were about to
keep going the girl that did this on
makes you think oh you are you
interested in anything or just looking
I'm like oh no I'm just looking and then
she's like wait are you Tiffany from
just kidding me oh you watch it don't
thanks for watching
she's a can you know just choose
anything you want you know I'll hook you
up and I'm like real cool did she really
hook you up you should give me a
discount
oh yeah cuz she said this would be worth
like 50 like 40 50 bucks cuz it's so
intricate machine it up having to pay 20
what's the deal she hooked it up so
shoutouts to alleged hook up as in hook
up at me or some people say hook up as a
discount yeah you know you never know
yeah she she clarified though she's I'd
hook you
the discount oh yeah I mean she's still
gotta make your baby I'll hook you up
with a full price so Bart yep we just
finished filming as the fields yes and
for people that don't know what as the
fields is it's this sex and relationship
advice and story sharing channel and
there's a lot of times where you and I
have to reveal a lot of intimate details
from our past yeah for instructional
purposes for instructional purposes not
to boast or not to make the other person
feel like shit I'm pretty sure it's not
full full when we share those Affairs is
hardest right um but how does it make
you feel hearing about my past
experiences with other meals oh that's a
very good question actually thank you
you don't like I didn't because we've
been with each other for so long and
we're so comfortable with each other and
I really love you for who you are I feel
like all your past relationships make
you who you are
and because of that I have no problem
talking about like you like this guy
with a big-ass dick and then this guy
who lately talked about your boyfriend
about your ex-boyfriend hook you can put
two hands and you have big hands or
hasn't quite the size of my hands and
his big still popped out like this punch
and then you had another boyfriend who
can have sex come and immediately key
having sex and I don't have any of those
superpowers but you know at the end of
the day you're still with me and you
love me and you married me
EEE so because of that like I don't feel
insecure I don't feel uncomfortable to
me it's just like you telling me about
all I used to go rollerblading I had my
favorite roller but it was like this so
it made you who you are today and so I
am completely comfortable talking to
by your past and I think that's what
makes a successful relationship where
people don't judge each other for what
they've done because they know what
they've done is what makes up the person
that they love today and they have the
acceptable people yep
I agree a hundred percent um let me get
this on so for me I've like before Bart
I've always been or not always been but
you know like every person out there you
do have your insecurities and whatnot
and I never knew what type of I guess
sexual person I was if I was good if I
was bad or whatever so anytime I would
hear about my current partners like I
guess past at at that phase in my life
because I feel much more for like 10
years but when I would hear it back in
the day I would feel kind of intimidated
a big so I'm like damn I hope I can live
up to those standards and college I was
like that yeah like I don't want to hear
about it like I want like I just felt
like they they're my property was
already tainted like by someone else and
I hated that thought but I'm just like
what part was saying it's like whatever
happened in his past
like that's those um memories those
experiences it is what made a molded
part to be the part of today and if he
hadn't had those things happened to him
or if he hadn't experienced what he did
then who knows and who's to say that
what I actually even fall in love with
the part that I have today and that
coupled with the fact that we're married
now and we've been together I mean
marriage doesn't even matter at this
point but the fact that we've loved each
other for so long like I hear the
stories and I hear his sexual
experiences but it never once bothered
me because I'm like well at the end of
the day you're with me right now so I'm
fulfilling all that needs fulfilling in
your life or else you wouldn't be with
me right now so it's actually really
exciting and it's it's really
interesting to hear these stories that
he has cuz I'm just like oh why I can't
picture you doing these things or what
like I'm actually even curious to see
what that looks like I know that's kind
of taking it to an extreme level but
that's kind of the mindset that I go
into and I hear his stories it's just
it's very interesting for me because I'm
just like that's not my Bart like that
is another bar from another bar from
like another life that I'm like all cool
like he could be easily talking about
his friend because that's how I'm
viewing it like I don't view it as
that's my bar you know uh I just
realized that um there's a there's a
real I just realized that there's a
secret that I kept from you and it's not
even because I purposely but it's
because it's a thought that I wanted to
get rid of and then I did end up getting
rid of it so now it doesn't even bother
me anymore but it's something I never
told you
oh no why did you save it tonight cause
you didn't think about it think about it
oh no okay they came up so we first got
together rail so when we first got
together like we were friends before we
got together our friends yeah so I knew
of some of your ex-boyfriends that you
had right yeah I know them personally
and and the blanket that we use today
I'm sure you've had sex with them in
those blankets the blankets that we use
today I'm sure oh don't comforter right
yeah so a lot of people when they first
get together they like to have clean
sheets or they move in they get clean
sheets cuz they like they don't want any
of the other person's juices from both
ends they want they want to start fresh
yeah
and in the beginning when we first
started going together started dating
and I would use the blanket and in my
mind I'm like oh fuck she's fucked other
guys in the same blanket before it's
really comfortable she fucked other guys
in this blanket before and on my too
does that not other guys one other one
other guy what does it really matter
yeah it's still great fuck other guys
you know and I'm like oh fuck
why kind of bothers me a little bit and
it's almost like you know when you date
someone new and you go in their room and
they're still Brendan PSA's right past
relationship like little memories here
and there and then it but then I would
start to think to myself am ia myself
fucking bitch made that I'm gonna let
this affect me and then because it
bothered me but in my opinion I thought
it was so bitch made to let these things
affect me that I started to suppress it
and eventually I was able to get over it
and completely clear
in my mind and until this day we still
use that blanket and now we're married
and it doesn't it didn't bother me it
doesn't bother me at all
that's awesome I mean I'm sure it had
those thoughts to you because more so
because you actually lived on your own
for so many years so you had way more
freedom than I did growing up you know
what I mean so I mean I don't think I
had thoughts like that like oh shit like
girls have been in here or whatever um
just because I knew that was the truth
and I mean I even saw you having sex you
know so um Jill actually saw me having
sex yeah I did before I did this is when
we were homies and I like kind of like
walked in on them and I believe this one
on the vlog if you guys are interested
in this lettuce on the contrary and then
another vlog will tell you the whole
story how me and Jill double dated yeah
she was another guy I was another girl
and she walked in on me having sex yeah
um so yeah so I had that and then the
fact that you lived alone and you dated
and like I knew I even knew of the girls
that you were dating and um I guess
because I had so many visuals and things
that I I guess I just kind of like threw
that out the window cuz I was just I
don't know I don't know if i was like
confident with myself or if I was just
so happy to be with you but I I don't
feel like my mind went there like we're
like oh man she like hooked up with
other girls in this bed or on these like
I don't think I thought that's different
though moving in is different no no not
moving in but just like because you
lived on your own like you had more
opportunities to create more memories in
your room in your bed with them yeah but
for me like I didn't I didn't have it
like that so I didn't have the freedom
so um I just felt like it was kind of
imbalanced in that way like it wasn't
fair like we're both going into it like
fairly um but if anything I just was
hoping that I was just enough for you
that's all
but yeah this show is really cool
because it shows how much sure we both
are to be able to be so open about sex
in our pasts because it actually feels
really comfortable there are times where
I do catch myself like oh I don't I
don't want to share that like I don't
want you to feel bad about I don't want
you to feel insecure or or I mean I'm
just so used to other people not being
mature enough to handle you know the
past but I mean it is the past and it
did happen it'd be foolish to deny
anything um so I try to like overlook
that and try to be as open as possible
with with Bart for sure that's cute yeah
can we were married it's crazy
right one gonna we're still in the car
here he got home on the never though
Oh
