okay so got a package which I already
open just like this and we all know what
the smile means Amazon right so then not
thinking too much I open this package
and I opened this and it there's a
letter inside and it's from a fan it
says hi Giovanna congratulations to you
and Bart wish you happy life to the end
of days I'm a big fan for both of you I
love you both
peace the law of the land and Bart is
always talking about the law of the land
he always makes up his rules about the
law of the land anyway and then it says
from mos Moss and so I open this package
like so I never sit a bit and this is
really really pretty packaging in here
see the details so cute okay still not
thinking much and I see it's an Amazon
gift card yay right but look at the
amount look at that
$500 I mean I I'm so grateful and
thankful and happy but at the same time
I'm just like why would you do this oh
my goodness I I feel I'm very happy and
moved by the fact that I mean you love
us this much and and you feel like you
know you needed to give us something for
our wedding but five hundred dollars
like even if it was five dollars I would
have been like what oh my god cuz just
you going out of your way riding the
know going through Amazon just you even
thinking about a wedding present for us
was already a present in itself but the
fact that it's five hundred dollars like
a part of me is hoping that it was some
sort of like typo and maybe you meant to
put five dollars and you just you added
too many like one too many zeros or two
too many zeros
oh my god but thank you so much like I'm
I'm speechless and this is just so great
and and thank you thank you so much
thank you really thank you
so my homegirl married either the blue
yesterday text me and she says girl you
have to watch the house at the end of
time I don't know why she felt compelled
to tell me to watch this movie cuz we've
never really discussed movies and I've
never really told her how afraid of
scary movies I am so I look up the
premise and it looks it she'd so she
says it's not a scary movie it's more of
a thriller so I'm like oh okay I'm down
to watch it so now we are its what time
is it right now it's um it's 1006 that's
my boy Tyson so 1006 and I pulled it up
on Netflix and Bart what is what is it
what does it read the house at the end
of time and if you look at that movie
cover this is not a thriller this is a
strain of horror film like at the moment
I saw this artwork I started to get
chills and I got goose bumps on me look
at that face it's just like my my body
just feels cold now I don't know where
well the easties on so what does it read
after spending 30 years in prison a
tormented woman returns to her family
home to confront the mysterious and
deadly curse that led to her arrest
Nadeem oh there's something right there
look at the window babe there's someone
outside the window look maybe how do you
feel about this
all the last scary movie watched the
comedy these scare easily
I don't even try to scare him and I
always get I thought what I was told for
sure this is a I think it's from like
our genre that's the first I know I
don't know what she's trying to do to it
first was horrible it's not gonna be
good it's not gonna be good then the
Netflix are pretty are pretty accurate
there's only to the rating system here
is pretty good way to start so that
means are gonna watch them that
something else do you wanna I'm down to
not watch it let's watch it during the
daytime know when do we have time during
the day watched are you really this
scared after what wait a minute wait a
minute
are you scared me no then why do you
don't want to watch it you never gave a
shit about Ana theme house to work li I
always give a shit about I care about
home swear I swear on her marriage that
you're not scared no it's got a little
bit about my scare scare I'm still down
to watch everyone wants to watch it are
you scared
no yeah word upon the Dean look at all
the covers are there nor a seal then
barricades Spoon River Blackrock
abandoned mine the whole day archival
253 none of them who's this new baby
where's the fucking remote it's in my
phone and Mary just texted me go back go
back to that or you think it's Mary or
maybe it's the girl from the house at
the end of the time watch go back hold
on there
what about it that is the scariest
artwork out of everything that we see
there so what do you want me to do it so
you don't want to watch it you want to
watch it you tell me do you want to
watch it
she said watched it last night again
enjoy do you want to watch it I'm
writing holy fuck
it looks scary
would you want to watch it you tell me
are you scared
haha sorry gonna vote to not watch this
and watch what we're playing on watch it
I watch it I watch it I'm down fine yeah
it's gonna be bad it's gonna be a bad
movie well like a bad movie in terms of
that writing or bad I'm fighting both
because there's only two stars oh maybe
the shit outta people were like fuck
this so you want to do final you could
me make the cause this is now watch it
watch it in there okay
cutting you better not force me to watch
something happy after every time after I
watch something dark you always forced
me to watch something happy you better
not I got a train tomorrow anything to
watch one thing so you better choose
wise it's gonna be this
in the rate of eggs
all right name is started
they're a
yeah I know you're you know what's gonna
happen
the Dean pay attention I'm gonna
confiscate your phone
confiscate your phone give me your phone
we'll post it later we're experiencing
this together look what could happen
because you hadn't be on your smartphone
oh you want to do I know this connect
give me give me I want to experience it
together get me out come on I thought we
were is give me can be awesome
Persephone no it's done a clip you're
related buffer with the fuck the pauses
are scaring me you close a Korean
melody come on I'm not on my phone to be
on my phone you see this alright ready
ready ready this is fun this is fun guys
bitch that's already lit see you
why are you going in there why do they
always do that why why why
it was well-lit where she was it was
perfectly fine
fucking Mary
the boy
Hey
okay yeah okay
Justin queen
and she is ballsy as fuck dude she
already knows her sickness will again
what this is not a house
I fucking hate this just let me see
everything in front of me know that boys
climb live your life
funny
funny
le de los angeles ante los cabos
evidences que la cosa comas escena de
Jose Hernandez yes we go reporter
Grande's statistic Narada will convene
and Aravena massive allocation
that's my son
people even under my entertaining Camila
and Osaka photos like us at home but if
he's okay
yes
yeah
I think fun fills our wives she gets
good
we owned a committee meeting is not for
cheap allowing plants Rho your provision
again you see the pioneers as
entertainment
no signal is underway
Hey
nobody tell you little bit Nina all
right
I'd rather to watching
an additional category satiate easily
died without a Vidya asus4 the Apostle
it was a much older
if you sit on the other side it
the worst report okay they kept quite
okay to me
I don't think I'm pointing out senator
it's time to die bitch
your night okay
oh no poor baby
Alitalia No
I know that the peak of everything hold
on makes exactly where we kind of watch
it we couldn't finish watching it yeah
we can't we just got the dude so we kind
of desert to follow this rule if this is
Friday night I'd be down to watch it
it's watching our clothes then god
you're such a big baby communication god
damn i freakin hearts about the flat
what happened to the little boy though
never madniks you n/bar protect you
can't even believe Mary watch this
device
very stop every car you'd rather watch
something that's historical and learn
about history
Oh
I'm glad we didn't watch enough of it
for it to like stay with us though
stop you tickling my foot there's a lot
of we watch the scariest 10 minutes of
my life
this craziest movie that made it all so
much and you kept screaming the whole
time well that's funny cuz that proof
right over there that you were the only
one that screamed how was it for you it
was pretty scary my heart was like ah it
was like it was gonna jump out of its
chest and there's like just the
stupidest house every fucking door
needed a key she needed a key for every
drawer it's like come on and then
they'll be at the door and the fucking
handles moving all crazy and then like
she would call for a person's name and
no one respond like if I was in this
house and I saw that door I'm not going
crazy oh babe and she doesn't respond
and I thought the demon if the Divas
responded that handle still went
immediately grabbing the samurai sword
I'm gonna stab it through the door
there's no one is saying a single word
but for her she keeps thinking it's
still her husband even though she she
saw him walk away yeah like she's still
like yelling people's names it's like
motherfucker
it's already haunted you should pull the
gun out and just start blasting away
yeah same thing I still feel like this
heavy feeling on my chest like I can't
even breathe for shit and I want to
fucking die right now but it is narcos
has five stars and we decided to choose
a to star show over five stars yeah but
what with bringing a better emotion out
of you that oh yeah this one's sure
alright well fine
well we
to make it pass I think like the first
10 20 minutes Salander keep going
alright well I'll be adding the footage
of what actually went down
there's my bear hey ma bear I know why'd
you shut all over me look at that
did you hurt you
