look at these cute little puppies what
are you here funny who's at the door
oh now you're stretching all of a sudden
what and you're gonna sneeze and I got a
smile you were so focused on the door
who was out there
no one brickies just happy she doesn't
care about anything
who's out there you smell her here's
something don't you nuts over there what
do you hear
nothing are you just tripping brig is so
happy look how happy go lucky she is
she's just wagging her tail having a
good time oh honey is happy too you big
cutie you know I'm the other day I was
just reading articles about YouTube and
YouTube creators and stuff and then I
came across this article about the
controversy with PewDiePie so if you
guys don't know PewDiePie I believe at
the time if he's not even if he's not it
right now at the time he was the number
one most subscribed YouTube channel he
still could be right now and he's like I
don't know 30 million subscribers some
stupid insane number and there's this
report that came out in 2014 about how
he made for 4 million just off accents
so with no sponsors no merchandising no
other brand deals or stuff like that
just based off of his views he made four
million dollars and when I read that I
was oh shit this fucking tight that the
top guy and the YouTube food chain or in
the YouTube industry is making hella
crop and that gives a lot of hope and
it's very inspiring to us smaller
channels and even though JK films JK
news were on our way to 2 million
compared to 30 million
we're still like super far away you know
it's almost the same thing as like a lot
of people they view us being in YouTube
with one
subscribers like you made it it's kind
of like saying okay you're on the Los
Angeles Lakers yeah if I'm a bench
player PewDiePie is Kobe Bryant you know
and Oh who's coming back
oh mama bear came back is that what you
said Stefani finding was looking out the
door she was so alert like someone was
coming out like no one was there no but
I should have believed her she knows it
was friendly oh no not yet I'm just
vlogging I'm just talking about stuff so
anyways um so yeah so like even though
we had like a million subscribers that's
like being a bench player on the Lakers
and PewDiePie
he's like Kobe Bryant and so Cory Bryant
of course inspires an entire team to
want to achieve better and probably a
bunch of other players and all the other
teams so to me that was an extremely
happy feeling but oh shit he made four
mil on just his Adsense but then when uh
when I was reading more about the
article and other articles regarding
that a lot of his fans were actually
hella pissed like they all got they got
so mad at my you made four million
dollars you're a fuckin sellout I'm not
gonna watch you anymore I'm gonna
unsubscribe and that just blew my mind I
was like wait what I thought you're his
fans and you're his subscriber why would
you wish
negativity upon him like I'm a big fan
of the rock you know and the more movies
he does the happier I get the more money
he makes the more kids he had like
anything that is positive in his life it
makes me happy the last thing I want to
see him is be homeless so that kind of
tripped me out I was like what like why
would you wish ill upon someone and it
was so controversial to the point where
PewDiePie had to explain himself on
reddit where he goes oh you know what I
spend more money on charity than I do
myself this is how I spend my money and
I'm like that's awesome and all
and and you're great for for spreading
their wealth and helping out a lot of
charitable organizations but he doesn't
have to explain that to anyone you know
that's his money what he wants to do
with his money it's only his business
there's no one else's business if he
wants to be a cool guy and adopt kids or
a few wants to donate the money that's
on him if he wants to spend it on
alcohol day and as long as it does it
hurt anyone else but him
go ahead like it's his money it doesn't
matter if you make a dollar or if you
make four million or even 40 million
it's like Mayweather for example that's
what makes a fuckin shit ton of money
and he makes so much money that when he
flies from place to place he doesn't
even bring luggage because he thinks
that he's just gonna buy brand new
luggage and clothes over there and he
makes his money and the only person that
has a right to tell me what to do with
his money is him and the part that I
guess bothered me the most was his it
was his fans that were the most negative
like usually like if you're a fan of
someone that usually people that talk
shit about Mayweather they aren't his
fans it's the people that don't like
them they're probably Pacquiao fans or
some other people fans and they talk
shit but the part that like that
bothered me or not even bothered me but
made me like think for a little bit and
or took me back was it's his very own
fans that were talking shit oh my dude
that's so fucked up you know that's I
guess that was just something that uh I
was just thinking about I mean what do
you guys think how would you guys feel
if like I'm how would you guys feel if
your best friend you know just started
succeeding went to medical school or if
your best friend became a Grammy
award-winning artist and then went
multi-platinum and then made millions of
dollars or if you had a or any friend or
even me for that matter if I just
started doing even better and and just
kept going higher and higher and higher
if I became an astronaut or something
like would you guys be like yo you know
what
getting into NASA that was it now you
want to go to the moon
dude that is fucked up that's so asian
parenting that's our asian parents are
they put you in piano and then when you
tell them you want to be an actual
professional classical pianist no no no
no no no you have to go back to the
school yeah let me know that just that
just like you know I don't even know the
worst where it kind of took me back a
little brother wow that's crazy
it's his fans his fans were the ones
it's like dude how can his fans be so
fuckin spineless and just switch back
and forth like that like don't even call
yourself a fan if you're gonna turn her
back on the dude you know like that's
crazy
the freeway Nick wicked it's gonna break
your neck and then you're gonna kill me
who who this guy yeah well what did he
do he did why do I find that hard to
believe
I feel like you came in here by yourself
then why does it look so comfortable
look you got out so easily huh how did
you get out so easily I'm pretty sure
you jump back in by yourself I'm pretty
sure you jump back in by yourself I saw
you get up all the way then you fell
backwards mm-hmm
bricky
britain catch you crazy just that hands
how when are
okay
right now he's doing once a week so we
be plans it's only four months of well
this was like the over the overview for
it I don't want to date yeah I know you
were thinking about two two maybe two
three times a day
what are you guys talking about
Oh for the barbel brigade Instagram
oh cool is this the team right here yes
they call me is there anything else just
looking at it from the macro perspective
that I should know because then what
will happen the next conversation is
gonna be about like getting one to think
oh how are we gonna do the apparel
Haruna there's nothing else I mean we
wanted to keep it relatively simple so
that when we look at it okay and then if
we were to have more times in one day
and if we could simply have like same
data set template we can shift the
template yeah for the second post and we
can even ship it for the third so
they're just kind of like overlaid or
whatever if that makes sense but yeah it
makes sense okay so this is just for
Instagram are you guys doing
I seems like I'm bothering them
seems like I'm Bob and then so I'm gonna
leave and I'm gonna come over here you
see what these guys are doing you guys
doing over here for no reason no I
dropped it
oh you need more chopsticks there in the
kitchen you can grab mother oh yeah
what are you doing so I'm Dusen what
really yeah what kind of work do some
coaching stuff right now
what do you coach I do some macros which
is dying oh cool yeah I sent you your
numbers thank you thank you
is it like 200 fats and 800 carbs I wish
what is it
it means like eggs and stuff oh that's
good fuck yeah yes how much cars if it's
fast I put it on three seven five cards
oh fuck this is more I know it is
what's the protein like 200 okay and
then what about you see send me two sets
of macros right you know just in case
you have and flip okay
that's the slip-up thing that's a
slip-up dick you know what's the regular
days and things like 64 five and then
414 cards is it bad if I do slip up days
every day cuz it egos the same Clark we
know it's okay okay I'm gonna do this
slip of day every day
yeah thank you
what's going on over here
whoa what are you eating well Loco it's
Playa poyo poyo
what do you get from poor Loco
oh you could read that how come it's not
pollo Oh dad were so smart Isaac
everybody day I must be dumb what the
hell's that mountain of fur over she
she's scared Isaac just keep being
friendly with her I'm petting her gently
and then she'll get used to you she's
scared easily so over here they're still
trying to pretend like they're working
it's just another angle of the barbell
brigade social media team and they
always pretend like they're working on
stuff but I think they're just planning
what movie they want to watch and
Aaron's is here if he wants to watch
funny funny likes being next dare dad
hey cutie pie
there are you guys ready to meet is
everyone in the drive yeah
alright cool what is the first thing
we're talking about which is the Fed
Expo Ike here is in charge of Mike
here's in charge of planning the Fed Ex
both the Los Angeles 2015 fit Expo they
can't see all the 2016 2016 the 2016 and
you drew it on graph paper and cells
gonna utilize technology and put it in
our dry Microsoft I don't have socks on
alright so back to the back to your
plans right so I narrowed it down to two
probably efficient options so the way I
treat crowds is it's a lot like water
great we talked about this yeah
they literally fill in wherever they
they can right yeah so we want to we
want to kind of control the flow I think
the best way possible to get them into
either by merchants out or in then they
go take a photo and then out right so we
have two options for the dead the
platform blue is saying that this one
probably looks the best so we're on an
end cap so this is everyone kind of like
going around us or whatnot so I just I'm
still there now like to turn off sorry
yeah so then you go to the LA 2016 the
stuff that changed every hour yeah
changing the people selling the clothes
there was one person to be able changing
weight one person kind of like just
controlling everything
yeah and then those people we were just
sitting on emphasizing the fact that
they need to be replaced
yeah it's hired so yeah and then we'll
have one person just making sure that
everyone low-key it's probably gonna be
here just gonna be like over watches yes
like you look beat cycle but let's focus
on doing it once an hour perfect and on
people's strengths because I know last
year like therapy there were people that
weren't that weren't scheduled for the
table oh that went over and the I guess
effectiveness of them being in that
position changed that side that
efficiency was a zip-top his sister
style wasn't the same as the the initial
starting flow so it kind of dropped off
on one side and then we've got a little
better on the others the thing we were
thinking about literally pulling
everyone we assumed sure would be taking
photos and in cycling through doing both
how's that sound for you you hear that
so like maybe take like an X amount of
time to shoot some photos maybe filming
ok all right so then then I would assume
him in Udine we kind of like left off
and stuff like that oh cool so no beat
Roy for now I mean unless he wants to
volunteer in terms of staff no okay
because that I'll also leave submits
Cerro me write lose and then we have Joe
David and then we're gonna leave
hopefully by then and if they're all
still if they make it or whatnot three
newbies double down the gym first
Saturday in time so that way we can all
cycle through and we can
because I think that's enough people to
where we can still be efficient so
rotate every hour and not get exhausted
and then it should make the day fly by
hey Cheryl do you know figuring out two
people I'm working during that weekend
dreamed at the gym sir no she was just
saying yeah what do you obviously
they're going to be there at the same
time because there's a morning there's
the minute and then there's the closing
show I'm saying yes yeah because you're
complaining about it last year
Oh was it was it was busy because I
think part was the one that was
mentioning last year how he was saying
that you know like we're so we were
giving them the experience that even
most that people come to the gym for
it's probably because of the the we pass
out the day passes at the Fed Expo we
get flooded right yeah
I didn't lose talking about the
experience we're like let's say normally
if there's 50 people that come to the
gym on a day pass on a Saturday and
Sunday because of the free day passes it
ends up being like a hundred people per
day so but if we have Tony closing then
could we shift one of those people up to
make it work yeah I just wanted to map
that out I think the thing we should
focus on right now is whether we want
option but that's a good thing to bring
up I like both options one
I kind of like them what are you getting
ready for a Kanye West concert oh you go
to a Kanye West concert for you I am
yeah in case you were so kind for our
wedding
like these two months fuckers work too
crazy you know we like that they like
Kanye so let's fuckin do it for them cuz
they're not gonna do it for themselves
you care about us so much that's so true
and then we're so attached to our
friends that once I think once we saw
that they got this that I was like
didn't you guys have to come with us so
I forced them to buy tickets and they
were like are you sure it's okay I hope
you don't want to spend all this time
apart I'm pretty excited are you oh yeah
what's your favorite album but one that
we're gonna see today it awaited
heartbreaks man - you know a lot of
people they actually hate on Kanye cuz
his album sounds so different well the
first couple of the late registration
college dropout all those they sound
kind of similar has that sampled sound
that Pete Rock The Alchemist type of
example sound but for me I actually feel
like one of the geniuses that lie and
Kanye is his ability to evolve as an
artist and to kill it in so many
different types of genres whereas a lot
of the artists once they evolve where
they try to dabble in another John Rowe
they can't kill it and so me as an
artist I can respect another artist it
would almost be the same thing as if
like I start acting in dramas and that
does just as well as the comedy or if I
start acting in Broadway shows yeah like
Jamie Foxx so like for Kanye all the
other person he is a kind of douchey and
cocky I still respect them greatly as an
artist because I do
feel like there's so much genius in his
mind and but 808 and heartbreaks at that
time since it's such an electronic sound
so many people talk shit about it
because they feel like it's lacking soul
but he used that to channel all the song
he had for the breakup and the death of
his mom that that is actually one of his
most soulful albums ever and conscious
the soulful motherfucker even causes
beats soul beats and it calls it
superhero music I'm gonna listen to his
music you feel empowered and just like
this on and I love Conti so I'm really
really excited to go to the Kanye West
concert with my wife what the hell are
you doing in there
fun always hides underneath the
bookshelf when you get scared and
there's no one even around her the
closest person is Charl did you scare
her Charl of what yeah no wonder dad
she's fucking scared some on our way to
the Kanye concert grab the cliff bite to
eat and I think we're about to be late
but TIFF is really adamant about us
coming inside even though the tour come
outside so that makes me think that she
has a surprise or something so I wanted
to bring you guys in on this and I will
see what's going on and see if I'm right
or not
they're ready peeking out the window
I knew it I knew it I don't know what
anyone knows what's long for I'm gonna
be late
I know her shoes are pretty in there is
that okay watch what everything you find
your that that's why she comes in and
out every day you want the rest what's
going on do you want their eyes oh
they're going to show us a rough cut of
the wedding video no we'll watch it and
then you guys can watch it all the time
anyways
all right so whatever all right so so
what happened after we turned off the
camera is pretty much casey showed us
our wedding video and it made me cry it
made us cry both of us cried because it
was so good and i can't wait to share
with you guys but thank you so much case
and thanks for the baby bear blanket the
closest thing we could do now is geo
just puts her period in there and then i
just jumped off into it there just come
by one of your your very very that makes
more sense father
and now we're after the carne concert
whoa you're not excited yeah alright are
you excited to go to kind of content
hell yeah
Hey
Oh
where did I go wrong
we told me
how did you like the concept I liked it
I wish it was longer but I like even
though I knew what I was going into like
it literally said all he's doing is his
808 and heartbreak album I was still
hoping for at least one song from
another album but he liked which song um
anything like anything like the way that
everyone was dressed I was expecting
like gee Salus walks or something oh
yeah like to see that happening nothing
nothing happened and like he went in the
order of like his album and then and and
he didn't even like talk to us usually
he'll be like what up la I want to put
it be duper duper duper newer and then
like they'll say alright good night
but nothing interesting how did you guys
like it we have a theory that because so
he has a new fashion line yes and they
all look like Jedi's are they all look
like they're from motor games that's
true I was wearing and I feel like it
was just all one big fashion show to
promote his new line their clothes but
yeah that means promotion heard the
entire album yeah it was cool cuz I got
to hear it mine it was pretty
interesting when you listen to albums do
you like listening to it in the order
that the artist wants you to or do you
pick and choose like the hit songs or
whatever no I like to listen to it in
the order because I know there was a lot
of thought put into it yeah in this
specific order that they want us to hear
it so every time I was in turn table my
I don't put um shuffle I always listen
to a reporter yeah it's pretty cool to
actually witness the entire album being
performed in front of my eyes the whole
thing when I was younger I used to pick
and choose like the hit song or the most
popular song and then later on when I
made my first album special feelings for
JK and we realized that we put well I
realized that we put a lot of thought it
took place in the song order and trying
to create a journey then from then on I
listened to album the way the artist
intended to I thought the concert is
pretty cool
Kanye brought out Kid Cudi and then they
brought out uh
Young Jeezy for a one track and then
it's about it but uh that's my first
Kanye concert and based off of all his
performances online and my favorite
album well my favorite album isn't
really a real album it's the vh1
storytellers album so it's kind of a
compilation of a bunch of albums but
that's the album where like I listen to
every song and sometimes I can listen to
him I can just cry there's so much
emotion in that and I was hoping that he
was gonna do something on a grander
scale like Casey was also saying earlier
but overall I had a really fun time and
it was an awesome wedding present from
tiffin Casey and hopefully I'll see
another Kanye concert sometime soon but
now we're just hungry so I want to eat
something
no one asked you to dance Gina no one as
you stop moving no one
