morning today's Thursday that means
Thursdays every and that means Thursday
is GTA news day and that means my day is
gone and that means I am happy sad happy
because I get to spend the whole day
with my friends talking shit laughing
having a really good time but sad
because I just spent in a box and get
sunlight and intimate pubs very much but
it's okay it comes to the territory I'm
not complaining I'm actually really
grateful if I get to do something that
lets me laugh and enjoy time with my
friends every week awesome so I'm just
getting ready now I think I'm about
ready see the outfit oh I've been waking
up lighter and lighter in weight these
days I haven't attracted macros and I
haven't been working out so the fact
that I'm lighter makes me sad that means
I'm losing muscle but then the fact that
I'm lighter makes me happy because I'm
not getting fat because I'm not working
out so I don't know it's weird but
anyway let's go one of my favorite
things about Jake a news is the fact
that Julia this aka the snack lady hooks
up everyone's table with snacks and this
is to kind of hold us over between um
the beginning of filming and then our
first lunch break
she does all this stuff the salty
seaweed
the dried dehydrated fruit this right
here is so bomb this right here this
right here dough like yeah you guys
gotta try these nila waiver is not a fan
tyson love these my son loves them beef
jerky high in the protons Nutter Butter
is my jam so this needs to get moved
over here I don't know why Jimmy is
fucking around all day he says that mmm
then it takes forever to to focus it
yeah you still want to focus now you're
in focus it does that did it uh look
okay what's the height of powered camera
how do you feel how do you feel about
taking news nuts
um Jay King is next my favorite ones and
go through because of my diet is usually
uh this one this
beef jerky and leave jerky is high in
protein low in fat so there's uh for 14
grams of protein there's only one gram
of fat so I usually eat this the
macaronis on that is really good really
good and then there's a sliced fruit but
my favorite one is the great one I think
we all kill that one because that's one
of our favorite ones that one's Joe
always has it on his table now it's
pretty much all carbs zero fat which is
awesome and then the other ones have a
little bit too much fat for me and since
I like to eat a lot I have to save my
fats for my actual meal so I try to stay
away from the other stuff but I do get
that I do eat the fruit leathers of an
animal - why are they called fruit lemon
well David call them fruit leathers
because the first time he opened it he
goes oh fruit roll-up and took a bite
into those god damn is just fucking hard
like leather so he started calling him
fruit leathers and that's pretty funny
we just all call them fruit leathers
it's crazy though cuz these fruit
leathers over here they're actually very
very sweet and tasty I love them a lot
you're just fuckin rock art it's like a
concentrated version of the fruit I love
it like there's this green apple one and
I bit into it and I'm not the biggest
fan of green up or just any artificial
apple flavor but I bit into that one I'm
like oh shit it literally felt like they
pressed on this like apple juice and
then with the remainder like the
shavings I guess they press the shavings
and then compacted into a fruit leather
that's what it gives us different
flavors yeah welcome to America
they were all so rock hard and the
flavor is so concentrated I thought they
were all the same flavor I can't even
tell the difference between these I
think between those two you can but I
think the Apple tip is one of these
apples no I've been eating at least one
a week you should try it oh here this is
the one I probably ate that already this
is the one well now that you know it's
still a lot of focus how do I make it
focus faster I'll tell you after fine
well yeah anyway that's out of focus but
this one this is what I'm talking about
I should try it right
whew 26 vodka makes I think you're about
to be what do you say somebody oh look
at this guy
cuz it went all the way up to my
you're not logging with the uh no
because Bart vlogs with this now so the
quality varies big-time and I scratched
the lens on my GoPro so I use this gun I
gave you the protecting you to give it
to me gets a job I gave you one and I
gave Joe one did you hand it to me yes I
did well I remember why Joe and I got
you I never got one yes you did I never
got it you never used it I never got it
you did get it cuz I hit the red I gave
one to you and I gave all you bone to
Joe anyone to you I never I never got it
no fuckin lot I appreciate it but I
never got it how are you talking to me
like that because looks cool mmm hey
wait how come you're not using your
GoPro mrs. Kwan ha ha mrs. Kwan that's
weird
how's it feel to be a mrs. Kwan I feel
old what huh huh I'm using Gina's
glasses there's a tips
oh yeah Gina Oh what it just looks so
staged you always do that with me he
always has so he's like a big gadget
whore and he likes technology like crazy
so as soon as something new and really
cool comes out he has to get it and then
he sits here in the circle and justifies
interested convinces as to why he needs
it even though we passed zero judgment
on him we don't give a shit cuz it's his
money that he works hard for but he
still has to like explain why he needs
to get it we're like we know David is
gonna like it's gonna be the last thing
you get we get it we you know but now
this is one of the newer things that he
got but the great thing about my you see
there comes a justification know what
I'm saying is you guys get great footage
from this that you guys obviously don't
give a fuck about it but look how cool
it is
watch this cool shot right when I start
here and then we make a super dramatic
Wow fancy and then your better half this
way but seriously David does put out
some really dope flogs I actually look
forward to watch I don't really watch
much YouTube but I do watch his just cuz
it's really funny it's well edited the
pacing is really cool and then he like
color corrects it in such a way that
it's like so artistic and I'm like
goddamn he spent a month on this totally
does it take you fixed me if I sit there
for a long time the color correcting
takes the longest
if I'm really into it and I shot the
footage correctly the color corrector
takes about four to six hours Wow for
how much how many minutes of footage
it's about filling that much but I guess
I'm getting I had my own presets numb
after you do it so much then you just
have to save that preset and then you
already have your adjustment layers and
you slap it on and then you're good to
go over the I think micro adjustments oh
you see he put so much work into it go
visit David so comedy on YouTube and
check out his vlogs cuz they're fuckin
awesome I mean just check out his
channel don't subscribe don't do that
this is seriously my favorite part of
our breaks is when we get to eat food
and - I get to see the lights the lights
the lights watch the suit is rewrap what
it looks like on the outside when I come
out food time we are going to eat some
soon the bosu see um and David actually
approves of this place so I've got a
little bit I used to think this place
was okay but the David said it was also
like it's good this is good I'm talking
about I didn't say was bad weird
peaceful I said it was okay I'm not like
it forget how awkward this guy looks go
take a peeping tom
they got ginseng soup - Joe what like a
double rice what should I get
what should I get what should I get
oh I usually get it Mambo can I get that
shit I usually share a kimbap should I
do I can eat a little bit vbq or I'm
to--for oh no what are you ordering I
usually get the beef short ribs the tofu
soup or the tofu soup I get the beef
tofu soup before the short rib this is
the short ribs I love that Oh such a
copycat what the same thing no you all
copy Mia I think so
oh there's F in this video that I
pointed out my choices before you today
but you always copy me in life
oh I wasn't accepting my style if we go
into your music library right now that's
all my music
do you copy my stuff nope how you do
that know about yourself well why are
you copying my last name for my god this
looks so good oh thank you again thank
you oh thank you look at that did you oh
there's an egg in there already much
yeah yeah yeah what happened I keep
touching this I'm gonna I'm gonna move
this
you're more 9 now going the opposite
direction thank you
sounds bomb mm-hmm looks good dude but
this table looks so amazing with food
and color mm-hmm where's good
is this a honey tree Asian technique
yeah so it's too hot for me so I create
a little gap between the rice and the
stone bowl so it can get more aerated
and cooled down I like as soon as I
start eating I like to eat like
ferocious thing so I want to make sure
cools down seconds you're all about
destruction eye sore but that's a good
idea
that's hot shit you know there it is
doesn't matter no class we're talking
about my feet underneath not naked no
one else is doing that
did you know we allowed one else fight
the upgrade from what it used to wear
what did he used to wear where's Josh
where's the whole stuff you throw them
out so brand-new dude you through the
mouth and it's tucked in
yes that's true yeah
mother it's timeless you're taking is a
big sleepy creature bikini time to
record JK news the second session they
say y'all bad guy you're gonna leave the
gay boy oh my god you start time right
now mamacita save the artists
relationship it's perfect
oh I can't do this your money maker oh
my god finally done finally fini watch
you see you see how did this freakin
happen
this always happens to me and I come out
here and it's still hot which is weird
because today is the second day of fall
for us inside it's freezing so that's
why I'm wearing a sweater but out of
here it's actually pretty damn humid
jerem in LA can't complain about alley
weather I fucking love it um but yeah
this always makes me a little bit sad
like hmm wait a Monday go because now
it's all not time baby
dang I think people are gonna grub right
now um I don't know how I feel about
that I had like tea so I'm kind of Wired
and I'm phool from the caffeine because
caffeine suppresses hunger um so I'll
see what I'm gonna do rock Maya where we
at right now what laughs why are we at
well well whilst buy some milk and
em oh so that you can pull your macros
yeah I got the Isan proteins it's been
so long since I've been to this Ralph's
I've just been to Ralph's we don't ever
fight we never eat at home I can't even
remember the last minute
super busy OSHA it's almost Halloween
I'm actually really excited oh I love
seeing decorations are in the holidays
yeah this is like my favorite time of
the year when the seasons change cuz
there's what this this is ultimately
like my favorite time of the year
because this is like the beginning of
holiday season I love holidays yeah cuz
it first starts its October which is
Halloween and then it leads into
Thanksgiving it's Christmas and that its
new you're not like yeah celebration
family time get to kick it time off
chill out and then you go home one year
older all no oh shit my birthday soon
that's true he's been a ham person
throwing up I never liked Bologna at all
my found loves Bologna yeah cuz they're
full of all OH day
yes
are you looking for the one you always
get so try to find them look at least
amount of fast gonna find something
that's like 93 does yeah but I don't
have those definite fats right now
oof I'll kind of find something but like
but that does look really good Oh what
the hell
Sammy Fenton
what a princess to pieces 603 perc
that's a pretty we never train our dogs
to do any sort of tricks so this is this
is the furthest we've gotten with our
dogs and you'll see that it's almost
nothing did it bring it
don't make your daddy look fat sip Ricky
Ricky sit stand up good girl Oh Ricky
bonds the one of these little something
fun Oh whoo big bridge I said at least
once
three sit sit sit
Ricky sit yay oh man we are not that
good stuck
all right it is 12 a.m. now and I just
finish finish I just finished the
FaceTime or Skype conversation with
Casey because we're still building the
holly net series and I was just so
basically the way that's going to that's
been working is I get together with the
person of who we introduced in the
series so I sit with them one on one and
I just get to know a lot about their
life and I get to ask them questions
about like how did you get involved in
ARDS and tell me about your family
structure and how did you find out about
Diggy films so I just basically
interview them to take all those notes
and then I go ahead and I regurgitate
that to Casey I give him all those notes
that's why that way I'm not wasting
anyone's time he then takes those notes
goes and interviews it could be the same
day or a different day but he goes and
interviews the person that will be
featured in that series and then he
formulates his
questions so cases aside by that is an
amazing storyteller he taps into so many
different emotions just in a way that he
asks you these questions - making
subjects of those emotions and then um
he asks the question so well that it
sounds like the person actually came up
with those emotions and and was able to
pull those emotions out of themselves
without even realizing like he's super
amazing upper stuff so um I figured this
would be the easiest workflow for him to
know the person that's being interviewed
by him the fastest instead of him
sitting there is spending like an hour -
because that's how long it takes to
interview and then spending another hour
- to film it so um I just made sure that
I interview them and then those you know
FAQs and notes I give those to Casey
Casey formulates his own questions and
then he will film them same day or
different day again and he will ask them
very specific questions to pull whatever
information he needs out of them and
then we're done with the shoot he edits
and then we upload and then you guys get
into it so that's kind of been the
process of this series and if you guys
don't know what I'm talking about
please go ahead - just kidding films on
YouTube and type in how we met and it's
such a fucking cool series I'm so proud
of it I think Cena and I have been doing
an amazing job not to toot my own horn
at least but I feel like it was a really
cool way to get to know every single
member in the JK family and a really
cool way to hear you know their trials
and tribulation and hear their trials
and tribulations and what they did to
get where they are so for any of you
guys that are questioning your life or
you know questioning pursuing passions
or not pursuing passions I would highly
recommend checking out they series so
that you can see what we did in the
struggles that we had to go through to
get where we're at today
um so much we're going to end it tonight
at that because my brain is fried after
so many hours of JK news and then so
many hours of
discussing interview facts with Casey
just now I think I'm going to knock the
fuck out a kiss and see you guys later
because of that I don't like normal
like smother my face all over my pillow
and just gonna like swing on it like
this all right the comics
