morning guys wanna come inside come
inside come on good morning good morning
come on Berkey come on come on Berkey
yeah and this is our morning routine to
the parts up to
morning
but it video tip I just ran myself
194 point D now brush my teeth
let's take a shower and get ready to go
to work
so yeah that's uh you pretty girl in
that pretty light years Oh cute here's
it fucking cute is I swear to god it
sure look cute
well come here come here
hey where'd you go oh well yes I am
filming with Cassie today the world
flame is famous the world famous
Blogilates princess queen Blogilates
queen um but I wanted to share something
I don't know kind of disturbing but kind
of interesting with you guys and that's
the fact that this is so pointless - I'm
about 20 to fucking time like every
other time but I'm actually pretty
fascinated at the fact that my makeup
looks good right now well actually yeah
it's not that bad and the reason for
that is so last night or yesterday we
had a crazy shoot day for hasta fields
and um we started at like 9:00 or we all
met up at 9:00 started at know what the
hell am I talking about
we started at 1:00 and then we finished
until like close to 11 and then we got
home like at 12:30 we didn't go to sleep
till 1:00 now I was just so exhausted so
I did not wash my face
yes that means I didn't take shower I
know Oh gross
but um so I left my makeup on and
because of my boobs I have to sleep
upright you know because I can't have
them assigned I can't see all my chest
um and because of that I don't like
normally I like to like smother my face
all over my pillow and just gonna like
sleep on it like this alright pick on my
pillow this way so my makeup will always
be smeared but as of late because I
can't sleep like that pretty cool and I
know some of you girls do this where
you're like fuck I have no time so you
just kind of clean the bottom and you
just kind of picture to put up in here
like out the door I see you girls cuz I
do that shit too just got to my
destination in LA for Miss Cassie ho
Blogilates um pop Pilates and everything
else that she's taking over in this
world of fitness she's super amazing
super positive such a great role model
such an inspiration I'm so honored and
like feeling super blessed that I get to
like be in her presence today because
she's so humble and she's so sweet and
she's so genuine and trust me when I
tell you I do not like people but I
really love her like she's really really
cool so I'm looking forward to seeing
what she's got in store for me today
it's not gonna be finished related gonna
be actually challenge related which I'm
totally cool about because she is like a
fucking pretzel and she can bend in like
a million different ways and I'm just
like I only know how to lift heavy shit
um but yeah I'm super excited keep you
guys posted hey oh my god it's evening
time now you guys saw me the morning I
filmed with Cassie that was a lot of fun
unfortunately I couldn't film anything
inside of her studio just because it's
kind of on the DL but after that this
sucks I had a meeting with Tiffany that
I have no footage of because I was in a
meeting and then had a meeting with
Julia who's somewhere around this house
talking to someone and then I have a
meeting with Michael whoo yay it's real
because it exists because he's right
there
so we just had a really cool meeting
about what's happening with JK and all
the moving parts within Jay King I can't
wait to show and share with you guys
everything that's happening there and
for go-for-broke
and for barbell brigade oh my god it's
gonna be fucking crazy and amazing and
fawn over here yep she doesn't give a
shit like always we're about to jump
into a barbell brigade meeting so I will
probably not record that and there's
gonna be no footage for that there's
gonna be the most boring vlog ever and
they did say blog when I actually met
vlog and pretty says Bri come here Ricky
says hi and that's the most exciting
thing that I did today so I just
finished the meeting with Michael and
guess what the hell just happened I've
been meeting with Julia again we're
talking about scheduling now usually
mondays are pretty off-limits because
the system Jacob films but now that
things are changing up a little bit
Mondays is now an open day so I'm trying
to fill that in with other channels like
ass appeals and more JK news for you
guys especially you really really need
more opportunities okay I gotta go to
meeting okay bye
what are you doing you're doing what
though yeah you're like you're like
Moses or not Moses but who's the woman -
let there be like not most say Moises I
don't know you're like let there be
light alright so now I'm having my
barbell meeting with Aaron here's a
shirt that we're thinking of possibly
putting out not sure yet not really full
on the cut but then I am kind of
but I don't know but as we're having our
meeting here which doesn't look like
it's a meeting at all because hold it I
think he got it I think he got it but
whoa
this room's a lot better so we're having
our own meeting here Bar None named
David and Brandi are having their own
production meeting here and then over
here what kind of meeting is this what
is this what is Oh what is that that is
awesome
can a what well that's like the bar that
this is that this is the entrance right
here yeah come on man we're girls we can
we see everything in shapes colors face
thanks so much going on in this house
right now that's just the hustle of
mentality I love that I love that
everyone sees the same goals we all have
the same vision and we're all racing
we're racing together not with each
other we're racing together to
accomplish these goals and these dreams
and pursue these passions and I love it
because I see how hard they work like
man nobody told it or color coordinate
everything she came up with that on her
I didn't even have any clue that that
was happening I saw that and you
immediately my heart went oh we don't
love you because they want it just as
bad as boarding I want and that's
fucking so inspiring and so motivating
right now I'm gonna stop vlogging
because I need to get back to work what
the hell am i doing fucking around all
day
that's Bart's line if he sees this wall
gonna be like you stole my line but yeah
I gotta stop fucking around thanks guys
for watching football good night
how I told them I've liked where stuff
that was gentleman while she's going up
entirely and she'll be like what how can
I go like this
