today's Sunday and I feel a million
times better although I do not look it
I don't feel how I look and you I'm sure
you can already tell that I feel back to
a hundred at least 90% because I'm not
really craving too much food right now
but I am slightly hungry but I'm really
happy that I'm not feeling as jacked up
I was feeling yesterday cuz Bart read
some stuff online and it said that this
stuff can usually last from like 1 or 3
days so I cannot imagine feeling the way
did yesterday for 3 freaking days but
because I stayed here all day this is
the dirtiest I've ever had a hotel room
look like ever my whole life of like
hotels
look at how dirty all of this those are
yours you kept chewing those for like 30
minutes each little bag Oh so you do
admit that so yesterday part with saw me
the story about um hanging out with
drunk people and he says that he wishes
he could drink I'm just kidding
but actually does not drink he can't
drink up on the day of our wedding his
dad gave him a beer and it's like out of
a glass bottle he drank that whole beer
and he was out he was out cold it was
kind of sad he says he was tired but
this happens every single time he drinks
kind of like that why because I could
take advantage of you you don't even
know what I've done to you oh fuck I
never thoughts with your dick though
there's something very cute I have to
share with you guys about Bart right
here so just watch how he brushes his
teeth just imagine what the yeses have
to imagine what the bristles are gonna
look like once they come out of his
mouth ok see see this
he looks pretty angry I agree you do you
brush your teeth so aggressively
and this is not for show all this right
here that's every single time and it
lands on its chest just like that
yeah the mall is that toothbrush it
doesn't stand a chance so the hair has
hairy but he's brushing so hard it just
it flaps everywhere can you show us your
toothbrush was normal
look at the bristles on this guy
Oh how long have you had this toothbrush
for I just got it for traveling fuck
I've been brushing my teeth now for like
fucking 60 years and not once has my
toothbrush ever look like this we gotta
clean their teeth no I want my teeth to
still remain in my mouth yeah this is
like you're trying to abandon them in
Kittery alright finally out and about
and we just got dropped off by a taxi at
the Caesars Palace
oh hello we're gonna go get cameras here
okay we're gonna go get breakfast at
we're Hash House a Go Go recommended by
silent Mike and he says they have like
Snickers pancakes or something like that
the size of your face or double the size
of your face so of course fatty over
here has to try it out we're finally in
the heart of Vegas after being here for
like one and a half days and this is the
part of Vegas I like is the energy I
feel like it's New York for more fun to
me what are you talking about save all
your fatty you wanted and then you
started or when you I'm absorbing no but
you started this whole new intro I had
nothing to do with what I was just
talking about over there be such a
weirdo after 20 minutes of trying to
figure out where we can eat and that
would it take too long cuz every single
place we went to was like a 40-minute
way it was the worst so we came here at
this is like just off out of randomly
places somewhere
prepared yeah they are
I don't know I'm not like my appetites
not there around a percent yet but we'll
see probably just get some soup and some
hot oatmeal what are you gonna get so
so we were trying to get some but they
action or some really popular on Yelp
restaurant action but they're all packed
because everyone loves to go to those
places then we stumble across this place
called pay our and it's more like it's
one luxurious because every dish is like
20 bucks at the minimum but the cooking
about that there's don't there is no way
and they use very high quality
ingredients like I've been reading stuff
like um yes I don't know that is and
they have bechamel sauce and they have
smoked tomato aioli
so there are all kinds of very special
ingredients and I'm a foodie so I love
that kind of stuff so I'm gonna get the
brioche french toast if you could read
upside down and if you can also read
upside down I'm gonna get the lobster
eggs benedict
so I got my first time ever getting a
lobster Benedict CPC laughs right here I
love autumn day sauce chopped chives
over a croissants but I never got I
usually get it over muffins but this is
special and then I got chocolate
french toast with on Nutella and also on
Beals funds and fresh with beans on that
and how to did it protein alright so as
I dug in the yolk cracked all over the
croissant look at that that's my
favorite part of the date
this one day yolk just freakin just
drizzled all over
because the responsibility to speak for
other yoke hold on it just softens it up
to taste of the oak bitches with
the bottles of moussaka it's a really
rich to still kind of stop and still
prescription
yeah cut the temple coz my stomach still
hurts so I just got oatmeal and there's
nothing fancy years not like this
shrieking princess he's such a princess
that's just him to him
all right now we are at Caesar's Palace
trying to get some shopping in but it's
not really even me trying to get some
shopping in it's this book in princess
I'm not gonna get any shopping where we
going where we going we're gonna go to
Victoria's Secret
where we were I was trying to go the
other direction but he's like oh let's
go be here cuz gotta check out these
stores so it's still about this princess
no I know you like stuff from these
places what place is that one right
there which one
oops OH
muevete with Han and Gucci's but he's
talking about oh really
III I have Poochie and Louise good
Shirley Fatah are you trying to know I
just want to waiting for the big baby
Bart while he buys his wallet I'm just
sitting here being a good girlfriend
just waiting for the big princess such a
princess I swear but I love him so much
Dean's looking for us and we saw him
looking for us
alright we're about to split ways the
beans get about we're getting a taxi in
this big ass line I've made 25 bucks
I made 25 bucks if my lucky trama would
know you
we both use the Dean the taxi fare is so
expensive I do think 350 just to sit in
the taxicab for every I think like every
20 seconds there's an I bet they charge
you an additional 20 cents it's fuckin
ridiculous but we need them so if we do
Bart made a last-minute executive
decision what did you decide we decided
to write analemma
back to the airport see I told you use a
princess all day today I've been
pointing out facts and I've been showing
you guys proof how this guy's a princess
no it was a good deal or walking by and
he was like 20 bucks to the airport I'm
like let's do it
oh my oh well the go webcam all right so
we're back at the airport and it kind of
sucks for me because he stands in
Hollywood because I was just here
yesterday no no the day before oh yeah I
didn't go anywhere and I'm going back
home I didn't do anything
you pretty much flew to Vegas to throw
up and diarrhea and I'm gonna go you
know when people were asking me at the
expo where geo is I can't the televi
were throwing up and at the time that
your diary ain't
except in the expo and the Olympia is
really loud kind of like this music
right here so they couldn't hear me so I
had to motion and this is how I told
them like were stuff that was jamming
all she's throwing up and she's dying
and she'll be like what like this
and then oh if I did that I did that
motion about like 50 times this week
I just realized something shorter you
are the meet you no I'm not look look
look at that you talking about
all right we're back good another short
light those are my favorite I wish it
was longer actually because we were
watching American sniper right when I
started to get really good at them turn
it off no I wish all flights for this
short because then I want to watch
American sniper now watch it at home but
I love how short it was it was awesome
it but as soon as I started like getting
bored and getting restless he was like
we're defending like I like it I was
before I was watching American sniper I
don't know because you're shorter than
me and I'm a lot longer so I think I
just get my body again starts Restless
you're just a restless person true
Oh
finally in my car and guess what I
freaking found right now the camera this
stupid guy because I was so stupid I
left in the freaking compartments where
I left it I don't even know if you guys
could see that where is it I can't even
tell what I'm recording yeah you
freaking mongrel wait up that's right
there I even turn the light on for you
no I can't see if I'm getting it where's
my hand well anyway it's right here
I left the stupid thing here of course I
wasn't gonna find it damn it
well yeah that's where the Freak it is
the freakin of the weirdos Blacker's so
I think I'll change it back to this one
so quality's gonna change
I think he popped the blood vessel and
he turned fucking dumb yeah smell it
still wearing the same clothes just
because I didn't bring anything else
these are my PJs but
