so recording this on Jill's phone and
Jill's been diarrhea and vomiting all
night and I think she got stomach flu or
food poisoning or something and she
doesn't feel that good and I bought her
some pepto-bismol and she just took it
how do you feel mama bear I feel better
but I still feel like poopoo
you feel like you're gonna poo poo you
feel like poo poo like you just kind of
rest and then hopefully you feel better
I just feel so bad this quest was so
nice to flies out here
I'm gonna pay for all this stuff and a
cave she's going to waste
I know but sometimes you can't control
life
we can't control them puts poopoo in
your foot
because that's what they did
so I was doing some research about food
poisoning or stomach flu and what that
is is it's usually spread by getting
someone that has stomach flu and it's
continued just by getting their poopoo
in your mouth and so that can easily be
transferred through let's say someone
had a stomach flu and then they touch a
door handle and you touch the door
handle and then later like your rubber
ties so it's pretty contagious and this
virus can survive on a door handle or a
countertop for months so before you eat
it's very important to wash your hands
so yeah I'm going to be taking care of
geo-buk all night she's been
obliterating this thing keep hearing her
feels so bad feel so bad for her because
I had stomach flu before and what I
throw up I feel like my lungs would
never come up and then I diarrhea I feel
like my butthole flips inside up so I
can't imagine how she feels
yeah okay so that was the bathroom diary
but um yeah so I bacio submit some
pepto-bismol and she already took three
tablespoons to the first time and then
one like three or four hours later so uh
she is feeling a little bit better right
now and I think I'm going to try to
catch up with the rest of the Quest Crew
just because both Juno and I feel bad
that they flew us out here and they're
paying for travel in our food in a hotel
and it's although it's not anymore fault
that we can't be out there just stuff
that we can't be out there that's just
the fact of it so I'm gonna try to catch
up with him because Gio feels good she
feels better she feels like she doesn't
need me on standby and I'm gonna try to
meet up with them and then hopefully Gio
can meet us at the booth because we do
want to meet all of you guys so we're
gonna try really hard to be at the booth
and we're supposed to be there between
3:00 and 5:00 how do you feel mom fair
week
what happened again this sucks
I'm out in Vegas in my room and I can't
get out of bed that I've been in bed all
morning
it's it it's 2:30 now and I can't get
out of bed like I get out and I'm like
okay I'm gonna do this quest thing I'm
gonna meet all of you guys I'm so
excited but then as soon as like gravity
pulls on whatever's in my stomach it
just wants to come out either from a
mouth or my butthole
I'm sorry that's gross but yeah I've
never experienced anything like this in
my life usually I have a pretty a pretty
solid stomach or like nothing really
gets to me but last night I felt like
around 5:00 in the morning like I felt
really bloated and I had like a slight
feeling of wanting to throw up but it
felt like when you over eat and you're
just stuff so you feel like the food up
here so I was never thinking that I was
gonna throw up because I don't really
throw up um so I went and I sat on the
toilet and like I just heard my like my
my stomach just growl and do all this
stuff because there's so much shit going
on in my tummy and I just started
diarrhea and I'm like oh crap what
happened and that's normal because when
I eat a lot of dairy um like too much
dairy I tend to diarrhea sorry team I
know but yesterday for dinner with
something like um and Bart I had a shake
like a large milk shake and that was
pretty much it actually so I was telling
myself like okay this is the six lanes
of diarrhea I eat too much ice cream
okay that's fine um so I still felt
funny I still had that wanting to throw
up filming um but again didn't pay
attention to it came back to bed maybe
like thirty minutes later I felt
everything want to come up from my
throat
and I just ran to the bathroom and I
threw up all over the saying goes so
gross and it smells so bad and I think
because I could smell it and see I just
grossed out even more as I kept throwing
up it was the worst um and that just was
basically my day and I guess I was sold
out I don't think I was a lot I saw sold
out that I like startled Bart he's like
are you okay he's never hurt me like
this
so this sucks I was telling him at least
um at least it happened out here in
Vegas I mean it sucks that it has to
happen but if it had to happen it's
better for it to happen right now in
Vegas then last week um in Hawaii when I
was trying to like take care of so many
wedding things so I'm so sorry to
everyone who wanted to see us at the
quest booth Bart is there he's
representing us there's nobody here I'm
completely alone in my room but yeah
Bart will be there and he'll be
representing the both of us so again I'm
so sorry and quest you guys are the best
like quest nutrition seriously like as
soon as Bart's holdin that I'm not
feeling well they came to my room on
they not they silently locked not on the
door we're speaking to Bart like
whispering and you know we're
recommending like medicine and you know
trying to offer to help and they even
offered to have someone you know here on
standby just in case I needed something
they'd be like the person running to go
get it for me so super supported I love
quests so much I can't even express it
specifically Mike my kids shit I know
you guys don't know my kids but I don't
even know if Mike watches these vlogs
but just in case he does he's a shit
just putting it out there in the
universe um for now I think I'm just
gonna keep sleeping sleep it off so I
can feel better maybe in an hour - who
knows my commitment was from 3 to 5 it's
2:30 hopefully I could take like an hour
and up and be there from like 4 to 5
we'll see so I came back from the Expo
and not the Expo I came back from the
Olympia and the Dame's here with me
ran into Nadine and I come home are you
doing it that was supposed to be the
other way which way this way I thought
that is right
well are you tied my non-date okay her
mother when I left the camera but uh so
that's GOP tend to be sick cuz uh she's
actually way better now but I think she
likes it when I get the tuck read so she
wants to pretend like she's still sick
and not come out to the not come out to
the questioner and come out to the
question or eight no how long are you
gonna pretend to be sick for whoa almost
fell tomorrow tell tomorrow how are you
feeling that you look like you have a
lot of energy huh
laying down yeah I can see in her face
it is about 11 p.m. now and I just took
a shower still wearing the same clothes
just because I didn't bring anything
else these are my PJs but took a shower
I feel a million times better and
actually have an appetite for food so
far being the best husband ever
that still feels weird to say um he came
home from a quest dinner that was
scheduled for all the quest influencers
and whatnot and he came home early from
that surprised me and went to go get me
some food he is the best I've just been
here sleeping tossing and turning I
think I slept like the whole day I think
I really slept like 12 hours so I slept
the whole day woke up felt a little
better took a shower because I know when
I feel like the day on me still in the
room it started just depresses me and I
feel worse so I just made sure to leave
the curtains open and take a shower so
that I can like wash it all away and
start fresh but yeah I was watching them
cable or something and it's just this
show about um all these women coming
forward about Bill Cosby and how he like
raped them and stuff it is so
heartbreaking especially because I grew
up with Bill Cosby and the Huxtables and
all that so I'm like watching this and
I'm like wow this is weird but there
really is nothing else to watch here I
don't know why I decided to share that
with you
in their club clothes I share like the
sounds choice Albemarle gambling clothes
I'm going to talk clothes because I
don't want them to hear me but
