funny she just woke up as she's grumpy
already you big cutie Fani Brady's
taking a little peepee with the eyes
shut hey bringi big cutie pie pretty big
cutie pie
yeah big cutie pie huh funny is thirsty
your big thirsty bear funny mommy come
here funny funny come here you big cutie
you big QT tonneau poopoo bringing a
poopoo right now with the butthole all
hanging out like that
smiling where you poot last kind of
figure out the best spot to put up
that's that signature dog curl you know
they poo in what about you are you just
scratching scratching and poo and huh
you're not gonna prove or pee
interesting oh you're done you can even
wipe your ball holy little creature oh
you got a little butthole still little
but stains interesting guys are just
like your mom never wipe a little
bubbles
alright there's two things I want to
talk to you guys about the first thing
is as I'm driving to the gym and I at
the gym right now I was listening to a
commercial on the radio and they're
talking about this new show called rose
with Morris Chestnut on it and the lady
was like oh he's so fine he's talking
about all these things and then I made
me think that Morris Chestnut is a buff
motherfucker for no reason ever since I
was a kid and I would see man movies
he's always been buff and then that made
me think wait a second how come in the
black community it's okay for characters
to just randomly be buff for example
Morris Chestnut is buff now Cool J is
buff Tyrese is buff Jamie Foxx is buff
Terry Crews is hella buff and they're
not necessarily playing bodyguards or
henchmen they're playing leading man
roles or someone's dad or some
blue-collar worker and they're just buff
and it doesn't need to be explained but
that's not the case in real life you
know you don't go around and not every
black guy is buff as a motherfucker and
so that made me think how come in the
Asian community they all look the same
they're all these skinny thin
light-skinned chinky odd motherfuckers
when not all Asians look like that we
got Filipinos we got Cambodians we got
short tall we got fat we got skinny we
got buff you got big eyes we got you
know we got all kinds but we only see
one that's represented and this stigma
is so strong that when I used to do
skits on JK films and when I used to
actively look for film roles or TV roles
I was scared to get too big even though
my heart wants me to be big like for
those guys that don't know before I
started YouTube back in college I was
like 210 215 so I was way bigger I
actually cut down for YouTube so that I
can play other roles like grandma's hit
random people's moms and random old men
and stuff but then now it made me think
if I was black I wouldn't have had to do
that I could have just kept my size and
played whatever I wanted to do so I was
like man that's really really
interesting how for certain ethnic
groups they allow certain stereotypes
but
others they don't even though we know
it's not true because not every black
guy is buff as fucks that's just
something to think about that's
something I was on my mind and I was
like hmm that is really interesting
hopefully one day Hollywood would change
and there'll be more equality across the
board where you have better
representation across all ethnicities
and all cultures and backgrounds but as
of now it's not because we still got
both fast Morris Chestnut for no fucking
reason and we don't have buff ass
Changzhi for no fucking reason the
second thing is it is part of my morning
routine to go to 7-eleven I usually get
my coffee my banana for some carbs and
water for my hydration BCAAs and stuff
and as I was walking into 7-eleven this
guy rolls up on me in a wheelchair and
he goes do you have some change not like
oh I'm sorry I don't really care to
change I only have card and usually when
homeless or bums out above this bad word
by using like homeless people or you
guys know what bums mean I don't mean in
a offensive way but with homeless people
or like bums come up to me and they ask
me for money
I usually don't give it to them even if
I have it just because I don't know if
they're gonna spend it on something that
is necessary for survival or spend it on
something that's kind of further damaged
or life whether that's a drug addiction
alcohol addiction whatever so because of
that I usually do not give them money
but then he goes oh but can you borrow
me a water also yes sir I could buy you
water stuff like that I'm completely
cool with there's been times I roll up
out of McDonald's and McDonald's dude
we're not at McDonald's but the homeless
dude will come up to me but yo can you
buy me a cheeseburger my hell yeah no
bottom two cheeseburger because I know
that's necessary for survival they gotta
eat or they got a drink so I go inside I
buy extra water when I come out the
funny part was this motherfucker was in
a wheelchair when I come out he was
standing walking around talking with
other homeless friends I still give them
the water
as he sneezed water I notice
motherfuckers out on the streets but
it's just funny that he blew his own
cover not knowing that there might be
other people going oh shit this dudes in
a wheelchair to ask for money and now
he's lying cuz he could actually walk
around so for all my homeless dudes that
watch this channel don't blow your cover
because uh if people if you're using the
wheelchair sympathize and now you can
walk people might feel lied to and they
might think that all homeless people
feel the same way just like how you know
when there's a police brutality all of a
sudden everyone thinks all police are
bad but it's not it's just that one guy
so those are just two thoughts as I was
driving to the gym right now I was
thinking about I was like huh
interesting I want to share my inner
workings of my Blanes with you guys and
uh let me know what you guys think you
know how would you have acted in that
situation and what do you guys think
about the whole stereotypes in Hollywood
let me know in the comments below what's
crazy tell me what's going on little
look at all these orders everybody's on
the other stop day in October even
though we're in September let's even
make any sense
hey hey don't tickle me hey hey that's
all tight you know that all these
barbell Brigade orders going out look
look at all our hats ton of hats ton of
stuff it was like Louie one that's sick
three four five six seven eight nine
11:13 full bags down you're not crazy
true and thermal pack them all up
another real I'm repeat yeah they killed
it yeah yeah so we've been out of stock
for a long time and we finally got this
big order in so now we can fill all
those orders so I'm pretty happy that
all this is going out and now I think
Lewis humping a Dean wormer uh think
back way back okay just be not one - oh
yeah we can lower lower lower but oh oh
what's that if you were gonna be awesome
yeah I played Olympia yeah it's pretty
fun yeah hey I never noticed watch turn
your head to the right your beard looks
like a wave it looks like a curling wave
yeah yeah bo Michalek in your ear no
right there - what are you leaving but
no reason now he came in for no reason I
leave for no reason
so he can't work out here just keep
coming in for no reason hello
yeah
what's up those are the highlights for
my training session today to see the
full training session make sure you go
to the barbell Brigade YouTube channel
that's youtube.com slash bar Kwon and on
there you can see geo straining see my
training lose the Dames everybody's
training so make sure you go check that
out now I gotta head out - just kidding
party about my take a shower and I'm
gonna get my usual quick fix of the
artisan grilled chicken sandwiches from
McDonald's see you guys later
all right for the record um because for
some reason Jill is gonna try to frame
me I'm here on time it's 12:30 wire um
and there's this weird raccoon over
there yelling what about on time Brandon
yeah my Valentine long time Shauna's too
busy focusing on the schedule yep see
look at the time up mm-hmm well downtime
Josh hell yeah he were yep so I was on
time and a deal for some reason I think
she's gonna have the wise idea of
grabbing this camera to call me out but
for the record we got about I thinking
discounted at about 17 people that said
I'm on time so I'm gonna eat my sandwich
and be ready for a JK party because I'm
a hot time to mess around
like some people do I got stuff to do oh
fuck what are you guys trying to figure
out huh somebody sent us some nail and
it's like this package of gifts but I
don't know if it's like a brand deal or
sponsorship or someone's working
something with a company so I want to
just jump the gun and open it and fuck
it up for the person that's setting up
something yeah um so everyone so far I
said no I'm the last one to check if we
can open it or not where is it what is
it called loot what loo-loo taco what
song was it that box right there yeah
fuck treasure box last mine it is yeah I
asked you to know I didn't see that was
a treasure box all you can see Billy are
you claiming I like that as a treasure
box
yeah oh I don't know I haven't talked to
them in a while this is China it's from
China
oh shit that's crazy Chinese from China
what is trying to hell
luta COO wing industry King row query
babe Fox is on its way
what the hell but we don't oh we got two
of them yeah they sent it to us in hopes
every move Lukaku but woven it out there
cuz we gotta film
oh hi Gina hi hey Julia
but Tiffany time to film time to film
the JK party so organized we all gather
over here we all get it over here
there's Josh hey what's up Josh show me
your best dance moves go all right all
right Julia yes let me see your best
dance moves go no one asked you to dance
Gina no one as you stopped moving
no one asked you to do anything thank
you what that I like sitting next to
Josh what what did you say like you were
trying to squeeze a last turd out
thanks for you instantly Lazarus I plan
to give in to calibrate you like this
would still now watch like oh no about
Jonah Campbell's we go again you'd blow
yeah yeah you guys didn't bet the amount
of oh no it's broken it's crooked how do
you think a guy like that oh I think I
just that should be okay I think I break
things because I'm not a careful and I
am having oh let me get take a try it
again huh I try to get on the other on
time oh good
so now you think you can fix it oh wait
I already got another or David's gonna
give me another one
oh you have actually if I fix it you
know what my favorite thing to do is
Josh what is when you mess up and I get
to yell at you be like with you Josh
always messes up so Joe always sells
myself on in there what are we playing
today today we're playing on a drunk
stoned horse and the objective of the
game is to have the least amount of harm
as possible every time you can see the
car that means that you're guilty of
whatever's on the part it's normally
nothing really complimentary so the
first version I get three cards is out
oh yeah it's the card where you find out
who is the shady motherfucker all right
she just was like very very sketchy
tendencies like who has sex toys and
stuff yeah like who's always late or who
has like we know who's always my dad
issues or something we know who's always
late you know not me how late were you
today it wasn't it I have footage and a
few other people what's the call time
what time did you get here twelve thirty
something yeah bullshit 1250 some point
what did I tell you guys that's are
pre-recorded that footage showing that I
was early because I already know that
Jill's gonna say that I'm late so
there's just there oh you were look at
this look at if you were so late
look how Brown she is look how Brown
unit Brown foundation that's true oh
you're late you should use chocolate
cake for your foundation oh you know
happy my comments make the whole crowd
everyone's like chocolate okay so we
just played drunk stoned and stupid and
seems like we're about to lose
friendships in here yeah because people
were accused of a lot of things they
denied it to the end and they were like
what the fuck if you were standing up
out of there
I can see the veins popping out like the
eyebrows were this way there was like
intense eye contact I'm like shit this
is the most quiet I've been in a game
you guys know I can talk a little bit I
was just like oh my god what's about to
happen
so Tommy lost but but aside from Tommy
who do you think personally we won't
tell anyone else who do you think
personally is the shadiest motherfucker
in there and should have lost based off
the cards that were on the table who do
you think should have got all three job
why has a lot of those cards pertained
and I think they care between Joe and
Gina every other card is for them only
one of the most devastating cards that I
saw was when is when oh one of the most
devastating cards that I saw was the
Facebook one and then Gina called Joe
about finding his girlfriend on social
media and that Trump Tameka say che
never he was like this
that was good I know Julia can I see you
in this room please all right so we know
that Tommy lost yeah but who do you
think based off of those cards are on
the table who do you think was the
shadiest motherfucker in the group
Gina why she's a ho
I mean I feel like a lot of the cards
really apply to me especially then you
could do better be better at being a ho
al-qaeda in public oh this is a good no
ho Pacey's why she asked Amit all the
way oh that's true more exciting thank
you all right if have a question tell me
so we just played drunk stoned stupid
and based off the cards Tommy lost but
based off those cards who do you think
should have been the shadiest
motherfucker and know who should have
lost in your opinion based off those
cards the first loser of drunks own and
stupid which was closeted host of why he
deserved it what is he deserted goodlove
car is immediately I'm like Joe Joe
that's Joe that's true
I was almost being a good friend you
were it was like a few times when he had
those two cards and I could have easily
thrown one to the bus round life
I saw you defend them a couple times
yeah you are you can find it like for
example they fucking said Joe you don't
ring your phone break my phone charger
motherfuckers they say hi yo Gina Gina
can I talk to you yeah okay we're gonna
wrap it up real quick all right it's
dark in here
yeah let me turn on the light
all right so we just played drunk stoned
and stupid and Tommy lost but based off
those cards who do you think she lost
and who do you think is the shadiest
motherfucker in the group based off
those cards based on those cards all the
cars that Tommy had no the cards are all
on the table
yeah it'll have to be a tie between me
and Joe pretty shitty people I think I'm
pretty fucking simple sinful yeah
hmm I think so would you consider
yourself a ho I would say however like
an escort an escort high-class and my
class hole yeah I'm a high-class room I
see but I think the cards that we got
the last one was just you guys tell me
how real fucking unlucky one of my
favorite ones was when that Facebook
card came out and then you should call
Joe out about finding his girlfriend I
was repeating it that was so good
that was so good I am NOT around JK as
much as everyone is yeah like the
important things I'm hearing got you
guys like really shoots up listen along
Oh lunch and no one really like notices
because I'm never around
yeah I know and I've never seen anyone
shut Joe down that hard part he didn't
even know what to say or what to do was
like really gonna meddle without one and
I'm gonna have that one cuz Jill will
argue even if he has no argument he's
gonna fucking make some shit up
that's so true yeah you can say she just
yeah
good job
okay so TIF usually helps me out and she
arranges my room she helps me out and
she gets like my Amazon boxes where she
sets up anything or whatever right and
so my girlfriend was over during JK news
and she was born as shit and what
happened was when I got back the room
was vacuumed the bathroom was cleaning
the toilet scrub she fuck it for you you
don't scrub the toilets though you don't
do like you just do like you know like
like the weekly helpful stuff right but
then not only that she went downstairs
she washed all the roommates dishes she
cooked the seek was full of like smelt
like the smegma everywhere
ahh don't like molding shit is dick she
was 16 but it was fucking clean that she
fucking cleared out the UH what did she
do Tommy this you're lying she bleaches
cheesier to6
like white dashes handy yeah and then
everything yeah a lot of things were
organized I was just like fuck this is
what you can do in like how many hours
actually will take me months to do
that's a dream girlfriend and then and
then tip was like yo imma be over on
Saturday I'm all like actually there's
absolutely nothing you can do to help me
out this week you know what's funny you
know what's funny about that though
because she's sticking her dad Oh what
do we if you still want to come over and
do stuff on Amazon so scared I got
monthly like we should we should pay for
me but before people didn't want to pay
for me
Kevin's been asking for that we can do
it made us up best yeah cuz I mean we
have someone that comes like once a
month and they come and they're done and
like literally like 45 to 50 minutes I
don't know that's what I came for
Karen you oh no that's a landscaper it's
not just them they might have a team
because we have five dogs yeah well
that's a lot of dog poop though what are
we trying to eat Saget oh there's just
no bolt in a week I think we're like
ASAP and we're gonna eat a popper rich
babe it's a Malaysian place Yeah right
next to curry house in that same spot
well I think I think when back in the
day people that I really have money to
pitch in for me but now everyone has a
little bit more money I think we should
do like a thorough fini to add it to the
detail Jack cuz just told me that she
just does it when she's bored but then
it's not something that she wants
everyone to get used to
yeah yeah it's that's true fucked up to
pick up four people but yeah it's like
yeah I'm staying here having fun with
everybody so might as well help out yeah
if you get like a ethnic mate they'll
probably down to do the dog poop even if
it's five dogs
yeah well it's like one would be
landscaping so like mobile gets up lower
or someone that does yard work yeah
they'll probably do all of that and it
one would be like in house but it
depends like you want cleaners or do you
want actually amazed mates come and they
do laundry they do everything that's
true how do I make people do laundry I
think I mean people just uh I get pop I
guess I tidy up the house right yeah
just being up the counters you know
I mean plant back you mean and yeah once
a month we could do like in community I
think the communities dads cuz uh yeah I
never want to do that didn't go back
into yeah that'll take time off me
yeah I'm down do you guys have someone
that speaks Chinese shoot video well
Cantonese if your joy is the only one
what about Kevin does he speak Mandarin
no he's barely Cantonese like he's like
super American ah shit cuz uh the person
that um cleans our house they're like a
professional team and they're literally
like in and out within 45 minutes but
you got to speak Chinese and it's like
spotless it's like Hotel spotless for
our pad um she was gonna charge us 80
bucks but then I felt bad cuz our pads
bigger and I think she was just giving
us that price cuz that's what she was
used to no matter I just gave her 130 we
have so many we so many roommates I won
even at 200 bucks its its most you know
will still be it'll still be wait cheap
like cuz the can can and grant and I are
game we're busy and sometimes be skipper
yeah I always wanted a cleaner is do it
let's do it I had on the team so I could
put away certain plans what kind of
plans Brandon is the Venus flytrap
strike finishing touches yeah Oh Venus
flytrap out now it's time for our dinner
break and I'm pretty excited because
we're going to Papa Rachel already here
at Papa rich and
significance of Popovich is that it's a
Malaysian place and before this place
opened up there was no other Malaysian
restaurant that I Nona and ever since I
came back Malaysia twice I love
Malaysian food is like a combination of
Chinese food and Indian food and I
couldn't find it anyone I can't get a
Malaysian fix anywhere except the
clothes I can get it like Singapore but
it's also different like Malaysian food
is super flavorful but check out the
menu they got chicken with noodles
they got roti bread they got this
freaking Little Caesars Pizza bread look
at all these noodles sautes oh my
goodness all this stuff is so delicious
so Malaysian food way to describe it
it's pretty much Indian
hi food and Chinese we all had a baby so
it's very flavorful very tasty and I'm
just so happy and it is already coming
you never been Appalachia but I told you
the love Malaysia
doesn't a team as a foodie hey let's see
what he likes but the menu is freakin
sick look at that there's all kinds of
styling on the name of these Oh one of
my favorite jinx
I want my favorite Malaysian drinks is
caught that Betty and I'll get a beer
because I'm ordering and there's now
from all the morality connoisseurs in
the world everyone always always raves
about Malaysian myself in Malaysia it's
so flavorful they shake it I was like
them the way they fought and they ported
fold it the court maybe I distance and
it creates the squaw intrinsic croc in
the milky it is Bom I don't know why all
milk teas don't taste like this
well what is that again
do I get one
thank you oh I've never even tried this
when I was in Malaysia am I supposed to
suck it through the straw oh you didn't
see it on my own
you gotta mix it oh thank you for
helping look at your fancy fingers
oh it's so good it's like Ovaltine in
something delicious
this guy is showing off his roti bread
skills and roti bread is like Malaysian
Monde almost and that guy is flipping
and stretching over there if you watch
me and Jose Malaysian uh video on JK
whoa you'll see you'll see that me and
Jo try to make it but it was really
really hard
oh there you go boom and this guy is
doing Universal Studios backdraft over
here for the skewers and Isaac is having
a great time do you like watching them
cook
does it look yummy oh man hey smack
Annette
they're both smacking it oh where where
oh I did get it oh and then they fry it
so the first snack they first stretch it
then they smack it and then they fry it
and then it's delicious and then we eat
it heizak oh yeah so when I was in
Malaysia I'll speak in a Dean because
he's the closest guy that I know to
Indian guy sorry it's not even the same
but he's the closest guy that lives with
me that's close to Indian and Malaysia
Indian influences so I was pretty
excited to text the beam as soon as I
found out that we're going to eat here
sound like an edema part like this place
so this is their world famous ten thirty
gets their milk tea I want you to try
and tell me what you think I haven't
even tried it yet it's alright I think
is this plate huh you all right it's
whatever is for us
oh all right so it is whatever slop when
it's gonna do it right I think it's a
new restaurant they oughta do it yet
when they do it right it tastes very
frothy and how they're supposed to do it
is when they make it they mix hot
condensed milk into the tea and then
they pour it like or feet retreat these
bubbles in this frog and it becomes a
very creamy and thick taste this doesn't
taste great thing so nothing's right
sorry okay
Nadeem does semi Indian guy yeah can you
try this roti bread and tell me if it's
good and you can dip it in the I could
dip it in sauces or like curry and some
other stuff I forgot it's called first
of all I've never seen it like screaming
so hopefully so tastes good which was
what have you had wrote a paper for a
little bit
oh that's me
yes nasi lemak with curried chicken
Fritta nasi lemak is the hamburger of
Malaysia there's staple the national
dish and we get the approval from the
team from this that's pretty good if you
like it spicy yeah try another flavor
very boo let me try it I'm just here I
can get all of us again I'll collect
from your class oddly
or never asking for all channels okay
let's try this
mmm this is different from the actual
operation go deeper into something more
fine I thought with the egg noodle oh
yeah
I had to get both dishes the dry down
with the steamed chicken
cuz that just looked bombed and I had
neither nasi lemak and I now have this
appetizer and the traditional Malaysian
one he's not so fried as softer it's
play here but the flavoring of the the
dipping sauce is on point y'all
Oh
how's that taste good hi so I'm so
excited because I had an emulation for a
long time and I've both my dishes here
first time I try in Thai noodle dry rice
noodles matter I'm here with the pork
just cuz it's easier right now
nasi lemak
nasi lemak they got coconut milk and a
license honey and there's like Korea
sampling right now
do tell you good that feels - OH
matter it doesn't matter how good the
video is if the thumbnail sucks it's not
get that many views but you can have a
shitty video and yeah if you have big
boobs in the thumbnail then you can get
a million views
