beautiful people sir I am actually using
a new camera so excuse me if it looks
all kinds of fucked up because it's not
as convenient as a GoPro where
everything is kind of automatic but
GoPros unfortunately don't the quality
doesn't look as sharp as this guy right
here so work that today second day
working out pretty cool um today my
video is released about my boobs I've
had my boobs now for about three weeks
and um feeling better it's almost a
month actually it's like three and a
half weeks but doctors recommended or
not doctors but my doctor recommended
that I don't lift any weights or do
anything for like about three months
he's like don't live excuse me don't
lift anything above five pounds cuz that
could be really bad but then I'm
thinking but the average person doesn't
lift as much or as heavy as I do so they
don't have the same muscle development
that I do so because I have high body
awareness I figured that I can kind of
gauge how my body is feeling and then
increase the weights according to how
it's responding to it so I went to Train
today I'm not doing anything upper body
too much because my skin still a little
bit tight so I actually went to squat
and when you squat you open up your
chest because um you want to straight
back and then you want to bring your
shoulder blades together just to create
a tight back so it's like you have
really straight good posture and then
just I guess just making my back
straight and pulling my shoulder blades
back I felt a really big stretch on my
chest so that just told me ok I'm not
obviously I'm not at my hundred-percent
but at the same time I need to work on
my mobility because my arms too just to
hold the bar back here it was hurting so
I did a lot of stretching today but yeah
that's neither here nor there but um I
got McDonald's today but I only got what
I always get which is are
grilled chicken sandwich for this for
those of you guys tracking macros or who
want like a healthy alternative I don't
know about the sodium if you have high
sodium
I wouldn't recommend these sandwiches to
you but you know if your average and
you're looking for a healthy alternative
go to McDonald's order a artisan grilled
chicken sandwich sandwich only don't get
the combo because then you get the fries
and you're all that's like the fattiest
most unhealthy issue that you can get
but it's so good I love McDonald's fries
I'm not gonna lie anyway but yeah get
that but get it with no sauce or
vinaigrette and the macros on that is
actually pretty damn good I think it's
like barely 300 calories and the fat is
super low carbs it's still relatively
low compared like compared to other fast
food places or just other food that you
can get on the go
grilled chicken sandwich is kind of your
best friend and then so I'll order one
of those and then I get an unsweetened
iced tea so balm because it's just black
tea but with a lot of ice and yeah
that's my lunch so I had that and I'm
about to start packing because this
weekend or tomorrow because today's
Friday tomorrow Bart and I will be at
the Olympia in Nevada this will be the
first time that I'm there I've done the
Le FedEx boat I did the Arnold Classic
which is you know in Ohio Columbus Ohio
and that was a very cool experience
never been to Olympia so I'm super
excited to see what that is all about I
don't know why I'm doing these weird
accidents that aren't accidents from
anywhere around the world I think I just
like changing my voice but yeah my house
is a mess look at this such a mess oh
inquests I'm gonna be at the quest
booths oh they're so nice they always
hook me up with a bunch of goodies and
stuff I really love them as a company oh
shit leggings what what okay I'm never
done never done honestly this right here
is my favorite these are my favorite
chips seriously my favorite chips cuz
it's only two grams of fat five grams of
carbs five grams of carbs for my people
that track out there
that's good and 21 grams of protein 21
fucking grams of protein foot again baby
there goes that accent again but yeah
the macros are fucking amazing and they
taste pretty damn good they don't have
that that after that that artificial
sweetener aftertaste lingering around
which I really hate so everything like
that I think I'm gonna start packing but
first first phone always looks so
nervous oh you look so nervous why are
you following me then stretch don't
follow me then if you're so nervous you
pick bozo you big a bozo
you big bull funny it's time we talk
fine I've I have something to share with
you
Tyson's no longer with us fine
hey I know you didn't really like him
because he was grumpy but he's not with
us anymore how do you feel about that
how do you feel about that fun you can
talk to me you bozo you bozo thank you
you're the cutest girl that ever lived
hey Ricky hey Ricky walk in here as soon
as I heard the door open I knew you were
gonna be a little nosy guy and walk in
here changing we're about to start
thirty what time is there right now
since when do you care about being in
anything but that
thing I need to add filters you look
really fat right now sorry try maybe I
should color correct it oh I don't know
what I look like right now
nothing - all right so you heard we're
about to get ready for our barbell
general meeting and that means we split
up a bunch of people that specialize in
very specific departments within the
company and then they spearhead their
projects they push everything forward
and on Friday of every week we meet we
combine forces we become one unit and we
share what we did and what we've
accomplished in terms of the projects so
that way the company can move a lot
faster grow a lot quicker and we can
start expanding apparel and the gym and
send it out to you guys for everyone
that's like oh I wish there was a
barbell gym over here it's like now
we're working on it it's gonna come
sooner than later
so ayo but also today's gonna be a crazy
day just because we have this meeting
and then what else do we have after this
so we have a staff meeting and then a
general meeting so we have a general
meeting first general meeting first
awesome chemicals find parking
probably someone can make his father's
staff employee meeting and then we have
an interior designer meeting that's for
you and that's for Jake a barbell and
barbell I have a new office on a plane
and then we gotta get in on a plane to
go to Vegas to get and be at Olympia
that's why that suitcase is right there
we're sharing it this one that little
guy right there what's wrong with your
arm
baby are you eating enough you look so
embarrassed
look you know you look Jack baby for the
big motherfucker so we are in the middle
of our you know head of department
meeting so this is the management
meeting right so here's a Joe Aaron cero
P Choi Tony sure Oh where's Bart you ask
me later
one cup cocoa pebbles and one cup
Reese's peanut butter wait wait but
we're in a meeting
yeah it's brain food I said breaking
news you'll thank me later what does it
look like looks like this
what kind of milk is in there lactate
why it's not it's not the same with
lactate just I know coach your macros
freaking crazy this is actually not the
craziest thing he does what he actually
does I'm surprised he's even dressed
right now he's always out here just in
his underwear it's a bunch of men
sausage fest and this guy
so we just finished our lives well you
know what have enough this this is a
repeat cuz I don't know if wasn't
recording the first one but we're not
gonna have enough time to eat because we
have one more meeting and we have to go
to that provide away but these guys are
gonna be stupid and go get some ramen
and then you were doing a model of what
were you doing about modeling but I
didn't get that
alright so if you've never been to LA or
or if you have been telling but you
haven't seen the traffic that we always
complain about here you go
what ow this is all it but it's blown
out babe oh fuck so geo just got this
new camera I already said that Aries in
the video ok so just this new camera I'm
just trying to get you an excuse me of
the other freeway the 5 South but you
just got this new camera and we got this
so that it can be more cinematic and you
can have a much clearer and better
picture of our lives then the other
GoPro reason is kind of hazy and we
really want to share everything with you
and especially that look the fuzziest
fuck yeah but there's a lot of settings
so Gio's not use it yet and I gotta set
the settings but what she's trying to
show you guys is the traffic here and
this is what the traffic looks like it's
fucking good yeah that's what it pay me
the big bucks
but yeah that's the traffic I'm talking
about and it sucks being in a lower car
because then since I'm below and I'm
with everyone I feel like I'm just in
this trap like I'm just stuck with
everyone else but when I'm in like in
the Big Bear or if I'm like in a lifted
truck or something then I feel like
alright I can see the end of this dark
hole here like there's a light at the
end of the tunnel like I can see that so
I'm like a little bit more hopeful but
here I just get enraged on this like Oh
I just want to smash my car - people
like the alley road rage is no joke like
that shit is real like I catch myself
getting in rage sometimes I know Bart
you can't relate cuz you're you're a
pretty level-headed person but for me
like they'll be like if I'm stuck in
traffic and then I exit and they're just
like grandma crossing the street I'm so
fed up of waiting and having to like
stop they're like come on fucking
grandma walk faster and then I catch
myself and I'm like holy crap I need to
take a fucking chill pill and well I'm
enraged - I'm just not enraged at the
people around me I'm enraged at the
politicians because they know when
expansion is gonna come they can get
reports from the car companies how many
cars are being sold every year how many
cars are on the road and why is it every
time they expand the freeway they expand
it one lane at a time
they only expand it to fulfill what the
needs are but then by the time it gets
there like for example if they go oh
shits three lanes let's make it four
lanes by the time has fallen to me five
linx what they should do is just build
like a seven or eight lane freeway and
plan for the future that's what we
should do look at this we're stuck here
classic la Sol la we have freeways on
top of freeways right so we're on the
five right now this is us and then over
there is the five no that's the no that
is a five north and then above here is
the seven ten so but it's all clogged
and then over there is a sixty that
we're gonna get into so this is just
what we have to deal with this is some
bullshit look at that it's like stacked
but honestly I love LA and I can't find
myself growing old in any other city
than my city I love LA - yeah that's the
only issue that I feel I have with LA
well that in the homelessness I feel
like that can be a it's just the
politicians they don't know how to
overshoot things that's why I feel like
the best politicians are probably gonna
be prior business owners because they
know how to solve problems in
innovative ways politicians are having
own businesses most politicians do more
businesses though like what I don't know
like in an entrepreneurial spirit or
hand-me-down like george w bush got a
family that's different like if you
don't start from scratch you don't know
how to deal with trials and tribulations
you already know you just get something
that's already generating billions of
dollars a year and you're just fuckin
whatever you're doing it's already a
stabilized ecosystem you need to be put
through a obstacle course of being able
to handle your resources manage budgets
and still be able to solve problems and
make everyone happy when you power
entrepreneurs we need to get like the
Amazon CEO run the damn country Disney
CEO and they'll be fuckin so nice CEO
but oh we're not talking about anyone
you know what's ironic though you know
what's hella I run it back
Malaysia kicked Singapore away because
of different views and Singapore is a
newer country but because they got their
shit on lock Singapore
owns Malaysia and now Malaysia is like
the third world country and seeing the
boys about to be a world power
yeah they turn it up because they got
innovative thinking
well I was gonna say was ironic is that
I'm the one driving but in your hands
are free but I'm the one holding the
camera that's because you're a danger
Regina I love you papa
I'll get to mapa you're blurry you're
blurry you gotta wait till it focuses
focuses your blurry Wow
hi welcome nice quality oh my god it's
not like this or like this or like this
anymore
or me going like looking over here and
talking or looking over here and talking
it's not gonna be awkward anymore it's
like this cuz there you are you know
what I'm talking about
watch it watch it's all jacked up son
they're pointing in the wrong direction
no it's fairly it's fairly basic isn't
it right there here I'll know that to
you god this guy's fucking useless it's
funny she just died she's so happy her
mom and dad back she's ready the bed she
melted underneath greg is happy to baby
biggie cutie she is like in heaven cutie
I can't let her melt again color
I wish you could dear face so happy the
little guy said my turn would you pick
she doesn't melt bozo Twiggy
it's so happy to see you we're finally
home I know we're gonna take a shower
now not together shower together huh huh
you see it told you not to go take a
shower and watch a movie maybe I'm sure
I'm just gonna end up falling asleep
just like totally messed up and forgot
my new vlogging camera in the car
so we did this park and fly thing so you
basically drive to the airport you park
your car then you take a shuttle to the
airport so you can leave your car there
until you come back from your trip and I
left my camera in there and I didn't
figure it out until after I passed TSA
and I was about to vlog my experience at
the airport and I was like oh no so
that's why the footage from this point
on out for the rest of this weekend is
gonna look like crap zach-bots
and I'm shooting on my iPhone that's why
I forgot to mention I'm shooting on my
iPhone
Bart sitting with his aunt sorry
and we're eating sandwiches is our first
meal of today no second meal the first
meal was the artisan grilled chicken
sandwich that you saw me get and it's
the second one
we paid how much for this so the total
of 40 bucks for the sandwich the chips
the water times two that's $40 that's
what happens when you eat at the airport
so bad
three starting it seems like it's going
to be a bad trip but it'll be better I
know it'll be better for it in the plane
go into Vegas
going to Vegas on approach
all right currently nobody is sitting
next to me
Bart's sitting on this side all right
what are the chances that's gonna sit
next to us I think it's about 24% oh
that's really long all right I'll go on
and win me and I'll say it's about
weight become a person that people won't
or they will say excellent they want 76%
that they will Jeremih I'll say it's
fifty we are gonna figure something a
camel are you gonna gamble in Vegas even
though we spent so much money on a
freaking camera are you gonna gamble in
here in Vegas no why would you say that
money buy candy not even blackjack candy
candy
all right so forty minutes later we just
landed in our day but we're here that
age we wait I don't know I mean right
now we're trying to get some food yeah
because that's the first thing you're
supposed to do
is that no the first who were people
that's what I like to do there were
people on a plate I don't want to talk
to you just got off this way there were
people on our flight they're already in
their club clothes yeah I sure like this
dress my gambling place I'm gonna talk
clothes because I don't want them to
hear me but this girl was in a sequins
dress and she was ready to go she had
high heels like in her purse so when she
lands she fucking turns up
saying holy shit the taxi line is
fucking serious out here look at this it
goes all the way down there all the way
down there it goes I'm Ivan anyone in
the shop
it's like a fucking theme park there's
like all these like little ropes so that
we can zigzag through our way through a
fucking taxi ride speaking of vlogging
shout out you go get this man a date
what's your what's your stripper name
stripper name I'll choose my ig name
this is a lifting name is Filipino
Thunder Filipino thunder you know I can
follow him ladies only all right so
right now
silent Mike just invited bharden myself
to Disneyland and and then I was like
yeah I can't wait to get all on bread
it's gonna be a lot of fun and whatever
and I'm like oh well actually barzakh
she's gonna have to watch from the
sidelines because he's afraid of big
rides and then what did you say me yeah
I said fuck big rides I like Disneyland
I agree we're lying together roll right
Dumbo Peter Pan it's a small world the
chica know those you'll get dizzy about
the cars one I like the cars work I
haven't been on that I think it's too
new and I'm like you have you been on
the cars I like the suburbs are
summaries Nemo now a new
on the old one you know the cars one is
like legit cars now can you oh shit it's
gonna be off the rail
I don't look anymore like this and
you're like oh I can go three inches
this way and three inches this way like
a military jet car I'll be sick we'll
race come on
ever since Bart and I got together I
haven't been to Magic Mountain so that's
about seven years and I love Magic
Mountain sirs adrenaline junkies that
need to get a life we like the
experience at Disneyland oh I love
that's my jam
the magic moans too much fine no that's
with an F not a PA you got to go big
rats or the teacups until you felt about
each other he's out of his mind too
he'll fly out of it cuz the fucking
inertia
hi what are we doing we're doing a toast
- you guys getting married
buffalo wings are
cheese
you freakin
