good morning everyone just shower
getting ready for JK knees aka work and
out of nowhere I got a sneeze attack so
now I'm trying to prevent myself from
sneezing because I just did my hair so
every time I'd sneeze my entire hair
Wiggles and since it hasn't dried it
it's gonna dry in a funny way so I'm
gonna fun your predicament right now and
because it's wet I want to keep my hair
cocked back in my hair so heavy it ends
up drying down like in my face so this
is a funny morning and I'm hot I'm not
wearing any clothes imma start sweating
and we're in a really funny situation
and grandma for some reason is hiding on
the couch like always grandma why are
you hiding on the couch like always are
you relaxing okay take a loves grandma
so much in Spanish oh that's a cute
dress so I gotta prep my lunch but I got
some good stuff this time not so much to
lunch because I'm eating clean and the
meal preps are relatively the same but
I've been feeding a lot of chips and
chips are always high in calories so I
bought these guys pop chips it's only a
hundred calories each and they're
actually not bad at all there's only a
3.5 grams of protein so I got these guys
so that it can help me keep my calories
low while still kind of like satiate a
little bit of my desire I also got I so
pure protein and these guys are a
hundred and sixty calories and there's
40 tons of protein no fat no carbs I'm
trying to keep all my calories as low as
possible
what should I get from nice oh I've
never tried this one yet chicken fajita
ball let's bring this what a long day
today actually I have a JK news and then
I have a writers meeting after so I need
a break too
you're not one of those damn it how am I
gonna open this how to open this with
one than handsome huh yep you're all
just go on this side so these are my two
meals for today 600 calories 600 1200
that's good
now I gotta cool down I could put some
clothes on I was looking all over for
some clothes and I just realized that
it's in my luggage it's from the shoot
from the other day I have shoes pants
shirts and stuff in here that I haven't
unpacked
so I wanted to wear I wanted to wear
this great buddy this new bar ball one
and I just realized those in here I was
looking all over for and all I could see
was all of our January lunches this is
luggage or those chosen get mad at me
that's been sitting here for a week
oh for sure put this away today got my
hoodie and I got the rest of my clothes
I'll put this on when I stop sweating
and then I gotta take my vitamins this
is what my daily vitamin routine just a
couple creatine capsules multivitamin
fish oil BAM and I buy this brand
because it's the cheapest you don't yeah
you go to the store you'll you'll pay
for the murder but you won't do it
yourself
yeah which I love the supermarket just
systemized murder of animal
100% wholesale murder available well I
am against me big-game hunting
yeah but like elephants right oh yeah me
too because sometimes so for example
what I found out about life lion hunting
and stuff like that
is the money that they make from the
hunters goes to the reserve - okay and
that's their way of income but they do
it like at a control way
I just think it's not right if the
animals cute the cartoon cartoon cows
are cute where they got big old black
spots delicious delicious I've ever it's
 bombs first of all I'm not very
good at eating I was eating one of those
cake pops and I got it on my damn jeans
and I hope I can get this out second of
all following the plan right bees
because they're healthier and I can
avoid eating temptation as' what's the
word what's the word someone's like like
10 shoeless as 10 shoe is snack
turn the camera your eyes okay so I
don't know what happened but this bag
opened in front of me and now about half
or more than that well good thing is
Japanese so it's not that many calories
but I'm trying to stick to plan so I'm
gonna eat this bad finish it and I
always finish what I start and then I am
gonna eat this and I'm not gonna
anything else hopefully that's the go
wrong break right now and Patrick is
learning how to run the cameras cuz Ryan
has jury duty we finished shooting JK
news no Casey is over to work on the
script so we've been doing a couple of
passes on it and like I was telling you
like we went through like a scene pass
grammar pass now we're doing a joke pass
to make sure every page has the right
amount of funny and then and the demons
gonna come later and he's been recording
me training he's gonna record some of
the joke passes and then interview me
Steve Casey and Joe just so that I want
to start a little series on this vlog
channel let me know if you guys want to
but I want to dedicate a little part of
the vlog channel to the making of the 30
second series for the movie so for those
of you guys I want to specifically
follow along maybe like one video a
month or one video or two videos a month
you guys can see the progress of the
movie cuz in the beginning it's gonna be
really really slow until once we start
shooting they'll be really fast but let
me know in the comments below if you
guys want to see that because it'll be
cool to like kind of be able to have his
own mini-series and not have to dig
through a bunch of like types of
shooting this diaper just to see where
the movies at we all just ate Joe's on
his phone Casey and TIFF are working on
some stuff Steve is outside bringing his
uh laptop then I caught fire cousin with
this bad boy and we're gonna get ready
to write and what's funny is we're gonna
compute a connected computer to this TV
and I think in this office we literally
use this TV maybe twice and this will be
the third time but this time is really
productive there's a million movie just
finish writing with Steve Joe and Casey
and I'm waiting for my uber waiting for
the who were to come pick me up I feel
really good about our script we beefed
it up added some jokes and I think it's
gonna come off really good and I hope
it's not one of those things where we
feel like it's awesome and then we end
up shooting it and everyone thinks it
sucks because you know like I think it's
really a lot of people will judge movies
really hard but they don't realize how
hard and me included you know I'll see a
movement I'm gonna do that should have
 sucks ass but they probably
thought it was the best I don't think
anyone moves forward thinking that
they're gonna try to make a shitty movie
because it's so expensive so I'm hoping
that every step of the way when I feel
good the final product will also be good
but now I'm gonna go home and see my
baby boy tied up and seen him all day I
saw him this morning and that's it so I
can't wait to see him
ma bear just finished getting her hair
done so I can't wait to see her hair is
supposed to be gray or silver so let's
just probably look pretty hot
I thought supposed to be Greg it looks
blue oh it is it is yeah I have to keep
lightening it up Oh more I go in I'll
bow lighter and light or light or else
my hairs I also have to keep going in
more than ic-disc in Cosmo baby I think
you for telling me mr. Jose de beber how
is it dear mr. look baby
he's got a stuffy nose my mom so shy to
give him this Duffing nose she's
teething so that's what's happening so
he's been kind of under the weather
it looks so cute so can you move it
maybe little face no cuter every day
can't believe it can't believe I'll kill
you look I'm so tired ready
I think I'm gonna try to sleep early
tonight last night Tycho's TV and all
that and got like the worst sleep ever
we woke up being a couple of times at
2:30 couple times at 3:00 and stayed up
like a whole hour kind of come to sleep
they put mostly finally at 3:30 and then
you woke up again at 5:00 of course now
he's hungry so our sleep was pretty
messed up all right now I'm just
plugging in my charger to charge my
laptop for the night so I could take it
to work tomorrow and this is why I
charged my laptop and I also use this is
all my charging station to charge the
camera
because it's convenient I just take it
in the morning I load my backpack
that's why here looks nice oh you can't
cuz of the color yeah you have to put
any oils to like moisturizer yeah see
this is it gray looks blue still Oh fine
yeah well it'll be great sorry
I believe you you do nice looks awesome
yeah we're time so we're gonna call it a
night here and we're gonna sleep see you
guys tomorrow bye
