good morning guys it is bright and early
today I'm kind of excited because I get
to drive grey worm again
so um couple days ago I was on the
freeway like there was like just to
breathe I was on the freeway I couldn't
move away fast enough so I had to just
go over it and I think I was like
leaking air or something but my entire
life kept going on I was going crazy and
it didn't know which tire it was or
anything like that so I got it check I
got it checked out yesterday
sorry I'm holding my bag out of my trunk
right now why did I checked out
yesterday and everything's cool they
inflated all my tires and they resent my
life Oh shot up the Grand Prix and
Monterey Park
they're super dope because um I told him
I didn't know which tire was deflated or
which one had a leak and they inspected
all four of mine and what they said was
there really isn't a leak it's just the
tires were low maybe because of the
temperature change I got hot to cold and
did an inspection then we set my life
and I was I don't call so how much is
that gonna be I'll send her assistant to
go over and pay for it and they said not
free of charge and I'm like that so I
made me feel really good so I said uh uh
Julie oh it's not my assistant but I
just you just say that over the phone I
said Julia over to go pick up my Carter
and Jake aid news yesterday I just gave
him 20 bucks no y'all just took for 20
bucks I said thank you so shoutouts the
Grand Prix more important I love people
I do go above and beyond what they need
to do they could have charged me like
even like I don't know how much for that
one in our inspection and to reset the
light but didn't do it I thought that
was really cool one thing that's not
cool though
is this so yeah I know that we don't own
these parking spaces in front of the
houses you know like we only own the
parking space in front in the driveway
but common courtesy says don't park in
the parking space in front of someone's
house but people do it all the time like
for example I automatically
I automatically assume that that parking
space belongs to this house so I would
never park here
I'd rather park in front of that Park
than to park here and I assume that
those two parking spaces belong to this
house even though yes they are public
property but for some reason people
really really like parking in our
parking space so when I come home late
at night and everything's taken I don't
want to I don't want to park here one of
someone else's house so I just not
parking outside of it which is
technically you're not supposed to but
since we live in a gated community
there's like not really a meter maid or
cops that come and not really enforce it
but if this guy could have just parked
there cuz I've never even seen this car
before so I don't know who it belongs to
if you've had a part of their instead of
park in front of someone's house I could
have just parked here yeah some people
are just this is interesting how
people's like common sense are you know
like I mean I get it it's it's public
property but I also get it's like it's
like you know at the supermarket right
and like I get it it's not illegal to be
hella close on someone but if someone's
looking like at the juice section and if
you're like your face is this far away
from the back of their neck and your
crotch is like this far away from their
butt that's weird so common courtesy
tells you like yell back off get some
breathing room I'm trying to get some
breathing room for the house go to the
gym so got to the office a little bit
early today so we get some work done the
personal admin worked on my emails and
stuff
and Buffett grab a water and a drink and
we've been restocking our fridge and we
got some good stuff
I'm really happy with this cuz you know
because of like a lack of sleeping on
that all the work and then you can only
say that shit all the time best and it's
that's that's probably annoying but I
need caffeine and most people can drink
this right that was like it's monster
boost you up but the sugar in it so I
request it for low calorie almost zero
calorie and I got Starbucks cold brew
unsweetened sock then loving this guy
but the selection that we have is pretty
awesome they got a shot which is almost
zero calories this thing's delicious
slightly sweetened apple juice or apply
the kids coke sprite the og so we even
got some classy drinks Pellegrino this
sweet tea is literally the best sweet
tea on the planet if you ever drink this
note be like man I can't believe this in
a bottle
it tastes like homemade we have another
whole array of zero Tyler drinks because
people are always die conscious and then
we got water so I'm probably gonna grab
one of these guys and grab that cherry
yeah zero calories but yeah the JK guys
I've been doing a really good job
restocking all the snacks half of these
snacks they can't really eat though
those Japanese ones they can I didn't
know why Japanese why American snacks
can't be as as a diet friendly as
Japanese - RJ cane is days you know
there's like a ton of Japanese snacks on
the shelf I can eat a bunch of them and
stay within my caloric limits cuz all
the morning like like maybe like 5 grams
of fat 10 grams of fat and then you get
my flamin hot cheetos were like Fritos
or something all of a sudden 2030 grams
of fat on my fuck here you need that
tennis thing was get stuck son of a
bitch son oh there we go nice all right
cool time to get some work done before I
go on with the meeting got back home and
now we're in a rush cuz we gotta take
Titus PT appointment meanwhile momma has
to change em real quick
you gotta zoom in on this close though
look at what's on is closed what is that
little Tigers you know what we got a
little tiger over here this is what I do
so that he doesn't cry you have to keep
them entertained but look at these ads
though oh it's pretty good as for a baby
that's pretty crazy good okay okay we
gotta go we gotta go good as my stuff
mr. baby baby
Jamie look we smile no this is black
thing in front of my face just a smile
there's this my ID like okay let's put
on those pants just put on the bunt
alone is how do you say panting Chinese
Coulson it's put on the coop then I got
big eyes I got three guys it's good
come on don't there's me mother but then
hmm the Jewish man no yep Yeah right
I bet you you didn't wash your hands but
my hands are clean hey you came from me
so we have the same germs Amy - what are
you doing digging through the candy you
come my candy back
you know how old you are yeah can't
believe you still like these kids candy
well I thought you were 25 okay yeah you
are yeah you do
you've been working out really hard this
is where Jill gets her candy craving
from her mom
Jill's the fucking candy theme two L's
counties in there they're not in there
anymore are they they're gone they're
all fake it's kind of chilly out so we
got a hugger on Tiger Tiger Tiger Tiger
on tiger
all man it smells good around here is
our restaurant
a small smokey would no you go and I'm
ordering put in the door Danny freakin
can deliver
like it slow but but do you not a pity's
name do you know did you find out there
there's like 20 business cards over
there how do you know
it's not those names Dave right the ears
on his head but his tongue out I got it
I got it
little tyke are doing a little bit of PT
action getting it a little neck fixed Oh
turning this little boy good boy tiger
left sides doing great
ooh a spending action got pay attention
to the wrong place there it is
Oh this next one is so good thanks
grandma
she's like I did that
nice so I'm gonna look for is that his
arms are in similar position so like
this one is out here and it feels this
this one he kind of wants to fold back
is this arm tight to some of the muscles
of your neck they attach to the ribs oh
yeah yeah
reach for it there you go boy
what's that thing exercising you give
them a post-workout protein shake yeah
nice getting that body rotated
sometimes when I'm handling here my here
is like bones crack - is that normal
I feel like a chiropractor like ever
felt that before no you little piece of
rubber
boy loosen those hips up boy what does
that just like stretches glue it out
still pretty good huh
I think he's doing awesome good boy mr.
tigar so we just finished his a little
PT session when we brought him into the
pediatrician and the pediatrician was
saying that his left side of his neck is
kind of tight and he had trouble moving
into his left side so it's always to the
right which is why we started PT we
don't just bring him here for fun but
he's making a lot of progress and a lot
of is due to grandma grandma's been
doing a great job
Oh what is that she stood into the
corner again oh grandma fell ill up at
the wall so grandma has did a great job
and as you guys can see he's able to
move his head all around and one thing I
also really like is they're already
starting to exercise his core cuz if one
side is tight then this entire left side
is going to be tight which means his
right sides gonna be relaxed so he's
gonna be underdeveloped there so PT is
doing a really good job of making sure
that his entire body is in balance and
he's doing a really really good job you
can see those little abs moving around
so he's gonna be a healthy boy aren't
you tight boy yeah yeah a little
six-pack boy no I can't fit through all
those cars you did so good today
now you're so relaxed and tired huh what
a great workout you look beat little
feet no I'm gonna go home did so good
I'm so proud of you tiger
se12 asada tacos please
to our pastor tacos please
yeah and then also can I get a Pina
water yeah thank you
oh yeah about to get some grub
so hungry we stopped by here cuz how its
next to Jill's brother's house and look
at that meat
look at that yummy as meat delicious oh
yeah you know what I really like about
this place they also got all this salsa
this one is more like red face if this
one has a little bit more of avocado in
it and then this one is green but I am
so excited I'm starving I haven't ate
since lunchtime what about you yeah good
call on the taco truck how much is it 24
bucks oh yeah oh my God look at that
that looks delicious
ma bears carrying my bears Karen the
yummy pineapple water and I got the
goods ready to go home
Wow grandma its watch it's taking care
of the other goods the little baby got
home time to eat got my burrito in my
hand
tacos this is what I love about this
place the grilled onions got our
pineapple water tacos cucumbers and
lemons really are they dry I could lick
it directly at me like can I get some
too no don't do that very soon I want to
feed you so bad my boy I know
oh that's a good bite oh yeah
so as you can see it's very dark right
now mama took Tiger upstairs and I just
made sure that these guys peed for the
night we turn it on the little white
noise maker cuz it's time for all of us
to go to sleep so see you guys tomorrow
good night
