hey what's up guys this morning after
the workout
we took a shower and geo is looking
mighty nice and she's doing makeup in
the mirror from like 20 feet away well
why are you using double mirrors because
this one is for my eyelashes I like to
expand and grow a certain a certain ways
that I can get it from the roof oh I get
it from the Runa all right you know it's
birthdays and the reason why we look so
nice is today is g'day g'day for David
lame and I could take away today we're
shooting ask the feels and for ask the
feels since it's more about
relationships and stuff we're trying to
look better and more presentable as if
we're going on a date to try to create
different branding because right now JK
we film all the different shows
relativity in the same place and yes we
choose different angles the branding
isn't that much different so we're
trying to change the branding up and so
as the feels one of them is to look like
you would actually want to date us
instead of looking like slobs like we do
in like JK news or something so these
are my choices for today I got this
button up this was actually supposed to
be my wedding shirt Gio bought me she
bought me I think like three or four
different wedding shirts to pick and
then I picked the one that's that you
guys see in histogram and then the other
videos and I'm probably not gonna wear
that ever again just because it's
special to me so I'm never gonna wear
that and then I got this shirt that I'm
gonna wear and then I got this shirt
that I'm gonna wear and I got this shirt
that I'm gonna wear and the problem with
shooting ask to feel so much is that we
need to wear for Turk's every time so we
can switch it up but then I'm starting
to run out of clothes and you know me
I'm a ghetto motherfucker so I'm not
used to buying so many clothes but if
you look at the old JK videos I used to
wear the ghost of the bish shirt all the
time and then the only time I change
clothes when I was a different character
so for me like anything
over seven shirts and like three pairs
of pants is redundant but I do know like
a lot of people they express themselves
through fashion it is also a creative
part so I'm starting to learn that a
little bit but I'm trying to you know
push back the Asian parent side of me
and try to understand the modern
generation and it is fun to try on
different clothes and this is Gio's get
up what do you have you have a black
shirt black dress and our orange dress
and then a Queen of Sparta dress a shirt
it doesn't off your shoulders you're
putting on bronzer don't just stop here
that's beauty 101 from Gio and be like
to get ready to a lot of Hawaiian and
Jamaicans have the music of the song
chill
so is breaky bring you be chilling oh
did I wake you up sorry bring the oh
you're happy looking a wedgy little tail
and we got funny funny bear
oh look is I love the one that puppies
know their name
so you
they never look at me on my a bitch hey
bitch
nothing can I go fun fun oh you know the
name we little blacks now you'll let the
blacks now oh I just noticed hurts now
matches the tip of a tail from her nose
to her tail is black you'll let the
black tip monster
I'll break is tired geo bot me yummy
lunch and this is like our go to lunch
when we need to eat clean and we need to
eat fast you know we got time we go
inside of a restaurant a I always get
the artisan grilled chicken sandwich
with no sauce so it's like liver like 6
grams of fat no sauce chicken I put that
ketchup in there with no fat in there no
saying that they should get that because
of the reason that you're giving why is
it I have a moment though cuz they're
gonna hear it again they're gonna be
like already heard it no but this time
it's from uh it's a credible it's from
the master master of plaster and Tommy
and Julia are ready did you ask the
feels there are the ones that are behind
the scenes of the cameras camera speeds
lights camera and we didn't also use
this you should totally get this I get
this like every single day like part was
saying so much so that the girl that
takes my order um I've already seen her
shift multiple positions so she's she's
taking my order and that's where you
know they do the intercom thing and then
you pay them that's the girl and then
she's also handed me my my meals
multiple times she seen me with my dog
so she knows when I'm all about so I
think every time she hears three artists
in chicken sandwiches no vinaigrette
she's like oh it's Gio she owes here and
she hooks it up why she doesn't really
hook it up but she just says what's up
to me and she's really pretty
but yes you should've cinnabar it and
get this because it's super low fat well
guess what huh you already talked about
another vlog say that this is brand-new
it did it to do
do my leg itches here what do you mean
hitched so Tommy and Julie over here
we're very nice and they bought us this
wedding gift and there's two free bears
because they know where the bells you
know what's cute that I just realized
what put the camera over there and I'll
put it in the shot does this look
familiar incidence the Rick you don't
they're super cute their faces look at
that little look at their little arms
look at the positive paws these guys
right there even like a different shade
of brown you know when I was a kid every
time wise to go on hikes with my parents
or on field trips I would always look in
the dirt to see if I can spot any tracks
me too
but oh is that a coyote track they were
usually dogs not a lion track or horses
not okay the horses no no I'm saying
like you would think that but then when
you really look at it they're probably
just horse tracks or dog tracks or human
tracks well I can tell the difference
well every once in a while I'll see like
a coyote track coyote cuz it's a bigger
dog tracks like if you look at those
little is it that I should pretty close
when you look at the bigger animals
their pads are actually way further away
even if it's like a Malamute or like one
of those big st. Bernards that I don't
know I fucked a beer to hell in my bed
no these guys are cute so for today's
episode of ask the fields we have a
guest
Shannon whom I've met at this MTV pilot
being hosting thing yes which I shot
it didn't Oh what happened to it and
doesn't go anywhere you know what it's
great about that well actually here
right now yes while you were getting
married
which makes me a dick no cuz I was
harassing her I was like Julia did you
hit up Shannon because our schedules so
hectic that we couldn't even solidify a
day of 1/2 you're preventing me from
being in Julia I made it happen right
she's here now this is the first shoot
ever since the last one that we did put
something on her shoulders it's
offensive fancy today yeah with you I
have a pretty big nibble the funny thing
is he has really small tables and I have
really big nipples let's see yeah mom
let me way too small the cover is nipple
with the pinky bigger you know I mean
not like that look at that
my fucking nipple I got a lot of heroes
out oh yeah you do you do you have a
massive areola well yeah do you guys
like your nipples to be played with or
sucked
of course you know I have a lot of see
the more areola the more sensitivity of
my feelings do you like it okay I like
playing with so now they have to take
pictures for thumbnails for the videos
and this is the first time we're ever
doing this and we're all lost we don't
know what to do because it's the first
time we're doing it that's pretty cool
that's good I like that the body
language looks like he's hitting on her
that does look pretty good actually
easy that's how we do it that's how we
do it professionals let me see can you
show the camera okay show me oh that's
pretty good even though it's not focused
but yeah there we go
that's pretty good that's better than
our usual thumbnails Oh what do you guys
think do you like our normal thumbnails
which is just screenshots of the actual
video or you like that one I think I
like that I like those better next one
it's going to be I guess it's gonna be
you feeling self-conscious of how you
can you come let's do the mirror coming
in the mirror they all coming in the
mirror trick I think you're coming and
then you're kind of disgusted at the way
you're coming yeah maybe just sit in the
chair and he's not motioning it's a
thumbnail how did you like shooting the
first episode of ask the feels with us
yeah the questions like I'm surprised
some in the last five minutes and
someone actually get finished in five
minutes because our last question was
like a 10 second one then you know went
to the direction of the friend that you
guys have made online and how people can
like audition to become your friends it
all makes sense and I got some good
information for me too because I'm
trying to like join up with the crew so
when I met Shannon on the set of the MTV
piloting I thought Shannon would be
perfect for the show because she's
actually an author of a sex book and I
was like oh dope because she could
probably answer all kinds of questions
that we can answer so can you give us a
little background about like your book
and your education and all your
experience and sexology for
some people are really good the piano
yeah good that's next I didn't really
have an outlet for it so I have like a
super shitty teen sex life like most
people do and then I wrote a book 19
that I started you didn't get published
till I was 24 and that book was called
laid and after that I went to school in
my sex education counseling
certification is that how to degree in
journalism and I went back to school got
my associate in sex education and now
I'm finishing my clinical sexologist
certification so that I can start
counseling people and working in like a
clinical setting so I just like sex I
like talking about it like learning
about it and Bart is like super dope and
honest like the two of you guys like do
you do three sounds I will join thank
you yeah I never been asked to do a
threesome before that's so interesting
hey Joe Shannon just asked me and Jill
if we'd be down to do it threesome lunch
time I got the Tokyo patty I think it's
just a hamburger but they call it a
Tokyo patty I haven't tried it yet it's
probably Asian flavors got chicken
teriyaki and I got mixed I see me and
right I'm trying to protein overloading
this motherfucker and carbo
right now so I'm trying to get as much
as I can
what did you get babe I got teriyaki
beef but I told them to hold the
teriyaki and give me food
so I can just leave and then just wander
it's a lot cleaner and a lot less value
and then me white rice and salad toes
running away I'll come here foods not
here
they taught me I'll come here foods not
here what did you order
I love soba hey genus what did you order
oh it looks like I have banana from this
angle I don't forget to show me the
sauce okay and the wasabi wasabi tea
show me the wasabi it usually comes with
the fish right there
show me those sabi what is the most
obvious
okay now rub your eye
we're back for the second session and I
think today's gonna be a long day
because we start at an hour later and
its 7:35 we're going to end at 10:00
10:30 but we have vagina joining us oh
is it squiggly it's probably squiggly
what were you doing earlier that to get
squiggly black hand or mouth in there
the obstacle person that made the
popsicle in the factory you know I love
popsicles what are you eating Tommy
these fruit snacks fruit leathers yes
what you just did yeah eating a popsicle
girls can't eat popsicles online because
if you come gifts I'd mind this way
though oh I said gifs - is it just her
gifts doesn't matter what it is is just
renounce it so is it gifts or gifs cuz
I'm confused yes yes you rap you didn't
have my evening pages its graphs just
are you educated is it gifts are just
babe
no is it gifts or gifts it's miss here
Mexican is it gifts or gifs Julia gifs I
don't know tomato tomahto okay so no one
knows what the hell it is and we work in
a media company let me know if it's
gifts or gifs in the comments below cuz
I want to know and tell me
yes the right answer because I want to
sound educated everyone uses you for
your boobs because at least a million
views per video it doesn't matter it
doesn't matter how good the video is
that the thumbnail sucks it's not gonna
get that many views but you can have a
shitty video and yeah if you have big
boobs in the thumbnail then you can get
a million views why wouldn't you you
should you should maximize them wait how
come you guys aren't doing this together
what's going on over there why is my
wife naked what the hell is going on
okay
so Tommy's taking photos of my naked
wife the word wife is so funny because
if it's just like you but to fuck my
wife Tommy you try to fuck my wife cuz
when it's girlfriend it sounds odd lie
hard like oh you what the fuck my
girlfriend but no what is your wife it's
like oh you want to fuck my wife what do
you weigh
how you do fuck so the next one is
virgin girl that hasn't got a period for
two months can't even see your mouth oh
there you go
you look like a ninja you didn't get
labia implants enlarge them you had to
fuck my life this one so deal you're
gonna be the center of attention girl
who hasn't had appeared for two months
and I guess like everybody else around
you would just give you non-patent or
tampons and I'm wearing white shorts and
I couldn't do a blood in my shorts
this is all the trouble we have to go
through to come up with creative
thumbnails but so far it's pretty fun
though
finally made it back home it is 11
o'clock and we're really tired and asked
appeals are pretty long days it's very
Scimitar just kidding news but I think
the part that makes it a little bit more
tiring and just kidding news and just
kidding news were just discussing the
topic and we kind of discuss it we think
of different perspex with pet pecking
talk makeup different perspectives
makeup therefore hypotheticals flip the
background for them trying to analyze
the subject but you don't have to come
up with any solutions but on ask the
fields people call in because they want
to hear a solution or they want to see
if you can help them better their
situation so when you have to conflict
resolute is that even the word their
conflict resolved it's it's that much
more tiring what do you think babe yeah
no I agree a hundred percent um that
coupled with the fact that Jay can use
has six sometimes seven people so it's
seven different mind seven different
perspectives that you can kind of sit in
and just kind of build upon opposed to
own asset fills where there's only four
minds for people it becomes very taxing
because although the segment is two
minutes shorter it's just that much more
work because you're just like if you
kind of run out of content or you feel
like you don't know much about you know
the topic at hand you're kind of like
looking at each other like oh how do we
fill up the rest of these like minutes
that we have to talk about so it becomes
very challenging and at the end of the
shoot were just like crawling out of the
office because we're like mentally just
mush
so pretty much gonna call it a night
here I think Omar just came in and this
is his last day in LA so I probably grab
some dinner with them but uh I'm just
gonna call it a night
see you guys tomorrow hey what's up
beautiful people it's like I never left
buddy I know what are you doing have
some business stuff to do oh cool tell
me all your secrets what's going on what
kind of secrets are going on let's just
say it involved a fucking adventure in
the city
oh that marathon thank you it was so
intense I pitched a bar to come she's
she's opening up put this on no all
right so now we're really gonna call it
a night and the team's gonna come eat
with us right because she hasn't hit his
Mac was yet it was training hard I got
50 bucks on you you're my nephew didn't
bet on me last I did know I did with
Mike I bet 50 bucks so I bet 50 bucks
that my nephew is gonna beat Joe kick
his fucking ass no offense Joe that's
efficient all offense Joe you see this
beer fuck Joe by not even eating not
even eating and not even training yeah
are you gonna turn in one morning
no I'm crazy no it's already finished a
workout the day earlier Oh whew this
morning all right I'll be that today
okay I see the oil actually tomorrow
night what sir me too I'm gonna go to
the restaurant right now and see you
there
I'm gonna say I'm gonna say this because
I can't say it to your face
congratulations Bart and Geo you guys
had this beautiful glorious wedding that
I wasn't excited and I'm just so happy
for you guys
you were on the show all congrats on
winning the show
