we got up this morning and then we had a
random passionate talk about barbell
brigade apparel in bed and we lost track
of time so now we're in this huge rush
is now it's nine fifty and we got to
make it to JK News at 10:00 good thing
we live close but still some are pairs
now in a rush setting her legs on fire
with lotion how much more time do you
need man a minute literally two minutes
okay five all right I'm gonna be in the
car and wait for you okay this is one of
the many talents and yes that's my
ringtone that duck sound but this is one
of the many talents that Gio has she can
be in the car in a rocky ass car and
still put on her makeup I've even seen
her drive and put makeup on it's
horrible don't put out there it's
currently 958 two minutes before we're
late let's see if we get there on time
Yeah right I'm not gonna be recording
while driving because that would just be
dangerous maybe I am because now it's a
green light fuck but I am go double
green double green better catch the
Double Tree oh gosh triple green triple
green let me go and the Ducks going off
triple green up cut someone off sorry
guy but we got a shoot JK news we don't
know how to budget our time crazy fucked
up we spent too much time fucking around
this morning
damnit cars okay its 9:58 still maybe I
am just gonna hold on to this this whole
time while the Ducks keep quacking away
I don't know who's looking from a 959 oh
it's 9:59
I'm literally flooring it oh my god are
the kids
all of this is a closed off set we're
actually on a movie set and this is not
legal
and this funky son I am or not you're
plugging I am driving you're driving
fucking fast alone I have to focus on
driving I'm serious you're making me
really nervous
okay haha so we just got to the office
now we're not I thought its 10:03 we're
in the complex we're in the complex the
eagle has landed three minutes late
which is fucked up because everyone is
probably like 5 to 10 minutes early if
they're responsible and yes I see Joe's
car sees Tommy's car I see Julia's car
and we fucked up tiff right there she's
late too oh my goodness I'm just gonna
use the excuse that it blocked me on the
freeway and I could have been here early
dude isn't makes it hard that I'm going
in you're gonna be laying on your own
babe I'm going in I'm going inside I'm
going and can't be late I'm going in I'm
going in sorry guys I'm late sorry guys
Jill's the real late one she's still in
the car and she's been lagger
Oh everyone's late everyone's on Hawaii
time she touches can't believe you're
late
oh really now you know I was here the
whole time I saw you come in
I was in a business meeting with Joe and
I saw you come in and guess what you're
five minutes late
Oh watch disappoint
but your titties are humongous so I
excuse you hey fun just had a business
meeting with Joe I was not late I had a
meeting with Tommy I was not late at all
I had a makeup discussion or Julia I was
not late we have two invisible JK news
guests and hosts today oh right the good
old flat tire trick why is it that wife
beaters can be considered business
casual for women this isn't a wife
beater and it sucks that it's a wife
beater
for my man hog but for men it's the
uniform of domestic violence why why is
it for men it's the uniform of domestic
violence but for women tank top and it's
meant to hug the curves of the woman
sides a wife beater yes oh oh is that
your car
so TIFF came not only late but also is
obstructing people's businesses oh my
goodness you with the wife beater on how
about to beat husband Mike you always do
like you always do see Julia knows
what's up she just stays there and so
doing her makeup I'm done I'm eating
she's late fuck so you're stuffing your
face with breakfast yeah now breakfast a
snack Oh what's the difference not a
meal mmm Julia is that she's still doing
her makeup
no she's just adding the finishing
touches I can tell from the pallet
pallette box she's using fine I love you
are you serious yeah like that's real
like excuse me I already apologized you
know give me attitude
oh goodness oh shit give his Cory's all
shaking his head oh my I should have
told me I don't know I know oh no Jill
was yelling at me inside so I couldn't
hear
dude we should have fucked his ass up
which one is it the one with the old
lady you know there's you know there's
the the old lady that always tells us to
move our cars I was bald what do you
look like he looked like he had glasses
like this some asian do with the polo
shirt and lasses I already employed
a little bitch I like how you created
that entire story to explain why you're
late good job I like how you resort to
hiring actors and writers to come up
with that entire story to explain why
you are late fucking mastermind yeah
yeah mastermind of mischief are you a
porcupine today you're such a porcupine
today I'll come around pokey cuz you're
picking on people I'm not picking on
people why are you picking on her you
saw when she was coming you have her on
film you fool everyone it's ethically
it's been documented that I would not
leave today document who decided to show
up using the good old-fashioned flat
tire excuse
mmm-hmm I did I just snatch at the bitch
that made me late also you even hired a
fake hire product just so that you could
pretend have a flat tire huh camera now
cuz they're dealing with this asshole
all morning it can't just the truth with
my fault I'm sorry he's completing my
bed why did you give that you look so
beautiful you look gorgeous
through this camera yeah no I never said
that Hey well I actually took that as a
compliment till they pointed that out
why did you say that no it is a
compliment I had to go while everybody
it was less fun are you messing up the
cameras again Tommy yeah never fucked up
because me alright it's got a vertical
we're talking time with air right you
know what you fucking do it so I thought
hey do you need so much she goes no I
got this and I'm like all right right
and so I was like cool I was watching
her she no idea what the fuck she was
doing right and I think that she didn't
want to ask for help because she thought
that because I'm a male and I was asking
him she needed help to like she's been
all feminazi about it now that oh what
the fuck
and she doesn't really didn't know she
was doing and so I looked at her and I
just got already irritated that point
did she respond to me and I just was at
a distance and I was like did you put
coins in there and she goes no and I was
like well then it's not gonna work
and she was fine okay so she goes and
she put some coins and then I'm like did
you hit the button then she goes double
so she went back three times to see to
put air in the Sheedy and do like the
fucking regular ship was some money in
the button wasting my fucking time and
boo
you don't have to pay money you can I
know she didn't I asked but that she was
she was like to try to put in the air
one was that she just didn't you know
what think you do it and so she could
like back and forth then she goes I'm
not sure
I hear talking to her boy on the phone I
was like the gauge is actually on there
you can see and then she just like she
was there for about 20 minutes cuz you
know if I look at what she's doing
that's gonna do abyssion I know how did
you get a flat tire did you is it a leak
Danielle in there and so Oh over there
this is like leaking out slowly such as
any things I see
yeah cool who do who refuse to your help
this girl who's no maybe you got the
nail from your house cuz there's no
construction yet yeah I'm guessing
that's what's wrong
all right right yes is he does
construction so when he would come back
he would bring ah all these cars look at
all these fuzz bottom it's too much
money man this is the back of Jill's
Nick I put away so far we like you
remember private moment the log of U so
Foley uses quantum don't be like that
mrs. Kwan how do you like the sound of
that now now that were in the normal
world so weird oh where are we rolling
I gotta quit fucking around David
explain to me explain to me tell me
about your reasoning for why you have to
have this camera addiction of yours no I
don't have to have it it's just
something that I
but tell me how you rationalize why you
need to expensive as cameras I have the
a7r - right yeah so the a7 r2 is my
little photos and so it has a 42
metaphysic sensor which old it doesn't
it's not exactly a medium format camera
but it makes it close enough to it yeah
and uh why would you ever need a medium
format camera just because I wanted all
those photos that we have in Hawaii I
can only blow it up to this big if I
wonder if you guys wanted to fat photo
like huge we wouldn't need you guys who
has ever me who has ever requested a big
ass Anthony has yeah it wasn't big
enough personally this big what I think
Oh
or you can take it to like Kinkos or
something or like Sammy's and I'm do it
for one time yeah they could do it with
it it's just like it's not the same you
want to have that pixel density so when
you blow into Superman and then ago so
for that one time just in case you're
gonna spend like 3 G's okay you have a
very expensive watch what does that have
to do with anything right my investments
return I'd make money now what are you
talking about you my blog have you seen
my book you watch the Hawaii vlog that I
shot of you guys are better sick it's
fucking dumping shit
I'm pretty sure you guys would
appreciate it much but okay so why do
you need the second camera that now the
second time is different because I was
trying to get boobie shots of Gina and
japheth er it was too dark so super
grainy and I forgot I forgot that the a7
r2 though it's decent in low-light it's
not as good because it has such a high
pixel density in the sensor so when you
have a lower megapixels right they die
on you they absorb more light so that's
why when you have a 12 megapixel sense
there's so much better low
compared to the board of two negatives
so I'm getting the a7s2
because it can also record 4k with the
low-light capability and as a five axis
stabilizer so when I shoot with my FG
lenses which don't have a motion
stabilizer it'll have very steady shots
but if you not how often during in a
shoe and know like I'll be fooled
everybody he's using big words to
confuse you how often are you gonna
shoot has to confuse them often are you
gonna shoot in no like shoot boobies are
no like all the time dude I have my
pepper just like no but I will listen
it's going to I'd like you see look at
all you did David loved this cameras ooh
I do love my camera you just ordered the
what did you order a pre-order you don't
come in and probably in about a month
but you guys get the benefited from too
so like I do the living out loud blogs
right yeah I mean those things don't get
as much use my regular vlog but I do it
because you guys enjoy the footage that
I bring out both those videos are
awesome I like those vlogs cuz the only
things I watch on your channel I will
support anything else I edited the first
one the first one has a lot of Ewing it
the whole I would literally just you
like naked jumping around it's awesome
I'm gonna get a lot of debating on
whether I should put you as a thumbnail
or this girl's booty cheeks
depends on what the title is bikini
somebody's oh that's hard to say that so
we just came back from lunch and we had
a good ass time reminiscing about Hawaii
how crazy my mom is how crazy my dad is
and I got about 25 minutes before we
have to start filming again so uh now
I'm gonna take my usual nap to get
re-energized and I'll see you guys a
little bit hello that's up Anthony yeah
that's freaking cute no you are
hey Todd I'm gonna say I'm gonna say to
this cuz I can't say it to your face
congratulations
Bart and geo you guys had this beautiful
glorious wedding that I wasn't and I'm
just so happy for you guys you were on
the show all congrats on winning the
show he would say oh he's gonna vote for
quest or something every time oh you
think you guys killed it tonight oh no
wait that was fuckin time good stuff
that I brought to you but you know just
want you to feel guilty when you wear it
oh why would I feel guilty
shut up oh you know we were out in
Pasadena eating at have you been to
18:10 the argentinian restaurant
no and there's this kid i was walking by
wearing a kinder shirt no way mother
that's fucking Thai still waiting for
that day when I see some shit and I'm
totally not even gonna say what's up I'm
just gonna be in the back like a
freaking creeper no I see Mike and shit
now that was really cool it was really
cool we had a busy busy day
I just got off another business phone
call meeting after we finished shooting
JK news and now I'm with my beautiful
wife eating one of my favorite foods in
the world shabu shabu how did it feel to
be back on JK news really good since the
history of JP news I've never missed one
keeping our filming not even one Dave
and I missed a couple cuz I got sick or
something um
so it was really good to come back so
when I didn't when I knew I'd skip out
on it I was told shadow fest and forth
like what was it with all of you - I
just wanted to hear that I was missed
and actually news sounded super to hear
but I was just curious you see what the
vibe was like god damn it sound like it
purposely turned the music on that yeah
well everyone missed you
hey serious yeah everyone missed you how
do you like to eat your beef medium rare
ah in the middle I don't like it pink I
like it pink now I'll show you guys how
I like to keep my shadow shadow I like
to throw it on like this just barely on
top submerge it for literally like five
seconds and then pull done oh look at
that steam dip it in some ponzu action
and I love pontiff's oh I got triple
ponzu and then dip it on some rice
dip it in some rice and then put
so the rice conveyor favourite a yeah I
just got home and I thought I was going
to be able to relax but I just got a
text from Brandon he's gonna edits the
loose vlogs and he told me that he just
sent over two rough drafts for me to
look over for me to approve and I come
home and I run into this problem I'm
downloading it from wetransfer
and it's 1.2 gigs and you can see that
I've been trying to download it and it
says three hours I don't know why so it
could be my internet but I don't think
so because I go to speed test let's
start the speed test begin test and my
internet seems to be doing okay I was on
Instagram and all that look at that a
hundred for the download speed even 126
right now so that means that I shouldn't
have a problem downloading the file so
that lets me think what the problem is
is that we transfer servers having
problems because a lot of us in JK we
send each other products not product
with time so tired we send each other
projects did I even say cincetta we send
each other projects via we transfer and
I think we transfer is now getting
utilized so much that the servers been
crashing so now that X Brandon back to
send me the files to look over in
another format you know I'm trying to go
to sleep early cuz I got a train early
tomorrow cuz I also have a flight
tomorrow and I have two other meetings
get haircut so uh man I things gonna be
a long night and it's gonna be one of
those nights where I'm not gonna be
sleeping that much again which is no
good because when I don't sleep I don't
operate that well but I have to do what
I got to do
when a bunch of white people shows up in
stuff then it gets really serious
because before it's just like a bunch of
kids
