getting ready doing my hair unbirth like
a lobster sprayed hairspray on my
forehead my nervous ah yeah I am
actually
it's really weird because I know
everybody that's here but I think it's
because the emphasis is stressed on me
and I'm not really nervous but there is
some sort of anxious feeling and the
only other feeling that I can kind of
relate it to is it's the same feeling
that I have when I get ready for a show
with Joe then we go out to stay in a way
to do all kinds of shows there's this
anxious feeling if you don't know what's
gonna happen you don't really know if
the crowd is gonna be good you're not
how they're gonna take your performance
but here although I know I just have to
go outside and just be myself and I
don't really have to perform anything
and I'm pretty certain of what the
outcome is I think I wouldn't have a
good time I'm still a little bit nervous
and I don't really know why but it's not
like a nervous nervous I don't know it's
a weird weird a weird nervous it's a
very happy nervous just cuz I don't know
I'm getting it in front of all my
friends and loved ones and it wants them
to feel what Barker and I feel so we
could all kill it together
now I'm starting to think oh my god how
awesome are my friends and family that
they like made it all the way out here
thousands and thousands of miles across
bodies of water to spend this moment
with Barden I and I'm trying not to
think about it to my friend out cuz I
know I'll cry gonna put this watch on
and then I have these traditional white
shorts I guess and then I have oh no I'm
not supposed to see the bride oh shit
okay I know there's that tradition we're
not
groom is supposed to see the bride I'm
gonna wear this Hawaiian shirt and at
first I was like what's this faggoty-ass
materials all soft but after having a
lobster back I understand why they have
this faggoty-ass material oh that feels
good
this whole trip it's been kind of
stressful especially on jeans and she
has to balance the entire wedding aspect
of it and the logistics part of getting
everyone to go eat and still have fun
but all of that was worth it because
yesterday I saw the looks on my parents
faces when they were in Hawaii on the
sand and the water just having a great
time and Hawaii is a place that we all
love to go so it was all worth it for me
and geo to be able to share the place
that we love to go with the people that
we love so me and geo we decided to
break all the traditional and
stereotypical rules of the wedding not
to be like rebellious and anarchists or
anything but for me and geo because of
the way we feel for each other
NE we feel like we really love each
other B we feel like it's a honeymoon
every day so we don't feel like we need
a wedding for ourselves to fully commit
ourselves to each other or to fully
celebrate the love that we have for each
other a lot of the things that were
required of like the bride and the groom
and like things that you needed to plan
and take care of I didn't agree with a
lot of it the first one was the wedding
ring I know it's like the symbolism of
like your love for each other whatever
but first of all we don't really wear
rings or jewelry for that matter and
second I don't believe in spending 20 30
40 thousand dollars on a ring for him to
profess his love to me so I'm like wait
a minute we could just save that money
actually purchase a home for that and
start like a really solid future and
another tradition was you know you have
them but your family and your family's
family
families families families families
family it's people you don't really talk
to or have any sort of tire connection
to it's all just formality and it's just
gonna be like having random strangers at
your place that you have to be cordial
with and I'm like why am I gonna be
wasting my time doing that and to me
that's so fake for me it's more
important to have quality over quantity
so it's a secular Wedding non-religious
man it's just David and he's just gonna
say some shit I don't even know what
he's saying and me and Jill we're gonna
say some shit too before we actually
prepped and we're like hey should we
write something or like nah so we're
just gonna freestyle and that's it and
hopefully the whole thing lasts under 10
minutes
I may not look like it but I have
actually I'm already but this is by far
one of the most fun conventional
weddings I've ever done a fella yeah you
guys were all head selected we wanted to
really share this with you guys every
single one of you guys sitting out here
have individually impacted our lives
like more than you guys even know I
can't even talk now if we could we would
probably would have just gotten married
by ourselves underneath the rock
somewhere and just have our parents meet
we wanted to share this moment with the
people that really really matter to us
and are close to us and which is why you
guys are here we're really happy that
were able to do this here in this
beautiful place that's all the reason
why we want to keep it small this will
that way when we get divorced do you
take this man despite the fact that when
you ask for your food he will stick his
finger directly into your pancake before
you actually eat it do you take this man
BBQ fingers picks up their hand try some
this man who sparked horrendous but all
the truth of the white wood died me with
this one right now do you take this man
who is taller than the trees in Hawaii
who when you give her advice on how to
lift weights tells you they're the
stupidest person on her go to another
man you will tell them the exact same
thing and then she'll tell him that he's
a genius
this woman whose feet are bigger than
yours
yes well with the powers vested in me I
now pronounce you husband and wife you
may now kiss the bride
Bambi an idea how to deal with doses on
how she can join an international
initiative she has an immunity the
tranny random or you can change it how
you met me she took I hope we are tied
to powerful with Hitachi foods that I
enjoy had a quota budgeted Turkish so
how do you go wait
it's not a wish could not be something
if they're already proven it by having
so many nice friends
and follow them all the way here and
samhitas look having the friends around
for he complements her because he
doesn't take life
and you never know what face you're
looking at cause he's the man of a
thousand faces so for that it's a
blessing to have them both in the same
relationship
able to hoist them from your name or
housing subcommittee or involve each
other
Wado who took fuckin a ranger badge
although have a totally different totall
told you though that was all it was
I'm really glad you guys were able to do
this because one we needed a break and
two you know for you guys it's not very
important but I think for everyone
around you it is important because even
though you guys were like married before
you guys tied the knot officially but
since you guys got together it felt like
you guys already were I knew that he
wasn't gonna cheat on you because every
time I go to a show with him he's like
not good enough hey I have Gio and I was
like you know what this is a great guy
I'm really happy I'm really happy and
congratulations
and
you guys know I've been so happy so
excited for this wedding because I know
that's the next step in your Heinie's
life and starting a family
and I'm just really excited to be there
to see your family grow and to see your
future unfolds and I just I feel so
honored to be here to be able to look
you guys be a part of your back
you know I look up see you like I had to
say there aren't that many do I look up
to this plate talk but I have to say
though the people that do look up to
Bart you for sure I think over the years
you guys taught me just about everything
in life from business to friendship to
enjoying family your concept of family
or conceptualization of family and what
that means to you and what it should be
I think that core value of what you
build the relationship upon I think
everyone should try and match that
I can do it I'm gonna make a short I
just can't wait for you guys start your
family they're not to be beautiful I'm
waiting - I guess following your
footsteps
crying because I'm really happy why are
you so happy really happy promise
Oh baby you stuck with me for the rest
of your life
maja I'm gonna be judge now
you're done with the makeup I'm done
with my makeup
are you nervous nervous we're moments
away from walking out
it's so cute where's out here we're
moments away babe and then after the
ceremony then it's official official cuz
we got the paperwork and we had the
ceremony
