good morning today is a pretty weird day
in LA damn it I just wet my GoPro uh
today's a pretty weird day in LA because
it's about 75 degrees out hold on I
gotta wipe this lens
yeah so it's like about 75 degrees out
and it's raining and it's humid and it
actually reminds me a bit of Hawaii
which I missed but then I look around at
our smoggy skies I don't see blue sky I
don't see the beautiful trees I can't
hear the ocean anywhere so I'm like I'm
not in Hawaii but I have my trusty
umbrella here it looks like a ninja
sword I've yet to use any of these like
twice I'm walking to my car which is
behind my house don't normally take this
route I just go through the back but
then the dogs are back there and they've
been rolling around in mud all day and
they're going to be begging to come back
inside the house and I'm going to be so
weak because they're so furry and cute
that I'm just gonna let them come in so
do it to stop myself taking a long run
I'm actually a bit sad though
yesterday we lost my boy Tyson he was 15
years old and we had to put him to sleep
yesterday so it's kind of ironic that
it's um but it's raining right now
because it's like that's how I feel
inside because I miss my boy so much
yesterday since it was Tyson's last day
we decided to record the whole process
um and film him one last time
and initially I didn't want to do it I
just felt like that's kind of something
knots pretty intimate and private to us
um so when Bart had asked like hey can
we do this I was kind of against it cuz
I'm like hey like this is a private
moment I feel like this should just be
shared between us and you know we should
leave Tyson's image in a good light
where he's like this you know like
loyal super energetic really funny cute
furry guy because he's been in several
of our vlogs are personal vlogs and you
know a handful of JK videos so um when
he said but wait like you know that
sucks cuz like the fans know who he is
and you know he's been in uh several
videos and everyone loves Tyson he's
like it's kind of like robbing them from
the truth
like you're giving them only the good
stuff he's like life isn't just about
good stuff like you have to share the
good with the bad
um so when he said that I was like well
yeah I guess that's true you know like I
know a lot of you guys were really
attached or are really attached to our
dogs like you guys know Joe's dog tips
cats
Tommy's dog Brandon's dog and you guys
are very familiar with all of them and
you know when he said that it clicked it
to me and I'm like yeah that would suck
you know not just to kind of leave you
guys in the dark and then you guys are
gonna be asking like well how did it
happen what happened and you guys will
be respectful and whatnot but I mean
yeah it makes sense to share it so once
that clicked in my head
uh we recorded you know his whole day
and we will be presenting it in about a
couple weeks but for now this is what
you get alright so I am with my lettuce
right here and we are gonna get daddy
some lunch cuz he's got a meeting
you got a couple meetings and I know
he's not gonna have enough time to take
care of himself
so I'm gonna take care of him and get
him some food and I figured it'd be a
fun time for these ladies to just join
me see what fawns gonna do cuz she's
pretty uncomfortable
which doesn't fall backwards I'm gonna
try to drive as slow as possible so that
she doesn't hurt herself
bricky already found her spot hot breaky
oh shit I think the car feels the weight
of both of them combined and it thinks
it's a human so it's gonna keep beeping
because it's gonna keep thinking that
this human is in this car without a seat
belt bullshit looking light for me I'm
tripping balls
so far so good I'm just doing some
late-night work and check out the box
I thought I liked to sleep
they're super freaking cute oh my god
always like this I actually had a
falling out for a bit I don't know what
happened there I think Ricky was kind of
depressed with Tyson kind of being sick
so she was kind of filling it with Tyson
so her and Vaughn wouldn't kick it as
much but now they're back and they're
sisters and they love each other so much
it's so fucking cute you cute little
bitches baby you cute little bitch bring
it huh but he bring it way up
fun
great fun fun fun
she doesn't care about me cute ass
bitches
where are we
