what's up y'all today is my first
morning back on the grind ever since I
came back from Hawaii and starting off
with some emails I got a ton of emails
after go through what was a damn Kurt
okay there it is this thing that I go
what god damn oh cool Porsche alright I
got a ton of emails I gotta go through
everything that's bold is something I
have not opened yet and any of the ones
that aren't bolded I kind of skimmed
through the emails while I was in Hawaii
just in case there's something that
requires my immediate attention or an
emergency or something so I make sure I
still skim through it while I'm gone but
everything else I wanted to wait until
my wedding was completely over so I can
give him my full attention and I got a
stack of paper mail that I have to look
through I don't even know who sends
paper mail anymore by still get them in
my name so I gotta take care of that and
today is still roughly a light day we
called off our JK Films meeting just
because the last week we were completely
gone so we have no real updates usually
on Tuesdays we also have to go for broke
meetings but there are no updates there
as well because the whole team was in
Hawaii and then later on I do have to go
check up on the new lease that we just
signed for the new JK office is gonna be
fucking awesome because at that new
location it's gonna be the new JK office
and also the new barbell brigade
corporate office and we're gonna leave a
little section for a go-for-broke so
it's really exciting and this is like
our first real big step into building
our business because for the last couple
of years you've seen us in that small
space and now this place is pretty legit
because we're gonna start building
offsets for our shows so we're really
trying to up the quality of our shows
and hope you guys appreciate all of that
because JK party's gonna look next level
JK news is gonna look next level
ask the feel all of that even the barber
would get talk show is gonna look next
level that's the goal we want to make it
look really legit sound crisp and clear
and
nice studio look good getting new
cameras so it's a lot of exciting things
but before we officially sign the final
final final lease we got to go check out
the place and they called it the last
walkthrough so you walk around to make
sure everything is cool so there's no
like big-ass leak in the roof and then
later on you take the keys and you're
going what the fuck is that giant
fucking raccoon doing in the corner so
we do the last walkthrough to make sure
everything is cool and I'm bringing air
in a lot cuz he fucking knows everything
literally everything and he's gonna
double check to make sure everything's
cool so uh I started my day today so
we're out the new place about to sign
the lease and I have the check in hand
which is the security deposit and about
three or four months rent because it is
a big place so it's a big fucking check
and this is our spot it's a big creative
open space we are gonna build our
offices because we have different
functions we need to fulfill like
editing rooms me and Joe's office and
this is the admin area of our office
what do you think they place because you
guys have all seen our old or our Korean
office and there is no windows to be
found at all it feels like it's a casino
if you go in there
and it's like this fucking black hole it
just sucks your life away because you
don't know what's going on outside but
here there's a bunch of sunlight
just I can't I can't wait to be in
working here it's just it doesn't feel
like your life is just escaping your
body what we were planning is for the
people that want to work in the open
space would end up working over there
were the lightest and then we would
build offices on this right side but
we'll have windows in the offices of the
light can actually travel into the
offices what do you think about that
idea that's a great idea that's well
planned out because I was mentioning I
want some light I need so I'm like a
plant if I don't have some light and I
just wilt and I die yeah because we were
thinking if we build out offices on that
and then that traps all the sunlight for
all the people that work out in the open
here so we thought it'd be more
important to go to work out in the open
there but the office is here and put
windows so the people in the offices can
get their privacy but also get some
sunlight yeah and I think it's go to as
I get cold really fast and the ICI vents
are pointing this way
like already like looking at damn okay
freeze my balls off and there's like
ceiling fans in here so putting me next
to the Sun I'm super happy Thanks
how do you like in the team it's a it's
a huge step from where we at right now
the taking office is like I thought you
were already pretty legit but seeing
this but it's like this is even more
legit yeah now we have yeah this is only
half there yeah I was gonna be in there
also so that's a huge surprise yeah
that's our that's gonna be our first
barbell corporate office we have a
little kitchenette in here too so people
get to chill and eat their lunch and
store their food once we bring a fridge
in here keep their dishes washed and
then kind of have a good time in here so
people can hang out and disturb anyone
else and we have a bathroom that's here
but we're gonna try to build a shower in
here too because all of us pretty much
we all work out at Bartle brigade and
then we come to work so it's part of our
workflow to work out before we film or
do anything else so it only makes sense
to build a shower to assist us in that
workflow the only thing we have to do
now is really actually map out where
barbell brigade corporate will be where
the conference rooms gonna be where the
editing rooms gonna be David so is gonna
be joining us in here and where me and
Jose private offices are gonna be and
like Nadeem said out over there and the
other space that's where our actual film
sets are gonna be so that's where we're
gonna fill just be news just kidding
party as the feels
and the entire production value should
just go up and should look amazing
but where I'm standing is the holic
I'm waiting for the airplane so when I'm
standing is the hallway between the
admin offices and also our sets and I'll
give you a 360 view of what it looks
like this is one of the reasons why we
like this complex is because there's so
much character and there's so much
foliage and every single angle could be
a film or photo opportunity and you know
we'd be shooting films and taking
pictures all the time so we love this
place because of the creativity it
inspires and how much character this
place has
not to mention airplane and truck noises
but that don't matter because inside
it's nice and quiet when a bunch of
white people shows up in suits and ties
and stuff then it gets really serious
because before it's just like a bunch of
kids even though me and Joe are the
bosses all of a sudden when a bunch of
white people show up in slacks and dress
shirts that's some serious ass shit
oh my goodness look at all that serious
business work going down
Oh God and look at us we're just wearing
regular clothes like I'm the deme he's
just wearing a shirt and shorts they
gave me and this runner shirt and shorts
all right so we just wrapped a barbell
Brigade gym meeting and we talked about
a million things and we set a million
goals how do you feel about those goals
you think they're achievable Sarah ten
barber brigades in two years yeah yeah
what do you think overall what does that
mean so like 20 barbell Brigade tears my
30 yeah you know I heard one time that
Starbucks opens at a rate of one
Starbucks every seven minutes isn't that
crazy
people love their coffee I don't know if
they like working out that much how do
you feel I feel good I like how
efficient we're gonna be meetings like
this are it's you're an important I hope
that they continue to happen the
efficiency is unbelievable and I'm
excited to see what happens in the next
couple weeks not even the next couple
years just the next couple weeks and how
it's gonna grow from there what about
you Tony touch finally yes fucking up
this whole time and we're finally going
somewhere yay team so over here is
simultaneously is a barbell brigade
apparel meeting and what are you guys
doing over here well I do see a jacket
on the wall Oh with lining with special
lining what's going on over here oh and
I see an Apple keyboard attached to a PC
what's going on okay
what are you guys meeting about barbell
brigade apparel wicked damn how wicked
boner and cry for Ellis look you fucking
flies already open you're ready whole
time damned as soon as you came in here
yeah my wiener just pressed up against
it and it just zipped down and then I
got a wrap up the night with the final
meeting for barbell brigade productions
so actually part of a brigade is like
three different companies there's Varla
Brigade Jim
Marvel Brigade apparel and bono Brigade
productions actually for because we also
have bottled in corporate which is gonna
be the office that we just showed you
right there
so doesn't be the main company that
controls the other three arms and
barbell Brigade productions is right
here be Troy and name and the Dame is
mom right here you know
David gave me that wedding gift and
Nadeem has used it mortgage me and geo
ever have running a bunch of
simultaneous meeting
we all decided to get some food together
I in the night so everyone got what
they're supposed to get which is some
sort of shabu shabu because we are at a
shabu shabu place but I fucked up
because I was trying to be fancy and
that shows you should never try to be
fancy if you go to a pizza place don't
order the sandwich order the fucking
pizza but what I did was I was in the
mood of kimchi so I got this kimchi beef
rice theme but it comes out looking like
this but there's more onions under our
kimchi and there's a serve fried egg and
random seaweed in here and so
it's trying to be a Yahoo codon which is
like stir-fried chicken and egg with
sukiyaki sauce sweet also like kimchi
jjigae all at the same time with onions
and random seaweed and you just stole a
bit of my Pepsi Pago Pago nurse on that
and I don't know why they're trying to
accomplish so many claims of one dish
and the flavors all looking for the bulb
because kimchi is not even in here all I
taste is sweet onions
and that control
so lesson learned boring
to a specific type place don't ask for
something else
Tony touch there rolling deep
