so wait a minute papa bear what just
happened what was here before I have
like eight boxes of macadamia that was
like this whole thing this where is it
now yeah oh haha so just to give you
some reference so this is the size of
Bart's back all right there you go
same size now it's basically the same
size of his bag and it's all in here I
think you only I think you need muscles
to make this happen there's no way in
hell I would have made this happen at
all
so papa how do you feel that you're
packing now and you're leaving why just
because it's really hard taking care my
parents and juggling like 30 people a
little bit sad because I really enjoy
the times that I had with everyone here
and it was it's a really fun experience
and also like wine it was are going to
have our parents meet but also in Hawaii
so they can all experience what we've
experienced and also it's a lot of the
first-timers for our staff to come to
Hawaii and so for them I know that they
had a blast like I didn't even come to
Hawaii until just Brad like two or three
years ago but now we got we were able to
bring some guy that only 19 and 20 out
here who have never really been off the
mainland and they had a really good time
cuny yeah I can echo the exact same
thing it seems to be the thing this
whole weekend or this whole week but
yeah basically you know it was it was
it's bittersweet for sure bitter because
you know I felt like this trip was kind
of rushed and I didn't get to soak in as
much of Hawaii as I wanted to but then
sweet because
you know all our loved ones got to share
a really cool moment with us and we
didn't know what the hell we were doing
and planning this wedding and how it was
gonna turn out and how everyone was
gonna get along and how we were gonna
get like make like 30 plus people happy
every single time and knowing that we
accomplished that and people really had
a fun time
and they got to bond with each other
when they normally or just under normal
circumstances they wouldn't have bonded
like that was the sweetest gift ever I
guess but yeah I'm not ready to leave
I'm not ready to leave but I'm ready to
leave I'm not ready to be because again
it was a rush trip but I am ready to
leave because yeah taking care of 30
people plus parents oh man it's crazy
would you do it again yeah you fucking
crazy but I'm fucking crazy chicks I
would do it too last glimpse of our
house the beautiful outdoors there's
Bart's dad I love it so much you know
beautiful it is the ocean up front
hearts auntie and Mama
everyone's up there's Priscilla good
morning
all right ready
where's Nancy good morning morning No
let's go Nancy okay morning
so 7-eleven has the best spam musubi in
town check it out
everything
a spot to come if he wants some spam
musubi let me see if I need any snacks
not really
we're leaving how does that make you
feel and so why I don't wanna go back
home why I love her life this one
marries
okay
yeah the crowd was really good Melinda
the ending you killed it it'd look
really fake Oh
how do you know you're excited to see
who I'm excited to see my baby
Isaac Isaac how do you feel about
leaving
how about you guys like it was just
Monday
laughs might as well stay I'm gonna call
out how you guys feeling oh hi good
okay sad to go home yeah a little bit
not really why not really because we go
work to do I just wanted to go
sightseeing or see the nature people no
that's what I wanted yeah
yes sorry I blame all the other 29
people and how are you pretty sad but I
had a blast and
like this against you and I'm
shokichi but what about life in life you
want to talk about that a little bit
good oh that's what's uh that means my
life is done it's over the adulation oh
thank you or you're remarried yeah you
have a new life under your name of gross
yeah
all right made it through TSA and now we
are
about to board our plane
look at how beautiful these planes are
really reminds you how insignificant you
really are
compared to these beautiful beautiful
aircrafts that take many lives into the
air and safely place them in another
geographical location so deep so deep
it's fucking hot I know you see me
wearing a sweater right now but I think
it's about to get really hot but I'm
already sweating underneath this I
didn't put deodorant on because I packed
it in my freakin check-in luggage
already ordered a sweater and now I saw
really bad all the hazardous foods
really really really bad air
conditioning Oh was amazing how do you
feel well I met you were suffering
agents I don't smell at all no fool oh
now that's knowing it I'm not in your
body temperature Oh
so now we just grow we're gonna go get
food since everything's cleared we
checked in we're good to go
now we just get to Rome dude you through
you remember all the bags of snacks are
all the snacks that I bought I put it in
a bag don't know where I left that bag
can't taste all those snacks the
Japanese wanted I was looking forward to
eating those I got you a bunch of like
chocolate ones thank you I thought that
counts is about them I failed miserably
I'm eating a chicken margarita exactly
why are you eating that right now it's
like 11:00 in the morning
um 10:00 in the morning because we have
a five-hour flight soon and they'll
serve food so we gotta eat now and
stockpile for later we're about that
southpaw life mmm and of course I have
to get my pizza it's never too early for
pizza it's a shit pit is my life I love
pizza so much there's a it's obviously
like a threshold people have when they
eat too much of something it's quick for
them to just get tired of it right if I
if you eat something every single day
you're gonna get tired of it and
probably might even heat it but the love
I have for pizza I think it's impossible
for me to eat it every single day and
get tired of it what does that say
it says I'm loyal that defines our
loyalty would you disagree every day
dude would you get tired of it no I just
keep coming back little water house the
first time I see you drink that one no
while someone I'll breathe oxygen every
day I never stop mom based off your
definition yeah then he is loyal and I
agree with him
I agree with you you're loyal oh hell no
no this pepperoni is whoa I'm gonna come
over
it's pretty loyal right that's my
husband
so multiple Shh look at those machines
what's crazy is that's a crazy ass
machine I'm almost one gets more like
transferring I get you but for every
machine that exists out there there's
another machine that makes that machine
and for every one of those machines that
makes that machine there's another
machine that makes it I'm having a
STONER conversation right now
I should run that over who's not had it
thank you it just means you're an throw
it out
his-and-her papaya and they they made
her throw it up my mom stuffed all the
guavas in a balloon and swallowed it
with the string later she pulled it out
what house
oh shit
where are we where are we
but I'm actually excited to see my dogs
not gonna lie all mikado with those
mofos I'm gonna draw my AC I am good
enjoy him a bed I really excited to get
back to my rhythm and my pad at my last
pattern but again I feel like I didn't
get my hawaii experience i got to go
back to Hawaii
soon oh my God we're finally home we'll
you're funny
- there's brig E hi baby hi baby
oh no Tyson's in his bed how do you feel
that we're back home I know let me try
my bed oh yeah this is awesome oh man
this is so cool oh I feel so fat I think
we need a diet do you want to start
dieting tomorrow I'm down really yeah
I love Hawaiian and love Hawaiian food
but got down now the most unhealthy is
choices or maybe it's just where we like
travel nobody's saying that sister food
then have Portuguese sausage right this
oh gosh it's like
all kinds of fatty meats with no
vegetables I know whatever canes I've
made all gone oh god oh god I don't have
a six-pack anymore it's not Oh God oh
brother
off by like two to five percent oh my
god I have a mosquito bite everywhere
this one of my stomach
Oh goodbye it's so so good
we are now at the Dole Plantation where
poverty you've been here how many times
already three times two times of bed
this is my third time everybody
