morning it's quite a Donald Duck day I
have the worst puns ever I don't even
know why I attempted to do that but
anyway it is 9 a.m. and today is another
day canoes day but we're not supposed to
be at the office until 9:30 so why the
hell in my car I missed am i in in that
sentence but I didn't really sleep very
much but anyway um pop bear was driving
his grey worm okay oh you can't see it
because I'm in my garden he's somewhere
over there but he's driving his grey
Audi on the freeway and there was some
debris on the freeway that we didn't get
to see because I was swerving real quick
and it hit his car or he hit it I think
it hit his calmer than he hit it and
then we thought there's gonna be a bunch
of like body damage to it there was none
so he kept driving it per usual and then
the following morning when he went to
drive his car again the tower was flat
so we think it got like gashed or cut or
something got stuck in it so we are at
worst Oh
right there you see it we're at Grand
Prix's tires so that he can see if they
can fix his tire or not he has such a
luxury car I guess if you will and
really expensive Cyrus I don't know if
they'll be would have helped him here so
we're gonna see but yeah that's the
first order of business for today which
is gonna be a very long day so as I sit
here waiting for him hole in hopes that
he can leave his car here that they're
gonna go to fix his tire um I'm gonna
finish do my makeup all I've done so far
is just my eye shadow and then cover up
for my dark circles and I use tart shape
tape and it's seriously my freakin
favorite it works really well like I
mean that you could still see him but
let me tell you let me tell you it was
way worse but anyway yeah that's I'm
gonna do as I wait for the pop stirs I'm
gonna do my makeup
oh no I didn't get to finish my makeup I
think Papa's back you're done already
they can fix your car what I mean they
fixed it I don't even know if they can
fix it ah they can for sure but they
just have to take time to see what's
going on with it
got it all right well I was in the
middle of doing my makeup ah all right
okay the seats that high that Ford that
much for it I can't speak I'm really
tired it's cuz of the taiko bass okay
it's like I Malaika I like that people
already call him taiko Malaika really
why cuz people are in it yeah it's like
we're this big circle of friends and now
they know the inside lingo so if people
so like if I've been with my brother and
then people are like oh it's title
Malaika my brother now my brother would
know he watches the vlogs all the time
yeah if I'm with a friend that doesn't
watch our vlogs let's say your friend
Ryan that's also my friend yeah they're
like oh it's tech more like he's like
what the fuck it's like bro you're not
in the know yeah that's what I mean yeah
alright you look pretty fly oh thank you
I must say this thing is fresh I was
listening to me attack us on this whole
morning what's driving which one because
me in take the Hat song here you don't
have a song now - why don't seem to him
but Isis you wanna hear ours I've been
listening to it all morning it's on
repeat this is a doggy Salman yeah this
one UV gimme well I turn it off
yeah there it is alright let's go to the
office alright J can use now and we have
filled with us today and he's just
opened Pandora's box is talking about
relationships and what they do all day
is bag on the girl in the relationship a
she's always wrong like do you see all
the problems it's always like the girls
are did you really say that no I know I
feel like just in a relationship when
two people do things differently yes
sometimes one of them does it the more
correct way objectively speaking correct
person's responsibility to always point
it out cuz you're gonna make the team
better okay so here's the thing but what
if both people think they're correct so
both you I I face this all the time and
it's like there are some things where
you just have to like let them live
their live their way oh so it from your
statement it sounds like you're saying
the girl is wrong yep I'm sure she's no
she thinks I do stuff wrong okay
somebody might let them grow at their at
their own pace yeah and then though they
might see they might you you lead by
example you do it one way and just say
hey just think no I do it this way if
you ever want to do it that way try it
out
that's very nice right but there's
sometimes more it's like if it's like a
slight like like knife work or like
cooking like stuff and I could wear this
it's actually dangerous I'm like yeah
you should not have the knife pointing
up you know like you should always point
it down like yeah yes I'll tell them
right they're still very nice I try cuz
still very nice I've dealt with enough
times where it's like you didn't tell me
the nice enough way and then it turns
into a fight Oh Ben you okay then yeah I
get that I just like rotates it around
yeah yeah
would you rotate it around what exactly
no yeah that's that's that's a thing so
I think for most people they'll say oh
yeah bars very tactful and he says it's
on I see but when the girlfriend is the
truth Jill what the truth I'm gonna turn
the camera on you
let's all talk let Donald talk there's a
whole nother conversation about you know
what is funny that I'm wearing no it's
not a good be so it's a touch
Goofy's nowhere near the search all
right perfect
so one thing that he does and it was so
funny that we're just talking about
training is with everyone else he's so
polite and he'll be like yeah no come on
you got this
even with David come on David you got it
cool like me bubble with you but with me
oh my god it becomes so personal you
know I'm like that too like it's like
it's because it's because he cares about
you that much more boring with the
friends it's like I don't really care
about you so I have to maintain this
like nice relationship but with you like
I don't live with you I give you so much
more so I I'm allowed to be a little
hard on you because I live with you I'm
a connector that is not nice that is
that how do you defend why do you guys
all just fucking psycho you guys won't
even see each other all the time and now
your group here you have his back I know
I I just I can see that I could I might
do the same way yeah all right even with
training to my drivi taught in every
past girlfriends how to edit or anything
more like it's true mister but it comes
out of love yep and it might not show it
there in that moment of teaching but
well sure why can't we know guys thank
you thank you that's all I wanted to
hear
the battery is faulty
all right so we are lunch break and I
came home for two things first one is so
that it can obviously visit my boy and
my mom because I hate being away for so
long
second one is cuz I didn't get to work
out yesterday because we had a real
long day and I was super exhausted but
no excuses so during my lunch I'm gonna
work out get a quick train training
session in make sure I still follow my
fit with Gio program that I told you
guys about and yeah and then I'm gonna
head back and continue filming for the
rest of the day so let's see what my
boys up to and cheers the little man
swinging his life away he likes it hi hi
baby
look at this furry feet actually one of
you guys gave him this this little
outfit and he's rocking it and he looks
great look at that little bear
hi bozo face hey bozo face What's Up bub
it Hey
I'm not moving it's him the one that's
moving okay so we'll get this training
in alright so I'm gonna get the training
session in within like 30 minutes I
think is gonna be cool but this is the
perks of owning your own home gym that
dogs can join you and the baby can join
you too so I got the music going I know
I'm gonna do kind of just adjust I'm
into bench today and a lot of upper body
accessory work so you guys are gonna
start playing again really really you
guys really so yeah I'm gonna try to get
it in real quick we got this yeah pound
it baby there you go all right
for reals dude this all right so we have
right now just Bart walk out of the room
and automatically he knew that Bart
wrestled so oh yeah so you know what's
funny yeah I could just kind of I've
done that to to other people strangers
I'd be like you know they wrestled you
all ass good way they walk
it's there it's their field yeah
hey I'm just saying yeah but the
reaction was he didn't laugh in your
face no David rest I do it like this
yeah yeah I wrestle with my I wrestle
with my eating issues my emotional pain
I wrestle with there's going to be as
fun as shoes
but this this I'm gonna feed him and
then it becomes this bedtime again so
I'll burp him kiss him I love him I
gotta put him back to sleep then they
want to put him on a schedule so who's
the other moms called again good I'll be
here all right so here's the setup when
they come in I have to put down all
these blinds and I have to set out his
little swaddle I move his best in it
next to my room close that blind close
this line or shutter I guess fine I
don't know what you call it gotta turn
on his noisemaker here
still sleeping make sure club shut that
line in this bathroom and then mister
will be here I closed
we get dark
and I get my phone
I turn on
all right
point it away from his face so I just
have to bounce off the wall and it
serves us a really good night like when
he closed this door there
Wow scammers actually like so
oh boy that's not eating with our friend
presiding the both of us as he's doing
that I'm gonna take care of our son over
here so it's CUNY because we get to
split up and maintain our friend our
relationship and I get to maintain that
take a really good shit okay so I'm
gonna wake this guy up and I'm gonna
feed him
all right so 30 minutes later I changed
tyka I fed him I swaddled him and I put
him to bed and I'm exhausted I have to
go through this bag of bills and just
different things that came in and I was
gonna do some work in my office it's
also like a guest bedroom but I just
called my office I simply think it's an
office just because there's a printer
and a desk yeah I don't think I'm really
excited I normally exhausted and I'm
gonna take a shower
excuse me yeah Christina I got one for
tyka I know if you guys saw in a
different episode but it's basically a
pacifier and there's a little toy
attached to it
that's not Amazon it looks different
than the one I bought and Target it's I
hope it's not like I don't know I hope
it's not like a cheapy version of it but
everything looks pretty legit but yeah I
got this for ant and Christina since
they're having a baby girl I figured
it'd be cool because I'm always losing
pacifiers or Tigers spits it out and I
can't find it after it falls on the
floor this one he spits it out it just
stays on its chest
I see his chest cuz he's usually laying
down he's just you can't prop himself up
just yet but yeah I'm excited to give
this to them but um whoa
means you're sidetracked but yeah take a
shower get ready for bed wait for Papa
to get here yeah call it a night
pretty intense day to say the least but
yeah guys like always
much appreciated love you guys like
crazy
I've read all of your guys's okay that
was a lot I read a lot of air guys's
dance and I really enjoy how you guys
tell us you know how you watch our video
whoa what happened over there I don't
know I really enjoy how do you guys
watch our videos whoo you guys watch our
videos with and yeah really warms my
heart but thank you so much for tuning
in and see you guys tomorrow
