all right a team can you bought this cuz
they look shady as hell no she where did
you shit yourself Wow blah I'll fuck it
looks shitty anyway so we're under a lot
of pressure been filming for a long time
we've been here for a week and you know
I'll be honest is the best that we could
do with the time that we had uh I want
to say thank you first are you laughing
why you have that shitty right now I'm
trying to have a heart-to-heart here to
you Jeff I'm Archer I would sun-baked
so I just wanted to keep the sunglass on
is that cool all right so that's a
little weird but that is your truth
anyways your when we first started this
and like it we wanted to come down here
we want to have a good time you like you
we consider you good friends have had an
awesome you're gonna have any awesome
best hosts and friends we could ask for
yeah we mean that seriously but without
talking I mean that sir we do we do also
have a got into two teams
our nephew geez you love you know we
love him too but he did tell us a few
things and it tell us a few things and I
just wanted a you know we want to thank
you guys for your hospitality
we noticed though true that you yelled a
lot right that you don't eat in here um
I noticed we took a look at the
inventory because you don't like a
microwave
yeah refrigerator you have an oven but
what happens it doesn't really get used
why cause you're so busy with holy think
only thing is that breakfast is the most
important meal really quite clearly
Morgan haven't had a failure Draper
scanning is lethargic is fuck because he
doesn't have breakfast and seriously
when I have breakfast I feel a lot
better
agree we haven't really been having
breakfast those protons right we use a
proton doesn't so yeah yeah so anyways
so what we thought of is like what would
be cool for them just start the day off
right because if you start your day off
right
odds are you gonna have an amazing time
yep ice what we came up with so this is
what we came up with and we just want to
say thank you oh here's one I'm looking
at you now wat because you have the shit
being a grip on your face uh-huh
oh I'm sorry I meant I'm asking her why
she's laughing you're the one that's
laughing for
how do you let happen anyway so I didn't
wanted to say we wanted to say thank you
for your hospitality and we wanted to
wish you guys a very happy wedding so
mom thank you
what is your face covered doing so we
have a we got you guys a griddle oh yeah
so like breakfast like so we have
breakfast tea eggs baseball no bitch hi
thank you
yeah so it's like a virus so I got a
higher-end one other we decided to go
with the nicest fucking griddle in the
market so you good good stuff right
because like breakfast is if I know you
guys are super busy for like honestly
when I have breakfast in the morning
you start the day off right and you just
feel a whole lot better so that's that's
that's that's kind of what thank you for
being so thoughtful
he's men I'm what about the man I'm
gonna buy me how much um anything
muffins and put it on here shares we're
just walking with you hear you talking
about yes wedding gift ever give yeah
but that's what everybody gives
everybody yes I'm gonna unplug this no
I'm sorry
Oh God I just wanted a puppy with a
Danny no no this is a mess this is a
mess
here's doesn't store my life here's a
mess I love nobody add them where you
got to unwrap this shit you want to do
the we think the talking shit you got to
open this bitch up
alright you guys we're all dad open up
Mikey wait wait wait so we got that for
you you want a bit happy yeah that's
fucking no that's a pretty fake laugh
that did like wow
mr. Ansari but let's do instant replay
on that on Fox
almost thing you can see it it's a
little bit crazy but everything was
funny you still talking to us cheers are
okay yeah I can't shady hi all right
I'll take them up there we go everything
real yet this is for both of you okay
all for you
butterfly kiss three-speed massage
hey where did so probably I don't worry
about it I don't want to say where we
discovered it we may explore different
options it is in LA yeah all right don't
worry about it yeah
I've always wanted a butterfly kiss it's
free okay it brings out your eyes
I'll give you a butterfly kiss later oh
wait did you guys both I don't know what
I was very comfortable in the shop he'll
be worried well that's cash register
yeah that's very comfortable oh why do
you try this on right now how do you try
them on we actually call the son of my
that's irrelevant that's a romance
leader oh my god I would say Jim can I
wear those two there and edex yeah yeah
they're right here next anybody could
wear them pacifier Superman pacifier
either if you want to get kinky or and
they better children you know kids are
on the way amazing I know the thought
process behind all the rebounders all I
was in the field for mission thank you
late okay everything no turn on the bar
I can't breathe through this game fun oh
I can't even poke a hole the dick holes
in the fetus that's why that's fucked up
I'm gonna have to keep it is you guys
who knows this is great double also your
sex clearly for Bart but nice hey what
are they try to save it
we haven't made any noise or something
probably it's been very silent I've been
on making the most mundo else a nice
hard and we want you to relax harder
yeah that's that's the shit that's
nothing Oh get fifty shades of gray
fifty shades in no way 50 shades of
barbell brigade yeah yeah there you go
oh shit I don't have an existing hair
but like we thought you got a
high-quality one yes thank you once
again for bar or geo it goes both ways
or Dean if you wanna do unique it's
what's wrong with it matches of the
griddle okay matches with the cock
monster the cop doses and a shipment of
candy ha ha ha well I wonder who gave
all to your fuckin heaviest I know ok
get on them oh I'm not gonna take up 50
pounds of $50 worth can oh my god it's
gotta be undies like this is love dies
this is love mm-hmm
okay so let's give the most important
give people more their friendship uh
this one's for Bar Kochba haha so I'm
always ready aroused around power club
oh my god how did it wait what why don't
worry about it badly Mike Mike knew a
connection or two it's no big deal
it adds at least four inches in my
experience really yeah buddy that
fluorine is fucking Sarila three so I'm
not a gift that keep giving okay
everybody do ya guys alright that's not
the real gift II don't really know how
the bottle yet there's a real gift
that's the real gift
oh cool mr. mrs. Kuan I can't I can't
take this anymore my head little bit
this and I really this is crazy you guys
are crazy and I really am your brother
that's the finally revealed biological
how long did all this take not that long
just open it
yeah you guys think so five minutes oh
nine no mr. chan
Oh cry on your shoulder papa I'll give
you a hug - hug me crying cries crying
ah that's all you got a dick on his ha
ha ha ha ha this is awkward
here's the real get super awkward now
she's crying Oh smoke you open it I'm
not crying
fucking tears of my eyes Eliza my night
I cried every bed of marble happens
okay why it's beautiful to see what it
meant to be couple you are now open the
car first
here the biggest role to ever as your
marriage blossoms may each year be even
brighter than one before congratulations
whats up beautiful people wish you our
favorite people health wealth and
happiness
much love oh my asthma and silent like
the three case oh my god both to you
Canada for a life favor your favorite be
now the real gifts enjoy a perfect night
out over wine at great state Ruth's
Chris Steakhouse yeah yeah baby are you
guys they don't only allow white people
but we tell women amazing management
don't do that in the Bob okay gonna go
on a ruse crystal suus yeah
can I wear this in this yeah absolutely
recommended you guys are commended and
then of course there are going to do
where are you going to get this pin it
out of you don't worry don't we read of
our belt yeah I asked me I was like you
have a fucking printer this I said no
cause I got there but better question is
how we afforded this and the simple
answers might you see some flex shows
which I feel sure belong together I go
to bed yeah every goes the Betty sneaks
out the bad guys are the biggest
assholes like oh hey what's up
she's crying Bart's excited
specially the vlog photo for yours oh it
looks like an elephant it doesn't look
like a leader because he's have it on so
yeah okay we'll bring it all the way
down we got there's that this is a date
first you go to Disneyland then we end
it with some steak and then and then
Jessica hall farewell and then post sex
what do you do
have some candy and then soccer X Venky
ball eggs and Bakey wakey wakey eggs and
bacon you guys are crazy it's not so
many picture your day going I don't know
feel free to whatever your celebrity of
jazz whatever orders if you expose us to
Disneyland that's your prerogative a
restaurant kid and you know roots Kristi
you know bring the cock pump should put
it on the table I don't even know what
to say we're gonna leave I said funny
Cyprus you are taking the grill we're
gonna truck button the roof of his car
oh my god you guys thanks for letting us
live here thanks for looking at rather
congratulations on your marriage
congratulations on your marriage you
guys are so good
it was a great kilometer after the all
yes that's why we make teamwork makes
the dream work even Dean helped a little
bit yeah he did he did I told him I
didn't want to approve with those gifts
what he did he did say he looks to you
guys like a mother father and so it's
extreme
I'm sorry we just need a location where
to buy it is that gonna be then maybe
Nadeem dude you guys are awesome
this was like the craziest troll ever
that would know by female I couldn't
stop laughing because I'm like this
shit's the stupidest thing everyone do
so like this cuz we were talking about
old school have you seen yeah we fuckin
levels yeah we're the guys like oh I
brought you a home warming gift you guys
like that's a bread maker he's like I
thought she is like a toaster somebody
just in the bread makers like I gave
this to you for your wedding
oh yeah it's great isn't it like that
okay ready yeah I'm saying I won I won
that would give you like the worst most
private toaster so like every what
everyone like oh you just got like
married here you go yeah I'm toaster and
here's some water diffuses up and then
what happened here well it's like Jamie
got excited we've been just kidding I've
been wanted but ya know what it feels to
feel those that don't we buy this
together we Google the best I'll tell
him how you found the perfect dildo Oh
how'd it feel them he felt at least six
deal does before good horse looking it
up into it
three-speed turbo charger back enormous
so it goes no turbo and rectal prolapse
imagine it's advertised like that yeah
somebody would buy edition weirdos if
you want a rosebud that could shit this
is so memorable I couldn't keep a
straight face I know he promised me to
he's like Mike I won't lie
he's like actually I need it for glam I
said the victims I grow am I gonna laugh
it'll be alright
you get laughing the whole time I know
it's like I was just waiting he kept
asking me why you know I was laughing
trying to turn them cookies during the
guilt around cuz they're just such a
dumb constantly this kernel big I'm made
sure to give on your image I made sure
to give a rid of long speech so you had
no idea what was going on and then also
because you've built up a little bit
expectations really alright we're
talking about it they've been with us
we're talk
the wedding which I remember what you
need is okay it's going to be something
that was like and it's crippling morning
and that's like so practical so we're
like yeah that's tight and it's in the
bag we're like fuck yet it is EB get
that's also chat make sure he read it
innovating yeah ain't got time to wrap
is that why you had a favorite present
yeah cuz I'm like this is the worst gift
ever would be so disappointed
this is a shit the presentation was on
point nice awesome thank you so much
guys our pleasure
maybe cry thieves never see me cry oh no
Shen yep I mean Vivian has Eva hi
mission accomplished so you guys are
gonna embarrass I got her bears bears an
outdoor gate show yeah we got yeah first
we embarrass you or make you cry hard
hard hard like it was yes your you were
bigger than that Wiener and then we got
you to come on full trip mission
accomplished rip comes to a close oh if
you guys want to subscribe to my shit
I'm just joking I'm gonna do a column no
no no okay that's it that's it
turn it off I agree this part I would
agree with you on I don't know what to
do with the glasses salad sir I am
strikes again we just thought it was
funny I think this we carefully selected
each gift but maybe there's some
particular that's on the plate I put the
only shape any visit
I can't wear this around my parents and
around bars parents yeah
