all right so gonna get my day started
all the boys
Omar selling like Barton a Dean they all
went to work out
I still have boob issue but not as bad
actually I'm about to go on two weeks
now and I've been healing fucking
awesome last night I even chose a little
bit not like on purpose or anything but
the guys are being dumb and they were
doing a speed walking test um and I want
the I wanted to be at the finish line so
that I can feel I guess the judge and
see who on so I was so hyped and I
wanted to see it so I like my lightly
jogged and it Denard I was like what the
fuck that's cool so hey he'll be nicely
now I am on my way to Pasadena to pick
up a couple of things for Hawaii mainly
to get Bart his stupid shirt um for the
day of our wedding that we haven't even
gotten yet um but we'll get it and buy
wheel I mean aisle I'll get it
it'll be fine the only thing I'm kind of
dreading is one it's the weekend and
people tend to go out more often on the
weekends because they usually work a 95
Monday through Friday so Saturday and
Sunday they tend to dedicate that to the
family and they hang out and they do fun
stuff so I'm just dreading oh that
coupled with the fact that it's gonna
that I think this is Labor Day weekend
so there's a bunch of sales going on
that's gonna suck ass and I'm not
looking forward to it
some kind of happy that I'm traveling on
my own said I could just move at my own
pace I love shopping with other people
um specifically my girl TIFF just cuz I
don't know
she gets me we're like we just get each
other
so um I just prefer shopping with her or
Bart
orna deep for my friends manadena theme
stem and the Dean was actually going to
edit this vlog so in the team you're
dumb
okay so I am out in Pasadena um I go to
about two different stores to get
freakin bras bikini top Bart's wedding
shirt and Oh a present for my really
good girlfriends that are happen helping
me do some planning for my wedding I
wanted to get them something special so
I went to all right long story short
ended up at Nordstrom Rack I found a
shit ton of bras that are like Calvin
Klein DKNY like all these really good or
I guess that subject all these really
good brands I the camera no Phil oh my
just called me fat
and I call you fat plenty big bones oh I
was even worse than what he said earlier
rushar everybody a great bodybuilder
even look up though
oh look at that face we are going in on
some food right now
I've been - brother just finished having
parks finish so it's like this southern
barbecue meets Filipino style of
barbecue it was bombs puffs now we're
going to get some dessert in Little
Tokyo and I'm getting directions for CT
we cross the street but they like the
way painter make a left on astronaut
Allison
there you go which one should I get
oh that's like a schoolboys Chuang
these will go and tell me soo much likes
to be sold for your Telugu dolly I want
you to and mint mojito vanilla ice
that's pretty good pretty good it's
pretty good
you got the most important one out of
the way is what are these come on answer
so I come home and I see this package
and I asked Bart what it could possibly
be and apparently David so had hit him
up asking if he can drop by and give us
our wedding gift so there it is
what I brought my box cutter out David I
swear a few fucks of your wedding gift
I'm sorry you should have known better
than to bring something in cardboard you
know you know his affinity to cardboard
and his fucking sword have you showed
them your sword is that Jackie Chan
reacting Jan please don't ruin the you
showed us a type of sword not
necessarily a samurai but oh yeah
taking it back to those roots you know
you could have ripped it with your hands
a lot faster that's what you think
if this don't use it it doesn't it says
I should don't use samurai sword do not
use a knife to remove the plastic this
isn't a knife is a sword oh my god this
is hilarious baby you're gonna cut it
there's a fucking red label for you and
you're using a sword not just a sword
Donna that's the bad hand before tear
that shit up babe okay tear it up I'm
breaking a sweat now come on why do you
why do you insist what do you mean yeah
easy that was
that's a legit sword yeah much does it
cost like samurais whoa well we're
getting sidetracked here hold on first
of all hold on this is an $800 store
okay and I will sold on it after I watch
the YouTube video with this guy hanging
an entire pig bones and all and he cut
well 30 day the pig was dead like them
the baby wasn't dead Yeah right through
the ribcage with that sword yeah it's
Charlie so is like a hoarder so how much
is a authentic Japanese sword that I
think like 10,000 okay this is a little
bit more but this is a good this is a
it's like American made with American
like marital fuck yeah metal technology
okay it's a top knife company called
cold steel yeah so she was like
fascinating on to my wedding game cuz
I've heard this speech like 20 times are
no speech look at how much harder is
withouts I don't you know but there's
this fucking label that says don't like
it's in red - and when shits in red that
means it's dangerous it
super cautious you already ripped it
babe I saw you you thought you saw he
didn't see him can you get a freaking so
it says scissors please homies nothing
back my fucking sword David I'm tell
David this is proof I've been trying to
stop him the whole time
what proof of why you're not even
helping me is here fucking around
watch your fingers
what the hell is this I don't understand
you will know in time well he's a
fucking brain Meggie's just got us a
brain
it's hard work brain right there yeah I
think it's a bean bag yeah that's
probably ninety ninety eight percent
bean bag but I'm going with brain
David I don't know what this is what is
this David oh there's a letter
comfy sex yeah it is looking it's a
six-foot sack that's fucking cool
do not use sharp objects to cut the
liner roll the foam-filled liner around
or fluff it up all the foam has already
been shredded however to help the reads
fashion process break up chunks of foam
with their hands through the fabric you
don't have to break up all the chunks
just enough that it starts breathing in
and fluffing up insert liner into cover
and zip up the laps and enjoy and tell
your girlfriend be quiet Oh
thanks pretty killer
yeah that is the beam Bay Vista that's
our gift
what's that we don't put up before you
do that what's the gray thing is there
instruct on earth why don't you put the
oh I just read the instructions to you
it said I was not paying attention
I'm happy you listen though I'll break
it up
Oh David I wish you weren't to spent
money he's a true homie cuz Bart's been
talking about a bean bag forever hmm I
love bean bags like a bean bag chair
yeah but legit ones that's the type of
people we are so that's the shit we
won't we
like a day to the house to fucking
separately
double zipper
mm so I'm kind of in a pickle right now
so as you know I recently got a boob job
um and it's been about two weeks since I
got this this boob job so I've had to
make a lifestyle change one of the
biggest one being the types of clothing
that I wear so normally I could just
wear whatever the fuck I wanted because
I don't have cleavage to worry about
so now Bart and I are getting married in
Hawaii and it's Hawaii so you have to be
bikinis and swimwear right so all of my
old tops of the old boobs they no longer
fit because now I have boobs so I had to
go and buy more Oh goodbye my boobs I
had to go and buy more bikini tops and I
had to find something that was um I'll
just jump into it so ah I never thought
that I would look like this and I'm
sorry I don't mean to do it but this is
something okay so doesn't look crazy but
this is very revealing for me for one um
I feel like I'm like people are gonna
think not that I give a shit about what
people think
but it does look like I'm trying to
attract attention here but I'm not like
this is literally the largest size I
could find this is a large I would
always wear smalls
um and boards parents and my parents are
gonna be there and I cannot imagine
myself wearing this in front of them so
I don't know what to do
because it's a N right now - it's not
even swimsuit season and um because I
had my surgeries so late I couldn't
really buy anything prior because I
didn't know what size I was gonna end up
because I could have been a big C or a
small C um so I'm not knocking it I feel
like it looks great but I can't wear
this around my parents and around Bart's
parents yeah
Oh check out the beanbag David bought us
look at how it's grown since what was it
like an hour now right
I think the foam keeps expanding that
device I can't even believe this the
direction says after a entire night then
it grows to its full size oh but if we
wake up and like all of this is good you
just see him like suffocating blob oh my
god yeah I'd invite you on you all right
late night runs to in and I did it be
producer ivan i actually haven't gotten
a milkshake in ages and i was all I was
easily influenced by mom lipstick brings
on the fire yeah they're like is better
than no damn rock can you spell it yes
I'm gonna keep leave soon but I have to
charge what are you singing yet boom Oh
snaps fitted for an upper better / - / /
/ / / / where you are now we're watching
a movie yeah slice of butter no tone big
old power fat chicks
and okay papito we think of your sneaker
see what emotions copy
my boobs might shift and one might be
closer to the center than the other
which I get it so now I just rolled up
to the JK office about the shoot
