good morning beautiful people I had the
worst sleep ever
um whence his bed like went to bed bed I
think one o'clock yeah one o'clock and
then I couldn't and this hasn't happened
in like maybe even a year or so but I
couldn't sleep at all and I did not fall
asleep until 5:00 a.m. I don't know why
I don't know what happened I don't think
I drank any caffeine the only thing I
could think of that had caffeine was the
night before I had a headache
I took AB excedrin but I don't think
that has a much caffeine where it's
gonna keep me awake yeah I think that
was weird
I don't know and I wasn't thinking about
anything in particular I wasn't nervous
than anything and then this lady this
girl over here kept barking in the
morning killing me this guy this guy
right here
the boarding fun
yeah she kept barking and it was like I
go see for 10 minutes and should go baby
boo boo boo
so surely it's pattern and it was like
like every 10 minutes it'd be quiet and
then she'd go crazy and she kept like
barking right up on my windows so she
wasn't barking at us but she's pregnant
by my window so it's gone crazy
and then there's brick over here Ricky
hi okay no no no don't get up dammit I
made her get up I feel bad
Hey and about my freakin backyard they
love it back there all right they like
freely come in and out of the window
whenever the hell they want um and yes
there is no grass because of the freakin
drought like our neighbors will get so
upset at us if they see that we're
watering our lawn
cuz they're like hey we should be saving
that water for something more useful
like what the hell I want green grass so
selfish but yeah stop talking sheep on
my lawn you little shit talker who's
fucking nobody's crying back there my
dogs have a good time
Bri was was back there chewing a bone
fawn she doesn't like you back there
sheesh goes back inside she's not
kidding with me it's not a big deal
hop on bunny tell him it's not a big
deal you guys heard it first from Fani
Ivanovich I didn't make it up anyway as
fucked up as my sleep was I don't know I
got this CD from Tommy this sounds like
a fucking sponsored video
nevermind who cares who the artist is
but one of my favorite things to do and
I think I got this by hey anyway um I
think I actually get this from my older
sister and this is something I actually
really love that she did for me is um
she would just be in a good mood and she
would just blast for music and it's very
happy upbeat music was in any specific
genre but like I remember specifically
on the weekends because I think she went
to school or something during the week
that didn't allow for this to happen the
mornings but I remember specifically in
the weekend she would blast music and
she'd be like dancing and singing so
because of that I have a very positive
attachment to that so whenever I'm
feeling really really good um I just I
don't know I want to dance and I want to
sing so then I put music on and they
blast it throughout the house and then I
just make it happen so today I actually
have JK party shoot I have to go right
now I have to get ready for my boob
appointment so you can check check up on
the status of my boobies and see how
that's turning out um and what I was
saying was regardless of the shitty
slipped lid on and what I was saying was
regardless of the shitty sleep that I
had um I felt like playing music so I'm
about to take shower
don't worry I might look like shit like
this all day but
this is what our this is the setup here
usually had the speaker while I was
running out of batteries I had a attach
to this so doesn't always look this
ghetto
baby is
just wrapped my doctor's appointment
it's been a week since my surgery and he
took out the stitches which is awesome
and he said next week I could start wig
wig of the bras because right now I'm
wearing a sports bra and he says that's
all I can wear and maybe in like two
weeks I couldn't start slipping flat not
on my size because then my boobs might
shift and one might be closer to the
center than the other which I get it so
now I just rolled up to the JK office
about to shoot some Jacob pay and it's
actually a short session today so it'll
be fun I think we only playing one game
we're about to shoot some beer izl with
J Wizzle and basil and Shawn sizzle
Shawn sizzle and g-fizzle yep stupid
they put this together last night like
at 10:00 or 11:00 p.m. beautiful this
beauty per her - awesome Roseline is
today we're playing home yeah go post
game of queef but please take off we
just finished the first round of quips
quill leaf I don't know what the hell
it's called and it was kind of boring in
my personal opinion because the Prophet
practice runs that we did were kind of
fun um and this one just josh fucked up
so much that it was really fun and he
keeps bullying me I don't know why you
guys keep defending him are you okay
she could choke children he's abused
Araki a lot I'm not dead yet okay see he
does it to himself and he kept pulling
me the whole time we just finished
shooting JK party
and we end early because we have a short
shoot session and I make my way out to
Pasadena because in my crazy mind I
remember that there was a Victoria
Secret out here kazaaam what the dr.
Murray told you guys he said I could
start wearing bras so I have to wear a
fucking sport bra all the time I can
switch it out um and he said that I can
you know start wearing actual bras but
because these are new boobies I don't
have size C bras because I was a size a
that was a size B small B um sorry I'm
actually navigating right now
I'm driving and navigating
I'm a lap over hair
so um I come out here to from JK office
to Pasadena and it's like about a 20
minute drive and traffic because it's
like about it was for when I left oh my
god I spent an hour what a waste of time
anyway long story short I couldn't find
any fucking victoria secret there's no
Victoria Secret I thought to do because
I will kept walking up and down the
street I'm like I could have sworn I saw
it here um but again it could just be my
faulty ass memory like we frickin all
talked about and I didn't find it so now
I got to leave and I gotta head to
another store so that I can get some
bras because underwear do I do I have to
say more cuz underwear wrapped up had
some lunch on the go I actually just um
grabbed like this turkey burrito or
something from like Ralph's and ate in
the car and then didn't really do too
much came home put on the page A's check
it out
and I think I'm gonna do a little bit of
work and I'll hang not really hanging
out with anyone Bart's not here it's
like 10:00 at night
he still has a meeting I've got a very
boring life oh you know what's up they
won't know about this thing right here
you guys keep telling me I forgot to
wipe my nose but it's not me wiping my
nose it's actually a scar that I have um
I had this accident um when I was like
10 or 11 Oh we were racing a dirt it was
me my dad in a go-kart and we're racing
a dirt bike we didn't notice that there
was a ditch on the floor we were going
like maybe like 60 or 70 miles per hour
we don't avoid the ditch we fall into
the ditch the go-kart like spins out of
control we don't have helmets or
seatbelts on because we're fucking
Mexican I don't know
I didn't mean to dis all Mexicans but
were just stupid um and my dad was just
a really fun dad I didn't want it I
don't know restrict the fun so um I like
flew out of the cart and like I'd landed
on my face I had like a black eye all of
this was scabbed all over um doctors
were so amazed that I didn't break bones
on my face and all of that that happened
on my face these are the only scars it's
like a little line here and then like
this big blob so I thought I've gotten
things like oh you forgot to like smear
your makeup or do you have a runny nose
I've had people give me tissues it's not
as apparent as I thought it was but then
recently you guys are talking about I'm
like oh wait a minute
DC's going to be funny but no it is 2:00
a.m. we're still up and working what's
that for Nadine I don't know what the
haunting the deposing he's a model play
girls gonna call
that's on stilts as long as that I've
lose by Miley Cyrus it's called party in
America USA good night beautiful people
or if you like cross them in any sort of
way like how he's going to torture you
and just just the dark twisted shit that
bar can think of I'm like god damn what
are your pair
