this is my outfit of the day got my hair
done got a shirt on got some shorts on
but I still need shoes baby so I'm go to
my shoes and you guys not I only got
shoes up here huh you wrong I got a
secret stash of shoes and even furry
slippers down here but only wear these
during the winter
cuz I get really hot but these are so
comfortable geo bought these from its
fur inside the called softness is like
microfiber but today and I think to pair
up nicely Oh haven't one of these in a
while
I bought these these are like these
custom Reebok classics but it's if you
look in the Sun they're actually a hint
of blue and I bought these when I was
out of Malaysia I was visiting a
visiting I bought these when I was out
of Malaysia visiting pestle and mortar
and in addition to the cloves they had a
shoe section when I saw these I was like
what black leather midnight navy with
gum sole bottoms these are crazy so I
had to pick it up and I usually don't
get a chance to wear them that much
because they're kind of dressy but I
think today it matches my outfit at
least it does in the mirror - Tom good
morning TEPO Mar why are you sighing hey
why are you behind the camera and
there's a backpack on weird just cuz I
finished taking a shower like it okay
that's cool
so dad a gay bar has to go to work and
the kids are just being deadbeat today
even so method eating Reese's puffs
about you Power Rangers laughs what are
you got going on I just got a meeting
stay like from yes over from pretty much
from 10:00 till 6:00 we have meetings
with the iron the Black Keys weijin he
just doubled in 675 yes you're dead when
is that video going up right now
is it yeah you want see that's what we
stayed up until 3:30 that means you guys
are gonna see this video or his video
two weeks late cuz uh or stockpile right
now someone's got to go on vacation yeah
and you know what's cool about today I
get to drive the Porsche baby hmm
all of last week I had to drive a
Durango because I had to carry a lot of
people we had big group events and I had
to carry a lot of stuff the whole entire
weeks the whole week I was missing
driving the Porsche and I was like oh
where am I gonna get to drive the
Porsche again but since today I only
have meetings to go to so I have to roll
solo and I was like yes I get to drive
the Porsche again and I'm really happy
because when I'm driving the Porsche it
just feels so smooth and it's fun and
it's dope to be able to have your
Joyride car so Durango is my work car my
daily driver that I get most of my stuff
handled in but every once in a while I'm
really fortunate and grateful that I'm
able to have a little treat on the side
and this is my little treat on the side
and I'm pretty happy to be able to drive
the silver bear today Joe got the same
idea today oh yeah don't do the fuck
King now we are work good morning are
you writing down no are you writing down
the list of hookers that you want to BAE
yes
Oh bought and Jo that's her first list
of hookers
that's disgusting ek goals the hooker
named JK goals for 2016
aren't Jo after that JK goals I
presented a question about the
seasonality of sorts on the pop bar in
general and so you know I was gonna give
him an example New York so New York's
July kids like when they're most busy
Anaheim's December is supposed to be
when you know winter hits and everything
slows down
Anaheim's December crush your stew I cuz
it's never cold Adele yeah cuz that's
the only thing like compared to because
I know like another places like even
Sacramento like deserts don't do well
but I think I'll like example Sacramento
yeah when I came here like all the yoga
shots pink berries whatever no matter
what season it was tone people were
still in there just kind of blew my mind
oh it's hot here here oh honey
and we're discussing this cuz we're
about to open a condoms daughter turn
this off now so um 512 percent is a
general good investment right yeah so
what
well five percent will just be beating
inflation yeah right above in place yeah
yeah so like I was saying these ones
these groups were put together that's it
they don't usually inviting more people
after because everything stays inside
the money that's made inside it
compounds and then they reinvest it they
reinvest and they grow they require more
franchises so you know pop bar would be
like a first first stage second stage do
some other thing but you know what we'll
get to that one second stage as in like
if there's a whole new concept for like
pokey bar anything yeah yeah yeah and
then so this becomes a big diversifying
investment exactly and food is one of
those things where people are splurge on
you know and pop bar is one of those
items that they splurge on so I prepared
this for you guys
luminary professional you know he's
professional when he got a Rollie on his
wrist oh you do - no I don't
yes I did I'm even durable he's ready
for Hawaii yeah that's the Hawaii why
don't that work that's a Davis Roly
right here
that's right got 20 million of these
got to keep it simple what I did was I
put it per hundred K of investment could
you could chop that as many ways as you
like right is a round number and you
have here the annual ROI which is what
Mark was asking about yeah and you have
your annual gross revenue per location
so let's just say this is these are the
ranges yeah we know and I'm clearly over
a mil mm-hmm
this one right here is the lower end and
I'm just being conservative you don't
want to be put everything out there for
and okay let's just say we leave the
shop alone we don't touch it we don't do
anything I'm not even there that's a 400
K curls revenue right gross revenue you
know this we're very hands-off everybody
just hands-off yeah but no one gives a
fuck about the stalking number that I'm
thinking is right there yeah
realistically we'll probably hit
somewhere between here so like 100 to
800 okay probably what we'll do and you
can see the RO is 29 to 44 and that's on
a hundred thousand dollar investment
there how do you what I mean any any
invest maybe you have 50 then you would
just take 44% times 50 50 K divide that
by 12 so be twenty two thousand four
year over here ran on 50 K investment so
you're saying if we put up 100 it's easy
with 100 cuz you yeah I'm so at the end
we'll get 44 yeah at the end of the year
we get we make 44 grand on the 100 grand
that we put in that's a fuck ton of
money that's 44 percent look you know
the upside is there you just have to so
but if we do Anaheim numbers which is
this right yeah so that's 197 oh it's
over that yeah and I try to get that
number out of it Michael are you going
don't worry about it yeah
I was like just put it this way think
about how many hookers you can buy
Michael they would still be me that's
great
so okay if 50 so that'll be like 4 grand
ah ah you know what calls in my smokey
so basically into the year by parties
the seven grand so it's like 93 on a
signal distribution 45 came out of it
why oh shit Ord load and gather so I
started before I'll feel anywhere from a
few to 400 grand with five grand to band
would that I mean just that's just split
up in all the shops of would that be
like one shop so you know I was thinking
about this too and talked to the lawyer
a bit the easiest way is to have a
simple approach keep leading the numbers
per location straightforward that way we
don't have to learn you know do separate
accounting for one shop and you know it
just gets very intricate gets very so
it's better to split it across the board
is what if one is one is doing this and
the other one's doing this yeah so we
just a verge it out so you want to hedge
it right so what we came up with when I
was talking to a lawyer was 100k per
location per location okay will do four
to five over the next four to five years
I'll be ending on you know what mark
finds for us so that would be the way to
keep the math the most simple this is
suitable so there's a cab it's 100k per
location and then you know whichever
location is needs a little attention
that's where you guys come in
you know let's say we have three
locations and one is doing a little
underperforming a little bit we go ahead
and hit that with the marketing and
bring it up
okay and we'll have real-time numbers
because the POS system we knows is all
the piece of shit system gonna get loud
so yeah it will have like real data
every day that's the that's the same
system the franchisor uses to collect as
royalties so you know how to estimate a
good one and and the other thing is
we'll be working with Greg so
everything's all in-house transparency
you guys
everything I know Greg's amazing you're
gonna transfer everything at Greg okay
oh he's a little more expensive but well
it's because he's not just a CPA he's
also a financial adviser so he helps out
with the growth of your everything yeah
if you guys haven't put two and two
together already we're planning on
investing in a frozen dessert place but
all that talking got us so hungry so you
know we're at work
hi hey baby baby - this fish miso soup
their suggestion here oh my goodness can
you tell me what everything is please
get up
scallops son I need a snack okay yes I
you know Dave handle all oh yeah I don't
I don't handle it
exactly scallops mother how come this
one has a seaweed those guys are black
belts maybe
Oh scallop shell company thing will be
funny you know yeah dad look at all that
fish in your miso soup how do you like
to fish miso soup good new it is right
I'll be right out of that you don't have
a but Arizona wrong oh thank you
you class or as they say in my country
muchas gracias
Sojo put me on to this but this is one
of my favorite fishes here uses a vanish
mat grow and everyone got at least one
Jeremy can you do the honors and eat one
instead of taking a picture like a Asian
guy no you don't need soy sauce but how
you doing
you gotta listen to pitches right this
we can also adjust it or not really
what let me know how you like that like
a video so it's one of my favorite
fishes here you're looking for like I
think you Creator to like if you love
like like makes good huh soft and you
wanted to out work oh yeah Mary Keany
mother choice okay bit is the meeting it
was good
what meaning do we I right now this is a
barbell meeting and there's a really
in-depth thorough breaking down each
company because now essentially I think
it's three companies there's barber gate
apparel bar barbar gay Jim and Bob
abrogate productions and we went through
each one of the companies and kind of
did a basic breakdown of each department
and we'll be spearheading that
department what's a spearhead oh it's
like a triangle
it took a weapon and the cavemen they
actually invented that and now they
would get this stone um I can't remember
the stone in particular then they would
file it up sit in obsidian yes or lava
stones yeah and then they would they
would sharpen the edges and then they're
going to stick and tie that in English
okay let me prompt this by saying we're
only to go by size let me look at this
we have a surprise from Aaron Peirsol a
cheater
that's what if you said to her oh shit
what so let me tell a little story okay
okay what's the story
hi who was originally making the back
press think he got deported
oh wait from from most plays he didn't
work for him oh he was like one of most
old friends that makes bags
oh shit and he's known for like seven
years and he stalks him every day and
then suddenly can't find it anymore
oh my goodness he went to his other guy
who knows he didn't have a happy
relationship with but he's even better
he made this in one day
oh what's the hell so he made this like
really fucking quick just so we can
check the size okay can you please
explain it hey Ron hey Ron play Ron okay
so one well first of all what is this
this is called a bag ah duffle it's a
the barbel Brigade prototype bag yes and
this is like a prototype of a prototype
um there's a lot of issues with it but
mostly this one is just for sizing we
did want to get a bigger one yeah cuz we
had people who wanted to put the belts
inside and they're too big to fit in the
bag yeah the other prototype I kind of
fit my belt in there this one however
you can and I think it's so big that a
suggestion I think we actually can put
the shoe pouch in the side now I see it
working um because it would only take
from like here down and the belt can
even be on top of it if this is a size
that we like the shape isn't even what
we wanted oh but this guy I mean shady
didn't that David is this he already
looks like a really high-quality bag
though compared to the other one the one
that we got made overseas the material
is weird and this is that's why it's
filled with shit right now
it is canvas but it is like some newer
fine canvas which is really soft if this
is it canvas yeah it's canvas but it
like cuz this feels like um some sort of
like REI like yeah it's real bad room
hat on canvas so if I have the material
self without holding its structure very
well so I stuffed it with a bunch of
shit um and obviously like they didn't
get around to you like folding the
handles over or anything and they did
well hearing from you is go shop for a
duffel bag that would really like give
it to him because they'll get it done in
seven hours
hello which is all your narcissistic in
here just watching your own video so
check this out come over here buddy you
guys don't watch your own videos it's
hops right here look at how this is my
chef and his uh Prime oh my god worried
that he's like a black guy inside of a
white guy yeah Oh inside of a black guy
why'd you put a small because a look at
that pass huh oh yeah money so when you
were good this is uh um they're all
right there yeah this is about six
months after I committed fully to
powerlifting yeah I'm still pretty good
but I'm not on my best I'm like pride 23
look he's telling joke I don't have this
kid this my best best player I've ever
coached
and I threw man alley-oop and he can
dunk but he did it yeah so that me and
the head coach who became really right
here
and they just lays it up and so me and
that head coach were really good friends
were talking that shit about these if
you get a really good pass you gotta
fucking dumb exactly everybody
sunglasses I think they're a little
weird now that out of the three of us
are on the same bed they look at
effeminate but before they're okay
little fun
it may be a lot of feminine what's for
dinner
yes doesn't ask you not gonna hunt
already what do you guys want to eat ah
Oh sushi men I'm not oh my God he's
leaving I've said anything I said
whatever you want because what you want
to eat and he says what I want what you
guys are interested in a great fucking
sure plays isof okay we're betting big
tomorrow gonna bench how much just about
three-fitty if I get a good spot yeah
look at this you look like a dick in the
Box uh oh that's it so you guys want
sushi is out you has won anything man
anything semi fast and close I'm into ya
semi fast and close we go on a crazy
adventure that sounds like McDonald's oh
I knew he has come with that Holloway
Yugi or just a diner and there's all
kinds of choices there you did
yeah they got like all kinds they got
like stuff from pastrami sandwiches too
if you want to just get grilled fish
Morelos pastrami if you know if you want
something lean they got something lean I
got something dirty they got ice cream
and all kind of so macro macaronis I got
a lot of macaronis leftover everything
yeah Oh cuz I had sushi for lunch let's
fuck oh god yeah fuck your sushi alright
let's go to the diner all youth anything
let's do it on say well it's awesome
what did you get what did I get
so uh Romar and I the lovely barbell
Brigade couplet brought us here now we
didn't know what we wanted so we got
fish everyday everything we got one of
every two different types of taco their
beef burrito tamales because they don't
have a lot of Mexican food in our Latin
food up and a Mexican actually more
particularly in Canada did you get the
sweet Somali with the pineapple inside
oh I don't think so why don't you tell
me why do you give us any chicken well
that's more of a desert chicken fry
no you have the perfect fine we got
nachos Oh like a miracle or it's like a
nacho cheese house delicious yeah and
yeah would you guys hit me so I got
poverty so pay I wish I could eat for
him I only have one jewel and that will
all me burrito and she's not on any type
of macros Wow
she's on booby mode right now so what me
too
2:42 hey girl you're on booby mob oh my
god
basically you got four tacos yeah did
you guys get a quesadillas by chance
something no oh it's fast look at these
hard workers what are you guys doing why
oh we're preparing for a JK party
tomorrow so we try to get all the setup
out of the way so that once everybody
comes in we can immediately play look at
this huh oh yeah we got the black
curtain or the black tablecloth GoPro up
there hmm got three cameras tell guys
tell hello I'm Sean so much to do which
to edit basically tomorrow we're gonna
put all the film crew guys to be in
front of camera and bar you're gonna
camp out tomorrow yeah exactly what
you're doing right now yeah I'm glad it
he's good at Campbell I can't study - oh
yes and what time is it right now but
you actually said I should say didn't
place it yeah 10:30
no actually I can't have to go answer a
couple emo sorry no on Adiemus ago he
has to go get food you gotta edit the
finish why are you fucking around right
now that's true so you want to fuck
around some more
I'm making you money no you want to fuck
around all day all right that's your
bedroom yeah but Jo dragged me out here
through your eyes I was supposed to go
sleep but then she wants me to come by
her what their sisters gonna get raped
or something huh who everyday I don't
know
she always drags me around everywhere we
can't we got to record your full face
cam you gotta go back just like it
please Ruby i zoom it in oh my guys are
more drooping and Isaac thing is that
you're focusing focusing no it's not
touch I don't know that's green I
thought they were playing now what
camera was touch screen
oh my camera the new camera I have to
dig that's it oh also that's all where
are you this is this is the 3 right and
I got a send me be
hard question I know but you got five
seconds five four three two one Oh
