Oh
so the thing Bart is weighing on it's
actually been my bed for the past five
days and that's that's how I have to
sleep that's literally how I have to
sleep I have to be propped up so that my
boobs don't stay up here and they slowly
start dropping like naturally alright
it's not comfortable when you have to
sleep I think that's the only position I
could stay in it well mind you it took
like two or three nights of fucked up
sleeping for me to discover that so
that's 32 or three nights of fuck tips
to discover that might the back of my
head back here it gets numb because it's
so tired I just slept on it for like
eight hours and then the back of my neck
is really tight my shoulders are stiff
that's how you're massaging me right now
that's I have all these tight muscles
and I can't believe you're massaging me
down who does that who does that
people's underwear though does the one
the one was long sexy of course I wanted
a massage I've been laying like that for
like five days straight can't complain
about that poppers been doing an amazing
job he's the first two days which were
the worst days of my recovery he uh he
took care of me and it was the best Papa
Bear I've ever seen he was just on it
like there was smoke coming from his
feet he was like boom boom boom boom
boom then you look at me and he said you
need this pump got it and then he'd be
like running but now look at this fall
I'm still getting to his side
what's happening right now
I'm gonna read these boob exercises
exercise one around with your hand over
the nipples grasp both breasts firmly
and move breast in a circular motion
while stimulating the clip I read these
directions I don't remember anything
about a clean in there and this is this
is from the doctor's office exercise two
upwards squeeze put right hand on the
undersurface of the left breast butt
left and on the ass inspector stick them
up Abajo while writing them you're gonna
ride me you're gonna ride me while
having your thumb in my butthole anyway
why are you reading these directions
what are they for
it's to help you massage your boobs that
make sure that there's no scar tissue
build up so they feel as natural and
they sit in the right place as possible
exercise three sideways squeeze place
one hand on the inside of the breast and
the other hand on the outside pointer
dick yup so are you reading these
directions I know what to do so the
first one is that why do you need to
know what to do they're not your boobs
well cuz I don't wanna I want to do a
good job
perform 10 - oh that means that you're
gonna you're gonna massage your boobs
yeah oh man for ten times ten repeat ten
more times
ah situation alright do exercise one
alright massage my boobs now okay okay
okay all right
so since getting these boobs recently
I'm still in recovery phase it's been
about I think Tuesday Wednesday so
Tuesday got the surgery Wednesday
Thursday
it is my sixth day of recovery have to
wear this guy the whole time while I
recover just someone oops don't drop and
it feels like they're just gonna freakin
yank my scalp
um and so that they could stay tight so
the bed X the properly fall into their
place I actually went through the
nipples so there's a bunch of stitches
on my nipple and because of that I can't
take a shower for longer than five
minutes so I have like a little I have
like a little routine hour I just wash
my body with like Dial soap real quick
just to like get all the nasty gunk and
oil off of my body and then I'll wash my
hair with just shampoo and I love using
shampoo and conditioner but because I
only have like five minutes um I only
just use chef who that's and my hair
looks super dry and then once I get out
of the shower I like to tell off I get
really dry it and then I'll wash my face
in the sink because again I only have
five minutes to take the shower I don't
want to soak my stitches and get them to
wets and that's just all bad so because
of that I have the driest hair in
America and right now we're about to go
see Bart's mom and have breakfast with
her so I have to make sure I look like a
presentable female so let's see what I
can do without bringing it fucking hey
hair now I'm just doing my makeup cuz I
feel like I did put makeup on I get the
less you look tired
comment I enjoy wearing a tip
I think it's super cute I remember my
first part putting on eyeliner I wasn't
used to the boobs
so my honor was freakin crooked because
was trying to get him uh GLE
I just wasn't happening because I'm just
like oh but the hell I didn't have these
fucking lumps before so weird so we're
supposed to meet Bart's mom at 9:00 at
8:30 I just yelled that Bart Bart you
have to get ready we've got to go soon
it's actually 8:35 now you're gonna see
him going to fast mode okay just finish
having breakfast with Bart's mom and
yeah what else would you call it I
I would call it call it um and and it
just dawned on me that you guys have
never seen Bart's mom and honestly
before I met her before Bart and I got
together I think I only saw her one time
but before we didn't even see that car I
he was in this lane so they were both
swerves or both but he came in this Lane
well that's his bad they were both in
that lane you should have seen it it's
on camera anyway anyway so um before
beating meeting Bart's mom I would just
try to imagine what she looked like and
what type of person she would be because
Bart's just like really like he's a
really chill guy but then he's always
thinking very violent thoughts and he's
very like he's kind of masochistic in a
way it's it's very uncomfortable the
shit that he like thinks up or if you
like cross him in any sort of way like
how he's gonna torture you and just just
the dark twisted shit that Bart can
think of I'm like god damn what are your
parents made of and then he would talk
about like his upbringing and how his
mom would be Tom and stuff and how she
would like had a really good arm on her
with a really good aim because like the
cross room she could throw shit at um
and handles and it would like hit him
like it was like an accurate throw
because it would like always hit him in
like the head or something expert yeah
so I was just like dang where this woman
looked like and then when I saw her I
was like no way this is not the crazy
mom that chased him around it with a
butcher knife I do not buy it
so I guess it's this this is another
opportunity for you guys not to know
what her mom I mean his mom looks like
but yeah you should you guys should
write in the comments below what you
think Bart's mom looks like give me like
a good description like if the cops who
are interrogating you and they were like
yeah I know you're an eyewitness to this
crime that was committed what did this
person look like that's the type of
description I want to see let me know
what you guys think right now we are
driving back to our place to pick up my
house keys from my parents house because
I have to pick up some very embarrassing
photos so that I can share
oh shit which actually reminds me I
should go into this shed and get photos
from there too man I gotta make time for
that
maybe even today
to get photos from the shed maybe
tomorrow don't thank God
alright my mom's house look at those big
cutie pies I forgot these dogs names
once Robert once Robert wants Roxy and
Roxy all right what's up
Roxy see Robert and Roxy come here
this is my dad's vine that he is like in
love with
oh fuck I don't think I can get in my
parents got fancy and they put this
weird fucking Mexican metal door on
their house
so I'll think I can get in anymore
if I can get in that'd be a miracle oh
hell yeah go dad oh-ho snaps oh he's
smart he left the same key for
everything
why don't up that's more like it smart
oh yeah lucky really food and shit for
you there's lucky hi baby
gotta figure out where my mom left
everything it's too hot okay all right I
gotta find my baby a photo album gotta
figure that out all right so this used
to be my bathroom not my bathroom
anymore not even the color that it used
to be and that was not crooked before
and this is before I had a cat but now
they have a cat and that's the shit box
and then this is tub the smallest
bathroom ever to be honest this used to
be my room totally not my room anymore
not one trace of Geo is here but this
was my bed this is a king-sized bed like
look at the bed size in relation to the
room like this room is big enough to
have two twin beds but it just has one
California king and this is what I would
sleep on and it was a shit cuz I could
sleep diagonally vertically didn't
matter I still fit and not by the leaven
that says a lot um didn't have that guy
there that's Gary and a bunch of my
parents close and that's one thing when
I moved out I realized we're doing mom's
get all these awesome fucking blankets
cuz that was the one thing that I did
not have when I moved out and I could
not for the life of me find where all
these fluffy really furry blankets were
like damn it mom where did you buy then
she actually had helped me buy my
blankets oh I got she a picture my
grandma must Stunna grandma
her how hot is that huh go grandma
she is one hot lady rest in peace but
yeah this used to be my this used to be
my high-school room my college room one
time I was like flirting with one of my
boyfriend's there he was on a web on the
web cuz he was like in Taiwan or
something at that time studying out
there and I was like showing him my ass
and my mom walked through this door here
you know so embarrassed cuz she caught
me doing that so yeah that was not fun
and all of these walls were all covered
in bands and models and like different
pictures of people that I followed and
you cannot see the wall because the
entire room was covered in pictures my
room looked pretty badass now it just
looks so funny laughs so boring and then
this room over here used to be my
brother's room and then it changed to my
little sister's room you see some
remnants --is of her living here all
that crap I don't know if that's her
stuff to be honest but um I got that
from my dad on Father's Day but the rest
of the toys or stuffed animals are hers
and this used to be my brother's room it
was like the most boring room ever
my little sister took it over hey they
changed the carpeting I don't know that
yeah
so and there's another TV in here what
the hell they got hella fancy I had the
fucking box TVs and that wasn't even too
long ago either that I had that box TV
in the meet what hidden engine yeah well
that's what I wanted what are you doing
babe why are you setting up the airflow
in here oh snap we finally got the AC I
had to extend the old snag through the
fucking it turns so slow so I was
already yelling but then this fucking
camera was barely adjusting to my face
so renew oh snap we finally got some AC
is up in this bitch
but this house is so fucking old we have
no central a/c the only place in the
house that had AC you is actually Barton
my room and we would host meetings and
like people would just kick it in the
living room and I mean this is like the
central part of the house where everyone
likes to lounge and kick it and this is
the hottest point of the house the
hottest in the West yeah basically
because the Sun would set in this
direction right in front of our fucking
window and the windows are beautiful and
it's like one of my favorite things
about this house is this window but it
would just suck because then we would be
cooking in this fucking box and our
landlord was dope enough to hook it up
ok ok landlord I see you and he got us
AC so it's not centrally see which is I
mean you know we can't always have
everything we want but the fact that he
was so kind enough to get this installed
for us in the middle of is this even
summer I feel like our summer should
have passed a long time ago so some all
right well it's it's that the tail end
of summer but it's the fucking hottest
like two days ago it's like 100 and
something right now I think it's already
it's like in the 80s and it's not even
noon yet
so dock
so I just spent the past probably thirty
minutes just reminiscing about all of
these freaking embarrassing photos that
I just discovered thanks to my mom who's
a very organized person when I moved out
I thought I took everything with me and
I put everything in boxes and I place it
in a shed and when I was looking for
pictures for this series that we're
doing for jakie films called how we met
where we go through every single member
of JK and we explained a little bit
about their past and then um a little
bit about their past before they met JK
and then when they met Jake Kate and
then the present and it takes this
really cool journey in their life and
you really get to know that person so
when I did mine Casey actually required
some old-school photos when I was a kid
too when I was in high school college
and just all my different phases in life
so I asked my mom because she's super
organized I'm like hey mom do we have
any more photo albums that I didn't
already take she's like yeah there's a
whole box downstairs that I kept for you
and it's labeled G oh so I opened it and
it's all this stuff that I completely
forgot that I even had and it's all this
really cool high school stuff like when
I took photo like actual like film
developing type of photo I have all my
IDs from like junior high I have this
planner that I like custom design and
made myself because I was a really
lonely bored kid and it was really cool
cuz I even have like trophies with
system for oh this is a handle babe
fucking hand ball trophy tell everyone
about what do you have a trophy this is
they don't even give as this bastard
this is a thank you for participating on
you fucking stuff forward Elementary
cool and
sympathy trophy but deal do you have one
that says handball tournament Macey
school I don't know it's just my name on
it but there are fairy tales about me
there's legends there's legends folklore
there's myths about the great Bart one
on the house off work and in the armpits
yes tell them about when the first time
you told me you're a handball champion
and I was like I'm gonna have my
champion and tell them what happened
I think we played like 11 games with him
but she just wouldn't give up that first
was gonna be like that's not a dream I
smash I just finished playing volleyball
I just finished playing a volleyball
game so she's familiar with the playing
ball sports right she's good at bouncing
and hitting stuff and then she'll see
her house in a ball champion so she
played me the first three I fuckin swept
her and if she wouldn't give up even at
11 to 0 she was still like oh you know
what maybe it was the better your older
years and it was like 23 24 but that's
how good I was at handball now even now
last night people are you gonna amp up
she's gonna challenge I'll play beat you
in basketball awesome I beat you 4 to 0
I'm a basketball but I am good at
handball I'll play anybody but I have a
trophy he's a different trophy
anyway so yes I was going down memory
lane and it was dope and I remembered
that um I actually got this at a thrift
store and I remember I was really into
collecting stamps so here's a few of my
stamp collection I'll get to collecting
a bunch of weird shit but it was really
cool to like look through all this stuff
and remember how fucking awkward I was
but I thought I was so cool and there's
some pictures where I'm trying to be all
sexy and stuff and I'm wearing makeup
and I thought I look so hot and I look
at myself known I'm like so stupid and
awkward no wonder I was getting made fun
of all the time I was so into myself too
into myself no you don't it was a lot
better I have my personal driver here
the African dream the Afghan dream
he says he was so nice he was like okay
I'll be careful for bumps guys this is
my boobs they're still tender any sort
of bump if we can hurt it but now it's
all good so we were driving and we were
on our way to go film with Casey we were
on our way to go to his house and the
Dean was driving but in the middle of
going to Casey's he calls me he says he
needs something that's at our house so
we had a turn back around
and we're now at my house and my boob
hurts
so weird how do you girls with natural
boobs do it well that's a stupid
question
ignore me I'm dumb bianna Dean took the
car keys because it's those keyless
entry type of cars and once the car and
once the car leaves a lot and once the
keys leave the car then it starts
beeping like crazy
this actually mine and Bart's car it's a
joint car
but I can't drive yet because boobs
so weird
oh shit Nadine the African dream is back
that was fast
oh really we were just talking about oh
you guys yeah
was it good
I know you just have to wait if it's
about me it's always super cat I love
him
be wary we are now or not we because
there's no fucking we it's just me but I
am now at Casey's pad because we're
gonna shoot Casey's documentary and
here's Isaac and there's oh and there's
Brandon with his shirt on
finally slut and it'd be my chauffeur
and Isaac and oh this guy Isaac right
here and have you met Isaak
what about Isaac new guy that I've met
his name's Isaac is that true Isaac whoa
wait what Casey just said yeah what do
you what do you feel
he says you're a girl and you said that
was true
just kidding I tricked you
this is why I love cats
and get a cat eventually get in here
maybe
can we zip this up yeah
no I think you got his whiskers I think
you looked well I was kidding right now
you got it you got back in it usually
when they want to get out they just jump
out dude whoever gets this bag
hopefully it's Bart he's gonna be
sneezing up a storm
look at this start kicking it just
kidding dumb kid kids
we kept okay
let me peek at the bottom
keep Claude back out yeah he's alive so
we just wrapped with KC he did a great
job he hates being in front of the
camera and I hate being the one that has
to ask the questions but he did a great
job he nailed it I just hope I did his
directing justice but I came out here to
tell TIFF and Isaac that we're done so
now they can make noise on the set I
come out here and this is what I see
this freakin monkey lady doing shit
that's the off talk about what the other
capable is but who needs a man who needs
a man when you got a woman what is up
see those are the type of girls I like
the other foofy girls that are the
do-nothing bitches I don't like those
girls those are lame sorry Isaac I
should cuss this is so I was not
expecting this at all though
hell yeah all right so came home a C's
full and on and blastin it feels bomb
but this guy's here
alright so oh fuck I don't know if they
know yet well anyway Bart and I are
gonna get we're gonna get that rise in
September September 9th so it's 99 I
know and this guy keeps making fun of me
what do you what do you see that we're
gonna say so I think that one of them is
gonna cry I think Jill's gonna cry
I see something I think you're too kind
you are gonna cry you are gonna cry okay
probably cry a little bit okay cuz my
mom probably cried but AC or nah yeah I
probably I'm gonna cry
let me move it in here finish the
further away you came closer
sweaty armpits oh okay all right
just get away oh I thought you meant it
had been like a condom because he was
talking about it captain fuck you might
have carried he said baby carrots
anymore that is that's a chest 18 inch
class would imagine kiss anything I
don't know anything just finished
shooting barbell with this numbskull
hello
another guy back there horrible
we Vince got fired they're taking us to
the airport now appreciate it always you
see how they're talking over each other
did that shit
and now they're gonna go play basketball
I can't do bastards now I'm just gonna
watch the guys play basketball because I
can't play cuz I boobs will get David
and Califf oh shit shits gonna get Bree
oh the boys are so excited to be playing
it's like they're 9 years old all over
again check out how excited they get
there's Khalif with the ball and he
missed it all right there's Bart try and
pretend like he knows what he's doing
she's actually pretty good though it's
pretty hot I'm not gonna lie my paw
bears got got handles not like Khalif
but he's got him pretty much all right
there's David he didn't wear a sports
bra today
all right
there's Barden David there you go the
match of this ago oh shit
imagine all been waiting for
nice dominate humbly not what happened
it dominated humbly he laughed at you
you should have seen what he did over
here okay I see you Khalif and I I
didn't see that no it's okay
do tired shoes alright so after
basketball we had some dinner we came
home and what's your YouTube channel pal
we're just working now you're like hey
rookie bully the only person not work
hockey no the only stud no there you go
editing a video metrics data numbers 5
p.m. tomorrow all right I think we're
all just gonna have an editing party and
just call it a night dude stupid
here water because you haven't been
eating anything there's no sodium to
retain this in your body just gonna pee
it right out so you need this bad boy
and then after your body gets all kinds
of electrolytes then you put this bad
boy in there so you need both bad boys
