so far I woke up today I went to the gym
and I came home and took a shower and
then Gio woke up so I was like hey babe
are you doing and it sure was like I'm
hungry and I was all sure that's a good
sign it's a good sign that means you're
recovering what do you want to eat is it
the first thing that she wants to eat is
King taco and I'm like dude for your
first meal you want something that heavy
because the last day
she's just been eating apple sauce
yogurt crackers dissolved in her mouth
with Gatorade just for electrolytes and
a lot of non solid food and now this is
gonna be her first solid meal and she
wants Mexican food I was like man you a
Mexican ass motherfucker the first thing
that you want to eat after your tummy
feels good there's some carne asada
tacos but that's what baby wants that's
what baby gets so I'm heading over to
King Taco together
some tacos I gotta be careful today cuz
just by driving around for like less
than five minutes
I already saw four cops already and it
is the end of the month so it is
possible that these cops are out trying
to get their quota so I got to be
careful if you guys start driving if you
guys notice towards the end of the month
you'll see a way more upsurge and
presence of cops on all the streets and
that's usually when they're trying to
get their quotas for the end of the
month so they're extra strict so you got
to be really careful be careful you
don't want to get caught in one of those
cock traps I'm out there
are you happy that you got your King
Taco HP bomb
is that what you've been waiting for
this whole time really but that was the
first thing you told me you wanted to
eat you're like I want try to think of
what team taco kind of Nina sh king
tacos lien king tacos lien mama bill and
you got that Pina water hmm
you look happy
you get to eat the food from your home
country house delicious Oh what did I
get
I got a on me burrito taco as well and
then Pepsi with extra ice I love ice Hey
are you counting
yes I'm tracking today Darrell's teas
are fucking big like shit
got some big-ass titties I've never
heard that before
who's there who's me me me who are you
going for you all come we're doing
everything for you funny
oh yeah Kenya thank you hi MA bear hi
how did you sleep last night
what just leaves anyone but those
pillows look really comfy they're not
comfy well they are within how do you
really like to sleep my side how come
you can't sleep like that they're gonna
fall out
oh I think if I sleep on my side too
quickly though they'll drop into place
for kiddley a crooked of wood so I guess
for the first two nights I don't know
why for me tonight I'll feel like that's
enough time I like the first two nights
drama to sit up right so the poops can
drop into place think so doesn't make
sense for two days did you feel like
going up last night a lot like the whole
day I'm just like every other fuck five
minutes I was just trying I didn't tell
that's good another thing is freaking
constipated piss of the vicodin my
stomach's like really bloated do you
want to take the magnesium citrate
don't take care when we get back oh
that's fun so cuz you have to wipe my
butt funny I don't mind I don't mind
wiping your butt for you I have to give
you a bath too would you rather me wipe
your butt first and then give your bath
or would you rather just go in the
shower and I spray your butt down and
then wipe your butt would you rather you
poop and then I'll wipe your butt or
would you rather you poop and then we go
in the shower and I clean your butt in
the shower
why okay
I'll wipe a little butthole I mean your
butthole is gonna get real close I'll
try to make it work first no no no no no
you don't want to stretch anything or
pull any muscle I'll clean a little
butthole for you all right this is so
funny I've never been in this part of
the department store before but geo
wants me to get her a sports bra with
the zipper and that's what the doctor
recommended so I know nothing about
sports bras but I do know a Geo sighs
and um I don't even know where to look
I'm in the female sports section and I
see tights Oh sports bras oh damn
but none of them have a zipper they're
just our regular gotta find one with the
zipper though all more sports bras see
your sports bras Dan none of them have a
zipper I need one with the zipper do any
of these have a zipper damn it no zipper
no zipper no these have a zipper damn it
alright ah let's see do these have a
zipper alright none of these have a
zipper alright we'll go ask someone for
help
Oh Kohl's doesn't have it now I got to
go to another department store but I
only have one hour because Jill's
appointments out for and it's two
o'clock right now and I got to make it
back by 3:00 because it takes about an
hour to get from our place to Beverly
Hills around this time I hope I can make
it but the good thing is I'm in the
Porsche so I should be able to go
decently fast obeying all laws of course
but what I've noticed is just because
I'm an abortion I've been able to get
places usually five to ten minutes
faster depending on how far away this
place is so uh wish me luck guys
all right now I'm at forever 21 and
hopefully I could find a sports bra
right here with the zipper because this
is the second department store and time
is running out I so good news I found
one with the zipper except I don't know
what size it is because they stamp the
theft-deterrent thing over the size so I
gotta go ask to see what size it is
but everything else I've seen on the
floor is an extra small goddamn is like
a club in this motherfucker but uh maybe
I should just dance
I'm just kidding okay uh I'm gonna go
see if they have a medium cuz we're
running out of time I was awkward as
hell I went into a girl's underwear
store to look for it but I was like if
any store at this mall is gonna have a
weird zipper sports bra it's got to be
Victoria's Secret
but there's all these like little girls
moms grandpa's all kinds of ladies
buying underwear and I'm like this only
dude in there trying to look for
different sports bottle that was how
hard work I'm super excited to share
with you all the good news I got a
sports bra but then I got bad news and
the only sports bra company that the
doctor doesn't want Gio getting a sports
bra from is Victoria's Secret I don't
know why it's unlike pop now I'm back to
Ground Zero and I'm gonna rush over to
Sports Chalet hopefully I can find a
sports bra yeah they got tons of brands
Reebok an ammonite cuz I hope I can find
something Sport Chalet came through like
the real homie and just to be safe I got
small medium and large we're now safe
and I let you know though that we can't
make the four o'clock appointment so she
called in and let them know that we're
gonna be running late so she pushed up
on me back to five which is good so now
I don't have to have a heart attack
while I'm driving but I'm selling them
off like a Porsche so I'm still gonna
get home asap and see how Gio is doing
but mission accomplished so we're good
BQ knew a guy your sports bras with the
zipper
hey puppies funny bricky feels so good
in here huh with the AC oh yeah you know
how hot it is outside a hundred degrees
as soon as I step out of the car I
immediately start sweating feels good in
here you little puppies you guys don't
even know how good you have it
is scratchy bitch
how's your teddies mob there it's so bad
why cuz the bumps on the road
yeah so positive to pull it down but for
making it turn that a shit to the side
it hurts so bad
that's why we change cars today ha
we took the SUV today since the rides a
little bit softer the Porsche their
sports suspension so it's really stiff
and yesterday on the way back home from
the doctor's office
and turn around on Sunday on the way
home from the doctor's office every
little bump was shaking Gio's titties
and her titties were hurting like crazy
but today we decided to take an SUV a
little bit softer but even with the soft
suspension every bump or every little
crack we're driving over your days are
still fucking hurting some so bad I can
only imagine if I imagine I got kicking
the ball sacks like three thousand times
my ball sounds horrible but imagine like
if I had balsakhi implants I was riding
a horse that's imagine but that's what I
imagine it would feel like
all those are all the titties oh cool
look all different titties are which
ones saline who is Teddy's feel nice
oh he's titties feel nice
oh these titties feel real nice and
these titties are soft these titties are
really soft they do a really good job
with these titties these titties are
really soft my bet you see which one say
me it is no there is titties are heavy
though
well this is probably Saline right this
is PI silicone now this feels like
saline he feels like mochi feels like
mochi hello
oh I didn't meet you nice meeting if I
take you sure how you had your brothers
yeah I thought multiple sizes and I'm so
scared of lightning pull it up the bra
with the zipper so MA how's the doctor
visit I was faster than I thought he
just cut off the bandages we looked at
my boobs for a little bit he massaged it
to show me the pressure should be
placing pinch my nipples just to make
sure I had sensation still I was kind of
interesting um and then he put on my bra
the new sports bra yeah and with the
zipper zipper and say it was like 10
minutes how come he kept like
finger-banging your boobs and I keep
hearing he go ooh ah ah ooh still I'm
still really sore especially on my ribs
ah um and he was just like he wasn't
being gentle you know he's just trying
to get in and out get the business done
so he was just kind of my boobs around
it it hurts over you think he was
testing to see if you have all your
nerves they're still probably because it
might it might actually be a healthy
thing that by him jamming her boobs
around and her going movie ah but then
if you jammed them around and then you
don't feel anything that might be a big
big problemo
could be a possibility are you happy
with your boobies
ah I like how natural they already look
even though they're really really high
up because my body still needs to you
know get used to it the skin needs to
stretch and they need to drop more cuz
try another up here and that really
shouldn't be this high so slowly um but
the boob sac will get stretched out and
then they'll drop more and they'll fall
into place so they're not even my
nipples look a little bit off and I
think it's just cuz they're all so sore
and bloated I like her boobs
just cuz it looks like there's more
cleavage and it looks more welcoming
it's like please come motorboat these
please what is that mob fare
do you like miso soup would you say it's
one of your favorite soups
mine too yeah it's called miso soup did
you ever try the miso soup with clams
did you ever try miso soup with fish you
should try that's really good too
I tried it the other day I mean it was
my whole intro
the miso soup here is pretty Pama we got
tofu chunks we're at a sushi bar and
this is a little Osaka on Sartell and
West LA and a little fat for a little
trivial action when I used to go to UCLA
and ice live in Westwood I still come
out here all the time with Joe and all
my other friends and this was my
favorite sushi spot while I'm with the
college at UCLA what did you get my
channel
I got yellowtail sashimi with tuna
sashimi rice and they call this - kimono
so right here a sushi and
little nugget of
tribulus what's the word
thinking of all these crazy was a little
fun fact about myself high school you
still a nice live in the Westwood in the
West LA area nice to come out here all
the time heat issue she gets one of my
favorite spots because it's super
authentic it's super mama Papa's basic
shit they even have like bowls are
wrapping cucumber and it has no Western
influence in California or anything like
that it's super basic and that's what I
really liked about this place I'll bring
a mop right here because she needs to
eat some really clean food well
I'm back when I started dating you
brought me to this place but I hate men
and really eat anything but chicken just
to let you know I'm framing up the soy
sauce but your boobs are popping out yes
they're paying off already so now you
get to eat sushi with a more refined
palate hopefully like it can you eat a
piece of yellowtail tell me if you like
it here all right we go already the side
it tastes really good it's really good
right really see why I used to come here
all the time
Wow
you regret eating chicken teriyaki all
those days oh my look at that I'm
talking about you not even a tune
oh it is a big
my best making me horny
it's making me horny mom what would that
do
