what's going on today oh my god this is
gonna come as a shock to so many people
but today I'm getting surgery
what kind of surgery you be freaking
Foley Barre surgery boob surgery yeah
I'm getting a breast augmentation I
could see your nipples poking out of
those shirts oh are you excited of
course I'm excited this is fun this is
gonna be great this is something that I
wanted for a very long time um so I'll
just kind of walk through the mental
development and in the mental maturity
that I've gone through so in high school
is very insecure and I I thought I was
like such a freaky looking person not
freaking a good way I just thought I
looked weird
I always felt like I look like a boy and
I had like a lot of confidence issues as
most females in high school do and one
of the biggest things issues that I had
with myself because at that time boobs
are so important nobody cared about an S
and I'm like dude I'm so lasted fucking
hate it I hate my body I'm gonna get a
boob job so now fast forward maybe like
five six years I'm like in my early 20s
I'm like I'm perfect the way I am I love
my body I got more into fitness after
like doing sports for so many years of
them I'm like man like I love I love the
way I look
I became super confident I didn't give a
shit about what anybody thought about me
I met the love of my life Bart whoo he
thinks I'm ultimately perfect and he
makes me feel beautiful um so he only
validates what I already knew about
myself not to sound conceited but just
just to let you guys know how confident
all I am so cut to another few years or
fast-forward another few years and now
I'm into more fitness you guys have
noticed I'm a power lifter now and he's
deadlift at 336 pounds yeah
um I've been on a cut for like a few
months now and I'm noticing
actually not even the cut yet so I got
it tomorrow weightlifting and my body
started changing I started building
muscle muscle that I didn't even know I
had the first muscle that I realized
that I that I started developing outside
of the usual abs and legs and whatnot um
or my lats on the side here this
semester sigh all stretching and then I
flexed it unintentionally flexed it and
they felt how rough it like how thick
and solid it was what the hell is is
like babe what is this this thing feels
weird as hell like my arm and my back
are now touching I've never had that in
my left foot is at this fucking point
you think that's just the muscle like
what I have muscle damn that's so cool
so then I got like really hooked into
like developing muscle and kind of
sculpting my body into a way that I
thought looked very beautiful and I
continued to do that even now and I'm
like my body looks awesome it's really
great that I can I can facilitate growth
and I can like basically sculpt it right
and becomes beautiful to me but now the
only thing that I feel that I'm lacking
because now I'm looking at cemetry and
I'm looking at you know the overall
package that's Geo and I'm like fuck
there's some imbalances in my body that
I unfortunately cannot naturally develop
or change because my legs I can make
bigger smaller my but I can make bigger
smaller my arms same things everything
else my body I can change except for my
fucking boobs so now I'm like hey I'm in
this sculpting stage and I think that or
I know that like I the way I perceive my
body like there's just something that's
off about it so what am I gonna do I'm
gonna balance it out so that's kind of
the thought process for today whoa are
you nervous
the surgery is nerve-wracking so be
honest I'm super nervous because it's
surgery but um I've had a lot of
girlfriends that have visited this
particular doctor and they look amazing
um so I'm not nervous in terms of the
results but yeah because it's surgery to
have to go under and I'm gonna be put
what is it called anesthetics yeah I'll
be yeah yeah I'm gonna be put under
anaesthetics so i'll be out cold for
several hours and of course with that a
lot of complications could happen but
that's the I guess that's the only thing
that I'm nervous about and I just don't
want to look too big I don't know I just
hope you can capture the vision that I
want cuz I don't want to look like um
not that there's anything wrong with
this but personally I just want to have
a natural-looking chest right now I'm
probably like at a small a because
unfortunately for my body type when I
lost weight that was the first area that
fat was reduced um there are people
those body fat in different areas and
that's not something that can control
yeah I wish I can control that it didn't
leave my boobs but unfortunately left my
boobs before it left any of the other
areas I wanted it to leave um so yeah I
forgot what I was saying that yeah yeah
yes I noticed that they got a lot
smaller hmm so I'm going from an 8 maybe
like a small C because I'm wide so a C
for me because I'm 511 might look
ginormous on a 411 chick that's super
petite you know but but yeah good night
you little furry creature mama bird a
little phone but you say good night
everyone started they were like did you
talk bar in baby would you say oh my god
even though we thought you let a monkey
you don't wanna do that
sometimes but not after I turn eight
years old we're starting a new series on
JK films and the first episode is up
already and it's doctor Jo
and this series is gonna be a series of
documentaries linking how every single
JK member met and came to be and so
we're digging way back and I'm really
excited because now I've been tasked to
dig up a lot of old footage and old
pictures of whatever I can find that can
kind of show and help document to help
exhibit how me and Jo and JK films came
to be so I'm digging through this hard
drive right here which I haven't even
touched since like 2007 and I got these
two more of these hard drives that I
haven't touched since like 2009 I even
got my old iMac back since like my
college days so this iMac I've had I
think my senior or junior senior year in
college and that's probably like 2008
I'm gonna remember the password I gotta
ask my my computer friend my tech friend
to figure I could get in but there's
gonna be a lot of interesting pictures
photos gonna be walking back it's gonna
be walking them back through memory lane
and I can't wait to share that with you
guys
in this new series I'm really excited
about this series because it goes really
in-depth and me and Joan we really like
documentaries and feature films and this
is a chance for us to kind of showcase
in a in a very long documentary but it
won't feel long because it's gonna be
episodic and it's gonna be centered on
each individual person so it starts with
Jo and then it goes to me and then it
goes to Gio and it goes to Casey and so
on and so forth so
I can't wait to see what's in these hard
drives but I'm not gonna show you here I
want you to watch the finished product
on just kidding films because I got to
do KC justice and I can't leak anything
cuz he's putting his heart and soul into
creating his documentaries look at this
crazy la weather we're in the middle of
summer at just last week it was a
hundred and ten degrees and now it's
raining and there's traffic everywhere
that's normal that's true damn it look
at all this rain how can it be a hundred
degrees last week and then now raining
does that make sense to you no I've
never made it 72 right now outside so
for those of you guys that complain
about us oh you guys don't know whether
people comfort is so spoiled and they
complain actually this fucking insane
cuz before it is a fucking desert
so it's really hot and really dried rose
and then it's raining so it's so
confusing the same elements that makes
California beautiful and very
comfortable at the end which is a
combination of beach and desert is also
the same thing that makes California a
crazy place to live as well it is dry
but the temperatures are moderate but
then it rains and then when it's hot is
trying heat but I should have to search
by heat or humidity me too me too
oh yeah what about your boobies though
are you ready I think so I just hope we
don't die cuz you're vlogging while
you're driving a stick shift well I got
skills
I got skills I got you know people in LA
don't know how to drive when it starts
reading they fucking flip out and they
just start off they're gonna start
slowing down for some reason I don't
know why
because 65 miles an hour is hella safe
to drive in wet conditions and I don't
know why people got to slow down to like
35 miles an hour now for no reason just
cuz it starts raining
slow down 35 cuz you're fogging months
it's raining I'm fast driving so do this
at home kids
I'm with my baby baby boomer are you
ready
no yes I know we're here
I know I can't believe I'm doing this
dr. Kim's place in Beverly Hills okay
after you this place seems legit at
least you're not getting boobies in
Mexico we'll see we're trying to
document all of this
oh it's my girlfriend geo just went in
to go take a pregnancy test because I
have to check to make sure that she
doesn't have any babies before they put
her under and after that is past her
operations gonna start soon and the
whole surgery's gonna last about 4 to 5
hours and they'll let me know an hour
before when I can come pick her up but
this is a nerve-wracking part because I
feel like the surgery is going to be
smooth sailing because thousands and
millions and billions probably if people
get breast augmentation all the time and
Jill did a research and she found one of
the best places recommended by so many
of her model friends and it's in Beverly
Hills so they get top clientele so um
I'm excited for her and now I'll just be
chillin for the next 4 or 5 hours until
she's done and something she always
wanted and I really really support her
right now I'm out here on the Main
streets of Beverly Hills looking to get
a bite to eat because I'm hungry
but I noticed something that's really
interesting which is almost every single
medical professional that I see come out
of a building
they all got big-ass titties and that
makes me feel really good because that
means they're willing to put their money
where their mouth is so the last thing
you want to go is go to like a tattoo
shop and a tattoo artist has no tattoos
because that's why is he scared to
endorse the product that he's trying to
sell you know I mean so when I see all
these medical professionals doctors
nurses pas or all these other medical
professionals with big-ass titties it
makes me feel good because now I know
all of these guys trust each other and
they have a hundred percent confidence
in their product which is really dope
now
here kinda find something to eat but I'm
on Yelp and every place I see is like
three dollar signs for dollar signs that
shouldas how expensive but then I also
look around and I see Lambos and
Ferraris everywhere so that's the
demographic around here so originally
I'll just come try to find some you know
financially friendly macro friendly
meals something that's not gonna hurt
the wallet but since everything is hella
expensive I was like you know I might as
well go all out
I just need out of steakhouse cuz I have
to pay 30 to 40 bucks anyways for a
sandwich might as well get some steak
the guys think
hochi Izu but you guys have to pay 30 or
40 dollars for a sandwich I'll pay 30 or
$40 for a steak
feel like a peasant honest truth man
even though I grew up in LA my whole
life every time I step foot and rotate
Drive in Beverly Hills
I still get this breathtaking feeling
where it's like wow this is where all
the movie stars live this is where all
that Hollywood magic is made and it's
still breathtaking in and I can never
take it for granted it's crazy and as
and as many movies oh shit my bad oh
shit my bad and in as many movies as
I've seen this famous Rodeo Drive it
still never gets old and all the times
that I come here it still never gets all
to walk through here it almost feels
like the adult Disneyland you know when
you go to a theme park and um you walk
through like like Disneyland for example
you walk your toontown Tomorrowland or
Frontierland and you see like all the
inspirations from all the movies that's
how I feel when I walk through Rodeo
Drive for like you see all these
inspirations for my pretty woman and all
these other movies and it's so iconic
and it's it's like a piece of history
and also like a piece of art at the same
time it's pretty dope um I got some
garlic greens but the Flatirons take 8
ounces and I got some bread it's a
pretty dope view in front of me he's a
really nice restaurant and I'm hungry as
hell so I'm about to grub
I just finished eating and the steak was
perfectly cooked
it was medium-rare the inside was pink
and when I pressed the top a little bit
of blood will come out so super juicy
and then the stir-fried greens were
super garlicky just the way I like it
was delicious but walking around here
I'm not gonna lie I don't feel like I
fit in and I don't know what it is like
there's tourists around there's balls
around us regular people around us all
walks of life around here
Novus the decor or something like when I
walk around I feel like I don't feel
like I can live here like everywhere
that I go when I walk around let me know
if you guys did this too but everywhere
that I go I always try to imagine the
architecture and the lifestyle in the
culture and I try to imagine if I could
live there and I don't feel like I can I
don't know if I could live in Beverly
Hills and even though I own a Porsche
there's a lot of Porsche drivers out
here I feel like we're of the same class
there's a lot of entrepreneurs out here
a lot of business owners out here but it
just feels kind of different like it
feels were like where people consume
things like people consume
good for the brand a little bit that
might be stereotyping a little bit but
for me I like course because it's the
best daily driven sports car that you
can buy and I like brand-name Goods
because it's I quality made not so much
for the brand
I think just so they can have a
super-loud L wallet or super-loud lb
person there's something to show other
people they own an LV thing and if I
were to get a high quality like healthy
and leather product then probably be the
most subtle one so I think because of
that in the way our tastes are and the
way I consume things I don't feel like I
fit and I always feel like I have to
walk on eggshells everywhere I go and I
can't behave like myself like earlier
when I was clogging my meal well that's
probably just because I'm trying to be
polite and I don't want to ruin other
people's meals but I didn't want to vlog
to valley or talk too much because I
could affect the people to the left or
right of me but usually at a normal
restaurant in my hood although I still
try to be polite I don't feel like I'm
walking on eggshells and I have to be so
controlled that much you guys know what
I'm talking about if you guys ever felt
this room or guys enter someplace and
you feel like you aren't yourself or you
can't be yourself let me know in the
comments below how you feel but that's
kind of how I feel about this place
although I know there's a lot of high
quality good and high quality surgeons
out here I don't know if I could live
here this south this is a cool-ass
Beverly Hills trolley or bus of some
sort but it looks like it was made in
like the 1920s and it looks so cool it
looks like the front of a steam engine
I love old-school shit this is really
really cool
God dang look at his rolls-royce phantom
just all murdered the hell out sick so
black my camera can't even catch it
Bentley over there crazy so fabulous oh
my god
pink badly so fabulous right when I
found a Starbucks to get some work done
app I get the phone call that Jill's
ready and I even bought a drink because
there's free Wi-Fi there and I hate be
one of those leeches and just come into
a place knowing that there's free Wi-Fi
and I take advantage of that I feel
that's fucked up I'll always get a drink
every time I'm gonna use some places
Wi-Fi or at least purchase some kind of
product but as soon as I bought it they
called me and they said that Gio is
ready to get picked up now so now I'm
gonna go get her I hope everything is
fine they told me that she's in recovery
phase and it went and the operation was
a lot shorter than expected I wasn't
before hours that's what Jill told me
but it was only about an hour and a half
you look very cute right now oh your
eyes open you look like a new hatchling
like an alligator
you know the alligator comes out of
their shells and their eyes are closed I
never watch the Discovery Channel you
Pig cutie pie
how do you feel
go sleep right now does it feel good
like it's a cold doing blanket only
starts to come out so like your wife and
all the sudden you'll see it come out
again touch her
sure absolutely
yeah oops you pick uni
you connected I connect it to this IV Oh
dehydrated like soup or porridge or
something like fried chicken no more how
do you feel what
are you ready to go home
do you need help
be careful be careful
thank you so much
by
hey mom
oh this is Bart this is barb little
chinito is Bart are you Jill got her
nose job Jill got her nose job the honor
knows his way bigger now oh no I already
picked her up she finished her nose job
yeah they put him they put two noses on
her and then they cut off her but that
was she can fit better yeah they cut off
her butt so she could sit more flat
gonna talk to Jo she's on a lot of drugs
right now she's on a lot of drugs she
took a lot of drugs they gave her
cocaine this time
okay okay jill has really big boobies
now bikini
mom knows receiv down
not that this leader
fuck
I'm out there
your home now
pick up big boobies
yeah those things are big
I touch them
softly
who it is a big mop is making me horny
it's making me horny ma look at that
dude
we got a div is making me horny more
back after jackoff
but you're right here
and you got these big old boobies
right there ready for action
I think honestly
why why don't you just go sleep
I'll go jackoff
I'm all berry filling look at all those
pillows that you have behind you I'm not
trying to make you look so cute
you have two bears behind you
I'm not trying to look fucking cute as
shit but fucking cute did you see it
picked up those tits though
you look like evel's korean kimonos on
you
a tiff is this charger the one does next
to the couch is this yours or Gio's okay
well we're gonna use it
and
I'm scared to squeeze this shit in that
small
it sure a big-titty bitch now
English
wait wait smallest small it's my
backpack whoever that one my my purse
back
like when I
I really felt like throwing up when I
first you
an eyeful mama are you hungry going to
eat something let me get you food
the deme a poker you want pokey can you
eat that
let me buy you soup or something
what kind of soup do you want
that's
like citron spicy soup those although is
that I went to sleep it was so scary
right so I'm like a cat Luminos I go to
sleep and then wake up
you look pretty comfortable though
so what kind of soup you want you're on
like tomato soup like minestrone chicken
noodle soup hey chicken noodle soup
there's a little bit of carbs a little
bit of protein in chicken noodle soup
or you want minestrone where it's just
like tomatoes and vegetables
you want me to just pick for you
don't your unit or your miso soup
okay
are you hungry right now I'm gonna get
it right now so I'll get it within the
hour
okay what the heck is going on out here
the D made some hokey huh
yeah is it delicious everything's a bomb
when it comes to you that's true you do
make good food right yeah look at your
buddy mm-hmm
what do you guys think about Jill's
condition well you haven't seen her yet
case what about you TIFF buy you a
Nadeem that's fine right
I don't know she's like not speaking
very well clearly okay she's just like
every few seconds who says one where and
that's pretty much it
she just looks like she's fucked up
right now yeah
Bobby baby she cooks like that's where I
come from how does it feel I don't know
like John's like that I'm telling you
nothing like how does it feel like what
do you really think are you like
conscious are you like let me yeah
you're conscious you just you feel
like would you wanted like that like
it's like a good feeling kiss
it's a if you can control your mind and
you feel stupid
oh you know what what you're saying
what do you think not really what I mean
what I think I mean it's your
life-partner very drastic change
what I think about her having boobies or
do that and also and then just the whole
thing like what's your what's your take
on the whole day for me it's just um I
guess I'm just trying to do my best to
take care of her I just I try my best to
take care of her but then I I try to
help her in the way that I deal with
pain and I deal with pain through
laughter so I like to fuck around a lot
but then every time I like fuck around
with her she like starts laughing and
then it hurts which is like don't make
me laugh yeah but then that's the only
way I know how to like deal with pain
and how people feel better so I don't
know she says she doesn't like laughing
but I don't believe her she's like yeah
don't make me laugh
I don't believe funny so she uh she she
took a picture of her wrap they just
you're a wrap yet hmm
yeah I was like this it's like this ace
bandage type of wrap and then she sent
that picture to Joe and David to update
them how she looks like
and then David writes back he looked
like a a wrap like a civil war hero
she's not allowed
oh yeah were you nervous at all today no
because she chose like probably like the
best breast augmentation specialist he
could find she did her research so did
you spend at the whole time she was
there you were there at the hospital -
no I was allowed to be there for the
whole time so I left and I was just
walking around forever Ito's adopt some
food I was hungry
then I went to Starbucks and then it was
over in like two hours I thought was
gonna be able to get some work done but
as soon as I sat down at Starbucks they
called me on point
it's nine o'clock now and I'm at the
office
Jill's out home resting doing really
good but I had to come to the office
because I still got to get Casey all
those childhood pictures and a lot of my
childhood pictures are at the office and
I don't want to laggy anymore because if
I lag then it's gonna push Casey's
workflow back and that's not what I want
and that my nose itches like crazy I
keep wondering like krinkle it or what's
the word I don't know but check this out
I found a picture of me when I was in
third grade at this private school I
went to and although I look cute as shit
over there I was a troublemaker because
the only reason why I'm at this private
school is because when I was in first
grade I already got kicked out of a
public school across the street and it
was just the easiest thing to just
transfer schools and it was a private
school so my parents could pay to get me
in so I think this documentary that's
gonna go on JK films is going to be very
very interesting it's gonna be very rich
with a lot of information I can't wait
to share with y'all but I got a dick
through this shoebox and I got this
great tub full of all kinds of old stuff
so I don't even though I'm gonna find in
there but uh I'm gonna dig through it
and then you guys you guys will see you
guys will see the finished product on JK
films
it's like a recording this recording I
turned a red off so let's go are you
ready to work out
