oh my goodness look at what this guy
looks like this morning he's in a little
hoodie look how cute he is
he has bare pockets what a good boy good
boy it's a vest it's super cute a little
cutie pie and you have a little fox toy
mama bought you all kinds of awesome
stuff Oh cooing that's baby talk ah look
how organized they are they have all the
camera setups for all the games that
we're gonna play today
so it's like a football strategy
whiteboard thing just pasta pass the
cats are gonna be over here cameras set
up over here this shit happens tables
set up like that cast camera mafia which
is gonna be crazy or playing with like
20 people today cuz that's gonna be our
end of your video snake oil and Google
top search trivia I don't really know
what these games are and I don't know
all about the games to tell the start of
the day because I guess it keeps me
fresh and I like fresh reactions but I
really like how organized they are and
the first game we're playing has
something to do with pasta I don't know
what we're playing do you know we're
playing what's his first game it's
called how many pasta sticks really
that's gonna hurt that's true one of the
differences that we added or changes
that we made the JK party's putting
these booms in so we have a ton of booms
that go across the top to get all the
audio before we're doing lobs which are
the ones that's like a little
I attached and although it's really
beefy sounding it sounds really great I
realize it made it sound too sterile
like you can't hear the ambient noise
like if someone's like playing cards and
they're going like this like you can't
hear this so it sounds too much like a
documentary it sounds serious
but we've been releasing videos with
those mics and it sounds great it sounds
really really good because you could
hear everything clearly you can hear all
the ambient noise and so I've been
really liking that change or JK party
and we also have backup mics - so we got
these back up my cycle on the camera in
case those go out that we don't have to
scrap the footage we still have mics for
backup let's see what these guys are up
in - what are you up to
change it from the whiteboard setup no
no we're just here we just got a nice
tangle that are some things that make
things look better oh thanks thanks yeah
so today's main today's main shoot I
think it's gonna be for Christmas doing
a lot of Christmas stuff for dinner end
of your Christmas video we've got this
nice little Christmas tree and Christmas
decorations did you guys know I've never
had a Christmas tree in my life it's
pretty sad but that's gonna change
cuz this year we're gonna go get a
Christmas tree for mister a little tyka
and it's gonna be cute that I'm gonna
have my first Christmas tree with tyka
what are you guys doing we are games
okay so right now Michael has to get as
many penny pulses on to this linguini as
fast as he can so he can pass it to me
can you I'm just oh wow you cannot use
your hands you can only use your Lele
alright so you got a pass that over as
partners mm-hmm Wow oh so it takes a lot
of teamwork okay so basically that's
what happens good question let's say the
pasta snaps the penne pod
the floor you make up oh so you gotta
start all over
oh yeah so it's a three-person relay
okay
the team with the most pasta at the end
wins if your pasta falls out of the
plate whatever is in the plate hey this
is our team me Josh and Julia
the other thing is that the if TIF is
over here working on her thing with a
player - or even doing our own Park
player one cannot start until player
three is done with there they say that
one more time player one cannot start
until player three has fingers what do
you mean by that
gotcha
so she got three pastas just to dump
those and then you start again bitch I
see so player ones always player one you
know middle always middle okay okay
I already got strategy what's your
strategy no you're not I'm not gonna I'm
on your team no you're not PG j GJ i'm
not gonna tell you anyways that's too
much information why are you trying to
change it or if i if i have the strategy
yes I could get more of them like this I
don't know you get out to watch the full
game on Jake your party to play what's
the next game we're gonna play so the
next game that we're playing is called
what's byte idiots win and it's this
game called googles autocorrect no Auto
cleaners what's going on this company
called idiots when they've made this
game out of what we all do every day
Google so you can write is it deadly and
then you see all these searches of oh if
I get bit by a snake
so they made a guessing game out of that
so that's what we're doing so that's how
you know when you're popular walk on
YouTube when I type Joe it goes Joe
Rogan and then it's gonna give you all
different options and you have to pick
what the top search for that sounds
pretty fun so we have to pretty much
guess like what's dominating the search
exactly what do people search the most
hops so if you're right like mom is it
mom porn or mom safety mom clothes
probably mom porn yeah you're a fucking
freak Josh brigade
I don't know it's lunch time I got my
meal this is a buffalo chicken with I
think he made um like homemade ranch
with Greek yogurt and dill I also hooked
up my laptop with a ton of bardos things
I think was pretty cool kind of reminds
me of like a skateboard that I had in
junior high race to put stickers all
over but the most important treat is I
was digging through snacks because I'm a
fantasising and I always look at all
these JK snacks like pop-tarts Ron
they're like oh this is so good and just
support shits and giggles I grabbed this
guy I was like mac and cheese thinking
that macarons and I have a ton of fat
but guess what okay the macros on this
guy only 3.5 grams of fat for this whole
thing for one package there's seven
grams protein pretty good huh
so up through this guy in here about to
eat them but I also fucked up because I
didn't follow the directions you're
supposed to pull water and the noodles
put it in and then you put the cheese
and went through everything in together
cuz I got too excited so I'm kind of
nervous to see how it's gonna turn out
and look at our fridge we also got oh my
god we got that corn dogs and sausage ha
what's the macros on this motherfucker
but this is horrible this is 14 grams of
fat and only six rounds of protein but
it looks delicious
and then we also got Elevens food we got
chicken melts and we also got chicken
pot pie oh but do you hear the sound of
the microwave yeah this is some fucking
luxury eating right here why does it
look all watery am I supposed to mix it
or is it even that pertinent I put in
for three minutes what does it say it
says three and a half oh we got a stir
it and let it set off do not sometimes
like melted cheese is kind of watery but
anyways this is gonna be my lunch and it
is so delicious this is so funny so jess
has a Christmas sweater and from a
glance it just looks very nice and
traditional but when you get close its
reindeers Bucky whoops where did you get
that sweater
what Amazon's a dirty place awesome
where did you get your sweater from Ted
that JK cool and you can you wash that
can you wash it was it fucking wire
battery that's time where's your
Christmas sweater mom oh yeah you got
the overall oh yeah she's gonna put it
on you freaking little bum thank you
what is what is that that mrs. Claus
Rael I like all the belts built into the
whole thing that's funny
all right we're about to shoot our end
of your mafia and this is the most
Christmas I have ever seen take a party
everyone is wearing a Christmas sweater
Christmas sweater Christmas clothes I
even see
who does oh cool let's don't wear what
does it say run oh that's dope that's
sick
we got Christmas lights Michael you're
gonna play in this mafia did you guys
know that we could do it in the parking
lot of them all fun just say it to each
other
how'd the proposed do you is that why
your bangs is in the middle of your
forehead like that Wow my day is almost
wrapped after JK party I was in here
with aunt but you had to go handle some
house stuff packin care packages so
these are going out to a bunch of
athletes all Barbra Brigade stuff all of
the rebirth collection which includes
like the Sara hoodie rebirth hoodie a
couple other things and it's going out
to people like Josh owner of rubble 8
Joe my best friend Eric from my TSA to
Ron Beckham just a bunch of different
people and some of you guys might be
like hey wait a second I thought you
guys were sold out how come you guys
have inventory that's because this is
our production slash marketing inventory
which means when we shoot products for
the website if famous people come into
town friends artists athletes and we're
just want to hook them up or if we want
to send out care packages we have a
separate complete inventory because we
thought it'd be messed up
like let's say for example Johnny Johnny
he is our barber get calm cuz he was on
the IGA
yo that hoodie is hella tight I want to
buy it and he puts that into a shopping
cart and then it ends up being sold out
there because what a lot of companies do
is they have the same inventory and so
when their buddies come in they just
reach for like a cubby hole right and
they'll just pull that large and then
they give that to the rock or whatever
and then you buy it and then now they
come back in the cubby holes empty and
then they're like oh guess you don't
have it so for us really that's kind of
messed up for people to have to compete
with the marketing needs so we have a
completely separate marketing inventory
and we keep track of that that is
accounted for and in our other warehouse
which you guys saw in another vlog that
is where we store all of the inventory
that goes to the website so they never
have to compete with each other and and
yeah they never have to compete with
each other and and that way marketing
can make their own decisions because a
lot of times like I've worked in
warehouses the other where everything's
combined like a lot of brands are don't
blank marketing has a great idea and
then they go into the inventory and
they're like wait but we actually don't
have the inventory to do it won't like
they're like we want to give it to a
bunch of students and they go and I'll
actually don't have a bunch of extra
smalls and xxx else what are we gonna do
so for us it's important to keep the
separate and I'm really tired but it's
really cool because half of the boxes
that been in here are the production
inventory and we've been able to quit
out a bunch of boxes so that all that is
just empty now we have a few little
stragglers here in there so it's
actually killing two birds with one
stone where we're sending athletes out
I'm gonna have them sending out care
packages to athletes while cleaning up
the office at the same time but my work
is done because my brain is so fried
from looking at all the spreadsheets and
I can finally finally go home I think
I'm the last one had this office
I think I am hello yeah no one's no
one's here I'm the only one I could
barely barely speak oh cool look at that
so that part of the office is almost
done they're putting in a tropical
wallpaper and that's kind of the theme
of office where the front is a little
forced back use and be tropical like
collides y'all love how Hawaii and that
the whole theme of this interior design
if you don't know it's we wanted to make
work like vacation like the place would
be love to go like Big Bear and Hawaii
so we're like why not make bring that
through the office so we feel like with
it all the time that's work is really
fun that Jake Kane embargo and all the
stuff that we do so yeah I'm just
locking up now hello anybody here nope
no one's here
not no one's at Michael's room really
yep hello
damn I am literally the only one left
all right well I guess I'll see you guys
at home from the lockup
type in the colon go home so I just got
home one of my meals and what's even man
there is I drink it with vanilla ice
cream a real real man then I'm gonna
beat my wife after I believe a real man
she knows what a real man is real men do
not I mean the reason why I could do
this so I'm not even cheating right now
it's because I still have some calories
that and because I've been working all
day I didn't get to eat anything so I
have my two protein shakes my little
chicken mac and cheese then I'm gonna
eat my shrimp fried rice over there and
I get these guys so Adam still under my
91 counties so hold that what huh
what's that take a fight back or say you
could beat me with it
Oh for me to fight back cuz if she said
what women are supposed to fight back
isn't this looks delicious don't say
dumb shit please stop it what they're so
dumb about root beer flows is delicious
yeah it's pretty good
oh yeah so I'm gonna drink this eat my
meal B Carolina family beat my wife had
a real man and that's the end of the day
so I'll see you guys tomorrow
