what a gloomy day today it's so crazy
the weather has been so nuts these days
just two days ago it was super hot it
was like a hundred and four degrees and
then 108 degrees and now all of us sided
it's like super gloomy look at this it's
all cloudy and gray feels like I'm in
London but at least it's not hot so I
ain't complaining because I don't like
it when it's hot still tired still
yawning oh nice how nice of you guys to
shit all over the floor again very nice
of you guys
breaky cutie pot braggy you bring it
cutie pie very cute you're so cute
yeah yeah I want to kill you kill you
kill these bitches I want to kill you
motherfucker
Wow it's like a recording this recording
I turned the red off so we got him
hey babe I got him and he thought I
didn't I wasn't recording cuz I turned
the red off yeah I may try to turn the
red off the camera so it doesn't give it
away because he wasn't gonna expect it
this earlier the morning you know what I
think is super sexy about mama bear she
knows how to drive stick
how did you learn how to drive stick my
back that was the first day at my mom 20
had itself my mom taught me how to drive
for one and she gonna me drive manual I
mean I she didn't let me drive automatic
she said I had to learn manual first
it's uh she's like what
good as a person if they can if they
can't like what about it what about if
there's like an emergency or something
and the person only has to take what do
you do that remember I hated her for
having me like having me learn that
first I'm like Lori teach me this why do
you hate me and then now I'm like thanks
Wow look at that turn
you're six
and now you get to drive all the fun
cards I know well now all the cars are
going into battleship I know
doesn't even matter if I want a nervous
thing Howell shipping is faster but then
loses that feeling of manual I drove the
Ferrari I was paddle shift I was like oh
this is fine it felt like I was just
playing a video of you there's more
disconnect with the car huh yeah it
really felt like it they can joystick
for video game yeah without an actual
clutch you don't feel really really
connected to the feels like you're like
literally pulling putting it into its
gear like you can literally feel it
getting all up in there
it's an elbow grease wait that right
there elbow
morning
yeah Marnie are you working on stuff
yeah I turn the red off that could be a
intrude oh yeah yep yeah it's recording
I scared him this morning oh it was in
the shower and I was just like waiting
there uh-huh
and I was waiting for him to come
tension and he got scared we should just
keep scurrying
I know
you scam right now one of our members
complained that we don't handicap
machines Zulu started to help this guy
and what you do I was like he's just
like yeah the only thing because they
love the gym but we don't like is that
there's no calf machine yeah and I was
like oh like that's the problem I'm like
everybody wants to find the easy way out
and the machines are so easy and nobody
wants to like do the hard work I'm like
you have everything you need right here
he was like it was just like it was like
I really did this I was like you know I
don't know and fresh kicks by the way
yeah fuck bigger your cows I think
through at least 18 yeah hmm fucking big
as fuck nanny or not how come you can't
get your pics that big look at those
teaches in the gym I told him to do
standing calf raises with the bar go
damn
Oh Mike James got some big legs though
hugely
all that snow
how many sets is important to look
pretty fast joints feel like they're
gonna rip apart that's not good
I thought really really heavy really
heavy
no I think it's the caffeine with all my
body cake really a key
like when I'm in the hole I feel like my
joints gonna rip apart
two plates not happy to
so everything feels really heavy today
and I kind of feel like it might be the
caffeine withdrawal because
my body feels achy like Oh about to be
sick I have the flu
but there's no reason for anybody to be
a key and then my nutsacks kind of hurt
again building its pulsating I don't
know what's going on and
is we alternatively taken out caffeine
because I've been knocking out like
randomly went
two-hour naps and that is behavior for
me so I think it's the caffeine
withdrawal my body feel really in the
hole I feel like all of my ligaments and
tendons about to rip apart so we
through the workout good thing today's
only 65% so it's gonna be pretty light
was practically light I don't have an
effort touch 295 which I have right now
three plays until at four plates but 295
suck it the fuck up
finish the workout save you a little
bored yeah
good there you go
I love you
superlight
he says he knows what I did it feels
good I don't like this
something fishy going on over there I
don't know about that guy
really happy still it still feels like
all my joints are about the possum right
what I do possible to agree 15 it feels
lighter than that yeah when I do class
water with 315 it feels lighter
my body's falling apart
so now it's time to quit bitching quit
moaning yeah my body is wherever the
fuck
put a smile on my face fucking kill it
sweat get my fucking appetite going
unleash the beast
from within bitch and move that
motherfucker
wait and I'm gonna fucking kill it and
I'm gonna fucking slave
laughter myself was gonna be a
we're so strong all right I wish
dog
that's long
some bad girls yeah what is very-- soda
actually like so you're gonna start
doing more ability from that one loser
post-workout meal at Nick's cafe and we
got some lean egg whites I got six of
them ham steak which is also lean what
did you get same thing and we out here
in this tropical beach just kidding
there's palm trees but it's actually a
city landscape out here we're right
outside of downtown LA outside of
Chinatown but the palm trees make me
feel so relaxed and I can hear the wind
blowing through them and it makes me
feel like I'm at the beach but then I
look to the side it's a bunch of girls
still relaxing the yummy boom dressed
and ready to go I got the fishy shirt
that Giovanni from Target this bad boy
is only 15 bucks but it looks fly and
then I got some blue chambray shorts on
and then I got some leather shoes on got
my watch on so I look crispy with my
hair and then today we're filming ask
the feels so I need a couple other
wardrobes to change into so we can vary
up the Wardrobe I got a light blue shirt
chambray got a flannel plaid shirt and
then I got a barbell Brigade t-shirt on
and not to mention some high quality
hangers to make the clothes pop and the
reason why I like to vary up my wardrobe
is so it can give it different feels and
give a different type of color palette
on the screen so what you don't know or
a lot of people don't know is that when
you're filming it's actually well I
guess in the name but it's called a
motion picture so it's literally a
picture in motion so pictures are made
out of different colors and you can
think of it as a painting so as a canvas
depending on what clothes you wear
you're painting the picture with
different colors and different feelings
so because of that I like to vary up the
type of clothes that I paint with so
that the picture always looks different
and Jill's gonna bring her paints and
we're gonna be painting
the composition together and I know that
sounds philosophical as fuck but that is
just a more poetic way of saying we want
it to look different so I just came out
of Botha and I'm trying to set up
automatic payment for the Porsche and
I've had it for a few months now but
there has been a couple of months where
they gave me a late payment notice and
it's not even my fault I keep telling
them yo the address on file I know
what's going on but I'm not receiving
these bills well I keep having to go
online and keep checking to see if the
bill got issued I keep paying it online
but sometimes I skip a month or
sometimes I'll combine two months
together and I'm like yo you guys
already ran a credit report on me when I
bought the car you guys know I got
credit and I'm in a sound enough
financial situation to pay for this
please just work with me so now I'm
trying to set up automatic payment but
the problem of port so Porsche their
service is good the cars are good the
legacy has got left everything about
Porsche but Porsche Financial Services I
think the main demographic is like 40 to
50 year old wealthy type of people that
still use fax machines and aren't
completely caught up to date on modern
technology because they want me to give
them a voided check and I'm like yo I
can't remember the last time I had a
voided check it was probably like 2 or 3
years ago the last time I had a
checkbook so what else can I do so they
told me to go to my bank and get a
letterhead with a routing number on it I
went to buffer right now they told me
they can't do that but what they can do
is on a piece of both of paper write
down my routing number so I'm gonna send
that in and hopefully that will qualify
me for automatic payment because I hate
being delinquent on payments and I want
to pay everything on time
and Porsche you know I can make the
payments I got a broke motherfucker I
ain't spending above my means I ain't
spending above my means you already ran
the credit report you know I qualified
just trust a brother you know I mean
like trust me I'm gonna get the payments
to you I'm trying to work with you but
please if you can you can also modernize
your system and quit trying to accept
voided checks ain't nobody got no voided
checks everyone does she digitally now
you should be setting stuff up with both
my chase all the different banks so we
can directly just paid you guys through
our bank account and on to do all this
runaround bullshit because now you're
gonna put me back 50 I'm not late
because I like to be early but I got a
shoot ask the fields in about 30 minutes
but this is 15 minutes of time I could
have saved doing something else y'all
know what time it is y'all see the
pillow y'all see the blanket I got to
the office a little bit early and since
I am still off caffeine 100% I'm gonna
take a little nap I got about a good 15
minutes to knock this out before we
start filming how did you go bit your
tongue oh she is a blister Oh
oh sure yeah I see it it's like a canker
sore I know I bit it and usually when I
bite it it punctures and it just bleeds
and it just whatever right yeah but this
one it just turned into a fucking blood
blister I have one of those too it's
like right inside of my mouth right now
yeah
did you fight it let's go could you see
it what listen three days ago can you
see is there something worried there oh
that's a canker sore oh yeah I bet I bet
it like three days ago and then every
time I eat something I limey it burns
this was filled with blood oh no dude it
look crazier like a big bubble what oh
yeah it's gone now
everyone's doing different things right
before aster feels geo is writing a very
important email on Instagram Tommy's
getting the cameras ready you're not
doing jack shit either
Geoff is eating a peanut butter sandwich
Wow
peanut butter only you're not gonna put
jelly in there why it's but you need the
Tang eNOS to cut through the peanut
butter because the peanut butter is very
fatty and buttery you need the balance
yeah so you have that much peanut butter
which I can see that you don't
you gotta put out least like six
tablespoons and then put two tablespoons
of jelly and Julia's already eaten
goldfishes your hair always looks like
you just blow-dried it really did you it
always looks fluffy thank you so this
Tommy's here if you guys have kids your
kids are the fluffiest hair people in
the world I wish Tommy would grow his
hair to be like the mane
oh yes I know when I was in high school
my hair used to be able to hear Tommy
says very fluffy look I would love to
see it all fluffy there's so much
maintenance I took so much time like do
my hair in high schools like taking care
of long hair
blow dry in the morning and they keep it
up and keep it leg-oh ask the feels
what's Giovanni is shoe truck oh yeah
Oh someone's coming up with the
itinerary is it a relaxed itinerary or
is it a crazy choice pretty chill yeah
jovial of Giovanni's so someone is
coming up with the itinerary for Hawaii
trip did you publicize it or do evil is
it so yeah from Hawaii trip
fukijamas is practicing cotton against
the mirror was making us coffee
that's always been tonight every week at
the beach but no it's coffee bean made
so now we're on a dinner break
and I have a sad marvelous meal and it
originally was beets date with rice but
I modified it with Chinese broccoli
because I'm trying to come late so cart
full of water
my phone would get the wife's out of
here chocolate some Chinese broccoli
stir-fry it and that's my dish and
usually if you're a restaurant you know
some specific diet you can always alter
whatever they have on the menu and
they'll be flexible and work with you
and you can make it and adjust it to
whatever tie whether you do it paleo and
you know macro whatever so that's what I
did that's my meal I got some chicken
broccoli
Jill supporting me in my carb list
pursuit with spicy beef salad everyone
else is just getting normal delicious
stuff with a lot of yummy carbs
especially with that
ah so Julia told us that we got 20
minutes before we film so you know what
time it is nap time
any time you see me in the merch room
with a pillow and a blanket you know is
nap time so I'm gonna take advantage of
these 20 minutes cuz I'm tired of shit
and then I gotta give you guys my all on
all these videos so any time I can catch
up on I'm tired as hell we just finished
shooting a whole day's worth of ass the
feels it's 10 o'clock right now and as
you can see there's no one in this
parking lot but me so it's time to go
home rest and do some hashtag Netflix
and chill and no not have sex with Gio
but some real hashtag Netflix and chill
cuz tomorrow we got a full day's worth
of just kidding news and that's from the
that's from 10:00 a.m. in the morning
all the way until 10:00 p.m. tomorrow
night so I got a rest my brain so I can
have a good discussion tomorrow but we
had a great day of shooting I was able
to get to power naps in and I think
that's how I was able to carry my high
energy all the through the entire shoot
without drinking a single drop of
caffeine I'm proud of myself I'm cutting
caffeine out cold turkey and I think I'm
doing a pretty good job so far so that's
it I'm gonna go home see my mama bear
and then chill and go to sleep
I am aji look at this it's like a booty
shaker like at work it's like a person
bent over
oh man look at that yellow booty I know
