good morning everyone and today is a
bright new day another day to seize the
opportunity to accomplish what you want
in life and yes I am in the office all
by myself because today is a all meeting
day for me so my first meeting I have is
with Joe and Michael to go over all the
just kidding films operational and
administrative stuff then David and
Aaron joins us to go over all the go for
broke operational stuff then at night I
have to meet up with Gio and Aaron to go
over all the barbell Brigade operational
and administrative stuff and because I
have so much stuff going on today I
wanted to get a head start come to the
office early so I can sort through my
thoughts figure out what I want to
present what perspective or new
initiatives do I have and go through all
my emails and knock all of that out so I
can approach every single morning with a
clear head and this is a new approach
that I started taking probably just only
a year ago before it would be like I
would kind of plan out some of the stuff
that I would do the night before and as
soon as I wake up I'm in a huge rush and
I go meeting a meeting in the meeting to
filming to do whatever I have to do
every commitment but now I realize I am
so much more productive when I'm
approaching everything not in a rush but
with a clear mind so if I can just take
the extra hour to to wake up a little
bit earlier and kind of gather my
thoughts then I approach every single
meeting with a blank slate and I'm able
to make much more sound and less
emotional decisions because I've already
thought about it and I've already been
briefed about it so I highly suggest all
of you guys this is something that you
guys can incorporate into your daily
lives right now I wish I was doing this
back in school like back when I used to
go to school I would just rush from
every class to every period to every
class and I would always be late and by
the time that the teacher is about to
start the class I'm barely opening my
books I'm kind of like I'm rushing to
figure out what page were on them what
page will be on I'm trying to figure
everything out and you decrease your
learning curve that way if I can show up
if I were to just showed up and not
fucked around in the hallway like maybe
five ten minutes early I could already
be on the same page as a teacher as the
teacher what are we going to go over
today
we're going to go over chapter four I
just kind of skimmed through it so I
already have some sort of framework in
which to digest and absorb that
information and that's what I'm doing
today is creating that framework so that
I can have a better structure
infrastructure in my brain in order to
perceive information and to also
communicate that who's that Oh
Michael hey you got one two why do you
look like you just did something shady
like you bein some hookers I never been
hooker is no cuz you walked in you know
oh shit did someone catch me bang the
hookers no I never been hookers that's
all i'ma stay for it really yeah then
how come every time we go on vacation
you always like sneak off somewhere to
go bang hookers I have noticed once too
that at all
so for those of you guys that don't know
Michael is pretty much like the CEO of
just kidding films he runs all the
management he's in charge of just
kidding news he handles all
administrative stuff and he is just he
can make just of an executive decision
as me and Joe but he loves to bang
hookers like all executives should it's
not true that's not true that one of
Michael's hookers oh no this is Nadine
so it is weekly tradition every Tuesday
before we have our business meeting we
started off properly with sushi because
you know you can't talk about business
we've got eating sushi first what did
you get y'all that's the funny you can't
you can't talk about
I got it just regularly
and tikka or tuna oh we got more good
stuff Oh a halibut
scallop mackerel oh yeah Mon zu Oh what
did I get
well I got so usually I get the clam
miso soup which is bong if you guys like
miso soup add clams to it and it's next
level but they ran out of climbing so
soup today so I got the fish miso soup
and there's little fishies in here I'm
going to try that for the first time and
we always eat at Tai Hey so make sure
you come check this place out at random
on our part area because it's a very
small traditional mom-and-pop Japanese
place but the quality is good and it's
without all the hype of like a modern
fusion stuff it's just the could old
fashioned additional stuff time to eat
another yeah Oh what's looking off yeah
sup David welcome to the meeting oh you
wore sunglasses today no hi that's right
lady do you always wear sunglasses when
I Drive always already and now I do it
was
doctor says you'll be raised
are you guys having a haircut contest oh
I plan to get your hair cut tomorrow my
loop what about you Michael were you
gonna get hair cut no color you want to
you know that that's so funny cuz in my
vlogs everyone said that's that running
joke you're like he's not wearing a
collar today no I do you wanna you want
to go to my barber what screenshot right
here I saw this screenshot of you here
and it says is it just me or does
Michael wear the same shirt in every
single time he's in a JK video slash
blog isn't he just funny so many among
blue shirts
imma show you this photo of a picture of
a fruit that grew in our garden okay and
I want you to tell me what the fuck this
shit looks like all right what the hell
your dad sent you the picture this so
your dad was like OMG look at this is
like a booty shaker these are like a
twerking it's like a person bent over
oh man look at that yellow booty what is
that I know I don't what about peaches
up videos well that was one of our
parents in our backyard we have pears
yeah we have pears a pear tree in our
back that's a pear doesn't look like a
pair of those mutated ones like a mutase
you know what it looks like to me it
looks like um bird of paradise you know
that flower or the bird of paradise look
maybe it looks like a mutated bird of
paradise that should look like a booty
cheek and a juicy pussy huh did you show
her mom hug this is crazy dude
alright going back to uh what we're
discussing alright so in the middle of
our go for broke meeting we were talking
about the different types of ways we
like to relax and one of our favorite is
going to the ginger bomb gym jabong is a
Korean spa it's a traditional Korean
spots the way they do it in Korea and
also even in Japan
and you got to be butt-naked and it's
really relaxing you know to like be able
to enjoy a bath house with a bunch of
other dudes that sounds kind of funny
but it's really relaxing to be
butt-naked and going to sauna and
everyone's cleaner supposed to take a
shower before you enter the bathtub the
hot tub the cold tub or the Sun or the
steam room and the weird part is when
you run into fans there and when I'm at
a restaurant and I run into fans that's
already kind of awkward because I'll be
having dinner with my mom and out of the
corner of my eye I see like a whole
table of dudes going like just all
staring at me and I'm like dude I'm just
trying to have dinner with my mom and
you can see them like all smiling and
whispering and it's really awkward
because it's like people watching you
right but at a digital bond it's even
weirder because now you have the same
dudes that are like staring at you
except now you're butt-naked and their
butt-naked I don't even know if they
remember their butt-naked so I'm just
like dude this is really weird at one
time did you even came up to me and he
was like yo can I get a picture which
I'm a biggest fan and and the back of my
mind is like of course but I'm like dude
we're butt-naked can you wait until I
put my clothes on please
and so that's funny there's there's
times when we run into some of these
really really awkward situations because
I think people they get so excited they
don't even know how to act so I got to
ask am i yo and you just wait I'm gonna
put clothes on and then we'll go outside
a locker room because there's four other
butt-naked guys behind me and I don't
think they want to be caught on camera
so that was just a funny discussion that
I wanted to share with y'all that we
were discussing about in a go-for-broke
me yes we got work done but we also have
fun and we like to kick it and chat
that's one of the perks of working with
your friends you get to work a little
bit play a little bit and have fun a
little bit while sharing the stories
with y'all
hey fun in my bag where's everyone or
they're working over that didn't give me
a big kiss
hey Ricky Ricky you little tired oh hey
everybody uh you guys doing nothing how
to edit Saints nothing John yeah I
didn't even start on it yet did you
finish your second gallon just finish
your first gallon I mean I can just do
like - yawns and then just stop actually
because I would like what are you
through today Oh a shoe I'm like super
close okay how are you most you in 186
so I just got home
we're probably going to have our barbell
Brigade meeting very soon half of the
people already here already good thing
today isn't as hot as yesterday
yesterday was super hot which is why I
came home and I was like oh no the
windows are closed but being but thing
but then I noticed that we also have a
million fan going on in here
because how hot it is we got one fan
we've got two fans three fans four five
fans and we got funny mommy big cutie
pie we got smiley brig over okay she
gets all happy to on her name her tail
is wagging pretty cutie pie
and the reason being is long story short
I fee from like six months ago to now
the gym has been been fooled with gym
duties and like apparel duties and for
us when we all started with like churro
Lu the D we sucked at apparel duty so
our focus completely shifted to apparel
and then our gym duties went down so
Gimbels can clean all these little
things but now it's kind of switched
because everyone else is just in general
needs and then you guys they don't have
the pearl so Carlos stuff has been
getting backed up so now you just
decided Trail would just be doing
apparel which means like there might be
room for less error and it's just one
person handling it
trilby response
yeah but that being said does that mean
trails gonna have most of the morning
shifts or just every time he comes into
work he has his own hours okay okay
and what about Alex if Alex comes back
in he's not gonna have to worry about
the peril okay I think that the main
point of that is because if we're gonna
be a Leonard origin it has to be like no
doubt like dude it's far over
what we're doing apparel and stuff it's
always like hey how's it going like we
have like a barrel on our hands like all
of you like just wait a second let me
just see this for you so I just want our
thumbs up ready to you like attend to
whoever's coming that's true that's Sara
he's our gym manager at Bob abrogate Los
Angeles Gibbons Street nine zero zero
three one that's churro he's in charge
of apparel orders from now on so if your
shit gets fucked up you know where to go
after better not fuck shit up true and
just for the
if you sell something you have to write
it down
meeting indexing I think a few things to
think about like since we're trying to
up Barla gym staff to quality
just kind of listen to what people are
asking for I know
people always ask for hail what's the
Wi-Fi password and I think like if
origin
we value that everyone calls it a pool
they might forget about our jets maybe
like figure out a way where members can
stay like free Wi-Fi and that's like
free marketing
that's a good idea have you looked into
it that's cool with me is it cool with
you I think it's a small price to pay
like say let's say for example we have
AT&T DSL right now let's just get two
lines and then one line will be secure
for us so that none of the information
gets lost and then we'll have a guest
line for the gym people and it could
just be like the password is barbell
brigade or some point that suggestion
like this one if you you just say like
hey like however you just presented it
perfect and then you can follow it up
hey you know I already looked at
like cool cool cool and then that way
your you don't feel so restricted to
like wait for us for every let's go
who's that guy guys really ugly that guy
right there
all right just left artist he sat back
down right here what the guy that's
talking right up
they go to sleep
now we got fine over here don't forget
about fun where are we at now we are at
our beloved Honda yaaah our go-to macros
Villiers how do we always end up here uh
so I think what happens is every one of
our everyone in our friend soccer circle
issue what's a fun sucker expensive
everyone in our friend circle is
tracking tracking let's try to clean is
tracking macros and this has a bunch of
variety to fill everyone's macro so for
example I have super super low fat
that's the place super low fat and super
low carbs but then someone like Brandon
has super high fat super high cards so
where do we eat we're fucked
so this is the happy happy meeting I
like your little pussy here at the top
don't don't move move around my way no
no they can't see anything
those are CUNY the Big Canyon Harris
guess he's getting puffing tonight whoo
who's getting today I love getting tired
in this so gay dudes
what are you telling about me what it's
nasty like what that's okay dude can you
talk about I don't know what she's
talking about she's always talking about
weird stuff oh my god whoo why yeah why
what's wrong with that girl
she's pretty nasty huh yeah
move your neck like that
remove it like a giraffe mover at dude
aren't these ideals to the same dance
that I love that bit I can't do it
I'm trying something new today I usually
always get the beef udon or the shoyu
ramen and then with the beef ponzu on
the side but I've been staring out the
Navy Yard on on the menu for like the
past I don't know how long like five
months it always looks so delicious and
since today my fats are low I could
afford the shrimp sinful look at this
thing there's all kinds of stuff in here
there's chopped green onions or spinach
there's an egg right there there's a
freaking fish cake and tempura and
spinach oh man and it's like in this hot
stone pot god damn look at this juicy
ass beef ponzu steak with a ponzu
dipping sauce look at this bad boy look
at all this blow
damn look at it sizzle Wow what did you
get babe my god dude
and it's just New York steak and then
ponzu sauce that is is even a basic and
even basic or is sashimi tuna yellow
tell them and Maddie you next on horn
fuckers in their white rice
garlic spinach that's potato salad I
don't know what's in there is it I don't
know what it is
Nadeem copied you
oh yeah oh you're copying the name
you're so fun always write what you know
that's funny that sounds exactly like
something I would say
yeah I'm great oh we got vegetable soup
garlic spinach for that fiber for that
smooth morning toilet session smooth
moves my novel yaki udon plan backfired
so because it's in a stone pot it
doesn't ever get cold this futon is hot
as shit right now
I'm really hungry but I got to eat it
like little by little because it stays
so fucking hot
Oh God hey fuck that
that's what I get for being fancy
oh my god
your eye look rough like a bubble I know
it's crazy that my rubber toe mine cuz
it feels
