what's up y'all today I got a feat to
accomplish today and not feet as in heat
but as in feet fe80 because I got a
drink
both of these gallons of water by today
and it's because I have to water
manipulate my weight now cuz I woke up
at 186 this morning which means I'm on
track but my weigh ins is 181 for the
pound lifting me so I got to cut 5
pounds and I'm trying to stay out the
sauna as much as I can because from my
experience my going to sauna and I sweat
it all out it's really really hard for
me to sleep well at night and sleep is
the biggest contributor to my strength
I'd rather have a full night's rest and
not eat any meals then to be completely
full and not have slept at all
so because sleep is so important to me I
stay at the sauna and I got a drink both
of those gallons by the end of today and
also I gotta repeat the same thing
tomorrow and on Wednesday and then on
Thursday I cut out all water and what
that happens is it hyper loads or hyper
hydrates my body to the point where for
the first two or three days my body is
like oh shit Berkshire you gonna Ganga
water start peeing star P star P star P
so it starts making me pee as if I have
a I'm gonna get a forever infinite
amount of water and then on Thursday
when I cut water out its gonna still
keep pain and then that's how I'm going
to lose all my water weight not this you
should only do this under the
supervision of a professional and I have
a buddy who is a elite power lifter who
cuts weight like 10 to 12 pounds every
single meet even he's small - he's a 148
err so I'm doing it under his
supervision so imma keep contact with
them every day to let me know how much
sodium to take and all that good stuff
so you can do this safe because if you
do it wrong you can get extreme cramps
you can get organ failures or you can be
in other big health troubles
holy crap look at all these damn wires
how many of you guys also have like this
insane Medusa wire mess next to your bed
so I got all kinds of chargers I got
charger for my gimbal handle my GoPro
charger and then I have my laptop
charger and then I got my iPhone charger
I got this other charger for something
and then I got this charger no that's
not charger that's for my AC and then I
have I'll have my laptop underneath the
bed oh yeah and I got another charger
all day over here this is for my other
camera for my other other camera how
many of guys go through the same crap in
this digital age I don't know why they
still even make sockets like this where
there's only two when the modern person
got at least like ten devices the houses
need a step up there socket game because
I need to organize this this looks
heinous
do you have confidence in me to finish
the two gallons of water by the end of
the day at the end of the day I don't
have a my tongue got stuck um deaf
confidence in you will finish to you
yeah you're a pretty determined person
and there's a bigger goal in mind um
like low tech thing we are even looking
at a mirror No
don't you want to do it over here as a
mirror over here
oh you don't damn um seems like you do
though oh are those those new ones no
you know there are those new ones oh I
should yeah take him out
hey you finally get it so geo got these
new contacts forget your water loading
no no this is important so geo she has
dry eyes right so she's always getting
like really dry eyes at the end of the
day and it gets really really yeah and
it gets really irritated and it
scratches record yeah and up until this
point the only remedy she had are these
like fit cast lubricant eyedrops that
she always has to get prescriptions for
so it's kind of a pain in the butt but
yesterday we went to the optometrist and
they got this new technology where it's
this what are those like daily
disposable or something so these are
these daily disposable lubricating
coating contacts that you put in your
eye and the doctor was saying the reason
why contacts dry if your eyes are
already dry the reason why the contacts
dry it out even more is because the
contacts require to be wet in order to
be soft so it pulls moisture off your
eyeball and if you have dry eyeballs
like geo and it's not always the case
there's a lot of factors but this is one
of the fact that she's thinking of this
is one of the factors so she got these
new prescription no the fact
meaning that I'm not drinking of water
oh yeah I'm bringing it back to full
circle Julis is drinking enough water so
our eyeballs are dry but her vagina is
always wet so so the water is going the
right places
who needs eyes but now she has the
disposable ones and uh she was nice
enough to give Gio a three-day trial
yeah she's awesome and I hope that this
helps Baby Bells eyes feel better
because if it feels better Jill's gonna
get a whole year order of them and it
comes with these lubricating eyedrops so
doesn't pull moisture off her eyeball I
know it doesn't come with eyedrops I'm
in the lubricating coating yeah so did
you guys get the point something like
that science but do you think I could
finish the two gallons of water yeah
like I was saying there's a bigger goal
in mind very well being you want to
compete and it's not because you want to
compete for yourself you're trying to
compete for barbell and you're trying to
compete with the whole crew which is
like I feel like it's gonna be like 30
people about like 30 of us um and
because you want to be there it's
experience that moment then I feel like
you're gonna do it but it was if it was
just for you know I still feel like
you're gonna do it once you set your
mind to do something you're pretty good
about doing it so I don't doubt you
those are a lot of nice words for a
morning time I mean shut up
usually mama bear is very grumpy to me
and she talks all kinds of shit in the
morning but this morning she woke up
under you woke up on the right side of
the bed no I thought it was gonna be
cutie from now on so my goal is to
finish the whole gallon by the end of
the gym and I feel like I can do that
and that means I would have finished a
whole gallon by 11 o'clock a.m. and then
have the rest of the day to finish off
the rest of it that's the best strategy
though because that's when you're going
to be the most hard and creative most
water yeah see when you're sitting
not really that's true just got into the
gym good morning
listen what you guys doing right now
we're getting all this guys ready for
all the happy customers oh wow this
these items so we're trying to do our
fast as we can to get them out for them
so that's what we're doing you know how
much did you steal while you're doing
this couple stuff you know you see this
teeth
yeah it looks kind of new a little bit
too new right sure so that's what I got
you know see that's the problem Mexicans
are the hardest working but they also
steal your stuff so oh no it's kind of
dangerous it's so you're not guys things
out right yeah how are you so are you
gonna drink two gallons do I have to
before oh that's smart I got a freeze
mind you taught me this I did yeah I
have a little left run it over and the
heist was like on the side layer like it
felt like
Oh smart science I got a freeze man I
forgot I am halfway done right now how
people started the gym session yet but
hopefully I knock out the other half by
the time I'm done working out then I'll
be in really really good shape and I
just got to sip on the last gallon until
nighttime let's go let's go
how did that feel how did that feel I'm
alright I'm not used to the car
what kind of bar is this Texas squall
card is heavier the regular barn is so
just go get weird and try not to drink
caffeine outside feel sluggish that's
how you feel like that I go baby that
just woke up
I'm pretty good you like into caffeine
as well first occurs we cap
the water loading the water loading
you're supposed to pump your body within
as much water enough to flush about
caffeine or a jump
my questioning outside hoplite happy
and actually felt pretty good right now
today I'm always supposed to work up to
a couple of 75 percent singles on all
the lifts
so I'm pretty good even though it's
lightweight to see the full workout
though go on the barbell Brigade Channel
but it will eventually be the barber
again channel go check it out see the
full workout there
we got mama bear power over here I was
slow
what happened now is slow
because the first one was fast then it
again you ripped it well you got one
more right okay I'm just trying to do
what because I'm trying to
ever
trying to make sure I'm like
as you rip the first one you rip the
first one they got one more right yeah
how did that feel I'm not really good
the first one I heard
the son
on everything
and launched off way better
all right so I called Joelle and I said
that shit was slow and Jill don't like
to be called out so now she's about to
rip 2:35 in my face or na or yeah or
maybe
nope still not as fast as the first one
the first one was fast
yeah what did you join the first would
you memorize that form the first one was
fast but it was fast I didn't even hold
up
don't matter shows possible
that's a second what I purposely
but I'm like that I get excited whoo
done
ah
well good that's my last rep of the day
and currently I'm down to this much
water so I just got to finish that
before I leave and time to go home I
shower eat some lunch after that
disaster better said that better better
better better the veteran respect I
picked up and we're saying baby baby
baby baby baby baby how's your workout
it was he was good but I can't
I feel wrong calling it a workout it
felt like a warm-up it was a warm-up
warm-up was great how was your warmup
my warmup was I was actually pretty
tiring because of the no caffeine it was
but like you were mentioning in your
workout fog which you guys should check
out he posts every week but don't go
away from this video open up the car
that working yellow pepper new time save
it stay on this video cuz I don't know
what the hell's gonna go on the rest
today and the days are always fun and
excited so stay here but open up another
tab you should see what we do later on
in the day it's so stupid but anyway the
rabbit rabbit rabbit
yeah so yeah so I didn't have caffeine I
also felt like shit the way you did but
it was I was trying to train myself in
really fucked up conditions because at a
meet I I can't create my perfect
condition what did you put my pepper
spray erisa no I just
the lack of the lack of caffeine was a
huge one for me cuz just putting on my
nice leaves which are fucking feet in
itself to tire yourself out yeah I was
already like dude I can't even put these
on I was gonna walk outside and just
fucking throw them because I was already
frustrated because I had no strength to
pull them um damn but I mean I did it I
put it up I'm happy a lot of people that
don't live might be like come on Gio
you're being exaggerated but these
motherfuckers are crazy like I burnt the
skin off my knuckles trying to pull up
my knee sleeves cuz um I rubbed it
against my sock and my entire skin off
my knuckles was gone
that's how tight those things are Wow
Wow
where we going right now McDonald baby
all right
again I know you guys see me eating
McDonald's all the time oh that's on
Jill gets McDonald's all the time I
still talk shit I just know what a
gossip the only thing I get it also are
distinct grilled chicken sandwich
because it's very macro friendly it's
super low on fats
super high in protein the carbs are
still pretty high I don't like that
about it but I get it with no
vinaigrette no sauce nothing so I could
I could go to chick-fil-a and get the
exact same thing that is not McDonald at
all no chick-fil-a doesn't even have
grilled chicken they only got fried
chicken
they have grouchy are you kidding me
mentiroso yeah so that's the only thing
I eat from McDonald's and they're
unsweetened iced tea cuz their sweet
iced tea is fucking diabetes in the cup
Oh Tiffany's behind us cool oh where is
she
oh there she is you see her mentiroso
all right that's we missed it I know you
hi can I have a second second please Oh
what - give me a second Oh
no was it Danny loves chicken nuggets
what you can make it are this no how
many times have I eaten chicken nuggets
every time you order it none but uh
every day I'm dreaming that your
tastebuds are gonna become more
high-quality look at those golden
perfected nuggets
it's okay I'm gonna have three grilled
artisan chicken packages yeah okay
and an unsweetened iced tea or outfitted
large yeah
the chicken sandwich is going to have no
sauce or vinaigrette I'm offering yeah
okay
and that'll be oh I think next window is
going to be 1806
thank you dear uncle
that's evidence that geo does eat and
enjoy
McDonald's well you don't need evidence
there's a lot of videos of showing that
mm-hmm all right I'm almost done with
the first one this is just about to be
half-time so I'm going to celebrate this
first gallon with you guys ready go the
bottom end gets really really difficult
the first is like whoo-whoo
you know this reminds me up and bootcamp
to make sure everybody is well hydrated
for the next day no one passes out right
before we go to sleep all Marines we
stand up in a line next to our racks
which is our beds and we have I think
about 30 seconds to down an entire liter
of water and a leader is about me see
this a leader a leader
this is 1.5 liters so think about this
much water we have 30 seconds to down
this much and everyone challenging as
hard as they can and once 30 seconds is
up you have to hold it over your
neighbor's head so everyone's holding a
bottle over the neighbors head so if you
don't finish then you douse your
neighbor and add in the middle of the
night he comes to whoop your ass for
dowsing because now he's asleep wet so I
got pretty good at drinking water in the
Marine Corps just a fun fact now it's
time to eat my McDonald
what's up God so I'm driving into the
office by myself right now because I'm
tired and I need to take a quick nap
before Jay King knees are no Jill is
going to call me a big baby for this but
I love taking naps and I just think that
she is jealous that in a 20 minutes time
she's not able to take a nap and I am
that's one really cool thing about me or
I guess like if I were a x-men my Mutant
power would be that I'm able to sleep on
command so even if I only have like
seven minutes I can probably get a good
five-minute nap in a seven minute time
frame and it was super rejuvenates me
every energizes me
so that's what I go do right now with an
office
it's 12:35 then we got to shoot at 1:00
p.m. I think I'll be able to sneak in a
quick 15 to 20 minute nap Oh someone's
here I thought no one was here I'm gonna
go take a nap
what time are we starting on one yeah
okay I'll set my alarm at 1:00 okay
thank you
let's see the temperature is set
perfectly at 70 nice I am going to be
able to take a nice little nap oh look
it's G over here so this is my usual NAP
routine I go in the prop room and then I
grab this sleeping bag liner and also
this pillow and then turn off the light
and then I go into the merge room and I
set down my pillow and then my sleeping
bag liner look at my eye oh no you have
that thing again I don't know how I get
this you know it's not pinkeye
it's a blister it's a pleasure to watch
if I go like this there's like a bubble
that forms so it's not pink eye and it
goes away in like an hour
so nobody farted oh I know
yeah Deb I jobs do digger campfire it's
crazy every time I um I rub my eye heart
it turns into this ah yeah here please
why aren't you that yeah rub my eye like
what is that alright so that's all done
violet made this borrowed is one of our
JK news editors and he always edits the
craziest shit it's super comedic
creative I know I use that editor with
nothing here oh oh you got it Chuck oh
my god your eye looks okra like a bubble
I know it's crazy
your that my rabbit told mine cuz it
feels good while I'm rubbing it yeah it
turns into a bubble I don't know but
then it goes away though this body does
a weird scrolls of shit thank you and
then now we're gonna be ready to film JK
news all right I just got done filming
JK news and I come home to a pleasant
surprise
oh yeah we got Nadine's
signature September 11 kebabs look at
the recipe on those guys what's this one
chicken chicken thighs and what's this
one
tri-tip it just season them differently
both yeah
it will completely different they look
bomb as fuck any smaller you guys smell
it I can't
damn this mo good hell yeah
tell TIFF to smell it
Oh My lordy Lord
that smells amazing yeah what are you
doing babe come back here I think he's
amazing if nobody wipes him up sure you
guys are stupid better wipe him up look
at us we cook he's very neat look at how
presentable that is because usually when
guys cook specifically bar when he could
no it's actually pretty presentable I
was going over there it's rare when a
guy can make these very clean neat and
presentable mister like chefs whoa
Medina is a good teacher and he taught
him all this and I don't want to take
any other credit but I am a teacher
Yeah right he didn't solve that's 100
country of Patsy look at that yeah Liz
good good job
oh yeah dumbass all you did last time oh
yes I made a goodness ended just like
cameras not working I'm about to get the
first bite with this giant ass chicken
skewer right mmm that's delicious
oh good job the demos bomb is okay
everything look very good very very good
I still live on camera good or off
sounds good
the only thing is last time since you
soaked it overnight the marinade got
into the meat more but it's still very
good this is like our procrastinator
yeah
where you want table whatever you want
how's that for the yummy on my shoulder
if this was my house
Casey is missing out Tom the hook
fucking around all day
I welcome like Harry start eating dress
the way feels like not about Brett I'm
not fucking around here come on
no you don't get the anything it's all
fresh
I finished eating and then now I have
the most insane food coma also because I
haven't been drinking any caffeine so
while everyone is out hanging out in the
kitchen on the dining room I'm just in
the living room chillin like a loser by
myself with no one else in the living
room but me and it's lonely fan and this
pillow and I'm just here being a dog in
the Sun that's just going cuz I'm really
tired now then I'm gonna take a nap and
hopefully answer some emails or
something but the food was amazing was
delicious and now it's just time to
chill oh my water progress that's my
second gallon almost down to the bottom
so it looks like I'll be on track I
think if every hour I could drink an
inch I'll be done by 10 o'clock alright
guys new update this is the last of my
second gallon and I'm about to finish it
with you guys
oh whether the new water could burn ah
I finished babe now I was probably gonna
happen is uh I'm just gonna end up
peeing all night long
that's what usually happens it's around
almost 10 o'clock I think
you see yep it's almost 10 o'clock right
now so I'm glad I was able to finish it
started earlier in the gym and I've got
two gallons and go to sleep soon and
rest and see you guys tomorrow
the circumcision branding is so strong a
tranny hit the circumcision branding is
so strong that the natural the natural
way is now considered the modified way
so for example for example right
