okay at the office they were shooting JK
party challenges everyone's getting
prepped we have we're not.we i have
wardrobe for one of our challenges here
i can't tell you what it is you just
have to stay tuned for the video I've
all these pretty colors all these pretty
colors and I'll show you sneak peek and
the guys are prepping this shot
I don't know
you guys are so stupid
wandering for a long time you know your
transformation since barbell number one
8k 1.0 ha have you gotten so big the
question is are you on the juice or not
your family say that you know hey you
were smaller when I first met you you
were tiny hey you were small too huge
and then you got spent no I don't ever
know that I was good
what's up just kidding party people
today you guys heard amount of bullshit
what's up just kidding party people's
today you're gonna watch me Joe put on
as many shirts as possible within one
meaning yeah
I'm inside her house anyway so I'm back
here I'm back here right now because
since it's super hot um I just wanna
make sure that the food and water so I
think you stay hydrated here run around
and I also want to make sure that I pick
up all the dog poop at least daily
because what's been happening is I don't
even realizes but they take a poop right
and they tend to take a poop away from
their food or away from where they like
to chill and stuff because they don't
like to shit where they kick it but
what's been happening is they poop and
then a bunch of flies would attract it
to that poop and then these flies find
out that oh shit there's living stuff
around here let me kick it with these
dogs and they start fucking kicking it
on the dogs and then they're like oh
shit these dogs have these yummy eaters
that I like to eat and then I start like
biting their ears um so then our dogs
like they eat I don't know exactly what
the process is but they eat their ears
I've been to the point where the poor
dog is bleeding and it scabs over and
whatnot so we got like this fly
repellent we got a bunch of like fly
traps all over the place but then we
realize shit there's a bunch of shit
back here that needs to be picked up and
we do pick it up quite frequently not on
a daily maybe like every other day but
since we have three big dogs that's a
lot of shit that's happening so then I
just realized I think we need to start
picking it up daily just for the sake of
our puppies just for the sake of our
puppies years so that's kind of how I
started off my morning all right I'm all
done now about to get to be fost his
part
waiting for me cuz I'm a princess
all right just finished having breakfast
and now we are at one of the possible
new offices for JK but we are actually
inspecting right now because we're
trying to ensure that sound is no issue
and the reason why sound is such a big
big thing for us is because we film
just kidding party we film just kidding
news we film ask the field sometimes we
may even want to film just kidding film
skits or shorts or just anything and if
sound is gonna be an issue then we can't
rent here and um what we've heard or at
least what they've told me is that
there's a control behind I don't know
what exactly behind the area means I
haven't heard any anything yet so I'm
gonna just try to walk around the corner
Chiefs maybe they mean the Metro is on
this side cuz I really don't know
geographically where it would be so Bart
and I who's left there we're trying to
figure it out and just make sure that
sound is not gonna be an issue because
that would be the biggest nightmare is
that we find the perfect location we
find the perfect location and then we
can't use it because there's like a
train passing by be like 10-15 minutes
so that would suck found the freaking
sound issue
writing I'm literally running right now
but my Steadicam is so amazing you can't
even tell at all oh my god Clara just
became my women crush every day she's
got a motorcycle you're so cool you're
so cool where did you learn how to write
it so I'm like interviewing you this is
awesome almost died like twice why was
it your fault it's like the other car
that just doesn't see you so if you guys
said oh that is that's Clara see you
could check her out on Instagram you can
check out her beautiful angelic voice on
YouTube she's a singer an artiste she's
super sweet and super random cuz I had
no idea one she was into motorcycles too
that she would ever get one three that
she wouldn't be writing by dog shit dog
shit all the poor rose
yeah so that was that was fine house
dogs how did you recognize me
Clara though I did you go how did you
know this Clara well I heard her voice
which has a very unique place oh no what
she called my name all the depth Clara
oh wow yeah for someone that's fucking
death like you you have a gradient I
told you before on death but I have
immaculate hearing like your fuck once I
hear it I can dissect every single part
of it but if I don't hear it I don't
know shit but as soon as I get one
little taste of my eardrums I could
dissect the sound everything the tambour
the texture the reverb the residence of
the sound I could break that shit down
like that I have to hear face and a
barbell again it's like fuck I missed it
but then here everyone heard me
apparently I don't know I don't know how
that I was there that loud how loud the
wards in turn as they look
