good morning what are we getting ready
for write him go to a commercial gym
what is a commercial Jimmy the
commercial gym is your regular corporate
gym it's like LA Fitness 24-hour Fitness
Anytime Fitness crunch fitness what I
fitness I guess at the end and this
isn't our ideas and the deans idea why
is it such a ridiculous idea because we
own a gym that's only ten minutes away
and it's a hardcore gym and we train
there and our team is there but instead
of training it's like Michael Phelps
leaving the Olympic Training Center do
those swim at the local YMCA why didn't
they do you want to train there he wants
to go Eagle lifting because I'm a normal
commercial gym people the way that
people live aren't as heavy and he wants
to go there show up very dominate humbly
are we going today why are we going to
24-hour Fitness coz Bart wants to show
up in Tijuana I was like let's go back
to Barbara let's be humble like no I
want to show off dang bringing back old
feels Bart and I used to come here all
the time this was our way and honestly
we never even caught the elevator
we caught this there
we can warm up before the workout but
now Bart gets a little bit Bart gets a
little bit fancy so now he's gonna gonna
catch the elevator yeah
for old times sake we have to catch this
there's I mean it's the only it's it's
the only way to do it you know how does
this feel babe Oh
the team said it was your idea
three more floors yeah so we could warm
up our body like now we're warm so then
we would walk in and we just start
lifting you're so dumb so funny
you bet on 24 so much going back today
see you go lift this is gonna be
interesting
then the whole city bit
not today bro it's a sign but even the
gods want us to
there's no point in going here babe even
the guts that want is here I'm mister
dancing dance again
round two Ali fitness
all right just finish our workout at LA
Fitness and I must say that all of us
have barbell brigade are very blessed to
have not only the equipment that we have
because we have competition grade and
competition level equipment and it's in
good condition not to say anything about
LA Fitness their facility their facility
serves its purpose and it's great for
their members but about I want to say
about like 90 percent maybe even 95
percent of our members a ba ba Brigade
actually compete in you know
bodybuilding or powerlifting or all the
lifting so we we do a good job at
catering took that but not only that but
the environment is a lot more
encouraging the music is blasting you
can hear people putting in work which
which then trickles down to everyone
else and it motivates other people and
it makes you push harder and try harder
because you see them putting on you're
like oh I want to put out - not only
that but then I don't know if it's just
a culture at this particular gym but
nobody was putting away their weights
and things were just kind of all over
the place and and no one really treated
it like their home nobody had any sense
of pride for this gym
and I was kind of sad about that I'm
like man if that's your home gym that's
where you're constantly you know working
out you've made some friends here
because I see people that like they
walking by themselves but then they
already have like equate acquaintances
at this gym and I'm like manly so that
just shows me that you come here
frequently you frequent this place but
then you're not going to treat it with
respect
and I don't again I don't know if that's
the full trip this Jam or just the
culture of LA Fitness in general or just
commercial gyms but it was kind of sad
to see that you're not respecting your
home you know or maybe you guys don't
see it that way I don't know but I
definitely grew a lot more appreciation
for my home and my gym bar barbar gave
the members are amazing super
knowledgeable I felt like I'm always a
shrimp at bar bar Berg and I feel like I
don't know anything I feel like I don't
even live sometimes the members are so
knowledgeable and so strong but above
all else they are very humble and always
willing to work together and help other
people out so thank you to LA Fitness
for existing because you helped me see
and appreciate what I already have
again I'll turn it off a bit all right
Bart how was your experience going back
to a commercial gym honestly are they
gonna say I loved it I'm so used to
standardized equipment that everything
felt we're like the bar thickness was
weird
there was no knurling on the bar the
rings were in the wrong places so none
of it is competition-ready and none of
it is standardized like if you went to
another gym in another country it would
be all different but at least like a
powerlifting gyms or competition
oriented gyms all the equipment is
standardized across all the countries
like you have a snatcher empowering all
that and then it was quiet in there and
then geo kept yelling because you had
the headphones on social plug and then
was alleged and there would be like
what's going on I missed in it and then
there's just two violins
I think you just echoed exactly what I
just said Nadeem how was it for you oh
this is this was whose idea again
honestly I would have enjoyed it better
if the atmosphere was different because
that barbell everyone's yelling the
music's pumping when you walk in
everyone says hi to each other but none
of that was like that everyone's looking
at you like who the fuck is this guy
there's a new guy there Jim
everyone's like laughing not really
messing around not really working out so
it was lowered for me
wait wait wait how would you enjoy it
everything was horrible there the
equipment the music there was no music
nobody was yelling nobody was like
encouraging anyone and just I couldn't
have a good workout but at least if they
had louder music I would have slightly
had a better workout because you're
stronger than everyone there Gio was
talking all magic because she was saying
she was strong in the most of the guys
and she kept coming to me saying dude I
live just so much more weight than this
old Indian guy he wasn't old he was
young and I was really surprised that I
was lifting more than a lot of the guys
are and I
I kind of had an ego boost it really
felt good but they still filth 115 up
bitch I don't know what happened why
were you yelling oh I had my headphones
in really loud and I think I'm used to
barbell just always blasting music so
does it matter how loud that had the
headphone music is like if I'm yelling
you still can't hear me yelling but this
place was so quiet that I would miss
something and I barbell again it's like
fuck I missed it but then here everyone
heard me apparently I don't know I don't
know how that I was was there that loud
house internally the first time we're
screwing something that no one else
understood like what and you're like my
lathe drive caused me this line with a
bitch and you were young and I like
super loud and I think people alive they
try what's sliding around what's all
this for ha bear what other stuff that
we just bought that's part time points
for tum-tums
what does come tums means me what are
you is for Berthe Morisot me what are
you making
I am making okay why are you making
cookin I'm making polka cuz mom
apparently she wants to eat poke it
today
Nazim what did you make chicken the same
chicken apke and kebabs and I didn't
make anything today I'm not making
anything on but I made this yesterday
and it was in the fridge but I mean so
chilly and they don't really make it coz
if 30 comes free preps so I just put the
powder and I just follow directions
smells like
yeah we had a pretty cool feast
yesterday Bart made his uh oh those
steaks I talked about when they were
super salty he made them again yesterday
but they were bombed this time yeah
super bomb and then I forgot what I was
doing but it was all gone it was
everyone killed it yesterday but today
we're gonna see what where what what
everything's easily I'm sure it's gonna
be bombs I'm so lucky but this time this
is what I'm making kitchen cleanup
holy crap look at the beams kebabs and
he made this saucer scratch and then
Bart made this butter onion rice and his
world-famous polka
ah
you didn't let him do it
this majesty there should be now
big wooden box around what do these days
I think Bart's gonna kill me just by
playing around with me I've been telling
you I was fixin you never listen
yes sir Oh how does that happen it's
cousin I call being a man Bart doesn't
know about it go ahead make sure to give
gives the deep
I'll follow what did he do did he show
his pubes yeah
