mahp there good morning good morning
mother
it's 8:30 we got JK news today left to
get ready no one talks about that kinda
stuff you can't smell it what happened
in the dream my bear I've died like an
accident
yeah so I didn't cheat on you this time
mm-hmm that's good
Joyce has dreams of me like cheating on
her or dying or something like that
and even though I'm JK news you always
see her acting all mean to me she
actually loves me a lot because
subconsciously she has these dreams at
least once a week because always in the
middle of my deep sleep where I'm
sleeping so peacefully and they're just
sheep jumping over the fence with
classical music she comes over and
abruptly wakes me up but gives me all
these kisses and tells me to remind her
how much I love her and I always do this
at 3:00 a.m. because my brain needs a
lot of a lot of
good morning puppies Tyson and breaky
good morning you cute bitch morning
pinky
big cutie pie Tyson doesn't likes to
wake up slow because he's a big old
grandpa
he's uh he's about 15 years old and if
he makes it past this year he's gonna be
16 and what's crazy is um the average
lifespan for a German Shepherd is only
nine and a half years so he's already
lived 50% longer then he's supposed to
live so if you can equate that to humans
if humans are supposed to live a hundred
years he's lived a hundred and fifty
years already and he makes it past this
year then he's gonna be a hundred and
sixty years old so he is a certified
dinosaur you big cutie pie that's what I
takes him a little bit longer to wake up
and get up you big grandpa he's looking
at me you motherfucker get the fuck out
my wife's not there yeah what are you
doing in there is that why I do when I
walk by the door I heard the metal thing
quick I was wondering why the metal
thing clicked only when I was by yeah
damn why did you click it for Nam not
after get ready no we have to get ready
after coder JK musing like 45 minutes
all right what should I wear so today I
got JK news which means I'm gonna be
sitting there for like 8 to 10 hours I
need to be comfortable so it is normal
for me to go on the t-shirt section and
in my t-shirt collection I pretty much
have all barbell Brigade stuff and maybe
a few other shirts that I like and I
have a lot of tri-blend I really like
tri-blend shirts because if you look
there's a bunch of different colors and
if you're like me and you accidentally
spill tea or coffee or soy sauce it
hides the stains pretty well and Santa
has all kinds of colors like this like
this is technically a black shirt I
don't know if it shows that way on
camera but there's reds and blues in
there so I get to rock these shoes with
red and blue in it and it matches so I
really like tri-blend shirts oh yeah
but I did wear shorts the other day this
is one of the things I like to do to
save laundry and I don't like having
big-ass laundry loads so maybe for the
bottoms this is a secret if you see all
the stuff that I film in that one week
like just kidding party just kidding
films just kidding news I'm probably
wearing the same bottoms if they're
clean for the whole week because my
upper body sweats my lower body doesn't
sweat and that way I only have to wash
one bottom at a time and I just changed
the tops and then it looks like I'm
wearing different clothes so I got my
shorts or I got my bottoms taken care of
what should i I did just get a haircut
I got a fade and since I did just get a
haircut maybe I should wear something a
little bit nicer I'll go and my button
down my button-up section all this one's
really light I like this one today seems
like a hot day so I'll wear something a
little bit on the
and I got that and then I got this so I
got brown bottoms and then I got a light
green teal ish button up and I gotta
keep it gangster though so I got my
white Cortez's
this will be my outfit at the day my
white Cortez's that are kind of dirty
now I gotta wipe them down and I got my
teal light green shirt brown bottoms and
that's it boom I'm done getting ready I
got my hair done
got my shirt done got the bottoms on and
got my shoes and got the watch of course
one thing new imma bring to the office
is the samurai sword and yes this is a
real functioning samurai sword it's
actually sharp it's actually sharp very
sharp and he could use it and the reason
I'm bringing it we've been having like
these crazy-ass fans knock on the just
kidding films office while we're filming
and interrupting us while we're working
to entertain you guys and they've been
leaving like weird letters and notes so
I don't know I'm feeling kind of like
being stalked by and it feels kind of
weird so I'm gonna need some protection
from those crazy motherfuckers out there
Jesus back right here see this boom bolt
through both sides easily and now I just
sliced the entire bottom half in half
the sword is this shit oh when I was a
kid I had a bunch of toy weapons now
that I'm older I could have some real
weapons and you know I'm we're gonna
have some real weapons and I try to
stick to that basic gun shit I'm gonna
have battle axes I'm gonna have that
ball with the metal spikes on there I
can swing around because when robbers
will up to your house and apply to but
then when you pull out a muhfucka
samurai sword then they're like oh shit
so remember what I was telling you guys
about those creepy-ass fans yesterday in
the middle of filming JK party they come
and they knock on the door and they
write love you JK f and although it's a
very sweet gesture to show us that you
really like our content we are still
working and the fan that came he would
just knock on the door once and we would
open the door would look outside and no
one was there and he would close it and
in like five minutes later he would
knock on it once again and probably like
hit around one of these offices it was
late at night so we don't really know we
couldn't really see where he was going
but it disrupts our filming and this is
still technically our job so it does get
kind of weirded out and it affects the
flow when we have twenty paid people
working to complete a job but all those
twenty people are getting interrupted
and they even wrote down there like IG
handled you can't really see it but they
wrote it down with their finger on a
dusty car which is rule number one
something you never do because that's
because that's how you scratch the clear
coat good morning everyone
what are you guys doing preparing for
articles
oh so you're planning ahead yeah aren't
you scared that your shoulders gonna get
more tan than the rest of your body no
cuz I'm indoors cute
are you planning ahead to what did your
awesome boyfriend do to take care of you
this morning like crazy he pushed me off
pushed you out what do you mean push me
off how did he piss you off
oh no you just talk so much stupid shit
he never puts his job
the hardest but that's not the question
the question is how did your friend take
care of you this morning he did it
what's that right there that's clearly
right in front of the camera the coffee
that I get every morning who got it for
you I didn't I take care of her so much
so this is how much I take care of her
she doesn't even know where her keys are
she never has her keys because I'm the
one opening all the doors all the time I
bought her that coffee so she could stay
in the car and do her makeup all day
long and this relationship is not 50/50
it's 90 10 90 on my side I do all of the
work and I'm one of the best boyfriends
in the world rated by JD Power and
Associates Joe is playing with this
sword well that's an index card I might
never have about this you're trying to
make magic happen Tommy remember you see
those videos like these guys dropped a
piece of me it's pretty sharper but
that's also a super controlled
environment oh but let's see no it's not
that sure it's pretty sharp though you
could just run your finger across and
see how sharp it is you don't got to use
paper like this
what are you doing you are making fun of
us playing with swords and you're like
oh boys playing with swords so always
you could count how many boxes you
slashed how many people you showed but
now you're trying to join it on the fun
and trying to learn from us
oh you're my shot bro no I thought you
you thought you didn't want to be with
part of the fun I don't make in fun of
you guys no you're not you're just
trying to join so much cardboard on your
Greece I know I / what we learned
yesterday is how they're doing it these
days is actually wrong how they used to
do it back in the day was like this and
they used to fight it's really sharp and
they used to use their bar hi are you
done you always talk shit and then you
want to join us girls they always talk
shit about us and our toys and then they
end up wanting to join us because they
feel left out exactly because I've been
keeping it safe at night because I've
been keeping it safe at night
look at that crazy fan yesterday they
roll all over your car you got all
scared you're riding in the groove me oh
no I'm gonna get raped so which is why
as a responsible boyfriend I have to
bring the sword to the office in case
there's more crazy-ass bad so you don't
get ripped do you want to get read by
someone see
would you like to get raped no exactly
no one likes to get raped you want to
slice a piece of cardboards one right
here I found right now
then how come it's so easily found let
me find miss probably tons of cardboard
some right here we find something see I
found some cardboard right here
it's not theirs we gotta fine I'll find
another piece of cardboard later now you
want some that standing so then like you
can slice it through because you don't
want to be like you don't want to be
like frat boys and then put it on your
nose and then have someone trying to aim
and slice it off it's very sharp it's
very very sharp it's very sharp if you
if you just run your finger on top of it
you'll see how sharp it is I can tell
you've been using it oh my god there you
go look Jill trying to get in on the boy
fund always trying to get in on the
boyfriend
your beauty is just gleaming I always
cut in half oh that's how they do it
damn dude it is shot it's really odd I
think it's a pearl the bird yeah that's
what we tried the one where we just like
oh that's pretty good it is pretty sharp
stuff that's crazy dude you know how I
know it's sharp when I did the midnight
I got it I took the box that it came in
and I took it underneath a lamppost is G
like I don't want to cut any of the
furniture I stood it up you know what he
sliced there was something usually
you'll feel like even if you're cutting
on Cape like a Gib right yeah you'll
feel something kind of like block a
little bit then you go through right I
slid I cut right through and then it was
to the point I spun around cuz nothing
stopped me oh right through the box
oh my god it's like swinging a sharp bat
yes I want to practice quick-draw I
think I kind of quick draw
what's a fast Lord you know my ex is
accident-prone the stones on this
fucking cool oh but the funny thing is
yeah this part neither fell off I need a
super glued back on I just fixed because
I like it too much
oh and this the inside there's details
you see that white little spiky stuff
that's not a stingray skin yeah it's
real stingrays skin inside look like
styrofoam so it's like it's like natural
uh sandpaper I thought it looked like
styrofoam every time I saw that it could
be styrofoam but this is steam race cams
is real yeah that's how they supposed to
do it huh yeah cuz it has actual grip
like a stingray and we ate stingray in
Malaysia and this is the texture of the
skin is made by the thickest white
people on earth I know I mean it's not
really refined it's not refined at all
but it's but the blade is like practical
though because all the other ones that
you get there display style and don't
break on you yeah there's like a lot of
like what the coachmen sell off on on
the I hope it's stuff like that this
one's maintained a hill and a scabbard
but this is so cool though dog it's
pretty long for a katana yeah it handles
pretty long what's about the same it's a
full laying sister's yeah just came in
the mail to practice yeah
so this would have been painful to get
spanked with or the fundation shopping
dan that's tight dude I want to go other
way this way yeah you hold it like that
so wouldn't so when you draw when you
pull like in during your draw hmm you're
supposed to be able to kill on the first
row on the drop
yes it's not well it's not drawn already
know cuz timing like so if you get an
argument with David and and shit gets
real you only have one chance to slice
time you don't want to draw and then
let's go yeah that's only a price it's
pretty dull this is a this is a show
performance one well yeah it was really
cheap but the actual ones are and these
are our normal conversations but before
we start filming JK knees are you
setting yourself up for failing again
eating two bags of chips and then later
you have no room to eat with David even
though you only see him once a week stop
paying so much attention to you
I can't I love you yeah I like it too
but I faced my foundation
we're a successful relationship don't
you think I think this is what me and
Geo have what she's holding and freaking
how much de David has a Terminator arm
over there holy fuck
so this is what my setup looks like now
check out David China gimble what was
your favorite topic we talked about so
far today ah my favorite or the one that
stood out to you the most uh Trent so
that there was this bill passed in
Cincinnati that now prison inmates can
change their gender if they identify
themselves and then the hotel like
explode - they now allow a transgender
person to have its reassignment surgery
yeah that what about yours David which
topic did stood out to you the most time
was the fucking explosion in China
delish it was fucking insane that is not
a regular explosion we all know you're
hiding some shit and the fuck the reason
why I was my favorite articles because
there's a person that blew up and flew
back and it's not because of me even
Tiffany agrees that the way you said it
was fucking comical yes you did
so that base that he's making it up he
goes he goes well that person's dead
like like it's obvious you know need
something very tragic and it's
all right just gonna go get bouche it
was funny to me even without the
commentary because you like we all saw
like the six explosions leading up to it
so we knew what was gonna happen to the
guy so you just see that guy here just
like ah poor dude you just know it's
gonna happen and then it was actually
worse than what I thought what I thought
was gonna happen was like in the movies
you know the glass shatters and it blows
him back it was just like orange and
then the cameras just turned off so got
vaporized like there for sure that ball
had to have heard some kind of pre
explosions you know I mean like some
shit was going down and he just was
ignored it exploded obliterated i'ma
grab my motherfucking sword and I'ma
slice that ghost I don't even know where
I put my sword see I gotta keep the
sword next to me cuz if crazy
motherfuckers roll up in here hey what
the fuck is my sword at Tommy have my
sword where is it
oh thank you I don't even have it
readily next to me in case perpetrators
how to roll up on me
is that hot today I'm actually going out
there tonight so cold I had a sweater on
up until they give you a minute ago so
you're not sweating right now are you I
think I'm about to pass out to the
artist is it hot for you guys you guys
from Florida and this is still hot for
you guys they're tripping I'm burning
I'm a Savoy and this is one of my
favorite places to eat for mackerel
friendly boots because you have boiled
chicken breast and you have white rice
but the rice is super flavorful because
it's boiled in or it's steamed in
chicken broth and it's super clean so
when I need to keep my fat slow this is
where I like to come and I get salad for
my green so I get my fiber in there and
I'm hungry I sell been filming JK news
for the past four hours and I'm starving
now
what did you get babe oh wait so what
what did you get the exact same thing
because of the exact same reasons I'm
starving that's interesting I think
you're pointing down oh no you're it's
interesting how you said what but you
know exactly what I was talking about
sided tap tap into that punch
unconscious brain aha the subconscious
step 1 unconscious means you're knocked
the hell out we're in between takes and
this is what we're doing and between the
takes they're just staring at the camera
what are you guys looking at so this
doll oh my god he's a wiener dogs
supposed to be like this from this hat
company he's about as weird ugh you guys
want to see you're a pervert the first
thing you look for is a pig don't you
know no one just cutest I said meanwhile
we got Tommy fucking shit up over here
like usual what are you doing like
unplugging all the computers and this is
my only job in JK news is to hit the
buttons no not yet no now you understand
Colin but me I'll tell you guys a secret
later the recording yes cuz we had a
camera problem earlier okay they're all
red alright and then I hit the timer so
we know how much time ago start and then
I got a clap can you clap boom and then
to watch the episode you got to go to
Jessica news because now peace alright
so I don't really know what's going on
with the Meek Mill thing what's going on
- Meek Mill and Drake me
David David is the official hip-hop
ambassador so check it out
so Meek Mill release this album right
yeah now when Meek Mill released his
album he thought that great was gonna be
tweeted apparently or you know why
important to it
yeah I guess their home is a shit but no
the weird shit is so like he's a part of
like Rick Ross's label of shit even Rick
Ross didn't fucking like we tweet he's
made Bob music yeah so he didn't fucking
uh he didn't fucking do any shit like
that too and there's some other people
on that Ross that didn't do themselves
but Drake didn't do it so he was
basically his anger retaliation towards
Drake was the basically say that he has
ghost riders that Drake is even write
his own shit he was talking shit just
because he didn't retweet it yeah which
is kind of weird that's that
passive-aggressive like a motherfuck it
was something super fucking petty right
and so Drake comes out with his district
a fucking demolishes this bull right and
my personal opinion don't like the diss
track to me it wasn't really that great
just because like we grew up in the era
of like fucking Tupac yeah I fucked your
bitch you fat motherfucker you know I
mean uh like that's the type of
discharge that we use that back in the
day but this one was kind of like
beating around the bush a little bit
it's all soft but either way it was a
pretty dope diss and so uh uh he gets
demolished Meek Mill comes out with his
rebuttal
it fucking is this wacky shit right he
comes out with another we'll call back
to back end this is - yeah and he
fucking demolishes Meek Mill again right
and he's still and so the funny thing
was like on hot 97 I guess like a DJ was
supposed to say that he was gonna have
like to meet me with this comeback right
and it just never came out
and so it made people even look worse
and then the hot 97 dude looked like a
piece of shit at the same time and then
Trey just fucking dissed him on the
back-to-back record and it was just this
whole fucking thing because it's just so
weird because he's from Philly right so
he's supposed to be like this hardcore
gangster dude but you've this singsong
fuckin rappers destroy you want to run
on two fucking tracks and so he used his
line on the second one I think I'm back
to back where he talks about he got a
cosign from his rapper you know a rap
and he is a he's like from Philly too
but then so Meek Mill cuz he's upset
about that shit he goes boy you're from
fucking Philly you're supposed to have
my back you fucking fake ass punk bitch
calls out a rep now Arab is a fucking
convicted felon so a rep comes back with
a fucking distracted to drink to
somebody so two people just fucking
distant now dommage both his career
and he can't say shit back to a drought
because I was a fucking good so now he
just has like three he shot fire like
shots were fired at Arab though exactly
so hey Bri look what the fuck yeah so he
just puts out the diss tracking -
fucking demolishes again I'm like dude
so what about all those memes with like
meek with Nicki Minaj know that oh oh
haha
he was basically he was basically saying
like are you on a world tour oh you want
your girl's tour because he's the opener
for Nicki Minaj Drake's calling Meek
Mill a bitch oh but they're both from
the same label no no they're not from
the same label they're just I guess
supposed to be homies or some shit oh
yeah cuz Drake's from the ways they
dumping Drake so that's the scoop guys
well that's cuz we Asian we got real
shit to worry about like grades but we
still want to stay in the know I still
got people asking me questions about
stuff like that
okay and I wanted to stay at a no-ball
he's too busy to worry about get up man
I got time look at it ain't nobody got
time for Google that looks fucking
delicious dude yeah can you open it and
now it's the one I'm going to eat one or
two chip three chips I'm gonna just get
three chips just to get the flavor and
that's it
oh my god Lord all right because the
only reason why is because if we have
opened this like earlier on JK news I'd
be fucked I know it's gonna be here the
whole time but now to actually get food
so I'm good
hello it doesn't count right it's a good
gun it's just like um women onion mmm
yeah mmm it's pretty good though that's
pretty boss this pretty bomb it's not
mind-blowing leave lumps all of it it
makes me easier resist yeah I'm getting
more about my even one word suggestive
that's how wrong we just finished
recording JK news
it is about to be ten o'clock but I
didn't get a chance to use my sword yet
so now let it cut some cardboard before
I get dinner
oh my god object to oh my god
what are you thinking as you're cutting
the cardboard actually now I'm actually
thinking please don't let go on this
order and kill three people
please don't like all this already kill
three people
shit
the ground fuck I did you get you down
yeah well it still sharp but it's gotta
get sharpen okay yeah I hit the ground
how'd you cook
and I be Jo heels ni peach other
bullshit I beat him Gina Gina yeah
I got the thumbs now
