heyo today's shake hey a news day and
I'm getting ready
you see got the tunes on in the morning
check out this guy how come your head is
like that falls down into ugly places I
have never seen that technique in my
life that's a new technique
this guy's vlogging again but he copied
my setup did it I surprised you when I
bought it you had no idea I even knew
about it oh thank god wha then you got
really interested in because I got it
and I started using oh you asked me
you're like which GoPro should I buy and
I was like for you you should get the
silver you don't use 4k that was after I
bought it you said good thing you've got
silver because it comes with the screen
I said duh then I told you get to say
you know you did it it was fun she just
crossed the scene you're so hot welcome
to adulthood
what are you doing you were making fun
of us playing with swords and you're
like oh boys playing with swords so
always you could count how many boxes
you slashed how many people you showed
but now you're trying to join in on the
fun and trying to learn from us oh
you're my shot bro no I thought you you
thought you didn't want to be with part
of the fun
I don't making fun of you guys no you're
not you're just trying to join so much
cardboard on your grease I told you what
we learned yesterday is how they're
doing it these days is actually wrong
how they used to do it back in ping was
like
and these and fight
it's really shocked oh that's just crazy
you can chop the branch easily oh oh
oh god please be careful oh my god
trying to get it on the boy fun always
trying to get in on the boyfriend you
stop paying so much attention to me
please you as a terminator arm over
there holy fuck
so this is what my setup looks like now
to check out David China's gimbal pussy
it was made for a heavier camera so I
have to actually counterbalance it with
some extra weight see now what wins no
we're not twins
your shit is always better you should
have that shit is portable it's portable
does right it's about as portable as a
rice cooker
oh shit
do it again
dude tip is waiting for us at IHOP so we
just finished shooting we just finished
shooting JK para JK news I don't even
know anymore and this is the first thing
he wants to do so we were here since
10:00 a.m. it's now almost 10 p.m. and
this is what this fucker wants to do
right now play with this buggy sword and
he wants you to record for his vlog I
wanna fit you should face the light we
just finished recording JK news it is
about to be 10 o'clock but I didn't get
a chance to use my sword yet
oh my god you split it in half oh my god
are you really oh my god please don't
like all of the sword and kill three
people
shit
you hit the ground
okay all done it is 11 p.m. now I just
finished having dinner and now I'm home
is bot doing his bat stuff okay with my
coolest PJ's which you know about ice
cream I don't know nothing about ice
cream I refused to let these these PJ's
go they're so comfortable I think like I
have to have PJs for at least five years
and then that's when I break them in and
I'm like these are my favorite PJ's of
all time but yeah I think I'm gonna call
it a night
maybe do a little bit of work I'm not
gonna lie I'm gonna do a little bit of
work and then I'm gonna call it a night
and here's the hard drive before ever
loves well I think I said too much dun
dun dun
alright so today was a pretty crazy day
worked out in the morning right after my
workout went home took like a quick
10-minute shower my hair is still wet
have no makeup on I just put on whatever
clothes I needed to put on rush to the
JK office bar already had food waiting
for me we were here since 2:00 it's now
it's now five o'clock and dude you got
to see these topics that we great minds
think alike
what well yeah Joe freaking had a
tantrum and I feel weird talking it's
okay
oh shit it's light out yes double four
ninety five four double off a deficit
BAM
oh my god Brandon became with slut I
swear go follow him tell him you want to
suck his wiener but he still gross I'm
going to vlog we're here
you planned oh we're gonna go to Vegas
eat food you say I totally beat Joe is
he always tries to barbecue
I mean do they know what numb means
maybe numb is is cuny bail taqwa love
so we spell it in um we are at Vegas
seafood foot there and I'm eating shrimp
good job what is that clam shell of
plans public lands those are from SF
eloquence poverty macros I can only
consume 40 grams of fat in one day so I
have this Lucas seafood so that I can
have a decent meal at night and I'm not
starving today we're fucking weird bunch
this guy's squatting this guy's playing
the guitar this guy's not doing shit
this guy lost his phone
knowledge shot you're going backwards I
think you should turn it around because
we're testing out dolly shots was so
shaky that says shaky I'm gonna do this
your guide cheek backwards and we're
actually in a meeting
we're actually in the morning attorney I
mean first you lean forward or backward
by leaning forward don't balance just
don't think about axe there you go
now this tippy toes forward
like you're gonna fall you like
adrenaline girl hey
good night gets hairier
oh my god how does that happen it's
cousin I call being a man Bart doesn't
know about it
