hey what's up beautiful people so I'm
happy to announce that this channel
Giovanna Antoinette will be changing to
Bart and geo channels so all of my
workout videos are going to be moving to
Bart Kwon channel that will be changing
to baba brigade oh yeah and now this
channel is going to be our family
channel and it's going to be the
bartender o channel where both of us are
gonna take turns vlogging every other
day and show you all of our personal
family and baile shenanigans and this is
Brittany and if you miss my workout
videos
you're never gonna miss out because they
will be uploaded on the bar Quan channel
every single Thursday
that's Thursday so if you want to see
her workouts or other female oriented
workout extravaganzas go on over to the
bar Quan which is gonna be Baba Brigade
Channel and if you're smart you gonna be
able to follow along but if you're done
gonna get lost but what the hell that
was Jim on tonight no it's the part and
geo channel with a lot of bear
shenanigans and us vlogging every single
day to share with you all of our
personal insightful and family fun yay
