good morning it is Sunday and I just
woke up I said you can kind of see my I
just woke up face I had to go to the car
to get this guy my GoPro opened the door
and freaking was surprised by Luther it
out
this is live Naha no check them out uh
bark want channel on YouTube he has his
own vlogs and he's funny and I feel like
he's only showing you 10% of how crazy
he really is because in real life he's
crazy or because we're me it's the
opposite I'm pretty crazy or whatever
you consider this crazy on this level of
crazy on video but in person I'm boring
and quiet and introverted like a mofo
but not Lou this is a friggin opposite
so bonnie was a rescue she was adopted
because she was like I don't know her
backstory that much because um they just
picked her up from a shelter but we
picked her up from an all German
Shepherd rescue center and worth flexing
and I guess basically her story is she
was severely abused specifically by
males so anytime there's a male around
her she she like freaks the hell out
look at her she tries to hide anywhere
she can here's the Dean watching himself
not true not you
gets hairy oh how did that happen it's
cousin I call being a man Bart doesn't
know about it go ahead make sure to give
use the deep
I'll follow what did he do did he show
his pubes yeah given oedema follow he's
funny he's the bomb and you'll know that
reference as soon as you follow him on
IG follow this fool - he's a real bomb
and I know I told you guys to unfollow
this guy so you can go ahead and follow
him now REE follow Bart Kwon hey we're
about to film what's good it's banana
cream cool and salted caramel oh I've
had the salted caramel protein shake
flavor okay I'll make hot cheetos what
are you saying about sponsorship I hope
that we get sponsored by hot cheetos cuz
i'll have crumbs on my face my fingers
will be red and i have yeah it's gonna
be banana cream and salted caramel hey
you all got it good so you do the thing
at the end finger thing okay guys ready
uh uh Nadine what are you doing what
about your socks that sounds like you
know
Oh toe point the deeps a dancer and
either stripper is right yeah what are
the topics well I haven't that he is at
every single shoot but he never does he
is that every single shoot I'm focusing
on what lunch to make you right now mmm
don't you want me you'd want you he won
me over
stop touching him Bob why are you
letting yourself mobilising my that's
not Alex he's not Alex he's mine and
we're at but we're talking about our
meet we gotta get ready today's Sunday
and usually means kind of a chill day
although we did shoot and they do have a
meeting later on it's kind of a day
where I get to catch up on all my house
chores cuz check out all dirty my places
mail I haven't opened up
in like two weeks shoes are everywhere
tricky fun can I use a ninja bleep yeah
thank you ah my roof especially the
bathroom is horrible look at this and
it's just me - oh my junk
makeup hair accessories contact case
random hanger cuz I had to steam clean
this morning or steam is sure not steam
clean my room which I never leave like
this as soon as I get out of my bed I'd
like to make my bed but not today I said
I'm not doing it hey I'm all dude I'm
not doing it and it closed my life is a
mess I swear in all my videos and the
Dean and Bart are always cooking when I
think can you tell them that I made the
food one time oh no the real one time
when I cooked my pants are still dirty
because I haven't even washed it yet a
week ago about a week ago but I do cook
that one time but now that he's cooking
again remaking then I cook the food for
you know I could do myself in the video
I'm stirring it for you that's a
different video I didn't make a video
for the last one I did but yeah the
other one you did make it for me
what is this
they see just onions and tomatoes and
Bart made some rice
what's this rice Bart yeah what's this
rice all about lemons and now I like
this weird metal taste but and what have
been bottle is smelling that wait why
are you putting the spoon back in there
I mean what have been built with the
metal uh and by the way Nadine's a huge
germaphobe so the fact that he saw Bart
just do what's in there
Gardi well that's going on I'm over here
with Sean say what's up Sean hello
everyone cinematic shot cinematic shot
I'll be here with Sean and we're
conceptualizing more jqp for you guys on
to Sunday putting in work not cooking
not messing around
yeah that's what we're doing the theme
what's what what's what what's up
whatever would it would it would it so
right here we have Bart
he made rice with what with chicken
stock lemon lemon and he kind of fucked
it up so we're not gonna eat it
in Tanya thanks it's the Spanish word
for steak right
oh it's Argentine and it's garlic sauce
on top some type of garlic grill I don't
know what else to call it I make my
Afghan dish right there with almost
Afghan word for tomatoes and onion oh
and I made cheese for your sauce
bomb and there's fun fun fun all right
so we're all trying boards meat here
and it looks amazing we can all agree we
can all agree it looks pretty amazing
like the grilled garlic it's it's
perfectly browned the meat it's juicy
and tender so what was the recipe before
I say anything else
I think it was like a little like he put
some steak in assault
he just wanted this threw away the meat
so so what ended up happening was he
salted it a little bit according to him
and then he salted it a little bit more
and you'd add the salt off right dab it
salt again but every piece that I eat of
this meat is pure salt
I cannot taste any flavor of meat in
here I don't know what the meat tastes
like at all because it's just salt the
salt was pretty saltiness
he tried he did a good job we just have
to try again next weekend all right can
you show us how you're gonna eat your
meat now
who thought
it's most good stuff
is it better so please all cheer I was
gonna try that too and looks so good
though alright guys thanks so much for
following me throughout my day I'm about
to call it a night now I'm about to
close out my day but before I do that I
just wanted to let you guys know about a
really cool opportunity that was
presented to me that I want to share
with you guys and it's from pro opinion
who actually sponsored this video and
they gave me a special link for you guys
to click on that I will place it in the
description box below go ahead check it
out cuz it's really really cool cuz when
you guys go and visit the website you
get to see really cool market research
that's done on a lot of different trends
new products that are out on the market
right now things that are affect you
things that affect me and if you love
giving your opinion you can actually get
paid for those opinions so go ahead
check it out trust me you won't regret
it
especially for all my business students
out there this is a really cool tool for
you guys to use so that you can see what
actual big companies are doing actually
if you just kind of like get to see
where their mind is that I get to see
where the market is going get to see new
trends old trends um how could they did
if they're good or they're bad go ahead
check them out you won't regret it
thanks so much guys till next time good
night
with the voided run and this is the the
last stretch of it
