all right I'm at the office now and I'm
running so late we have a meeting oh hi
oh yeah well anyway I'm late this were
working from today oh my favorite
holiday yeah I was saying I'm super late
but it was really awesome that we're
working out of here because it makes me
like five minutes Leslie but I'm still
fucking late but yeah all right so what
I was saying is this is my favorite
holiday ever and I'm so excited that we
get to film it early for JK oh my god
this is so cool and I'm excited because
on what we're gonna do is we're gonna
take the month of December off so we
have this what we call stockpile which
means we're gonna shoot it before the
month actually comes through so that we
don't have to come back here in December
film it then give it to one of theirs
however my table and then we don't get a
vacation so we're planning for the
vacation and I'm really excited we got
the homie bleed with the fire Presto's
thank you yeah he's shuffling from where
oh shit
whoo bye did we buy this yeah for who we
wanted Michael we were instructed that
we wanted more options for people yeah
oh so no one's gonna get playing a
20-man these are for whoever doesn't
have a Christmas you know which one is
about to buy but it's gonna it wasn't
gonna come in time it's a ugly Christmas
sweater and it has a big picture of
fresh prints about their will on it yeah
but it wasn't gonna come in enough time
so I can't wear it oh cool what else
what else did you pick up dan will get
that cop someone has to be sure this the
only way they can wear it is shirtless
it has to be Joe oh that's cute
that's for a girl matching pants
and one that says Merry Christmas cute I
am NOT an elf so I can't wear that we're
ready for tomorrow how come mrs. Ren
that's a bag that she left in my house
oh right because she used to live with
you yeah but she moved out what a loser
for you Ren
Julia's barbell you're so lame then we
have Sean oh not doing much what are you
doing stuff I'm just didn't chilling
eating dry pasta that's weird bro it's
my favorite pasta and sparkling water
that I'm going to take this and I drop
it in there wait for it to get all soggy
with all the carbonated water and you
Asian people are so weird
that's racist I know it is I'm Asian too
but not really pretty much at this point
I know right
and then we got ed over here
what are you doing it doing okay I'll go
on this side for me is it for barb oh
I'm supposed to be doing yeah Jake a
word from you barb over oh yeah for us
bro that's for me look at this tree
though anyway and then we got Michael
who's who whose little shoulder angel
Michael is looking after Michael behind
you Oh got your back that is no idea no
Michaels behind you make the same face
yeah it was perfect thank you Michael
I will not no sir I will not see you
later okay nevermind I just what are you
talking about you're really sweating
what the hell I'm on so what's up Brian
what are you doing we are testing lights
for JK party we're trying to figure out
if there's a nice and medium between
separating the cast from the background
and having something that like works for
all the games the tricky part about JK
party is that because we have so many
varied setups
okay and caste is running around all the
time it's hard to like like people that
are constantly moving a KA just Jo and
bonus Joan Vark okay no occasionally you
jump up like yeah you Joey that's like
moving around a little bit
alright well my fault too yeah but I
mean everybody everybody does it from
time to time it's just the nature of the
show but we're trying to find something
that maybe lights everything a little
bit better thank you so much
ah the pasta guy thank you so much for
your input you're doing an amazing job
all of you guys are actually doing an
amazing job
I'm alright I mean no they're just
really nice if I'm gonna go over to the
other side which is the admin side
because they said that there's some
really cool decor so you know Manos es I
gotta go see what the fuck they're
talking about oh shit this is cool
jess is like on a picnic or something
that is so cool
good job look at that it smells very
piney she what the fuck I may be I'm
tripping maybe it's this I think it's
this oh they probably put a pine thing
on there too would be smart
no this is fake you just made me smell a
fake fucking planet and she probably
knew it was fake she's like I'm gonna
make this bitch slip down but this looks
so cool
whoa look at this that's fucking awesome
this is where bathrooms are let's see
what else they got oh snap oh snap this
is exciting stuff oh they moved this in
here too what else
see little net feel the same they're
meeting in there while they're painting
and white that's all there's nothing
else going on in here
Evans so lonely
Oh so Rory your friends are with you
wow that's very cool so cool dude all
right let's jump em for me and this is
my ideal setting for a gym really not in
that terms of business but just in terms
of training when it's empty like this
and I have all the space to myself
but as a business person who's the owner
I'm just like bullshit it's not Timex
we've all right here yet but I love when
it's kind as a business owner two
different things but anyway I wanna get
to training now this girl here my
favorite person I like to bug I'm not
gonna bug you right now it's not fun we
sure that's what judge Lee fine we just
had this thing where I wasn't wearing
any shoes these are my lucky shoes but I
wasn't wearing any shoes she's wearing
her dope Presto's and then she was
taller than me and I'm like what the
fuck am i shrinking because I'm getting
old I know
fucking Tyga just kidding I love you
okay I'm gonna go tree no oh shit did
you get your car yet god damn it
all right well anyway you didn't show me
oh snap the team that is car who cares
we get exclusive first vid he brought
his car
ah shit the team with the big boy car
off fuck its bow now hold on
that is so cool how he is really nice oh
my god it's so big
wow that that's an invitation I'm going
this way that's nice right it's really
nice
seven miles my course yeah this is a
nice one sir there's so much room in
here
the debtors in the back like the back is
where it's where it's the funnest but
look so I'll put this seat is as far as
it could go back right now and most part
acted like this I'm usually like this
let me move it and then I can show you
where this is great
that's as far as I could go back so I
and I'll never sit that far back oh
that's who put the seat up and that
whole back window goes down thank you
you'd have to break your legs for us to
fishy but yeah dude you just sleep in
here to go camping pretty to people yeah
what are you gonna do to it nothing for
now just ribs
we get in and put the window down so you
look like inside
you look so little I know and you like
the shore bed okay oh really
Danny got the Platinum the Platinum
Tundra oh yeah I forgot
let's go go go get in it dude look at
Nadine ladies holla
aDNA team yeah it sounds really cool
this is awesome what city looks like a
little bitch though no he looks like
he's ready to go off-roading oh I like
the grill I like this too
what oh yeah it's mine this is so cool
yeah I like when my friends get nice
things Talia and a dame what are you
gonna take us out dude all right I
really need to Train
all right it's a family home that's the
gym all right so I want to target cuz I
remember I told you guys about us
filming some Christmas stuff well I had
to buy Christmas stuff doesn't have
Christmas stuff to wear for the
Christmas shoot but I went to the worst
place that you could possibly go to
Target so all I needed was a sweater or
a top for myself and one for Bart but
Tommy why I came back with two bags full
of shit I don't need but why are you
ready for this I got like some Tiger
stuff this is for six months he's kind
of growing really fast it is so it's a
little tiger with a lion and then you
sip it up
can you stop so that's four tyka and
then this is my phone
I needed this Oh and tyka is not only a
tiger he's a bear oh wait these aren't
even bears dammit they're penguins but I
got him this for the holidays so he can
look nice when he visits people after he
gets his shots look at that he's gonna
look fly I think only Danny to buy him
now some shoes about probably I think
I'm shoes because he doesn't walk so
what's the point right and then this is
the be the one I got um look at this one
listen he could wear this right away
I couldn't wait anymore so I just got
through can you stop stop doing that
stop it hey cut it out that's dirty
yeah so look at this one look at the
buckets of little bears and there's
their ears stick out
Thank You dark can you stop it
stop doing that disrespectful ass pretty
oh and then I got him this thing because
all he likes to do is spit out his
pacifier and it's cute because this
thing holds onto his pacifier so when he
spits it I'll so I'm just gonna fall on
the floor yeah it looks like this so it
looks like the giraffe is biting it was
cute I had to just wash it alright what
else did I get let's see let's see oh
and then he's learning a lot so I got
him this thing that has a bunch of
different attachments and things going
on to the cute little fox
I think the ears he'll yeah they make
this noise they have different patterns
so he can play with this and feel
different textures and hear different
sounds has a little rattle I wait I hope
the dogs don't think it's for them yeah
well yeah look at that look how cute
this wolf Fox's I love all the pattern
so it's gonna he's gonna really be like
what in the wood what is in here oh how
cute he could chew on this thing I gotta
just wash it oh very cool I'll have to
remove the removable wrist either so
once he starts teething he can chew on
all this crap and then I got this little
thing for him to like chew on and play
around and what's this one oh it has
that same texture see like like this
texture a lot cuz I noticed this thing
has it feel like a little punch anyway
what's this I feel like he's gonna go
into teething soon I don't know my other
nephews huh Gigi and then okay so I got
ugly sweater for Bart and this one's
pretty damn ugly
cuz it's this shark I don't even
understand why there's a shark but
thank you target this is a shitty ugly
sweater there we go
that's what it looks like that's for
Bart to wear um what else I got it oh
okay I had to get this because Donald
Duck is Bart favorite and we're gonna
start going to Disney then as soon as
Tyco is old enough and it was a cute
sweater and there's no way I was gonna
pass it up so huh now I'm just gonna
give it to him my mom's listing about
Christmas uh and then and then I got my
mom some Skippy super crunchy peanut
butter extra crunchy yeah you peanut
butter you're welcome you crunchy peanut
butter
she hates me right now huh
that's all they had I'm sorry is he
gonna go bad
excuse me uh hello hello hey can you
stop that please
nosey okay and then I got myself this
thing cuz I figured I could still use it
afterwards so it's like this cute little
like jumper overall type of thing just
long so I could wear this and I read so
oh there you go
there's a mistletoe so kiss me baby whoa
that's only four part and tyka and my
mom there's no one's that good kiss me
yeah so I got that for myself hopefully
it fits I hate trying on clothes so and
it couldn't just be leave Bart hanging I
had to get myself one too it's so cute
I'm gonna wear mine tomorrow are you
laughing at me in hiding but yeah so yay
we're gonna be that couple okay let's
see all right that's the end of this
hey fun I'm squatting and yes I know I
put my shoes on but it's all for the
sake of the vlog okay I didn't take my
shoes off inside the house but I just
wanted her father's and then I just got
myself some sweaters because I actually
surprisingly enough Target makes these
really soft sweaters so once I found it
again that they had it I couldn't pass
it up I got two of them and they're
really soft feel it cuz the other red
one I use it at night now when I'm like
being with tyka so that's the type of
sweater so I don't take that out anymore
but yeah that was what turned into all I
needed to buy was two sweaters turned
into almost $300 later perfect timing
Papa bear's back home because I was just
talking about my cops at Target and you
know what happens when I go to Target
right that's my mom you know what I
needed to buy it so I needed to buy a
sweater for you a sweater for me for
Christmas shoot because we're taking
December off after you didn't know that
what the hell you're the owner of the
company oh oh no this is ugly
you're not gonna want this one it
depends if it's specifically an ugly
Christmas sweater then yes this is
really ugly it's weird
anyway so you know what happens when I
go to Target right well I kind of did
all right you ready to see what it but
you ready to see what a buck okay don't
look okay so you know my red sweater
right oh good you could look I'm sorry I
don't know I said that you're on my red
sweater another one yeah
but cuz the other ones Tycho's you know
I only put it on for tyka yes I've
fought but like a similar one this one's
like an upgraded version okay cool
I know Target shut up so I got another
one in gray
okay so I got him I got two colors right
and then okay so here hold this is what
I want to wear no they're like overall
yeah was overalls so it's like a
mistletoe stand they gotta kiss me okay
I'm gonna kid it has velcro on the front
hold on eze velcro on the Front's I
could just take it off from my chest and
hold it over my head
look promote the mistletoe in the
front-- in the front-- in the front-- no
mistletoe is not for getting freaky yeah
yeah yeah you dropped it come on
no whoo right there right they see it
there you go God dang it
leave it to a side messed things up
alright hold on hold on hold on hold on
no plant so then I got you this one yes
I got it for you so that you can wear it
when we start going at Disneyland but
look at the size I like Mickey Mouse I
do but then after you pointed out how
cute his voice is I like that's funny
but thank you
then we got that no they didn't have it
look so hard
so then this is your ugly sweater that's
a Gucci you know the one I really wanted
to get that wasn't gonna come in time it
was Will Smith on the cover on the cover
what the and then I got this you know
tyka always likes to spit out his thing
so now the little the little animals
attached to it like that so if he spits
it out it'll just land on him and it
stops and then he has something to play
with as he's sucking on something yeah
it's super cute and then this is all for
his learning and chewing cuz if he
starts eating same thing with this guy's
it's different textures and patterns and
sounds for him to learn just and
stimulating his mom everything's planned
like even that use even the ears have
like texture and that's true right well
this isn't yours okay don't get this
she's like I'm gonna chew that up okay
so I got just four take this so he could
wear it right away did you see a little
bear pocket it is getting colder yeah
this is the bucket it's a little vest
cuz he gets hot so he can't have a full
jacket all right and then this is just
so he looks more presentable for
Christmas I will throw some more red and
stuff on there later this is the first
time I've ever bought clothes you know
that these are my first items okay and
then of course you can't pass up a good
tiger yeah
here's a little tired of it another
night my weights tell me something and
that's it I bought yes you can't go you
know I just got home - no she's got a
train - that's a first Exorcist
experience it's not Exorcist
oh my god what happened thank you for
gravity camera first what all I'm gonna
crack up
Oh head watch his head yay I'll just
take it off you don't want to lay him
down like that oh no no no no you'd want
to leave town like get him get him papa
huh you feel him down like that he just
rolled over well on that delightful
parity note um yeah thank you guys so
much for watching I hope you guys had a
wonderful day the same way I had a
wonderful day
yes and I'll see you guys tomorrow bye
you said bye
