what a beautiful people you're the hot
day at barbell we don't have easy it's a
warehouse it literally is a warehouse
gym with like little to no ventilation
all the artisans huge industrial fans on
that we turn on from opposite ends of
the
the bay doors but it's still not enough
to fuckin circuit it in the room and
keep it all cool and fresh luxurious for
us so the good excuse for me to get
naked in the gym something I've never
did before
I'm in the middle of a cut so you know
I'm knitting in a little bit so I have a
little bit more confident to do this but
honestly our gym is so cool and nobody
gives a fuck all naked yardage of songs
you're putting out heavyweight it was a
great workout
I opened up my workout with competition
squad 3x3 and Edison at 205 by three
today for some reason felt super duper
heavy I don't know what's going on after
different theories from other team o
listeners I talked about well you know
when you your hormones are hot filaments
you tend to feel a little bit more
weaker or fatigued than if you're on
your period you are fatigued but some
shit about hormones and this and that
and I'm just like what but I just think
that I suspect been sleeping enough and
I'm on a cut so
only consuming about 170 grams of carbs
right now which is pretty crazy because
I'm currently sitting at 148 in my body
weight and I'm applying to love it I
didn't feel like I think I step out of
the hole and I don't believe you I feel
fine but I didn't drop the weight I kept
it out to apply 3 by 3 then it didn't
I'm sandy Maxx with 215 that fella Ryan
Smith sick component the table what can
you do but move up and try it again so I
just left it at that and I did an
overload at 2:45 ended it with God that
felt really good
that condition possible and that's a
positive which is my
really pausing anywhere but I'm at last
that 3x5 I think I was trying to stick
it a little bit harder pausing it and
then hitting the squat so you be the
judge tell me if I didn't or not tell me
anyway then be bench with 50 pound
chains on each side that felt pretty
good I fell a little too confident so I
did 85 with an additional 15 change
50-pound shades on each side and that
actually felt heavier than it needed to
feel someone would have been tempted
into speeding up for my max then it
dropped it down to 75 pounds and I felt
like I could've caused both the closures
a lot faster it gave me somewhat of a
chance we didn't give me enough of a
chance to where I'm grinding something
else then and listen to what should have
been both beyond deserts which is I
don't know I just learned this movement
bark went to a seminar heard about it
heard about it they were for building up
the hamstrings but I just didn't feel
any cooled in my hamstrings so far was
like no I forget the cloak way off just
do deficit deadlift sidekicks at 185 I
felt somewhat of a challenge I did about
this so I started feeling a little more
strain on my back but because I wanted
to my body I was like wait I shouldn't
go
even though they are
my back is starting to feel like it's
using some sort of tension so I just
said oxygen a negative and I'll see you
anything further
then I close it out with some th bar
with some fan assistance and that always
posted on my handy smile duty if I hit
that three by a and you crazy there
I feel like eventually I should be not
easy
but good practice I guess it'd be fun
I'll be able to do that then I closed it
out with five sets of sled which are
always always function no and I hate it
but honestly they got a little bit
faster for me because the weeks prior to
today on my second set I was just dying
huffing and puffing and I wanted to just
funky kill bar for programming this for
me but today I actually went to my third
and that I was huffing and puffing and
then thinking of course oh I am getting
a little bit better so maybe next week
I'll be able to do five easy-peasy maybe
edit Edition ten twenty pounds who knows
but guys never figure out it was a
puzzle talked about until next time oh
by the way check it out out for you guys
so many nothing is keep asking for this
cousin way to find Alise we delivered I
actually meant to put this on before I
recorded the video but I was so inspired
and motivated to talk to you guys and I
forgot to put it on so go ahead
available now
rakia where it was pride let everybody
knows that you fucking dominate at home
until next time for real this time
like my farm is grooving all the time
like I'm fucking dancing I'm like that
that error machine that they put out the
car like at the car lot so that they can
get your attention that's what I look
like when I benched
then I went to
