hey what up beautiful people said today
is another beautiful day um kind of
gloomy in LA but I have a little bit of
an update so the past video is he has
has been taint I've been watching me
train and talk about competing in
September so and that's for us PA on but
when I spoke to the founder Steve
Dennison he actually mentioned that that
meat is actually getting pushed back a
week in September so that kind of messes
up my plans because I was planning on
going to Hawaii um the week that now
they changed the meat too so I found
another meat that I'm going to do in
August with everyone else I was very
good at the pepper we moved it up a
couple weeks on so instead of it being
September the first week in September
now we're doing a different meeting and
I'm I'm no longer in San Diego we're
doing a different media in Anaheim and
that one's actually august twenty
seconds so we kinda have to speed up our
programming and Bart came up with a new
program so that's like you guys are
watching now I opened up my workout set
at a high bar asked grass squat three by
five and I thought I could do it at 185
because that for me is like an arky five
or six it's actually pretty light but
that's me doing it with low bar and
about so I drop it down to 135 and I do
it three by five because I'm to actually
just trying to work on speed and I never
knew high bar so it's mainly speed and
warm checking it's basically what I'm
doing today was dominantly bench and
upper body day so I moved on to
competition bench three by three I did
that at 95 and it felt solid but it just
didn't feel fast the parts like hey you
know what why don't you just move it
back to your regular grip keep the same
mechanics that you learned when you
switched it out to the mark bell grip
which she told you to go wider so this
was my last set 95 and it flew right up
it was absolutely amazing the bar tops
changed my you know my positioning my
back change everything changed because I
just switched my grip so I kind of kept
that mechanics as Bart was talking about
and I just moved my grip back to what
I'm used to my normal grip and it's full
write-ups I think I finally finally
successfully found my grip so that was a
super plus for me today and then I just
had my one rep max at 105 with a
semi-new grip with a new mechanic same
grip and that actually flew up to to my
surprise at 105 and it felt really
fucking good so I'm super excited my
bench is finally going up and then I
moved to overload and I think that was
banned at two by three and it pulls it
out at 115 and
without 30 Boston fast and I'm just
super excited I i was like thinking do I
should add you know at least five more
pounds to this but I'm like forget it I
don't want to fill it and then
completely fuck up this high like my
body is telling me hey you kind of
struggled a little bit let's just keep
it where we're at so I'm glad I listened
to my body what's going on right now
hope everyone's alright and then I moved
its a 2 inch above trash bin pressed on
and that's actually gonna help me the
most because at the top especially when
I'm down here I don't know why I said
what's up but when I'm down by my chest
I don't know how to stay tight for long
periods of time so what is the pattern
use as soon as I bring it down I don't
know if I'm trying to breathe or what
happens but I kind of lose tightness
then I get tight again and then I try to
press it but um for all of you guys that
know how to bench you know how fucking
stupid that is because you lose all
strength at the bottom if you do that so
um the 2 inch off the chest pin press is
actually helping me maintain that
tightness because I start from the
bottom position so that felt really good
then I moved into close grip which used
to be my strongest with um but now it's
actually just there it's nothing I've
actually trained my body to feel better
at a normal grip and I don't look
fucking ridiculous with like my farm is
screwing all the time like I'm fucking
dancing I'm like that that air machine
that they put at the car like at the car
lot so that they can get your attention
that's what I look like when i benched
was like move
then I went to overhead lat pulldown
felt really good to that 90 always
admire my back cuz I never get to see my
back so anytime I can fill my back I'm
gonna film it cuz I'm just like dude
seriously my back was so bony you could
see the ribs you could see my spine it
was just horrendous I had zero muscle
back there so now when I see my back I'm
just like dude lifting has changed my
life I look like a capable person now
ladies get into lifting your body is
gonna fucking look amazing not to try to
toot my own horn but honesty where I was
to where I am now world of a difference
and I wouldn't change it for the world
then I did a superset of tape presses as
you can see here it's an interesting
movement on its it's for your triceps
and then I did curls three by eight
again super setting that and then I
closed it out with the sled if you can
even see it cuz stero decided to just
kind of put his ass in my shot so
everyone go ahead and thanks arrow on
visit him on Instagram at Cerro serr Oh
PA RK Sarah park and tell him yo we're
trying to see GE oh man not your booty
unless you like his booty then just
compliment him on his booty but if you
also want to say what's up to me I'm
always on Instagram go ahead and follow
me at gog EO underscore antoinette en
toi EDT te
get on with the fuck I'm talking about
so until next time y'all thank you
falling my progress who's like seriously
I love you guys but do yourself a favor
and stop giving out advice because you
ultimately sound stupid so I'm just
saying that from the bottom of my heart
I want to see nothing but the best for
you guys so please take these words of
wisdom of mine put them in a pocket
