good morning people since today's
Thursday
a Thursday means shaky a news day and JP
news day means stay in a box for hours
and just talk with your friends and have
a really good time but it also means you
need a lot of fucking caffeine to keep
the energy up so I'm on my way to the
7-eleven oh my god 7-elevens popping
right now okay I'll do this maybe I am
dumb because I won't be able to get out
all right in the JK office now about to
shoot JK and check it out everyone this
is like the chillest everyone gets cuz
one we all probably fell asleep I got
two or four in the morning and two we
all probably woke up at 7 in the morning
so we're just trying to like preserve
energy before we have to shoot for like
40 hours today and talk for 40 hours I
don't know I don't do math okay
everybody I was like I'm not Asian I'm
Mexican soy lucky now okay I get
dominated
he's Spanish he wishes because I quit
other I'm Spanish not really thinking
well and Spanish
you notice I'm thinking there's like
Mexicans that are like Mexicans so
there's Mexicans that I like Spanish
there's no such thing as Mexicans that
are Mexican this is like 10 Mexicans and
there's all Mexican Mexican yes what do
you what some look like Spanish I think
you're a little more Spanish he's going
off the the visual theory yeah just like
a white guy just like a white guy to say
shit like that Hotel Rwanda he's not
even white by the way she got way too
real just finished the first half of JK
news Julia did an awesome job
how many did you have to remember eyes
usually 20 but today we only got through
17 cuz one of the topics was super long
yeah so whenever you hear her stutter or
she says something wrong don't give her
any bullshit cuz one the articles are
always fucked up she looks up like seven
different articles and then they all see
seven different things and keep in mind
that she's the only one that's
memorizing like 20 of these topics so
take it easy I am trying to take a lot
more thorough notes though she's nice
how was your JK news experience was my
best day of the trip so far you blend
right into the wall it was it fun are
you ready
no I guess I'm used to the stuff oh you
guys will won't tell me to my face but
once I leave here you'll help if I
stopped or not yeah yeah for sure stay
tuned to what I thought of you his
performance
I also discovered that either there not
to read for shit rules I did okay I got
nervous okay
no I'm kidding it really is
nerve-wracking I've actually sat in that
seat a couple times and then I have to
wait for her to click on the box to tell
me what I got to read and I'm just like
I don't want to fuck it up sighs like
the first few seconds yeah we're we uh
we are at the JK office right now we
just finished filming here's the top see
so this is how we look and then so this
is see when I click on it this is what
you would have to read you know it's
fucking appalling and it's super tiny
that yeah I know that's the setup okay
just finish
just kidding news and check it out how
sad is this my whole day is gone but
honesty's not even it's not even that
sad it's actually um
really cool because what other job you
get to sit roundtable style and talk to
your friends and share your views
thoughts opinions morals and everything
with them and bounce ideas back and
forth um yeah that's a fucking sweet job
if you ask me so I'm super blessed that
I get to have these moments and get to
record them and the fact that you guys
enjoy them like what more can I ask for
like that is fucking amazing and I feel
so honored and so privileged to have the
life that I do right now I think we're
gonna spend like another 30 minutes
trying to figure out what we're gonna
eat
let me see your teeth this is my
favorite part about it open your mouth
no that's weird
no like why that's a girl's pants I'm
like dad my girl's bad but you close his
eyes and he fucking start he he's
fabulous like he starts bugging me no
he's not feathers he's Latino know what
I'll do with you
what do in advance I'm talking about
well you saw it right it's all into it
like
that's recording alright TIFF went to
how this happened
so we just found out that we will have
to be redoing we don't know what
happened to him we it was like 8:30 we
were all happy talking about it's gonna
be dinnertime what are we gonna cut to 9
p.m. all focus what guys you guys have
to film three new one so that's fucking
what happened singing another hour
pretty much fuck it all happy everyone
is alright just finished having dinner
long crazy night what time is it right
now oh shit it's almost 12:00 so you
guys saw me when I left my house this
morning and now you guys are seeing me
come back to my house at 12:00 I haven't
been home all day been working but
wouldn't trade it for the world
I got tuck me in so until next time
y'all until next vlog y'all face JDK
party today I even lost my voice right
now I'm just yelling so much Julia ended
up smacking Tommy in the face we all
hate each other Joe was on the losing
team shut the fuck off
