hey whats up beautiful people so today
is actually a beautiful day in LA but
what is that right um beautiful day in
LA but not so beautiful for me for some
odd reason I think I might know what it
is but I woke up hella emotional and
hella I'm not from the bay area by the
way but I have a lot of area friends and
I love the word hella so shout out some
of a people who invented the word how
look cuz i love it but um hella hella
hella yeah but was I saying oh yes I
woke up kind of emotional and I think I
want attributed to the fact that I'm
being hella hormonal because sorry this
gonna be the second video I thought
about this but I feel like because I'm
going to start my period and for you
gentlemen out there that don't know what
fuck is going on when your girlfriend is
just flipping out of nowhere if she gets
happy she starts crying um you're like
whoa what happened or if she just is
really super sensitive like more than
usual then it's probably because she's
right about to start her period because
our our homeowner are that our hormones
get all crazy and rolled up and and
we're like super sensitive like even our
skin feel sensitive and I bought it just
get all fucked up so as soon as you feel
your girls flipping out for no reason
don't be offensive don't ask like here
are you about to start you can depending
on the relationship you have with your
girlfriend you could be like hey honey
um you're kind of being a little bit
more sensitive right now on are you do
you think you're about to start your
period but if you say are you going to
be on your period it comes off super
offensive just some more g wisdom
alright so today I did touch and go
bench I opened it up at 90 pounds I did
one set of three been moved up to two
shots of three at 95 that felt pretty
cool because I switched that my group
yet once again I initially started Close
Grip moved that's normal grip and now
I'm going a little bit wider thanks to
the recommendation of Mark Bell he's
like dude you fucking long you have
awesome leverages this year's those
leverages to our advantage whiten up
your grip so I have my pinky on the ring
finger now on and it feels pretty good I
moved at my bar path now it's like right
by my boob is I know you don't see them
right now but they're there trust me
sports bras smashed and more than they
already are so they look even literal
little or alert literal alert yes did
that feel really good then leg up close
bench close grip and that always feels
amazing because it's my clothes grip is
my baked and this is nothing mark bell
said usually for tall people we like to
feel more secure and we'd like to build
a lot tighter so we tend to bring our
elbow into our lat muscle just so we
feel like we're like this tight little
ball and that's not necessarily the most
advantageous position so he's like
change that shit put it out
wound up your grip and I know a lot of
you guys see you guys are like Oh your
bitches hideous but little do you know
your fucking dumb and you shouldn't be
giving advice so cut that shit out if
you're not a fukin pro and your numbers
are not out of this world do yourself a
favor and like seriously I love you guys
but do yourself a favor and stop giving
out advice because you ultimately sound
stupid so I'm just saying that from the
bottom of my heart I want to see nothing
but the best for you guys so please take
these words of wisdom of mine put them
in a pocket carry them with you right by
your heart your heart pocket okay put
them in your pocket leave them there
trust me i love you guys i want people
to love you the way i love you anyway
move it on and then i moved on to
incline dumbbell instead of doing 10 by
10 with a one minute rest i moved in to
5 by 10 which file a little bit lighter
cuz i wasn't so fatigued by my fifth set
so i was able to increase my weights and
it gives 30 pounds bye-bye pen and that
felt really fucking cool i really like
it now since mark bell was able to point
out so many muscles that i should be
feeling or just the way it's supposed to
feel and like the work that i'm supposed
to be putting in now i feel every single
muscle putting in work and i'm really
happy because i feel like ah most of my
connection now it's actually really
connecting with me and it feels really
good so i'm really feeling confident
about where my ventures going now where
before I was like bitch fucking forget
it I'm
then I went to underhand lat pulldowns
that always feels good because i suck at
pull-ups and I'm out the best up pull
ups and my back is weak my lats are weak
and everything on my upper body is a
week looking to 90 pounds did that felt
amazing then I edit it with my 21 and it
just did one set of those opposed to
three sets that I'll do not speak so did
one set of 21 and again got7 halfway
from the bottom up I don't know what
it's called i guess biceps I don't know
halfway from the bottom up the other
half from the top to the path and then
the last set of seven is the full range
of motion so for all of you
mathematicians out there that's where we
get 21 from cuz it 777 so it's seven
times three but what there you go do it
you guys are like my therapy like just
talking to you guys and letting you guys
know that I was super emotional today it
actually relieved some of that emotional
stress that I was carrying like I
literally felt like crying guys and the
fact that you guys are listening to me
right now you felt really fuck good and
I want to make you guys proud because
never forget I know what the fuck I'm
talking about I am just showing you guys
my progress so thank you so much for
always supporting me always loving me um
and I will try my very best for all of
you guys out there until next time y'all
hey not kissing this shit this time all
right i'll ii
you
hey whats up beautiful people so today
it's a beautiful beautiful beautiful
Monday this past weekend I actually
spent it with Mark Bell and sunlight and
I was super fucking motivated and how
humble how hard-working
