hey what's up beautiful people so I just
got home took a quick shower picked up
all my crap that I can shoot for a JK
party and now I'm heading back to the
office but I always record my workouts
if you guys are ever curious or
interested in what that looks like
I'm uploading a new video every
Wednesday of just working out but then
for my vlogs I will be uploading every
Monday and Friday so you guys have a
little something look forward to I'm
assuming of course but you know what
they say about people that assume your
motherfuckin is yeah so this is me no
makeup looking like the dead guy I look
a lot older without makeup but let me
get to the office and put my face on and
watch nothing changes
alright just got to the office literally
just got to the office and I think the
only person that here is Brandon because
he actually worked out with me this
morning and I don't think he went home
to change let's see what he's up to
oh I think he's taking a shit balm air
is just what I have to do to ensure that
I have a good setup so that I could put
my makeup on struggle is real
before after we just played two
different games already we're moving
into the third one everyone already
changed we got our asses beat you guys
have to wait and see what it is that we
did there's Isaac what up Isaac
there's Josh whom I don't hate by the
way you guys have to stop saying that
because we don't bully him it's just fun
banter you guys have never had fun
banter with your own friends and you
guys don't have girlfriends at all cuz
think about it if we were bullying Josh
wouldn't he just quit and not ever come
back to JK come on dude come on Josh
Josh I paid you a lot of money to say
this yeah so what do we do we bull you
know see there you heard it thanks Josh
just finished recording the finest JK
party today I even lost my voice right
now I'm just yelling so much Julia ended
up smacking Tommy in the face it was
fucking awesome we all hate each other
jo was on the losing team shut the fuck
up spoken like a true loser tip was on
our winning team Isaac was a supporting
Tommy got slapped in the face right
there sean is a killing it killing the
game Josh next time next time well but
you were killing it when it was with all
like the little dances and my theme
songs I wouldn't have never guessed that
still hate you it's Brandon he'll win
the game look it up we're running very
smoothly today Karl it's a bike day
cameraman by night Casey the sore loser
what's tomorrow leader swords
he was giving me death stare across the
room cuz he sat over here and then our
team was over here and he was just
hating hard that's what happens when
you're a sore loser
all right
we wrapped and uh I kind of delayed on
shooting it but this is the aftermath of
one we shoot any party it's our office
it's like shit check out my desk it has
like all these props and everything on
it like it's seriously not a desk
anymore look so dirty dude so dirty
what why do I have penny why why what
crazy
this is such a rush site you guys have
no idea once we go into the JK office
seriously it's like going into a Vegas
casino cuz there's no windows there's no
sense of time so we can go in and it's
sunny and then when we come out it's
pitch black and it's nighttime we're
like what would happen and you kind of
have like this sense of like depression
a little bit like your whole life escape
you even though we are being very
productive and this is our livelihood
and this is our job and this is our
career you kind of feel like oh we're
doing my day ago or maybe it's just me
because I really enjoy the Sun I really
enjoy nature I really enjoy like the
clouds and the sky and the color and
everything so every time I walk out and
there's still Sun I'm like so happy
and there goes Michael motorcycle by
Michael oh he panicked
you guys have such a very different way
of logging and Joe is all like how you
feeling Brendan we're like I ever booth
because we were editing until like 1:00
or 2:00 last night and then you will go
bad cuz he lives like 40 miles away from
a barbell right tree nut bar about gaben
his heart soul gave me the best liftoffs
ever I PR because of his good thoughts
he's done it whenever that that's why
but I really think so no more gave me
was not good at all
and then so right I don't want to talk
about heat-shrink know you might think
it wasn't even food organized I got it
yeah and then we started prepping all
more taking pews and what he does
actually he not only edit but he also
like because all the cavalry and he's
basically directs it for us too so
I don't know everyone's always asking a
million questions a brand we shouldn't
do that but he's always just like really
nice and he's just like I don't know
what you guys yeah and ladies sing Ocean
Beach Oh Gina Gina
