hey what up guys I just got back from
the gym and I didn't even get to finish
my workout because I have asked the
feels today and uh called time for that
is at 1:00 I believe and it's already 12
so I'm kind of already running late um
so I put jump in the shower I get ready
and yeah watch check out what fine it is
fine
go outside and now she's outside
Tyson Ricky that's pretty you bit cutie
all right so just on shower now heading
to JK office what's really cool about
where I currently live I'm only like
seven minutes away and that's like on a
bad day so I'm pretty freakin lucky not
late I'm actually going to be like about
20 minutes early but I really hate being
on time the place is click the like dude
you're late so
um didn't have time to really do my hair
my hair is naturally wavy I'm going to
sing curly so people with curly hair I
don't have curly hair it's just wavy
this is my natural hair and I've yet to
learn to love it there's only one
hairstyle that I really like having wavy
hair that would like when the whole side
was kind of a buzz cut like it was
already growing back at this point after
my side I'm glad that I had subscribe
back side chop it all off instead of
just really short this I was really long
and it looks really cute I know I
probably lost all my voyeurs right now
alright married to the office for
shooting osterfeld setup is a little bit
different than J can use instead three
tables we have two tables I'm still
stuck next to this monster middle
ahahahaha no baby how does he was that
Oh was that a French writer fellow my
fault
it was part of my burger and fell on
your phone yeah it's right what was
right she does it to you oh my god I was
just reading one of them
Joe's got the fucking craziest t-shirts
I've ever seen I love you this is not a
t-shirt but now this is a boy
respectable gentleman's sailors where
did you get this from I got this
hey so my dad has that I know it's a dad
shirt but you know what I get shirts
that are just to see all we did it's a
cool see I get the cuts of street wear
what I have
fashion sense and taste of a 50 year old
southern white man but you know what's
crazy so he looks good up here right but
look at these busted ass business our
top party on the bottom know what
actually imagine is you're supposed to
wear stuff like this to go sailing with
a good mic business at the bottom he's
the opposite yeah yeah fuck about it oh
my God look at suck but no one sees that
no one sees that all the key is it we go
to Dan I forgot some fresh eyes pics
secrets Matt soy two secrets of the fake
I see it on the back I feel my way keep
walking keep walking
yeah nobody lose it I'm fresh is that
new vintage look yeah this is Joe shirt
look at that so Stevie it's been so
sleazy
so polka-dotty with the bomb bombs
oh the hundreds this whole ball tonight
my god tires are still cute I'm gonna
forget how father I am Bart has these uh
salmon and bass she calling me all day
he's got old man tastes tan bottom this
one oh you got old man pace wardrobe
head
age just have to see what Joe's crazy
ass is wearing I'll wait for him here
wardo oh shit you fucking scare the fuck
out of me ha ha yeah just wrapped our
first half of half the fields and it's
always so cool to me shooting these type
of things just because um you guys
submit your questions at WWSD feels calm
and you guys like just go all out like
you guys no holds bar you guys ask and
you go there and you're very curious and
you want to know about everything and I
think it's awesome because then it
forces us to really tap into that part
of our brain that we don't normally
share with each other because I don't
want to know about like Julia's oxide
for tips like cyber where Joe's sex life
but then because we're you know doing
the show then we get to hear about it
and it's very interesting and you guys
really make me think like what would I
do or what have I done that in that
situation or have I never been there
before
um and it's a lot of fun I really get to
learn a lot about myself I get to learn
a lot of a lot about my friends and I'm
just so fortunate that you guys love the
channel as much as I because I know I
have a lot of fun filming it for you
guys guys have a lot of fun watching it
say some really self incriminating
things because I'm not kidding you after
every time we brought one of these
sessions we look at each other and we're
like alright well that's that we know
that about each other now and we get a
little bit closer so you guys are not
only teaching us a lot about ourselves
but you guys are making our bonds a lot
stronger for that you guys are good mob
look macros life vivid
opened up when you see a scale you know
you oughta mcenroe dude all right all
done with my meal you know how people
really like to show you like what they
just finished eating well I have a
better idea
Bart where can they see the picture that
you took of the meal that you just had
no work on Instagram which is I can't
see it on this yeah you can see it on
Instagram just go to Marva home ocean so
just go to Bart Kuan then go check out
his picture that he posted I don't know
like everyone else you see and a free
promotion thank God is that Tommy
I'm not going to show people whoa yeah
I'm going to show that we can save work
in DB cheers Tom teetering Julia where
can they where can you be reached
at X blue apples with the Ven
Joe I'm not gonna I'm not gonna resist
this one bit
go on my mr. Joe underscored overdose
Joe underscored overdose and you can see
all the pictures please come to my
Instagram he's not as stupid like Bart I
just killed the whole vibe I was trying
to make it an organic plug year even
like slightly fabricated a couple things
but this motherfucker put me on blast
map don't follow him in fact if you
follow him right now go and unfollow and
then hit us all up hit mommy Julia Joe
up and say hey I just unfollowed for it
and we're gonna like love that shit let
us go alright we're about to start
session dos de los vlogs pero esta vez
tenemos a my Amiga esta chica what up
chica está loca biblioteca an Arrancar
Monica a federal whoop-ass e mamacita e
no telefono e pendejo who the madre
pantalones Yavin Cecil español muy bien
y muy Clara meant a para nós veo no
Senora Tita Chico's oh and if you didn't
know yeah I am fluent in English I'm
gonna beat him so now we're rapped and I
be Jo heels and IP channel shit I beat
him Gina Gina how was it it was
wonderful yeah I got the thumbnail and I
beat Joe I don't even have a blog phone
no that's weird okay well it is actually
now a line 11 girl let him out you're my
p.m. on ask the feels we started at what
time we started at
one o'clock one o'clock we start I want
to plot one o'clock okay no an hour
session fuck it whatever this number was
right Oh imma get a boat okay I finished
my outro gum and you know it takes about
eight hours for us to film two hour
break and that's how we build twice a
month and get you guys so many questions
answered and you guys notice that we
fucking got 500 plus questions and we've
got pic eighty of them and we do all of
them like this like this like this like
at these like this nice and like a DS so
you guys asked for the behind the scenes
of ask appeals and that's why I'm giving
it to you because you guys asked hear
hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear
hear hear hear hear hear hear your point
over here - can you put them on here
double grande a smartass and I got that
shot on the camera yes
okay bye alright guys finally home in my
bed got my PJs on my awesome PJs got the
AC running and I think I'm gonna do a
little bit of work
I'm going to go to sleep
pretty fucking exhausted these talk
shows are mentally exhausting don't get
me wrong there are a lot of fun I get to
learn a lot it's a way of connecting
with you guys a little bit better but
because we're talking for so many hours
and we're trying to keep the energy
level up and we're trying to just wrack
our brain to constantly like provide you
with the most entertaining and
insightful answers as possible and
honest answers and there's only four
people four brains on the table so doing
that for about like six to eight hours
it definitely tight it definitely takes
a toll on you mentally but luckily we
only have to shoot this like once or
twice every month so it's not a big deal
but yeah after every ask the Fila shoot
I am like dead but yeah thank you so
much for watching until next time y'all
I don't know what the fuck I just saw I
don't even know why I clicked on that or
walked around I knew it was gonna be
something nasty us girls we never do
shit like that we're never sitting down
to be like yo check it out look I'm a
bird
