hey what's up beautiful people so today
it's a beautiful beautiful beautiful
Monday this past weekend I actually
spent it with Mark Bell and sunlight and
I was super fucking motivated at how
humble how hard-working how gene is
these guys are and all they wanted to do
was treat us right help us out in any
way that they could and just be super
hospitable and I'm forever grateful and
super humbled that they took the time
and actually showed interest and stupid
all me and stupid ol bar so today I open
up my squats at three by three which is
the first change up in my program in the
past three weeks because I'm just been
doing 5x5 and like an 80% so today
because of Mark balance and Mike I was
super motivated and I opened up with 185
up to 195 and close it out at 2:15 by
3:00 and it felt really fucking good so
I just did an overload at 225 but those
fucking bands didn't give shit and
honestly in my heart of hearts which is
probably not true but I don't give a
shit if you're gonna help me increase my
weight but in my heart of hearts I felt
like those red bands didn't do anything
so I did 225 by 3 fine I'll just say I
had a minor assist but mentally even if
even if it didn't help or if it did help
whatever mentally I felt like I was very
very capable I didn't feel shaky or
scared of the weights at all which I
normally am so that's all really good
then I moved into high bar squads but
normally I've been doing 10 by 10 with
the one-minute rest but today another
change of in my program it was 5 by 10
with some 1 minute rest and I think I
kind of fucked up because I should have
done it at 35 but last week
not doing felt and I'm doing a high bar
which is the complete opposite of how I
train my lower back was feeling like he
was about to injure itself so I kinda
listened to my body last week and I said
hey you know what I'm just gonna tone it
down bring it back down to 95 pounds and
with that pacing I felt that this
morning and I said hey you know what let
me just start off slow because in my
hand I fucked up I did pay attention to
my program I thought I was doing 10 by
10 again so I opened it up at 95 pounds
and I set off just because it feels
really right but then I looked at my
program and it was five by ten so I
fucked up
so for next week I'm already gonna
refill what I need to put in now I'm
gonna start out 35 or 115 so I'm not
sandbagging it and then I move this to
two second pause speed bench and again I
fucked up so I don't look at the program
properly it was mostly orange bands
instead of the red bands that you see
right here and I was so surprised I'm
like dude why'd they just do the bar
last week it's 45 pounds like why do
they just do the bar this feels so easy
right now and honestly after working
with Mark Ballas and see like a fuckin
crazy bench specialist I figured that's
huge to dissect and look at my form and
fix it for me and he actually
recommended that I go wider on my grip
and that I lose the arch in my back so I
did that today and I figured oh shit
this is what I'm supposed to be when I
benched so that's why it feels really
really really really really like then
every time I program again and I was
doing the wrong band but whatever
it helps us the confidence now I know
better for next week I should be
increasing my weight and then I moved
into fifth leg deadlift
nothing too crazy it was just two by
eight when last week is four by eight so
I closed it out at 155 where last week I
think I only ended at 135 so that's
progress
how could I didn't use any fell or any
sort of assistance feeling like my
strength is actually progressively
growing week by week so again this
consistency shit and who knew and I just
closed out my workout with an easier leg
extension at 35 pounds one set of 20
when last week it was 2 3 sets of 20 so
I see what are you doing here Bart the
guy that's programming it my coach my
boyfriend my soul mate my life partner I
see what he's doing
Cermak strong years so yeah I'm looking
forward to my results in August but
honestly now every week every week to
week I'm really excited to see where my
thing's gonna be but don't you ever
forget I don't know what the fuck I'm
talking about I'm only here to show you
my progress and I'll play some shit
weights for you who knows if it does
cool bonus if it doesn't well thank you
so much for the support love you guys
forever and have a beautiful this piece
today's workout was actually an easy
hard set for me I don't know what he's
doing over here but it's really
distracting there's a book that won't
come home oh ok so the easy part was the
first half of my workout which consisted
of speed squats in
