good morning so Bart made me some of his
how do you present it today
I cook breakfast and it's really hot and
it's my world-famous specialty breakfast
of famous form and it's right here
cocoa pebbles with milk
again the camera is pointing straight up
it won't - yeah there it is
and why wisely cocoa pebbles and uh um
Cocoa Krispies because I always buy
cocoa pebbles not really thinking so as
you can see here proof they always buy
Cocoa Krispies but or never eat it he
only eats this one why is it one versus
the other
I like both but if you are connoisseur
of cereal then you would go for cocoa
pebbles because it more delicious oh
well I've eaten both and I think that
the cocoa pebbles is a little bit um
like harder and texture when it's dry so
it takes a lot longer for it to get
soggy one and it tastes a little bit
more chocolate a year and I know I don't
like chocolate but when it comes to
cocoa pebbles I do enjoy that little
chocolate milk at that like I said if
you're a connoisseur of cereal you
all right this is a rag - a demon is
underwear there it is there it is boy hi
big as my face
nobody knows with my jammies no but were
your calves you very much
oh we're the calves all right the homies
saw the mic is here pan it I can't
really talk right now what screw you
have a mechanism on your camera I do
it's a anti-gravity yeah it's a gimbal
and it prevents it my footage from a
shaking balls it's like it's super
smooth
see that face your stupid face right
here I call him stupid face because
clearly has a stupid looking face and
we're about to film some barbell talk
show let me turn it on so you guys could
get the full effect what I'm talking
about our little makeshift studio in my
house um nads is the is the mastermind
who plans and setups all the lighting
and all the camera and today's actually
going to be pretty fun because we have
guests and normally we don't have guests
it's usually blue myself and Alex but
Mike is a funny mouth oh and I can't
wait for you guys to meet him um I get a
little better introduction of him just
cuz he's awesome he's very knowledgeable
and down he brings us like Italian New
York vibe to it even though he's from
either one of those places all right
what do you what are you doing what is
this and and why why is that crazy to me
this is mr. Kelly Starrett this loss of
boob and Roy Thinnes it is I strapped
all my quads ease and then I found this
dog toy what's the dog's name Alex ooh
that was just on top Alex uh that base
Alex er no no stupid face no stupid face
stupid face and flat face yeah and then
you just bang get some work done
and it's pretty fucking crazy because
it's literally a rubber band that's like
pressing down on your muscles but also
ripping your skin off and pushing the
blood in the opposite direction it's the
worst pain you'll ever feel so the fact
that he's rolling over it and he's
keeping it for this long either means a
sandbag did when he was rolling it and
it doesn't really hurt that much or B
he's just amazing I'm going with C bomb
no no it's pretty tight you can see tha
the impressive no since you haven't
fallen it's white skin yeah that's pale
military sorry about that guys but I'll
shave you till next time just finish the
first session of the barbell VJ talk
show with sound like it was super cool
super funny the energy is awesome I will
go ahead and put the link to the video
once they come out and I'll put it here
so as of right now it's not Alec so
there's no link but as soon as there is
there is one it's gonna be red right
here really yeah yeah I started
something there's everybody saw guys a
big dick so I started walking around
every guy had like a super small dicks
at the white people everyone used to
wear who were what what no they're like
what is this city where the whole mine
cut oh whoa you tell salad Mike about
the guy with the big dick
the at the soiree at the spa it is like
dicks signs of life all other men take
sides right like people's faces your
small decided in the big dick diver but
then there's always those guys that I
catch you off heart - fuck the page and
this is dude his dick was looking like
this right so he just comes walking out
are you making I'm making - he just
comes walking up with his dick swinging
and I'm like fuck that's fucking big but
this is my new when it was really big he
turned around to look at the mirror and
you can see it for me I've never seen
that before you see whatever happens
it's like the quads like it Rick wasn't
really big and you can see it from the
back you can see yeah what do that small
block what if it was an average dick
with small fines no it was it was like
God like this but just in eeeh hey you
know what's weird as Missa tee what's
our ethnicity you look like little
Eastern or not okay
oh yeah my Afghani owe me one night skin
black I hung like a camel nobody knows
that ball did you see one of those guys
well there's a big man I don't know I
think it's like your contents goes in
but my weight gets smaller
hey hey but from a female perspective
honestly big size doesn't matter
obviously we don't want to just make us
feel good in it out we don't need this
shit shut up no we definitely don't want
enough cuz it just doesn't do anything
but we don't want we don't like this
like this is my shit
I feel better about himself but we
definitely don't want a water bottle if
I were to seek so let's say I'm dating
the guy Bart was just talking about and
he turns her on and I can still see his
dick not even hard um then I'd be really
scared I'd like dude not down not trying
to do that that shit's painful so why do
guys a big dick they let you know
there's I think like Nike they whip it
out no matter what other weird guys
with a second time this guy also has a
big dick and there's a you know the
least one does the cold cool right he's
a complete family
no one goes in the fucking cold pool
ever cuz you don't to get smoked look at
this bar but this guy you can't go into
like five times I have a wild you want
to like short one after I come out of
the car pool it's little bit I don't
even hear about talking at the urinal I
was on the bar last night
and some guys like bro so hot in here so
many literally you know like there's
five urinals he comes up next to me for
some reason bro so many hot chicks your
girlfriend's not out there right
I was like no bro whatever you want to
need hits me I'm peeing or peeing at a
brewski other hands long what are you
doing that's a bug with privacy I don't
talk to you you piece of shit
was he a white guy who's Mexican
hahahaha there was no white people gonna
be my luck all thanks for picketing care
what is okay but then it's touched you
like law just feel the shoulder looking
over ya talking to right casual
conversation
and it's Lukey trying to country I don't
know what look I just saw I don't even
know why I clicked on that or walked
around I knew is gonna be something
nasty us girls we never do shit like
that we're never sitting down you'll
never catch a female be like yo check it
out look I'm a bird why should you it we
would never do that why do guys always
have to do that so what's up with that
alright about to record session 2 with
our second guest jasmine what's your
what's your YouTube my youtube is
Jasmine Garcia I'm in the process of
getting URL right now she's okay news or
jazzy poo on Instagram BAM
so we're about 3/4 second session of the
borrowed maids watch let's see what
happens yeah we were going wait we got
did this again I had a recorded
something really cute so the asking him
well he wasn't so fluid and then we do
one of these and they didn't catch it
oh fuck me stupid catch it yeah I gotta
get used to this thing so we just shot
10 episodes of fireball brigade talk
show where's my boys silent mic aka he
left something in the oven make the face
make the face um and it was a lot of fun
it was really hot because we live in an
older house that does not have central
a/c so it's always fucking hot in that
room but now we're going to take the
whole cast all the talent over here I'm
going to go get some grubs some food
we've been talking about a lot of food
and I'm just starving now I need to eat
made our way to Pasadena Old Town
Pasadena fatigue was Sushma goosh goosh
goosh and I hear like a live band
playing let's see what happens
- it cooler so what happened every heart
opens already up like that why is he
leaning over
I was hilarious she just she didn't see
that there was this fence there she just
ran into it I thought they scared me on
purpose but she just wasn't paying
attention
what a stupid face hi we're in a past
year just be climbing Luke we just shot
up to talk so without you so much better
now you're in my vlog
say hi to the blog say hi to my vlog I'm
gonna be that annoying guy and I'm gonna
ask everyone around the table what they
ate we're gonna do really fast
all right Mike where'd you get Oh
chicken what a life yeah oh I've done
good time sugar rice some kind of fancy
asparagus sushi action Arnold Palmer
Allah the diva bark look what did you
get my god okay I found chicken ramen
some little way
mom all right Jasmine would you get i
got also chicken teriyaki salad rice
then there's a sushi thing that will be
coming at some point there's a little
mishap much weirder poyo what happened
I'm pretty sure there was a few
institution deep fried into the tempura
oh no way to get had a sushi lunch
special but I finished all of it meaning
spicy miso rod for a second round
all right now it's good you got I got
that she watching was gone I said you
don't know why she she died she loves
and laconic Mac you know he did it you
got the Puma cop sick no more cops is
also this is cheetah I should
attractively don't forget this is the
Omaha say I got my chew dashi bowl here
for the clean gains and like some yok
and beef yaki I don't know what cut of
beef this is but I don't know Flatiron
State they said that's what it is so
still and Pasadena just a different part
we're gonna hit up or glide to see and
is it a good movie people say there you
go
once the people talk that's what they
say
see what this movie is all about I just
finished watching em in Alex what do you
think the movie is so good that I
actually fell asleep couple times that's
how good it was not knock it on the
movie I think I was just tired I
actually built up a couple times - I
don't know what did you think okay I
want to watch it again you want to watch
it again what about you what did you
think I thought was pretty good
would you watch it again Michael do you
think I was all right
just how superhero ones are a little too
similar were you awake though were you a
cold I did those off but it wasn't kind
of movie I don't think yeah what did you
think about the movie oh my god it was
so fucking good I was like did you guys
ever felt like we all said that we fell
asleep and the whole thing are you know
knitting your way it's crazy all of a
sudden oh shit
the hug
this is crazy what the hell I came here
and it was sunny but now all of a sudden
it's raining what the hell are we gonna
have an earthquake or something
we're brothers we're happy and we're
singing and we're color
doot-doot-doot er give me a high five
let's see oculus you know what this is
uh yeah I don't know anything you don't
know no or the blackest guy no is like
some TV show yeah the wings bro let's do
that it's about what time is it 8
o'clock and I am well we are cruising
into Albertsons um to pick up our last
meal of today I think we are all
tracking - Mike I don't know what Mike's
up to but um we all have different
numbers so we all have very specific
different needs so we're gonna pick to
cater to our numbers so I'm trying to
fill my fats and for that I'm going to
eat some organic grass-fed ground beef I
need to fill about 25 grams of fat and
this already is 17 grams of that
and just in case I still need some more
fat some string change one of these bad
boys are six grams of fat and no carbs
because unfortunately I ran out of carbs
today and to get my fiber in with no
carbs
I'm gonna eat a premade salad with some
Bakken just because I need fats no carbs
a little bits mother effort
the theme is getting chocolate chip
cookies
supersoft baby she walk really fast do
that really fast walking that you do
this way this is this anticipation mr.
kogo it is a really fast welcome here
anyway no I hope you like just women who
all this know all of this that this is
how you need to eat people
Holly
twenty-one holiday in 13 i hate it i
never craved any of the shit in regular
day life
never do I crave this stuff ever
especially especially ice cream out or
even a big ice cream person but all this
stuff fat boy give me some of that is it
good give me some of that I want all of
this Reese's Pieces are you kidding me
damn it
kisses oh oh oh oh my god I would kill I
would kill for some of this stuff damn
it
this socks all right Nadine coming
through like the - homie you're true -
homie
I'm trying to see a report on the oven
and I make
potatoes garlic up enough supposed to
look in the lens right here my name look
right here they want they want you to
talk to them right here hi there we go
you got it cool the things actually an
amazing cook is always the introducing
is for like all his Afghan ease um
dishes and stuff is so long oh I see
someone's instagramming oh I'm a repost
I see my hubby make me dinner
what did you make I'm a rise to speed
pizza another new pizza but my carbs
below my pasture high protein high so my
stress beans go ahead like 7 or 10 grams
of carbs per of my solution
all right so wrapping it up it's
nighttime for me empty house
hope you guys had fun
Hey tsk a good tuck me in was that mean
nothing what's that mean what does that
mean
but it stuck me in me
was it me look tell me tell me tell me
you go sleep with your glasses on
