heyo okay so I had to record this real
quick cuz anytime anyone brings me food
that I can eat then I'm like down or the
video you know when I do my fitness
videos or whatever I'm always talking
about home like you know tired or I'm
cutting and I'm dieting because I'm on
like macros or whatever
luckily my homies and homegirls saw me
at Gray's Inn there were like dude we
gotta send her this box so basically the
way it works you go on the website and
you pick like the healthy snacks that
you like and then they ship it to you as
soon as I got these I was like dude I
gotta share the wealth because I know a
lot of you guys are also cutting or
dieting or maybe even bulky but you guys
want to do it in a healthy way so I
wanted to share my Gray's experience
with you guys so so I'm gonna open it
right now we're gonna open it together
all right okay I only have one hand so
bear with me here okay hold on give me a
second here's the first one I don't know
what it is before I even open it it was
super cute because it even warns you
communism did this cuz I read your note
this but it says turn me over okay
anyway here we go oh snaps okay so what
it says oh my god this is so cute I
gotta show you guys look at this how
freaking cute is that okay so this
package contains some sweet mustard
ranch um so it's pretzel sour cream and
onion cashews and mustard breadsticks um
the next one contains chocolate pecan
pie what got a ding this is gonna be so
their chocolate fudge dates and pecans
this one's super forest fruits
blueberries lingonberry soft apple
pieces and cherry raisins and then last
from this package because I think they
send you one for every day not every box
but the snacks so there's four here and
then there's another
for so I guess there's like an
additional day you can either like share
with someone or not up to you whatever
but anyway the last one here is dip your
own chocolate pretzels which are my
freakin favorite all right honestly I
don't even understand how anyone can
just like eat one snack a days cuz for
real that's not happening with me right
again turning over here we go oh my god
alright so here we have y'all give you
guys another close up cuz it's frickin
graphics on this is so cute look at that
holy crap this is so cute dude where has
this been on my life this is so cool
and-and-and-and to top it off um it's
only 11 bucks what hold up I just
discovered something so I lifted this
box here right and there's more
underneath what am I doing with my life
that I don't even see this what all
right hold up there's more oh my god
there's whole green banana caramel
dippers this one is sriracha crunch
okay well then what's down here grass
thank you so much to graze for like
taking care of me and I hope that you
guys can find the same enjoyment that I
just did with this oh my goodness
this one's calling my name lemon drizzle
flapjack sorry please no GMOs no
artificial flavors no artificial colors
like everything is all-natural
so I hope you guys
you try this if you sign up please let
me know and let me know what you think
of this Nexus honestly these are
hands-down my favorite snacks I'm
definitely definitely subscribing or I
guess is efficient but signing up to
receive snacks every single week so
until next time y'all peace
