back in downtown again we're moving back
to downtown just kidding
I'm actually here to pick up Joe me and
Joe are we're scheduled for a podcast in
about an hour
I think the podcast show is called the
apartment and they have all kinds of
cool people on that I'm talking music oh
it's too uh too classy in here and we've
been trying to schedule with them for a
long time but our schedules are never
synched up so finally I think after
three months of schedule we're gonna be
on there they have really cool podcast I
always ask dope questions and they're
not scared to be real kind of like Joe
Rogan but on YouTube so we're really
excited to be on there I'm excited to
hear what kind of questions they ask us
usually you know when you're on a
podcast the stories that you tell and
your reactions are only as good as the
questions so when we go on there and
they usually go oh what motivated you to
start YouTube but what maybe did you
motivate you to start the gym or
whatever there's like some really basic
questions that anyone can ask me off the
street I like them when they ask really
juicy good questions like the way Joe
Rogan does and the apartment does a good
job of that but I won't be I'm really
happy about that I was able to kind of
sneak in on today was pick up a new good
so today I'm kind of busy
but because I'm busy I just decide to
just pack it even more and get a bunch
of errands done so last week I was at
hammer bros that you guys saw I did the
paperwork for Glock 43 which is this guy
this guy's unloaded don't worry and this
is a super small it's like a super
concealable weapon it's really tiny and
I just picked this bad boy up so this
thing that can only hold anything like
six rounds or so it's hard to maneuver
this thing with just one hand but let me
try so this thing can only do six rounds
or so but it's hell as small as you can
see fits in my hand and this will be
kind of like my everyday carry not that
I do everyday carry but it'll be my
concealed carry everyday carry if I did
concealed carry everyday carry catch my
drift
and I think I'm gonna give my other if I
were to conceal carry everyday carry
shield to my sister-in-law because I
realized that my hands
it just shoots Glocks way better I'm
just wait a cure attacker at Glocks and
I am with MMP and for those of you that
aren't into like guns and all that mumbo
jumbo every single guns kind of shaped
lift differently and depending on how
you punch out when you shoot whether
you're this type of person or this type
of person you're gonna be prone to
shooting a certain brand more than
others just like how some people like
iPhone some people ain't Androids that
same type of dichotomy and brands exist
across like like Canada and Sony or
Glock and M&P or whatever you know so
I'm just here waiting for Joe to come
out should be coming out any day now
where are you Joe where are you look at
this creepy old Los Angeles elevator the
door opens like a bathroom door Joe's
already inside you gotta press this
button or not it's already been pushed
okay so just go in here I can't promise
what will happen either for like a movie
or it's for hipster model Dan this is
crazy with these buttons
that's just all of them of Grandma this
is crazy and you use this every day
every day it's very sturdy what's real
sterling it's been checked recently
wrong 2016 - it looks dope in here
though I love old LA architecture
yeah just feels like it does feel like
few murders but also feels like
historical yeah yeah can you hear your
neighbors a lot of them yeah guys sir Oh
everything's already set up pretty good
Bart nice to meet you good pretty good
yeah of course
Parkman was a missionary not pretty
crazy like as soon as we pulled up yeah
a car just left it was fate yeah yeah in
k-town is super hard sometimes sunny
Sunday mornings and Kate Tom's the best
is that why you have that podcast Sunday
mornings usually or do you usually have
it
yeah it's honest if you do it in the
mornings because we try to use daylight
oh so it does look better in there like
curtains that we use the lighting so
it's like this perfect like they like
that falls in so we try to like do Matt
when we do that night sometimes yeah the
lights and it just are you oh my god so
it sounds like there's 30 people in the
podcasters on the one we don't know
where it's coming from or different
apartments for help yeah it's probably
just another podcast on another floor I
don't know where it is but it's coming
from somewhere you know
yeah recording interaction that's CUNY
that in Christina came to visit are just
very CUNY you're ready Christina I think
so really you're ready for your vagina
to get obliterated you know at the
beginning of the play like the curtains
get spread all the way across or the
opposite sides of the stage are you
ready for that yeah imagine imagine this
and is for you
you know a tightly locked ziplock bag
where's all it's all nice and snap
together and that's what you're used to
now imagine someone opens it and pulls
it all the way to the opposite side of
the scenes it was huge dis Bulls head
freakin fit through the whole thing and
then there was blood and guts freakin
gushy I don't know what it is yeah and
there's like brown stuff there's like
brown yellow white all kinda stuff
there's all kinds of crazy stuff yeah
yep like Kill Bill it was a big ol sack
like this I didn't when it came out you
know what's crazy
so like the baby comes out right and
then once the baby comes out they cut
the umbilical cord and then they start
pulling it out like tug of war and then
the placenta came out and it dropped on
the floor and went like Atlanta like you
feel mad you throw a piece of meat on
the ground so it sounded like
really wanted to try to get it out yeah
I mean he just moves it and then every
time he moves it and like gushes up oh
another thing I guess I'll say this on
camera but yeah you just start once your
water breaks you just keep leaking yeah
like you're gonna keep wetting yourself
a lot it's not like a huge gush right it
nothing on stantly like dripping out let
go moving it's just usually and it's
like and you're on your bed and you're
just speaking are you just sitting in
your own yeah are you ready for that
I honestly think I think like maternal
instincts are pretty strong
I think like just as a mom you know what
to do the only thing that I think it's
pretty crazy as a labor part because in
your vagina it gets like it's a cup of
sugar coming all the way through oh he
got his mom's immune system yeah having
the odd is that no what about cats you
know like let's say in the future
there's this technology where you could
pick and choose DNA and genes from their
parents would you guys want to make like
the most ideal baby you can out of you
or let nature roll the dice to take its
course
well what you guys want we don't want to
like like pick and choose your baby like
you're buying a car just let it happen
what if the baby's like the most
fucked-up version of you guys it's the
one of the most fucked-up version yet oh
shit if their chances are pretty high
for that then yeah what about you these
kids bring upon the new parents yeah
someone punched him in the stomach
looking or are you saying babe
if someone considering the expense of
whatever um yeah considering how you put
it anywhere
considering how expensive they are then
I think I would want to make the most
genetically badass kid now and then just
like put him in like what's a
professional no I'm kidding did you take
its course yes keep it natural buggies
and milk
at a Toyota dealership about to get a
brand new car just kidding
no I'm here with Nadine the deme is
gonna get a truck what truck are you
gonna get I'm gonna get that Toyota
Tundra and it's been like a long process
of trying to find the one the right one
yeah like the one I really want it they
don't even make anymore which one do you
really want the TRD pro oh but it's cool
that I don't get that one because I'm
gonna like parts gonna help me a hug got
like what he did to his truck
if I'm gonna take all that time
boombox looks like the biggest size
the kromaggs are nice it's like a living
room back there that's really nice
yeah oh that's a nice truck - we're
gonna ride in this truck
what is that I thought it's really cool
nope it's nice one thing that I like
about dealerships now is that
you know that people like customized
vehicles
so they're starting to sell them all so
big stuff so if you don't want to deal
with all the pain in the ass that would
take it into places the warranty on that
they do all of that for you and it's
usually cover another
I'll tell you what they saw standard oh
yeah see they put all that's old ten and
seven thousand are live care coalition
all should they're ditching me
oh no they ditched me already I guess
they got the wrong here that wouldn't
work we're not moving in the Tacoma
it's also in the new Camrys this is
pretty dull too
I've been seen I've been seeing this
commercial I'm interested in as Cameron
listen a sports car
it's nice
yeah even this one sucked up oh no it's
just like
Oh a new car smell I'll just get a
camera today because right now I saw the
Camry commercial and the new cameras
look pretty sick how many horsepower is
it this one thing is like 265 yeah are
we gonna floor this guy on the freeway
nice to meet you oh there's a lot of
really strong guys there a lot of some
of the girls are strong on the guys
sounds good the v8
pulling it out right now which one is
this one is this the Platinum or
you hear them trying to gun it to
impress you
okay I'm trying to attend a stylet look
home with a new strip yeah what word off
we're talking about do you copy me go
inside oh I like the tailgate now it
comes down slow like this it's safe
they don't smash your fingers and it's
pretty like - that's tight
one of my favorite things about the
Tantra is the back seat is huge for the
literal god damn
look at that Nadine's like 280 and he
fits in there like easily
they should make fold-down tables like
the airplanes you probably get that yeah
now in this one
this one has the the moonroof - yeah
stole
and if I want to cut into your and put
like shelving and stuff but you
couldíve yeah you can put this up and
then just put like a mattress and you're
good yeah that's true yeah or in the bed
if this guy has electronic seats - I
love these things
oh shit this is there's a ton of room I
had the legs all the way back when
there's a this thing is all the way back
there and they're still kind of it
why are you trying to make me buy a new
truck dude you already have a mystery
truck do you make me one of you make me
wanna buy another truck
why why are you trying to entice me why
just tell me to come here wow we could
buy him more cars I don't need do the
deals I'm freakin bad influence
he's always making me wanna buy more
shit oh I like how heavy the doors
aren't your solid dance thing as roomy
as a motherfucker dude it's still crazy
roomy back there oh that's dope let me
try to sync your phone
your wife licking me up here put-put you
back off
so what are you deciding between this
one and a platinum one yes this is the
one I want to originally but then also
go
Kitana and the biggest difference is the
inside the time M is a lot nicer inside
so it's basically like going from this
is already like one the highest - yeah
it's basically like just going like a
fully decked out why trying to wet
panties with the other one or what it's
like I can run my reputation
Wow well then I think I'm gonna go with
the Platinum I do like that one more
because if it's more there yeah and if
it's like white and black and that's
what you wanted yeah I mean this one you
still gotta like figure out you're
taking all that oh yeah I'm trying to
shop
therefore a baller no he was asking me a
work what kind of tactics do you know to
negotiate the price up he was telling me
he like this I like it fits like forty
three thousand I wanna pay like 50
thousand what do I do
yeah I wanna get exhaust it's a big-ass
motor it's like a 5.7 or something right
5.7 v8 baby
yep go I feel like like I'm at Toys R Us
that's deep I love that deep throaty v8
sound honestly that's one huge thing I
think for fucked up on with the Raptor
and they changed it to the 3.5 EcoBoost
engine and it's like come on dude f-150
is on an American staple I know you're
trying to be efficient but you gotta go
with the v8 that's one of the reasons
why a lot of people still like the gen 1
Raptors but that's that 6.2 liter come
on for you can't have a big-ass Chuck
with no fucking twin-turbo v6 yeah I'll
keep that v8 alive I can feel like my
favorite negotiating tactic is is they
tell them you're poor and tell them that
both of your parents they're dead
driving home now Nadeem is still at the
dealership you know how those car
dealerships go there's just so much
paperwork and stuff that you have to do
my job's done so I'm gone Plus Maude
Barrett was telling me that uh
tyka is putting going crazy at home with
his just crying and Cline I think he's
entering another phase in his life
so he's becoming a little bit more prone
to crying so on and go home and get mom
her backup but I pretty much my job was
to just make sure that Nadine gets a
good deal and if shit hits the fan maybe
helping co-sign or do whatever he did
get a pretty good deal and it's
something that was within his budget so
that's good and because of that I get to
go home now but the Dean still has to go
there and finalize all the paper which
they said takes at least another hour
which really means it's probably going
to be another two hours but my
experience at the downtown
Toyota was really good if you guys are
ever in the downtown area you're trying
to pick up a toyota make sure you check
them out everyone was super friendly and
we're able to connect on lifting and
the manager and his other boy is
actually going to come down and train at
barbell brigade and like a couple of
days just because we connected on
lifting it one of them competed in
polythene so it's really cool at the bar
above the barbell like not just barbell
brigade but like the actual barbell
lifting itself was able to bring
everyone together so now I'm gonna get
back on the freeway and going home this
is actually the same route that I used
to take going back to our house in
downtown LA the 10 freeway except I'm
going back into Monterey Park now see
you soon tiger
