hey what's up beautiful people so today
is actually a weekend for me and it's
kind of a booming one it's been raining
the past couple days in LA but today's
workout was actually an easy hard set
for me I don't know what he's doing over
here but it's really distracting
okay so the easy part was the first half
of my workout which consisted of speed
squats and I did that with the
three-second pause at 1:35 and this week
felt super freaking light for me it felt
like I was only doing my 40% or like 30%
of my max and then I moved on to speed
bench with the three-second pause again
um and this again felt like it was super
light for me it was like a 30 to 40
percent of my max so I was really really
confident I'm like oh yeah I'm getting
strong this consistency thing is a shit
so then I moved up to with emphasis of
today's workout was which is my
competition deadlift
and burnt right here my coach actually
is to treat over to you conventional
does I have a really weak upper back and
you know I've mentioned this many times
but in efforts to straighten that part
of my back I'm switching over
to conventional which used to be my
favorite Lisbon now I fucking hate it I
hate it so much
Barbra Barbra strengthening my lower
back --sykes
today I I warmed up and then I was gonna
do my first working set at 2:25 I went
up to it confidently or at least what I
feel is confidently and then I go to
pull it and it doesn't even leave the
fucking floor and I'm looking and I'm
just like oh my god what the hell's
happening to mean it's a total
confidence cooler so here I am pull up
pulling to 25 sumo and it felt Hey
it felt like yeah Gio's back this is a
warm-up
fuck you to 25 I made you my bitch and
when he said that it was is my leverages
are all off my shoulders are over the
bar I need to back it up and he
basically switches my form and dropped
down the way to 135 and this is being
just closing it out at 135 at you know
high-volume 3 by 8 but I mean I know
this also is because I'm not a good
person why was it whispers I'm not a
consistent mister but I'm changing all
that now and it just closed up my
workout with Romanian deadlifts using
dumbbells and why do I do that
so the reason why well one of the perks
of using dumbbells for Romanian tendon
is since the weights are free hanging
you have to keep a tight upper back in
order to do movement so it strengthens
your upper back which is one of your
weaknesses this
the entire back strengthen the lower
back and then also strengthen the upper
back get a while
although Romanian although the Romanian
deadlift is mainly a hamstring killer
we're taking this opportunity to also
strengthen the upper back Wow beating up
your posterior chain so there you go I
have a shitty back and Bart's in super
basic terms I have a shitty back and
Bart is making my shitty back a stronger
back so just never forget I don't know
what the fuck I'm talking about but
thank you crawling my progress until
next time y'all actually really starting
to enjoy bench now because it's becoming
a more
