look at this shit look at what I gotta
put up with look at these fucking clowns
hey coz I'm gonna eat it egg white
delight from McDonald's so give very
shit this is a monumental moment to
catch on the camera well I eat it all
the time though just that I don't like
all the other bullshit sighs have a
question I wish no I'll be done because
I don't even link breakfast she's on my
macros
don't blame your macros you know you
like I should escape go for everything
oh I hit this car it's my back roads
heading to agenda seminar right now it'd
be really cool if we can actually
somehow magically get inside don't know
see what happens go for broke the file
browse Jake hit
hey oh alright just finished our seminar
and agenda it was really really cool we
got to meet so many different people
from different walks of life who should
learn about social media about financing
your small business it was everything
was catered to first-time business
owners and business owners and I thought
there was a super cool super motivation
and I thought was really amazing and
agenda it's like the whole community is
like behind me and my small business and
I'm just like thank you so for any of
you guys I'm thinking of starting of
this a small business or have a small
business I highly recommend going
today's agenda emerge I'm not getting
any sort of sponsorship for this but I
just think it's super amazing if agenda
emerge calm go check it out it's amazing
we're all so stupid David look he's been
doing this he's been doing this all
fucking day
I just realized that look as stupid as
he does but he gets so into me so I'm
just about to get ready to go to bed but
before I can do that um especially like
a day like this where I was spending
most of my time indoors and learning a
lot I like to just kind of veg out and
turn my brain off cuz if I go to sleep
with like a lot of like business
thoughts in my head I'm not sleeping so
um I'm usually the last person I go to
sleep Bart goes to sleep like at around
10:00 and right now it's 11:00 and
everyone else is pretty much asleep it's
just me alone in my living room nobody
I don't really just like to watch movies
or like a dumb TV show like anything
where I don't have to use any mental
power or any any brainpower um another
thing I really like to do to just kind
of unwind I like to play games so I've
been currently playing toy blast on of
you guys have seen it before
but it's a super chill game here I'll
show you how I play so every level is
totally different
you just have to match it you can do
combos it's super Chelsea that little
tool I have to get them to the bottom
and I win that way so it's a good little
way to pass time and not really focused
too much on anything business and I
actually get some like time off and it's
super enjoyable because it's like super
happy graphics it's not scary
like you guys know I don't play scary
games I like these type of games because
they're just happy they're super cute
they're friendly nothing's gonna attack
you that's pretty much my routine before
I go to bed I either watch TV watch a
movie or play games what do you guys do
before you go to bed or can you guys
just sleep
in the comments below maybe I might take
up one of your rituals so I could turn
my brain off alright guys hope you
enjoyed my day until next time so if you
were at a restaurant in your server and
your restaurant is allowing you to pick
up a glass this way sorry I have random
Chinese all the time this way freaking
stop yourself I think that is so down
