thank for you guys this is the first of
may be many vlogs to come and die you
guys have been requesting it as I said
fuck it I'll give it a try I'm literally
in bed if you haven't noticed I don't
know this time around I used to walk
before but I felt like this time around
I was a little bit different I think the
first time was still a little bit shy
I'm kind of closed off it didn't want to
be real but now I don't care I love you
guys you guys already know I'm a fucking
weirdo okay enjoy
alright so my kitchen last night was
fourth of July and we had a bunch of our
close friends over it's just kind of
asked about and it's not even that bad
now we actually seemed it up last night
was really cool what nothing too crazy
that's some cupcakes get Julia broth and
then we had some drinks
Thanks that no one really drinks
honestly I bought like almost $100 worth
I was like lemonade and um like
raspberry lemonade mango lemonade it was
like crazy types of lemonade and those
were gone first and then all of the beer
is still there just don't really drinks
here which i think is really cool but um
yes a lot of the leftovers I know a lot
of people might be against this but I've
had dogs my whole life and all of my
dogs have been like have lived like 10
plus years honestly like Tyson right now
is 15 for his size he should be dead
like around 9 years old so I would like
to say that I think I know what I'm
doing but yeah although our leftovers
the good kind
we give it to her dogs lost my voice
today we played mafia if you want to see
that footage go ahead and cruise over to
Joe's channels I know he was vlogging
the whole thing so we're gonna check it
off there but I'm about to give these
two more pitches hey yo
does a crazy cook-off yesterday between
on the lake up a foot between uh Casey
and Bart I don't smoke her shit I cook
all the freaking trash accumulated that
was accumulated from yesterday
these are gonna hate my blogging I'm the
most boring person ever to do its to dig
through the wood she can escape this is
how I usually spend my Sunday's I clean
my frickin crib but with the help of my
trusted little vacuum I think is gonna
suck up my underwear with that guy
seriously my favorite investment ever
ever while I'm doing my bed this guy's
clean my room alright so I just woke up
from a nap but I was supposed to be
working
oh yeah now the Roomba is doing the
living room I do it a room at a time
sometimes people are sleeping who's even
sleeping at that time Athena is my
housemate with Bart and I I was gonna do
some work
see not kidding you do some work TV on
see I don't have Apple TV I highly
recommend it I'm not sponsored by it or
anything but I look like it's like a
streaming device you can stream all of
your bullshit from there but anyway
that's one other things in the night
like sad down here solos and dude I just
fell asleep
and I was watching a book of life the
beginning it sounded it looked super
interesting and then I don't know what
happened I played it the first like 20
minutes were cool I woke up not
realizing I fell asleep I woke up and
the movie was over I just have to watch
it again so what actually had a mandate
today you hang out with his friends um
when he got home he watched a big abyss
I'll show you what I babies look like
I'm walking through the bar barbar Gabe
set right now you guys haven't seen it
go to bark want subscribe to his channel
and you'll see some really cool topics
that we talked about specifically about
fitness and
here I'll bet is I don't want to bother
them because they're gonna want to come
inside
Tyson already Pete so that seems really
old he's 15 years old and now it's
getting to the point where he can't
control his bladder better pick this up
before the romba does
I hate when restaurants okay so if you
work at a restaurant in your server and
your restaurant is allowing you to pick
up a glass this way sorry I have random
Tanya's always on this way freaking stop
yourself I think that it's so nasty
just fucking grab my cup this way this
way now where I put my mouth that is
nasty
I don't know where your hands have been
please don't grab my cup this way don't
do that anyway so pleasant 15 can't
control adder anymore so he tends to
urinate on himself while he is sleeping
so he sleeps on his side and I think
while he's sleeping I don't know what
happens or he pills it or not I'm
assuming he doesn't feel it cuz he's
pissing on himself and like his whole
side is full of piss so he just smells
like piss he smells like a homeless dog
but where he was getting dry was already
full to piss I hope he doesn't lay there
is another piece of her piss opinion
washed who'd do a birth of sea
all this message from our 4th of July
festivities check it out
he's the cutest boy that ever lived for
sure I don't want to get wet so what are
you doing what's up speaker
No at the cookie there's no kissing here
there's no casing on my thing
why'd you want me why are you laughing
look we know hey do you want to talk
about the pimple on your nose alright
leave fine I'm leaving you guys see that
fucking crater the thing is crazy let's
go back inside the house we'll talk
about it guys first time leaving the
house all day today what time is it
right now
it's 8:12 and we're heading out to
Pasadena this is one of the first time
the theme is gonna walk around in
Pasadena he's an actual NorCal
transplant citizen Oh jack shit so we
take him to all the cattle spot
somewhere like do dishes this is Beverly
Hills and he's just really confused
we're gonna go get dinner a 10-q said
yeah no psychic all right so it's just
for the July I just shit done this
already knows I'm tracking I woke up
today and I thought yeah he's like oh my
gosh myself off might be trying to track
so we're eating this what is inside of
this thing it looks really black on my
then I got heaven cheese empanada know
what this is you needed like change your
life and try one because it's like I
don't know I don't know it's like doughy
it's like a fried doughy blanket and
inside of it is whatever whatever
stuffing you want so you guys get the
leftovers of the blood and the mashed
potatoes and the fries later oh yeah
there it is that's what it looked like
imagine that time that is a flank steak
medium-rare with blood all over the
place
sorry to all my vegetarian people out
there but there was one sword I can
describe me to this tea and nail it for
me or if you want it to ever give me a
gift and you don't know where to shop
this is where the fuck you need to go
right here
this camel balls
rojos alright just got home it's fun oh
yeah had a great meal it's had a good
day um this is my first day back
vlogging so I might be a little bit
rusty and it might be a little bit weird
and yeah I think I'm done for tonight
so good night peace out until next time
