hey what up guys so check it out I got
another food box in I love it I love
when you guys send me food especially
when it's healthy so I guess you guys
heard that I am on a cut and I'm
tracking my macros so everything that I
consume at this point is very calculated
so basically the way it works is every
single month I will receive one of these
boxes and inside of this box are very
healthy natural and organic snacks every
time you purchase one of these boxes one
meal is donated to the US Food Bank and
by meal I don't need this box or one of
these boxes i mean like an actual meal
is donated so you're doing good and
healthy for your body but at the same
time you're doing good and healthy for
our fellow man let me go ahead and open
this up because i want to see what
you're all about and yes I'm using a pen
this box because why not here we go I
love these unboxings with you guys
seriously I do Oh super cool this is
right here one box one meal you help
fight hunger in America you made a
difference we love you your friends at
love with food calm I just feel like a
better human being already whoa these
are amazing I was not expecting any of
these snacks like pop chips i legit you
pop chips brownie brittle oh my goodness
and the macros on this is awesome four
grams of fat I'm down fruit strips that
is 50 calories zero fat cherry cashews
there you go crow Contini artisan
Italian crackers trail mix yes please
tea caddy I love this day is this green
tea all this one's IST but these are so
good so another thing that I really like
about this box that I read when they
sent me the email was that let's say for
example I'm not really feeling the
Italians record and all I really do want
to be consuming is just trail mix and
brownie brittle then they go on their
website and I just say that this is all
I want and every single month this is
all there Sonny so it's super
customizable I think this is awesome i
think this is a great idea it's a great
way to promote health and it's also a
great way to fight hunger in america so
i'm going to put all the details in the
description below I'm gonna hook you
guys up with the links that you guys can
click on it and directly go on their
website and start shopping around for
your favorite snacks please share with
me your experience with lovely food in
the comments below let me know if you've
done it already if you're about to try
it if you already tried it and how all
of that played out for you I'm really
excited to start receiving these every
single month because I only feel better
I feel like a good human being so hope
you guys enjoyed it until next time
y'all peace
