hey whats up beautiful people so it's
another beautiful day in LA sorry I
don't mean to keep rubbing it in but I
just love my city so today's workout was
actually pretty dope it's a super
confidence booster for me and a really
mental changeup game for me which is so
dope so I open up my workout with a 205
that's now becoming on rp8 when maybe a
month or two ago I couldn't even do it
and it was even something as specific as
like the way you expect my face so if i
put like a 45 the 27 to 10 i could do it
easy money but then once i changed that
tenant and that's 25 into a 35 making it
two of us and mentally I was just like I
don't phone this is new wait I can't do
it then I would fail but now I'm
consistently hitting that and with your
confidence that I like as soon as I
racket I'm like dude I want to go have
your parts like dude stop it right now
we're doing the wax on wax off method
and I'm just boosting your confidence so
left it at that let that rp8 moved on to
more volume of three sets of five at 180
and I kind of jump the gun here i need
185 and I was like dude this is cake
after this one I was like oh my god I'm
not hitting dead and it is still
actually a little bit heavier um it was
a surprise to me to realize how crazy
heavy five pounds you feel so my next to
says I dropped it out to 180 hit those
easy money felt good confidence is
through the roof right now move down to
competition bench my prescribed weight
was 105 and I'm actually really starting
to enjoy bench now because it's becoming
a more consistent lift for me I'm i
switched up my grip my grip feels really
good I feel the weight flying up now
something that I have never really felt
like I can feel that perfect point on my
chest where if the bar supposed to touch
and it just flies right up it's been
beautiful for me it's a confidence
booster so i love that i found moved on
to more volume it again three sets of
five at 90
that felt like a slight struggle on my
first set but the second and third were
easy money he felt really good I also
tribute that to be taking a little bit
longer breaks in between all good and I
finished out my workout with two
different types of circuits the first
one being overhead press who loves and a
jump rope for minute and that was three
sets of ten and I tried to keep it more
on the cardio side so I would try to
keep my rest on below a minute and then
the second circuit was upright rows
waited this but I'm a weakling so
there's no wait other than body weight
um and sweat and he's feel really good
it's not super taxing but I could feel
it really really focusing on specific
areas of my body a lot of which i need
to strengthen like my back my arms my
legs again I'm going to try to keep
everything very consistent i'm not going
to skip out on any more workouts i
really want to do good um in general but
specifically for my September meet I
want to hit numbers that I've never here
before and I'm really super excited and
anxious to see what I'm capable of so
always remember guys I don't know what
the fuck I'm talking about so thank you
for following my progress until next I'm
y'all
when I'm on my period I told you guys I
thought it was gonna be nasty but yes
ladies when you're on your period it's
crazy how significant your body changes
so one um you feel really
