hey what a beautiful people so today is
a tuesday i'm actually they behind my
workout i was supposed to work out
yesterday but I was filming JK views all
day from ten a.m. to about 10pm last
night so I had to move my I had to shift
over my workout for Monday to Tuesday
today um and it felt pretty good today
was a pretty easy workout I hit my daily
max pretty usual 205 I really want to
get comfortable with that weight I want
it to be super consistent I don't ever
want to feel that I want to open my meat
at a minimum 205 and then I move into
high bar squads which I ultimately hey
because I'm a low bar lifter and that
always feels very comfortable for me but
when I have to switch over to high bar I
don't even know how to set up properly
so you'll see me a kind of like try to
find a place or a groove in my back
where I can stick that bar I actually
increased my weight on that and I moved
up to
oh so yeah I really try to increase my
weight on the high bar i increased it by
10 pounds from last week and it felt
pretty good I did to get into the zone
and it tend to want to like go ahead of
myself and I want to go really fast and
I'm out and then that's when I lose
focus in my form and how everything
should be working but today I made sure
that I just slowed it the fuck down and
I felt every single groove and I felt
every single set and like everyone
always tells you you want to treat your
set like it's the last one um so today I
was conscious and aware of that and they
tried to do that this car is going
fucking slow then I moved into my
competition bench ok 10 but I'm treating
it again as something that I should be
opening up with some there should be
super comfortable with so it's getting
better every single week I've moved from
a closed script out to you know just a
regular grip and I'm forgetting that my
close grip is a lot stronger than my
regular grip so that's actually really
comforting and I'm getting very
comfortable with this Chris so it's been
nothing the progress then I move it to
leg off a bench press which is fucking
crazy cuz i think i have such a greasy
leg Drive that it fucks up a pig my form
when I'm benching and I can actually do
pounds last with my legs up then my
actual max right now so that shows me
that my upper body strength is stronger
than I give myself credit and I need to
stop being a book a bitch I moved into
deficit speed pools I'm assuming dead
lifter and that's like my favorite but
um I have a super weak back all around
so in efforts to make that strong I am
now forgetting that I folsom oh and I'm
just trying to perfect my conventional
pool so I'm just only focusing on that
um and these felt really great I
actually moved up five pounds last week
I do 135 this week I'm doing 140 not mad
at that and I just closed up my workout
with some leg extensions pretty easy um
I added 10 pounds of that too and I
closed it off at 65 so that was pretty
cool but yeah I want to keep increasing
the weight I want to do great i'm
already committed to September me that's
movie in san diego i think it's called i
gladiate or something but i'm saying it
so that i can be held accountable now
for my actions and I want to be
responsible and I want to train for
something because that's when I get
really focused and i love it a lot so
just always remember out of that with a
fuck I'm talking about I'm just sharing
my progress with you guys until next
time peace
got the blood flowing and if that was
enough for was like hey you know what
let's do lap pool down 10 by 10 again
with one minute rest screw it you got
this did that for a minute that's all
pretty crazy which it feels kind of good
i really enjoy ball you because it like
it helps me see
