hey whats up beautiful people so today
is not a beautiful day in LA well it's a
semi beautiful day um I washed my car
yesterday which is a rarity and today
ironically enough um it's raining I
opened up the workout today with five by
five at my eighty percent felt pretty
good I moved up to ninety to ninety
pounds and I was really kind of cold but
I was like screw it I'm gonna do it it's
all a little too crazy I didn't have a
spotter I didn't have confidence myself
I said oh I think I'm doing them move it
down to 85 the more I got warmed up the
more 85 felt lighter and lighter so I
know next week to open up at 85 and
eventually end that workout at 90 pounds
and then I moved it to my leg off the
bench which always trips me the hell out
because I always feel like leg Drive you
need leg Drive you lead a leg drop cuz
it's a full body movement your arms are
just there to hold it the weight so
that's what I'm thinking right so i
stood it put my legs up I no longer use
leg Drive and I'm like relatively the
same strength as when my legs are done
which is really odd because usually legs
help you more so at least it gives you
like a 10 to 20 pound increase on it we
like honestly it does um but it strange
that even with my legs up i'm still
relatively strong so that just goes to
show you my bench it fucking sucks and
then i moved into 10 by 10 an incline
bench that's just to work on my chest
muscles and sadly it's what we gonna get
rid of some of my boobs fat but it's
okay because who needs boobs
but did that send by time with a minute
rest got the blood flowing and it's that
was enough for was like hey you know
what let's do lap pool down 10 by 10
again with one minute rest screw it you
got this did that for a minute that's
all pretty crazy which it feels kind of
good i really enjoyed volume because it
like it helps me feel what muscle i'm
working out and it also helps me feel my
form so honestly even though it's a
slight cardio I really do enjoy a high
volume just because I get it better feel
and understanding with my body and then
I moved into 21 which is seven halfway
up seven another half way up and then
another seven the full range of motion
did that for three sets and that
seriously got the blood flowing gave you
that crazy-ass pump and right now I feel
like I'm gonna rip my sweater if I flex
I better not flex because I really like
to Twitter I know I'm gonna rip it don't
have this trying to get a distance in a
new program and so far so good i'm not
mad at it i don't need it I'm actually
happy with it and I feel crazy sore
which I don't know always tells me
you're doing something right which may
not be necessarily true but in my head
it works and it motivates me to pumps me
up so hey whatever helps me get there
I'm gonna do it so never forget I don't
know what the fuck I'm talking about
until next time y'all ok
I don't want anyone does this and to top
it off in five are so I'm like oh my
fucking war so once i finish my last ten
by ten I was like dude I need at least
10 minutes I need a car Bob I need a
prayer from god I need to go outside I
needed like call my mom
