hey what's up beautiful peoples of today
actually had a crazy fuck of workout I
don't even know how I am alive right now
to talk about it you can even asked it
she actually just started working on
herself and she was filling it - she has
her own program I have mine but we can
see each other and like our hair was
like stuck to our faces summer so
fucking 20 but I hope we did my workout
with the competition squat I did 5 by 5
at 180 actually felt really fucking good
I don't know what it was maybe I'd like
the meal I had framed before like I was
super hyped up and super like full of
sodium so maybe that's what happy but it
felt fucking solid I'm like dude I'm
doing 185 I fell asleep oh yeah and then
it moves to the fucking hellish of the
hell 10 by 10 and Marshall he's like hey
just to give you some perspective I only
did one 3510 might sound like oh shit
okay I dropped it down to ninety five to
ten by ten my quads were fucking on fire
and I'm like huge I don't know anyone
does this and to top it off it's my bar
so I'm like oh my fucking more so once I
finish my last 10 by 10 I was like dude
I need at least 10 minutes
I need a carb up I need a prayer for God
I need to go outside I needed like call
my mom tell her that I love her that I
survived it was fucking brutal because
I'm just not used to behind ball and
then I moved into my
two second pause they were visiting
speed and
fives I think really crazy I'm just
really trying to perfect technique cause
as you guys know fuck in 25 is my middle
name because I can't from class from the
25 on each side which is not so much to
choose because my er was 101 10 so but
that's just the ongoing joke and then
it's moving to stiff-legged deadlift
trying to strengthen my back cuz as you
guys heard from a previous vlog Bart's
always like dude come back he's like
lower back the middle back fuckin upper
back is just weak sauce sauce money the
whole way through so let's just work on
that did that and then just closed it
outlets and leg extensions at 3 by
fucking 20 I don't even know what Bart's
problem is I don't know what he's trying
to do a lot of them are calling him
fucking ate off one and shit because he
just really wants to kill us so close it
out and I'm just so happy to talk to you
guys right now cuz I don't know how the
fuck is fun but just never forget I
don't know what the fuck I'm talking
about just really show you guys our
progress until next time y'all
that started flying up for me again I
started getting my comp in I started
throwing in the a little bit more
aggressive confidence in there and for
it's like hey you know what let's get
down now that you have a better
understanding of your form it leads to
