hey what up beautiful people so today is
another beautiful day in Los Angeles
just finished my workout session at
barbell perk a study wasn't really great
a I feel super confident with myself I'm
like super excited I'm like whoa Friday
last week I realized I need to squat in
flat shoes so I can't use like a deep
hours or anything with a keel I would
realize that I kept tipping forward and
I found fault with me but then today I'm
just like Oh stupid idiot
I was never keeping my chest upright
like how I used to before I took that
montreuil cough so today I started doing
my squats opened up with 135 still warm
up then I jumped to 185 which is
something I never do because I don't
take big jumps like that I'm really
scared so I've been reconditioning
myself or just conditioning myself to
take these bigger chunks so from 135
much of the straight to 185 and that
felt super duper good move that's 205
that started flying up for me again I
started getting my comp in I started
throwing in a little bit more aggressive
confidence in there
and for it's a hit you know what let's
get down now that you have a better
understanding of your form let's do two
oh five singles three sets of singles
and I'm like right cool and that's just
to build up my confidence again so that
I can feel like a straight bar cab so
that my trust is in like facing the
floor anymore but I can shoot out a
little like it felt really really good
and then I just needed front squats and
I needed out 135 felt really good this
is like wearing my all these shoes cuz
then actually like it's a counterbalance
since I'm holding the weight of that in
front I feel like with flat shoes I tend
to like sit forward more but then
whenever we're all these shoes I get to
lean on my heels a lot more and I feel
like I feel like I'm upright more that
felt really good so then I just added
five pounds sided of doing one forty
three sets of three felt really really
good move down to competition bench I
hate these benches because I
always end up sliding off of it
unfortunately at the same time that I
was mentioning bar was by cheating and
I'm like RI Bart not my favorite but
whatever I made it work worked up to 105
fail because mentally I just wasn't in
the game bar it's like come on I'm gonna
give you Spock like I need to go back
because I'm coming in on the minute and
then kind of like crushed me and I
didn't get to prepare like the way I
needed to head in rushing it was just
horrible not blamin you want him only
blaming myself but I just need to get
meant to be better so that what I do get
presented with these situations and I
don't just stroke and then I just closed
it off the back off set at 95 and then
lowered it to 74 75 I had a back offset
three by three he had 75 pounds and yeah
that was it that was my day I left the
gym on a high note
and I hope to repeat that so like I
always tell you guys don't ever listen
to me because I don't know what the
I'm talking about
I'm old insuring you my progress until
next time y'all why do I kiss my peace
sign
so I stuck to it I said stop being a
wolf and get the work in and I opened up
my workout with overhead press topped
off my set at is 75 the first one is
stupid struggle but with a few tips from
