hey whats up beautiful people so today
is a Sunday and it's kind of a gloomy
Sunday and that's probably what I get
from we talked about how sunny and
beautiful hell is um so I'm feeling kind
of exhausted but in very good spirits
and I'm in varying experience because
I've been sticking to my consistent
lifting and I've been noticing a lot
more consistent in games even though
they're not like super crazy job so I'm
like moving up in weight like
2.5 but it's doing wonders for my
confidence and the reason why I'm
feeling kind of exhausted is because
quiet over here I'll put me on a four
day program it supposed to be monday
wednesday friday saturday Saturday being
a bodybuilding day but because our
schedules have been kind of crazy is
because he's going to Australia next
week in mine because what did i do I
think I was like filming or something
something happened that is fucked up my
schedule so i would have to go to settle
schedule a shin oh we had to go to
sarah's graduation so i couldn't work
out friday which push back my workout my
parties work on saturday and then sun is
out sunday so my body has an excuse
lifting especially high ball in back to
back in like months so I'm feeling lease
or really really tired um but I know I
had I have to get get it done she's I'm
tired of complaining to you guys about
how I'm not making any fucking progress
so I stuck to it I said stop being a
little bitch
get the work in and I open up my workout
with overhead press um topped off my set
at a 75 the person was a stupid struggle
a few tips from part i was able to get
about the second time around then i did
a back off set three by three with
overhead presses then i moved on to
seated dumbbell press and then once I
felt that my shoulders were fucked up
enough now like all right I think I'm
gonna actually moved into concentrated
dumbbell curls you went over 20 then I
went on to underhand bend over a roll up
that bath before to build up my shitty
back my entire class bulova the helper
in the middle on the other guy the right
and the left back in the right back over
and the centre-back big job and then
baby got back and then I moved on into
done in two without not bending with
others so those are pretty girls then I
move done into the jump I'll
concentrated girls and yeah I felt job
oh and another thing so we have our
certified tea now in midnight blue which
is honestly this is like hands down my
favorite design that will come out with
super clean and it just represents and
it just goes really hard so when we
decided to go into navy blue I was like
hell yeah black a stove but sometimes
black screams off like don't want to
talk to me so maybe blue just looks
presentable but it's still pretty like
it's so pretty like don't talk to me
right now but it's also fresh and clean
looking yeah so make sure to pick this
shirt up because I swear you're gonna
you're gonna make prd I promise alright
y'all so proof right here that I never
know what the fuck I'm talking about but
thank you so much follow my progress
until next time y'all peace
