so poplar has made a discovery will
explain it to you after because it might
not happen so just start and then we'll
explain later ok let's take our time
tonight don't binge are the stars of
fortune there's no base world
anymore
The Voice girls doing honest and they're
not surprised he held on for so long but
I was singing to him and every single
time I was off-key he would spit the
thing out of his mouth and go and every
time I was on key he was cool with it
but since that song is pretty hard to
see and it's out of my range I'm like
off-key a lot your tear to each I know
it was only happy with you he loves me I
think you're gonna blow his ear you're
right buddy
you think listening
they join the group finally we stop
being so judgmental if your daddy so
judgmental of me all the time
you fool though hey fool though Yeah
right freaking 8 6 ounces last night
with me - with you - yeah or 5 here 5
kids playing what these does Birbhum
yeah burp Punk and then little Tony
Montana Tony Munter I think he was hot
that's how we just opened up with you
know he's sweating like crazy you know
what's so funny - and in the middle of
night I always see I take the 5 to 6
a.m. shift and after I'm done feeding
him I always seem to him and the last
couple of nights I've been trying to
learn this song because it seems like he
likes this song but I go like ABC we're
trying to learn that song that's
literally it you know how hard as we
learn lyrics I don't even know nurse the
songs that I wrote maybe it's a through
Z you're like I keep doing the a
f g h i j k l m n o p and that song he
just knocks are just what's going dis
but as soon as i start seeing it then he
and then you go you go suppose i get
fancy to I try like messing around i got
a b c d e f g h i j you just say h-hey
missing an arm B don't say it's gotta
add extra in it hey zk hello QRS
TUV W young Zee no no ma
ABC hey yeah so I seem time and I get
fancy with the ABC song cuz it kinda
gets boring up 20 times fi well you're
explaining a story of you singing to him
and then you got so caught up in your
own singing that you forgot the story oh
well the story is huge success long
right so now I'm gonna learn the rest of
the songs like a senior today it was so
judgmental no that wasn't the story the
story was the one with your voice crack
I do this every there's a lot of stuff
that's going to happen last night in
particular when I was holding him like
literally like this and we're sick where
we're singing and then I was like and
you just enjoying it and then I was like
good no and he was like no he's tired
he's not hungry he's tired
goddamnit you know you're not hungry
you're gonna stop any second now and you
even want to get birthed you're tired
for new parents out there those eyes
right there those are those are sleepy
eyes yes yeah I think he's trying to do
it in your face like I am hungry I agree
a China yeah yo face no you're gonna
sleep soon watch I'll continue to Spago
alright so like always I was wrong
tyka finished the entire bottle and he
did not go to sleep so grant take
advantage of this moment she's excited
we're gonna take advantage of this
moment and take everyone for a walk and
if you can't tell they're
excited so let's go on the throw walk we
get comfortable tyka who does not look
comfortable head off he's so
huge now you comfortable a huge guy I
have to start using the baby carrier at
the newborn area that what there's a
difference yeah we have another set up
there so you know that's a car seat the
car seat I mean cuz the newborn oh but
they have to be able to in the car
it's a baby no the other stuff that we
have in the box is specifically for the
car and they have to be able to hold up
their own head yeah no no he's good
you're good baby if he's also going this
but once once we get rid of the he growl
across this then we put then we start
using the other one the other other
shoulder we have and we just strap him
in he faces the other way you're good
huh baby
yeah pretty soon though this is what
we're having for lunch we ordered food
and tyka just entertained right now with
this little kitty cat and watching
stranger things
and so far he's not crying which is
awesome because Marburg doesn't have to
cater to him she can eat in peace
finally I'm trying to swipe it down so
fast you're a good mama because my
barrel always takes the burden of
sacrificing her meal to be with him so
every meal I have is always awesome but
my bear or this time Tycho's you didn't
switch what the hell
like I said ma bear is really awesome
and she are just kidding find Eunice
bitch no I just realize that I always do
it I know you have good mama instincts
that's why nothing for me I could hear
him cry for a long time before it really
like I'm like oh he needs help alright
glad you think he's disappointed okay
fine alright what we're watching
trailers dings and we're having a good
time how big those are the funniest
positions this is how we change his
diaper
diaper
a 1g on the
and that's it that's how we change this
diaper to music all right so this is
super hilarious cuz I'm about to have
some ramen and then popper wants to have
some cereal but wants to eat too
so now we have to do it this way so that
as my noodles are cooking type of gets
to get fed well Papa feeds himself so
there it is the reason why these things
are time sensitive as we both decided to
have food so we just made our food and I
don't know where he gets we gotta feed
them but stereo gets soggy and so does
noodles good me Mom originals are still
cooking
yeah they're still kind of hard but my
cereal it's not bad right now actually
nice still pretty crunchy you enjoying
your food Tech I have to make sure that
it doesn't like nothing gets spilled on
his head so I'm holding the bowl right
underneath his chin but tyke is having a
good time he he has no idea what's
happening right above his head uh I know
all the parents that are watching us
right now y'all are laughing at us and
it's okay cuz they've been through it
that's why it's alright I don't mind I
don't mind giving you guys a good time
you guys deserve a break we feel your
pain and you guys have done a great job
hopefully we can get to where you guys
are at right you freakin below King I
just got out of the hot tub and I felt
really good I might just have my last
session for my neck back and shoulders
today and he said I don't needed two
sessions and I just gotta keep
hot-tubbing everything on that
it's just slowly go away and I'm also
tired not
I finally slept in today shout-out to my
bear she did a really good job she let
me sleep in all the way till 9 today
when usually have my five five or six
and this is out my back well if I see if
you guys can see but my my back has a
ladybug back because they did the copy
so I'm really hoping that out come
Monday um which is in today's that I'll
be able to lift heavy my stuff one more
day of recovery tomorrow and I should be
fine but I'm exhausted right now it's
time for me to go to sleep so see you
guys tomorrow
good night
