hey whats up beautiful people so I
wanted to connect with you guys on a
different level here the first level
being I'm not in gym club in am actually
wearing some sort of paint on my face
and I actually brushed my hair a little
bit today I just wanted to connect it to
you guys and give you guys a couple
updates first update paying I actually
want to feature a lot more positive role
model influential type of females on my
channel so if there any females that you
guys would like to nominate that you
know they're on YouTube IG vine snapchat
Twitter go ahead and write their name in
the comments below and I would love to
meet them second update is barbell
Brigade actually has a talk show where
we talk about different topics like
cooking parts or I look good at the gym
my girlfriend hates it would what do so
we just talk about different funny fun
topics like that um if you guys are
interested in checking out that show go
ahead and click on the link right here
last and final update is I'm up actually
a decent gamer I actually don't like to
play crazy games like first-person
shooter or just any first person type of
games or I don't like running in a dark
forest where I'm running away from this
guy with the mask in a tuxedo and I
can't see anything and I'm like loading
his flashlight with in the flesh I
haven't thought about it that is not my
kind of game at all like I just want to
cry when I play games like that so I
stick to very happy the very beautiful
simple straightforward games um like
touch his for one and the second game
that I'm actually getting really into is
this super cool like mystery game that's
like centered in the 1930s which is by
far my favorite era of all time in terms
of fashion um and it's called pearls
peril and it's basically like this
mystery game where you have to unlock
all these different clues to go to the
next level and you the basic premise of
it is to discover who killed pearls dad
because he just mysteriously disappeared
right so there's different levels like
um someone threw a paper in the trash
and they shredded it so then you have to
find that paper get it and then you put
the pieces altogether and then you
like a clue to the to advance to the
next level another one is you play this
on calm and I use another coin so you
play this game here right and it tells
you what to look for and these are some
sort of clues that you need to collect
um in order to advance to the next level
so for example right here it's saying a
coin viewer right so a coin beer would
be there and you think it's actually
pretty simple but they actually do a
really good job of hiding certain things
because certain things will be like
missing a painting and if you're like
staring at it you're like oh what the
heck support is this thing and what I
absolutely love about it is one the
graphics obviously and two is it you're
like constantly searching for clues so
you feel like you're like this really
cool detective and I initially found
this game on my facebook and I'm like
dude this is really cool game it's
really cool way to pass the time but
then when I found out that it was
available for ipad I'm like dude I did
it I need to download that thing
immediately so I went ahead and I did
that and I thought okay well like every
other game you play out there whatever
levels you made it up to you that
doesn't matter because from when you
move from you know Facebook to iPad
iPhone or whatever it kind of like reset
to you have to start all over but what
it was really cool as you can log in
with your Facebook on your iPad or your
iPhone like I have here and on you can
resume play where you stop sounds like
hey that's really cool um so yeah if you
guys are interested in playing this game
I'm gonna leave a soundly in my
description go ahead click on that and
let me know what you think about it so
until next time y'all
