hey whats up beautiful people so today
is a beautiful day but it's kind of
raining so it's a beautiful day but it's
kind of a bummer because I'm not leveled
up in my room under the covers but all
in all it's still a good day I opened up
my workout with speed squats I did it to
see percent of my max my new max being
225 I finally hit that I've been chasing
that forever now um and I tribute that
that I've been chasing it forever to the
fact that i'm not really a consistent
liver lifter flipper flipper I'm not a
consistent lifter prior to hitting that
225 I took a month off not because I
wanted to but one I got sick too I just
really didn't have the time to invest
into working out so I was kind of forced
to take that month off but it was really
cool to come back and then finally hit
225 I wish I had footage for you guys
for that but it actually came to a
surprise to me that I was able to hit it
speed squats at 135 at sixty percent of
my max and it felt really good so at the
bottom I did a three-second pause and to
ensure that I hit those three seconds I
had bar counted for me so that's why you
can see him going like 123 and then
you're supposed to just shoot out of the
hole which felt really really easy today
it was a super confidence booster then
it moves into speed bench and I had to
use this bent it's like the worst bench
in the world but all in all it's cool
just because since they were speeds into
a speed bench I'll need to sixty percent
of my max hi max be 110 which is so
sauce money and so sorry again it just
doesn't increase because I'm not a
consistent lift there and uh so I just
stay weak there's no other real way to
explain it other than explaining the
truth so um my I did my sixty percent
was supposed to be at 65 but I thought
that was like gonna be way too easy on
so i decided two point five on each side
and making it seven so i did five sets
of two at 70 and it felt really easy
again with a three-second pause at the
bottom shooting it out so did I keep
real se as I lose a lot of tightness on
my upper back and I need to work on that
a lot so I'm gonna be more consistent
I'm actually committing to a meet this
September right now we're in May so
that's definitely going to happen and
that's definitely motivation for me
it on on top of that I am also cutting a
little bit more some tracking my macros
and right now i'm only at seventeen
fifty calories so i'm sure that's going
to take a poll on me pretty soon but i
think that's where the mental toughness
comes in something that I've always said
that I need to work on so I'm looking
forward to strengthening all that and
then so from bench I moved on to my
dad's lips so recently as you guys have
been watching or those of you that have
been watching I think the two of you
guys set a watch um I always have issues
with my upper back it's constantly
rounding there is no pain there is
nothing going on that like really
affects me but I'm just not being an
efficient lifter I warm up with 125 and
more I warm up with 135 185 and jump
straight to 225 warm up with that but
since now I'm pulling conventional it
feels a little bit foreign to me so I
thought I was warming up at 225 I did
that for three easy money I felt my back
felt great so I just was like okay this
is dope this is regular because I can
pull over 300 sumos and I'm like okay
this is this is easy cake or easy peasy
and I added 10 pounds each side making
you to 45 I want to pull it and this
Hawkins
and I look at that bar who's like my
coach constantly taking my form and
tweaking my form and he was just staring
at me what I like what the heck is going
on so then I'm like dog this is not
right I'm not gonna do it is this is not
happening to me right now I'm gonna pull
this and it's gonna go up so then I
accepted it again I'm like no I'm not
going down the way I'm on going down to
wake and from this angle I pool 245 it
comes up no problem but I should have
been recording it from the side so that
you can see the ? that was going on up
there because my hips are just way too
why so I think I was trying to pull old
where I leave my hips when I'm pulling
sumo I did the same thing for
conventional which is a total Pig no doe
cuz then i put off by my background and
you just
really bad but I got it up I mean
doesn't say much but stuff like this is
people doing dumbbell rows at 45 the rep
scheme was 12 10 8 and then I closed it
out so I hope you guys are enjoying this
video I know a lot of you guys are young
and looking for side crash so I wanted
to let you guys know if it's opportunity
that was presented to me that I want to
share with you guys its opinion outpost
on it you guys have heard a lot of
people talk about this but i'm a firm
believer in getting paid for your time i
know a lot of you guys like to comment
on my videos so why not get paid for it
go to Opinion Outpost the link is in the
description below all you really need to
do is just help out different major
companies they'll ask you reviews go
after your opinion on specific products
services anything that's coming up for
marketing and you actually get paid for
it so to all my college students that
are just eating ramen all day you need
some side cash go ahead check them out
click on the link in my description box
get paid we're giving your opinion until
next time y'all don't ever forget I
don't know what the heck i'm talking
about just showing you guys my progress
until next time y'all peace
it was like really rare to see females
new car listening and when I did see
them they just didn't look like the P
Mo's that I know they didn't look like
me he looks like extra buff or they just
didn't look like females that I was
familiar
