hey what up guys so question does this
paper guys guys go I'm only doing that
because the first take he didn't say
anything I did now he interrupts anyway
so quest census is very mysterious box
and they were very very discreet and
very like a quiet about telling us is
urgent on their urgent legit if they
were very very discreet about telling us
what was going to be in this package or
like you're gonna wear to send you
something you guys need to unwrap it and
show all of your fans it's secret so
we're opening it with you I'm opening it
because it says but queasy on there I
mean this is quan yeah so i get to open
it you don't open it telcove it thank
goodness or you can do that for the eyes
it's a surprise so close your eyes I a
causal big Mexican eyes of yours oh my
god air bubble and paper you're fine
your quest we're so excited to share a
friend you quest bar with you man
chocolate shop well at a servant 20 80
grams of protein this delicious marriage
of irresistible mission decadent
chocolate is love at first bite we hope
you enjoy the new flavor as much as we
do join us on our quest express hashtag
enjoy min need it enjoying it take a
picture with the mint chocolate chunk
bar while doing something you enjoy tag
it hash I can join mint mint hmm that's
loss let me know my favorite ice cream
is a mint chip so let's see if it tastes
anything like mint and shit oh look at
that welcome only that was bomb it looks
like guacamole actually painting looks
like guacamole and beans actually
the belaquin hmm just gonna mess up your
macros oh you spent like 20 minutes
coupling these macros I dishes on my way
oh yeah okay for all of it is that know
me oh good I really don't mind the taste
of chocolate mmm I need it but this
legitimately is knit and chill I love it
so I love this hashtag enjoyment go on a
description below because you tagged
enjoyment in the pictures you enter to
win all kinds of stuff like GoPros or a
lifetime supply the quest up and then
even need many many many many many many
many more than things and you know what
we enjoy doing I'll be to share
enjoyment with them right now yes we
enjoy eating with ours we love to them
oh no oh yeah I'll just fucking love
yeah oh yeah oh yeah until next time no
make sure to click on the description
below held natural I'm mixed reduce
their your enjoyment with us all much
girl nice i like pheromones
