so I'm at my home bar go up again and
I'm training with beautiful Christie Mae
my woman crush every day I'm Christie
McAfee and I'm a strength and
conditioning coach and a performance
nutritionist and the other woman crush
every day
Desiree Morgan hi I'm Desiree Morgan and
I'm a brawl power lifter at 123 pounds
today we're that's a great interesting
day and I'm kind of like not
disappointed in myself I'm like huh of
all days today Gio why did you do this
today I really wanted to bond with
Christie and with Desiree it sounds like
if you guys training with on today
Christie was like I'm just gonna do some
really light bench work and some really
lights outlets I'm like don't let me
jump in on that recently I've been
trying to really like mimic what I would
do in a competition setting and since
I'll always be benching before their
lips I switch to today so I've been
today and I hit one I think I get 155
for a double on bench with the slingshot
then just hit 165 for one and then I
don't let didn't I hit worked up to 315
for two so they have to leave by 12:00
it's really like 10:30 they're already
like warming up on the bench and I'm
like oh shit like what happened so I
like quickly have to get a bat usually
do some really stupid like Mickey Mouse
like warm up so I'm like all right
bucket I need to change my shoes I get
on the pitch everyone with Bart my guy
cool they're warming up with 25 which is
really close to my max right here I'm
like alright I got it I got it like hold
into L far far left the gate grows right
now I'm like lacking so they're warming
up with 95 on my card can you guys take
those off banana juice bar to the bar
and then any book to like I don't know
like 65 pounds and I'm warming up with
that and they're like ours over 35 on
each side I'm like oh all right so the
Desiree hits it like nothing and then
Chrissy hits it like nothing I'm like
all right I got it I got everything my
weights the name I'm like all right
they're all those 25 I go for the first
one
no wraps nothing not used to training
like this again not even wear my right
shoes I hit it feels heavy shit and I'm
like oh my god what's happening these
are two of like my role models right now
and I'm like not even up to par at all
so I might cook it all right you got
this Geo so I put for my second one
complete struggle Chris yes to come in
but can soup it up for me as you save my
life
oh my god
about two years ago someone made us both
her woman crush Wednesday so she quit
GOI in a picture side by side and like
Krampus was in this picture and I
remember going on Instagram and seeing
the tag and I was like on Gio's page I'm
like I'm in love with this girl and we
became friends through Instagram that
way and then sort of just texting and
talking all the time and then met in
person a couple of times she's here and
they're like fit expose or events and
stuff like that it was actually some
pretty good friends so I have a very
athletic background my parents are both
competitive triathletes and I played a
lot of team sports when I was younger so
my mom was a personal trainer at 24 hour
fitness when I was in high school so I
got into the weight room around like 14
but it was all machines and a lot of
isolation work so I did a lot of that
stuff but since I was in a corporate gym
so often I was around a lot of
bodybuilders and stuff all the time so I
kind of understood the training that
that would need to be done in order to
be a competitive bodybuilder and then I
transitioned into powerlifting because
of Carlos did I have to be good at three
lifts and I know what they are and I'm
like CrossFit and to be good at Olympic
lifting the power lives gymnastic
everything and you never know when you
have to be good at it
stress came out so
powerlifter and I love what it's been
doing in my body I don't I don't get
both if anything it's made me lean or in
tighter so it's an awesome sport
all in all this is really dope treating
my there's super dope humble chicks that
are strong as fuck but on top of that
they look so good I saw that women got
big it bulky at a young age what I
didn't invent is a lot of the women who
are very very developed I mean I didn't
understand the diet that one if I didn't
understand a lot of them take helpers
for lack of a better word I encourage
women so much to just go into gym in
which weights you know don't be here
you're not going to get big manly
muscles and look like a man um I just I
didn't it
what I really tried to tell women is
quit thinking about how it's gonna make
you look and try to start thinking about
how it's gonna make you feel because as
a woman that second you're able to pick
up 300 pounds off the ground with a
deadlift feeling of strength will
completely outweigh any misgivings you
might have about becoming you
you're getting too big because it's not
easy to do it takes a lot of volume in a
lot of years and I think just focusing
on getting strong it's way more than
worrying about how your body's an
electric it
for everyone out there guys and girls
that have told me personally have told
me hey do you know what you might want
to take it easy on lifting those weights
because we don't want you looking like a
man virtually be bulky and I'm like what
are you talking about
look at me I think forward average chick
when it comes to lifting weights I do
lift a little bit more than above
average
now those two females out there that
look super feminine and have again
amazing body again one more time
no homo they live amazing weight and
feeling super fat so girls please stop
telling that to yourself please don't
leave the bullshit understand that every
time you lift the weights you're you
become more capable
you become stronger your confidence goes
through the roof and honestly when you
get butt-ass naked your body is dough
it was like really rare to see females
new car with me and when I did see them
they just didn't look like the females
that I know they didn't look like me it
looks like extra buff or they just
didn't look like females that I was
familiar with so
