we are in the Arnold representing our
number one Bay quest nutrition they were
like hey it'd be so cool for you guys to
check out the arnold classic sports
extravaganza we're like yeah oh yeah we
want to represent so they flew us out
here so for my hotel room if we were
lucky enough to get a free shuttle ride
from our hotel to the restaurant we
finished our meal and it's at a bar it's
really freaking cold it's about an eight
minute walk from the restaurant to our
hotel so can you please call the shut up
so that they can pick us up and it'll be
the balls off and then he said yeah I'm
gonna do that so he called them but then
he saw the question people that they
were gonna walk and he's like I just
want to hang out with cool people and I
don't care about Gio's health and
welfare so he canceled it on this and we
had no idea so we just had to walk for
an excruciating 30 minutes in the
freaking freezing freezing hell whether
we were in a tube with no insulation
have you ever seen your breath in like
Walt indoors yeah because it's not that
cold while you're at lab but it was
fucking freezing into we can see our
breath if you are special sunglasses you
just be a front doors all the time
because it is closer
so we are finally inside the exhibit
Amal we haven't even entered yet and
it's already crazy just like the hallway
and there's like food and like a million
people everywhere and I feel like I'm
already in the exhibit but I'm not even
in there it's actually class little
stores over there so then to the la fit
expo enough of deformity biggest
invention I've ever been to going into
the Arnold it is so fucking massive that
there are exhibitors pouring out of the
heart of it can be contained in the main
room every book it was like clearly no
more touristy people or just like an
amazing loose work in the quest with a
pretty fun because I got to meet other
Fitness youtubers and I got two new fans
at the same time and I get to sneak a
little bite to eat you in there whenever
I want and try this new recipes my gosh
like our liaison she was like you know
it's almost 360 and I'm so we went
immediately to our familia mark
marvellously shuts services to the
amazing mr fell and it may be 10 like
and we picked it a little bit we were
like just trim it up and then part was i
trying to have like a food competition
with like two great harlot because i'm
like such a world record holder
it's always good to share my knowledge
with like people that just start out so
we worked out at this place called Metro
fitness as soon as I walked in she
already had like nothing but machines
everywhere and I'm like ah shit so we
ended up just hovering around a one
squat rack in one rubber mat thing that
we just made it into our makeshift of
the platform but I still got a decent
workout because the people set out
surrounded lip we're super strong and
that they will start pushing each other
so I'd ever from a maximum of it insane
mammoth him never know it was cool to
see their training style Holly have each
other up and majority them were
powerless or so they were like kind of
looking at what we were doing and then
Julia what they were doing we're kind of
like learning from each other and like
cheating off who's really gopalan energy
but still was able to get some training
in although like my body's kind of
fatigue from traveling and stuff felt
like a nice to hit 725 regrets what it's
not like so
yeah I actually broke both of my arms
yesterday oh yeah I'm just push it
through its all about fighting today you
know I still told DJ not not like
something I was super proud of but i'll
still just to get some working so that i
know when i get back home your bottle
forget i'll be able to start now how can
one man tell us so much and has such
perfect hair
after we lifted we went to Pearl and
it's a soy stir bar and then I popped in
the damn choicer cherry and also uh
Brian's as well it's really cool talking
to all the influences like just hanging
out as people you know kind of erasing
the whole YouTube bullshit erasing the
arnolds thing is just we're as humid you
know we're just friends hanging out I
know it's cool to get to know everyone
kind of get to know everyone's likes and
dislike our table was kind of split them
too and then there's the other side the
loser sign if you have the cold outside
and the cool guys I was really fun
eating with the quest family yeah thanks
to this guy thanks Alan because I like
you guys okay I'm to wave goodbye all
sad when Alvin closes what a fag he was
actually a loser fucking hate his
fucking nice faggot or he is a super
cool guy yeah he's no Farrelly he really
made the trip
so today was kind of a bummer today I
opened up with my competition squads
last week on supposed to do 215 but i
think that was just-- bart being very
generous cuz i don't think i'm not
strong yet to do 250 by five sorry cuz
i've done 250 by three before but
