right now we are at camp Hilton and I am
about an hour away from weighing in I am
weighing in for my second ever
powerlifting meet and it's actually
really cute
I said Kiana whatever I'm still stuck
but it's cute cuz this is the first gym
that Bart had his competition at and
when they had it it was like two maybe
three years ago and they were only like
maybe 40 people here and it was a whole
new one platform I'm so fuckin sad
looking but now it's like two day event
there's like so many lifters this is my
second meet but I mean I've gone to like
so many meets now because of like
constantly supporting all the barbell
Brigade athletes but now this is my
personal on me and I'm just really
relaxed I know what to expect already I
know what numbers I need a hit I'm not
going into it super competitive so I'm
just telling myself this is super fun
because it is it's just you like hanging
out and then just kind of get get back
into the competition my mindset for a
power lifter cutting weight is like the
worst thing you can do so when they
introduce macros to the world everything
is like oh hell yeah cause it's like a
steady cut so you're not like cutting 10
20 pounds in like two days a lot of us
like to just stay around like two pounds
above the weight class that we're trying
to go into and then the week of we
slowly start tapering down our meal we
slowly start cutting out carbs my body
is completely depleted of any food any
carbs any water I'm sold thirsty right
now so as soon as I get the green light
and they say hey Geo you've made weight
I'm gonna get my shit and fucking run -
I don't I don't care where you've
donald's or some tacos out Gordo cuz I'm
in San Diego or whatever the hell else
is Baum in San Diego because I'm
starving I don't give a crap about
writing anymore and I want to like
freakin get high sodium food in my body
that's gonna like help me
all this water so that my stomach and my
arms and my muscles in my legs they all
feel fat and bloated and I'm just like
you should be strong today is the day of
the meat
I'm feeling really fucking bad I'm
surprised I'm not like a nervous wreck I
think I've really like convinced myself
I just want to do this for fun so I see
my friend here I'm a chill out and then
when I get on the platform it's just
like
and I'm coming in with zero injuries so
my confidence is really up there just
because I'm like dude finally I get to
actually test my limits my numbers
aren't where I want them to be but I
mean I'm not that I'm not that you're
not me it's just a fun it is working
exciting and I'm so proud to like know
these females because damn I like I'm
highly motivated by them I look up to
them and I'm like I want to be like that
and they motivate me they push me to do
bigger better because I see them doing
and I'm like do you want my slimy
they're so passionate about it and like
when when I first started as he support
it was like really rare to see females
Lucar listening and when I did be there
they just didn't look like the female is
that high no they didn't look like me it
looks like extra buff or they just did
it look like females that I was familiar
so now it's like to see people that look
like me
they're super like there's girls that
like we're all pink and they're like
really cute but you're like squatting at
that looking in say numbers it's
absolutely amazing and I seem to be way
prouder than like being a power lifter
right now in this day and age about a
few months ago there was meat and
Metroflex
where I saw a bunch of like these girls
in stay numbers but they look like your
average troll next door and then when I
saw them doing like these amazing things
it's highly motivating the next day like
I think I even had a dream that night
that I was like competing but the next
day I'm like dude I gotta hit the gym at
a hundred and ten percent every single
time because I want to be like that if
you're having girl problems I feel bad
for you son I got 99 problems but a
bitch ain't one
grab I'm gonna force myself to move on
to medium if not white grip and I've
attempted wide grip a little bit here
and there since since you know that
incident and it still doesn't feel very
well today I did medium grip and have
kind of
