hey whats up beautiful people so just a
quick update I'm so sorry that I haven't
posted in past two weeks just want to
let you guys know that i will be posting
something new and super cool tomorrow on
as you can see i'm in a hotel room
because i've been traveling quite a bit
so i also wanted to let you know that i
am currently at the arnold
schwarzenegger Oh what is it cold arnold
schwarzenegger arnold sports festival
yes but at the Arnold Classic in
columbus ohio i am at the quest booth so
come and say what's up to me at booth
543 let me double check give me a second
543 I knew it also I will be traveling
quite a bit and I wanted to share
something with you guys um on the plane
as you know you have to turn everything
off and you have to keep it on airplane
mode and they tell you turn off any
device that you have so to entertain
myself I play this really cool game and
I'm not kidding because i'm not the
biggest gamer but i like super simple
games so if you can see here i play
words a game Draw Something and then I
play agent Ellis I know you guys have
been seeing everywhere so I see it
everywhere I've seen it on GS you know
on you too i stayed all the time I'm
like what are these people talking about
so I downloaded the game played it I
thought it was really super cool because
you can one play it on airplane mode as
you can see here it's a bunch of clues
but you have to do too um you're
basically playing agent Ellis where
you're like this detective you get all
these clues and you have to solve the
mystery of who kidnapped this particular
actress so as you can see I've already
been playing it's quite addicting and
it's think of it as like um you're
searching for clues but they tell you
what to look for so you're like you're
you're constantly searching for like a
specific item in like this big picture
and I'm like dude where do they poured
it what near are they talking about I
don't know what freaking me they're
talking about but then what I really
look at the picture that has a whole
bunch of different items in it then it
pops up so i highly recommend playing
this game um and have a bunch of fun let
me know what level you're on and if
you're any cheats that you guys can send
my wing go ahead and write in the
comments below until next time actually
till tomorrow guys peace
