hey what's up beautiful people so today
was another upper body day and um you
already know what that means
so I'm not really good at doing pull-ups
I'm horrible that avenged so anything
requiring upper body has been a huge
obstacle for me I've always changed my
grip I can't seem to find like a good
grip position on the bar I'm changing
the grip I'm gonna force myself to move
on to medium if not wide grip and I've
attempted wide grip a little bit here
and there
since since you know that incident and
it still doesn't feel very well today I
did medium grip and I've kind of been
sticking stuff that feels the best
because I still do when I can engage my
live tonight and and when it comes to
wide grip I can't really feel that I'm
engaging my last like I know I am I know
I'm doing it as my form feels fine but
because I can't feel it it's really easy
for me to flare out my elbows so it's
just a matter of just constant
repetition and just practicing with that
but I'm not used to the medium grip at
all whatsoever so I don't understand
what cues what cues to put in play when
I get stuck or I'm like yeah like trying
to fight it through I really don't
understand my body in that position just
yet so I was confident that I could do
95 and wrap that out three by five but
it just it just I couldn't do it but
when I was you know when I was benching
because I know that everyone else around
these benches pretty freakin solid I've
kind of took in their advice and it it
really didn't work for me so that's what
happened on the first lift so I'm like
dude I don't even know why I'm forcing
it so much right now I got to put my ego
aside take off a few pounds and just
work on the form and then that's when I
dropped it down to 85 and then I'm just
I said fuck whatever I think I heard let
me just do what feels right let me just
but I know that your bar path is
supposed to be straight I know that
every time you bring it to your chest
you want to feel like before you push up
you want to break the part like I know
all of these basic rules so I'm like hey
you know what let me just stick to the
basic rules and let me just do what I
know feels right and then that's when I
started realizing that I started to give
you my last and that's when it actually
felt really easy so then I moved up to
90 pounds so I'm like wait a minute let
me take you to baby stuff at the time
and now let's see this part that's like
dude don't do 95 yet just figure out the
form to do just add 2.5 on each side and
then just fill that out so that's kind
of what I did but because I'm using
brand-new muscles that I've never really
used before because I've like continued
to train in close grip a lot of stuff
felt really sore and I was really
fatiguing for my muscles are really
fatigue pretty quickly so unconfident
signed up and now I'm moving on to leg
up close grip bench and um for one I
don't even fit on this fucking bench I
think I'm just way too fucking longer I
need to move up higher on the bench but
I always feel like my ass you can see it
anyway I know that's not the point but
the point being is you put your legs up
on the bench that you're not relying on
so much leg drive um
and Close Grip still right now feels
stupid fucking comfortable but I told
myself hey fucking forget it
one thing though that I did realize when
I was doing Close Grip with my feet up
on the bench because I'm not relying so
much on my leg drive at the bottom um I
realized that my right arm is
significantly stronger than my left arm
and because of that as soon as I start
struggling I immediately feel my right
arm engage and just fucking go full
force when I have like a limp pet
freakin left arm so what I consciously
did I just focused on my left arm every
time I was benching Close Grip and I I
made my right arm to that arm just so
that I can balance it out
I didn't realize how bright dominant I
am so it was pretty funny because at
this point I'm like completely tired
completely fatigued and I was like on my
last rep here and I get freaking stuck
and my legs are up on the bench and I'm
like oh my god I can't fucking believe
I'm about to get stuck on fucking 70
pounds right now
no 75 pounds and I'm like holy shit
alright fuck it let me just put my
fucking legs back down and then just
fight it even that was freaking hard I'm
telling you my arms are frickin fatigues
uh but I pulled through no I looked
around like oh shit did anyone just see
a big-ass fail on such little late now
I'm supposed to be doing weighted
pull-ups but come on man I can't even do
regular fucking pull-ups I can't do a
pull-up without a fucking tip look at
that I have to kick every single time
and I'm just like God dang it what the
hell problems me so on my next one I
said am I gonna be a little bitch even
though I am I get a band and I'm like
all right I'm gonna just use resistance
bands just to kind of give you some
support so that I'm not kipping so I try
to get used to the living
of a strict pull-up and as you can see
here was a complete fucking fail I don't
know what's wrong with me
uh uh and then I just was like okay well
I'm just gonna do the opposite I'm gonna
jump up at the top pull my weight up and
then just slowly release and I guess
work on work on the same muscles but
just in the opposite and closing out
exercises bunch of super sets up like
lat pull-downs
and incline dumbbell flies which I have
never done before so as you can see the
first rep looks completely crazy I
lowered the weight of the dumbbell and
then I just did it super light 10-pound
Unitas in each hand and I was just
working on the floor and trying to
really try to really feel what was it
was really engaging
and then I moved unto underhand bent
over rows and dips and dip is another
one of those upper body exercise that I
completely suck at that I need which is
resistant bands for uhm so yeah guys I
have a lot of work to do if you have any
tips or pointers please let me know and
just never forget I don't know what the
fuck I'm talking about I'm not trying to
give you guys advice in this video I'm
just showing you guys my progress until
next time y'all Hey
Geo there's Margene stupid you stupid
Jews always doing the fucking stupid
shit and then smart Gio is always very
logical and she's less emotional than to
be Gio and the logical Jill's like hey
you know I just slow it down you're
gonna get hurt you're not wearing a belt
you need a focus on staying tight
