good morning guys I'm having another
weird-ass morning so remember I went
off-roading so the truck there was a
problem I was pulling out of the
driveway you here like this really loud
noise it was really hard to turn the
steering wheel so I brought the truck in
2 4 wheel parts to get looked at and I
fucked up cuz I left all my keys there
so this morning when I was trying to
take this guy I was like where the hell
are my keys I was looking all over the
place on the oh yeah I left it at 4
wheel parts duh so got the spare which
is cool but the problem is this spare
ran out of batteries have to do it
manually which is alright you know you
just go up to the door and then you open
it and you can pull this key out from
here
just insert into it pull it out see
there's a key like all inside and that
was fine and then uh I couldn't figure
out to get get it to work manually and I
looked in the manual and it said to hold
the key up just certain key area I
turned it on I was awesome and then my
tire light went on and I was like what's
going on here and then I come outside
and I remember the other day on the
freeway something flew off a truck I try
to swerve but I couldn't I did run over
something and I looked at the front
bumper of the car or the front bumper of
the car school like this thing flew off
the freeway and everything is nice and
clean still but I look at my tire and
I'm like that's for the damages so I
think my tire got punctured and you can
tell it's deflated down there and so
it's just slowly deflating so I don't
want to take this guy out because in
downtown there's a lot of potholes so if
the tires deflate it I'm gonna be fucked
I thought it'd just take my car in
sometime soon get my tire fixed son of a
bitch are you serious
now this thing automatically locked on
me all right so I got my stuff in there
so I gotta take it out and then catch a
uber to the gym so yeah this morning has
been a little bit interesting
the hell this is not working on damn it
there we go like ice it time to take the
uber it to the gym Scott to the gym
everyone sees me and they're pretty
worried about me but it's not as bad as
it looks obviously because uh I've been
able to do JK knees and stuff but today
will be the real test
I got a squat and I both of my arms even
though I'm nestled in the camera right
now I have to hold it back right here I
just mess around with the bar and I was
able to hold just a bar but I got a hit
like 420 or something like that today so
that's gonna be pretty heavy hopefully I
can do it I'll take this off from
squatty but I really have to do it cuz
I'm really close to my meat and as you
get close to me your numbers become that
much more important to hit or I'll just
have a shitty meat so hopefully uh my
squat session goes very well today
make it some coffee since I took over I
couldn't really we'll stop off somewhere
so Charles two random dead me always
keeping this place fuck the hell up with
all these coffee choices drink this I
take my pre-workout what is this damn
Dan they hug these guys up with oh my
god down ran and Demi hook up the staff
good there's fucking cow zones and ice
cream and burritos and shit dude this is
fucking tight it's so funny because
we're a chimra supposed to be fit but
hey at the end of the day it's all about
living life damn it ran out has I gotta
get my water water aren't picked up
don't drop it
grab them a coffee drink my pre-workout
take the shit and they'll let you guys
know how the squat goes but zelma squats
it's kind of hard because the brains
gonna throw me off balance efficient I
get bored i'm just- up but it's also
good since I pull my thumb in there any
weird way
race
it might be this one this one was to
move and also made my way maybe put the
weight on my right leg about four
twenties I moved pretty good I got one
more rep after this
it's really hard and you can see this is
a program about money today so I did
like three steps one three laps due to
two one start really happy 376 4 3 is a
nice which the high bar
their succession exports
so much with my bracelet
so managing
just wrapped up our weekly meeting today
what do you mean it's good people bla so
you're telling me I made sounds with AK
yeah so the difference is like so white
guys like ski pop boom boom clown but
then the right way is yeah this looks
like a giant's maxi pad yeah bullshit
this is for heavy flow I punch you in
the freaking badge yeah okay this bar
you just threw it can you carry
something for me out of hands can you
carry this
yeah can you believe us two morons are
pants y-yeah I can we're not morons were
fun people
we're fun people who got turn the lights
off co-responsible if you don't know
we're talking about call on YouTube look
up big Shaq oh yeah I got a big shot and
then look up uh monster hawk and mom's
not ha he is I think he's a genius
genius comedian cuz this commitment to
his character is so amazing I don't know
how he's not laughing when he's rapping
but it's so
sick so I guess that we are the last
people to leave the office time to go
home
public feeding time and I think Tyco is
trying to poop you can hear him grunting
there it is pushed out you felt in poop
yeah fucking cement ropes dropped off
since amenities it was like a volcano
like a lava coming out of you saw that
you speaking Vietnamese good boy he's
one of my favorite outfits on him and I
love that he has to hold his hands but I
like this outfit cause it's it's white
with blue and he just looks so
presentable and such like such a
gentleman
everything about my nose and smell and
then he lifts up one of his feet his
feet are so big no lift it up I say you
see the blue designated area his heel
goes past that and normally did his heel
goes past that she's his heel his heel
goes past the blue area so they I think
when they made this outfit they're like
all kids that were this normally don't
go past this padded area for their foot
well they didn't consider this little
monster that's two months wearing three
to six month clothing clothing and his
toes like this in the front and then the
heel is hanging from the back we created
a monster papa good boy
ciao
it says Bonjour hello oh he's talking to
you loves to be here
alright so remember when I was showing
you guys that papa was feeding taiga
well
oh and that Tiger was pooping I'll take
a poop he pooped really good he booked
two good cuz now
oh shit there grab the wrong it know
here we go
like there's no longer in his pj's even
the freaking little tub tub why is he
the tub tub there's this wait was this
easier there's like honestly I had poop
all over my hands and arms and it was
just easier after I wiped it with the
baby wipes it still smelled like shit
was just easier to put in here yeah
they're really nice and clean baby could
I use like 20 baby wipes and he's still
smelling shit yeah let me show you I
don't want to be too graphic here but
just so you have an idea you see that
that's my part of the thing that's shit
yeah well that's what's happening at the
Quan Pham right now on a Friday night
what are you guys doing yeah he was
saying that some of the guys they took
out the inside lining so that willing to
use it we get it be a prank
yes that's mean duck towel makini the
pump around come past
he's so keen uh usually wears a lotion
on him yes or no no I put the thing on
the diaper before I even put the lotion
oh you and then I put a I put um in my
hands and I rub the really hard so warms
a lotion I get cold really fast I
pulling this back to you boy that looks
just smells so good
first Alan is hair here's alike it
either
like father like son I hate lotion on my
face and so do you my goddamn foot leash
no I just doesn't like the lotion like
father like sir
oh yeah our post mate is here teeny
teeny hot mama no Tiger is all dressed
and ready to go daily called long he is
now holy crap this guy is freaking like
two feet long ready oh let's get a nice
little hair brushing yeah okay well what
is this like a salon that smells good
that good boy
okay barely fits into this - I know is
huge
time to get our food downstairs I am
starving I haven't ate anything since a
lunchtime okay and then heat up half one
of my meals - just because I'm trying to
be responsible and I need enough protein
so I'm not gonna eat the rice I'm just
gonna eat the protein in here and we got
dent ipz dumplings
Ragini what do we have today so I always
got to get that seaweed salad
it's a Taiwanese staple we got a hollow
BZ pork buns
they're technically done things but they
call it buns Scott cut that Kukoc up as
you got pork it pops leave dumb plaits
in there we got a nice spinach Oh
beef noodle soup in the hizz-ouse Scott
Scott and then we also have
the spinach I love their spinach is so
bomb it's like garlicky and this helps
me fucking poop I eat this thing
helps in the fuckin caca
look at this steamed spinach oh yeah rig
cube rig on the side Ricky you're crazy
why is it like that you freakin weirdo
you freaking crazy I know where's your
elbow like that
oh why some TV or whatever you could
attend just a couple hours of sleep or
you went 30 minutes asleep
it's gonna cost
