hey what's up beautiful people so today
was kind of a bummer today I opened up
with my competition squads last week on
supposed to do the 215 but I think that
was just Bart being very generous cuz I
don't think I'm not strong yet to do 250
by five sorry cuz I've done 250 by three
before but um - 15 by five
couldn't hit that last week so he's like
hey you know what let's play it safe
let's do it Monday meaning today let's
just do let's bring it down to 200 I'm
like hey that should be easy if I was
able to do 215 by 3
I'm kind of making the conversion here
and I'm saying well then 15 pounds off I
should be able to hit two more sets
okay so and Racquet the first three I
already feel like a bunch of miss Cruz I
think I really don't know what happened
I think I'm just tired and on top of
that I was just second-guessing myself
which is like the worst thing that you
could do and I'm always saying this and
I'm guilty of it I'm like mentally I'm
such a big pussy so the first three felt
crazy the fourth was actually a grinder
which it shouldn't have been and I got
stuck at my sticking point like always
but I fought it through which I'm really
happy for because in my previous video I
keep telling you guys that I just give
up because because I feel like I'm not
moving anywhere but then when I look at
the footage and I review everything I'm
like oh shit
I'm not moving as quickly as I would
like to but I'm definitely not going in
the opposite direction so then I'm going
for my fifth trip by this time my quads
are completely wasted which I now
realize is one of my super weakest
points and it's so important that I
stretch those out I need to really build
my quads all because I felt it today
like I only suffered on my first set and
my quads are just wasted it's announced
up to my second and third assets and
again on the fourth one it's a grinder
the fifth one I fail every time so that
was a huge indicator that my quads are
big fat pussies like my fucking brain
and something that I need to just fuck
it annihilate next time and it really
kind of sound like Bart right now but I
guess that's how were a couple we're
fucking crazy um so then I moved on to
my adders and spots which is
specifically for me because of that
weird-ass
points that I have and I went actually a
notch lower than I did last week just to
kind of give myself more of a quad
workout and more of a challenge and last
week I closed out at 1:15 and this week
actually I had a hard time he's been
moving up to 115
I had to do 95 two times and that's
including the 30 pound chains on each
side I actually looked forward to
working on front squats today because
I'm like dude this is horrible I'm
really happy that I was able to find one
of my many weaknesses being one being
the quads and I'm like dude I need it I
need to kill him I need to annihilate
them
today with front squats so I started off
with 95 Aaron that ended up at one time
but these are all about this and I took
my time on every single one of them I
always feel like I need to be like a rep
Queen and shit and like any rest that I
take I'm like losing games or something
I don't know why I think like that but
today I'm like dude geo there's smart G
on stupid geo stupid she was always
doing the fucking stupid shit and then
smart Gio is always very logical and
she's less emotional than stupid Gio and
the logical Gio's like hey you know I
just slow it down you're gonna get hurt
you're not wearing a belt you need a
focus on staying tight keeping that core
tight keep it that back tight you know
spreading the floor opening up your
knees when you come to the bottom so
there were a lot of things that I
learned by just slowing it down a bit
I pretty much closed out the workout
with a bunch of accessory works just to
strengthen my hammies and my qualities
um that's just a cute version and that's
just what they're called when they're on
female bodies every week I'm trying to
increase at least five pounds on all of
my accessory work I'm trying to still
keep that accessory work also at an RPD
9 I'm not trying to go two balls out
because again it's accessory work it's
not my mean lip and I don't want to get
burned out and and just have a horrible
workout but I guess I turned a really
bad fucking work out into a very
positive workout because I was able to
realize a lot of a lot more weaknesses
that I have and I I feel good I feel
really confident about myself because
I'm really really paying attention to on
my body and my muscles and and
mentally I'm really trying to get my
head in the game and I'm trying really
hard to be strong in every single aspect
of training so I hope you guys enjoyed
this video until next time y'all peace
with that beautiful people so today I am
feeling like friggin hyped up and crazy
and hella motivated um but it's mainly
because I literally drank two monsters
but
