hey what up beautiful people so I just
finished all upper body accessory day
bodybuilding type of day today
but today was really cool because it
wasn't just regular bench press it was
Spoto bench press and for y'all that
don't know what it is on you basically
bringing it down right but it floats
like about an inch to an inch and a half
above your chest you hold it there and
then you press so it never really
touches your chest um and I did three
sets of five with a three-second pause
and that was pretty neat because I'm
pretty blank at the spa
I'm just pretty weak in general for that
so it was really great want to get the
fun on the exercise that yeah I mean I
highly recommend it for anyone because
it forces you to keep your body tight
and it forces you to just be very aware
of everything like you know keeping your
back ty keeping your lats ty you know
keeping your core tight like that's also
very important so when I'm doing photos
is a very conscious and aware of all of
those elements so moving on I did
overhead press and I absolutely made
that because I have on top of being
super weak upper body my shoulders are
the worst and I have zero
comes to that so that really forces me
to strengthen my core run cuz I'm
standing up and it's not a push press
where you're using your legs to push it
up so don't get that confused your
company your standing completely still
your legs are slightly bent you don't
want it to be locked because then you
can get into it but you're not pushing
at all with your legs it's a strict
press and you bring it down and then you
just push it right back up and it's kind
of looking the same as a bench but it's
a venture you're pushing from your back
why do people get have that
misconception and they feel like they're
they think that they need to be pressing
with their arms only but no it's
actually a full body but anyway that's
not what I'm turning into but when
you're doing overhead press it actually
forces you to use similar muscles that
you would when you're bench pressing but
since you are laying on your back and
you're pressing from your back you're
neglecting all these other back muscles
that you should be strengthening so
that's what overhead press does but I
did those and those completely suck ass
for me because I'm just weak dude so I'm
really trying really hard to move up
even if it's like 2 pounds every time
I'm pushing myself to move up and not be
a freaking sandbag being a little pussy
head that's always like ooh this is too
OB and then I moved into a bunch of
accessory work which is more on the high
intensity type of training because I'm
super setting a lot of it
the 3 by 15 and I only took about a
minute and between every one of those
sets and let me tell you dude it is
really bad just cuz that's like the
whole key form of cardio that I've had
in like months and it's the worst it's
not even really cardio but the fact that
I'm like taking such short pauses it
feels like cardio to me right so that's
my 40 bucks cardio and it sucked and I
literally felt like I don't know if it
was you know the the pre-workout or that
I'm just like my CNS is completely fried
but I feel horrible right now I feel
like throwing up my energy is just in
the dumps my body is sore I was drinking
water oh this wasn't well this is the
worst it's out I could show you but I
was drinking water my hands are scull
shaky right now that I needed to hold my
water bottle with - oh fuck no that this
is for the big picture and I'm gonna be
super fucking strong when it comes to
skate
at least I hope but I'm just telling
myself and be super strong because it
all starts here
come on Gio it all starts it all starts
in your brain so I'm telling myself that
this is gonna help me and I can't wait
to see all the results so I'm not
thinking of anything else but getting
the workouts in and doing the best that
I can and just constantly push myself
because that's kind of what I've been
neglecting since I've actually started
with you I've kind of just like
sandbagged and I'm like and then I'll be
like I'm kind of tired am i doing more
so with these past like two or three
months I've actually been pretty
consistent I've been pushing myself
really really hard and I've been taking
it super seriously so don't we're
fucking around for me I really want to
make this I'm really pushing to become
elite you know I really want to be
serious I don't wanna fuck around
anymore and and like I said these past
few months I've been I've been just
really putting my heart so blood sweat
tears in every single lift that I do and
I'm constantly dissecting my form I'm
constantly recording myself and they
setting all of that so I appreciate all
of your comments when you guys tell me
you know try this do that this is where
I have trouble and this is what I did
that's really really cool I appreciate
all that so yeah I hope you guys are
learning a little bit of something from
me at least but never forget I never
know what the fuck I'm talking about and
I appreciate all the love so until next
time y'all
today I am feeling like friggin hyped up
and crazy and hella motivated um but
it's mainly because I literally drank
two monsters
