hey with the beautiful people so today I
am feeling like friggin hyped up and
crazy and hella motivated but it's
mainly because I would really drank two
monsters but sorry to read fools and
half a monster in the span of like three
hours so I'm bulking amped right now I
feel like I feel like that um but yes my
training went removability well today
I'm actually really freaking happy and
excited about my progress I think the
meat really really motivate motivated me
and put me in this new mindset that I
didn't even ever know existed in my
brain
or in my mind or in my head so for those
of you that don't know I recently
competed I guess the first week of
January that weekend I competed in camp
Alton my second meat ever but
technically is my first meat because the
very first meat that I ever did was last
year in March and my back was completely
freaking demolished the head injury so
I'm gonna count this one as my first
meat over and and it was a really really
fun experience I recommend it to anybody
that's you know thinking about becoming
a power lifter because it really does
put you in a new mindset it really does
motivate you especially if you do it
with the right people I was fortunate
enough to do it with Monty
um but enough about that a video will be
coming soon about my meat so that you
guys can scope it out and see what it
what I'm talking about but today I
started my workout with three easy light
set pause squats at 175 and it felt
really really good I felt really good at
the bottom I felt like I was in complete
control the whole time I didn't feel
like my core or anything was loose
I know back in the day I was completely
scared of pause spots cuz I'm just like
oh shit I'm gonna lose tightness at the
bottom and I'm gonna re injure myself
but no um again I'm gonna I'm gonna talk
about the new mindset that I'm in and it
feels super confident I feel like there
is nothing there that mentally I cannot
do anymore and I want to keep this
momentum going because it feels freakin
amazing I have to tell you man like
prior to this I always told myself like
before even on rocking the weight
whether it's bench deadlift or squat
before and rocking away that I would see
the number and it's something that I'm
not used to hitting and then everybody
immediately tell myself in my own head
internally you just be like okay you're
not gonna get that and it's the worst
thing to do but dude I'm not saying that
anymore so I hit 175 3x3 and it felt
super light super easy and that was just
the kind of warm things up to just to
make sure to like you know form check
make sure that I'm not losing any
tightness and just to keep to keep my
form on check and keep it on point
because if I don't swap more than once a
week or if I squat less than once a week
then I noticed when I go back to
squatting the week off
then that I start like my form starts
breaking it's really odd so this is just
a good mental preparation to keep
everything on check so that when I do
squat again I come back stronger so
moving on I started doing my competition
deadlift and I did 3x5 of 255 and that
felt super light I know that I'm still
rounding my back I'm highly aware so all
of you guys leaving your comments about
my shitty form and my shitty back trust
me dude I know but I am confident that
that's gonna change because I'm
constantly like aware of what my
weaknesses are and I'm constantly
working on it and I'm trying really hard
to make a mental note and a physical
check that I am hitting all my
weaknesses and making them strengths and
you know under the guidance of Bart
who's not only my boyfriend not only my
business partner but also my coach he
sees all my weaknesses and he puts that
in my programming I'm like so fortunate
to have because he just has like this
specific programming just for me and my
weaknesses so trust me guys I know where
my weaknesses are but I appreciate the
comments so um 2:55 felt really easy
despite the shitty form so then I moved
on to reverse bad and by this point
I mean deadlifts are just taxing just in
general are just a fucking taxing
exercise so I made sure that I was like
super pumped and super mentally ready
and I told myself that 255 ain't shit
I'm gonna make my bitch and it flew up
and it felt really good so after doing
my 3 sets of 5 now it was time to move
to reverse ban so I had my coach tell me
hey you know how did you want me to set
up the band so he's like ok set him up
this way so I go and I do my reverse
bands of 255 I guess to just warm up
because essentially what supposed to
happen it it's kind of it kind of works
like a block pool where it's super light
at the bottom and
what right when you're lifting it up
that's when you're putting in all of the
work so it's a block pool but just with
bent so with that theory I thought okay
so when I pick it up off the ground it
should be like 50% lighter wrong I was
like dude it feels like I have no
friction bands on right now because
everything feels like I'm putting in a
hundred percent of the work and I had to
do another three by five reverse bands
so I'm like I walked over to Bard I'm
like hey um I don't know what's
happening either I'm super weak right
now or super fatigued but 255 feels
really fucking heavy he's like well it
shouldn't you know cuz you're not
putting in the work at the bottom and
then he looks at and he's like ah shit I
put the bands on wrong I'm like god damn
it which is okay it's just kind of an
extra-credit set I mean yeah it was a
little bit taxing but again it's really
cool because I get to work on my mental
strength again so I'm like fuck it let's
just do it let's just fucking attack the
3x5 again reverse band and I moved up to
295 because I said all right 255 is
gonna be fucking hey and it was because
as you can see here it just flies up cuz
I'm only doing like fucking less than
50% of the work so I'm like cool so move
up to 295 that smoke City and I had you
know our awesome friends the kilo Club
if you guys don't know who they are look
them up on Facebook and on Instagram
it's just another powerlifting crew
they're freaking awesome close friend of
ours and they should have had our gym
and they're like constantly supporting
us and yelling for us and just wishing
nothing but that like the best for us so
as everyone's listening as the guys are
lifting and then the girls are lifting
everyone is behind everyone like
motivating them and yelling like yeah
you got this you got this you got this
and that completely changed the game for
me and I'm like so fuckin motivated now
cuz I'm like dude they're screaming for
me I can't let them down
so I went up next full bar hey I think
I'm gonna do 3:15 I'm gonna pull through
16 ah and he's like dude do it like yeah
so I walked up and I pulled it I know
again guys trust me I know my form was
really shitty but it felt so good
especially mentally for me I feel like
anytime I can cut overcome anything
mentally that is a huge PR for me
because I've not been saying for like
the past few videos mentally I'm a big
fucking pussy so for me it was a huge
feat today and I'm so proud of myself
not to say that I'm like satisfied where
I am but I'm just that just boosted up
my confidence and I feel like 315 is
gonna fly up next time I have zero
reverse bends so today overall was an
amazing day and I couldn't be happier so
they're now moving on to accessory work
by this point I'm completely exhausted I
look pale but we have to do it because
again these are my weaknesses and that's
what I need to focus on it's like yeah
it's good to focus on your strengths and
make them stronger but dude if you make
a weakness into a strength you overcome
everything so I hope you guys enjoyed my
video and I hope you guys were able to
learn a little something
if not hey just follow my journey
because we're on the same page I know
absolutely nothing about lifting but I'm
here to share the little bit that I know
until next time y'all Hey
you can kind of see it a little bit let
me see if I do it again right about
there
