hey what's up beautiful people
what's up beautiful people hey okay so
today I'm actually gonna make something
that you're really gonna enjoy because I
always hear you complain about this all
the time what do I complain about so
you've been drinking protein genes for
how long now for like 15 years yeah and
I personally love drinking
what's dinking what I personally love
Jamie love drinking protein shake
I like to think dude no you don't you're
always complaining about oh man you like
to drink this because for me I treat it
as a dessert I don't know about you guys
out there but I do
exactly so I'm drinking it I like to sip
it swirl it on my mouth cuz it tastes
really good now for you because I know
you are about it this recipe is just for
you okay today we are making chocolate
peanut butter protein shakes oh cool
yeah super cool so I'm gonna need you to
be my pour my mixer and my shaker dude
okay alright so I'm gonna use my phone
to read off the ingredients so no no no
you need to do that shaking alright
ready yeah
so everything goes into the mixer yeah
because we're gonna blend it okay
alright so you are gonna get one cup
mm-hmm of unsweetened vanilla almond
cocoa one cup okay I always like
measuring this stuff out alright yeah
take your time just a cup just a cup
just
alright got it yep and because then you
do we're gonna take forever to pour
already pre-measured the next two items
really yeah you're gonna add one an hour
you're gonna add a half a cup of water
or not up to you if you want to be fancy
because I'm Asian and I don't like to
waste nothing
all right because you're also a diva in
your fancy nope and then you're gonna
get two cups of ice but a B but a
blender yeah lucky guess
okay now let's work on the protein
powders so we are gonna get a scoop of
the peanut butter protein powder that
little guy over here and I really like
these protein powders cuz they're sweet
but they're not super sweet cuz as much
as I love candy for all of you guys that
know that I freaking love candy we're
gonna get a half scoop of the chocolate
a half scoop half scoop as much as I
love candy I actually don't like sweet
stuff like desserts and my wish doesn't
make anything breakfast food I'm not the
biggest fan of he likes candy but she
doesn't like cakes or pies which means
she's a weirdo
no you're such a hater it means I'm
gonna pass on my dessert and give it to
you I'm probably gonna take that's
pretty good boo like sweet stuff but
does it like sweet stuff you're a hater
I love sweet stuff but I don't like the
sweet desserts okay now we are gonna get
the quest protein peanut butter cups
what's all bomb on the whole super-duper
bomb and they're super healthy
all right shaker dude um open these up
which I already did for you cuz I knew
you're gonna take forever and you're
gonna chop them up don't throw them in
here chop them up can I trust you with
the knife so much attitude
I've only I'm specializing nightly so
just kind of cut it up enough to where
it's gonna make a protein chunky today
you have some nature oh yeah it is so
good
okay Leslie I know you're actually doing
a pretty good jump surprised that should
be fine
I'm the one with the knife okay that
looks beautiful okay so you're gonna get
hold off on throwing anything in there
okay right
um you're gonna get a table spoon just
one because because peanuts will creep
up on you in the fats area oh yeah
1 tablespoon of peanuts alright tables
yeah 1 tablespoon and now just put it on
the plate are you are you gonna get one
and a half tablespoons of zero calorie
sweetener one and a half tablespoons
well I have pulled up there you go yeah
you did yeah one and a half nazi spoons
right table table gallon one and a half
tablespoons throw that in there
and now you are gonna pour all of that
in it all the peanuts
yeah that are in my personal opinion a
lot better than Andy you don't mean too
much so now what you're gonna do
that was pretty easy right I think this
was only like five minutes cut it out
now what we're gonna do we're gonna swap
so where I'm standing right now you're
gonna be standing there and then you're
gonna mix everything right now ready and
go okay your show sucks yeah put it
there you go and now you're gonna blend
it all up okay yeah you got it
there you go yep are you ready bro let's
do it wanna make sure nothing leaks yeah
I like what stops chunky yeah I'd like
to talk to you
I think you're good
you know you gotta do this by ear okay
okay yummy chunks already um if this is
too watery for you sometimes I like to
switch it up to you something like it's
super watery other times I like a little
bit more tense so then I'll add more ice
but the only problem with that that I
always mess up on I don't know if this
happens to use when I add too much ice
to water ratio and then it just gets all
stuck at the bottom so I like to take it
easy and then I like to you waited
adding some shake it's drink okay I had
a long day everything that he's doing
guys especially my yellows my gosh
people being a bully this is actually a
serving for two people so don't be don't
want it chunky don't be agent about your
portions chunky it is I know I can't
wait here okay I didn't know if there's
enough that's why all right oh that's
cold
I know no more no no I'm good and that's
it in five minutes you were able to make
really bomb protein shakes go ahead try
it I think we should have got a bonus
chocolates so chunky so I hope you guys
enjoyed this chocolate peanut butter did
light melt in your mouth with all these
awesome chunky chunks recipe seriously
super easy I think we can all do it it's
like everything that you guys have at
home anyway I'm gonna go ahead and put
the recipe in the description box so go
ahead and scope that out try it and let
me know what you guys think until next
time y'all I'll drink you later boys icy
drink or tink is it dunk all right
all right so this is an ice-cream maker
that you guys are looking at right now
and this is about this is gonna make
about four servings so so it's um oh man
that's freaking bomb
