hey what's up beautiful people so I am
back today this weekend literally a day
before this video was shot I had just
completed my second ever powerlifting
meet but I was so made it motivated from
that meet that I just couldn't stay away
from the gym and I had to come back here
I learned so freaking much from that
meet that I'm like okay I'm gonna apply
it cuz it's still fresh in my mind
so here I am doing 205 which before my
meet I had the worst sticking point up
at the top where you can kind of see it
a little bit let me see if I do it again
right about there that's my sticking
point and I'm like alright whatever
I still fought through that so let me go
over and do 215 which is what I closed
at my knee so I'm like let me see if I
can hit that again so here I have my
homeboy Lou my my brother my son is
spotting me and I'm like okay cool this
feels good this feels good and again I
had that second boy but it felt like I
don't know what the hell happened here
cuz I'm like I got it I got it and then
I come to realize now that I'm watching
the video that I was still moving up I
don't know why I dumped it like an idiot
so obviously something's going on
mentally that I need to freaking work on
some like fuck it fuck this I'm not a
bitch I'm gonna do it again
so here I go attempting it again with my
brother with my son friggin Nadeem aka
Chris here and I'm like alright I got
this I got this I'm still moving up but
look if he didn't come to the rescue
I was gonna dump it again so I'm like
you know what fuck this let me work on
that sticking point so I switch over to
a decent squats or pin squats as you can
see there I place the bar up high enough
or I guess low enough where I hit my
sticking point and I'm just now pushing
through that so I make sure I have a
complete stop at the bottom and then I
push through so here are 30 pound
weights like okay that's a little too
light let me add 25 pounds on each side
and I think I'm doing sets of eight here
but I'm only showing you guys for so
that you guys aren't too fucking bored
out of your mind and then I'm like you
know what
this is still a little bit right so let
me increase and I think I moved up here
to UM 35 and I did three sets of eight
for this and it really helped me a lot
um this literally was my last training
session so I'm gonna see how this I
guess how I can apply this one it comes
to squatting once again and now moving
on to front squats which is my I
freaking hate front squats but I need to
build up more leg specifically quad
strength and this is a perfect exercise
to do that also it helps me keep up
right here you can tell I'm not treating
the sets the way it's supposed to be
treated because I'm just bouncing around
all over the place I'm breathing okay
but I'm not really keeping my core tight
enough so that's how you kind of see me
flailing around everywhere I look
completely unstable so there's a lot I
need to work on here and I highly
recommend for all of you guys out there
to record every single one of your sets
and just dissect it just see what you're
doing see if you know what you felt is
actually what it looked like vice versa
sometimes I could feel really good but
it looks like shit Here I am now moving
on to Romanian deadlift trying to trying
to work on some hamstrings um and
actually really liked this workout too
because since I've had a back injury
I've stayed away from these for like
almost a year now because I'm so scared
to reinjure my back and you can see a
slight rounding in my back even though
that's not the emphasis but you can see
a slight rounding in my back because
it's so weak now so I'm really happy to
be doing Romanian deadlifts once again
here I actually fucked up because in my
programming I'm supposed to be doing leg
curls but I dig leg and extensions I
mean it's not a big deal for just one
workout session so again it you know
it's just kind of building out my my
quads that need a lot of building out
honestly my legs just need a lot of
building out
and it felt super weeks I just kept
adding on the weight and then closing
out my workout with some core exercise
and here are some knees to elbows and I
didn't realize I was actually almost
touching my knees look at that
I freaking impressed myself I hadn't
seen this footage until I had edit it
and I'm like when I was doing it I'm
like dude I'm slacking but hey there you
go
until next time y'all peace
