hey what's up guys what's up guys what
you trying to steal my thunder now I
want to give some energy that's why
alright fine thank you okay stop okay so
one of you guys sent me a really cool
message and I felt like I really needed
to share it um cuz I felt like I really
connected with your message I felt like
this is something that I felt before
even though it's not something that I
ever really had the experience this is
what you said so I'm in Hong Kong
there's an examination called the DSC
it's an examination to determine whether
you can enter a university or not Hong
Kong is now developing into an economic
dependent city so without a university
degree you can barely find a job meaning
you're out therefore it's very important
exam for us secondary six whatever that
means which is a high school students in
America I don't know what that means
however this is not an easy exam so you
go to explain how eighty thousand people
from China and Hong Kong go and they
take this exam in about less than
fifteen percent actually pass and get
into a good university you also go to
explain how it's super competitive
because instead of being like the
California or US where you have like
hundreds of colleges to choose from you
only have seven to choose from and if
you don't get into this college you
don't get disagree
so then now you don't get this amazing
job that's going to give you a really
good comfortable life for you and your
family one thing I would like to point
out is
her English is amazing fucking good like
yeah that's one thing he writes better
than some of the motherfuckers that live
here like I I just I just realize that
and I'm like yeah wait what fuck are you
even worried about your future you got
it girl when this is your second month
on language and you write way better
than she does yeah not that I mean
that's Dustin 4/9 for damn sure
I'm just King right fucking good yeah
you work well within a second 6e at the
decay like what what I would write again
whatever the one in high school based
okay fuck a high schooler by like and
high rise better than all the college
students that try to apply for JK you
know what I write like when I was in
high school I wrote like ah is the
cookie I ate the cookie that what that
was me but what she said has a lot of
Merit because I do have relatives that
live in Asia
and yeah I heard that you have an Asian
well and you know them but they're
telling me that Germans midterms and
final exams they actually locked the top
floors of the school in the schools
there they built upwards so they have
like seven eight ten floors and they
lock the top floors because upon you're
receiving bad news about their tests or
even if they just felt that didn't do
well on a test people be jumping from
the ceilings that guy you're like fuck
my life is over
I didn't make a fuckin a jump all the
way down smash straight into the foot
that's how fucking serious it is over
there yeah that sucks
first of all I think that fucking sucks
to have like this pressure for something
that you don't even know is gonna happen
to you like you're you only have like
you've only really lived for like a good
what like seven years cuz
the first fucking 10 your complete moron
you don't know that Sharia ya don't know
shit yeah so you've only the like less
than a decade and you have all this
pressure on yourself like I think I
think that's horrible that needs to
change but that's beside the point
what bar pointed out the fact that you
have what I don't know you just started
smiling out that was funny
because I mean it gave me a new thought
that I'm like holy shit like she has
such a competitive advantage just
globally global like it's not even at an
Asia level like now you have opened so
many doors for yourself that you just
know English because like the whole
world like English Chinese and Spanish
are like the three most used languages
in the world
okay you know you know both of them like
you dominate in both of them like
already girl you should already just pat
yourself on the back and just start just
start pretend like you're gonna make it
rain with money because that's what
you're basically gonna do but you
definitely need to change your mentality
and I know that it's hard because you're
kind of surrounded by this type of
thinking but you can't you can't sell
yourself short like that you can't start
thinking of a bunch of what is because
what is it matter it's good to prepare
and be like okay well you know if I do
this if I do
ABCDEF might happen these are the things
that I might want to do just in case
these secondary third things or whatever
happens but once you start dwelling
that's it you've already fucked yourself
so what you need to do is focus on
studying okay I get it like
you have this you have this expectation
to perform and you feel like if this is
something that you want to do I
understand that right now it's not
really your choice because you do live
with your parents it is their house it
is their rules they are providing for
you so your culture I get it you have to
respect their wishes and that's fine and
you should um but you also have to
realize what it is that you want for
yourself
so yes study get good grades make them
proud of you make them happy but at the
same time keep your eyes and ears open
as to what other things that make you
have you don't think about your parents
at this point think about yourself do
you really like you know writing blogs
you really like sharing a bunch of
photos with your friends do you really
like cooking do you really like sewing
do you really like finding what your
friends are really good at and
developing them like there's so many
options for you out there that you can
really just think about like hey just
sit there and be like what what really
makes me happy cuz I feel like once you
start thinking this way then you start
you started saying like wait a minute I
actually don't want to do economics or I
don't want to be an accountant I think
being a lawyer is kind of boring I'm not
down to do doctor stuff and you start
saying like well you know makes me I'll
be traveling makes me happy what can I
do with that because what you have at
your fingertips now the fact that you
speak Chinese the fact that you speak
English and the fact that we have
internet now it's like you're
possibilities
believe me when I say this are
completely endless
this is absolutely like 100% your world
and I know that you can't see this now
but you really have to sit there and be
truthful to yourself and be like what
makes me happy I think what you're
saying is um
don't think that the DSC is gonna be
determined it like it's gonna be the
exact determinant of your life and what
you're trying to say is look to your
passions as alternative DSE yeah
absolutely that's you're saying yeah and
I understand why this DSC is put into
place right they the majority of the
world mice I was part of this this this
percentages or or like this group is you
don't know what you want you follow this
set path that you know is successful and
there's nothing wrong with that you know
what I mean like they say okay go to
school get this degree major and this
type of thing once you go here then you
go get an internship in this type of
major then you end up with this type of
job it makes sense it's a good system it
works for some people but for some other
people that system doesn't work and
they're like well actually I don't want
to do that I want to try something
completely new and those are the people
that that that that's what I'm kind of I
guess like telling you to think about
that there's these two options but treat
the second option of like the
exploration and following your passions
the same way that you would treat that
DSC that you want to take
study it study your passion study what's
going to make you happy and and I feel
like
