hey what's up guys
so I'm so happy that you guys really
enjoyed my cooking video and you guys
were requesting like what do you what do
you do every morning what do you prepare
what are what are you taking for your
workout or how do you get your tummy so
flat what do you do what do you do what
do you do so another thing I wanted to
share with you guys was that every
morning I've been trying a bunch of
different things to get away from coffee
because I'm I don't really like the
taste of coffee too much but I also
don't like taking any kind of
pre-workout because usually work out in
the morning and I'm like really craw
ghee and I'm like oh man I need energy
and I usually resort to black coffee but
I also really do enjoy tea so when fitzy
hit me up and I looked at the
ingredients and I saw that he was super
organic they use like green tea oolong
tea guarana I was like hey you know what
I'm pretty down to try it but I was a
bit hesitant to try any sort of he
talked detoxing tea because I've tried
detox teas in the past and they've
tasted like crap like um they're like
really herbally I don't know if you guys
know what I mean by that but it was just
like the the the smell was really strong
and then the taste was like super bitter
and I was just not feeling it it did
make me feel good but I'm like I don't
want to go through all of that again but
the people that did too were like hey
you know what just give us a try we
promise we're not like your regular
detox tea it's only 14 days it's gonna
make you feel amazing you're gonna have
energy and
and they just explained all the benefits
so I'm like alright you know what
I'm down I'll try to do anything I can
so that I don't have to resort to
pre-workouts or any other type of things
to wake me up and I wanted to start you
know not drinking so much about coffees
so I made a cup I smelled it and it was
amazing the super aromatic it smells
super citrusy and I'm like okay I think
I'm digging this I try it it's not at
all what I expected it's very subtle in
flavor it's actually super aromatic
citrusy and and the flavor is is um it's
very light it was it was a very pleasant
experience so I've been doing it now for
about a week and I must say that I do
feel amazing it gets rid of bloating I
feel a lot lighter I feel a lot happier
and I don't I don't get that crash
anymore when I drink the black coffee so
right here ladies and gentlemen go ahead
and try it let me know what you guys
think about it I'm gonna try to keep
making these videos of things that I'm
trying things that I like things that I
don't like and keep giving me your
feedbacks so if you guys check it if you
guys try it go ahead and leave them your
review in the description down below
until next time y'all
