hey what's up guys today we are gonna be
doing the one-two-three challenge you
know the challenges it's uh you say one
two three and we try to answer the same
answer to see how well we know each
other
that's perfectly it yeah so Bart's gonna
be holding his phone where he's gonna
have all these questions he's gonna ask
me and then I take a couple seconds to
think about it and then I go one two
three and then at the exact same time we
have to make sure that our answers match
if they don't match then I have to cut
off one of Bart's fingers why I'm Siskin
but yeah so actually if they don't match
ask to cut off one of your fingers why I
know you better than you know yourself
sometime the answer key you can't feel
my own idea I'm the entity to yourself
everyone knows that
yeah who is everyone the peoples I've
been watching for the last couple of
years no everyone knows that you're full
of BS so you better freaking know me we
better get the exact same thing right
all the time all right let's do this
tangey Oh question number one if your
girlfriend meeting you could be married
to a movie star who would it be okay
ready yeah one two three we just watched
very and you said it was really good and
yours has my cheetah cheetah yeah yeah
well the reason why she sells the
Cheetahs because earlier we're talking
about this but I thought I was Ryan
Gosling
yeah that's unlike your freakin cheater
because you were fishing for answers and
you had your wrong answer I don't even
know I you told me you thought Ryan
Gosling was helpful I said no I said
they're attractive I don't think he's
hot
I think he's attractive and the only
time I thought he was like more than
attractive but below hot still was for
the notebook just cuz his character was
really cute well what do you like about
what do you like about Brad Pitt and
oh my god I'm just kidding I'm not a
super fan girl like that either but uh
he's very good-looking that he's super
good-looking even as like he gets older
like in theory I think that's like the
worst he's ever looked for me cuz he has
like like bags under his eyes like he's
aging naturally you know nothing wrong
with that but um even then he still
looks really attractive and I think it's
more so so it starts off with his looks
right so the books are very appealing
he's very hot like his body's really
nice his hair colors really dope like
his eyes are gorgeous but then it goes
beyond that cuz like his looks for me
like if he was a total dick under they
go up whatever like not even thinking
about it but because he'll pick like
really awesome like deep roles not like
you're just teeny bopper like every day
like I don't know what's a teen movie
that came out right now I don't know he
doesn't pick like really shallow roles
so I'm like oh wow it really speaks
about like how he how he carries himself
who how he like how seriously he takes
his like his job and his acting and like
like it speaks volumes to me as to what
type of person that he is and the fact
that like he got with someone like
beautiful anything Anjali nothing I know
anything about her either but he left
Jennifer Aniston and he cheated on her
for Angelina Jolie how do you know he
cheated on her isn't that what happened
I don't know I mean you sound like you
were like their girlfriend that you knew
I thought what happened was he was with
her they filmed mr. and mrs. Smith
because her chemistry was so good on set
that he left her I thought that was
common knowledge I mean well yeah I mean
obviously he left her but I don't know
Ichigo you're doing a very coincidental
time period because multiple when they
have a role with another female after
the movies done they go back to the
white Roux they don't go with their
co-star
I mean but we can't say that he cheated
or he didn't because we don't know that
but it was interesting times rinse fishy
I don't know I don't know whatever when
people feel the connection they feel
looking at I think you like them more
than but well no but they've been to get
what's crazy for me so like in Hollywood
everyone's always in your business right
like everyone wants to know like why are
you having lunch with this other female
that's not your wife or why this female
has a boyfriend in deciding lunch with
them like there's so many things that
could be happening but the the media and
the people are always like oh my god
they broke up or oh my god they're
cheating oh my god like they're creating
so many like side stories that it's like
dude relax so I can understand why a lot
of these celebrities don't really last a
long time because there's always like
people like in their business and shit
that it can get to you and it does like
into the routine sometimes so I'm really
surprised and I'm really like fascinated
at these like Hollywood couples that can
last more than like a year together or
like more than three years together cuz
I'm like wow they have a really solid
relationship cuz like Hollywood really
tear as couples apart like crazy that's
true so I say that to say that it's you
know that he's not a cheating type of
person I said oh no this is true but
this is just based off of my own
perception of things you know he's not a
cheating type of person because him and
angelina fan taylor for i don't know how
many years and they've had like several
kids together and they've resolved the
total kids and they seem pretty happy so
my boyfriend soon-to-be husband is gonna
be Brad Pitt I am getting a new plastic
surgery done to my face no no no please
don't I would yeah I don't want it I
don't oh are you done yeah yes your
mouth yeah got it
okay number two if you could be a
celebrity who would it be ready one two
three
and I knew that one I knew that one
because I truly knew it because you can
always talk about how hot she is and she
she has a very complex type of hot like
she is she can pull off an evening gown
and look very classy and look very high
high-end fashion model yes and she
doesn't look very fierce and sultry a
sultry bra and she can also play like
Tomb Raider which is a very active bra
like she's so versatile and she never
picks roles that are like she's got big
knockers and like her she's not known
for it like she's known for her big
knockers but she's ever show it she yeah
like that's
I mean like rules that she came she
doesn't need it to get roles yeah some
some actresses actors they have that
clutch you know they they need this to
get the role like Christina Applegate is
one of those that has big knockers and
she's always getting those roles but not
anymore well sorry but for her she's a
need that like she has skills that books
are so the bonus yeah that mother bonus
that gets boaters yeah looks like it's
going so I knew that you like good job
that was good next question on the key
next question is you've got to 7-eleven
to get milk and he decided to buy me a
treat what did you buy caridy yeah what
what made you think it was doughnuts
what do you think it was doughnut I know
what I like I know what I like it's
about what I wanted cuz I was trying to
think of everything that we get in this
store that we're always talking about
and and 7-eleven has food so they have
like pizza and like they haven't ever be
getting Doritos jeez nona Doritos no
yeah I've never even heard of that
outside of 7-eleven so they have like
they have those food items right that we
knew and I never talked about we're
never like do some of your love pizza
even though I love pizza
I do sometimes like in my head say doing
pizza but we don't talk about that yeah
um and they have their snack aisle the
chip and all that but I don't see going
crazy over that either they have the
candy aisle which is my personal
favorite now you could care less about
it and then when we go out there you
just get water or coffee but the one
thing that rules your heart in 7-eleven
the one thing that you're always talking
about always questioning always like
Madden's gonna fit my macros are um and
I wonder how soft this is or do you
think you think if you eat like two of
them right now
hey do you want to get it to MIT
together he's always done it you're
always talking about doughnuts in Simon
what would be the second thing is a
bonus question if you get your right
keys you're always talking about talkies
all right I gotta find you something
good not good I guess that yeah that's
all like yeah they've got seven more
questions you can fail right now easily
failed on fine we'll get us luck okay
okay fine what percentage of housework
would you say that I would say I do okay
ready yeah one two three
