a meteor just hit you've saved
everything important yeah so meteor just
hit and you save everything important
what would you go back to get I'm
assuming this is from the house
so everything why the fuck would I go
back into the house so I guess what
they're trying to say is you save all
your important shit like your passport
whatever but then there's something that
is not so important that you would still
want to go back in and grab oh man I
mean that it's not that important that I
want to go back and grab okay so fuck my
life I don't give a shit about living
any longer
so I'll run back into this this house
that this meteor hit I mean it's not
even like a meteor hits it that's it
what the hell these questions weird it's
not like it's a fire and like there's
time you just gotta answer it oh my
goodness this is the way that's the way
it's the way these things work oh my god
all right what the hell alright so fuck
all right whatever I mean all right one
two three
nothing um I don't even know either side
to side nothing well that was good we've
all said nothing I mean what the hell
that's a weird ass question because if
it was burning I'm like oh okay I gotta
get something else I'd probably get like
I'm going I have nothing okay fine
all right the last question hmm the same
opposites attract is true because me and
my boyfriend are opposites at the you
and I are opposites at what oh man what
are we obviously that a lot of things
but they want to know from your
perspective what the opposites are that
I guess attracted okay and then wait
okay so I have to blurt out what our
opposite is what we're awesome no I
don't even know why we're gonna think of
the same vocabulary to use to describe
this it doesn't matter all right fine um
all right I have not fucking signal
pulling something out of my ass ready 1
2 3
logical wait wait them see your logical
and I'm crazy or no no I'm just saying
because you always tell me how you're
more emotionally based and I'm more
logically based that's so funny crazy
because I think you're crazy and I'm
normal but you're the one that's always
telling me how logical I am and how more
emotional you are that would have been a
good one you're always saying that have
no emotion
I fucked up on that one but now you're
saying that I'm crazy when I'm the
logical one no I mean like uh you're
just crazy like emotionally you fucking
go there like an example would be just
training in the gym this is one of the
reasons why I can't even train with him
anymore he'll be like come on babe you
got to get it though right so that I can
like move mad weight or whatever right
so I'm like alright so what he really
means is I just gotta get focused and
then just focus on this weight on my
posture me all that stuff right so just
focus but yeah I guess he feels like I'm
not focused enough so then he'll be like
imagine your mom's hanging off a cliff
right now what the fuck are you gonna do
okay or he'll be like oh just fucking
fucking push it down with your feet I'm
like Oh or he'll just get really violent
they still must try to rape you in out
what the fuck you're gonna do they're
trying to fucking rape you and your mom
shoot your dad fucking dead and I'm like
dude I don't need all of that just tell
me to focus and I'll get it that's what
I mean with your crazy focus isn't
enough it is for me because focusing is
like filling out a scantron know what's
someone your mom is getting raped
did it really gotta focus no no it
doesn't work so when he said that I end
up cracking up cuz I'm like fucking
crazy town over here you can just slow
your roll cuz yeah so crazy town over
here this guy fine
alright well how did he do I mean how do
you do it's how I
well how do you how you do if I am the
answer key yeah so how did I do
I think you got uh seven out of ten are
you sure yeah around there seven eight
something what is that legacy average uh
pretty much a for a Mexican
you son of a oh well look at that see
anyway so I got a see I got three no I
got seven out of three right which isn't
it wait
well technically if we play the game
right at me I got a see no but it's oh
my goodness but it means that it says on
the answer key though and I know you
better than you know yourself then you
got seven out of ten right on my scale
all right well you did a good job and
the real love is also present Union so
I'm really happy that you got these go
ahead cruise over to his shadow cuz I'm
gonna asking the exact same questions
and I'm gonna see how well I know him
I honestly I'm not even gonna like try
to brag or be like Tooting my own horn
right now cuz I'm not sure oh good I'm
gonna do so go ahead and check out his
video to see how badly I walk up cuz
these aren't even questions we usually
talk about no never this is like some
high school shit yeah good question
alright guys so fucking egg fuck fuck
and yes more fucks til next time
son Krabs I was bulking okay I was you
were talking I was bulking but now I'm
in my slimming phase so I want to
maintain my muscle I'm at doing up but I
don't want to hold when I was bulking I
was like 160
