hey what's up guys
so come December of 2014
Bart and I would have been together for
six years mm-hmm and Bart calls me a
soul mate I consider part my soul mate I
feel like there's no one else that
understands the mean of course or it
completes me more than this fucking this
fucking jackass Mosca means a lot of
people girls have bigger arms than you
buddy talking about anyway so you would
think after six years of being with your
soul mate your better half the burgers
are necks correct the person that
completes you you think that they would
know all your ins and outs to the point
where they can even read your mind like
you don't even need to express anything
you could be one of those eye to eye
communications where it's just like I
stare at him and I'm just like and he
gots it and I know I already know you're
cold turn off the a/c immediately I know
you get cold real fast
oh really we're gonna start that with
that example no I already know right off
the bat you're gonna give me that money
MA
now look I'm like oh shit she's cold I
think I'm blind that we understand that
fuck oh she's cold I got it somewhat no
they can be doing something else than
you dance
no you never get my cues you don't
understand anything that I want and you
always get it wrong but all the time
most recently and that's not that you
brought a the friggin cold example I'm
like hey I really don't want to sleep
with the a/c on because I'm gonna be
really cold but guess what happens we
still sleep with the a/c on and I'm like
dude you know I'm gonna be really cold
with that because there's a cure for it
everyone knows if you get cold all you
guys just put on more blankets more
sweaters more PJs boom done it's it and
when you problem solved but when you get
hot you take off your clothes you're
butt naked
you can't take your skin on we're just
gonna start sweating so the best
solution is to turn the AC on and then
you just put on more blankets and what
about to do before you this morning
all right grab another blanket boy and I
put on Max's a surprise and I was
very surprised that you did that this
morning no merely surprised you used to
it get used to it that's horrible
I sacrificed myself for your comfort and
I had the worst sleep of my knowledge
because you weren't smart enough to grab
the extra blanket that's horrible you're
supposed to be my soul mate you're
supposed to be my protector you're
supposed to take care of me I am
protecting all night how I was keeping
you warm how Messiah I was giving you my
body heals like this so anyone could
give I could have Tyson laying on your
side of the bed and I'd be pretty
fucking warm and he's furry as fuck was
cuz he's my son he came from me
what part of you the freaking in the
balls part but fell he has a completely
different species by the way no my son
and like he does this to me all the time
where I'm like dude you should have
known better there's no reason that I
have to tell you that you need to take
care of me like that's already is a
boyfriend contract you made an example
of this mind waiting you know you're
talking about though okay so two days
ago I was having this horrible stomach
ache right um and I'm not an exaggerated
person I honestly hate doctors I hate
all of that stuff cuz she's freaked me
out
and I'm sure majority of the world out
there is gonna fill me on this when it's
like you don't want to hear the truth
sometimes because you feel like dude
they're gonna tell you you have some
like horrible disease or something
horrible is happening to you that you're
just like fuck I'm gonna go of course
you want to hear the truth looking coin
well I don't want to hear I reckon it
live in denial cuz I'm just like fuck if
I'm gonna die I'm gonna die I don't care
I don't want I know it's pretty stupid
yes but I'm so scared because I'm not
used to that environment I'm not used to
going to doctors I'm not used to all of
that probing and all that stuff so I'm
just like I can't deal with it
so I rather just deal with my own stuff
but luckily I'm pretty healthy I don't
have anything that's wrong with me am i
allergic to anything I don't get severe
migraines I'm fairly normal I would
think okay so he knows that I never get
sick he knows how many times I've been
to the hospital how many
just a couple times and what would he
whore oh you torn my nigger meniscus so
you got that taken care of yeah and then
there's that one other time you went to
dr. Africa with him it was just that it
was just a physical so every year I try
to have a physical and you guys should
do the same just just to kind of just
make sure that all your parts are just
working all right let's have superior
genetics then you know that there's
nothing ever wrong wait I say you said
you have allergies only to cats
guys are demons oh yeah that's pretty
superior genetics got it anyway and
they're fucking cute as hell so I'm on
anyway so I rarely go to the hospital
and I rarely complain about severe pain
that I need to go to the ER this time it
happened I'm like dude I don't know what
the hell's going on with my body my
stomach hurts like it's never hurt
before I think something really bad is
happening with me internally tight why
don't you tell me what you thought you
had know what was the crazy thing you
got yet oh she thought she had a
wonderful anaconda no no freakin stuff
okay but in my defense
no no just okay but not boy keep going
dude in my defense I didn't know what
that was going on with me I did the fuck
it would anyone else in the right mind
ever do is fucking at 2:00 in the
morning I was like googling shit and I'm
like all right these are my symptoms
what the hell's going on with me and of
course the Internet
which you should believe all the time
because they tell you nothing but facts
being sarcastic here was like hey I
think you have um intestinal worms now
Mike holy shit
now I really need to see the doctor
because they're eating me alive
internally so you and your say you're
not exaggerated earlier on in this video
I'm gonna be saying I'm not exactly the
not I you have intestinal worms eating
you alive
what you could have done is done the
normal Mexican thing and yarmulke count
a cup of shop at the Keela and fucking
kill everything instead of doing that go
ahead do it with your bucket ancient
fucking Asian remedies what are you
talking about my second remedies tequila
tequila kills all the worms
doesn't even make sense anyway so I did
what any normal human being would do and
I said hey you know what I don't know
what's going on with me right now I need
to go to the ER okay
but I would do anything a normal human
being would you see a doctor and run
down the street directly into the ER no
the no human being is I have a tummy
ache let me skip the emergency room and
call the regular doctor I don't have a
regular doctor I don't even have
insurance right now you can call a
normal doctor still without all of that
but instead you go to the exact place
where people get shot at without bullet
wounds their hair is set on fire they're
freaking me out of it okay every other
person in the waiting room is like
freaking quadriplegic seems like
eyeballs are outside of the head and you
are going in either to me but proceed
with the story yes okay so proof right
here that he doesn't even fucking take
care of me he knows all these things
my poor ignorant Mexican ass has no idea
what's going on with Mara with her she
freaks out she goes to the first thing
that she knows is fucking just run in
the arm
yeah just run in to yard cuz they're
gonna take care of you in the ER instead
of him taking care of me his book and
logic kicks and he's like I can't even
believe we're in here I'm feeling like
shit medically I'm stressed Oksana I'm
like dude I never get sick I don't know
how to handle this right now I don't
even know what the hell I should be
doing this fools like lecturing me while
I'm on the fucking hospital but I'm like
dude are you serious right now like if
you knew all this information why didn't
you step up and say it in the beginning
instead of making me go through this
whole process don't know the reason why
cuz you're an idiot and you suck no you
want to have the reason but you know the
true reason why okay because the first
half of this video sub there were some
truths so the truth is yes she'll never
get sick she really is in the hospital
type of environment and she really
visits any type of medical center and I
know that so when you said that your
stomach hurts and you want to go to the
ER in my mind I'm like that's the last
place
really want to go to but since you never
go to these places I'm like it must be
that bad it must be that bad to the
point you already knew what my systems
worried I explained everything to you
and you still went ahead with it look I
asked you at home already on my deal
don't you want to score more doctor like
no I got to get this taken care of now
so in my mind I'm like oh shit this is
really really bad and she's just she's
just holding on for dear life so because
of that that's what we went in but after
we went in so why would you tell me when
I'm already in there and I saw me
because I believed you I believed you up
- up until this point
