this is my comfort zone it feels so good
it looks like night but it's actually
the morning even the puppies are barely
waking up
and meatloaf he's in his favorite place
you'd do anything crazy outside that
wake you up
see the dog go in the light that's crazy
daddy's gonna go work out now I always
try to forget something i everything
prepped the night before my clothes my
meal and the thing that I forgot is my
bottle of water so you guys see that
Marco forget a flask I always have in my
videos that's because I put cool that's
water in there and I think last night I
was just too tired or this morning or is
to daughter calls to Bogner forgot
synodic from 7-eleven get more water get
my coffee and today actually um
that's how actually won't fit pretty
damn early
and I'm getting more more used to waking
up at this time actually he'll wave for
froggy when I wake up at 6 6 or 5:30
it's a faint icon and then when I have
like a nine or ten o'clock fall time I
go back to sleep another hour to that's
what I wake up really groggy but that's
also just preparing kind of like from
day by day so there is also accumulation
fatigue so I don't know how my body's
gonna feel from waking up at 6:00 and
obviously be in four or five hours every
single day for like a whole month but
for today it feels pretty good so I'm
really hoping that on today our bench
later bench press for my workout not to
hit 325 for 10 sets of 3 so
hopefully have a really good fetch
session because the meet that I'm gonna
be doing a December I love you means I'm
really taking on my French because I
think it's one of my past lives so far
so that's why I have so much volume this
I could really get a good number from
the bench but we'll see what are you
doing we have one hand you gotta figure
out a way to carry it maybe like this
yeah that's safe right
you guys want to see something funny so
the guy next to me I think he wants to
race me he's in an x5 could be x5 n but
I think it's a SUV and it keeps pulling
up like closer and closer he wants to
cut me off so I don't know if I should
just let him do it if he's really in
that big of a rush or if I should let
him know a cell and my motherfucking
ride the green light right now so once
this turns yellow that's when I have to
make a decision oh it's yellow
whether or not if I want to let him go
or not I don't know why you wanted to
cut me off dude you should have cero as
we arrived at the red light look at this
muscles going hella fast now but too
late I'm already on the freeway I know
fastest was going on local I'm going 58
to catch up he must've been going 65 why
is he going 65 on local streets I don't
know but we're arriving at the at the
red light on the way there were maybe
about like 300 feet away he kept
signaling to the left and he kept trying
to get way ahead of me and I even slowed
down a little bit but I guess his his
driving wasn't on point it's kind of
shaking as I wait don't have enough
space to cut in front of him and brake
and he just didn't do it and then he had
a signal on and I could just seem
creeped up like you really wanted to
take it but peace out buddy you don't
know what you're fucking with should've
done a research on the cars homie I'm
just kidding and this is LA traffic
right here fly onto the freeway entrance
and bam
awesome traffic now we're going 30 miles
an hour it's so funny huh this car
bone-stock can do 0 to 60 I think you're
like something was the number again I
think was like low fours or even under 4
seconds
and I've never even gonna hit 60 on this
LA traffic at least today and it's so
unpredictable some days you come I wake
up this early and it's nice and cleaner
which is why I like going to the gym
this early and then some days it's like
this words eleven ten miles an hour and
I'm just trying to figure out where I
should go because there's two freeways
that it can take me to Marbella one's a
7/10 and one's a five and I'm like which
ones I gotta take him usually I just
kind of look at it and whichever one
looks not too bad it's always always the
lesser of the two evils we're moving
along though backed up at 30 really
putting that 0-60 to use all 700 horses
on the floor this is my morning which so
when I get to the gym open my gym bag
pull out my shoes this is out always
Rifton take all these guys which are
either my normal casual shoes or my
slippers over here and then the first
thing I get it's very important is my
pre-workout these days because plug the
tight as a motherfucker put this right
here real quick and the proper way is
you mix it have the right dough mix it
with water
that's when the cock becomes it it's a
really good chaser
I don't know this is a right way to do
it but it takes less time to find a
water bottle
1:48 it mixing it all up like fuck up
doing drugs
oh joy so bear
but sitting is
- swigs of water we're done and then all
that like go deep powder it filled my
mouth
check the coffee
now that I'm double doses of caffeine
I've gone the bathroom I take a shit in
a while I'm taking it shit laughing does
this work I wake up a little bit roll
out here a tulip training was kind of
rough today to be honest so I had a 325
10 by 3 that's what I had to do and most
of the sets I got all three reps some
only got to think only two of them I got
two got really tired but every time you
get close to the end of a meet prep
between your body's being pushed to the
limits and you're overloading you know
so of course he's gonna you're tough and
rough but yeah I'm doing what I can and
now I'm trying to look for a trash can I
finish drinking my protein and if
they're nervous seems to be enough
public trash cans in America
like I wish there were more trash can so
there'd be less than litter on the road
but I shall even know if that's the case
with in Japan they don't have that many
ken's yeah people don't really litter I
think it's just the culture so people
have trash they either put in their
backpack when they put it in a plastic
bag or something that hold on to it and
they never throw it on the ground but
our America I do see public trash cans
yeah it's just total trash on the floor
I don't know what it is I think like
Americans just love shitting when they
sleep behind trashcan
BAM awesome just got to the office as
you guys can see and I'll have a tweak
of my neck out so I'm like looking at it
funny I think I'm like the seventh set
of bench my shoulder rolled out I wasn't
tight enough we're just getting really
hard and heavy pretty much been shooting
for like an hour and a half straight and
I was pushing hard with my neck kind of
tweaked hopefully I could take a hot
shower he's a hot bath tonight and I
hope he'll it but I'm not I might try to
arrange for like that massage person to
come through so I can get healed up
before than me
time to get to work just finished
showering and right after I shower I can
never put clothes off I start sweating
like a motherfucker but I did notice
that the lighting in this specific room
in the JK office is Heligan so I don't
know how I mean I look on camera here
but if you look in the mirror though I
look like way leaner so a little secret
I try to take any time I I feel like I
got Lina always trying to take a photo
in here because it just makes me look
way leaner and in real life I don't even
think about but what's also cool is I
call this the motivational mirror
because this tells me if I keep going
what I'll look like in a month or two so
it just makes me push forward and you
can see like I am like I'm getting more
shoulder and tricep separation I'm
getting a vein coming out my abs are
coming in obliques are coming in
striations on the chest and sweat beads
on my forehead because I'm sweaty so I
got to start flexing stop flex
you guys want to see some possible sneak
peaks for January everything is not
locked in yet but I'll give you guys a
really quick glance and I know you
motherfuckers are gonna hit pause and do
all that bullshit but and also keep in
mind that that printer isn't calibrated
so it could be a couple shades off but
here are some other releases in January
there's these guys okay and then there's
these guys and then there's these guys
and then there's these guys okay that's
it but pretty much we're going with the
keeping true to our og black and white
and the natural theme for the branding
and throughout the year as we progress
here's more sneak peeks we're gonna get
more colorful bringing in the trends but
tying that in and a very barbell weight
oh yeah I figured a fit Expo is this a
fit Expo exclusive yes it is so these
are some exclusive stuff that we're
gonna offer at the Le Fed Expo one of
them we already have in and it's right
here it's hella fresh it's a soft camo
and it's clean this goes on the back so
we got a lot of exciting things going on
that's all also we're also making a
clothes for sluts so if you're a slut
and you want to buy clothes we're gonna
be offering B's I'm just kidding it's a
secret project that were working on so
that's all I can show you for now
without giving too much away because
that's how we work oh yeah and that's
the FedEx boat booth sneak peek and
Marie just sent off her daughter to
college how does it feel
did you uh just take a shower
what are you have in your hair it looks
curly how come it looks like there's
like wax or something no it looks nice I
was gonna compliment you see how you got
all self-conscious I was just like oh
just take a shower and they're like no
I'm homeless I'm like let Marie's shy
which is one of the best moms out there
I'm just gonna hold on because I know it
feels awkward and then Marie starts
acting funny and making funny faces
sorry I couldn't show you guys too much
because because some of those sneak
peeks are so far ahead like January 2018
things could change so I don't want to
put things out that are too concrete or
to submit because you know my staff is
still working on these and so on
televisions are concrete kind of really
discussed it and if we were to really
discuss things and you guys really want
to be in on the know make sure you
subscribe to the barbed up or gate
channel because there's a segment on
there called CEOs corner and that stuff
is when all news comes early in terms of
the whole brand so if there's new
launches you'll probably know like maybe
even a month beforehand if there's
something dope happening at the gym
you'll know like a month beforehand like
anything you know like all kinds of
stuff exclusive pricing whatever and
that that is really to kind of really be
able to bring the brand and in a make it
as transparent as possible we kind of
got inspired by you know how like every
September back in the day
rest in peace steve job but i used to
have like the september keynote speech
anyone let you know what's gonna happen
for the whole year on a big big scale
and were like well what if we took that
concept may it gets smaller and let
people know of all the updates nitty
gritty things here and there like you
know people are into Easy's was like
what if people knew a month ahead of
time that the next color easy was gonna
be like this heather gray like how cool
would that be you know instead of wafers
big announcement once a year i wanted to
have these constant little announcements
so people could really feel connected to
the brand and know like what's happening
that's what we want to do with that so
if you're really interested in the brand
make sure you check out a ceo's corner
on borrow berg a channel and there's all
kinds of really cool updates now it's
time for me to meet with Casey and Joe
on our film just got a haircut I'm not
supposed to go home actually looks
pretty good I do feel way better whoa I
just will smack the camera against the
window I'm supposed to go home but my
neck and trap is really bothering me
that injury I got from Benjen today
and now it's to the point where I can
barely keep my head up like if I wanted
to keep my head up like this it hurts a
lot I can't I can't even drive I gotta
look over my shoulder to check for blind
spots and stuff but I can't even do that
cuz uh my neck hurts so bad and this guy
is driving crazy uh-huh this lady doing
so I think I might try to sneak in a
chiropractor session right now but the
place that I go to dr. King he's fuckin
dope and because he's fucking dope just
so many athletes that see him
I'm also driving without a seat belt by
ready to pussy problem but there's so
many athletes I go see him that he's
always booked so I'm gonna just see if I
can get a walk in right now and get my
neck fixed cuz they should have
Straubing and it's driving to the point
oh the music it's all sexy I've brought
them to the point where I don't even
know if I can hold tight at night
because my whole right arm is like going
numb I don't know what happened but uh
how I got really got to find a way to
get this fixed
so right now Easton mishima me and what
is this I call a warming thing
it's a he padding up the muscles okay so
that's the heat pass and loosen up the
muscles and hopefully it makes me feel
better it already feels like with the
Easton machine that my muscles are
already getting more relaxed I think
that what they're trying to do is just
relax it loosened up so they can
actually work on it and I guess put back
what it's supposed to be a place maybe I
should even vlog with my right hand
right side problem
so far um I did the electric stim stuff
and then you had another guy work on me
and you're really like
I think broke up some of the muscle
helped me relax a little bit and and now
we're on the next space when I like
might even want to try to get up like
this at Hertz right here yeah that's
normal your keys right now is nice they
don't alright so the next step is rapid
release what exactly is that
so this machine helps release the muscle
and tension it breaks down the lactic
acid in the muscles oh it's just really
loud but she's not very painful okay
really loud yeah but
yeah
dude dr. King is the man so first of all
apologies to him because of me he stayed
over an hour and a half longer than when
they're closed but that's what I like
about him like he really cares about his
patients so I came in late but he still
saw me just cuz I think he saw how
urgent it was Roz like he knows I'm an
athlete I'm a power lifter and for me to
come in last minute means that I
probably have a meet to prepare for so
he wanted to help me out but I forever
in the Monterey Park area check out
inspirational chiropractic he's super
dope when I first came in today my range
of motion was like this my neck was so
stiff but I couldn't move but now after
him I go from here all that are here I'm
down here up here it doesn't look like
much but the range of motion is much
more than when I first came in and
myself to come back one more time he
says that's one thing I like about him
like a lot of other people do I got to
see you like 12 more times for him he's
like the next time you come in done so
he even told me what to do to go home I
got to go home hot tub for like 15
minutes and then put an ice pack on 15
minutes let the swelling go down and I
just need one more time and it should be
okay so looks like I'll be back on track
but he says I actually injured both
sides my left side he didn't tell me
what the injury was but the right side I
pulled a ligament so no wonder why it's
so painful but time to go home now
finally okay I just got home and this is
what I love about my bear there are
always contraptions that marburg gets
that makes our boy look super cute the
mob is playing with tyka and this
contraption were using we went
off-roading and I don't know what was he
driving no so what I do because he does
bicycle right yes so what I do now
because it's types of a string I just
have him kick it yeah so that it moves
it
that's so smart kicking it and it keeps
moving and it just attention look he's
the one she could not go leaping down
excuse me
what made you want to take this out and
put that one over there I notice that he
gets bored of things really quickly yeah
I don't know if it's him or if it's a
newborn thing oh yeah it's a newborn
thing um so I i want to constantly
stimulate him so once i felt like he
already figured out the way the other
one worked out yeah already jamming
jamming out on that path so the piano
thinks i just took everything off laid
it on the left cuz he studies the
exercise turning to his left
yeah which is you can see the mir that
was on that and with it no it's over
here yeah there's a bunch of toys that
he reaches for now yeah
and then this thing so it's just a new
stimulation every time he kicks it it's
cool because it moves it for him when
she's like yeah very kidney Thanks
she doesn't fit him anymore her look his
feet are like this and that's like for
like three to six months right I think
you deserve a three three oh okay guys
it's freaking huge baby yeah months for
me funny potato me love but I know look
at poor Papa Papa oh my god are you
stuck like this it almost feels like a
pinched nerve where like certain things
is just it just hits it on the oh shit
sorry you like you're wearing a back
brace how are you gonna do it for JK
news tomorrow
I just can't meet you animate
yes this guy mr. oh wait that's fun
this guy is thoroughly entertained still
for anyone that's wondering where I got
this it's the best purchase ever because
I got it for my Kia so it was so
inexpensive and look at this he just
kicks it tames himself I get those feet
so he's doing the damn thing and it
comes with that little cat too well when
I was in the says thank you so much for
watching Bart stay but he can't really
finish this vlog because he's out of
commission so thank you guys so much for
watching Bart today see you guys
tomorrow
Oh
