so it's a day we came here to check up
on the painting because although the
building is brand new it's not our
friend and it's not the color that we
want
we're just painting everything like and
we just try to keep it raw and simple
simplistic black white raw materials
wood metal so if you look up we have a
lot raw organic textures in our old gym
we have our name displayed with our logo
and we wanted to bring that same i-5 and
then like just style into this new place
so we're doing the exact same thing but
because you have a ginormous wall we
were like well we can't have the same
size cuz it's gonna look kind of bitch
cuz it literally would only fit like
this wall here so we brought in a
professional and he's doing it by hand
so we got the mock-up 60 feet looks kind
of like a little bitch now after you see
that 85 foot work and since we really
want to like get that feeling of barbell
Brigade and like know where the fuck
you're at we're like you know we just
have to go with the top one and there's
almost a grand difference I think it's
well worth it it's
you only want to come there you know
like you see it or like I got a piece
did I got a dominate hungry
so that's gonna be that's gonna be it
once the painting is done that would
things can happen real fast
here pretty quick so our turf just got
delivered it's 500 pounds we don't have
a forklift you gotta figure out a way to
get it down yeah he looks at me like hey
Amish you
they have a plan Aaron's gonna get a
rope he's gonna tie it to the turf tie
it to his truck and he's gonna drive it
out that's the plan
all my devasting experience with it
heavy heavy
your chariot
this place is like worlds apart from the
first gym and what we had envisioned is
we want the front reception area to be
able to have the feel of a barbell
Brigade retail store and I think it's on
its way there like it really feels like
a store not be on Fairfax or on Melrose
in LA but then when you go out onto the
gym floor then you beast it and that
environment completely changes and
that's what we're going for and I think
we've really achieved it who in you're
given a limited budget you're forced to
be creative and I think we've got really
creative and I like the way it looks
if you just have unlimited funding then
you don't really even have to eat your
brain that much you just buy all the
best shit and sometimes the best stuff
doesn't come out with the most money so
I'm really happy to have we were forced
to be creative and I think we came out
with a product that all of us are pretty
fuckin happy with so when we first
started it was just bar 9 and you were
just like look at each other like what
do you think what do you think okay
let's just do it
and it's one of those things but now
it's like you have a whole family LT mum
people that were like hey what do you
guys think they give us your two cents
so it's not only like the barbell guys
that are like hella dope tell it down
for like the whole bar problem you can't
even have like JT to like Casey's
actually critics right now that like
hella supports us and have like a seat
is joe like the whole JK team and that's
that's like believing in this dream for
so it's like it happens like a bunch of
fuel to our fire that's really no now
the bigger crew it's like we can we can
conquer anything I usually sleep like
nine hours a day I try to but
Norman like six
and
generally tired but a lot to do from the
morning of its all night so I'm gonna
sleepy face but it's worth it
it's more convenient for all the members
and it's a huge location with a shift on
the street parking there's two bay doors
it's wall circulated I couldn't have
found a better place oh we couldn't have
done a better place the Sun feels really
cool to start ripping apart the whole
gym because I know we're moving into a
bigger better place so woke up this
morning at 8 o'clock we met up at the
gym and we already had like 10 members
like members not even like her stuff or
anything like 10 members down and and
willing to get down and dirty with us
and they had like this whole assembly
line thing started
they were like moving the weights and
they were moving like all the equipment
what I think like accelerated the whole
process is the fact that everyone lives
so it went really really really frickin
bad within like an hour or two like 90%
of the gym was empty it looks crazy
because this is the way it looked like
when we first got the place just not so
fucked up it's crazy like it's really
happening it's it's being torn down back
to its bare minimum
it just looks like a warehouse now
there's a lot of memories made here but
you know it's like this is where like
the humble beginnings were but the new
places 200 times better
everyone is sweating bald like we didn't
even like get to eat very much like I
don't just go go go go go go go go right
and then there was a moment like in this
hot-ass weather where we were all kind
of sitting down because there was
nothing to do at that at that moment I
sat there and it was just like I'm here
and I'm experiencing this with you guys
and I'm moving and it's hot and I'm
tired and I'm hungry but it felt so
peaceful you knew that this was the
right moment and the right time and the
right place to be with these people it
was just like all right cool
like now you're home we would have known
in less than a year we had to move to a
bigger place
you have thinking's and philosophies of
theory and then you have actual
practical usage so the things that we
thought would work in theory at the
whole Gemma F 109 we were like oh shit
you know what the monkey bar is too
close to the wall that's when people
can't squat there Matt this jib will
really like to hang out with each other
and they like to put in a duffel bags
with them you know what we need to space
the bench of the squad right away so we
took everything that we planned
theoretically but also applied real-life
scenarios and we were able to plan this
gym with a combination of both so I
think that this gym not only is he gonna
fulfill both me and Gio's creative
vision but also the practicality that
all our members me
sharing this feeling and this experience
with like the members and our staff I
think because of the relationship I have
with our members that they're not just
members now they're just like literally
friends like these aren't like people I
really like hanging out with it makes
this move and it makes this like
accomplishment for us and it makes it
sweeter because it's like it's cool to
have it for yourself but when you can
like pass this feeling forward and other
people get to share this experience with
you it's for me at least it just it just
made it that much sweeter because if it
was just part and I doing this it's cool
you know we're just like oh wow okay but
if you did a great job but to know that
all these other people are feeling the
exact same thing we're feeling and
they're just as attached to this whole
thing as we are it's really though it
feels like my heart
ideally we wanted somewhere in downtown
LA because we just figured you know to
develop being area there's like a lot of
open-minded people just cause like
there's a lot more CrossFit boxes around
that area there's like a lot of younger
people kind of migrating there so we're
like yo that kind of sounds like it's
more powered demographic
