hey what's up beautiful people
so today I had myself a little deadlift
party I recently injured my back and by
recently I mean like four or five months
ago
and I had to change my stance from
conventional deadlift to what you see
now sumo did it and not until like
seriously three four months later am I
able to now finally move my weight up to
where it presents a challenge here as
you can see my back my form is horrible
I just finished pitching right there my
back is rounded every single time but
honestly this is huge progress from you
because for the past few months
I'm not kidding you 134 which is 45
plates on each side was seriously moving
so slow cuz I could not for the life of
me figure out the form of fucking sumo
deadlift I fucking hated it I cussed out
sumo and whoever invented the fucking
similar thought that I was like what the
fuck is wrong with you people
this isn't meant for me I hate it I hate
it I hate it I hate it but as much as I
complain I still tried every single
session to get in deadlift even if it
wasn't deadlift they I didn't give a
shit I said fuck it I'm gonna do it I
hate that I know that I can at least
pull 300 pounds but fuck you
135 why are you fucking killing me right
now so like I said that sports a few
months later this is me now I am doing
some reverse band work just so that I
can overload my muscles making it easy
at the bottom but forcing me to hold the
heaviest point at the top right there I
still have a lot of problems with my
lockout that I didn't even realize I had
lockout problems why because I could
only fucking do 1:35 back in the day so
this video is actually super cool for me
to watch because it teaches me so much
about my form and it's something that
I absolutely love about weightlifting
specifically pallets because it's so
many my nerd tiny my new tweaks that you
can make that make a world of a
difference actually I absolutely love
this exercise because I have like a huge
confident issue in as soon as weights
get a little bit heavy on me I fucking
choke I hate it but it's true I choke
and I'm like I forget every technique
and I make all the stupid base mix
mistakes that you shouldn't be making
this right here our box pools that are
gonna help me on my lockout what I
notice that I need to do that I'm not
walking out at least for competition SiC
these would not count at all because if
you like dude you have a really soft
lockout and they probably would say you
know what you you're not even locking it
out properly what I need to be doing is
blocking my knees engaging my hips
pushing my hips through pulling back and
here look this is a perfect example of
my back never comes back I think on the
last one I believe it's this one right
here I lean back
that's a lockout but I think I hit a
lockout like maybe 20 like 20 percent
out of the hundred that I fucking pool
this day but again I'm not gonna bash on
myself cuz this has been the biggest
progress today
like I feel no pain on my back I'm just
so proud of myself I'm gonna keep
recording myself just so that I can get
better thank you guys so much for your
continued support I love you guys can't
wait to see you guys again make sure to
pick up all your barbell Brigade gear at
WWE our Bob brigade
