our needs are very specific so we need a
big open warehouse we've checked out
Vernon Lincoln Heights arch district
commerce South Montebello Monterey Park
East LA so those are the more industrial
areas that we're looking at everywhere
we go I find different parts of LA and I
find different properties to look at and
sometimes there's properties that are
really unique and I'm like oh cool you
know like if he built like an office
like this but if that building or which
it starts to like let me know pretty
much like how all the building
structures of LA like what the options
are and if I'm able to combine and then
kind of formulate in my mind what would
be the most ideal location for Bob up
the gate it's giving me a lot of ideas
so far our frontrunner is the location
that was on Barranca it's huge
9,000 square feet the guy bathroom this
has like six stalls with girls bathroom
has like another six all there's like
three or four offices to run barbell
brigade up Parramatta
and it's just a big open space with
great lighting without even turning the
lights on I mean that was probably our
20th property we looked at and we had a
couple other runner up but one got sold
and the other one only wants to sell and
doesn't want to lease but in this whole
quest of finding a place like we haven't
really found one location where it was
just like oh this is the one like every
location we went to it had elements of
things that we really wanted in the gym
but nothing really has stuck out to us
yet there's a lot of different elements
that he's been making a pretty hard to
find something for us however we have
seen a couple that seem to fit
far these can with some minor
modifications it's really hard to tell
really hard to tell there's a lot of
work
Chinese people next thought well they
have like a Chinese or Japanese calendar
so a pen is a code words that we kiss
buildings if we don't really like it so
every location we go do but write down
the address and then there's like a
criteria that we wanted to fit and we
number it once to five five being the
best one being of the lowest or the
least that we like it but this one that
we just saw is straight up fuck no fuck
no we're never gonna fucking be here's a
piece of fucking shit and none of our
members have ever fucking liked this
fucking place and they should burn this
fucking building to the fucking ground
fuck no fuck no ideally we wanted
somewhere in downtown LA because we just
figured you know to develop being area
there's like a lot of open-minded people
just cuz like there's a lot more across
those boxes around that area there's
like a lot of younger people kind of
migrating there so we're like yo that
kind of sounds like it's more powered
demographic so that's where we wanted to
start migrating to but then we started
noticing that for the type of money that
we have like the budget that we have for
this expansion it wasn't really ideal
for us because the square footage to the
dollar value of it was it just wasn't
ideal not feeling it just cuz there's no
sprinklers
that's a great area for the numbers I
would be too comfortable with the cars
here and looks like there's a lot of
work that needs to be done to make it
worthwhile yeah we got holes in the
bathroom here oh boy
just go straight to the outside I don't
even got enclosures for the windows
ventilation hey check it out and I turn
on the lights
you see that
and apparently Hector we put it together
no fuck that is it just need a couple a
lot of TLC basketball we've got the
facial on the back it'll kind of worry
about me trying to sneak in here this is
so far is like Jill's dad was just
checking it out to see how much all the
renovations with cost and make it look
presentable so we can get the business
up and running he estimated at least
eight grand
just cosmetics not even building showers
and Billy other functional amenities
it's gonna be probably 20 30 even 40
back we have to consider everything they
just kind of make the best choice with
everything we have now we're trying to
take a look at a couple left that we
need to look at and a narrowing it down
now still need to find a place that's
adequate potential for growth and
eventually we want to start having meats
at the gym and we're also looking for
some places where we can the company
there it's a very fucking big a lot more
affordable than like the place to be
looking at but the area kind of sucks in
terms of growth potential like it's just
a lot of industrial big trucks junkyards
like that type of neighborhood
there's not that much like foot traffic
that will get it's kind of out of
people's ways I don't think that the
workers around here are gonna be like oh
shit cool there's a hardcore power
lifting strength gentleman you know this
is well the Chinatown those we're in our
Chinatown in the middle of Chinatown but
Chinatown is Los Angeles we're just
looking at spaces and it's pretty
convenient actually it's uh right off
the 101 on the ones another five or
whatever you want to talk the pros it's
look big open space it's pretty much
renovated and ready to move in the cons
is the neighbors Akana we're in terms of
branding for the business it's just like
straight alleyway of Hong Kong here and
then you have a random hard core power
lift engine it's just we have like the
incense dealership on the right and we
have like hanging ducks to the left if
we're a calm peaceful go work out
perfectly
choking out the first handful of
locations was really cool just because
you don't really get to play around with
the design of the layout and everything
in your head until you actually see the
physical locations and you're like oh
shit you know what I really didn't even
think about you know placing it this way
or designing this and on this wall or
placing this over here where the sun's
been added or opening up these doors and
having like just ball mass freeze like
come in while you're working on a hot
summer day it's been super stressful
just because we can't look at it at our
leisure we can't have creative as you
want to be right now it's about okay can
we afford it and how quickly can we move
it so if it's too rundown we're just
like okay did we have the pass because
we have less than a month now we have to
think about you know how are we going to
move the current location into this
location what renovations do we have to
make can we afford it do we have enough
time so it's really really really
stressful for everyone right now I
really like the space huge and the
pricing is pretty good I can't give in
our circumstance and we're not like
running
ten million dollar budget we just got to
work with what we have and based on what
you've seen this has like probably the
most potential this would be ideal but
we just gotta make sure we gonna make an
offer just because everyone's doing it
the only thing that's kind of scary is
they want us to obtain a permit for us
to operate out of here and word on the
street is this particular permit takes
about three to six months to get so
that's kind of the next hurdle we have
to overcome and that's kind of the
roadblock that we ran into where no city
was willing to understand and some
cities are so big to the point where you
can't even talk to a person there are
only a sheet of paper with a bunch of
rules and regulations that we just have
to read and of course they're not gonna
cover every single detail and most of
them are here in the direction of no you
cannot have this many people visiting an
industrial area so out of the 40
locations one of the last ones we viewed
was this location and northern downtown
LA also known as Lincoln Heights and the
minute we stepped in there it just felt
really good we walk inside we're like
wow this place is really bright and
spacious it's not as big as to be one
but it feels really cozy we could rock
with this and it was in a specific part
of LA called the Enterprise Zone where
they're extremely flexible because
they're trying to read the v√©lib la it
was a miracle that this last location
that we looked at fit 90% of our
criteria also fitting the city's
regulation also with the perfect
movement
that we're looking for it was literally
this location or Baranov brigade without
it been shut down for it
who knows three months six months a year
so it was actually like just a stroke of
good luck the landlord was looking for a
business with a very interesting story
he took pride in helping businesses
develop that are very creative and
that's what my strings were bottle gain
started from Martin Gio to youtubers
that specialized mainly in comedy that
eventually found a passion for fitness
created a finished channel and then a
fitness apparel company later had a
dream to create the ultimate fitness
facility and that story was compelling
enough for the landlord to take a huge
risk on us and I also hope that we do
well enough that we validate that he
made the right choice so now that we
have the least
next comes the fun part this is the part
where it's all creative and we we know
exactly what we want we know what the
members want and now it's just time to
put smiles on our members faces we're
gonna open a gym and I was looking for a
colorful gym for a while friend of a
friend posted a video on youtube about
the making of the gym or whatever and I
clicked on it and I was just like this
is exactly what I've been looking for
