I actually saw Bart at the 24 at
Monterey Park he actually wanted to work
in with Jay so and then I just let him
know that I was like one of the first
hundred members that joined that and I
just told him I was excited and he
actually let me come by and work out
before the gym actually open and ever
since I was her following some of our
stuff online and that's not that they
were can open a gym and I was looking
for a colorful gym for a while
friend of a friend posted a video on
youtube about the making of the gym or
whatever and I clicked on it and I was
just like this is exactly what I've been
looking for and I came once and I I
signed up in the first hour it's easy to
you know build out a facility where you
have bars and the the racks and and
everything but to have you know kind of
a group collective where everybody is
you know our first-name basis really
feels like family I feel like coming
home
honestly the real will appeal beside the
fact that you have some top talent here
is really the familial environment it's
very uh kinda like a frat house when you
train here it's different from the
commercial gyms you feel like everyone's
motivating you environment is just
something that you can never get in
commercial gym like every time someone's
going for a PR everyone stops and just
cheers you on and yells at you to get
the weight up so that's what I really
like about this place
if I don't know you I'm gonna probably
try to help you out and vice versa and
yeah I learned a lot through barbell and
I feel like a changed life
like final x10 squad full of 400 and I
get here and everybody's like prepping
they're just like oh shit like I can
actually do that and now I know it just
makes you impossible seeing like like
it's just your head I think it's just
having the ability of beardo programming
and sort of just really having more
control over what you want you gave us
the freedom to utilize the things that
we want to do without being bothered
like after swapping like two hours and
don't would bother me I just I love if
there's no like ellipticals in the way
or anything you know it's just like like
squat racks benches and deadlifting so I
like you know it's gotten so far really
gets crowded in there but it's one of
the reasons that love it they got two
packs because everybody loves coming
here but we're moving to a new place the
biggest issue was that it was like kind
of tiny which is cool when it's you know
not too many people when you're trying
to get in there and do like cleans and
you know use those space it's not
Hospital there are some nights where I
can't really get in my workout almost
because everyone is just like waiting
for a place to do their work out it
started to get a little crowded towards
the latter half of this like quarter so
what we're doing now to move I think we
definitely need a bigger location and
it's closer to my house to barbell
Brigade we've increased our membership
pretty quickly our family has grown and
we've outgrown our place although I
don't think we're financially ready to
move yet we discussed it
we think it's actually the right move to
just invest in a bigger place because we
want all our members to feel completely
comfortable and to have a great workout
environment since they love us we have
to love them back so we're looking for a
bigger space that's at least triple the
size and capable of holding meats there
and hopefully it's gonna be like the
next barbell Brigade 2.0 that everyone
is gonna just love and it's their
fantasy gym so brainstorming names I
think one of the first big names that we
landed on it was gonna be called the
warehouse because we were just looking
into warehouses it was just gonna be an
industrial place it sounded cool
