hey what up guys what up today I'm super
duper crazy excited more because I get
to do my very first tag video if I
wanted to do these tag videos with you
for a really long time and today is a
day you just want to make me look bad I
know okay today I'm doing the or we're
doing the girlfriend boyfriend tag and
this is where I ask a bunch of questions
about myself and Bart has to get the
right answer forever right after you get
the point every wrong answer
he loses a point and at clutching his
frickin nose no you didn't say that okay
final functions are you ready mm-hmm
before you before you even start how how
good do you think you're gonna do all
right kill that fucking know you like a
back of my hand I know you like crazy I
love you more than your parents love you
I love you so much it's all those
honey's out there you know like you see
how sweet I am so if we don't work oh
please we're gonna work out then you
know yeah you look like a win every
shirt that's desert all right shut up
let's get started all right number one
when did we meet we met in 2000 that's a
good question that's a good question bro
I think sounds about right now survive a
few fine and I do we meet I'm gonna ask
a few more questions how do you mean we
met through mutual friends do you
remember the first time we met do you
remember your first impression of yours
yeah I want to fuzzy bitch wearing green
contacts for really I used to wear great
contacts and you might be yeah who are
you taking me out no it's just like why
the fuck you weren't these fake-ass
contacts you didn't know me what if they
were my real eyes
no I just colored contacts that the
colors are so flat it just looks like
you have two green polka dots on your
eyes my eyes are kind of green right now
though no but that's I can tell that's
real the fake contacts they don't do a
great job of making them look real so
you trying to say you hated me when you
first met me I never said that
pretty where's my mouth okay fine I'm
just kidding all right to get it right
if I could live anywhere where it would
it be if you could live anywhere
yeah it's about me if you can live
anywhere you would live in Hawaii oh
sure why would I live in Hawaii because
you love the laid-back culture you love
the ocean you love the weather and you
love the food
oh man this is kind of boring no it's
not fine I'm just proving to the world
how sweet of a man I am so if we ever
don't worry fucking sandpaper would be
like dead skin on it halibut baby
that's why hella nasty that's I don't
let you touch me because when you do you
like he'll exfoliate my skin yeah I
believe it all that freaking being her
hair off of you go one food I don't like
it one food II don't like his chocolate
well if you specific cuz I was just
eating chocolate-covered gummy bears
you hate really chocolatey and creamy
things for example you don't like
Hershey bars the big chocolate one
that's fuckin gross exactly see these
you want a long-ass time and they're
watching us and they're expecting some
good shit you're just treating me like
crap I'm doing this video to show how
sweet up a guy is all this huh he's out
there all right who said I love you
first technically
technically I did what did you sit cuz I
don't remember anyone of us saying I
love you so what happened oh what
happened was that one night over at Beth
we were like cuddling and what first got
together and you said Papa Bear only
could pop their pool poor did you say
that babe hey babe and I was like what
you like never mind I do too cuz I
already knew what the hell you're gonna
say but I seal the deal fine
Vic and boy that's not I can't believe
you're guessing everything I was hoping
you would at least forget that one no
someone kill it that's why all right one
what one food could I eat every single
day of my life
wonderful I'll always talk about the
ship you get it wrong punch in the
frickin nowhere now say you can't fuckin
eat anything for every day that's not
what it claims gummy bears sorry bro
you can't you gonna preserve it I'm
thinking or are you doing better I see
you like the no you're depriving me of
it I can't eat it every single given one
more chance let me check let me check
every day every fucking day cuz like
you're so fucking picky that everytime
you eat something more than twice and
you fucking throw a fit not with this
particular item I've always said over
and over and over again I can't even
believe I'm trying to help you right now
give yourself you're just so fucking
picky that like it's like you're so
spoiled
very mature
well do you like crazy you don't ever
act like an adult like a little baby
that needs to be uh whoa I'm a baby I'm
a baby well they're back in there put it
back in there baby
Oh give up pizza
I could eat piece it for the rest of my
life Pizza look is that all about here's
shitty boyfriend all the ladies out
there
the other thing well guess I'll become
stuck with you
