you freaking Dumbo alright this looks
funny and I'll keep you guys a back
story after he answers and fills the
answer oh my god fill it alright what is
my favorite cake your favorite cake but
the funny thing about that is for three
years straight three years straight he
got me ice cream cake right well the
good thing about that is he guessed the
correct ice cream flavor my favorite ice
cream flavor is mint chip and he guessed
it right you got me midship ice cream
cake
however he forgot that I specifically
said I hate eating ice cream cake
because I have really sensitive teeth so
I can't chew on things that are cold
like I can't show nice I can't shoot
like I just can't bite like ice cream
because it hurts my teeth so three years
straight first year I was like oh thanks
after eight I was like um I kind of
don't like ice cream cake was like oh
shit my bad cuz it's his favorite all
right second year holder odd it was like
he pulls it out with like the cat
doesn't shit surprise and I'm like this
ice cream cake he's like yeah it's your
favorite like oh my gosh fucking
confusing that's why people say they
like mint chip ice cream that's
everything but I don't hate it because
of the flavors or anything it's just I
can't chew it and then the spongy part
of the order in the microwave like
everyone else
oh this one's your part of the cake it
forces you to chew you can't just
swallow that freaking bread you're
confusing okay like if you just said
right now if you said I can eat pizza
every single day then guess what I'm
gonna buy you pizza pancakes
I'll buy the cereal I'm gonna buy you
pizza everything any better like
everything that's what you think that's
what you like so you like mint chip ice
cream you should like mint chip ice
cream cake that's are you gonna justify
you fuckin up you're not gonna say sorry
fucking up three years in a row and
ruining your birthday you're gonna
you're gonna try to justify it here in
front of these beautiful before it was
for Theo I didn't get you at that
anymore you didn't get me any cake
actually yeah you should tell me they
wanna kick it boy I said my whole life
my mom always got me cakes and balloon
always this soundbite fucking kick your
balloon Asian bakery cake and fucking
balloons in October waiting for a video
to be posted in October and I'm gonna
start telling you all the disappointing
I'm on a break oh my bio fucking balloon
as a fucking cake 5oc wait did you get
that point yes you do I do duh good all
right what size shoe do I wear you wear
size in and half you know fucking
gangster that's why do you know that I
just know shit like that
this is the same size Oh fucking no I
don't give it all right do I have any
weird obsessions of so what weird
obsessions weird obsessions doo doo dee
dee dee dee oh yes what you fucking hate
hair on your body you shape every part
of your body all the time even your arms
or forearms all that stuff your mustache
you shave all that stuff off you don't
let any of the girl any VI if there's
any hair on my body or any hair on his
body I'm like good look I don't know why
ever since I was a little kid and then
the first day I start puberty and I
started noticing shit growing I was like
oh my god what is that it's like I first
started with nail clippers and I started
just clipping the air off cuz cuz then
it was just like a little bit and then I
went to treat tweezers and then I went
to scissors and then I went to waxing
and then I went to laser TV oh that's
right you have laser - yeah lasers shit
ladies look into laser it's amazing but
yeah uh what was the first move I made
on you the first move you made one needs
to kiss me right here make you submit
here anyway so you can see that the
first move not the hug no everybody
talked about yeah but this one was
different than all the other hugs I
don't consider that consider the first
move something that you wouldn't do to a
regular friend fine would you say that I
need the first move in general yes that
what Oh
Kenna can you elaborate please so pretty
much I'm a gentleman saw the ladies
okay I like that spit bubble up your lip
let's kiss it off gross hello
fine what the hell this is boring it
when you feel I'm too good at this shit
cuz I ladies out there they knows I'm
the sweet gentleman all right what do we
argue about the most we argue about the
most nasty from my perspective or your
perspective ah yours obviously okie from
my perspective is you not being cuny
enough really that's what we argue about
the most of my perspective oh man
off is a good question then what cuz
it's pretty subjective what do you think
we argue about the most no I think okay
that's not even it
that's usually what triggers the
argument but my argument at cuny and in
our barricade terms means how nice it is
so I grew up very traumatic so I liked
everything to be explained to me because
I let her be because I let myself be
vulnerable and she knows the intimate
side of me I like needs to be explained
very soft and sweet or else
easy for me to just go into ass-whooping
mode and just beat the fuck out of her
all over the place but I want to get I
want to get into that we're gonna think
you beat me I don't beat you my I would
love to but but but it's easy for me to
like it it's like it's easy to bring
them the ground up yeah okay okay it's
really easy to bring the Nagata me if
you give you stuff to me the streets
it's easy from international art and
I'll fuck your ass up but I have
reserved a special part of my heart for
you so I really like it when you talk to
you in a very soft and gentle and kind
voice that's what we usually re box the
cleaning it just kind of triggers into
that your perspective whatever it is is
that you uphold me to these conditions
or expectations that you don't even up
keep yourself like for example on the
table you still haven't put away that I
folded you moved it all off the TV to
put on the other desk so go watch TV but
instead of moving into the drawers that
are underneath move it halfway across
the room
how often does that happen it happens
very often stop it that's already went
into this whatever anyway well so maybe
this one's a tie it's a neutral because
we didn't really know what that actually
answers all right fine I'll give you
that one
so I have ten questions so this one has
originally like thirty questions I'm
like what the fuck thirty questions is
insane now look I know about what your
buddy
fuck thirty questions so I just picked
the top ten that I liked and out of
those ten you got nine correct yeah
Bobby don't start celebrating because I
have to do my portion of its I might
whoop your ass no that means I'll find
out if your shitty girlfriend or not so
pretty much that if you don't beat me
that means your shitty girlfriend and
I'm it's only been proving to the world
on ladies I am like the best boyfriend
in the world you know why did you come
all white I don't know maybe because I
ate flavor Euler you fun whatever so he
got nine out of ten questions right go
ahead visit his channel to see how many
I got right and in the comments let see
watch was both videos in the comments
let us know who won and you can't I know
you have a lot of Bart fans out there
they're gonna be like what Bart walk
because he was funnier but no I want it
to be very objective yeah and I want it
to be genomic you think you're gonna get
a nine out of ten I don't know about
that I don't know about that well we'll
have to wait and see thanks guys I hope
you guys enjoyed this video until next
time bye did the shirt I'm wearing is
available at barber brigade calm so back
in the day before Bart and I stopped
loving each other as much as we do we
were for real yeah we were kind of love
in love with you bathe ATS my stuff
you're such a going to his video you'll
see exactly that he's lying no I love
you so much so much anyone sees what
you're gonna murder in all that we are
but it's just for shits and giggles
