hey what up guys
well so back in the day before Barden I
stopped loving each other as much as we
do we were full rule yeah we were kind
of love in love with you bathe ATS
messed up you're such a
go ahead his video you'll see exactly
that he's lying no I love you so much
anyone see some wedding you're gonna
murder in all that we are but it's just
for shits and giggles with my nails so
um yeah the beginning of any
relationship everyone's always trying to
be on their best behavior and you know
you try to you try to mask or hide or
not reveal so quickly all all the dark
things that you do one of them being
taking a shit so Bart is a very
confident person and I think that's what
attracted me to him the most is that
he's not easily embarrassed there's
nothing that he really can do that's
like gonna make it I've never even seen
him turn red like he doesn't get
embarrassed at all he's not ashamed he
just his flaws or whatever you might
think are a flaw cuz I don't even think
he thinks he has any flaws but I have
flawless didn't a fine but does it you
don't you don't play into your flaws
like you don't tell people like I guess
the way other people would be like oh my
god I have small shoulders and oh like I
hate I hope fucking pigma stomach is or
no I don't want to do that because I'm
just gonna be shot like you don't have
that in your body at all like our least
I've never heard it but this one time
was really cute was when we first got
together he had this story that he
wanted to tell me that he was really
embarrassed and didn't really want to
tell me so if you can please explain the
storyboard really quickly just
cliffnotes style and then I'll explain
how I felt about that sir so long story
short I ate something really bad and it
gave me food poisoning and in the middle
of night I had to crawl out a bed and I
had to shit and vomit at the same time
and this was probably like imagine like
a five gallon Sparkletts model just
dumping a whole thing of fucking Dookie
and vomit into the toilet I go back into
bed thinking I feel better in the
morning I go back into the
about them do the same thing and I think
I'm done I go into the bathtub they got
clean all my holes and apples at mouth
hole and what happened was it came out
again but since I'm standing up and
shitting
oh my goes down to the bathtub sprays
back up redecorate the entire bathtub
looks like kid like splash art with
brown sauce and slop and I had to wipe
it all down and the whole bathroom
smelled like shit so it'll be to that
hot water on internet shell that's
pretty much what happened so the last
part that he told you they're both like
the kid art and the splatter and all
that in the bathroom I had no idea
so the night before we went we had
dinner at this Japanese restaurant or
whatever he immediately doesn't feel
good as soon as we get home so I'm like
oh snaps okay well maybe it's maybe you
just obviously ate something bad and he
was like no no I think I just feel weird
it's fine so we had just moved in
together seriously being in the same bed
and we go to sleep and then he gets up
one time sees a restroom comes back and
I I have like this bed that like once
you move like it shakes the entire bed
it's not like a spring mattress yes so
it's okay this is the raw card had
nothing to do with that is a shit yes it
was a shitty bet to sleep in so since it
was a spring spring mattress like the
whole the whole bed move so the first
time I felt I couldn't feel South
American or that way okay yeah okay got
it
so the first time he gets up it feels
normal because it's like okay well he's
got a pin the middle tonight
nothing 30 minutes later gets up again
I'm like oh shit okay well something's
going on cuz if you have to go that fast
right after it's not good and then he
gets up again and I'm like hey is
everything okay he's like yeah yeah
everything's fine I think I just feel a
little bit funny I think I probably ate
something back so I'm like oh shit that
sucks
babe do you want me to go over into the
store right now it's probably like
twisting the morning or like you know a
gas station didn't get you like at least
sprite so that your something could
settle and feel a little bit better I
don't
scientifically no no no what sprite does
to you but that's just one
said and my mom's mom said before her
and somehow miraculously
it does work though it works my mom uses
7up so it's the same shit I think it
should anything carbonated maybe makes
you like burp or I don't know what it
does yeah I don't know so he's like no
you know what I'll be fine
and at this time and are in my life at
least I was working a regular
nine-to-five job I was working in the
financial district and you know downtown
LA and everyone knows that LA traffic is
the freakin worst so I had to be at work
at 9:00 which means from where I live
which is only ten miles away that should
take ten minutes it takes me like an
hour and thirty to get there so that
meant geo every night you need to go to
sleep early so that you can wake up
buck-buck early to get ready and fight
traffic the whole way to work that's la
life yeah that's that's what I was doing
so he was being very considered was like
you know what babe don't worry about it
I I feel a little weird but I think it's
manageable just go to sleep I know you
have work in the morning I'm like okay
so I go to sleep when I sleep I
literally die because I don't feel
anything else as soon as I'm like deep
sleep so you can probably like Rob me
and I'll never know about it until I
wake up but please don't rob me because
that would be fucked up well because
I'll be there so I'll kill yourself
unless he has global guts then he can I
can't deny his vomit on myself
right so next day I get up I check up on
him he's just doing worse and I'm like
oh shit babe like come on like I'm just
gonna call work I'm gonna stay with you
there's no no no no it's really cool I
know how to settle this
don't worry about me I'm like alright
fine he's like you know I was
embarrassed I should wear them and from
where we live there's like literally a
7-eleven like literally like two two
minutes away so he's like I'm just gonna
get some Pedialyte in or maybe like some
sprite and some saltine crackers or
something I'll just take care of myself
it's all good don't worry about it or
maybe I just need to pepto and I'm like
okay cool fun I'll take your word for it
um I'm out of here so I went to work and
you know nine to five on there and I'm
just just constantly checking up on him
like hey are you doing he'll be like oh
man I just finished
or oh man I have like you know I can't
stop using the toilet like at this point
he's not telling me I have the shits or
I'm T I have heavy diarrhea mass
blasting our ass blast syndrome he's
just like giving me very G like discrete
information so that I don't think he's a
fucking slob I'm dead propose even
poo-poos would probably would have been
really embarrassing for you got that at
that phase affair at that phase in our
relationship so I come back home and
this is like around like six or seven
because I'm fighting traffic going to
work and now when I'm getting out of
work the exact same thing I'm fighting
traffic being higher way back so an hour
and thirty minutes later after I was
done with work I finally get home and he
is in bed and he's sweaty and he's pale
and he looks pasty and I came back with
Pedialyte and Gatorade and saltine
crackers and and everything I thought he
needed to fix his food poisoning because
at this point it's obvious that's what
he has and he's laying in bed and and
now he feels like he looks like he's
doing better at least cuz all the toxic
shit no pun intended
yeah really yeah laughs this system so
um for like the next foot for that the
rest of the night he's just laying there
and I'm just like just coming in and
just checking up on him but not much
conversation happening cuz all he was
doing was sleeping so I didn't know
anything that happened that you just
finished cleaning to them I just thought
that okay you threw up um but I didn't
know anything else to expect um but now
knowing the things that happened like
let's say let's say that you it was a
Saturday you didn't have to go to work
right and then let's say all the walls
were made out of glass
he puts to me what the fuck is going on
you can see me with like my ankles
around my neck freaking blasting out of
two holes right what would you feel
given that we've been together for only
three months and you can do T you know
you you Jess
my parents a few times Wow the funny
thing was when we first moved together
you had already thrown up in the toilet
I did yeah because that's what you had
the first case of um was this it wasn't
this when you had like that red carpet
event and you you had to go to that but
you were already throwing up and you had
like food poisoning at that time no I
think this is that evening oh it was I
think this is oh okay then they failed
to mention that that night before I had
got I had to go to work he was throwing
up and his throw up isn't like a regular
like well you just hear that initial
push and then you just hear the splatter
of the toilet water because that's like
all this shit that's coming out I mean
all the vomit that's coming out might as
well be shit now that's normal vomiting
and if you vomit like that guess what
you're normal the way he vomits it's so
violent that it's scary it feels like
all his internal organs are trying to
leave his body in a rush like it doesn't
sound pleasant at all it literally
sounds like there are devils and demons
trying to escape his mouth and it sounds
like it literally sounds like this
like that I'm like honestly the way that
I throw up I really wouldn't be
surprised if I opened my eyes after
throwing up in my intestines are on the
floor yeah I wouldn't be surprised
that's how it feels like it sounds so
painful that as I heard him first time
ever heard in vomit okay
when I heard him vomit I had to go in
the center of my bed who can bring my
knees to my chest and I was like oh my
god
start saying a prayer cuz I didn't know
what the fuck was happening and I just
took it as okay this is normal cuz he's
still breathing
