I think this is normal because he's
still going but I always sweet of you I
was so scared I was scared for your life
well that's a very sweet of you to like
be worried about me and not be like oh
my god this guy's fucking gross
I mean I think it would have been
sweeter if I would have knocked on the
door and like hear you okay but I think
at that time I was being selfish and I
was wearing a but even that thought
sounds I mean it's good that you didn't
fucking pack your bags and like leave no
I lived there you got to pack your bags
and leave it's clear that everyone is
different now like it just made you more
human
oh I said because you get to see another
side of me yeah it was like okay so this
this perfect Bart that I had in my head
now hey girls perfect you're pretty
perfect the word you were pretty perfect
these talents okay so he was like this
God in my head that could do you know
when you really like someone they're
like perfect and it could do no wrong
like they can be dressing like total
total holes or like totals hose hose
total hose okay and you're gonna be like
wow look at her she's very resourceful
like it's really hot and like she's all
well ventilated yes so well ventilated
that's what you that's what you think is
your ear crotch could do no wrong so as
soon as I heard in vomit I was like ah
he's human
okay well how would you feel like let's
say you were at home all day and I
didn't have to tell you the story any
viewed and you were able to see me going
crazy like what how how well at that
moment um I mean I would have helped you
you shattered the grass and let me give
a shout of the glass put on some goggles
so you don't you shit in your eyes and
like fight through the storm I think
well the way you explained it was that
it was a very uncontrollable vomiting so
I don't think there's anything I could
have done except for like console you
when you're done and hug you and say
everything's gonna be okay because
there's nothing I can do you're it's
already coming out like you just have to
let you'd have to go with the flow do
you know what I mean like there's no
point in me like shattering glass and
trying to like give you a helping hand
like you got it under control it's just
we just need to let it happen we need to
let it pass
that's what I would have done like I
would have just been like okay let him
just complete what he's got to do like
he's let nature take its course because
it has to happen cuz he's getting rid of
all its toxins the bodies can
self-regulate so let it let it be and
then once you were done
I wouldn't mock you or make fun of you I
would like I would like wash you off and
then it probably sends you off the bed
neck I'd be a great girlfriend and I was
always clean up all the mess for you
because you feel like shit nothing like
let's say let's say I for some reason
after I shit in the bathtub I just
passed out you would like drag me on my
shit dude that's what a girlfriend
that's what a good girlfriend does you
have to do Wow I did back then do you
really would do although you know I
would take a bunch of photos of you and
just fucking but you so you weren't
scared you weren't like you weren't like
like hey like oh this guy is scary or
he's nasty or what the fuck is will
shitting vomiting like you know I'm not
fair to you because it's not something
that you were able to control it if you
did that and you found it fun and you
did it for recreational purposes I would
probably be like y'all discover
creational yeah I would see this guy I'm
saying thank you you have control over
it and you're having fun with it now
yeah we're doing it like that and with
your glass wall scenario and I saw that
and I'd be like it's fucking weird
okay what about what if the glass wall
right yeah you and I was good well what
if I was shitting so hard that now it's
just you know when you go through a
carwash and then the white of the soap
blocks the window sanity
what if this is all brown and it blocks
the whole thing that's it's still
disgusting don't get me wrong I'm still
grossed out it's shit doesn't matter
what type of god I thought you were as
long as there's shit coming out of your
asshole
it's gross don't get me wrong it's gross
okay I'm not gonna fall in love with you
more if they're small your feces fine
well I'm really happy that you that
you'd be there for me and you wouldn't
judge me
I mean I can't make me feel loved well I
can't judge
because it's not something that you can
control if you can control it I'm pretty
sure that's not what you would do but
that's why I threw it out there and said
if you thought this was fun and this is
something that you do as a pastime then
I would seriously have to reconsider the
mission ship then what okay let's say
this happens you where you had to have a
class shitstorm freakin tornado
hurricane katrina out of your asshole
what would you do and what you try to
hide it or would you tell me or would
you tell me
six months later yeah that's a great
question so it's the beginning of our
relationship I have an S tornado coming
up my butthole because I don't girls are
even more insight here than guys are who
everyone knows that yeah but let's say
for some reason there was a tornado
coming I never asked I would probably
wait a week if not a little bit longer
than I'd be like popular okay tell you a
secret
and then you're gonna say it yeah
because you've never judged me you've
never been a judgmental person so I've
always felt really free and open and
linked well why was just some of the
next Damon tell me as soon as you come
out papa
I'll look into toy look where I did oh
it's not that easy cuz I've been
conditioned to just fear that whole that
whole shit realm I fear it like I don't
ever want to discuss it so it was like
it was a slow process to like come to
actually trying to tell you so that's
what it that's that's why I would it
would take a week if not longer so you
bet you're still at least telling me I
would I'd be like probably I have to
tell you a secret you know that what I
was sick yeah I got all of them I got
all over this hour but when you told him
- but when you told me that you shit it
in there my initial reaction was like oh
what the fuck that I like did you
you clean it no I think you would like
me I was gonna ask us you're like don't
worry I already scrubbed it down
I used whatever spray and I cleaned it
and I remember the night that that night
that I had to use it I was like taking a
shower and that was literally like this
like inspecting all of the walls to make
sure I didn't feel like any shit
particles anywhere and I'm like looking
at before I'm like oh my god you know
the part that I was scared of the most
though is that you know your bathroom at
the time those tiles right yeah and so I
know that the shit on it I was gonna
wash off but like you know the caulking
in between yeah I was like those things
gets stained easily yeah cuz they're
porous and then it's stuck yeah whatever
the balls like since the caulking was
like it was like a eggshell water like
some cream beige color I was like if
that shit sticks that's exactly where I
was looking it comes in she's like wait
a second why is it all fucking brown or
brown
this is it's just brown so I have to
make sure I work so I use your
toothbrush no no but that's literally
what I was doing I was like oh this
fucking sucks and I try to put myself in
your shoes but yes I would tell you but
I would be so embarrassed
this is that you know though if you had
a shitstorm and you passed out I won't
give a fuck I would go in there and
carry you out and clean you cuz my poop
smells like roses no it doesn't I've
been in another room when you took a
fucking dump and it smells like a
fucking dumpster fell over it smell like
a fucking garbage truck ran off a clip
exploded and then fucking all the fumes
came here that's what it smells like
that's so cute
but I love you see I pass participant I
know I love you fucking shit yourself I
would clean off your freaking your it
was like all over my leg oh just like
the little bit on my neck that like what
two amount I would just wipe it all up
and I'll wipe it all off
fucking love you fine about them then we
love each other
so I guess that's the ultimate test if
you want to see if your significant
other really loves you just fucking shit
yourself no no no not even like that you
have to first go to a public restroom
lick the toilet bowl make sure you get
some fungus crappy shit that you ingest
and then and then hope that you get the
worst case scenario yes shit yourself
and be like honey look at me
yeah like make sure to wear denim - so
that like it's slowly starts absorbing
into the denim and then you just see the
brown just or you can wear windbreakers
we're never even comes out better idea
and then and then if you stick with you
their keeper we rock we rock if you guys
would like to hear the story of what
went down the full detail well I think
it's a little too much detail story if
you ask me I think it's too much detail
but if you want to hear his fucking
poopoo shit story of the ass blast go
ahead and ask blast 3000 yeah ice blast
10,000 go ahead and watch his video the
next time y'all
peep out of the six years that Barton
and I have been together there's only
been one time when I thought he was kind
of shady and I doubted him
