hey what up guys today I'm gonna share
some of my warm-up instruction with you
guys Here I am I'm using what is called
a rumble roller it's a more extravagant
sort of foam roller here and it's
something that I would highly recommend
to any athlete out there because you're
gonna be sore you're gonna be tired and
this is a great way to roll out any of
the knots but for those of you guys that
are just that feel like the the blue or
the white or the red foam roll or hurt I
would suggest just kind of moving your
way up to leading up to the foam roller
because supposedly it's supposed to
mimic chiropractic thumbs um and it does
it feels like it's really digging into
your body as you can see from my face
right there well seriously it's
definitely hurts so just kind of
like ease into it but once you do it's
literally heaven set like I can't even
stress how awesome it feels like this
has helped me so much from being sore
like I work out six days a week and we
go pretty hard in the gym and
honestly on top of just building
tolerance like it really rolls out any
of the lactic acid that I have in my
body so before doing any stretch before
doing any of that I do what's called
meshing and I just roll the out of
my hips my quads my hamstrings my back
my arms and see any area of your body
that is rolled and it you immediately
feel pain sorry to say this but this is
a core you're gonna need it the most and
for most cases cases it's just you
wanting to roll it out but if that area
still continues to hurt definitely
definitely definitely seek out some
professional help seriously because it
could be something way worse now this
stretching I was an athlete in college
I played volleyball and my coach was a
firm believer in stretching but after
reading supple upward by Kellys turret
he started implementing dynamic movement
which is stretching but not so static so
here I'm using resistant bands and I'm
stretching out my hamstrings but what's
really dope about this is it it's kind
of mimicking the movement that I'm gonna
be making in the gym so here
specifically I'm opening up my hips
because as you know we need squat when
you're in the hole you actually need
your hips to open up so that it can help
you drive back up and I've noticed a
significant significant gain in all of
my lips after I've done dynamic
stretching like this
just start off slow it's gonna hurt but
just start with the band that gives you
enough resistance to where it's you feel
the tension in your stomach and you feel
it pulling and you feel it opening it up
but not to the point where it hurts so
much that you feel like something's
gonna tear because you never you never
want to do that you don't want to put
yourself out before you even start
lifting another thing that's super duper
important is that you don't keep it
static here you can't really tell but
I'm actually bouncing I'm trying to
mimic the movements that I'm going to be
making in a gym because when you used to
do the old school stretching like Oh
bend over and touch your toes yeah I
mean it doesn't really translate in the
type of working out that you're gonna do
so with dynamic stretching you want to
really mimic the type of movements that
you're gonna be doing when you're
actually working out so here it just
creates this amazing resistance I highly
recommend anybody use it and I just hold
my I hold each pose here for eight
counts of eight I highly recommend
purchasing supple leopard because this
is literally where I got all my
stretches from so I hope this helps you
guys and it helps you get more getting
more gains
thank you so much for watching my video
see you guys next week pace the shirt
I'm wearing is available at bar Bob
brigade comm having learned from my
injury listen I'm actually taking it a
lot slower these days and I'm focusing
more on just getting warmed up
I don't want any more injury I'm tired
of just missing out on all the fun with
everyone around me it gets to work out
looking more
and I have to like like modify all of my
workouts
