hey what's up guys hello out of the six
years that Bart and I have been together
there's only been one time when I
thought he was kind of shady and I
doubted him really yeah
pretty bad so um this is when we were
together for like the first like three
months and um prior to getting together
we knew each other as friends for like
three to four years but even as friends
it was still pretty surface cuz he was
more like he was in the homey circle but
he wasn't like a super close friend he
was like just like the people that would
kick it with you from time to time when
everyone got together yes yeah no you
have like the immediate crew and then
you have like a secondary crew that
comes in and out whenever they have time
to do it so you were kind of that
secondary crew you have the homies at
you texts like every III and then you
have the homies that it's in the super
group texts when everyone is right
involved yeah yeah yeah so you were part
of that secondary homie to me yeah so I
knew you weren't like I knew you had
like a shady past but I didn't know
everything about you I didn't know about
your relationship style I didn't know
about how you treated your mom like I
didn't know any of that shit I just knew
that amongst the homies you're fair
you're respectful you're cool how you
interact with like certain people around
you it was cool so three months into our
relationship you know we were we were
dating we were being super cute with
each other super like furry and we like
would hold hands and again we were
dating like we would go on dates and
stuff like romantic so we were coming
back from a date and we had just
finished having dinner um and it was
around like close to 11:00 at night so
in our area or my area at that time I
was living on camera around 9:00 the
city just dies it's a pretty small city
so everything's really really quiet so
um we were on Chandler coming back and
it's rifle oh shoot sorry I'm sorry
we're on Chapel coming back and um
challenge where we live now yeah yeah
yeah so we were on Chapel
delete tow we're on chapel coming back
home and it was the light was changing
from from yellow going into red and I'm
like screw it just take it cuz there's
nobody around us like just take it so at
this time he was driving a completely
different car than what we have now he
was with what was your Montoya 2x but
why is that special so it's a lowered
truck and it's like a race truck and
it's what does it called um its lateral
G limit is 0.9 so at that time it means
it could take turns harder than a 350z
could so it was it was a handling
machine
okay well speed manual all I know is it
was blue and it was middle and it was
fast and it was loud so I'm like just
take it right because I wanted just to
feel what it was like and of course he's
like he takes it and then we make uh
instead of stopping we just like roll
through that stock and uh we we make a
sharp left and then a sharp right and
we're right on the street that we live
on because we had just recently moved in
with each other so we're like a few
houses down from where we live from and
we're like laughing we're having a good
time cuz it's like dude that felt pretty
badass like you just like we should fuck
you to the law we fucking took that red
left we took that stop sign it was dope
right I was Vin Diesel and Paul Walker
can be a girl finder of Michelle
Rodriguez awesome she's pretty cool so
um so we're like laughing not thinking
anything and I don't at least I didn't
look to see if there were any cops
around us when that stuff was happening
so I was completely oblivious to
anything else besides our little bubble
here and then I hear and I see the
sirens and it's like Rare I'm like oh
shit because I'm deathly afraid of the
law just I've never had any bad
experiences with them but recently
living in a 66 I always get pulled over
all the time for doing absolutely
nothing so at that time anything's gonna
happen like why are you so deputy to the
vault I don't know I just feel like
they're gonna say like I broke a million
laws
and they're just gonna find something
shady on my record even though I don't
do anything shady I just feel I just
think the worst do you think they gonna
beat your ass or anything about no I
just jumped a really crazy conclusion
like what are they gonna frame me for
murder
maybe not fray me but I feel like they
might have like mistaken identity
because I think for most people the only
thing that they're scared of the cops
about in LA is them getting overly
physical like like it's like beating
your ass yeah I mean you know what do
you do well also because they're the law
that they can easily break their own
rules and I'm like dude I'm gonna get
rid that's for no one's there to capture
like I'm gonna get raped today sure yeah
but I mean you were in the car so I mean
I was being anything but as soon as I
heard those sirens
I felt so bad and then you probably
don't remember this but I really felt
bad because I encourage that behavior
like I'm the one that told you to run
that light I'm the one that I don't even
remember that because I probably wanted
to so when he said it told me to do it
it sounded like your own idea yeah okay
cool where well okay well shit I've been
holding that for years okay now I have
it button that's how I remember it in my
head and I felt like as soon as I heard
that I was like shit I'm so sorry like I
got you in trouble I'm so sorry
so I'm like feel bad sitting I'm sitting
like was like a frickin spat you know
right like my hands are like visible and
I'm like fuck dude like I'm already
sweating and like you were completely
cool and like immediately
um busted out the fact that he was like
a marine but not like to be douchey and
not to say it like he didn't just say
like Oh officer I'm a marine the officer
came over to our window and then our his
window and he was like license and
registration and then fart was like
really freaking Slick Rick and smart and
really that way came off really good I
don't
no no you would like super cool oh cool
and I was like okay cool so I was like
feeding off of your energy so I was kind
of like relaxing a little bit and you
were like really smart and I have never
seen anyone do this but you were like
hey officer it's in my glove compartment
is it okay if I go and get and reach it
and I was like wow like my baby is
smooth I got a little baby already yeah
we were together we were you're my baby
so I was like yeah that's mom and like
inside but outside I was like hmm I
probably had like a piston in my pants
you know girl so scared all of those
others days I would talk about in my
video where does the shut up but anyways
go he gets out of the glove compartment
and like he immediately so smart he
doesn't even give him his California ID
he gives him his Marine ID which I'm
like I'm like ooh freaking good good so
smart so smart
cuz you do this yeah and then they're
like wait a second this is your driver's
license and they know but they know now
that your Marines are kind of like one
of them oh I'm so sorry sir really don't
accept that as a form of identification
nobody wants your driver's license they
want to make sure that you're driving ly
yeah okay cuz you could be like a
general they're not gonna give a fuck
you're still being illegal damn you
should go fuck doh
I just kind of killed it off the troop
oh yeah you were smart slash soon as he
did that I was like oh he's pretty smart
so then the guy was um he was like you
know I pulled you over at like the
fucking age old question you know why I
pulled you over right and then I
remember it's like no officer I'm you
know I have no idea and he was like you
know this is a residential street you
shouldn't be going more than 25 in this
in this zone or whatever in this on on
the street and then he's like and you
neglected to see a stop sign there and
then farts like oh I'm so sorry mister
officer like I you know it it was really
late at night you know whatever she's
never plead guilty and you always play
dumb less defense gonna do yeah usually
and um for sure cuz if you try to try to
act like you're smarter you try to
pretend like you didn't do it did again
some big trouble and they might stick
something with a grenade a brass a
grenade so good
now you never know what's every five
five so then you know he the guy final
fall followed you know whatever protocol
yes yeah he fondled part and then he
fought followed whatever protocol he
needs to like start looking up and
inputting whatever information into his
data right so he walks over back to his
patrol car you putting in whatever
bullshit he has to put in about Bart and
I'm sitting there and I'm like oh man
like I feel like shit so I'm just like I
can't believe I did this too far like
this so sucks like I only was thinking
about was like my house is right there
it's like three houses away I can see
the shadows of people laughing that's
how close i I think I can even hear the
TV on
