today is not my day
everything has been messed up so far
it's 7:45 in the morning and I feel like
I'm already completely stressed out so
in the mornings I have to wake up early
to go to the gym so I could make my
early meetings I'm usually in a rush
and I usually prep everything the night
before so for example I'll have the
clothes on I'm worrying now that I'm
gonna wear at the gym I have my clothes
and I'm gonna change into today but I
have already yesterday put it in my
backpack I have my meal prep ready to go
I have a bottle of water filled up to
work out all that stuff and prepare
everything and this morning everything
was going smooth and then I try to find
my wallet and I couldn't find my wallet
and I'm like what the fuck where the
fuck is my wallet and I was paying bills
and setting up credit cards and stuff
for my employees last night and I'm like
okay so I know it should be at the
dining table and I look everywhere I
look at the the same three places my
wallet would always be and I couldn't
find I can't go in a circle in a circle
in a circle and I even went back
upstairs my mother was sleeping and I
tiptoed in and I didn't really want to
wake her up it's because the slightest
noise can wake her up at this point it's
kind of getting closer to her morning
time and she spent all night putting on
a tight fit of sleep so girl fuck what
the fuck is the fucking wallet and it
just started boiling up more and more
mice are getting more frustrated and the
more freshman I got the more I overlook
places and finally I found it on you
know that a white squishy for charity
looking thing it's like a square bean
bag that I have in my living room as a
bear and I might wanna fuck is it there
why would I ever put it there and I
think I was just so tired or something
that I'm trying to lose track of where
things are like god damn it
finally get it and which is really
important by the way this barbell
Brigade apparel needs one of my credit
cards to make a huge purchase today and
so cause I have to bring that to work so
I can't I couldn't leave usually I
would've just left them but you know I
don't need my wallet I'll get us some
other time
and I got it and I went to the gas
station and then at the minute I got
into the car I needed gas and I haven't
driven this car in a long time so my
fucker I gotta go pump gas and the whole
time I tried shouts beeping like a
motherfucker and I'm with the fuzzball
this car was this car gonna blow up now
and no matter what
it kept saying that he could have sense
Mikey in the car and I'm like wow why
can't he says my kid the car Mikey's mom
fucking pants right now and then the
whole time I'm driving to the gas
station beep beep beep beep I'm like
what the fuck and the finally a SAN
state which is awesome and then finally
when I got to the gas station I was
getting a cup of coffee which is the
place I never get my coffee I always get
at the same 7-eleven it's although I
don't really know the workflow so I'm
looking around where's the coffee where
do they put all the stuff and then I get
the coffee and I get the lid and the lid
for I don't know what reason it could
not fit on the cup it was kind of like
one of those where you put a pop in one
side the other side pops out and you
popping those on the side pops out and
he kept doing that over and over and
over no man what the fuck this is the
worst day ever I'm now in a rush today
is my deadlift day which I have 7 sets I
got pulled 485 for 7 so it's gonna take
me a long time I'm running out of time I
still have a lot of meetings ago I don't
want to be late just so much riding on
me today and the morning was just not
good whatsoever finally on the road
knock on wood hope that I'm gonna climb
sit and I hope the rest of the days is
better from this point on I hate
morning's like this but I hope
everything gets better soon and just
like that my day is way better I got a
crazy good workout in at the gym I was
kind of down in myself actually because
I'm today on my program I'm in the
middle of my meat prep I was supposed to
hit 485
seven sets of three on the deadlift and
I hit 470 last weekend they were moving
slow as long as I fuck I don't even know
if I'm doing a workout or not working
I'm not only enough for me to be able to
finish today and but I just went in and
tried out going with a blank slate kind
of like you know like karate style I
always start with I'm trying telling the
AC cuz it's fucking hot as shit
what 77573 yep good um yeah I try to
start with the blank slate so I don't
let like the past affect me or like my
last me or my last training session
affect me I try to take each day as it
is but if I am riding on a high I try to
ride that momentum in so I kind of only
try to let the positives affect me well
let me show you guys so uh so I did the
deadlift and it went really really well
me going here in the bathrooms about to
take shower let's see let me show you
guys
so I record all my sets some of them I
post some of them I don't but it's
really important to check form
especially if you're if you consider
yourself like a serious athlete it's
pretty important to check your form it's
just kind of like studying a layup form
you know like you know your coaches
would go hey you know you got to make
sure that Jay is good or whatever like
every sport it's really important to
study or form and technique and so
that's what I'm doing here this is I
think my maybe my middle of the sets
maybe a third a fourth set and check it
out
the bar got a little bit away from my
shins but still moved relatively good
that's 485 looks really close to 500 and
I did seven sets of three so after I got
that done the rest of the workout which
is like mini bodybuilding stuff it was
just felt good and then now even though
how to shave shitty morning my spirit is
much higher and I'm ready to take on the
meetings that I have and then at night
I'm gonna do cardio then at night I'm
gonna hit the hot tub I'm relaxed
excuse me so I guess the only reason why
I love working out in the morning just
kind of sets the tone of the day you
know like regardless if you have a good
day or a bad day the night before in the
morning you go in there you break a
sweat and you just feel good or
endorphins are pumping you know you know
what it was not that bad after all
time to take a shower
back home early but my work ain't done
in both ways or in two ways I should say
one I still got some work I gotta do on
the computer oh no I got my honey oh oh
shit chop man this is supposed to have
like some sort of sensor or something
got my head II uh yeah in two ways so
one way I was supposed to I still got
working on the computer and the other
one because I was kind of rushed this
morning a little wallet and all that
stuff I couldn't do the cardio portion
of my workout so I still got one which
I'm really happy because uh it's still
daylight out and I like running outdoors
so I'll probably run two miles outdoors
and because there's no Sun it's really
really gloomy I won't be that hot so the
runs gonna be nice and enjoyable and I'm
looking at the truck cause it went off
on the other day and this truck also
looks dope dirty I love this guy clean
and dirtiest thing looks dope I'm also
thinking about getting up front bumper
let me know if I should get like an
off-road bumper get some lights on there
going on on there especially girl can't
be I'm gonna need more lights but yeah I
just looked dope it looks like a tour of
some shit up I didn't really go very
fast cuz tackles in the car speaking at
aikka
let's see how my baby boys doing
drop my keys
hey grandma
all right I'm not trying to bang out my
run before he wakes up so I get to be
with them he's a link see you guys in a
little bit just finish eating my meal
and a lot of you guys asked how do I
diet while I track Matt gross and I use
is an app called My Fitness Pal and I
forgot to put all my meals into so put
it in right now but this is pretty much
how I keep track of calories in calories
out and weight loss
simply flip put and not just weight loss
you know there's you go to those crash
diets where you're losing muscle and fat
at the same time fat loss which is
specifically trying to reduce fat it's
you want to make sure that you burn more
calories than you take in and I was like
the most simply non-scientific way to
put it
but my first meal was would I eat oh I
had a protein so it has all my like
favorites so I have my two - protein
shakes
and then I had for a lunch I had my
foods my jerk chicken from bang and
meals rocky does my meal prep shout outs
to him
I had a quest protein quest the cobbler
yup and then I had I just had a what did
I just have just had a all my foods had
a it was like a steak thing not that
steak shaker beef at that then I had
some chips which is those are called
like reduced fat up there you go ma'am
so my colleagues today are 1,900 they
have a hundred and twenty six remaining
so that means I earned myself a little
dessert and I always buy these low
calorie desserts and I got some
stuff right here so I should get this is
only 90 calories this guy right here is
only a hundred calories reading bill get
some ice cream
100 calories for a half a cup you know
I'm not even half a cup so I'd rather
stick to this and just get one of these
guys but yeah that'll pay my diet plug
all that in and with the hundred
calories I'm still like 26 under so I
mean they're really good let's see what
ma bear is like almost every time I blog
how yeah and then when the cameras off
maybe that's why I'm not vlogging during
that time cuz that's when he's like
awake and crying or doing whatever looks
so cute these guys over here
that's autumn
these lives
Hey moving the operation upstairs now
and every time it's getting time to go
to bed or just 10:40 cuz it does take
some time to put I go to bed we take the
operation upstairs which is why this guy
is this late in our bed like this oh boy
and usually what we do is we first start
off with hitting the noisemaker there's
a white noise maker so kind of drowns
off all the other noise in case like
dogs bark alarms goes off then he
doesn't really focus on those things and
then we focus on the shades or the
blinds and then the blackout shades so
that in the morning there's like no Sun
that comes in and what started off
that's kind of like a rough morning I'll
sign you guys it's actually ended up
being a really good day not a lot of
work done brainstorming or brace them
and the trailer for our JK movie now we
decided that the return work on the
treatment and what we realized is our
forte is in treatment writing which is a
completely different other style our
forte is shooting making videos so after
we had our story lockdown like you know
what instead of pitching with it
something that's written why don't we
just actually shoot it which is what
we're good I was shot so many skits
throughout the years and pitched that so
that's what we're gonna do we're gonna
shoot the trailer for the movie
pitch that to the studios and there's
gonna be a way better direct um what is
the word like I guess transfer rate like
if you read treatment they stuff to
imagine you know what the what the video
will look like but if we shot the video
then they don't have imagined it can see
what exactly what it supposed to look
like so that is what we're gonna do was
to close the every single blind in the
house cuz this believe it or not in the
bathroom when the Sun comes in in the
morning if the Lay's is all the way
across pretty notes so I'm just turning
all that stuff what have a big smile I
did talk to them and explain a ton of
stuff time you know that right well it
is time to go to bed so I'll see you
guys tomorrow because we're gonna go to
sleep
and usually Mia mobber we try to put I
go to bed so we can have a lot of sex
later yeah
and yes thank you I get by naked in the
hot tub no we just try to sleep
yeah sure he's high sleep good night
guys
