at this time I was living with with
three other girls um and he recently
moved in and I was like dude like I just
wanted to go home and laugh with them
and all of us be together and we can
just watch a movie and then we could
just snuggle and I just wanted to be
alone with Clark you know what you never
told me sorry in the car you didn't go I
did did I did I said I'm so sorry I said
I'm sorry it's my fault and you're like
it's my your fault I'm the one driving
I'm like well that's very true
like that's true I feel better and I
didn't I to do that but um it was so I
was out you know so close too much shit
I can't believe I I put it I put us in
this position to just open the car door
to start running home that's so funny I
would have for sure been freaking bed
like shot in the back for running home
and that's stupid if I run home I'm like
right there like you know exactly where
I'm at all right anyway so he goes he
and the cops like in his patrol car he
walks back and then he says mind you I
have I have no experience with cops at
this at this age in my life like I I
didn't I I think I only got pulled over
like once or twice and it was for like
nothing and I got away with it so he
walks back to the car and he tells Bart
to step out at this point I didn't see
anything wrong with it cuz I really
didn't know the law at all like I didn't
know that you needed probable cause to
like search a car I don't know that you
needed any of you thought that him
telling me to step outside of the car
was normal I just wasn't sure I mean it
wasn't something that I saw because I
didn't like get in a lot of people's
cars that were getting pulled over
regularly last night so I was like okay
I guess I'll hammer does things
differently you know I I didn't know
that there was like a code of conduct
yeah there's a better-quality follow
yeah
so I usually end up spending a sheik
Libyan yeah stop it you've been talking
about buttholes all video like his own
video talking then about but hope um and
then foreign objects going in that
bundle but whatever something okay
that's weird so then he tells me to get
out and I'm like yo I'm not even driving
dude like it was him that was driving
some I all right whatever
I'm into Mahina so they know that you
might have your old lady for sure
yeah yeah so sounds like okay you know
fucking me what if you want me to
freaking cluck like a chicken right now
I'll do it I'm so fucking scared like
whatever you want me to do I'll do so I
get out of the car he makes us sit on
the curb right and I see that it's him
this like Hispanic cop and then he has
his partner I guess who he's training
because he looked completely lost in the
sauce but he was this Asian guy and the
first thing I saw when I saw this or
thought when I saw this asian guy was
like ah fuck I bet you he's a fan
because at this point in are you in like
in like uh for YouTube like we didn't
have that many subscribers and all of I
want to see about like 80% of our
subscribers we're probably Asian and
from like the 66 box you'd like this is
a fan like this is so fucking
embarrassing like what's going on right
although if it was a fan maybe he hook
us up and be like dude you know what you
guys fucked up but I wish it was like
that so then he starts asking me for my
identification and then like like I
thought that was weird start questioning
me and I'm like what the hell like what
so now at this point I'm like what the
fuck is going on so then I hear the cop
telling fart that he's under arrest
and I'm like immediately I'm like holy
shit what the fuck did I just get myself
into because I know far but do I really
know God like I really don't know
anything about him like he does say that
he has a shady past but I don't know why
like I started thinking like wow like is
this like a drug thing that he was doing
like did he murder someone did he do a
drive-by like what the fuck is going on
and I immediately started thinking like
like holy shit like I'm with the
criminal like he probably like is
getting me in trouble and I was the
colonel would you still keep being with
me at that point what did I mean there's
so many crimes you know I mean like you
can be a criminal for like selling weed
like is that really a bad thing fine
that's true so I mean it's a fucking
killer you wouldn't do it well it
depends why you're a killer are you
killing like molesters then I would love
to be with it but or are you killing
molester are you killing kids then I
would
for sure like kill you myself but um so
yeah I was like holy shit like what is
going on it was like completely surreal
because I thought like you really think
you know someone you know what I mean
like I'm sorry did you wanna text your
roommates and be like no I couldn't even
think straight because I was just trying
to like go through like the rolodex in
my head of memories of things I remember
you saying and trying to recall all of
that to see if I can like put things
together and then like I at that point I
wasn't scared cuz I'm like holy shit
Bart's a criminal but it's cool cuz the
calm is the Cossack yeah anything crazy
happens they're gonna beat Bart's ass
and make him spread but you know some
like holy shit like what is going on so
then I mean I I calmed myself down I'm
like yo stupid ass geo like get a
fucking grip like he's a good guy what
the hell are you thinking yeah you
probably need to start asking more
questions from this point the right
questions like not like what's your
favorite color like happy like I was
thinking like um like have you ever been
married before do you have any kids like
who really asks someone on a date like
do you have any kids like it's not a
very common question but now I was like
dude that's happiness does he have any
kids I true was he married
yeah I keep like do you know Elena Tyson
so yeah three yeah three kids now cute
um so I'm just like fuck okay like I was
already I already started setting up a
plan for when we like reconvene like the
stuff that we needed to discuss just to
make sure that we're both on the same
page this is like holy shit so then the
cocks like hey you know what um we have
to take him in but I need you to take
his car back so um you're part of that
even happened remember that guy he at
like in the middle of asking her all
your ID oh yes my ethnicity yeah he's
like her name
yeah I'm like Giovanna address and then
I was like blah blah blah what's your
ethnicity by the way I didn't need to
tell him I'm like is that really one of
the questions he's like no I'm just
curious like what did I fuck your
professional fuck I
tell him of course maybe it was a fact
no fans always ask what I got this it is
yes so that's why I didn't tell him yeah
for now you guys know six years later
now you guys know um so then they took
him right and I'm like holy fuck like I
didn't even know what to think so I'm
driving his truck back home right it's
like three houses down and then his
trucks really long and and his reverse
is a very unique style of reversed but
I've never seen before so normally with
stick shift right you put it in neutral
and then it's usually like an R that you
go up or you like go down into but his
was like none of that was happening like
I think you had to like push it down
like really fuck I think you had like a
custom clutch or something no I don't
know much but uh so if here's the one
the one gear yeah she have to press it
extra hard and it's before the one so so
I Drive home right and I'm trying to
park his truck but I had to cuz a the
streets pretty big but his truck is
pretty long and the turning radius is
not good at all no sir
so I needed to park on my house side so
I was facing south but I need to be
facing north so I pulled up into my
driveway and I was about to like go in
reverse and I remember like holy shit he
never taught me how to drive this truck
and I don't know how to do the reverse
tee and I'm trying to like pull it like
crazy like push it like how he said but
it just wasn't working and it wasn't
like it wasn't catching the gear that
needed to so Mike holy fuck
so now the car is like halfway in the
street and then like a roller pulled
over again I know like it's a good time
so that's the run into the house and
talked to my roommates I'm like hey
don't worry about it but Bart got
arrested Marv got arrested didn't needed
to drive this truck back and now it's
stuck in the middle of the city because
I cut it off and dig it up so I had four
people out five people including myself
like hovering around the car trying to
figure out how the fuck to put this
stupid-ass car reverse because none of
them even know how to drive stick shift
so it was just all up to me and then as
we're trying to figure that out they're
like why is he like under arrest like
you know like we don't even know him
we barely even know you and you're
bringing a fucking criminal into our
houses never met them on our website -
yeah barely even know them yeah we
barely knew each other - and I'm like
holy shit I'm like I promise guys like
it's cool like we're good people just
please help me move this truck out of
the street so we couldn't figure it out
it took fucking almost an hour for us to
figure out we couldn't figure it out I
had to put the car in neutral we don't
have to just push it
we had to freaking push your car like
just further into the driveway so half
of the tail or like a quarter of the
tail of the truck bed was hanging off
and like it could have been clipped by
any car but that was the best that I
could do so I'm like I go home and I'm
just thinking like holy crap like I was
no longer scared I was no longer
thinking like what type of fucking
lowlife scumbag am i dating I was
thinking more like oh man this sucks
like my poor babe like I can't do
anything for him like I can't like speed
up the process like who can I talk to
you like I I was I felt completely
helpless and I was like damn this
completely sucks like I know he's a good
guy you know he's thanks for believing
in me I did and I just felt horrible and
I couldn't talk to you and I couldn't
get any answers from anyone because
nobody had any so I'm like I think I had
work the next day to that I had to like
wake up like that 6:00 or something yeah
you did
um and I'm like holy shit like what am I
gonna do like like when are they gonna
release him I had zero answers right so
I'm just creating all this shit in my
head and then I was like okay fuck it
you know what I'm just gonna I'm just
gonna wait here and then and then see
what happens so it's like 4:00 in the
morning I finally get a call from him
and he's like hey you know what I'm I'm
ready to go
luckily the is it in City Hall yeah
that's video okay so City Hall is
probably like five minutes away from
where I live so it's it's pretty close
and it's pretty gonna be convenient so I
go and I pick them up and I'm like ooh
are you okay he's in my car and he looks
like shit and he's like telling me about
like the drunken chicks that he saw come
in at like 2:00 in the morning the
freaking crazy clown that was out there
and like the Chola that he shared a cell
with I'm like oh my god that fucking
sounds horrible cuz he was like holding
up his shorts tune just disheveled and
fucked up I took all my shoe laces out
of my shoes just so just like fuck I
just have a floppy tongue on my shoes
yeah and then I'm like well what
happened like why did you get a rest of
what's going on tell me and he's like
it's fucking Tyson I just didn't pay for
Tyson's tags like I don't know how it
happened maybe my dad forgot or
something but you know one year rolled
over to the next and then that rolled
over to the next and it just fucking
made this huge mess and that's why I got
arrested because of Tyson's tags smells
like oh my god dude what the hell
so we preparing for the worst were you
like fuck this guy okay scenario a if he
comes home he's a burglar I'm gonna
treat him this way he's a killer I'm a
few yeah well yeah I was prepared to
hear the worst of the worst and I was
like all right I'm I'm ready to like I'm
ready to deal with whatever you throw my
way but I was not expecting Tyson I was
a hardcore criminal I didn't pay for my
dog tags yeah that was kind of hot
so I'm dating a criminal guys um did
that problem get solved by the way yeah
I did oh I forgot but yeah that was the
one and only time that I ever doubted
port um I really don't know what was
going on in on in his head at the time
so if you guys would like to see what
his experience was please go ahead and
visit his channel because his details
were pretty interesting till next time
y'all
for most people that have been together
as long as we have traditionally you
tend to get married
thanks for leading yeah there's people
that you want to be really wanted to
sing that song I did it okay I'll go
ahead being ding ding ding ding ding
ding
okay sure
