hey what up guys so I am back today I'm
doing arms and having learned from my
injury listen I'm actually taking it a
lot slower these days and I'm focusing
more on just getting warmed up I don't
want any more injury I'm tired of just
missing out on all the fun when everyone
around me gets to work out looking hard
and I have to like like modify all of my
workouts it freaking sucks so I'm just
taking it slow
just one step at a time like even if it
means like having baby weights even
though my weights don't go crazy high on
upper body I've never really focused on
upper body before I used to play sports
back in the day and I used to dance back
in the day and both required a lot of
leg strength so I would confidently say
that my lower body is a million a
million not to be exaggerated or
dramatic with dude Susie my lower body
is like a million times stronger than my
upper body I play volleyball I dance for
booty call I danced ballet like anything
I ever did that was like extracurricular
activities always involved some sort of
lake muscle and never upper body and
seriously I didn't really care that my
arms weren't like muscular or that they
were even a little bit flabby like I
figured everyone every girl's arms are
flabby like that's why the beauty
pageants back in the day at least it
would make you do that weird wave
instead of like waving the hey like
where your hand is just going up like
from side to side like frantically it
was more like a smooth way below and and
legend has it is that they did that so
that the flabby bottom part of your arm
didn't like flap around everywhere and
it like was like so unattractive but
anyway yeah I'm not making excuses or
anything I'm just like pointing out a
fact here so here I think I moved up in
weight now I'm a little bit warmed up
I'm wearing my belt I noticed that
wearing my belt actually feels like it
feels like there's just a barbell hug
around my stomach but seriously it
definitely gives me a lot more support
especially for my back
a lot of you guys I don't know why you
guys keep telling me this but you guys
keep writing that arching your back is
wrong um I've never heard that
especially in powerlifting because you
want to drive not from your arms or from
your I don't know where you guys are
driving from but um the drive normally
comes from you pushing into the bench so
you want to create the upper part of
your back you want to make that as flat
as possible and the only way to do that
is to press that part up against the
press it down that gets the bench as
much as possible and then in competition
you want to make sure like you can
really get disqualified if your ass ever
leaves the seat so you want to make sure
that your ass is in the seat and I don't
know but legend has it also that back in
the day power lifters were a little bit
on the heavier side because they had a
bigger belly and when you do that
arching your back you can kind of make
it so that your belly is big enough to
create a shorter range of motion I don't
know that's not the case now at least
but yeah so whoever's thinking that an
arching your back is bad stop saying
that because that's incorrect
information at least in powerlifting
um but yeah I'm fucking weak look at
that but I'm working on it that's the
difference I'm weak but I'm working on
it and as much as I fucking hate it I
stick to it and whatever you know you
guys tell me this and I learned so much
from all of you guys and I'm so grateful
for you guys but you guys tell me hey
geo we all got to start somewhere and
you're absolutely freaking right and I
love you guys for that thank you for all
your support and all your positivity
till next time peace and for all my
beautiful powerful strong ladies out
there we are fully stocked in our bar
bar Brigade racerback tanks so go ahead
and pick one up today hey so what up
guys so I actually recorded this video
before I recorded the one where I messed
up my back further while doing squats so
this is why I'm doing deadlifts on but
since I first her bucked at my back you
guys probably won't see videos like this
of me the other thing coming out
for a while now
