okay what up guys
so I actually recorded this video before
I recorded the one where I messed up my
back further while doing squats so this
is why I'm doing deadlifts um but since
I first her fuck that my back you guys
probably won't see videos like this of
me the other thing coming out for a
while now um and with this one still my
deadlift has been my weakest just
because I'm so scared of re-injuring
right back which ironically enough end
up doing anyway and it wasn't even dead
lifting what the f but here I focus more
on just refining the technique fixing my
form since the previous videos of me
that I think I've made my stance a
little bit more narrow I tried to bus a
dangreen and like practically do the
splits while I was that lifting I've
felt that that just wasn't the best for
me because it was super slow off the
floor which its natural to give up what
tends to happen with sumo but mine was
particularly slow when I had a wider
stance so instead of moving it out to
the outer parts of the Ring where I used
to do it now I moved it all the way in
to the inner part of the ring and that
felt a little bit better but I still
feel like it's still pretty damn slow
and here I'm only doing 135 so it
shouldn't be that slow and it just
doesn't feel right and it's kind of
getting to the point now it's becoming
very frustrating as you can see here
like I with my setup I try to get
everything tight my core my lads my arms
like my entire body tight that's what
you see that in some be things that I do
every time cuz that helps me engage my
lots so that I I keep my my body a lot
tighter before I
I live but I don't know I'm just not
getting it and I think now the solution
is gonna be um obviously once I heal
that I'm just gonna focus on just the
higher reps higher reps lower weight and
just just repeat it over and over and
over and over again because that's how I
was able to refine my front squat which
then led to me like close to perfecting
my back squat which is constant
repetition constant tweaking some of
them are mine are some of the more major
and like these minor tweaks actually
have made the world of a difference for
me on and what's really cool is at least
with sumo I feel no strain on my lower
back which is the area that has been
affected the most so yeah with my back
you leary injured I'm not too sure
what's gonna be happening now but I
don't know guys if you guys have any
tips which I am sure you guys have no
problem sharing because I always see the
same people commenting which I do
appreciate your feedback and whatnot um
so yeah just keep your comments coming I
really appreciate it as you saw there my
face of pure disappointment cuz I'm like
fuck I can't find the groove like my
keep my freaking hips keep shooting up
before me my back started to round out a
little bit and it was just that day was
just a complete off day which I know is
completely normal and we all have those
but dang I still try every time I try
really hard when I'm at the gym and it
really does bother me I don't know if
this happens to anyone else but you know
when I'm in the gym it's it's a world of
a difference for me it's a whole new
world you know like I don't think about
work I don't think about friends I don't
think about relationship I don't think
about business I don't think about
anything but getting
and beating Mike Ruby is sweet like
that's just the mentality I go into the
gym with and it really does get to me
when I'm not seeing the results that I
want
so I don't know guys if you guys have
any pointers any tips for me please feel
free to share those with me and until
next time guys thank you so much for all
your support love and just every type of
positivity you guys throw my way I read
them all I listened to you guys and I
really appreciate every single one of
you guys for always supporting me and
like you guys always tell me it's our
idea we all start somewhere and then you
guys share your stories with me I love
that keep that coming and until next
time guys I'll keep you guys updated
thank you so much love and peace so
today as some of you guys know I've had
a back injury for a few months now and
I've been trying to recover here I was
doing some warm-up sets with
1:55 everything felt good up until here
