hey what's up guys what's up guys whoa
gnarly dude so as you guys know Bart and
I have been together for going on six
years now and for most people that have
been together as long as we have
traditionally you tend to get married
there's people eating yeah there's
people that you want to be really wanted
to sing that song I did it's okay go
ahead ding ding ding ding ding ding ding
eating okay sure
so just people that I'm just kidding
yeah shit what the hell did you eat
today
fucking grumpy oh no I had something
bomb for lunch the steak and the brown
rice and spinach and god you're so fat
anyway anyways those people that have
been together half the time we've been
and they found mercury like three years
hey whatever when you feel that you feel
it I don't think there's a timeframe
that's true I always trip out when
people are like oh my god can you
believe that they're like living
together already the bony known each
other for like three months and I'm like
so what if you connect with someone
fucking connect with them and do what
you want to do yeah if it doesn't work
out then they just split that's it yeah
what's what's the big deal anyway
so yes so so traditionally the thing to
do once you have found your soul mate or
the one is you guys get married right
hmm and in the u.s. it's like a huge
tradition to spend a minimum of 30 K on
a wedding and that all goes into going
oh right and that's all because it's
like the ring and then it's the women's
dress and then the bridesmaid and then
they have that spa day and then you have
to have like five million guests and you
have to have like this three-tier
fucking crazy-ass cake and then you have
to have flying monkeys and gorillas and
like a whole bunch of shit all over the
place for like half of the people that
you don't even know I've ever been to
Asian wedding yes I have and they have
like six seven wardrobe changes and they
spend a shit ton on those damn
centerpieces in the middle of the table
that the moms are always fighting over
at the end yeah it can't wait they can't
even wait like if they know the wedding
supposed to n at 11:00 they start taking
it off your table yeah at 10 o'clock
they start grabbing they start running
to their card yeah
bunch of freaking old baby corn hair and
shit
old ladies and like these freakin satin
wedding gowns like grabbing these
centerpieces running away yeah
and like I've gone to to the point now
where it's like um they have to raffle
it off so everyone's given a ticket cuz
they wanna grandmas and the moms to
fight it's so ghetto
hello funny well anyway so I'm not gonna
lie back in the day when I thought that
life was supposed to like follow the
specific order right where it's like you
go to high school from high school you
go to college from college you meet the
one that you're gonna fall in love with
you guys get married you guys buy a
house and then you guys have kids so I
thought that was like the path that
you're supposed to take because that's
what my mom did that's what her mom did
that's what my oldest sister did what my
little sister's doing up and I'm like Oh
crying this is the guy right before you
yeah dude she got married before me
which is all good no no no no I'm like
absolutely happy for her and I think
it's really dope but no you're the loser
yeah no I got it someone someone wanted
your little sister before they wanted
you now it's fine I don't care
so making sure that everyone knows that
Oh anyway so yeah I'm like absolutely
happy for them and I have no opinions or
anything to say about their choices cuz
that's their life and I don't have
anything that completely cool um but the
older I got and the more I guess liberal
I became the less and less and less
I wanted a wedding I don't want any of
that like fucking I need a diamond ring
or I don't want any of that fucking
bridezilla fucking huge ass prom dress
I'm probably never going to wear it not
that I have anything against it no
offense to anybody that wants that I'm
just saying that's just something that I
don't see value in for me I'd rather get
save that those 30 K Oh
50k 50k and then invested in a really
dope house with a dope view and a dope
ass doggy door from our dogs to runnin
out of in a huge yard and like maybe
even a tree house for me and Bart that'd
be awesome
you know that stupid wedding gown
there's people that spend like couple
grand on that stupid wedding and you can
never wear it again yeah a couple grand
is like really low level to really yeah
it's like super playful Oh
dangerous can easily cost like 10k for
something really nice okay so if the
ring already cost like 10 K and then
wetting down he is kind of like whatever
oh my god
yeah what's that diamonds not a look at
diamond well I saw I saw blood diamond
and I looked on things up about blood
diamonds I found that there's all these
kids a dive or diamonds that people want
them yeah it's it's very little yeah and
I personally don't believe in diamonds
and so I couldn't care less about any of
that and um yeah so that's so because
we've been together for six years it's
kind of like we're we're getting older
and um I personally care less about
having a whole ceremony getting married
whatever I do like the the marriage part
of it just because there's like tax
benefits and breaks and all that stuff
and you get to say he's my husband
I mean I guess whatever I don't care
that's gonna be so great if when I start
my wife oh my is your girlfriend my gosh
it's just whatever anyway so like
everyone got married in my family and I
know that my parents are super
traditional and I know that's something
that's gonna make them happy why do I
know this okay so a while back I was
talking to my mom and I'm like hey mom
would you like would you want me to get
married like do you want the hell
ceremony and my mom is not a really
exaggerated girly girl type of mom she's
just like really chill and kind of like
just kind of lacks in general she is
very traditional though yeah I guess but
then as soon as I mentioned that like
I've never seen this look in my mom's
eyes like her eyes opened up and they
like we're sparkling and she like smile
that she was so happy she's like yeah
really and I'm like what you tell her
shit but what I just said what if I
would have a minute yeah you're married
yeah and then she was like like this
yeah she was like really happy like
genuinely happy like you won the lottery
yeah like I'm like I'm doing good in
life now what's because she knows the
guy that you're married to is like the
shiznit oh okay and then I got with Bart
and then
anyway but if it wasn't for their
traditional ways and they even say they
don't care but they can say one thing
but those actions and when I talk about
it how their face lights up like that
tells me that there really are but yeah
they really really want it hmm
so I can't be a fucked up daughter
because I've done that for like a huge
chunk of my life I think it's about time
I do something for them and not be
selfish and just think about myself
again so I want to give them that but um
I think what's gonna happen now is I
want to show them that there's just a
different way of having a wedding um and
it doesn't have to be the way that it's
been frustrating oh yeah portrayed to be
um so what would be your like ideal
perfect wedding in your liberal type of
sense so um if you haven't put two and
two together Bart and I are gonna get
married
um but what I didn't mention was oh you
gonna marry me
yeah you haven't even asked me yet
you're I'm not able to ask you Oh who's
gonna how am I gonna know when the date
is I'm just gonna tie note around
Tyson's neck one day then you have to
circle yes or no we're gonna invite me
on Google Calendar so I know what it is
it'll be what is in the calendar right
thank you
um dammit you made me lose vision about
what was I saying you're talking about
how to plan a perfect wedding the new
kind oh they would approve yeah so what
else I'm waiting for papal Oh that'd be
cool yeah so yeah so we're good we're
planning on getting married but what we
didn't say was how soon and honestly we
were thinking of so we're in May the end
of May now and we were thinking of
getting right into a lot but we thought
about this back in March though yeah and
because we both are dreading like the
whole planning and this whole wedding
thing like we want nothing to do with it
like I think subconsciously we try to
forget about it but we know we have to
be responsible we know we have to do it
not even respond for us but just
responsible for that light that we saw
and jails parents eyes yeah seriously so
yeah so it's kind of late now to Tesla
and for it so it's going to happen this
year are probably early next year um but
I want it to be very chill like I was
making Beach no more than like 40 people
I love the beach I love the beach too
and like I didn't want like a
traditional crazy gown like if anything
