um there's this clothing company called
free people and like they have like the
cutest like bohemian style dresses that
look like very um gibberish I like that
stuff it's way better than that light
cuz I feel like that type of wedding
gown you can actually wear a multiple
occasions yeah no additional wedding out
but at least it's useful versus the
other kind where it's like your waist is
here and the dress goes like 20 feet
back of the tail
yeah and it's dragging on the floor so
it's white but by the time you reach the
altar it's all black or you have like
these child slaves like child and
denture indentured servants holding onto
the tip of it so doesn't get there you
should be your bridesmaid that shit is
just fucking crazy
I know I've had that role that's life
you're seriously like your prides mate
she's like your first maid of honor
she's like is that what it's called
you're made of hooked out your first
major honor but your maid of honor she's
the one that's like hold your claim I
thought it was supposed to be a little
baby a little baby girl that holds on to
the tip of the wedding dress no I I
thought it was the maid of honor that's
like taking care of you like making sure
you look good touch me oh yeah and I
like your makeup I'm talking about when
you walk down the altar it's usually
like this like a little girl that whole
I don't know I don't give a shit about
it so I don't I try not to learn about
it I don't know it just seems like
modern slavery so I was just like this
shit is fucked up yes I wanted like a
simple gown that looked like that and I
wanted everyone like every one of my
guests to be people that have actually
like made a dent and impacted my life
people that I actually talked to people
that I actually care about sharing this
this moment with so obviously would be
my family JK family barbell family I
guess Bart has to go and his family and
I wanted it to be really chill I wanted
people to show up in like Hawaiian
shirts and no shoes rushing mandatory
for real like I don't want anyone to
ever stress about oh my god I don't have
anything to wear I need to go buy
something fancy and look like a fucking
penguin all day like I didn't want any
of us honestly I think if I had it my
way cuz I could contribute two cents to
the right way not yeah you can do
whatever you want I think I would make
it mandatory for you to come in Hawaiian
shirt and shorts and sandals so that
everyone's relaxed
one's comfortable and it's a Brit you
can't you can't be sad when you see
someone who are you sure you just look
Uncle Sam you super happy when he went
on a wine shirt you're just having a
good time you're you know walking
parties yeah exactly
so that's that's what the mandatory
dress codes gonna be anyone that comes
in a suit or Jeshua the way you're you
I'm not gonna turn them away
I'm gonna that's fucked up you're coming
and ruining my party no what if they
just get naked in there just like in
boxers or in their bra that's totally
that's perfectly fine but they have to
take that off somewhere to put in the
car before they come back
all right yeah so I wanted that and then
we I wanted David so Demaryius Oh
David's a good friend of Isis because
that would be dope and then like I don't
even care about rings cuz I don't really
wear that much jewelry and if I do it
it's like I don't know it has to be like
body or like really cool looking on so I
thought something more meaningful would
be like getting a tattoo and it would be
that would it be like a tattoo of a
theme or is it gonna be a band that goes
around or no I was thinking like a tree
I wanted a tree like like on a tree like
a Christmas tree more like a cherry tree
or like the tree like the Timberland
sign tree
if you've never been in Hawaii well for
those of you guys I've been a white
there's like these big-ass like um
prelate for you she'd be on weeping
willows no those are that's like
Pocahontas the one that talks oh I think
that's what are we doing like no I just
wanted it to show like like it was gonna
be symbolic to how I want our
relationship to be like you're always
growing yes and you want to like branch
off and and and grow and expand and you
know winters come and you're gonna like
not have your leaves but then the fall
comes and then the spring comes and then
you're like all these different things I
want it it's represented quite like that
idea
ah is it gonna be color or black and
gray maybe Blacky great I didn't want it
to attract too much attention even
though it's like a fucking big black
thing on your hand but your I just
wanted it to be something and only I
would or like we would know what it
means or I didn't want it to be like I
what if there was a Christmas tree but
Brissac you know we got together on
Christmas - yeah I mean it could be
anything it could be anything and it
symbolizes us okay
um cuz honest even with tattoos I'm not
that strict with cuz I know a lot of
people are like yo you got
wait until it needs something like you
gotta get something that means something
to you but I don't even care about that
I'm just like yo but you know I'm just
gonna get a cheetah on my face no I'd
like like if if the art of the cheetah
is dopest shit then I'll probably get it
on my face cuz I'm an art collector but
Oh beautiful ain't it
I don't even know if you're fuckin with
me I'm not fucking with you swear to God
yeah I'm being honest thank you pick on
me so much you never know
damn yeah I really haven't told my mom
all my ideas cuz she might flip but what
the fuck - what the fuck fuck that fuck
her she sounds like cool brother
but fuck butter yeah but I wanted it to
be super chill like I also wanted to
just show everyone there that it's like
you can have an awesome celebration and
a very meaningful heartfelt like
gathering without having to spend
ridiculous amounts of money and without
having to be fake to try to impress
somebody or or like put on this facade
that you guys are cool when you're not
like it
I just wanted all that bullshit to just
be gone with that's true and I don't
want to think about anything but having
a beautiful moment shared with all my
loved ones and all I want to see is just
laughter and tears of joy and like
embraces and kisses and and just
everyone eating really good food so it
sounds like you just want everyone to
have some ecstasy
Oh a wedding everyone's rolling it shit
and you have like your mom's like fuck
fuck you see ya throwing grass honors no
vision yeah so that's that's pretty much
what what I want in a way um that's
pretty cool I like it
I want nothing because if you really
want to impress a motherfucker I think
instead of spending like 50k on a
wedding and then getting divorce in five
years because you're never really had a
strong love relationship anyways it's
better than this it's better to have not
spent any money you'd not even be
married but you stuck it through for
like 60 years yeah that's true love if
you're trying to signify true love you
know what's crazy growing up my mom was
always
like no you never want to live with a
guy like you want to get married in any
of it with him but honestly I have to
beg to differ because living with the
person really lets you see the true like
they have nothing to hide at this point
like they are gonna just be completely
open and raw with you because they can't
get away from you because you guys are
living together um and it really gets
that you really get to know a person
when you live with them and you know how
many holes I have in my underwear all
the time all the time like he has one
right now later he'll remember it poke
your butt yeah a lot of good ventilation
yeah so there's like no front like
there's no lies and like you literally
know what you're getting yourself into
so for all you people in a relationship
right now with your parents are like no
why would you want to live with them you
need to tell them like hey you know what
I need a test drive this car before I
buy it because that's what everyone does
you got a test drive a car and you know
if you'd like all the features on it you
got to be inside of there you guys see
if it's a good fit and then you decide
to buy it pretty much you got a Ferrari
then so anyway if you guys would like to
hear Bartz two cents on this whole
marriage thing and how he feels for two
quarters or two pennies with holes in it
go ahead and visit his channel cuz the
shit he has to say is pretty ridiculous
I must say until next time y'all peace
and also don't think I've been ignoring
you guys I've seen all the IG Facebook
emails all the posts that you guys are
sending me I read them and guess what
we're fully stocked we have this shirt
this year we have all our shirts back
the inventory is good to go go ahead and
snag your dope ass barbell with you here
go get it at barbell for guys calm and
stay tuned because actually releasing
two new shirts yeah and you heard it
here first
yeah punch your video not even mine I
didn't say I'm so bad you're so vent fit
so today I'm gonna reveal something
pretty big about myself um that you have
a wiener besides that I have a six-inch
dick and have a really brown asshole and
do my I wouldn't know that your eyes of
a 50 cent coin come on be serious that
crowbar that's nasty
