hey what's up guys so today I made a
pretty big boo-boo as some of you guys
know I've had a back injury for a few
months now and I've been trying to
recover here I was doing some warm-up
sets with 1:55 everything felt good up
until here oh what the fuck
why does my tailbone all of a sudden
hurt okay well let me just finish this
warm-up set and right there it just
killed me and as soon as I was about to
collapse part ended the video but I
think I fell to the floor out stretching
on my oh my god that I just mess up my
back even more and probably most people
would've been like okay that's it I've
had enough but maybe I'm just stupid but
I was like okay wait let me just see if
I can work through this so I put a belt
on which I probably should have done
from the very beginning as soon as 1:35
goes on the stupid bar or 45 plate on
each side goes on the super bar I should
have just done it but with a belt I'm
like nope not happening it freaking
hurts and again I collapse what or
decides to cut the video again just cuz
he wanted just to help me out so I spent
like 20 minutes on the floor
contemplating try stop trying the
different types of exercises what should
I do because I really don't want to
disrupt my training more than I already
have been doing so my dumb ass
after 20 minutes sitting there decides
to do it I go for 95 I said hey I'm
gonna do high volume low weight that's
I attempted without a belt again like a
fucking idiot
I don't know why I keep trying to do
that like my fucking back is broken but
whatever tried it didn't work through
the belt on and if you guys didn't hear
parts like you're still doing it without
your belts like fucking stupid-ass geo
no wonder you're freaking keep getting
or you don't take care of yourself then
I can't stress that enough I think we
should all really listen to our bodies
like we push the shit out of our bodies
and we by we I mean I neglect to take
care of it and and this is like a lesson
learned today like we're only getting
older and by we I mean I I'm only
getting older and I just I gotta take
care of myself now like I got it look at
that I'm still feeling the pain but it
can't stop so what ended up happening
was alright fuck it I'm gonna do it one
more time I'm gonna put 95 pounds on my
back keep everything tight just focus on
form and if it really kills me then I'm
just gonna take a bomb month off like
this was right here was a
make-it-or-break-it point for me that
was going on in my head and magically it
felt amazing I don't know what the fuck
happened maybe I wasn't warm enough and
like I needed to do more reps at lower
weight when I was warming up and maybe I
rushed to me that he didn't do enough
mobility I don't know a lot of things
could have gone wrong that I just wasn't
paying attention to which already that's
all bad and now at this point I was
already warmed up so I decided to add
five pounds or actually ten pounds
95 and I'm doing hundred pounds here and
it actually felt all right and I'm like
oh shit okay maybe my muscles warmed up
and enough um not to excuse the pain
that I was feeling because God still
needs to be checked and I still need to
focus on getting that fixed and I have
to stop feeding into my stupid ass ego
and say no no I thought this like I'm
freaking the whole get I can do whatever
the fuck I want because no obviously I
can so I felt confident enough moved up
now I have 35 pounds on each side and I
threw on the nice things what I probably
should have done from the very beginning
second warm-up like completely I could
warm everything up the exact same way
but no here I'm still doing a bunch of
shit that's fucking me up Sony's sleeves
are on belts on Buster's good
breathing's on point I said hey I feel
really good right now I think I'm gonna
warm up into what my you know my sets
were gonna be for that day like all the
exercises I was meant to be doing before
I decided to fuck my own back up again
so 135 it felt really good
I said hey fuck that why not I'm feeling
really good let me throw on ten pounds
and now I'm like super focused super
like like listening
every single thing my body is telling me
it feels really good
I'm waiting in between every single set
I know I know this is what I should have
been doing from the very beginning but
again I don't know I think I was like
born with crack in my system sometimes
because I just want to rush through
things and I just want to be like go go
go go and you really can't do that like
the weights are gonna put you in their
place so yeah again I can't stress that
enough and I think I'm just really
speaking to myself and I say this cuz
it's like gee oh come on stupid ass how
many times do I have to tell you you
care that you have to fucking take it
easy and you have to be like so
calculated with every single movement it
doesn't matter how much we do you have
on your bag it doesn't matter how many
times you've done that warm-up hit they
do the exact same thing every single
time perfect the freaking technique Gio
and dude this is this is a true example
of me just fucking up and not doing what
I was meant to be doing and this is a
result of that I think I added another
ten to that and I think I'm about 175
here and it felt good so I said fuck it
I'm just gonna go for 185 for five this
was supposed to do my first working set
before I decided to break my whole back
and I said hey let's see it with the
others goes I was ready to drop the
weight at any point even though my back
still felt good I said fuck it I'm not
gonna push myself anymore
but it felt really good it felt really
good
I wasn't struggling early game you know
I bring a little struggle but I was
really taking it super easy at this
point and and yeah again and I've been
incorporating a fanny pack complete side
note I know Betty back at the library
have headphones in my ears I love it I
love it I'll put a link in my
description so that you guys could pick
up your own fanny pack yeah man until
next time love y'all peace so today I'm
working on upper body as you can see
here I'm setting up with 30 pound change
and that's 10 on each side but before I
get into all that I just want to stress
the importance of actually recording
most if not all of your lives especially
if you're trying to refine a technique
