hey what up y'all so today I'm working
on upper body as you can see here i'm
setting up with 30 pound change and
that's 10 on each side but before i get
into all that i just want to stress the
importance of actually recording most if
not all of your lips especially if
you're trying to refine a technique I
highly highly highly recommend just
recording yourself and those some of you
might feel like kind of awkward or might
feel like dude what the hell are people
going to think of me if they see me like
recording myself like how
narcissistic am i but all that
seriously it's all about refining and
perfecting the technique because as I
recorded myself all I was thinking about
was ok I want to get better I want to
get my numbers up cuz as you can see
here I had to put down the 10 because
that was just way too heavy with these
30 pound chains on each side so as I
looked at my technique I noticed a lot
of things that I was doing wrong first
for example if you haven't noticed every
time I grip the bar my fingers start
twitching and like I I'm like fixing my
grip and whatnot and what I notice now
is as soon as you unwrap the bar your
body is completely tight and solid and
as soon as you let go of any part of
your body you can't get the same
strength back way back when you try to
tighten up again for example if you're
squatting you get to the bottom of your
squat and let's say you just exhale now
imagine exhaling
letting loose of all those muscles then
trying to tighten back up and then
getting out of the hole that's exactly
what you're trying to do when you're
benching look at my fingers right there
like why do I do that so instead of
keeping tight I lose the force that I
had when I initially set up and then I'm
trying to like get it back ain't gonna
have it another thing that I noticed was
I wouldn't I like I would hear people
say all right you realize your life's
pret your last like engage your last I'm
like what the does that mean I
don't even know what that means so
specifically for my females out there
what you can imagine is most of you
girls know what it clutches right so
it's kind of like a purse imagine it
without the straps so when you put a
clutch or when you're trying to hold the
clutch you don't hold it with your hands
you're actually holding it underneath
your arms so imagine flexing that that
muscle on the sidewall your lat
obviously and then pressing that against
your arm where you keep where there's
like no gaps like if you try to stick
friggin a credit card in there it's not
gonna happen so that is literally what
you want to feel when you're benching
especially when you want brought the way
you want to feel your lot and the side
of your your arms pressing up against
each other another thing that I noticed
is I wouldn't bend the bar what that
what that means is as soon as I would in
rocket my hands would pretty much stay
in a neutral position but now what I do
I imagine unwrapping the bar and then um
like twisting a little bit I grip the
bars hard as I can and H I just
imagine me bending the bar so apply that
and I will guarantee that just
unwrapping it you're gonna feel like
holy this bar feels a million times
lighter now right here I got stuck
because my bar group was it moving in a
straight motion it was like it looked
like a freakin s
and I notice that it has like for me at
least it's like ninety percent mental
because as soon as I hear the thoughts
in my head say anything like oh
this is kind of heavy oh my god you're
not breathing hold up and if I can hear
all these things that my head is saying
about my lip then I'm completely not in
the zone and I'm gonna up so all I
do is you shut that voice up in my head
and I just I don't even think I just
feel it out and immediately it feels
better here because I have problems with
getting out of the royalties for me so
part was counting three seconds before
would even press my chest and then that
explosion like pushing the bar straight
up so that's what I was trying to
perfecting this one and this technique
another thing that I noticed that I was
neglecting a lot of the time that I'm
still kind of trance effect is big drug
as you can see it looks like my my
pelvic area is kind of pushing up oh
this is just touch and go amrap so you
probably can't see the lake drive but
imagine as soon as the bar touches your
chest up not doing it there either I'm
slightly doing that you can see how like
my pelvic is kind of thrusting upwards
well you don't want to thrust upwards
and it's not coming from your pelvic
area it's actually being generated from
the bottom of your feet so it goes from
the bottom of your feet it transfers
into your butt and it pushes not
straight up but it's more like pushing
up but your head is going forward so it
would be like me pushing towards Bart's
cross cuz i need trying to hit Bart's
balls pretty much that's how you want it
to feel so you want to have every single
part of your body tight and solid I'm
talking about your glutes like your
glutes should make you rise off that
seat not literally the glutes part but
you're squeezing them so hard and
they're so freaking rock solid that your
body naturally just
again don't get me wrong I'm not saying
your butt should leave this seat because
it shouldn't I'm saying you're squeezing
it so much that your body tends to rise
so here i am doing am reps at this video
actually we missed it but this video
actually made me see that I am stronger
when it comes to close grip so I'm
finishing up my workouts with some
stabilizers right here as you can see
I'm doing dumbbell a seated overhead
press and this is like a double whammy
because it's gonna work my shoulders and
it's also gonna work on my stabilizer
muscles so it's not like a barbell which
is hung solid piece it's a lot easier to
move up and down this I'm working on too
deep into pieces trying to make sure
that they go up at the exact same time
in a stable straight movement so I hope
you guys were able to get something out
of this but again as always I don't know
what the I'm talking about all I'm
trying to do is to show you my progress
till next time y'all peace
today I'm going to play around with
lower body specifically here you guys
see me doing squats and I did about five
sets of six and I started noticing a lot
of different things about myself for
example
