hey what's up guys
so today I'm gonna reveal something
pretty big about myself
um the Jeff a wiener besides that I have
a six-inch dick and have a really brown
asshole and DUI I wouldn't know that
these eyes of a 50 cent coin oh yeah FK
coin come on be serious that groan
that's nasty
okay wait wait side note this one time I
was uh when I used to work out out of a
commercial gym in the women's locker
room
they have showers obviously in women
change their and stuff and the one I
went to they would they would like to
get completely butt ass naked and just
walk around like very feely which i
think is dope so this is women yeah or
this one time this grandma drop
something on the floor and I'm washing
my hands so for my peripheral I can see
like this naked body right so I'm
washing my hands and I have the turn
here this little wall to dry my hands on
that dryer thing there she dropped
something and this has happened to be
right when I turn on this way she bends
over without bending at the knees and
all I see is that Silver Dollar
fucking asshole like this and I'm like
oh my god like this 86 year old grandma
would be six I don't know if I better
wouldn't even close oh it was like an
onion ring yeah I was like dude I can
check for fucking prostate cancer or
whatever that is close on that busted
okay whatever whatever type of cancers
yeah so that was crazy anyway so I don't
have a brown butthole or dick sure what
it is what is true is that he's Asian
and I am Hispanic specifically Mexican
and growing up I grew up from a very
conservative family and I also grew up
amongst a lot of other Mexicans and
Hispanics and Latinos and anyone else
like any other ethnicities was actually
pretty rare at my school I think I only
had like one black person or it's like
three black people on like the whole
campus this I'm talking about elementary
middle school even up to high school I
think I only had like um I had mostly
like Mexican friends and then I had like
maybe 10 to 20 like Asian friends so I
was only exposed to like a bunch of
Mexican people but you didn't end up
liking me I have no idea I think you
drugged me or something
and and um and my parents were always
like like I would always I'm a very
curious person I always have been since
I was very little and I would remember
that my mother's like yours no I
remember that my mom would always make
comments about just different types of
business cities and the stereotypes that
were attached to those right but I never
felt like I fully agreed with her point
of view that what I was questioning but
I came on what if I dated like a white
guy hmm excuse me like what if I dated a
white guy she'd be like oh yeah you
don't want to do that because you know
it's it's so beautiful to keep the
cultures and the races together you know
because my mom her defense was growing
up stereotypically Mexicans are thought
to be short and dark and whatnot right
but my mom has like the Spanish blood in
her so she's actually blonde hair like
really blunt like light hair and she has
green eyes and she's very fair-skinned
so scheanette when she came to the u.s.
in high school she never really clicked
with the Mexican people because they
were like oh look at her she's the white
girl like don't talk to her she's she's
not like us but what sucked was she
didn't really understand the American
culture or she could even barely speak
English so all the white people that she
looked like we're like oh my God look at
that wetback you know don't talk hurt
she's worn so she felt very um excluded
from both sides looted from both sides
so she could only imagine how or she she
felt like she would understand if I were
to have it was nothing out with the
black people I don't know I think she
probably felt like one other Mexican
chick to kick it with it I just looked
just like her yeah or like some other
outcast to kick it with albino Chinese
guy probably sure so she was like I
could only imagine what your future
biracial child is gonna feel they're
gonna feel like they don't belong to any
any type of culture and ever since I was
a little kid I'm talking about like nine
or whatever I was always like that
doesn't make sense to me because I feel
like you just connect to people on a
human level because I have blood you
have blood I have a heart you have a
heart we breathe the same air we we live
on the same planet like what type of
differences can we possibly have and
that to me her thinking to me just never
really made sense so when it came so
before ever really like dating or
anything
like consciously thought like oh man I
gotta stick to Mexican guy or if I ever
like the guy I never asked myself like
wait I got it I got ask him I gotta make
sure that he's Mexican you know cuz I'm
my parents aren't gonna approve I never
really felt that but I did notice that
the first handful of boyfriends that I
had were Mexican you can't be fucking
with all Salvadorians though dude
Mexican people you know you feel me on
that but even with that I think it's so
stupid not good my last true doctor it's
so stupid
um and I bet other Mexican people don't
even understand why they don't like
Salvadorans yeah I that blows my mind
whatever and I think when I was dating
these Mexican guys it wasn't for the
sake of them being Mexican I just think
that's what I was exposed to smells what
was available that's exactly that's what
was available to me so now I graduate
high school now that's like the
college's I'm exposed to all different
types of ethnicities people like some
people are coming from out of the
country foreign exchange students all
this stuff and it I thought it was just
absolutely amazing to connect with
different people from different walks of
life so different from mine so I had my
first boyfriend out of out of college he
was actually mixed he was white and
Taiwanese and I remember like as soon as
I started liking this person my one of
my first thoughts was oh shit what are
my parents gonna say about this um but I
didn't let that get to me I didn't let
it like stop my relationship with my
boyfriend not because I didn't respect
my parents wishes and not because I was
selfish I just felt that I as much as I
learned from my parents I just felt that
hey maybe this is the one opportunity
where I can kind of educate my parents
on something different um that what they
view and what they believe can actually
be challenged and can be correct oh
don't bring that guy home to your
parents I didn't bring him home not
because I was scared of him but it's go
every day not because I was scared with
my cars no no cause I was a prick like
ashamed to bring him around my parents
not work is about it just never got to
be that serious like that but I did
mention it to my parents
um as soon as that you're dating like a
Taiwanese guy right as soon as um as
soon as we made it official I let both
of my parents know like hey I have a
boyfriend now and um it's not that
serious
like I don't want to bring people into
my house that I'm just going to breaking
up with but you know it we are boyfriend
and girlfriend and when it feel that you
know there were he's worthy enough to
meet you guys cuz I'm very proud of my
parents so I was like I don't want to
just introduce anybody to my family but
you know I was kind of like it was like
a trial period I guess so I was like hey
you know what um I'm dating him in East
Asian and their first thing was like oh
man like what are you really thinking
like what are you doing and then me like
stereotypes come up cuz I could I get
always because when we first started
dating I told my dad damn that's getting
his like man when she gets pregnant
ah no gain at least a hundred oh fuck
julik but don't worry though she's gonna
cook a lot so you have tons of food at
home that's horrible but just just let
you know it's gonna coral mom any
stereotypes like that like always
fucking down he's gonna be stealing the
money um well a little bit they were
like oh well you know watch out not
specifically Taiwanese because I think
Taiwan for them is just too Chinese yeah
he just bought Chinese so they were like
aw big be careful with Chinese people
you know they could be kind of shady and
bah-bah-bah
they don't think like that now because
obviously like I've changed their their
perspective on things but in the
beginning because they didn't have
enough exposure or any type of exposure
that they did have to Chinese people was
kind of a bad experience so they were
just basing their opinions off of that
and they're not they're not racist
people at all it's just they don't know
they just they're kind of ignorant to
her I would like to point out though
that as a non Asian female you actually
found that asian guy attractive yeah
because I think a lot of Asian guys out
there the guys that feel a little bit
self-conscious where they feel like they
can't date outside of the race one of
the things that I hear voiced so much is
I think this girl's fucking out I think
that girl's fucking hot but I don't know
if they think that I'm attracted I don't
think they'd find my entire
attractive dude you guys are hot they're
super hot but on top of that what makes
them even hotter is when they have like
mega confidence like that to me is like
the cherry on top and you're like the
finest person on earth if you have that
confidence um so yeah so when I told
them they were like oh look what are you
doing and like are you sure and because
they thought I was so young they were
like you know what it's cool you're
young you're not gonna get married
anytime soon go ahead have your fun
taste all the flavors of the rainbow
