and because they thought I was so young
they were like you know what it's cool
you're young
you're not gonna get married anytime
soon go ahead have your fun taste all
the flavors of the rainbow how many oh
go ahead no not that many and they were
like go ahead you know do what you want
to do but I knew that they still felt
uncomfortable with it so cut to a few
years later I'm not with that guy
anymore I'm now dating a Korean guy now
that's when shit hit the fan because
they were just like what are you doing
Korean people are shady like now I'm
older and they see that I'm gonna start
graduating high school and so in your
culture there is a asian beauty lady
spectrum yeah but what sucks is I'm
interested who's on the news and who's
the least shady of the Japanese for
those Japanese yeah and then what's
after that I mean like like Filipino
yeah what comes out of that and then
Chinese and the worst of the worst for
them is like Korean - ya know so if I go
to any Mexican home can I see this table
I don't know but posted somewhere I'm
not like the most Mexican Mexican my
family's not that Mexican Mexican either
they're super American because they
might both my parents came here when
they were in high school but that's just
kind of what their mentality was back in
the day and I'm like dude like that's
horrible like you're missing this
beautiful person and and parents like
you guys raised me you should know that
I did I make good calls like I'm facing
my morals in my character off of what
you've taught taught me and instilled in
me so why wouldn't you have confidence
in you know my significant other so I
think once they started seeing that like
hey you know what like these people
aren't what I thought they were and I
started exposing them to like the
beautiful parts of their of their
culture and teaching them what I was
learning for my boyfriends and they were
like I think they it really opened up
their eyes and they were able to see
like the beauty in in
in like mixing things up I don't know
where to take it I feel like I'm just
talking a lot that's fine
so okay so after you went to college you
dated a Taiwanese guy did it a Korean
guy and now you date me so there's three
Asian guys in a row can you please speak
on how you had a record of dating just
beaners like yourself yeah and then all
of a sudden you've flipped over and you
just started dating a bunch of chinks
and gooks well I don't think it was like
a conscious choice where I'm like I'm
only dating Asians and if you're not
Asian please step out of the line no it
wasn't anything like that I think it
just came it came to like a character
like our characters just we clicked and
then a lot of our deals were very
similar and like actually like the
cultural part of it like how we have
like the respect scale like you speak to
your elders this way and then Pete like
your older brother and sister this way
like you dress up right exactly like you
don't address them by their first name
it's the other deity or whatever and
then like your older brother listen you
don't call them by their first name you
have like a little nickname for them and
whatnot um so a lot of these things it
was just very easy to click with these
people but I mean at least I don't think
it was like a conscious choice where I'm
like oh they want Asians but it just so
happened to be that way because I'm sure
this is also very eye-opening for a lot
of Asian guys out there like first that
we pointed out that you find Asian has
attractive super hot and second you've
actually had a record of dating Asian
guys and different Asian guys and all of
them are long-term relationships yeah so
if there's someone like you out there
there's a ton of other non-asian girls
that be willing to date asian guy dude
my homegirl Tiffany you guys all know
Tiffany from JK films like she's Mexican
and she's with Kasey who's who's Kanto
so like I guess if there's all these
like Asian guys or not even just Asian
guys but like any guys or in general
that are interested in dating outside of
the race interracially like what how
would you like if you have any advice
you can give to them or like Gabby
because it almost seems like that a lot
of the comments that I see it's almost
like please show me the way and although
there is no like a through Z type of
exact way but maybe you could shed some
light on how
they can go about getting the girl or
guy that they want if they're not at the
same culture
okay so just taking it down to a super
basic level right like let's just forget
that ethnicity even exists let's just
pretend that everyone's great so if
everyone's great
right now you're only basting facing
your attraction to them based off of how
well you guys connect on character
ideals morals your just outlook on life
right so now you guys are connecting on
that basic level and there's this
curiosity of like God like I want to get
to know more about this person and how
well we connect and how like the type of
energy that we have with each other so
it's this curiosity that drives you
closer to you like your crush or your
potential other half right so take that
curiosity and now let's let's throw in
the element of ethnicity that's kind of
what pushes me forward as well it's like
not only the curiosity to get this
person to get to know them even better
it's like now they come with these gifts
of having something to offer different
from how you grew up and now I'm curious
about that too and that gift being their
ethnic background where it's like oh
shoot like I I'm black and they're
Indian like what like this is how your
parents have dinner like oh this is the
type of wedding that your family has and
that curiosity is is something that I
found to be very that would drive me
forward to get to know them even more it
wasn't like I was afraid like all men
are we not gonna connect I think it's
more of like a perspective like I saw
that the glass is half-full opposed to
happen so it's almost like utilizing the
difference is as a strength
what rather than something to hide
behind yeah I guess that's why I'm
calling it
curiosity because when you're curious
it's you feel like you're gonna get like
a positive a positive result because
you're seeking something and you're
trying to find something in and gain
something so if you can view it as as
you're being curious and you want to
learn about something then I think that
you would be more persuade or not
persuaded but I think you would be more
willing to move forward in the direction
of I want this I want to learn more
about this like are you saying are you
saying the guys should be more curious
about the girls or they should make
themselves
interesting and make the girls more
curious about them um both ways but I
think what I'm saying more for the guys
that are self-conscious I'm just saying
hey instead of focusing on the
differences in saying like oh we're not
gonna connect because of these
differences see it as hey people like
geo are very curious about my culture
and they find me hella freaking hot so
let me share myself with them let me
show them like hey when you enter my
house you leave the shoes outside
because it's it's kind of dirty to bring
in outside dirt into inside your home
cuz a lot of non-asian like when I was
growing up and I learned that about
usual people I'm like yo that is so dull
so there's like a lot of things that
like that you have to offer other people
that are aren't Asian and sometimes when
you stay within your culture it's
beautiful still and I think it's great
but you know you don't really get to
learn as much that's true you know like
one of the craziest things is like so me
and Joe would do shows all over the
nation like every single year and a lot
of the colleges that we go to and the
Asian clubs or the Asian American clubs
we always see a shit ton of like white
girls Hispanic girls black girls like
all over and they're just so interested
and I think if you have one in a club
that's already a indicator and a huge
sign that shows that there's a lot of
people that are extremely open-minded
out there and even from even approaching
one that you think is not open-minded I
think your differences is what makes you
unique and sure and the more unique you
are generally speaking the more
attractive you become to people and if
not if people just want the same shit
then maybe that's not even the right
person for you if they're super boring
yeah so if you have this curiosity don't
and don't get me wrong don't think that
I'm seeing it as like oh shit you're the
sideshow and you're like the freak of
nature that I'm just so intrigued over
like that's not at all what I'm saying
what I'm saying is just have have the
confidence to know that what makes you
different from someone else is what
makes you unique like Bart said and what
makes you super duper fucking attractive
and beautiful
and and you need to connect with someone
that can see that that can see that
these differences is what is beautiful
and is attractive so if you're trying to
go for someone and they're kind of like
turned off by how different you guys are
then it's like you don't even want to
deal with that person anyway
yeah because I mean in in addition to
our ethnic differences you're also
taller than that you I know we're
physically like completely opposite
she's taller than me she's buffer to me
she's heavier than me but I think even I
think like what you're saying is so true
because aside from all of the physical
traits what really attracted us to each
other what was what was inside so like
we really connected as people as humans
as you said and so all the other things
didn't really matter so much and they
were bonuses because it's like the human
attraction was there right and then he
brought to the table all these new
things that I didn't experience when I
grew up and I'm like wow like dude
that's like such a dope way to grow up
or to live or to like adult philosophy
or don't outlook and it was and it's
like you're constantly learning every
single day and when you learn everyone
knows that you grow as a person so I
think it was just I think it's just the
win-win when you just go out there and
explore so if you guys would like to
hear Bart's two cents on the inner
racial matter go ahead and check out his
channel he actually went he talked to
guys that you know feel like they have a
lot of barriers and that there's girls
out there that don't find him attractive
so definitely check out his advice for
all of you guys thinking that way peace
first date you and your crush sitting
there finished an amazing meal the bill
comes what happens both of you guys just
sit there blank stares and you're like
oh shit
