hey what's up guys hello
picture this first date you and your
crush sitting there finished an amazing
meal the bill comes what happens both of
you guys just sit there blank stares and
you're like ah shit what is gonna happen
out is she gonna try to reach for her
purse and try to pay for this is is he
gonna reach for his wallet and just like
walk me from pay and then through his
credit card down who's gonna pay the
bill first and who's responsible for
paying for paying the bill first or he's
gonna be like Asian parent do they fight
each other all the way until the cash
register I don't know if that it should
happen on the first date that's ready
that's 30 a red flag and not you should
be in relationship I always loved
watching that thought I like I agent
restaurant okay that's pretty funny
always fighting with like they're
literally fighting all the way until the
cash register some of that's booked get
serious cuz I'm one guys go like no no
no and then they start threatening the
waitress or the waiter and then the
waiters like even the waiters like I
don't know yeah that's pretty funny but
if you ask me this question last year I
would say a hundred percent hands down
it should be a 50/50 50/50 transaction
and I'm all about like equality and it
doesn't matter who asked - it just shows
that you know what both of us are in
this together we want like a mutual
relationship where where I can take care
of you you can take care of me and it to
me it just sounds fair but what changed
now what changes the older that I'm
becoming the more I want to have a
family of my own and the more I want to
be taken care of in that regard I want
to make sure that my spouse my
significant other is going to be capable
of taking care of me and our future
offspring when I'm nurturing and taking
care and and and um helping our kids and
our offspring grow cuz I don't want to
have to be taking care of two things I
feel like for the women that do that out
there that's amazing and I think you are
like the superwoman but that for me is
not a route that I want to take I grew
up with the mom that had a job like a
full-time job she raised us she took us
to extracurricular activities she was
just like all over the place she
basically sacrificed her life
for us and she because she was working
so much to give us such an amazing
future that I didn't have my mom around
growing up not really agree my parents
were divorced - I'm not - but my parents
are divorced and my mom raised me on her
own she worked helping with homework and
I made food that's amazing and and I
think women like that literally are
superwoman but because I experienced
that I don't want that for my kids
because I didn't have a mom around yeah
she was there she's super responsible
and I'm not trying to give you guys a
sob story cuz I don't feel like it
affected me in any sort of way but I
know that one time my mom had to stay
because she had some sort of surgery
that she was forced to stay at home that
when I would come home from school or
from wherever I was doing that day she
was there she was more involved in my
life and we would have conversations and
we got a lot closer and that feeling
really resonated with me it was
something that I wanted to replicate
with my future kids so because of that
um I don't want to be responsible or
have not that it's a burden but just
have that on my back that I need to not
only take care of my kids
take care of my husband and my husband
but also have to worry about like
earning an income for the entire family
and what the weird thing is I had a very
similar upbringing where my mom was
divorced and she my parents are not
divorced but I bring that my mom had to
work and take care of me but who my mom
was sick one time and she had to stay
home but though I do completely agree
that the type of warmth that I had in my
house was completely different from my
friends whose mom was stay at home and
we would go to his house or whatever and
they'd be snacks on the table the mom
was right it clicked meals yeah
home-cooked meal that the mom was ready
to take us to go to the park to go
anywhere you want and I'll say man just
this feels like like the sitcom
lifestyle you know my home is just cold
it's just me four walls a TV and I'm
like man this this sucks
yeah but you feel like though by the guy
paying on the first date how does that
signify that this is the ideal husband
or husband
candidate that can take care of you in
the way you want well now because my men
tell that he changed so let me just
backtrack a little bit so back in the
day I didn't even want to get married I
didn't want a family I was tell you met
me of course but keep going yeah ha
anyway I'll just let that one slide
because we don't have that much time
anyway so I could care less about
getting married a family I was so career
driven that all I wanted to do was just
have a comfortable life be able to take
care of my immediate family which was my
mom my dad my sister's my brothers
whatever hook them up with amazing
houses have an amazing house in my own
travel the world and just be completely
free-spirited without like any other
responsibilities other than myself and
maybe if I was about to start dating
someone Beth that was my mindset right
so when I would go out on a date or when
I would hang out with with the guy or
whatever I was always like hey you know
what I'm an independent woman I'm gonna
show you that we are on equal playing
fields here you pay for something I'll
pay for something sometimes I'll pay for
the whole thing just so that you know
that I got you and you got me so that's
just kind of like that that's not seems
like a very independent powerful woman
when a woman could be like you know I
got you man come on dude yeah and I
never thought less of the dude I was
never like I owned this bitch I never
felt like this dude's a pussy or
whatever right I was just like hey I
know what society what pressure society
puts on you let me show you that you
don't have to feel that with me because
I know you got it and I got it too I've
never opened the door for a guy though
yeah absolutely
okay keep going well anyway so that's
just where my line was for I want to say
about 80% of my life but recently
because I'm older now and I want to
start a family and I want to get married
and all this stuff right now I'm
thinking more like you try to imply
something no not at all okay so now I'm
thinking like hey you know what like I
do want to see if my significant other
can take care of me and when it comes to
a first date I think that's the first
way and the simplest way to see if that
if they're even capable of like doing
that for you and the way that I can
figure that out is if I'm on a first
date I want to make sure that a guy
knows how to
right that he's gonna open a door for me
that he's gonna that my feelings are in
his it's like in the forefront of his
mind and that's like his priority to
make sure that I am taking care of that
I'm happy that his princess is is never
gonna feel any sort of discomfort so
what you're saying is that by the guy
paying that gesture you feel like that
that is the guy keeping your needs in
mind and that can translate to a whole
slew of other behaviors and conduct of
how the gaya is gonna keep you in his
mind and always attend to your needs
like oh you know what I realized that I
saw her socks being low in the sock
drawer but buy her more softly that word
kind of that's a little bit more extreme
and I know that on a first date everyone
is like on their best behavior just
because they're trying to impress one
another so I'm not saying that I put so
much weight on the first date to say
like oh what the hell like he didn't
pull out each other for me what a
fucking animal like I'm not taking it to
that extreme either but I'm looking for
a lot of clues and a lot of key points
in his behavior so that I can I'm
basically evaluating him so that I can
see like okay do I want like physique
does he even have it in his head or is
he completely oblivious to this stuff so
if he can past if he can pass like all
the hair the hair pulling oh my God my
carefully carefully the chair pulling
the opening the door to making sure that
like if he sees my glasses half-empty
like he's like oh my god let me take
care of her hey waiter waitress can you
like hook her up with some water or
whatever like I'm looking for these
little things and then I'm gonna feel
like hey you know what like he's very
observant he has his eyes open like he
has me like in the like I said forefront
of his mind he's taking care of my needs
to make sure that he's making sure that
I feel good and then that is gonna lead
me to want to date him
