come on come on me Pekka okay I don't
exist because these are right in front
of him come on okay you still don't
exist
good morning guys so today we're doing
something really fun as a family and we
are gonna go on a little off-roading
picnic adventure the Tai Chi just wants
to bounce too already
and over here we have papa loading up
Hey loading up all our stuff which is
the pups loading up the pup pups
hi he's very rock'n'roll and then here
we have tents lawn chairs a mattress
what else you got a full tenant kid in
case the Sun is too crazy we have like a
half dome tent this would just provide
some shade
we've got a mini air mattress okay so I
want to lay on the floor and be comfy
and then we're gonna buy some sandwiches
and water and you know this little guy
up cool I hear take a UH crying so I'm
gonna stop talking to you hey I'm gonna
tend to my son but yeah that's what
we're gonna do right now we are gonna go
on an adventure you ready you ready
little toes these toes tell me they're
ready these toes tell me that's your
buddy whoo okay let's go my bear did you
know that I'm actually pretty excited
about this trip yes how did you know is
excited about the trip
that's true but there's also one
additional being what I like about this
trip that's true but there's another
additional theme that's true but there's
a one additional thing that's not true
the reason why I'm really excited is
because you know growing up you know I
always talked about like my my next door
neighbor remark and they had like a very
outdoorsy a very recreational type
family where they're all ride bikes and
it had like go to baseball games and
there go camping and have coolers and
stuff for me I never really had that and
so when I joined Boy Scouts and I would
see like how dad's interacted with their
kids and and just kind of that
all-american um upbringing I never had
not always always wanted it so I knew
that was the type of that guy that I
wanted to be so even though like I don't
fish or do anything like that I think
this is the closest thing that I can
really do with taiko Malaika and I'm so
glad we're getting started early and
we're going on 40 we're go in the woods
I get to bring out the cooler set up
tents set up lawn chairs it's just like
all those things to me are so like
American dad and son type things and we
get to jumpstart that so early so that's
why I'm really really excited
yeah we get to go off-roading together
today and get to hopefully see some
squirrels sit in a lawn chair eat some
yummy stuff together yeah it's gonna be
a fun time you need little outdoor
picnic
you guys want to know something that's
CUNY one of the biggest troubles of
traveling with the baby is that someone
always has to watch the baby and we
wanted coffee and we also want to get
sandwiches and water and stuff so when
we got to Starbucks and they found a
sandwich shop Jimmy John's really oh
shit someone has to go and stay which
means that the other person just has to
order on the other person's behalf
because we don't have the luxury of two
people looking at the menu but it's our
lucky day because we're at Starbucks and
there's a drive-through here and where
Jimmy John's and there's a drive-through
back there so oh what's the word the
stars are all the stars are mine
watch we run out of gas and the wheels
fall off I know I'm gonna get stuck and
we're spending the rest of me neither I
don't even know what that is oh you made
it sound like you knew what it is
oh it just sounded familiar Jimmy John's
hey you know Jimmy John's
do you know what you want mono potato
yeah I'm gonna get
I'm on the next ibex he taken any food
addicts enemies
can I get a iced latte grande please
latte and can I get our reduced chicken
fat turkey sandwich it's not the reduced
fat turkey bacon sandwich what is it I'm
sorry I got it I can make it two of
those please and can I also get a iced
black coffee with extra iced venti yes
and can I get two bottles of water
please okay thank you
that'd be off yes thank you thank you
do you not know how to carry cases of
water you know a case of water the
minute you take one bottle out the case
does a whole farm no but we have to I am
but we have to drop that off so I don't
want to ruin the case of water so that
whoever's gonna carry it later can keep
it in talk and carry it like a box we
just switch it with one that we have in
our house that's what husband's do we do
these are hands we do think the house
she thinks I'm gonna hit that baby you
guys be able to hit it
hey that's messed up see if I'm gonna
hit it or not well oh oh oh it's closed
oh oh oh shit it's really close oh now
I'm over the curb I gotta get back over
shit I'm over the theme okay so we are
now inside what is this HP area I don't
know if that means like some sort of
like recreational vehicle area but it's
bad for people to go off-roading explore
set up a grill set up like a little
campsite and just hang out and relax
cool well there's a bunch of rocks and
this is kind of very true to California
we don't have a lot of green vegetation
we just have a lot of like dry shrubby
shit that looks like this yeah because
I've been to like other states and their
vegetation is so lush and so beautiful
and green and my huge but uh since it's
desert town out here everything it's
just not it's beautiful look at that
like you see a little creek or maybe you
don't there's a creek down tyka is being
well protected from the Sun here I also
read somewhere that the Crystal Lake so
there might even be a lake in here we
might be able to check out oh cool but I
just see a lot of running water down
there though just really cool thankful
yeah so this is what we're at right now
tight but it's freaking the Fogo yeah
he's just looking at his hella toys oh
shit I got dizzy
little time
pikas not fuck fine
holy shit this place is Rockies fuck
well what is our final destination what
are we trying to do so what I'm gonna
try to do is there's a limit god it's
like a more remote area yep or maybe
just kind of chill and hang out away
from the people that are like speeding
by and going crazy okay no why I don't
know bumps for me no I do and I do I do
it like in though I don't know I guess I
don't anymore i used to i never went
with my pops I never said that Oh what
did you go out bowling with with my
sister's boyfriend
oh and it was like nine then that shit
to lose oh my gosh okay
whoa I'll be right back this is so cute
so we're setting up camp here this is
kind of away from all the racing going
on there about the dogs just running
around having a good time exploring
over there
mr. tyka in our little half dome tent
right now seems to be relaxed he's just
looking at you looking at the Sun how do
you like your first time being out in
the woods cuny bear is it cuny seems
like he likes it yeah you like it do you
like trees so yeah when I was moving the
car I didn't want to squish them dogs
are super easily loved being in the
shade
I could let him out now I don't wanna
let him out until these cars get away I
think now that everyone cleared out it's
safe to let
these guys makes me so happy it was like
this is supposed to be their natural
state of being
this is so cute knee bridge ease fat
tail is on my bare foot freaking big
bushy fat tail girl finest alert just as
usual she can never relax she's always
like what the hell's going on there but
that's going over there
meat loaf is bonus relax this chain
having a good time enjoying the smells
is feeding mr. TECA he gets hungry
everywhere no matter where you get
hungry big hungry boy that's candy are
you having a good time on ma yeah so MA
bear got a little bit carsick cuz I'm as
I was driving you know when you're the
driver
you kind of know what's going on but
Madre was holding on too tight though so
she can really brace for bounce she got
a little bit carsick and then I think
this place was kind of stressing her out
a little bit cuz there's all these like
dirt bikes and food dune buggies and
Jeep I turn off the neighborhood and the
dogs came and started running so I think
mother's instincts came in as I got to
protect my family so she's got a little
bit stressed out by the other dad I'm
like so ma Bears is trying to gather her
marbles so that she could enjoy being
out here
that truth yeah all the moms out there
will definitely understand me when I say
you know what skinny this whole
conversation leave something on me for
motherly she's a buck Wow
Union for me love relaxing oh thank you
breaking breaking now has transitioned
to putting her body on my foot he just
are giving love all day today aren't you
miss Brittany taiga finish eating and
mama burp them and we have the two
motherly dogs watching over him that's
so Kenny I'm getting kind of hungry
I'm Jimmy John's now just a little
cooler at the empty cooler I didn't plan
on spending a lot of time out here today
but one for you a bikini and the one for
me we still try to stick to the diet so
I think we got tomato lettuce easy on
the mail a little bit of mustard on no
cheese so that we can still stick to the
diet so have fun while still being
responsible yeah by the way when a
meatloaf came out he took a fat shit and
I'm being responsible and I think
there's a little doggie bad right there
so if you guys do go out of nature with
their pets
it still is your responsibility there
people home just leave Dookie out all
over the place cuz that is not cool look
at what this sandwich place my first
time
first time having a Jimmy nose just like
to fly away good lettuce even onion all
right pull this puny girl funny I'm
gonna eat this guy family picnic time
you brought out the little baby lame a
thing and he looks so comfy now I'm
sorry they're right here
that's mama bean mama if you look just
right here you would think you're in a
living room but then as you pull out
your leisure and intent and you're
realized in the wilderness right next to
going on a little walk with these guys
getting them some exercise
hey loaf there you are mother still at
Basecamp Latika just enjoying it because
I think it's kind of rocky here so even
though we brought the off-road stroller
it might be really really bumpy and plus
they're in a really nice space where um
the wind is blowing
without the too much dust getting in so
it's a really really comfortable area
right there kind of get their wiggles
out where's your sisters where's your
sisters fun Ricky
where did you guys go come here
pie in there somewhere where's breaky
where's Bridget dum-dums play yeah they
can't play too far
hey too far there are you are pretty
dumb dumbs come here meatloaf me Loaf on
bricky good kids good kids good kids
good kids you guys are good kids
look at these dancing feet whoa
dancing feet dancing feet
so MA bear just came out of the bushes
from over there I just holding toilet
paper I wonder what happened so what
happened
yeah yeah my body has always been like I
don't know it takes care of itself so it
holds in this shit you know
yeah take an old truck ultimate survival
mode because it's dinky I don't want to
leave my trace out in the wilderness so
that predators find me right yeah body
goes through yeah where isn't they gave
birth this guy's just got all gone out
he's so excited he was dancing he was
doing disco feet
yes that's all gone yeah
those guys going out over there see that
flag you know how to party
so then was they saying oh yes but every
state gave birth to him it doesn't
happen anymore so then um I'm like
fuckin gotta poop and that power is
always encouraging and always about like
okay just do it and at the same time so
two things were out going through my
mind the first one was like I don't want
to have to public i'ma get it all over
myself and it's in public I don't I've
never really done it then the other side
of me which was like 50% of me was like
I wonder would it be curious cat there's
nobody here
it's private as fog I'm like fuck I'm
gonna do it if I walk over there
squat it pull down my pants and it was
in a complete squat position it was
pretty awesome
sounds like this all day like a
powerlifter like nothing it was awesome
you know that's the natural way to poop
felt so naturally really good sitting on
the toilet is not natural it was all I
had to use was just like I had like
maybe three four squares of toilet paper
Oh cuz it doesn't smear on the way out I
dug it all up because I feel like that's
the place that is a right way yeah you
want to dig like a little trench or
something or latrine they call it yeah
you got so lucky they literally went
over there as soon as you came out white
ass but yes it was a great experience I
didn't smear it barely used any toilet
paper dug it up
did it make any mess good job mama I'm
so proud of you
this cold feet is having disco this
ain't disco go back to disco Jeff in the
truck disco feet that don't go beat
disco disco disco disco disco feel there
is a dancing machine
we're all taking a bath separately but
this guy is tired
smiling cuz it looks like he's he's done
right you crying whoa you crying why are
you crying hey
your heads just bobbing all over the
place oh you're tired go to sleep you
little monkey go to sleep with it a
monkey tired yeah oh my baby's so tired
what was he doing earlier oh oh no good
answer I'm so okay what were you doing
earlier yeah because you're tired did
you keep complaining yeah whoops let's
get that out of the way yeah it was just
tired and every time like he would start
crying let's start walking I guess I'm
making noise the minutes are walking
it's his head goes away right yep okay
cool he's good I'm trying to get back to
work come here watch the minute I try to
do any of the improvement productive
well looks like you're lying what I say
what I say
what did I say what he said I was gonna
call him Tyson oh my god
take a mom was cut you Tyson hey thank
God
hey this way what I say hey this way hey
this way
good boy good boy hey what you doesn't
want to be on camera anymore yeah but
yeah that's kind of in the battle today
or just now is that he's sleepy but he
doesn't want to go to sleep why do
babies do that let me know parents why
do babies do that they're tired just
knock out did it fight it so much just
because you don't understand that
they're tired and they're like I'm gonna
go go go and but their body's just not
trying to go but they're like their body
and their mind they're fighting like is
that what's going on let me know let me
know cuz this guy hey he said he's he's
quiet now he's not talking about never
mind he was gonna make you noise Wow oh
whoa whoa whoa it's not even a cry it's
like a complaint yeah
all right guys so we have reached the
end of our day and Tycho fell asleep on
the couch finally after being so fussy
but it's time for us to take him
upstairs so that we can actually feed
him change him and put him to bed for
the rest of the night
yeah please tired on pi11 sleep and one
shower baby let me see his face good
night my love you bikini alright guys on
that note thank you so much for watching
and see you guys too
