lead me to want to date him assuming
that he's not an idiot and assuming that
the rest of the the rest of the
conversation is is good then I would
probably want to date him again so what
you're saying is that the painting and
the pouring and and the tentative to
your needs that's what you're looking
for and you feel like that paying for
the bill is that type of gesture right
yeah so let's say there's a situation
where this dude pull the chair out for
you pulled your hair a little bit - just
the way you want to or is the water for
you notices you need a extra napkin fork
drops take care of you in every single a
tentative way that you need yeah the
bill comes out and he doesn't
immediately pay for the whole thing
well because so now this is kind of
where I'm like at a fork in the road
because now I can relate to him not
wanting to blow out his wallet
immediately to do so because and I'm
like all right then the ojio is just
kind of gonna kick in but if you sit
certainly does absolutely nothing I'm
gonna be like okay this is very weird
because first of all like he should have
reached for something because he's the
male and society expects him to do that
but then when he sees me reaching for it
and he still doesn't move I'm like all
right this is this is kind of weird so
even if he smashes it on in every other
category and what you need and he
doesn't reach for it immediately that is
almost a deal-breaker phrase yeah Wow
but let's the flip side flip side this
guy is horrendous this guy is porn
himself drinks he grabs your drink pours
it in his cup drinks drinks sounds very
familiar grab food food pulls an old jar
pulls his own chair out horrendous right
every single category you're looking for
in a life partner this fool is s all
across pays for the bill immediately
even before the bill even comes out the
weight has to come and let you know hey
miss the gentleman over here has already
paid for the bill I would completely
hate him if he was like that if he paid
for the bill I'd be like wow like what
initiative like he went behind my back
and did that now I mean I
just weigh everything on him what that's
just crazy because now I'm not even sad
cuz I'm I'm thinking like wow like
initiative that's cool like I think
that's dope
but I also have to see because maybe
he's just socially awkward at that point
maybe he just has like zero social IQ
and he's just like like he just doesn't
know how to do that stuff so now that
that now what weighs what weighs heavier
now is the type of conversation that we
have but if he sounds like an idiot and
like the only thing you know that I do
is you spend money on me then I'm just
like not interested in that in that
regard you know so there's like a lot of
things that I look at but for the most
surface that's that's gonna be what I'm
looking for someone that's gonna be a
tentative and gonna be taking care of me
on the first date so you're telling me
then that if a guy is performing
extremely well on the date great
conversational is very attentive to your
needs but he doesn't pay and that's a
complete deal-breaker right that's what
you just said that if you see that again
okay so that the guy's a great
conversationalist completely attentive
to your needs doesn't reach and pay when
the bill comes out that's a complete
deal-breaker for you that's what you
just said yeah it's gonna it's gonna be
harder for you because it's like why
didn't that happen because that's not
that's not the type of relation that I'm
trying to relationship that I'm trying
to go for in the future but that doesn't
make sense to me now if that is a
complete deal-breaker and then the other
guy was the complete opposite is also a
complete deal-breaker like that means
that's like a lose-lose situation for
any guy I mean I'm paying both extremes
right now well no what I'm saying is
with the first one I didn't really see
that it was a complete fill breaker what
I'm saying is there's a lot of other
things that I have to look at now to see
that he's gonna be future hubby material
for me that's what I just said all
categories a across the board
the only thing no that's a very extreme
I can't see that it's it's a jailbreaker
I didn't say that it was a deal-breaker
he's all across the board I said that's
what I said all across the board all
categories no aced it because what I
said was that the old Geale would kick
in and be like okay I get it he's that
type of person but you threw in a new
element which is he's acing it across
the board everywhere I know because you
threw in that new element it's not a
deal breaker anymore okay let me repeat
myself okay
on the day mmm he aces it every category
that you have okay yeah you're
evaluating him on huh the only thing he
doesn't do is he doesn't pull out his
well that's not a deal breaker then what
is that that is now I need to figure out
what his State of Mind is now like I'll
I'll pay now because I'm used to it
because that's how I was for like 80% of
my life or whatever I said um I didn't
get it but then I would want to make
sure that he understands now this is
with future dates that he understands
that that's the type of future that I
want I want to be at home with my kids I
want to devote my life to my kids and my
family and I don't want to have to work
I don't want I don't want that at that
moment so if there's a way where we can
talk about that and that might be way
too like advanced burden I don't know if
it's sudden but like way too ahead of
our time to be talking about that
probably yeah marriage is weird on a
second date yeah yeah yeah I mean yeah
of course I've never talked to anyone I
think we just start talking about
marriage after being together for like
20 million years no you're you're going
around parading about how you want to
marry me but we've got to go he never
wanted to marry you I still don't okay
you guys anyway cuz you have no game and
we all know that um Oh
side note let me talk about this story
does it have anything to do with
overtime marina
no but it has something to do with what
we were talking about in your video so
in his video complete side note okay
guys in his video he was talking about
how in college he was dating a lot of
females and him and I we were good
friends so anytime he was dating a
female he would hit me up and he's like
hey Geo I have interest in this chick
this is what I have planned for her what
are your thoughts and I was like yo dude
those are completely cool like that
works he would do it in a backfire
completely and it would fail and now he
likes to blame me and say that I
sabotage
zooming that I had any sort of feelings
outside of friendship for him because I
didn't I was like in hated in it but now
the truth comes out NoHo from who you
cuz that knows because we're together
and we all know the devious plan that
you put in place no get on Yoda and the
reason why I know that it wasn't
sabotage well there's multiple reasons
cuz one I couldn't stand you and we were
friends but I thought you were knowing
his fuck and I would hate to be in a
relationship with you and now you're two
you clearly had you clearly had no game
because there was this one chick I
remember her perfectly
there's this one chick who he really
liked and he like kept asking me for
tips or whatever right gave it to him
whatever the one thing where they kept
working right no the my tips kept
working of course that kept working
check it out so I guess they worked so
well but York she invited him over to
her place for a pool party right he's oh
my god you're gonna tell the story I
told you
yep he shows up he shows up right any
sense and then she goes you know what
all my friends I don't know how it
happened but they flaked on me so I
guess she's just gonna be us - they're
in a hot tub sitting together
he doesn't bust any moves on her it's
obvious to everyone up there right guys
that she's putting the moves on him he
didn't do jack shit and nothing happened
with that relationship so I don't think
it has anything to do with me I just
think you have zero game homeboy no cuz
you're you ruined it how did you or
invited you to her place there's no
people there so you're trying to say you
liked me and that's how I ruined it
because I couldn't help but be amazing
probably to play on my mind haha you
promise no stupid liar no but hey I got
myself to that point therefore proving
that I had a game no even Kobe has his
bad days it shouldn't be up to the girl
to have to make up Ben Kobe had his bad
days and I had a bad day that day and
after that when I wanted to come in with
the new game plan I went home and I
realized what the fuck happened so I
called on my Phil Jackson and guess what
Phil Jackson wanted me all to himself
whatever anyway what are we talking
about I don't know you brought up a side
that have nothing to do in my video my
side note was completely related so
we're talking about whatever I just had
to save my case okay you stay tuned now
what so anyway what I was trying to say
well that's what I was trying to say but
um yeah when going into relationship I
would want it to be known what my
intentions are for future and like I was
in like what we both agreed on that
would be weird to establish in like the
first handful of dates because then it's
like whoa I'm not even looking at that I
just want a companionship right now
that's about it unless I have to do with
the guy pain though but these are well
what I'm saying is these are things that
I'm looking for to make sure that this
guy is even capable of taking it there
so even if he got AIDS all across the
board and he didn't pay that time that's
not gonna be a deal-breaker for me I'm
just gonna be like all right well let me
see what his intentions are so I feel
like then the message that goes out to
the guys or girls that are dating out
there what should be really important is
when you're going out with the girl
don't focus so much about what's gonna
happen at the end of the date but really
what goes on during the day right that's
what you're saying yeah absolutely
because regardless if you're you are a
girl that is either a jinx guys are
socially obligated to pay or be a for
think a female who is like you know what
we can go half this I could pay for I
don't really give a fuck what I care
about is a date more it seems like if
the date goes well not paying the bill
is it's a complete further consideration
and it doesn't really matter because
even for you
right now in your new in a new mine
state if the guy doesn't pay but he
killed it on the date yeah we could talk
about this on the next thing yeah so the
guy earned himself the next day right
I'm not tripping so it's not so much
about the bill paying it's so much about
what's going on in between the asking of
the date and then having to pay for the
bill and also that all your needs are
met right your maternal needs right so
how do you feel about those females then
where they're like really gossipy and
they go like let's say they're the ones
that the man at the
pay the guys don't pay and or they they
want to pay half in the girls look oh my
god and then I go up to their friend
they go on face I got this dude like
Patrick pay for it I'm like what does it
pay like well I mean it really depends
on what the girls intentions were like
what she really wants out of the
relationship
maybe she's used to that just like
there's a little paint you know the
girls they were slowly getting into
clubs if they do get turned away from
God like that then I'm in club but well
I think I would have to see what their
set of mind is and why they feel that it
has to be that way and if they're like
well I don't know that's just kind of
what happens all the time then I think
they're just stupid
then you seem to be fuckin with females
that have this kind of face like okay
okay yeah if I was a dude I would never
fuck with the robot I would you honestly
couldn't you mean in my video you know
my position and based off my position if
the girls like I mean yeah thanks
serious I'm like yeah I am serious
no you're stuck with the bill bitch yeah
cuz those are the type of signals that
are fucking confused they're gonna be
nagging about everything even when you
give her what she wants she doesn't even
know that she wants that and it's just
it's a whole bunch of fucking messes so
you need a girl that just knows what she
wants is clear straight-up knows how to
communicate knows how to tell you what
she wants and and I feel like you guys
can wear together that way but if it
goes like I mean I don't even know why
but I know that like I feel it because I
don't know like a bird probably told me
that this is what's right and this is
what's been happening with me and he
didn't like pay like what the fuck man
that's a no-go
that's I don't want to deal with a girl
like that in third a lost cause but yeah
so those were my two cents about who
needs to be paying for the bill on the
first date if you guys would like to
hear all the Bart's opinions points and
lies go ahead and visit his channel he's
ready what I fucking hate eating with
Bart what for the sole reason that you
eat all of my food before like you you
have to touch all of my feet
