hey what's up beautiful people
hello so Bart and I spent a lot of time
together I want to say about 90% of our
days literally spent with each other and
I know a lot of you guys are gonna be
like Oh Giotto is pushing for it to be
like great next to stuff all the time
oh dude well you always foremost drag
nails over the place I'm I don't want to
go in the exact me you swear I'm just
here you'd actually really like spending
time with them yeah
so naturally because we're friends and
we're lovers we just like enjoying each
other's company are lovers ever yeah
whatever dude but what I so so okay
before I even start talking shit like
this videos about just talking it's a
lot of honesty that I'm gonna share with
you guys but there's a lot of things I
do enjoy doing this is like we work out
together we walk our knots together we
do everything together really we really
doing and it's a lot of fun but there's
only one thing seriously literally babe
because I love you so much there's only
one thing that I fuckin hate there's
only one thing any other thing that pops
up you can doesn't count anymore is not
valid there's only one thing I'll make
sure to edit that part out because
there's only one thing more no no
there's a huge you guys what isn't this
one's a huge thing and all my
girlfriend's out there because now we're
girlfriends do you know that right so
all my girlfriend's out there are gonna
agree with you when I point this one
thing out ready what I fucking hate
eating with Bart what for the sole
reason that you eat all of my food
before like you you have to touch all of
my feet if you don't even let me eat
like you have to like stick your fork in
my food and I continue eating it like I
don't mind that you like
tippy-toe your way over to my plate and
then take a couple pieces here and there
cuz you want to taste it like I'm
totally cool with that but what he likes
to do he does this little like there's
still plenty of food on his plate but he
does it'll reach her own thing where he
just takes it no I do let you eat why
are you doing that to me
you got about five minutes you didn't
show what you want to enjoy five minutes
and another thing that sucked because of
him and it caught myself doing this with
other people I notice that I start
hovering over my food because I need to
be like on the defense like I noticed
that I watched you put your drink so far
away from me because you always like
have to drink it and you leave Guppies
and like by the time I'm ready to enjoy
my drink it's gone
you never replenish it I always
replenish it or if you do replace you
there's a bunch of fucking food in there
and I'm like dude I want my drink in my
food to be separate I don't want like
this concoction of chewed up food that's
all gonna be mixed up anyways that's not
your call though you close it it's my
call because it's my food it's your bet
if I didn't tell you if you're blind you
won't even know maybe like two freakin
spaghetti meatballs inside your store
that you probably do taste it that's
stupid
I could feel that freaking meatball
texture in my mouth what are you talking
about every like what the fuck that's a
pleasant summarize I love when I get
those both like the same thing that's
not fair well anyway I found out when I
don't eat with a minute uses other
people I'm like hovering over my plate
and they've never done that like I grew
up from a very like conservative family
that we have like manners like table
manners specifically and it's always
like rude to have any part of your like
elbows or arms on the table I grew up in
with doesn't show like it cuz seriously
if you could like use your feet I'm sure
you probably would not I wouldn't that's
disgusting yeah sure whatever do you
know I used a salad fork for the salad
and dinner for the dinner for okay so if
there's a table setting hot move from
the outside or the inside out I move
I'll move them outside and dryer I do
know you're such a liar yeah I think
that's the style I go yeah whatever
I go outside that's the way it works
anyway so I have the table manners so
when I caught that I was you know I'm
like oh my god fucking bored I hate Ian
like he has me on the defense all the
time not only that but now I know how to
develop it food in five minutes that's
horrible
you're welcome so oh it's so unladylike
how's it unladylike cuz like I can't
even enjoy my food because I'm just
trying to scarf it down to beat you from
eating my food I forgive y'all ladies a
reality check
no a lot of girls a lot of girls if you
have this misunderstanding I don't know
why when you go on dates with dudes
dude like it okay listen no but a lot of
girl in the gon face they think then I
try to impress a guy like well like no
they don't
I'm for oh I'm sorry excuse you the
girls watching us right now are not for
those type of girls whatever girls are
there they're the real girls that are
like yo fuck the salad
hold the salad give me a big-ass fucking
steak or big burger I'm gonna devour
that shit shit but I'll spend an hour on
the motherfucker but does it make any
sense the time and amount that you do
completely independent from each other
what are you talking about no cuz you
eat fast you know I get an hour you eat
another one what are you talking about
know what I'm saying it girl you don't
have to be on telex when you eat this
because you're saying that you feel like
you don't have manners anymore but I'm
saying yeah plenty of math and I love
you just as much even more not good yeah
because you know how to eat now no that
has nothing to do with it I don't like
feeling like I'm always like a freaking
dog trying to protect its food from
being stolen from another dog well yes I
do
that's know because of that reason and
it's so uncomfortable like I really view
eating the same way I do sleeping it's
like now this is the time to unwind now
it's like let's get centered again let's
get focused and you don't think about
anything that happened in your knew you
had a shitty day you just leave that
outside of the restaurant
leave it outside of your kitchen it's
like you're just gonna sit down and like
enjoy your meal you're gonna taste it
you're gonna taste your stuff you're
gonna have a nice conversation
that's all I've you eating and you on
the other hand are like dude that's not
fair I have you eating just the way you
do okay well the pacing is different
because your pace is a little bit faster
than mine it's not fair that I suffer
because of poor taste but I thought you
loved me that has nothing to do with it
so that means your food might be much to
rejoice you know it's it used to mean
that up until you started taking over my
food and I was only eating like a
handful of it yesterday I gave you one
of my shrimps
I don't have formal and what did I do
because I was so nice I only bit happen
and gave it back because you only have
four I know because you see you like it
this is what he does
anytime I have like I'll just use donut
because it's everyone knows what I don't
know it's like right we'll just say it's
like this picture donut right right and
I'll be like oh I know my baby's gonna
love this flavor and I know he loved his
donut I want to share this happiness
with him share it okay
the nice thing to do is you take a bike
big enough for you to taste it but not
to eat all of the person that sharing
with you that's to eat all of their food
it isn't fuck what looking above it so
what I do is I get the gunner right I'm
like hey babe you're gonna love this
here take a bite and what he does he'll
put as much as he can in his mouth right
so go like you'll probably squish the
doughnut so that it's no longer a circle
and it's like a cylinder and
