and then he'll like stuff it in his
mouth and if as soon as his mouth is
full he uses his lips dude
his lips to wrap a little like just a
one inch more so he can take it from me
and I'm left with this much Beth of my
doughnut and I'm like that fucking sucks
I got the taste by and he ate all of my
doughnuts and he does this it's so funny
because it's true but that's not no
you're blaming me for not with them not
making bigger doughnuts no I'm blaming
you because you don't know how to share
and you don't want to respect people's
smashes just but like for doughnuts so
then you can eat one of my 2003 no
that's not fair sometimes you don't have
these luxuries and it's you're just left
with one and you have to be nice and
share did they teach your shit in school
what if I take a small that I'll plan I
don't even taste it didn't you get
yourself it's not about you the way the
donut wasn't about me so I gave it to
you first
you made it about you and you fucked me
over and now you're making me a sourpuss
because now I don't ever want to share
with you well I'm sorry but it's not my
fault because I'm just used to taking
one side you guys you have no respect
for people stuff I don't know how to
nibble that's not my father not sure if
my mom told you to take a bite to taste
it your ass would probably take a nibble
no I would eat up the entire corner of
the pie you would not do that if I were
you that's sober side a quarter spicy I
only lost two to three bites every video
you lighted he's beautiful
I'm never tired of it I never lied to
them so you're saying if my mom or
stranger is like hey here take a bite or
stranger it might be different than they
might have ate that is does it work like
that very well I don't know whatever
they have I don't want to catch it but
if it's someone I know and they gave me
something
you better believe that it's gonna be
gone try it that's not fair I'm trying
it I'm trying am i why do your lips have
to play like I have a role in this I
don't know that's how I like to eat I to
go
it's not fair what month why does my
chief just have all the fun okay I think
you've seen the point here I'm saying
you can eat any way you want to eat you
can order as much food as you want to
you because I know you like to eat a lot
and like regular human sized portions
just won't satisfy you I understand that
and I'm not tying your hand and saying
no it's got to be this way like you
could only order this much food you can
do whatever you want seriously whatever
you want just don't touch my shit just
don't touch my food but what if I
already know you're not gonna finish
that's not that's not your call to make
I'm just helping no you have to help me
when I need the help you don't fucking
go up to a wind be like oh my god and
start hoping to be like dude you are
gonna get raped
no you waited till maybe she gets raped
and then you go and help her wait
someone asks for help that's when they
need help do you want to prevent it from
happening
no now when it comes to my food your
food not true I don't get fat from not
finishing my food okay we're talking
about are you saying I'm not fat anymore
cuz in your video you kept calling me
fat no you're not fat you're beautiful
no anyway yeah so you can't make the
call for me you can't like do not
freakin is clear you can't see the
future it's like pan O'Neal or not gonna
finish it I can tell you right off the
bat if the food comes out I can tell you
what you're gonna finish and what you're
not gonna say you wish if it's sweet
it's a dessert you know I don't because
sometimes I get frickin it's just too
sweet and I don't want to eat it and
give it to you all the time
no if you were smart if you know am I
gonna finish you if you were smart you
would just wait in that means you're
gonna get all the good stuff when it's
cold and I don't want that to happen
also now you're gonna be picky I'm not
gonna be think imma eat all of it then
why are you why is that even an issue
then why would you even bring it up and
waste your time because I don't want to
sit there and take a break so when I'm
done with my food
and I know you're not gonna be done with
your juice no need to order it because I
know you're not gonna be dense I just
wait
anti-itch my food my eat your food so
then your mine is a luxury then hmm
having my food is extra credit
I'm happy I don't need to help though I
don't mind like throwing it away I don't
mind giving it to my dogs I love my dogs
I know you love them yeah so I don't
mind sharing what I enjoyed know that
you know that brings so much joy to my
heart but even that you take that away
from me
well we can go buy more yourself and
leave my shit alone but seriously it's
not just food I noticed you also take
away my napkin every time so now like I
have to leave my napkin on my lap
because then this guy takes it because
you're not using it that's not your call
you use the generous favor of ripping a
habit I know you still need it and I
think the other half know just get your
own why did the take and then baked I
lose my own thing raise your hand if you
like you'll excuse me waitress or waiter
can you please freakin give me more
napkins because I'm slow and I don't
want to keep offering my girlfriends but
you know those guys take forever to
sometimes take initiatives get up and
then just get it yourself and they like
this services shit they'll make you do
the world a favor somebody look at you
what else you gonna do next time that
you're gonna change cuz I like the
direction and what you're going right
next time and get my own napkin I'll get
my own refills why are you gonna do that
because servers are slow but what about
me what do you mean juice me I don't
know let you not finish your food then
let it go to waste
no you can eat it cold you should you're
still
eat it you don't mind but you preferred
afraid of you just let you know a lot of
chefs they have a spy camera okay it
comes with the job they signed up for it
no that's why I know that and I eat it
in front of them and then they look at
it and they go oh do you be hungry
thanks buck duck now who's gonna call me
fat no don't even call you fat doesn't
see you 180 I'm not 180 I competed not
at one eight what you compete at 165
look I wouldn't even want this advice is
a very healthy weight I was in 165 I try
to stay away from the truth now I'm all
sad about you keeping it like taking
away my food you have it to eat like a
savage me not enjoying all with the
flavors on my palate and now you call me
fat and now you want them to call me
family yo you're trying to kill me today
No so what's gonna happen so next time
I'm nothing to eat your food swear swear
I want you they want you I so I'm not
gonna eat just that cuz there's
something you don't even realize it but
you're like grabbing other people's food
yeah so it's not my fault you know it's
not my fault you just need to be aware
no I have a BB when it comes to food I
just grab him food I don't know who's
wrong dude it was so funny he did that
to Casey like several times for
everybody's easy and then he just go
like this me crab man and he's like oh
oh shit dude my bad when I see food in
front of me I'm enough I'm sorry
I guess it's my resolution what am i
stopping here for I'm gonna try really
hard okay fine but now you also know
that I have a problem so if I do start
that mood it's not my voice
fighting problem dude why because you
can't control it
yeah I see all my roommates through all
the time in the finish that's horrible I
know you just saw you're so selfish nope
I bring food to for the key don't
microwave you so selfish you're a joy or
keikar a weird
mister don't you have it yeah that sucks
dude anyway if you guys would like to
hear what Barton had to say or his
defense go ahead and check out his video
it's actually a lot but why I weigh more
in that one before peace I can read your
own barricades and create your own bear
cave and have a beautiful beautiful
wonderful life together but with all
that being said which is great at all
there's always bad that come with it
