hey what's up beautiful people
so being in a relationship has its perks
um and one of the perks is that you get
to spend the ultimate amount of time
that you can with your significant other
and it's always the best you're right
all the time yeah you can spend all of
your life if you do nothing about it and
it's such a beautiful beautiful
beautiful thing and in the beginning
that relationship you guys are dating
and you live in your own places and
Inga's into his own place and if the
time is gonna come when you guys want to
get your places and then flip them
together and then live together and live
harmoniously and then bliss and have
your own barricades and create your own
bear cave and have a beautiful beautiful
wonderful life together but with all
that being said which is great at all
there's always bad that come what's the
good so I want to let you guys know what
it's like living with this beautiful
face pretty much paradise I would have
to say no it is far from paradise
specifically the sleeping situation okay
so before I moved in with him I had this
queen-size bed and it was perfect for me
it was just beautiful right except for
the fact that it I didn't know my
parents that gets like really hard beds
so they kind of raised this on a hard
bed
and I didn't really sleep around in too
many beds but I didn't get to like test
her on all these different beds and say
like oh shit this is hard as it sucks in
whatever right because I don't accept in
my own bed but in genell's have noticed
something was funny when you like the
same hardness of the cutting board
so besides the fact that it was a
hardest fuck right he would complain
that like cuz he's not a very small dude
like he's like one and a half sizes
wider than me even like I wouldn't even
be surprised if he's mm wider than me
right so we just didn't fit in our bed
so first of all you would complain about
how freaking hard and it's speaking
small I'm like right cool
let's just get a bigger bed we got this
king bed it's super soft it's uh it's
Playtex
so now it like it couldn't it conforms
to your body and it feels like it just
hugging it it's almost like tempur-pedic
except it rebounds faster right to the
computer you press it minutes it's like
when we adjust anyway that's exactly
what you said said I had to be redone it
innit so um so we have like this cool
bed now which I'm gonna say thanks to
you that we have it because I have no
idea that I was sleeping over dumb tough
of creeping on Hard Rock's
but what sucks is after the honeymoon
stage where we literally I don't know
what the fuck you were thinking about
cuz I was feeling like shit every single
night but physically feeling like she
broke my heart with all my heart was so
happy was when I'm gonna play you right
now right we would literally sleep like
this for the first month of our
relationship it was like this he's me
I'm him and it was like this and we
would sleep like this I don't know how
the hell how the hell we did it
but it was awesome right like my heart
was so happy but my neck was all tweaked
and shit how did you feel I felt like
shit I really loved it is but it
throughout the throughout the times that
we do it I only get about 2 to 3 hours
of sleep every night we're just holding
and and I get really really hot so the
whole time I'm just sitting there and
like every every few hours I would get
the blanket and go like this and try to
get some air in yeah I was
sleep anyways I want to be like you so
bad that it's so cute
okay so then after that phase then he
goes to that let's get real it stop this
bullshit phase let's actually sleep to
sleep and enjoy freaking art day so that
we're not frumpy and like Krypton
excellent sure right so he'd get taught
really quickly I get cold you in the
cookie
like seriously polar opposites so what
happened is I had this debate right I
would sleep on it and I'm like super
cool and all he would do is like as soon
as he would get hot he was getting
excitement throw it up on top of me
right and like hey that's perfect
because I'm cold as shit so awesome now
I'm super hot but then what he would do
is he would grab it cuz I guess all of a
sudden he gets chilly he grabs it and
again because he's white he's this way
he turns around and when he turns around
he likes tuck it in underneath his body
so this white ass body takes the entire
planet with him and he's heavy as fuck -
so now I'm left freezing cold you know
my motherfucker man and I'm like pissed
cuz I'm not like I don't I'm not happy
when I wake up especially if it's like
an abrupt awakening I'm kind of grumpy
so I'm just like in my face and I'm all
pissed and I'm just trying to yank it
from him in this thick his buns booking
heavy and he doesn't even wake up he
doesn't even like try to accommodate to
any of that so I'm just like forced to
stick my hand in my shirt a shit you
might get into a little ball and I'm
just like look so that really sucks but
we solve that problem in the gravy
blankets we have so let me the meat let
me explain up ladies collection we have
thanks to him this is what we have a
beautiful soft light paint like summer
blankets it's a transparent like you
said he's had each child get started off
as a winter blanket Jenna now after
Washington mode them - some of them are
like it yabba-doo babe a Down debate
that's really light and but very warm
yeah and then we have this really sick
quilt that's perfect when you put it on
top cause it kind of just like some
other the whole thing yeah but you know
what it feels like because you don't get
cold because I don't get calls I'll
never use it but you use two out of the
three blankets I don't know why you
complain that's a good point
well yeah so that problem was solved
thanks to moi because this dude would
always take
blankets and then we were like we were
literally playing tug of war at night
because he would take it and I'm trying
to gank it back and then he got smart so
he took me under his bonds like fuck it
whatever I'm just underneath my body
since I was a kid all right all right
well thanks for that giving me the heads
up so that's something to look forward
to guys
another thing is he loves to fart any
chance that he get but what purpose are
just fart a lot
but what sucks when we used to share a
blanket he would fart and he would move
so you know what happens is as soon as
you pick up the blanket it like sucks
and air rights as soon as you you put
the blanket down it pushes that air out
Oh sucks if you would never give me a
head up heads up that like he farted
right so awesome I mean awesome dragon
chill and then like he moves up like it
and then it like a gust of Bart wind
hits my mouth and I'm just about
performance I'm just like literally
coughing trying to like gather up my
spots and try to figure out where the
hell I'm at and what just touched me in
the face and he's over there it's
giggling on his side I'm like y'all dude
like you got to give people a head fuck
why don't you blow a little no everyone
knows if you breathe through your mouth
you need shit particles all your frickin
tongue oh my PG and my pockets are
filtered it out it's like a coffee
filter you don't get any of the coffee
grinds in your mouth I can't do it all I
picture these bad little shit Adams like
fucking floating all over the wind and
then as soon as I go no I'm eating your
Connie it's caught in my bottom and I've
tested it I've tested it because know
what you get when you're when you're
awake you get all mad right there's
times where did you fallen asleep
I haven't found sleep it's a verdict
that my blanket and I tuck everything in
it and I'm like this all right way and
there's no reaction and I did a couple
more times like you fucking grub and it
just story guys how much okay cause you
don't even notice and then one time I do
I like this boy
I picked up the blanket no no Jordan no
I did you know you probably knocked me
into a deeper consciousness you suck I
can't believe you did it
I just wanted to see you really decide
that's what you did it did it no you did
you did like it because I've heard you
wake up from us gun blasts before you
know yeah that's so that tells me that
that's what you really don't like
because that actually woke you up but
you're like one level below it okay and
I was probably SuperDuper tired so you
can't I did a multiple knife oh you're
horrible that is horrible I can't
believe you would make me smell your
fucking - no I don't
everyone who personally knows Bart knows
that as soon as he says I farted
seriously like it's like turning on the
lights which is seeing all the
cockroaches matters cuz that's exactly
what happens like his fart stench is not
human at all it sounds like he's had a
freaky it smells like he's had like I
don't know 20 years of built-up skunks
in his stomach and they just rotted and
then all of a sudden he farts and it's
like slowly releases this lethal gas and
people just fucking want to pull out
their hair and like stab their eyeballs
out cuz it's horrible
well guys know when you're sleeping
really matter well I don't know I
probably that's why that's probably why
I woke up so grumpy no on the nights I
didn't do it you woke up grumpy
