all right so besides the freaking
standing of the blanket and tucking it
under your body and making me breathe
and the lethal fart dust that you always
produce other than that what also
speaking completely sucks is he's a very
big dude look at that
like his whatever so his arm compared to
mine is really small I mean not my heart
so what he does he'll turn around while
he's asleep he has no idea what he's
doing all right think he doesn't have
any idea what he's doing and he just
like lets his fucking heavy tree arms
just like you've hit me more I got a
time warp that's my job
so what I said should pour I come over
it I got it whatever one you are such a
liar so his heavy-ass limbs are all over
my body there's a lot of times where he
elbows me in the freaking eye liar gonna
knock out that I'm so tired I've never
ever good night I'll move me in the face
multiple times I sort of got multiple
times every time you I probably forget
how your mum right now I don't know I'm
just all coming back to me it's crazy
it's just all coming back to me sounds
like what's it like in there
bullshit so he's constantly like doing
MMA moves on me while I'm asleep and
he's asleep and exploit Lee's bunkie
sucks on top of that there's been
multiple times where I wake up and he's
big-ass head on like what are you doing
Marty why are you on my pillow like what
that wasn't close to you I think what
really happening through the middle of
the night somehow and all the movement
that you were making your pillow just
escapes you and you couldn't find it
you're like fuck it I'm gonna listen
good like dude get off why oh it's Cuban
eyeliner pillow it's not you cuz you
have horrible breath make it smell it
and it just sucks
it's a recent conference
it's not my fault I got smashed I don't
know it's weird my pillow like it's well
I'm one of my head laid it's pretty much
like just two sheets and o-rings on all
the like pillow my lady I don't know
it's gonna be really hot that's what the
board on the street is the holy God your
trees
oh that's time I migrated slowly to
where I was looking for something likes
to wake up and have conversations
he likes to finish conversations that he
was talking about none like dude leave
me alone I'm trying to sleep
are you freakin crazy forget about that
you wake up and you just have a
conversation I don't know where no no
while you're asleep you just get up I
don't know if you're still have to sleep
most it's kind of all what I'm sleepy
yes that's what I keep saying
are you sleeping yeah you just sit up
and then you start talking to me there's
multiple orders you talk back to me yeah
cuz I think you're talking to me and
then I pay attention to what you're
saying and you're speaking like
gibberish I'm like what the hell are you
talking about gosh we've talked a little
bit yeah now I'm gonna miss kind of here
like that was okay these look forward to
those two mics that laugh cuz I'm like
what are you talking or whatever so so
far I don't know I can't remember
specifically but it's like in the middle
of like your dream or something can you
just like continue what was going on in
your dream you just say it in person I'm
just like crack and cuddle up so funny
so many bad things any of those are bad
and I could see all your soul
particularly when you have to sleep like
for example today right we just took a
nap and I'd love to have her windows oh
because I like to feel a lot of natural
air especially in it it's beautiful
whatever so I pulled up the blinds so
that all the sun is shining because I
love the filming of the Sun hitting my
skin because it's just warm and there's
like this amazing breeze that's
traveling through our Charlie throughout
a room and what happened we're good with
this breezes it moves that little on
what is it that little tool blind blind
puller
yeah the blind fool and that's that
little bullet and of it keeps like
hitting they're the ones that oh my god
can we please shut that up and it only
hit it once it only hit that thing once
and it was so minor you could barely
even hear I'm a light sleeper he's
complaining about it I'm like holy crap
you what I'm a light when I sleep I like
to not have noise when she fucking loved
boys she wants hear the baby's crying
outside you want to get the other
neighbor plug and play with maracas and
shit you get the bag of peanuts puts it
on time dance around you just love noise
like I just wanted to be nice and quiet
no I close the window yes I also like
the wind that's I turn the fan on no I
just like things to be natural however
they're gonna be and I can just sleep
through it it's cool but you on the
other hand it's all like either about
the way the blanket feels the
positioning of your pillow the side of
the bed that your uncle's you do this
little flops thing all the time like a
blanket up the bed is getting all more
and I I can't find a good place to sleep
I don't know but you're so particular
about the same things that happens to my
pillow the same that happens to the best
okay I don't think it gets to you
because we did this little switcheroo
like so many times I sleep on the inside
of the bed he sleeps on the outside and
I swear to god we switch to back and
forth like a million times no
do we end up here and end up here we end
up doing this shit like now we switch
this flavors you get swings fucking both
whoop so what's so bad about my head's
on the fucking floor and then he likes
that shit what what's so bad about that
seems kind of fun actually
no I hate it because I am comfortable
with my side of the bed and I've like
molded it to my body and it feels great
well what it seems like kind of like a
shoot when you first buy it it's like
very stiff and after a few months of
wearing it and walking around it you
brace it in in that moment that it's not
shoot is broken it it's the best fitting
shoe in the world but what if I like
that's you too you picked your side not
stay in it for no benefit to another two
weeks and then I want to listen to you
guys this is what you have to look
forward to all these nice things I guess
I guess honestly I think it's just you I
think I'm just a lucky fucking person I
got stuck with you what do you mean
what's thank you for it and your
particular way of sleeping and the
temperature has to be perfect and the
sound has to be minimal
who would like sleeping you already know
somebody instruction cycle I think
everyone out there is like you know what
me too I know right you don't get me
wrong but you like it to be if you hear
a pin drop on the floor he gets like
what the fuck was that what is this
how's that you do know how many things
out there because you don't like them
but the crazy thing is after all this
shit that he puts me through prior to
sleeping while we're sleeping an actor
pre sleep during sleep and after sleep
I think this meas with all this
nightmare honestly
it's still pretty damn fun I love you
it's kind of crazy because it's like I
don't understand how that works
but like I feel miserable right and it
sucks but I when you roll and you travel
and you're like in different states then
you don't sleep in this thing like in
bed with me it feels horrible and I know
it should feel great because I have this
huge bag that's super soft and mold it's
my body all to myself
nobody farting nobody making any noises
or talking to me in the middle of the
night or punching me in the face I still
feel you miss you quick question and the
reason why you hit changing all the time
is because you want to be on the side
where it's molded to your body right and
it hits the side that's more that's in
my body right okay when we're sleeping
she hates changing side she likes it huh
the side she's on okay so that's done
that's the exit so why is it every time
I leave that I come back you're always
how you're breaking stuff is on my side
down he steps up my side if you actually
hate it so bad I don't know that's just
two questions finished Kota anything
okay if you guys want to go and check
out all the beautiful things that put
Bart through go ahead and check out his
channel so you can reveal all their lies
food every relationship it has its ups
and it's down and for the most part the
majority of y'all would like it to have
more up you guys wanted to be very
harmonious you guys want to be in love
and you gonna be good Oh ed it up up oh
yeah I love you
but the reality of it is it's not like
that
