hey whats up beautiful people so today
I'm going to play around with lower body
specifically here you guys see me doing
squats and I did about five sets of six
and I started noticing a lot of
different things about myself for
example this is my first working set at
175 and look at how slow it moves my bad
it's 170 it doesn't move that quickly
but I don't remember it being that heavy
um so this is actually the first time or
the first few couple of weeks that I've
been playing wrong with low bar and then
I really widen my squats but if you look
at the second set here I started
noticing that it moves a little bit
faster than the first set and this is
after i did all my mobility stretches
after did all my stretches I did like
really low weight to get warm at this
point in my head I was like dude I'm
completely warm not a problem so what I
started figuring out was oh crap there
we go the bar was actually slipping from
my back because I still wasn't used to
low bar and I noticed that I was holding
it with my thumbs around the bar and I
noticed that was actually hurting my
wrists more um so there were a lot of
little tweaks that I started noticing
that I needed to make so here in this
set you can see my thumb is completely
away from the bar now and this felt so
good on my wrist I actually had a widen
up my grip as well and there was a lot
less strain on my wrists at that point
and look at that I noticed that I was
starting to move the weight a lot faster
i'm still doing the same weight this is
my third set on doing reps of six here
and this is the fastest i've been able
to move it and what great crazier is the
more sets that i do the faster that the
stupid weight is moving so i realized
that my body needs to be really fatigued
in order for me to feel super warm and
to move the weights faster so this is my
fourth working set now now look at how
quickly this stupid speeds going to that
was wrong with me I don't even know what
my body does that look at that it looked
a lot better than my first one and you
know you would think that I would be
tired by this point
because I did like 24 sets already I
mean I'm sorry I did twenty four reps
already so you would think I'd be like
freaking exhausted but I'm not it's
moving okay I'm just like dude what's up
so I was like okay well that's kind of
easy so let me just finish up my last
set with 175 and I don't even think I
was getting able to be able to do this
cuz i already did so many sets and so
many reps prior to this but look at that
that was nothing I was okay I didn't
need any spot I even called Bart over
cuz I was like hey Bart I'm gonna
actually need your help here and I
completely underestimated my
capabilities and I'm like super
surprised at what I'm capable of doing
and that goes to show you guys out there
that your mind freakin is so strong that
it really does in my case at least that
it really does hinder the amount of
weight that I can be moving around I'm
like dude what else does my mind me
up with stupid idiot mind I'm just
kidding but I was really happy that I
got to see this because now I know what
to work on so I still have my back
injury and this is probably one of the
few times i started practicing a sumo
deadlifts and it felt so uncomfortable
first of i didn't even point my toes out
which I I here I haven't even tried it
yet because I'm so new to this movement
I here gives you more leverage when
you're trying to get out of on when
you're trying to pop up with the weight
and it still feels very uncomfortable
for me my hips feel super tight i have
like no flexibility my hair is jacked up
not that that has anything to do with
anything but this movement just feels so
awkward so I just kept playing around
with it right here my back started
hurting which already tells me that I'm
doing it wrong because your bat your
lower back should feel no sort of strain
and now that's where my injury is in my
lower back so I'm just like oh crap dude
like what am i doing wrong but you know
I just had a kind of muscle it through
it and just kind of believe in the
technique I keep refining and tweaking
the technique because I here again for
tall people this is the best type of
that live to do um but it's a lot harder
coming off the floor so my dumb ass
have even started doing this with a
deficit because it makes it that much
harder because it's like you're going
past the floor now to pick up wait so
here I felt like all right I guess I
need a little bit more power so I'm
gonna put my hood on not that that does
 but it just feels better because my
hair won't be in my way as much but here
I go I still don't really understand the
setup that much um it takes me like
about 20 million a squiggles to get my
shins close enough to the bar where it
feels comfortable and then it takes like
like another 20 million times to grip
the bar um but this one actually looks
pretty cool but it's so inconsistent
because the first one pops up really
good second one popped up really good
but then after that I don't know i think
my my hips shoot up way too fast or look
at that I struggled so much on the third
one I don't know what I'm doing wrong so
if you guys have any friendly tips out
there I'm more than like grateful and so
honored and humbled if you guys can
shoot over some tips when it comes to
sumo deadlifts again my back started
giving me problems so I was like oh man
I don't know if I want to keep doing
this all right it I guess I'm gonna
keep going that's kind of what my
thought processes when I'm working out
um I truly tried really really really
really really hard not to bitch out
especially when it comes to lower body
because lower body is like my strongest
and it tends to be the most funnest one
for me um but I was like dude I can't
take it anymore so I stopped I'm
supposed to do four sets but i just did
too and I was like okay I'm gonna do
this for my back ok never fight putting
it back that was like the stupidest idea
I could have ever had for myself so I
just moved on and I started doing wide
grip pull ups with some band assistance
cuz I can barely do regular pool whoops
um strict pull-ups as it is and moving
it wider makes it that much more
difficult but it's a great back workout
and from pulling conventional I noticed
that my upper back rounds a lot so that
just tells me that I need to strengthen
my back all together so I hope you guys
enjoyed this video I will keep you guys
updated with my fitness progress again I
never know what the I'm talking
about I'm just walking you guys through
my fitness progress until next time
y'all have a great day
peace today is upper body work day as I
prep for my meet this March and this is
actually one of my most loaded exercises
just because I'm so weak
