hey what's up beautiful people
hi so in every relationship it has its
ups and it's down and for the most part
the majority of y'all would like it to
have more ups you guys want to be very
harmonious you guys want to be loved you
guys want to be like oh and other people
oh I love it love you but the reality of
it is it's not like that you guys not
going to fight you in the ball turn
create each other and I know in our case
we love each other so much that it's so
easy for us to hit each other very fast
so I want to share with you guys what we
do or what I do when after a fight what
my process is of mending our our
relationship back up oh really yeah
so we've already talked about what we do
when we fight he likes to talk to you
mmediately and he likes to resolve
everything but me I can't
I'm Way too emotional I need to like
sort the thoughts out in my head
separate the emotion and just like make
sure that I come at the conversation
very intellectually and have no emotion
involved also I'm gonna be a total
fuckin bitch um so I like to wait and
that causes a lot of conflict already
but we've been together for five years
going on six I know that's crazy so
we've been on we're going on six years
and we've kind of I've kind of found a
way where I can like mend up our our
relationships after a fight Wow so
there's two different scenarios that I'm
going to like touch on and this is this
usually happens with us like so I break
it up into two the first one is if I
know that I am a hundred percent at
fault then I will um gauge how how
pissed he is at me by being being like
very cute so I'll start with like oh I'm
sorry I'm sorry and then you'll be like
yeah yeah yeah I'm like okay wow he's
really he's really pissed he's really
pissed
but Oh Papa I'm so sorry I'm so sorry
that it did then and pissed you off and
then immediately he likes to hear I
sorry he's like a big ass baby but what
this mofo likes to do he likes to milk
the shit out of the situation and as
soon as I say sorry in it and I tried
this out already like I've tried out my
theories at least seven times and every
single time he's your favorite number
you liar no it's not yes every time I
call you a man pop-art we're seven
minutes while seven minutes slight side
note seven minutes is like the perfect
amount of time to tell anyone if you're
ever running late it's like it's not
long enough for it to be ten minutes
nine like oh fuck ten minutes think but
it's not too short where you can't meet
that time so I always say I'm seven
minutes go side note seven if anyone
says seven minutes dude it's bullshit
but eight for the most part it's work
okay no one ever calls me out on it only
you and tip are the only ones that know
that on now you guys but anyway
so I've tried my theory out seven times
three is my lucky number stop it seven
times and every single time he's never
failed it so as soon as I say sorry
right I'm like Papa he's like yeah he's
like all sad like I'm very sorry I'm so
sorry and he'll be like immediately he's
like I got this bitch in the bag
watch all my due to this home and make
her pay and then he goes but why did you
have to do that bit and in all of a
sudden he just explodes on me I'm like
what the fuck you were calm right now
where did you like all of a sudden get
all butthurt all over again how did that
happen how does that happen because I
didn't get it out yet so probably like
whatever got me pissed I'm probably so
fucking pissed but I was in a place
where I could have let it all out or let
you know or really explain my feelings I
got pissed I was like fuck
I'm just stuck in the fucking corner and
then when you go opera I'm sorry the
whiner fuck did you do that a lot of the
times what you say sorry for it's
already something I told you not to do
so you'll be like so for example even
even just today right like this we're
always go back to fitness we always
wanna keep alright we're working out I
always tell her warm up first
even if you think is like warm up first
get the form down right just no don't be
a week no don't they no no way what she
doesn't know that is too light I'm not
gonna feel anything I'm just gonna go I
don't say no I purposely do not say no I
say I don't want to and I give you an
exhibition I say I don't want to try
that because when I do I don't feel shit
so I want to do like do a middle you
want me to fucking go or not I just
don't want you to like it I never liked
your voice just got mono never like guys
do not deserve to be like know by this
gentleman no so I'll be like okay please
want mine but yeah I do read you a
little bit yeah so she goes straight for
50% of her max right I look at her from
the side of my eye and I'm like okay
she's fucking it all up she's gonna hurt
herself and I have to go back to her
again which I'm already kind of pissed
because I'm like you always drag me into
coaching you but you never fucking
listen to me so I'm like hey babe please
it really looks fucked up right now it
looks like gonna get her just do me a
favor
drop the way down by another like 50 to
70 percent and start from there yeah I
get good fit just fucking do it just
please just do it if you really don't
feel like just go back to the way you're
doing like then it's a dick sorry
this sorry yeah it is so and then I'm
like fine and then Gillette Bret I'm
gonna do with you but me to do now and
I'm like yeah but why do I have to put
up a fucking fight so finally she goes
and does it right and I'm like did that
feel way better or what but maybe your
bed maybe and I'm like oh my god okay
then and then I walk away when you're so
mad at me how much the reason
mad at you because you have to always
put up a fight instead of fucking just
doing what I told you in the first place
girls always suck and do that tell me
white drunk tell me why you go what do
you want a babe and you go what do you
want to eat and you go
uh what about McDonough huh even yeah I
don't wanna be generous I did read
McDaniel then you go what do you want I
don't know what I'm like it don't want
me tango and you fucker are you you are
getting at 30 minutes you know you are
you for 30 minutes and then and then
finally fauna and then finally should I
fell okay big guy though and then and
then you're like oh why do we have to go
to this 30 minute fight just to end up
back at fucking Ground Zero and then and
then give a flipper we're getting
McDaniel you dare you run the girl
that's got the fucking point the fucking
point is I presented McDonald's all you
have to do go is say okay I want
McDonald but instead I give them
together and have to go and it's fucking
bastards but they finally get some
McDonald's with gas line fucking piss
and that's why when you go when you come
at me in your life tells me I make a
Giga anymore then I'm like fuck no
wonder if I get fucking pissed
that is so fucking wrong that's so
one-sided and that's not even there you
know oh you always have to put up a lot
you always have to put up a fight before
you finally agree with check it out you
little freaking homo sapien so this is
why you fucking you are son of a bitch
that's so funny that's exactly it snot
so what happens is okay let's move back
in working out scenario right we're
talking about the contest contest so get
up in like shit evidence of you anyway
sell stuff about going back to when
you're training me all you can do is
just talk about your shit right so
because you don't present it the way you
present it to other people that aren't
even as close to you as I am
let's talk about McDonald's example this
hold on and you needed to treat me with
respect
but you don't whatever you fuckin Barket
need so that already turns me on if I'm
like you're treating me like a piece of
shit whatever I'll just figure it out
then but then of course you have to
interrupt me in the middle of my fucking
set shit is fucked up as it looks
because no one else is trying to take
care of me so then you walk up to me
interrupt me yet did you knew your funda
tooth will do it great and then I'm like
what the hell fucking are you to coach
me or not no you asked me I'm working on
ego no you want it over you please
people shit in the forum you guys
already know I'm not I'm not like that
yeah I talk like this
according to you know it's different
ways you talk anyway you want something
it goes pumpkin cheesecake in the phone
keep please I go okay okay I'm looking
at your form and I'm like that shit
fucked up you should warm up the waiter
what man good way to do it
you picked the chain and the winning app
smiling a motherfucker spot me bitch no
way I don't even talk to him because I
need to get in the zone so I'm always
listening to music so that's already so
wrong I never talk you always coming to
look at your fault I do is this that's
all I do and you say because I have
headphones in my ear so proof you're a
fucking liar you're such a liar anyway
so now moving on to the McDonald's
example there's so many times we're both
of us do that so that's how we came up
with the route what what is guy you can
juice it both of us and you couldn't
have spread us even further apart
because they're like both of us like a
cute fucking couple but you're fucking
like both of us fucking fucking both of
us
I never saw any person represent the
fucking couples as Big Dipper fingers
gonna done this if we impose the fuck
