okay why didn't realize I'm going this
far but this is this is how I feel about
you and uh I don't know that that's like
what you off my oh that's to whatever so
don't touch my chair this uh wall anyway
so so both of us do it all the time so
that's how we came up with that rule
fine whoever throws out the restaurant
choice first if the other one says no
then the other one has to come up with
something to eat shut up you already
know you never abide by that shit I do
you never do there's so many times
screw you there's so many times where I
say hey babe do you want to eat this and
then he'll say I'm down to eat anything
and then I give a specific one that I
want to he like anything but bad that's
really that's hot I never do that do
that ultimately Emma's doing anything
bullshit and then you're like I want to
eat something up I went oh man I don't
even know what oh it means fucking pizza
or burgers but yeah like I can stay you
know what I'm talking about any time you
know it's like that doing you pick a
monkey man I was like a laughs girl
freaking threw up a lap right now
freaking crazy okay anyway but you do
that shit to me you fucking torture this
shit on me
so I'm like fucking forget it now it's
gotten to the point especially because
I'm bulky right now it got it got to the
point when like you know what fuck it
let's just eat whatever the fuck you
want to eat I don't want to hear you
freaking cool crying why all the time I
don't know what not what and then what
so how do you how do you make it out to
me that's the difference that's what
happened anyway fucking I don't know
what you had to bring up all these
lame-ass examples that I need to defend
myself over because you're such a
fucking lying you don't need to defend
yourself I do needed if I'm not learning
to you why I get mad
after you come back mean you like babe
I'm sorry because of all these other
things that built up to it that you
don't see you just when you go I did
them again no you don't see that all of
that adds to it I'm like motherfucker
okay you know what I know exactly what's
gonna happen we're gonna fuck I'm
talking another and after 30 minutes
she's finally good thing that has me Dan
nude and then I'm like fuck why don't we
talk me down the first plate and then
they're gonna be like she's probably
some mega me now already knew that
that's why I get extra men your face is
so inviting for me it wanted to be the
shit out of it go ahead become monkey
shit anyway so yes that's not cool okay
you fucking milker and I'm sure that's
not what happens all the time next time
next time this happens fine fine
maybe I didn't I didn't conclude my
experiment the right way I needed to I
didn't go like yeah shall we get a seven
times okay fine
should then at least 25 okay fine 25
times oh that's cute it's their
anniversary anyway yeah it's okay bro
you're still gay damn we all have a say
in you're seven years old never slipped
okay so gay hurry up anyway I'm happy
yes that's true anyway so yeah you
freakin milk it and I'm gonna call you
out on it the next time that you do that
shit cuz it's fucking annoying
okay let's fucking good anyway so that's
the first time so the first scenario
that's what I do he fucking milks it I
say I'm sorry he milks it again and then
he like yells at me and I I just said
him vent and do whatever the hell you
fuckin his little tantrum dance and shit
and like all right whatever fine but the
second one is when he gets fucking crazy
like he gets just angry and he like
hates the world and he's like
hey like all these demons are coming out
of his butthole in his ear hole and his
nose hole in his mouth hole so I'm like
all right I told you you need to be
really sweet with me and if you don't
that get really mad how can I be sweet
with you and you have this face you
gotta find him figure out a way anyway
so that is the way so then I'm like oh
shit he's really pissed but I don't feel
like I'm at 100% fault when that happens
I'm like yo he needs to freaking like it
he took part in this whole fucking
forget whatever just happened and he
needs to own up to it too so but we're
just gonna meet in the middle I can't
talk to him right now because I just
want to beat his ass I didn't want to
talk to me because they give me one to
be my ass on a separate your head from
your body
I mean all your core just don't
connected I just want to separate it
just so there's a gap but the skeleton
is still there you just see it just pull
it up kind of like a tripod unit you
extend it you still see the spine I'm
not gonna attach any cord you so weak
I'm not gonna unplug you so violent and
so weird anyway so then I'm just like
fucking I gotta be the bigger man here
let me see how pissed this guy is so
then I was like I'll use our dogs as
like just evil I'll use our dogs to see
how angry he is and I'll take a picture
of Tyson cuz I see likes to sit like
this now I'll take a picture of Tyson
and then I'll all right like if Tyson
was texana and I'd be like hey Dad whose
head sit now and then depending on his
reply then I'll hop castilla so if you
replies that's CUNY luxury replies who
is that guy or if he just replies at all
then I'm like all right he's not that
pissed I can walk over there and give
him a hug you two kiss and then we're
happy again but if he doesn't reply or a
few rights like that's some stupid shit
and I'm like oh no it ain't happening
yet like we're not we're not there yet
that's what I do
yeah if you say about that man caging no
wow because hello I see that you see
that that had it tons of times
wow the times when you re although could
have been prevented
yeah but I can't do it within the first
10 minutes of an argument because I
don't even want to look at your face
no but what I'm saying is all this stuff
because everything we argue about it's
it's always his fault
no everything we argue about we've
argued about it before so what we need
to do is learn from the previous
mistakes and not do that again so you
sort of like you've done oh no I give up
every time I let this fool you cuz you
don't even follow his own advice we're
talking about food if we're talking
about food then after I say whatever and
you know you're gonna end up at whatever
then just go with it check it out so
what I'm gonna do to show all of you
guys once we have that food conversation
I'm gonna bust out my phone and then
record what he says and then I'm gonna
put it on YouTube and then all the
viewers are gonna see what a freaking
liar he is I thought this video supposed
to be about how it is everything up - no
it's no it's what I do to apologize and
then make everything harmonious again
well how do you know it's harmonious I
don't know
well those are those are the two things
that I do those are the two main things
that I go but I also told you the
straight fastest way to resolve it
everything there's no such thing with
you it's the five point of success the
funny freaking blows up so I told her I
thought she knows the key she knows the
key to song I'll fight you feel about
you know I know the key to the ticket to
solving the freaking any type of world
conflict world peace does this thing
okay all of you girls and guys out there
oh my god
by the points of success that nobody
knows about if you do the five points of
success I'll bet you any fight to keep
be squashed but you just have to be
brave enough to do it so I'm calling
upon the courageous motherfuckers out
there that wanna squash any type of
conflict and you have to put your pride
aside you have to put your pride aside
you gotta put your pride aside and then
do the fun once you're somewhat the five
points of successes no hole
when you have five things on things will
not be resolved but I'm gonna just show
you but not with my mouth no you have to
show we have to show how was it
these are no no you have to show them
how it's done so these guys out there
they can resolve stuff I don't want to
see any more couples breaking up over
stupid shit or like or the boys on this
type of fight to have cuz when it's the
big fights you're gonna fucking fight me
no just show them show them this is the
five points of success all right so you
start with one then two three four and
then the fifth one sucks the most
v one v one is the most important cuz
that's the one that seals the deal once
you kiss another one he says is still
the deal really
and the way you seal the deal is this
way so whatever transaction we make
whether we're fighting or we're
switching something or we need to come
to an agreement of some sort we have to
seal the deal this is what you seal the
kill but that means about the video it's
the same thing if you're making a deal
with someone after you sign the contract
you still have to seal the deal with the
guy so but what with relationship you
have to seal the deal you'll buy okay so
you're not mad at me I'm not mad anymore
don't seal the deal and then BOOM we
know it's done it's professionalism but
whatever but yeah that's that's kind of
how I go about resolving or moving into
the direction of resolving our conflicts
I have to gauge it and then I'll see
like okay now I can apologize though
this is what I'm gonna apologize and
then that's kind of like my strategy to
to to taking the the first step to
saying I'm sorry and it works and it's
really good and um you know like like we
said we've been together for six years
so it's it's not hard well I mean it's
become a lot harder for us to fight just
because we're just so blunt and so open
and so honest about each other that it's
really rare when we do bite but we do
have like these little bicker battles
once in a blue moon and when we do
that's that's just kind of how we go
about it so if you guys would like to
hear how Bart strategizes his apologies
to me go ahead and visit his channel for
all the nonsense he's about to share
which is all a lie I already feel it
I already feel it until next time you do
it you feel it if you guys haven't been
noticing which I know a majority of you
guys have I've been putting on a little
bit more weight specifically I think I
put on about 20 pounds have you yeah
you're gorgeous
