hey what's up beautiful people
if you guys haven't been noticing which
I know a majority of you guys have I've
been putting on a little bit more weight
specifically I think I put out of those
twin pans have you yeah pinguin your
anyway so yes I've gained a little
weight and that's for my fitness folks
you guys already know what I'm doing on
bulking and I'm bulking because I will
be competing in my very first partisan
competition at the end of this month
we'll show some support in the comments
go support ideas yeah yeah yeah so um so
that's why you guys see that I'm like a
little bit fatter but with actually not
in the face though you know your face
like when I in my cheeks are just I look
like I have a bunch of we do another how
do I figure your face is slimmer than
before but it's the BeerBelly thank you
but anyway yes I've been bulking so that
I can get a lot stronger and I never
really even believe in it because I was
like super ignorant when it came to
Fitness but now that I'm like full of
carbs and like I'm just eating a lot
more I feel a lot thicker my muscles
feel thicker um I've been just like my
weights been increasing oh wow oh yeah
right now I mean my weight is in the gym
weights like whatever I've been pushing
whatever weight I want to keep it a
secret
I'm ready from dirty projects I think
I've come a long way like in this year
that I've been training but it's not
it's not about where your numbers are
now it's about I take it in small term
goals so I have small term goals and I'm
like okay I wanna hit this number this
number in this number and then I have my
long term so if I know I don't hit these
numbers at this point in time then I'm
not cool that's fine because I have my
long term goals that I know that I want
to hit that so these are the steps that
I need to do and these are things I need
to change and tweak to get there so I
bring all that up because I haven't been
doing this alone I've
had a great support system I've been
working on a dope-ass gym obviously a
barbell bar a gym where it's like super
family super beastly people out there
that constantly motivate me and inspire
me
but the main thing or the main person
that I can attribute all this on all
these gains too is my wonderful
beautiful boyfriend here stud muffin
that's been coaching me for about a
solid a year now I would say yeah yeah
would you say like about a year that
you've been coaching it's been cool
because you know we get to work together
we live together we do everything
together and now we get to share our
passion of powerlifting together but
what kind of sucks
what not just before you say what sucks
I just want to share something that I
was really thoroughly impressed with a
year ago she could probably she just
started squatting and I think she hit
like 135 like three times and now the
other day she hit 205 210 210 three
times oh yeah
205 three times yeah so that's it's
quite amazing it's okay so I mean if you
guys know how to tap I mean type the the
hands that are clapping like on an
iPhone in the comments I'd be awesome
it's okay it's okay but um yeah I mean I
didn't know myself I did it with you but
the only thing that happens when's your
can you stop it the only thing that
happens though being coached by you is
that I kind of fucking hate it why cuz
so Bart's a very violent person if you
guys haven't had a chance to check out
his fitness videos please go ahead and
visit any random video that you like and
they will hear how fun that his thoughts
get but he is motivated by a violence
like he likes to think these crazy ass
scenarios of his mom hanging off the
cliff or his mom like just got raped and
he gets to confront the person that
raped his mom and right as he's gonna
death like I don't know five hundred and
something pounds he thinks of this thing
in his
you say hmm and he's like Brooke so
because he has like this fucking beastly
mentality in his head he thinks
everybody thinks this way and they don't
and I don't I think about flowers candy
canes and and I I don't function like
that so what happens is he wants me to
tap into the zone to like get focused
and just to pay attention and I'm just
like I'm trying to get under the bar
like just in my own head on video qiji
oh don't don't you know just focus on
your breathing just remember your
posture and then I hear him barking at
me like that was like oh my god this is
so funny cuz I can't I can't get there
work he's had can you tell me how you
would want me to communicate with you
when you're lifting then like what what
it's gonna help pump you up or what have
your previous coaches said in other
sports that got you into the result for
that one great curious I don't know they
just say like you got this shit like
don't make any muscle mistakes you got
it like that's it I've never heard it me
I've never heard anyone like I don't
know if it's just me or fishes majority
of the females out there or for certain
types of people but me specifically I
don't I don't work that way if anything
like the only thing that really pumps me
up is just when I get into my own head
in my own zone and
I'd literally screaming my head and that
looks pretty cool areas because I'm just
like and that's like my screen everyone
does that does oh so you you want me to
go like you got it one more rep you've
got no squeeze those well I mean no you
can say because there's tons rehab you
got this and I'm like okay cool yeah I
got this like if that helps me but
quitting you're like you go into detail
as to what you want me to do with the
weight and fucking you're like fucking
smash that shit fucking go in the ground
fucking push that should break your old
back like that type of stuff I'm just
like oh okay well that's kind of funny
it just it just comes off really funny
um so that's one of the things that I
don't want and it's actually a very
minor thing it's not something that
really affects me that much I just find
you funny what well I'm sorry that you
know like I I guess I failed to realize
that a lot of different people that live
or anything anything in life people are
motivated by different reasons I like to
motivate by money's gonna be motive by
something else I'm feel more of a
passion and I think it's my fault that
since I'm so motivated by violence that
you should be able to tap into that too
and it's just because I've been lifting
since it is kind of violent you want to
rip the the weight off the floor
whatever I just assume so so like I'm
I'm sorry that I'm trying to make it
going through a place that you that you
don't do to motivate you like I said
it's pretty minor but it's still
something that it that I'm not used to
and that you might take offense when you
see me laughing because in your head I
get it like you're pumped for me because
you put yourself in my situation you're
like all right I know Gio's got this
we've been training the same so it's
whatever I go through I know that you go
through it too and again it's still very
minor but I just don't want you to get
the wrong idea that we need see me
laughing that I'm disrespecting you it's
just that I think part of me has
slightly intimidate because I'm like oh
we both like this is fucking crazy and
then the other side of me is like I
can't get in that zone so that's kind of
words like nervous laughter and then
funny
combined and then I don't want you to be
like what the fuck disrespectful asshole
over here fucking doesn't take my
training seriously so that's like severe
actually okay well no that's now you
know I know I'm sorry
so that's one of them but the thing that
gets me the most that I'm just like holy
shit you're fucking killing me right now
is the way you talk to me so when you're
for example I'm pretty sure you're aware
or no cero
he's trans with us all the time and
you've been coaching him for like he's a
random asian guy in my videos which was
like wait who's that asian guy Sarah
yeah so that's Sarah um so it's so funny
because when it comes to anyone else
Bart has this like he's super patient he
he speaks very calmly he's very
unhelpful very open to suggestion he's
very willing to give advice he'll spot
you he'll like you like move your hands
and he'll tweak things here and there
and I'm like yo that's cool but when it
comes to me oh my god different story
I'm like a piece of trash now it's just
like come on I already told you that so
what you don't want me to coach anymore
it's like so much attitude and I'm just
like holy crap how come I can't get the
same treatment that surrogates or that
other guys just start right now like why
do you have to be so hard on me you know
why do you Tiger dad yeah I think Tiger
dad is is eka it happens predominately
in Asian cultures I see in other
cultures as well yes when the mom comes
in and they're like Paul fast in my son
get a black belt or how fast in my son
be a level 10 in piano and they come in
and it's not about the enjoyment of
learning and the journey of it anymore
it's just how can my son come in and get
a PhD in this overnight and I think I'm
kind of guilty of that I'm really sorry
that I are you really sorry
I am I am that I push this on your where
like I I I just want you to be so bad as
and fulfill your potential that when I
come in I just want you to I want to say
one thing once you got it and you never
make that mistake again and by the time
I get over it you're like the strongest
woman in the entire universe but that's
that's not even possible cuz you can't
even do that you're so that's how you're
constantly tweak buttons what I'm doing
now is I'm tweaking all the little
things but I don't make anymore mistakes
I keep adding little things to get
better
cuz you were like oh my squats are shit
my squats are shit and you already know
that you shouldn't go past a certain
part of a parent law because you know
that's not efficient and when it comes
to moving weight is supposed to
especially the amount that you're
repeating it I was like yo you're just
wasting way too much energy and your
next step is gonna be significantly
weaker because you went lower than what
you needed to go and you knew that wow
you sound like you know a lot no no she
knows quite a bit about I just wanted to
make it that last ones like a lot of
confidence to me there's a lot of
confidence in there
