you know why do you tie your dad yeah
don't know what that is
I think Tiger dad is eka it happens
predominately in Asian cultures but I
see in other cultures as well it's when
the mom comes in and they're like how
fast in my son get a black bow or how
fast in my son be a level 10 in piano
and they come in and it's not about the
enjoyment of learning and the journey of
it anymore it's just talk to my son come
in and get a PhD in this overnight and I
think I've kind of guilty that I'm
really sorry that I are you really sorry
I am I push this on you where like I I I
just want you to be so bad as and
fulfill your potential that when I come
in I just want you to just want to say
one thing once you got it and you never
make that mistake again and by the time
a year is over it you're like the
strongest woman in the entire universe
but that's that's not even possible
because you can't even do that yourself
that's what you're constantly tweak
buttons here what are you doing now is
I'm tweaking all the little things but I
don't make any more mistakes I keep
adding little things to get better
oh my squats are shit my spots are shit
and you already know that you shouldn't
go past a certain part of a parallel
because you know that's not efficient
and when it comes to moving weight is
supposed to be especially the amount
that you were repeating it I was like yo
you're just wasting way too much energy
and your neck step is gonna be
significantly weaker because you went
lower than what you needed to go and you
knew that wow you sound like you know
what
I just wanted to nigga that Suns
like a lot of confidence to me there's a
lot of confidence in there so that just
goes to show you that you still can't
just do one thing and then here one time
and then just get it especially when it
comes to powerless but you know what I
was doing is I was messing with my
footing and you know that if I this is
really specific pilot picked up so a lot
guys it's like wow fuck about this but
tune out boring as when your feet come
narrower you can go deeper and the squat
and I was just messing around and then I
just ended up going a lot deeper than I
needed to for competition yeah so I mean
I could be doing the exact same thing
too like I I'm
the tweaking us though it's like you ask
me what am I doing wrong and I pointed
out to you and the next set you're
immediately doing the thing that I just
pointed out and not only do you not go
oh you know what I'm sorry I wasn't
paying attention or whatever you yell I
mean II go I fucking know I was doing
I'm not doing anything about tell me
what I'm doing wrong I'm I just go in
the quarter
thank you that's exactly what happened
okay well I'm sorry that you do that I
mean that's the biggest part I really
really got to me is there's a UH
a couple weeks back right she was
dancing and she knows that your your
intra abdominal muscles is your belt
that's your weight belt you get the
leather thing it's just it's just data
yeah that's just extra it's backed up
it's like your seat belt your intra
abdominal muscles
that's your weight belt so you gotta
take a deep breath make sure you flex
this before you flex anything else
before any limb while she was definitely
she actually let the air come out and
then boom she pulled her back and then
now she's hurt and then now she can a
lot of the times where she's dead and
she's hurting her back end when when
there is a big hurdle and your training
it actually hurts me a lot because I'm
like oh fuck
and I've been there before so I'm like
why did you have to make that mistake
where she knows this is one of the
priority number one rules that you never
break but you you still did it and not
like god damn it like that's what really
frustrates me is like the really big
rules that you shouldn't be breaking
well I mean but you also know that I
lack a lot of confidence and I get in my
own head a lot where it fucks me up and
nothing I'm constantly trying to work on
but I'm already thinking about a million
things and I'm like super nervous I have
like this heavy weight and I'm just like
fucking my breathing Craig he's my
backside are my legs right like I know I
shouldn't be this white I shouldn't be
this narrow and there's like so many
million different things going on that
it's like you kind of have to understand
that that's kind of where I'm at - and
you can't be like I said it once already
you should already gotten it I already
told you but it's like you have to keep
in mind I'm keeping with another
another million things in my head that
I'm like trying to remember that you
told me in the past but it's all didn't
rule go baby I don't want you to hurt
your back your really hurts me I and I'm
sorry and I really do appreciate the
fact that like you have so much
confidence in my ability that you're
just like no I know you got this shit
like I know you can be sitting I love
that because that's what fuels me but at
the same time you kind of make it where
it's not enjoyable anymore because of
the way you talked to me and then the
way you coach and it's just like holy
fuck this sucks because I thought this
was supposed to be fun I used to have
fun but now I'm just like hearing all of
you bark at me so I'm just like alright
well fuck well there went the fun well
how about the times that when you say
there goes the fun I'm okay I'm not
gonna coach today we'll just work out
separately what you stupid idiot that's
good I love you and I want to do
everything together and it's in it's
like I know that sounds fruity and like
we're not this fruity couple but we
actually are could we do everything
together I don't think like in these
five years that we've been together on
these there's ever been a time where
we've voluntarily wanted to do things by
ourselves like we literally are soul
mates so anything that he does like I do
it with him anything I do he does it
with me and we we have a lot of fun
doing it together because if you do it
apart we're just thinking about them the
other person we're like fuck this would
be so much better if the other person
was here so that's where that comes from
before training separately then I'm just
gonna see you over there I'm like shit
this is kind of weird well what's the
best way then how do you want me to
communicate with you where you don't
feel like I'm just barking at you and
and then expecting them them impossible
out of you what's the best way for me to
communicate well I think that can only
come from you I think only if you see
that it's wrong then I think you're the
only person that can come up with your
own solution how you think that might be
better for example with me I know that
the way I give off that I'm frustrated
or when you coach me I give you some
like bad attitude I can only fix that
about myself but I can tell you what to
do I can be like hey babe you know when
you just slap me in the face after you
and pick up the weights can you not do
that like I could tell you not to do
that like I know I could say next time
if you don't pick up the weight instead
of getting down on yourself let's talk
about what it felt like you couldn't do
that that's what I'm trying to get at
okay so just keep in mind then every
time that you're like fuck I already
told you this shit like what the fuck is
going on maybe you can just remember
okay I know this stupid bitch like
always gets in her own head she likes so
much fucking confidence she knows she
keeps telling herself that she can't do
it but like if you keep that in mind and
in you're like okay this this fucking
weirdo is super sensitive when it comes
to shit like this like it's a stupid
bitch better I like okay so what you you
know we just have I gave you your mom
look that's what she's got she gives you
this side look when she's like well you
know they do say that you date people
like your parents though oh dear Lord
anyway so um yeah like if you can just
keep that in mind and not just like like
the week all I'm asking for is the way
you talk to other people do you just
talk to me that way I'll try really hard
but other people also treat me
differently other people they listen to
me and they go oh you know what this guy
she knows what he's talking about for
you you're like your little peasant what
can you help me with today goal back
home to pick up dog shit maybe huh
maybe it's the way that you're
presenting it to me you're already
talking to me like a douche bag and I'm
like you should don't stink I'll try
very hard I'll try very hard and talk to
you a lot more polite and a lot more
courteous from now on Wow you know what
I think we made history a second time
what cuz we didn't just bicker about
each other we actually said that we
loved each other this time we always say
I always say I love you fine I bought
this time it was a week this their mom
Rhonda seem pleased you
it was nice we kind of came to like a
solution for the first time in history
you love me back yeah just the first
time and probably the last fine I'm
sorry but yes I'm happy we had this
conversation because now we kind of like
found the middle ground here but we can
both be happy and not be like and I
think that's also one of the beauties of
doing hobbies with your significant
other it's not only the fact that it's
fun doing another activity with your
significant other with but also you get
to work on different dynamics in the
relationship that you can apply directly
into the action yeah absolutely
I mean don't get it twisted I'm not
saying might be with your significant
other all the fucking time and not have
a life of your own of course
we you know we're advocates of that too
like live your own life follow your own
things but like in our case we are very
similar like I'm the guy version of him
he's the female version of me so it just
so happens that we do the exact same
stuff all the time because that's just
naturally how we are so yeah you guys
would like to hear Bart's perspective on
how much he loved coaching me go ahead
and check out his video let's turn it
this way because that's the truth until
next time y'all have a beautiful day Wow
a girl who is dating guy number one then
went to date got number two a bunch of
stuff happened in the middle she kept
bouncing back and forth between I'm a
guy number a bit of that
