good morning have you ever had a morning
where it was already a bad day or a
rough start well I'm already having one
of those so let me explain very briefly
um I was supposed to wake up at 4:30
a.m. just piss my schedule is that pack
that um I'd rather push everything up so
I can spend more time with spica so the
plan was wake up at 4:30 so that I can
get to the gym by 7:00 train till 9:30
have a meeting until 12:00 I have
another meeting from 1:00 till 3:00 come
home and be with my baby that was the
plan um didn't wake up today he kept I
think he's teething so he kept waking up
like every like two hours no joke every
two hours he was waking up and for some
parents that's your normal but for us at
least we're sleeping at least three four
five hour stretches so that was killer
cuz it's already out of our sleep
routine wake up it is now oh so then I
push my alarm back to 5:30 I'm like I'm
gonna go about 5:30 cool so I was
dreaming that I was being really mean to
me and I woke up I said you were being
very mean to me and he kissed me
and I was like a 10 second interaction
kiss me and then I felt better I went
back to sleep and then my alarm went off
at 5:30 so then I was like oh I'm gonna
get up right now
somehow I toes back up I had done the
back off I dozed off again and then I
woke up again and it was like 6:45 and
in my dream I woke up got ready was
going out the door and forgot something
and then that's when I woke up and I'm
like Bob I'm still here in bed so now
it's 7:30 7:30 8:00 and um I'm still
home so then I come down here right am i
cool ready to go train later on tonight
my whole sky just fucked up but then I
see everything is a mess and you guys
already know me if I don't clean the net
before the next day it just it's
something with my mind like it just
stresses me out already
so that started stressing me out and I
saw the dirty dishes dirty for the war
and then like Cup even though that's not
really really dirty I didn't throw that
away
I didn't even ship those back yet I
didn't even unpack from our shoot like
everything is just not like just assumed
but so many shoes it's not where it's
supposed to be it's not my ideal morning
so that already kind of threw me off
because I'm ready off schedule and then
I'm gonna get my meals but they're still
in the bag coz the night before I
usually take them out I organize them
nicely nicely and neatly and I just
didn't do that last night that's an
additional thing so I'm probably I'm
gonna take that you guys I'm drowning
here I'm drowning
and it's first of all problems I know it
is but I'm just like fuck it I hate to
share with you guys you guys need to see
I'm a highly unstable person all right
and clearly I'm being sarcastic here but
it's gonna snowball into something else
so I just hold my D changes I'm gonna
get some coffee in you and hopefully
things turn up and turn up I need to be
more like a dog not the bitch part but
where they're always very happy look at
them there's nothing there's nothing
slowing them down look at him very happy
very very happy need be more of a dog
gonna channel man or dog today not the
bitch part remember I said that all
right some home now baby take them on
like uh just being fed but grandma
and he's eating carrots and peas you
like it
whoa-oh-oh
that looks delicious
oh you're gonna spit it up we say hmm
hmm no I could you know you're neat oh
well since I have grandma here it's
gonna be awesome cuz I get to catch up
with mail I get to return all those
boxes I get to unpack all those clothes
from the photo shoot I told you and
today's been a weird day it's really
cold outside I have the heater on this
74 yes I know I'm a bit exaggerated but
I'm just a naturally cold person like
Bart's and naturally hot person I'm a
naturally whole person and it's awesome
that grandma bear also is a naturally
cool person because then we're whole two
cold bitches so then I get to turn on
the heater she didn't get mad at me for
calling it too cool bitches come on oh
she doesn't mind 15 year old Gio is
definitely jealous of this Gio
but yeah it's windy it doesn't look like
it's cold but you guys gotta remember
California is a desert so you know when
it's the desert not Tom gets really cold
so it's just it was really cool chill
wind but again I know the comments I'm
gonna be like but you know I'm negative
whatever and I've got another five yeah
I know
Los Angelenos we're bitches we're like
cold pussy so I get it you win but I
don't live where you live I live here
and for us right now it is cold it's not
freezing
that's definitely chilly so yeah but um
so you guys know about how my day's been
going
so I woke up and I bugged with you guys
in the morning
remember that I was like a minute ago
and it was super early in the morning
and I was already having a bad day and
that kind of continued so I was just
like I can't blog any of this I just
can't wait to go home into my little
cave and relax and that's exactly what I
did I haven't even eaten lunch yet I was
just like meeting after meeting after
meeting after meeting and then I'm just
like last meeting I'm going home that's
exactly what I did and I'm home now and
it's like the best ever so it's well
this is an hour ahead but it's actually
four and I think I'm about to have my
first meal right now alright I don't
know I just feel so out of it doesn't
ever happen to you guys you guys just
feel oh my
hopefully I could shake it off some
things change because y'all are probably
like oh yo you're dead so ordinary and
boring and I would agree I would agree
with you guys 100% you guys doing all
right so first task completed and I know
it looks like the same thing but trust
me when I say it's not so
I already took off the shipping labels
and then I put on the return labels that
it came with because these are all like
pop there's clothes that he bought but
he didn't like um so we have this really
cool service in the u.s. I don't know
where you guys are from but in the US
where um we can schedule a pickup from
our post office and that's exactly what
he did so I packaged it sealed it up
everything's ready to rock and roll and
then tomorrow the only thing I do is
leave the packages out in the front door
and then they pick it up and they'd send
me an email saying hey we picked it up
and that's it I never have to go to the
post office so it's such a really cool
service sober because if in the US and
you want to use US Postal Service it's a
free service and I use it all the time
and I just recommend you guys to use it
and what are you eating using a tissue
and take a crowd to mama who wide open
little fucks go good boy come on take
this in the beginning my little fucks
come on bring it in bring it in Fekkai
come on bring it in come on big guy yeah
you doing a great job
oh your arm did your arm bring them move
it awhile move your arm that I'm don't
forget your arm I can't help you you can
learn come on
this one move this up move it come on
move your arm you got it don't forget
that one there you go good boy yeah
there you go
ah good job tiger good job you're doing
a good job
whoa good job so proud of you good boy
well cipher being so annoying but you
really just have to encourage yes yeah
you get it and he's very receptive to
high-pitch happy cheerful tones look at
that he's crawling you're closer to mama
you close good it's similar to dogs I
think I'm so proud of you
you're killing it baby yeah Wow look at
how close he's getting I'm so proud of
you you're so good it's okay take your
time take your time okay oh my god you
got like your own hair on your hand look
at this guy what is dud muffin good boy
yes good boy don't look at me I knew you
were trying to play my yeah at my hand
in your mouth good boy oh I'm so proud
of you look at how far is gone slow and
steady my little turtle whoa whoa oh
you're so close did a good job you
should be proud of yourself okay okay
okay okay okay okay
so Papa Bear is back and Papa Bear lost
the bet so now I'm mama bear gets a
30-minute massage what happened I never
literally bet on Oh what are we bet on
it was on an actress oh yeah
the mom from mrs. Doubtfire I thought
she was
the best friend from married with
children Peggy's best friend the one I
used to come over all the time and I
keep telling him no it's not he's like
trust me I know faces I'm like but
you're wrong on this one he's like watch
music you want to bet I'm like yes what
are we betting he goes thirty minute
massage I'm like oh shit this is like
taking candy from a baby but I dude
recognize faces because I recognize that
the bad guy from die hard is also Snape
Professor Snape from Harry Potter but
you were having a one-sided argument
because I never said you didn't know how
to do that I know but I gotta back
myself up I don't get enough backup
during the day well this is what happens
I win
does it feel good oh yeah oh yeah all
right guys this is brick I want to say
thank you so much for watching today
and and I hope you had fun watching
today because my mom didn't have a good
day but now she has a good day and I
hope everyone has a good day
oh what's that oh that's a butt oh wait
was that oh but anyway kiowa good thank
you so much for watching I'll see you
guys next time
okay bye
