all right so I'm at the gym and I'm
super excited because the camera that I
am vlogging in I don't know if I got
stuck on yeah the camera that I'm
vlogging on not again is brand-new it
success in camera but or Jack's a model
but it's new and you're not gonna hear
that buzzing and it's not a pop-up
randomly like the flash thing popped up
randomly um but I'm at the gym now we're
gonna do like a little photo shoot for
me and I know I don't look photo shoot
ready but I'm supposed to be training so
I look semi done up I guess I got the
makeup on but look at this dude or II
always has the craziest flavors not
cookie butter not that good try it leave
it in the comments let me know what you
guys thought about it I thought it was
whatever and then they have chocolate
peanut butter cheerios what what these
people don't hi easier and then there's
Trader Joe's pumpkin jojo's these were
all right too and then here I'm drinking
a dirty chai latte and I'm trying to
wake up because I'm exhausted but really
cool news is I'm a big North Face fan
not sponsored I swear it if it was
sponsored I'd be like pissing myself
that'd be so happy but I thought this
gym bag and it's the coolest thing ever
so it says my face on this side you
could kind of see it's like a it's like
a barrel bag it's a duffle bag but it
says North Face and then it has like
gold rose gold zippers but the inside
look at this it's glitter and pink and I
love anything writter with pink and that
combo just kills me even like the zipper
here
it's like interlaced or woven looks like
rose gold as well no it's really really
cool it has more space here all the
inside lining is plastic so it's easy to
wash it's pretty huge a bunch of pockets
but you're supposed to wear this as a
backpack but I really don't wear it as a
backpack I just put the straps maybe is
there a way to fix the straps because I
kind of don't like that Oh guess not I'm
screwed I have to use it that way
and then an insert here so when you
travel you could put your information or
whatever but I think I just love this
the moss yeah my new gym bag so I could
start training again I have my belt in
here which doesn't fit me because ever
since I got pregnant my waist expanded
oh here it is and this is why this is my
belt for those of you that don't know
you wear a belt just to give you more
more stability and just have your back
tighter but this is how big it was
probably the size of my hand this is my
waist
this was my waist so I'm trying to this
is my goal to get back to this which was
my regular but right now I'm this is my
waist my current waist I tried it on
that couldn't close it but this is where
I'm currently at so that's not much
bigger but it's still significantly
bigger but I want to get back to hey
that's what it used to be but anyway
yeah I needed a bigger bag cuz I I carry
my belt with me again cuz I'm gonna
start training seriously and then I got
some new shoes I got the nike mech
phones which is like their it's like
Nikes version of like a cross trainer
shoe I guess like you could do CrossFit
you could do you know hit training you
could do a whole bunch of shit so this
is like a like a crazy workout shoot if
you will but it comes with glitter and
this was cool as this side is like a
blue but then this side is like a pig in
purple and yellow and it's really really
cool
look at that they're really dope because
I can run in these if I wanted to like
climb rope you know across with the
stall I could I don't do CrossFit I can
do powerlifting I did say duty but I am
doing a lot of sprints and I'm doing a
lot of cardio so I needed a shoe that
was more versatile and this was it so I
I got this and I'm excited to start
training in them but yeah I'm just in
here
I don't know why I'm reading but I
should be out there training so it's got
that
all right just finish our workout Papa
bear's downing that protein because he
doesn't get enough protein in the day I
know why don't you get enough protein
but how low my calories all right now
it's really tough just because anything
that's protein usually has value all
right
I need something that's like super low
yesthey is I think like three grams of
fat 30 grams of protein yeah and so it's
just easier down this instead of keeping
accomplished you can press we're talking
yeah you wanna hear something kind of
stupid about me not really okay so those
containers like these right here yeah
they freak me the fuck out because so
it's processed stuff that's in there
right and they tell you to shake it well
yeah and you shake it but because I
can't see what's in there and it's a
thicker liquid it freaks me the fuck out
that one of these like every time I
drink it my tongue is constantly like
moving through the liquid because I'm
afraid I'm gonna feel something there
like a clump that's like a worm or like
a bug or something that's not supposed
to be in there you're the exact opposite
of me because for me if there's
something that I'm exposed to be
expecting I move my tongue to the side
so that the worm can go down smoothly I
don't taste the worm I think I'm just
searching for it like even when you say
I'm gonna fart you start smelling I do
I immediately plug my nose oh yeah I
know I'm stupid I like I loved like to
fucking torture myself so you're the
white girl in the scary movie yeah
there's like a scary there's a bad guy
where yeah I go what's the emic in a
dark house and I hear a sound upstairs
on the sprinklers you start running
through the lawn and then your white
shirt gets all clear wow that's a porno
baby no that's a white room every single
scary movie there's like there's
something outside and all the minorities
go hide in the basement or call the cops
and then the white girl goes into a wife
be minorities do not call the cops we
know they never show up true it's not a
sprinkler this your brothers in slow
motion and then fucking
that's a Purdue deer pervert pervert let
me just finish what I was going to learn
I know these things you're a pervert
just admit it you're a pervert alright
so we are gonna go back home pick up my
momma and we're gonna get our nails done
because this is not cute any points do I
get if I hit this guy no don't hit old
man Oh
only young man he low-key reminded me of
my dad a little bit made me kind of sad
and then you said that so I was just
like what the heck soon as you talk to
my teacher I know and I was like oh and
even add a mustache like my dad okay
anyway my go get my mom so we can get
pampered all right back home and look at
this I got yellow this time doesn't look
as it looks yellow obviously but it's a
different yellow in person but you you
get the gist of it so I got home and
Papa bear's working look at that cuny
Papa Bear and his underwear like always
he but he's presentable this time cuz
he's wearing a tank top
look you need Piper he's in his CUNY
straitjacket aka swaddle did he knocked
out I can't swallow him like this I feel
so bad for him I feel like she likes to
move his arms but his arms are also what
wakes him up so for those of you that
don't have any kids or aren't experience
with newborns they can't control their
limbs right so they're their limbs just
happen to be like independent from them
theirs
so they look at you but then their arms
are like doing this thinker they're
trying to get acquainted with older so
same thing happens when you're gonna
sleep so with Piper for example she's
sleeping and what happens is I could
still move within his arms but he'll
hear our noise and he'll get startled
and he jumps then his arms go this and
then this jolt to thing wakes them up so
that's why you're supposed to swaddle
them but I don't like it in the daytime
at least because I don't know I want him
to get acquainted and understand his
body more so I'd like you to move freely
so when I see you in a swaddle I was go
baby but Papa Bear cracked the code and
put him in a swaddle in the daytime and
he's knocked out like you know peaceful
as can be that's so cute my good boy you
can see where his arm is like right
there so cute he still holds himself
cuny Bowie oh and I almost forgot
huge shout out to Anthony of Bella nails
he's like a huge fan and there's always
being so sweet so much to me and the
moment when I go up there with my mom so
yeah I shot it I'm not right there so
check them out if you're in the 6 to 6
Monterey Park area they do a really good
job with nothing have so many cool
colors so what's up Bethany thank you
alright so we're gonna go on a little
family walk and it's a little bit chilly
now at night at least so we got mr. cool
dude over here look at that cool dude
and we would even it stroller we put
little socks on it and I'm gonna put a
blanket so that he doesn't feel any sort
of cold you vote jellybeans eyes
cutie pie and then these guys are gonna
go for a walk - okay I don't know you
don't really get cold so oh they don't
give a shit though yes they've put me
through these pets
yes okay here we go alright so here we
are going for a stroll and pop arrow is
with the dogs over there I was about to
come Tyson but meatloaf ended up pooping
so luckily we got ourselves a doggie bag
dispenser and please for all of you guys
that own dogs please pick up after your
dogs it's so fucked up and people just
let their dogs poop and they don't pick
my bathroom right take the right baby
you're enjoying this aren't you baby you
cutie patootie
with a little hoodie a little neon
hoodie big bozo face oh oh the lights
come in the lights come in and there's
Tigers face there it is good boy and the
poop master you I'm gonna pick it up
CUNY family CUNY family with jelly bean
eyes guy this zipper is freaking me out
I don't want it to hurt you try to move
it away from your face
you're drooling like you're about to
start teething but you're not even two
months yet trip out
in fact Michael will do this out your
award doesn't even match I'm sorry my
son no this is for six months he's not
even two months old yet he's a big baby
all right
wait sleeping so mom and dad watch oh
yeah
season two baby season two there it is
excited you can put him down who is so
fuzzy use condoms kids please
beeping which means that it's time
