hey what's up beautiful people
start receive this message and it's
pretty much talking about a girl who is
dating guy number one then went to date
guy number two a bunch of stuff happened
in the middle she kept bouncing back and
forth between um a guy number a bit of
that from number bourbon guy number one
and number two and she ended up staying
with guy number two now guy number two
which was him first number one that's
number one right guy so she left number
one number one is completely out of this
picture now her and she's been dating
number two for about like a year and
number two now is a little bit hurt by
her bouncing back and forth between both
of them that he know there's been some
bouncing back and foot in the past in
the past yeah so
and she's guy number two is mad at her
for having bounced back to God number
one yes she dated guy number one and
then she dumped my gut night what is
wrong with me so she dumped a guy number
one and then she went to guy number two
while being with guy number two guy
number one came in said hey you know
what
I watched bat girl and then she's like
okay if she went back to that number one
Wow number two hanging out to drive like
what as simple as that like she was just
like you want me back I'm gonna be back
well I think what happened was the way
she explained it is with the number one
she had like more of a connection they
were most they were both pretty similar
in like attitude and they had the same
outlook in life but he had a lot of
family issues and unfortunately he had
like drug abuse issues as well so she
was like you know why I don't need this
in my life right now
guy number two is a lot more stable so
I'm gonna go with him and I feel based
off of the description that she gave me
in a message that she made the right
choice at that time okay so now
fast-forward to the present day guy
number two is still upset with that and
he kind of has like this grudge against
her and he's like hey freakin a like you
know what you can't wear any makeup like
don't want you dressing this type of way
I don't want you hanging out with your
boyfriend so he became very controlling
because now I think she she kind of gave
him a reason to be more insecure than
what he already is I feel like her her
boyfriend now is like super insecure
about himself and because she bounced
around on him in the past he's using
that against her
what kind of seems like that the girl
kind of just used an abuse guy number
two because she was with him and I don't
know if she knows this but in the rules
of relationships you can't just bounce
off of someone and bounce back whenever
you want to first of all that's really
really nice of guy number two team uh
take again definitely
that's kudos to that dude but she kind
of fucked up bouncing back the guy
number one especially if she knew that
guy was a whole bag of problems like he
has a drug problems family problems and
that's why bunch other should that he
need to take care of I don't know that's
just a thing that girls do they feel
like they can change this guy and they
can make him better
and in some cases that is the kid but
you can't believe the guy dry like
hangin dry over there definitely I don't
know how she went about it if she was
like hey yo you know what deuces
but you know she did share that that she
did help guy number two lose his
virginity like they slept together so I
see that there's more of an attachment
she helped him she's like okay weird
like she they pretty much had sex
together so have sex apart hey I'm gonna
fuck myself in this room you fuck
yourself in this I'm gonna grab my
vaginal juices rubber sperm on the wall
anyway so she she while she was with guy
number two he lost his virginity to her
which makes things a little bit more
complicated I don't know if it works
like this for guys but I know when a
girl loses virginity to a dude she has
like this this crazy attachment to him
in the beginning I guess there's both
type of guys there's guys that are like
you know I can't wait to lose my
virginity i'ma fuck anything that lets
me and there's other girls that are kind
of sentimental too there's there's no
right or wrong I mean there's there's
just different gotcha
types of people okay and around the time
that he lost his virginity to her was
when guy number one came back into the
picture and she started talking to him
again oh not not like behind his back
not in that way but she was just like oh
wait you need my help
oh man fine sure I'll be your ear let's
meet up and we'll just talk and that's
what they did that's kind of dangerous
though because I don't know which type
of virginity dude this guy is but if
he's the sentimental type and he just
lost his virginity to this girl and this
was all like oh man just the love of my
life I gave her my cherry or whatever I
don't know maybe fuck yeah I don't know
strawberry or whatever and then and this
she's now talking with her ex yeah it's
kind of hard and exes it's kind of
sensitive especially it's the one right
before you right you're talking about
like hey you know it's a little bit
different yeah what at I'm not the one
right before you yeah and then you're
like hey I'm talking to the guy that
used to fuck me like two weeks ago yeah
that's it yeah that hurts sad that is
you know cuz you don't even know if she
cleaned all the sperm out of her vag net
I don't know what are you talking about
anyway there's like double sperms in
there okay anyway yeah I mean it's super
sensitive because you know the new guy
might be thinking like shit like am i
her rebound like is she's just using me
to get back at this dude like there's so
many things that this guy could already
started thinking but I don't think it
makes it right for it the new guy guy
number two to be putting her down like
that either
yes she had her mistakes and she did
bounce around back and forth but they've
been together for a year now and really
dude like I feel like he needs to get
over it if he can't get over it then
he's seriously he shouldn't be in a
relationship with her this is one of
those situations where I feel like the
girl not only puts herself in bad
situations she also attracts bad
situations to her because first of all
when she bounced around like that and
created a hot pot of sperm in her batch
that could not to say that she was
sleeping around with both stop it no no
I'm not she's doing at the same time but
I'm saying the sperm from the other guys
be quiet whispers doesn't matter well
sorry this is somewhat I know I know I
know but I mean shit if you're asking us
you're asking us nature shit fucking
private but you're asking us and so I'm
trying to help you and dissect it I'm
trying to be real with you and this is
how I would talk of my friends my
friends came at me and was I yell I was
fucking this dude but I fucked this dude
I came back and I fucked this dude again
I'm like fuck if you have a kid you
don't know who it belongs to
and it's fucked up cuz you have all this
look at different sperm in you and
that's jacked up that's that's number
one number one you're you're the one
causing actively proactively doing this
number two now that you're in the
situation with guy number two who has
you on lockdown you put yourself in this
attorney for you to not leave that's on
you that's not you know well I mean she
also addresses that she does have
self-esteem issues in like she's pretty
and secure herself because once she went
out of her way to say hey you know what
I don't hate Gio like I don't have big
boobs and I don't have you know a nice
ass and I do have this skin condition so
she says I already don't feel pretty
like I feel like any guy that I get with
I am super lucky for being with him
because he wants to be with me question
about that because if that's really how
you feel any guy that you're with you
feel lucky you should cherish the fuck
out of guy number two and I don't know
why you bounced off guy number two to go
to guy number one and jeopardize not
never being able to come back to guy to
guy number two regardless of why he took
you back he did you a huge favor well
okay so yeah maybe me I I completely
agree with that
but I feel like that is something that
she realized because she's been with guy
number two without talking to guy number
one now for a year like that is now in
the past and I think that she brought
those those details into the message to
say that hey this is what my current
boyfriend is holding against me
so I think for that whole year there
hasn't been any sort of interaction
between her and and guy
one so that's why I go back to saying
yeah okay so yeah you did put yourself
in the situation and you pretty much did
create this huge mess for yourself that
you have to clean up but I don't feel
that it's right that she gets treated
this way by guy number two yeah and if
she calls me that's a whole separate
issue but if you're in that position and
you don't want to be in it
you should bounce and I know you have
self-esteem issues and you're like you
know am i no dude wants to fuck me
whatever two dudes fucked you already
there are guys that are attracted to you
turned on by you so you don't really
have a problem you got two on the list I
mean maybe even have a guy number three
back dinner
I don't know right right right and we
don't know and when it comes down to it
like if guy number one is coming back at
you with family issues and drug issues
and like hey you need to help me there's
probably a lot more to you that you can
offer besides ass and titties
