and whatever skin conditioner you're
probably a really great listener great
person you make people feel really
really comfortable and those are some
attributes that are way more important
than having big ass T's or whatever plus
you're make them feel so comfortable
they won't fuck you you know so I feel
like that you shouldn't have self-esteem
issues and if you are in a situation
that it almost sounds revengeful because
the guy is like hey you know what I
accepted you so now that I've accepted
you I did you a favor of what you did
but because of that I'm gonna put you on
lockdown that is not fair for sure that
and that's where that's what we're at
right now
yeah I'm so happy that you brought up
the fact that there is a lot more to
offer than just ass and titties and the
skin condition because yes but I did
bring up a great point like you have
these great qualities and attributes
about yourself that you make people feel
comfortable and they feel that they can
open up to you so you have to look at
the good things that you have to offer
people instead of focusing on the
mundane surface type shit like ass and
titties that shit's gonna go you're
gonna get old homegirl and girls with
big asses and big titties I'm sorry to
those girls out there but gravity is
gonna gravity is gonna get you you're
gonna get worried though shits gonna
start sagging and at the end of the day
none of that shit's gonna drop these
gonna go mmm
pull that shit down and pull it down the
step pull okay yeah that's gonna matter
so again it is fucked up that homeboy
number two is doing that to you but you
need to value yourself more needed to
say hey you know what this sucks
oh and I also forgot to mention that
they live together that's why she's all
super lockdown super-duper lockdown and
i feel like you need to find a way where
both of you guys could kind of just get
away from each other cuz it sounds like
you're doing his life wrong and he's
doing your life wrong or like he's
making your life worse and you're making
his life worse because you can't trust
him with other people cuz you're saying
like hey what he hangs out with his
friends there's gonna be girls there
and you're already like what if he
leaves me for someone else like that's a
horrible way to live to constantly be
thinking about oh my god it seemed to be
talking to a girl close shit like shit
is he gonna text somebody and it's like
why invest so much time and brain power
in thinking all these crazy scenarios
that you don't even know happened yet
and the same with your boyfriend like
he's constantly checking your facebook
you said he's going into like your diary
and reading all that stuff and he's
going out of his way to check your phone
it's like way too much work to maintain
this relationship and I don't feel like
any relationship should be like that I
really feel like that what it sounds
like is both of them have extreme
insecurity issues so the girl is scared
that guy number two is gonna go out and
fuck around and then lose girl number
one guy number two is like hey you know
I'm gonna lock you in my house cuz I'm
screwed in Guam fucking bunch of other
people right it just seems like you two
are just scared of each other fucking a
bunch of people and I don't wanna jump
to conclusion because doesn't seem like
you guys done this yet but I think the
first step is maybe you guys should just
talk about it maybe you guys just get
together and be like hey I feel like
thinking about you know you can't wait
to go out and fuck a bunch of people and
the guy might be like hey you know what
I I feel like you're just gonna go out a
fuck a bunch of people too and then
maybe both of you guys aren't even
looking at any other people except for
you you guys are you guys just because
of your emotional baggage from back then
you have all these things that jumble up
the current situation and maybe just by
talking it out it might easily just
solve the situation but what was I think
you fine you can leave the house now and
I'm gonna stop reading your diary you
know any like maybe that's what's gonna
honestly it no offense did to you guys
but I feel like like for the way that
she wrote that the relationship is I
feel that then just talking is super
duper mature already though and I feel
like they're not ready for that I feel
what they both need to do because it's
it's gone on for so long and it's so
fucking it's extreme I feel like you
guys really need to just take a break
from each other
you guys need to take a break from each
other not live together maybe you stay
at home girl's house maybe he stays that
one of his homies houses and y'all just
write down like what the fuck is wrong
with this relationship what it is that
you did to cause because I don't think
any relationship can ever grow if you're
blaming the other person all the time
because if you're saying hey you know
what he's the one that doesn't want me
to do this he restricts me from this he
tells me I can't do this it's like y'all
homegirl like you need to check yourself
and you to see why is he doing this Emma
are you giving him reasons to like are
you wearing fucking mini skirts and like
shirts that show off your tits all the
time and like you you got it you got to
look at yourself so you have to sit
there and really self reflect write down
what am i doing that I feel that maybe
is contributing to these thoughts that
he has maybe it's the way that you talk
to guys on Facebook that when that guy
season maybe in your eyes like I'm just
being friendly but he's like what the
fuck was your flirting with all these
other people so a lot of times it could
be what you're doing that is causing the
effect with someone else right exactly
so I think before you even sit down and
talk about anything because I feel like
if you guys sit down and talk boss is
just gonna turn it to a yell fest and I
don't think I'm good
yeah I don't think anything is gonna get
resolved so before you guys even do that
I feel like you guys separate separate
lesions just sit down with yourselves
and see what the fuck am i doing that's
that's bad hear that I mean I don't know
I don't know if you
I completely agree because usually for
most people it's really hard for them to
see how they fucked up so they usually
come at it okay you know what if we want
this to change you need to stop doing
this you just not good but it's it's not
you it's even if the other person is
crazy you can still like let's say if
she just wants to punch me she can't
stop doing of course I'm gonna hey I'm
getting hurt because you punched me but
if I could do something about myself
maybe I just start wearing a lot of
padding and she could punch me like she
wants all this this there's always two
sides and whether it's 50/50 or ninety
nine and one there's always still that
one percent so if you can self evaluate
and be like what am i doing that's
causing this guy act crazy or what is he
doing that is making me want to go
all these other dudes or do some crazy
shit then be once you can figure that
out and be mature enough for that then
you guys can start talking and it avoid
the whole blame game yeah for sure and I
think once that happens then you guys
should be able to sit down and like
adults like don't start don't start
yelling even if he starts yelling first
it's not gonna become an argument if you
just stay composed stay calm and then
just let him get it out of the system
and then you're like alright and honey
now that you've got that up can we keep
moving forward but once he yells and
then you yeah it's like nothing's gonna
happen so once you have your list and
your self reflection down then yes could
sit down like adults talk about like hey
you know what I want this relationship
to work what can we do to make this
better this is what I I noticed that I
was doing that I can understand why you
feel insecure in this way whatever blah
blah blah and then and then at that
point you guys are gonna know where each
other stands maybe he's not feeling it
anymore or maybe you're gonna realize
hey you know what i'm not i'm not that
smitten about you anymore like i guess i
don't love you
i was just comfortable in the situation
and then you can decide how you want to
go about it but until then yeah you
really have to just sit there and just
be true to yourself if you guys really
feel like you guys really do love each
other though and it's not a control
issue or insecurity issue one maybe
mediary
not mediary like one um intermediate
step that i would probably take would be
to not live together if i still continue
the relationship because if you still
continue the relationship at least you
can keep what you have going but now you
don't have that lockdown issue of him
like making sure you don't go on
facebook and you can't write in your
diary and if you guys aren't living
together you're not gonna know where he
goes anyways you're not gonna be like
watching you with binoculars and but oh
this fool going over here you know like
you're just gonna be doing this thing
and there's a little bit less control
and that way you guys can live happy
your own lives and still meet up and
still like you know get together and go
on dates and all that but at least you
guys get to release some of that like
insecurity and like lock down that both
of you guys seem like you have because
although he's the one that's physically
locking you down and like hey don't want
facebook don't do this don't leave the
house you are mentally locking them down
by going every time he leaves I know
he's fucking someone you know so it's
same feeling you're just expressing a
definitely and maybe and if you guys
really feel like you love each other
and you can't live without each other I
feel like this might be one intermediate
step to take before you guys just
completely go hey I may just take my
entire break I absolutely agree so I
hope that was able to show I or I hope
we were able to shed some light on your
on your problem here but yeah nothing
but the best we wish you nothing but
good luck go ahead and click on Bart's
channel cuz he answered one of his
messages that's completely different
advice and it's actually a juicy one
it's about a guy that's getting mixed
signals from a chick and he's like what
the fuck is going on here so go ahead
and check that out
peace bye I realized something when you
were gone you were very capable and a
grown man how would you know that you
weren't there with me why are you
talking like that because sometimes I
just want to speak in a different way it
makes me feel more sophisticated
ridiculous that the entire you know you
can't you can't hold me to any type of
room
