hey what's up beautiful people
so recently Bart returned from Dallas he
was out there performing for a bunch of
college students and I realized
something when you were gone
you were very capable and a grown man
how would you know that you weren't
there with me why are you talking like
that because sometimes I just want to
speak in a different way and makes me
feel more sophisticated
no you can't you can't hold me to any
type of room anyway so I realize that
when you're gone and we're apart hold on
how did you even know that I carried
myself like a man when you're not there
because you were telling me how you had
a stomachache and then you were telling
me something about like your nose or
something like that but when I gave you
suggestions us too like hey I want you
to take some pepto or why don't you take
this allergy medication whatever you had
already covered all those bases and you
said oh I already did I just took a shit
and al came out oh no you made it sound
like you covered all bases and you were
like oh hey I got this under control now
but I'm just sharing with you how my day
has gone so once I heard that and I
heard you say this I was like wait a
minute
when we're together you are highly
incapable and it seems like you have
some sort of disorder because your hands
don't work your arms don't work you
can't think clearly for example please
elaborate yes I'm going no it's not so
for example what I mean when his hands
don't work I have a purse right and
girls know them you have a purse cuz
you're carrying like your makeup you
have your phone your big-ass wallet with
like all the credit cards that you need
or whatever and it's just to carry your
personal items you know but when he's
with me
all of a sudden his pockets just like
they they don't work he can't hold it
hold it shrink when I see you a yes yes
immediately
so his pockets shrink the stitching it
goes through the entire pocket you can
no longer open it
so he he can't hold it in his hands
because it becomes like 200 pounds in
each hand no he wanted my hands work my
fingers state their pillows oh ok so his
fingers become paralyzed paralyzed and
all of a sudden magically I don't even
know how this happens but all of his
shit is in my purse not all of my shit
but my wallet and my keys
you carry your saying as if my feces it
I know I in the toilet and they can
decipher exactly what I'm trying to do
man excrement in your hip yes all right
so he doesn't literally put shit in my
purse
cuz you guys already know that but
anyway this is your emergency didn't it
that's what peasant okay fine whatever
so then so then like my purse weighs
like an additional five pounds because
this wallet really let me you really
think this is gonna be an extra five
pounds look at this this is monstrous
you're moving around like this one pound
it's like not even one pound there's
nothing in here well okay what's my
person carry my own shit I don't wanna
spend the time putting it by a map
episodes oh yeah
throw it I want to stay engaged with you
we're talking to you it's like we here
you know fine on top of that all of a
sudden his lips are just completely
chapter bleeding it's like they're about
to fall off their face he's been like
they're like absolutely parched he had
he needs to drink water like they're
just bucked up on his mouth well when
this happened it was it because we're in
Toronto no this happens all the time we
went Toronto know extremely cold I'll
give you that night he give you any
small series Fahrenheit I didn't give
you any sort of shit when we were in
Toronto yes you did
we're saw chop stick and ice I left it
back in Los Angeles I don't know where
my chapstick I don't know I mean
everybody has this problem I buy like
four sticks and they all gone okay fine
so when we're not in Toronto and we're
in LA and the weather's beautiful and he
has plenty of water to be drinking all
of a sudden his lips are parched they're
bleeding
they're like about to fall off of his
face and he's like oh you have chapstick
please I need you have I'm like what the
hell why does this always happen when
we're together like you're like nothing
works you're on you're unprepared like
your pockets just don't work your
fingers don't work I'm like what what is
going on that like you're so highly
dependent on me can't tell your secret
when you're not around I'm actually a
secret agent and nothing can bother me
down so when I had a tummy ache I
immediately took a secret agent shit and
it took less than five seconds to got
everything out of me and I was ready to
be on a mission I didn't get on plane
and get back to see you but when you're
around
you're the you're that part of your love
of my life that I've never got a chance
for someone to take care of me and it
feels great to take care of me because I
feel like I'm loved
why did you every tell me though that's
like the sweetest thing ever you're
always such a cold-hearted
son-of-a-bitch
how am i cold hearted son of a bitch
yeah you never see that stuff it's
always just like here take care of this
oh I need this I can't think about this
right now I'm so tired can you just make
a decision cuz I like I like doing
things with you but why like you don't
see what it caused like the stress it
causes on my life cuz you and I know
that purse is huge I'm like there's so
much extra space that like shit in there
that one is fine but you do it like all
the time and it's every single freaking
day and I'm just like why do I have to
keep track and then you'll be like I
don't want to take care of me and then
you had the audacity to be like oh I
need my I need my wallet or I need it
I'm just like if you put it in my purse
you need to take it out yourself I'm in
the middle of something why do I have to
drop everything like you're a freaking
infant and I need to run to cater to
your needs every single time you and I
has the exact same busy a schedule we
like we train we do JK with you barbell
and then we have our personal life which
I take care of all of that and he's
still highly demanding of like my
attention maybe I just like when you
take care of me
but that's not fair because I don't do
that to you
alright guys let me know let me know it
is real it was gonna get some reduce to
connect on a level right now and girls
there's some insight secrets to your man
or to your future man please share it
check it out
so dudes right specifically dug niggas
right here language I don't know any
other way to explain I mean that's a
fact niggas we know who the fuck we is
okay we're hardest fuck well hard we're
out there conquering killing it and we
take care of ourselves but finally when
we get a princess in our lives we just
like the softer side of things we like
being taken care of we like you know
maybe we like you when a girl comes and
give us a massage or or puts a jacket
around us or likes to put such a stick
on us or like covers our ashy ass elbows
or whatever and it feels great when that
happened so sometimes it feels good to
be dependent on some of them when you're
rolling with the homies I can't be like
hey yo Joe like y'all can he carry my
wallet good like what the fuck up my
pocket can't fit to all this in there
and I'm like I know but you know that
this is a type of love and a type of
dependency that you can't share with
anyone else except for maybe your
parents but I mean we're all this fuckin
our parents aren't here and it's all so
different that's like that's a up and
down happens dependency the type of
dependency that couples have it's like
inner dependency and it makes it it
makes it cute it makes it like oh like
you know like a huge for you because I
don't do that to you so you don't even
know what I you know do that to me you
go check out my video me go check out my
video you know what you're talking about
no that's not you so okay so I love the
fact that you showed that thug niggas
like the softer side of things and I
absolutely love taking care of you when
it's is gonna sound fucked up but I just
like I'm sick no I mean actually told me
that when I'm sick you love taking care
she says well okay the only
I like taking care of you when you're
sick is because here calm you're not
fucking around you're not even fucking
around like you're not like poking fun
or trying to like pinch my nipples or do
some weird shit all the time
hey there papa now I got a picture me
yeah she always wears like at home right
she's always wearing like my wife
beaters and I'm way bigger than her so
the wife beater shots are always like
this and if they pop out the fucking
sand crabs coming out a pitcher but he's
like the inside joke patinas like
whether we're taking a shout we both do
it to each other but it's especially
funny guys gotta try it it's especially
fun when you guys are taking a shower
and then you're like Washington hand the
soap is Aisha and out of nowhere if we
just go bang crowd it's like the best
reaction ever
it's a funny freakin crazy little trick
so on a more serious note because that
was highly embarrassing you son of a
bitch
we're really just trying to shower
relationship with you so we really try
to bring you inside of our relationship
because we feel like what we have is
very cool very intimate and it's just
cool to bring guys inside of our life
especially so you kind of kept you guys
in the dark for like three or four years
yeah so that was funny that's a good one
anyway so yeah the reason the reason why
I like to interview and you're sick is
because you just become like this
adorable sweet kind like babies
