so you're saying that I'm not really at
all evolving them no you are annoying
when I'm sure perfectly healthy
yeah no you're super how am i annoying
look at like your voice right now I'm in
the mood to like Mike a lot much classy
but Mike you just think certain things
are funny and I'm like being very
serious and I want to get to the bottom
of things and you're just fucking around
I'm like hey can we just mess around
later and can we just like take care of
the test on yet whose fault is it I mean
number one you know you made a comedian
number two your nose went crazy since
the first day you met me like eight
years ago
Betsy okay okay I knew you were crazy
right but I only saw this thug nigga
side so when I saw the does well god Pan
is wet yeah my panties were just like
Shh and it was just ridiculous cuz I was
like god I am like he's he's hot like he
he could take care of himself
cut to a year later after us being
together this fuck is schmuck Atelier
like it look at that face was says he
smiled like like a three yeah I think oh
I don't know it's not the semicolon the
three like a bracket you guys like that
bracket anyway so yeah I thought you
were that thug nigga and I'm like yo
that's that's hot like finally a man I
don't have to take care of and like baby
all the time all ladies have to take
care of their man and that's fine up to
a certain extent but with you it's just
ridiculous
like he doesn't know where anything at
home is he's like where's the iron
where's the iron I'm like he could only
be in one place cuz you there's the one
that organized the household so she
likes to organize the house and on my
eyes if you want to organize house I'm
gonna be hands-off so now when I need
something I'm gonna just ask you and you
know exactly where it is yeah
but I organize the house years ago you
lived in the same place for a few years
now I think it's time and we don't even
live in a mansion we live like in a
studio like how big and how lost can
things get well cuz you also say when I
go start looking for things I mess
everything up so to save you the trouble
of having to organize and clean
everything up it's fine where
or the flathead screwdrivers no no it's
fine
what needs to happen is you look for it
if you mess something up then you just
replace it to how it was when you first
started looking for it well when I
replace it never looks the way you did
it because you did it with the mob right
touch
I don't know who we need some sort of
compromise or something here because
it's just it's just getting ridiculous
are you trying to tell me you don't like
taking care of me no I like taking care
of you but the way you want to be taken
care of is very extreme like huh you
make me do everything for you I'm
surprised I'm not like spoon-feeding you
I like that I don't think couples
actually at dinner spoon feeding each
other yeah it'll make any sense because
it's easy to reach towards the mouth but
they'd rather go across the table yeah
but because they've just been dating for
like a month or two you or maybe they
just got on a relationship putz of six
months later they're gonna be fuckin
feuding what kind of relationship is
that gonna be Beauty yeah that's just
what happens we feed all the time
we're never food since when you say the
word feud I argued my vocabulary yeah
isn't it the same so you really don't
like taking care of me I do but but it's
very extreme is what I'm saying like you
just become way too dependent on me like
way too dependent so what do you want me
to do that I just want you to simmer
down just tone it down a little bit like
maybe you can start by carrying your own
wallet
dude oh my oh well I pulled the wallet
from out of my pocket right now cuz you
pulled it out my purse and you put it in
cover I didn't do that I didn't do that
just like do that how the truth oh I've
been keeping my pocket whole day
I paid about popping up at a day um no
no he did this time but like you can
take you can keep track of your own
chapstick you can keep track of all your
own belongings the same way I do mine I
don't tell you to hold myself all the
time the bottom you some chefs uh keep
track of it I fight you chapstick all
the time
Jackie buy it for me so I know where
they are I don't know what to do with
you I don't I don't I feel like this is
one of those things that's just not
gonna change and I think I have to just
deal with this I think so too
well I like it all I could do and maybe
there's a lot of girlfriend out to do
that like I don't like it but I think
deep down inside deep down inside behind
those nipples is like what behind those
sand crab I mean to a certain extent we
like it like we like the end of
dependency you know what I mean because
it's like as though as a female we're
just we're just wired to just be
nurtures so that makes sense but like I
said keep saying the way you want me to
do it with you it's just you're just
super highly dependent because you would
like like literally you don't know
anything anymore I'm surprised you even
know how to write your own name but the
way that like girls not our nurture is
like way better than guys like even I
even though I have allergies
right I get allergies and they'll be
this time too I just don't have allergy
matters I'm just dealing with it I like
go to K she tells me there's cats I'm
just like all fucked up whatever but for
you you're thoughtful enough to when you
go to Costco you like you know I'm just
gonna buy them a big big bottle of them
with that type of a tentative nough
stored me I don't even have for myself
like you saw that on my underwear has
holes in it so you bought me a whole
stream part that I'm talking about okay
so at the JK office this is week where
we're currently filming right now at
this office we have those instant what
are the Keurig coffee makers and all we
all you have to do to make coffee is you
literally plug in the machine turn the
power on make sure that there's enough
water for a cup of coffee just a cup
like a mug size
and it comes with like prepackaged um
individual shots of of coffee you put
you open like the top of the machine you
put that little individual cup in there
and you close it you press Start but a
big but it boomed three seconds it's
done you have a hot cup of coffee right
that's all you have to do but he always
says hey can you make me a cup of coffee
and I'm like wait you know it takes like
less than 10 seconds to make your own
coffee
ohyou do it cuz it tastes so much better
like what the hell I don't add anything
different to it it's literally just the
water that is used to filter this coffee
out and just the coffee that's in that
individual shot but somehow when I make
this freakin coffee it tastes better it
does I really does I don't know it
tastes way better it's crazy it must be
like a temperature the fingertips when
it touches the mat the mechanisms it
creates a different brewed that's not
talking about super exaggerated I'm not
I mean really if everyone came in as a
line as a taste test in all maybe coffee
and then you made a coffee they would
clearly be able to tell that the coffee
that you made is superb so I guess I've
come to a conclusion there will be no
compromise I'm stuck with this troll
baby and car let's make a chopped ap
nigga told me no just two sides to every
every man yeah we have the crustacean
lobster outer shell but inside really
soft soft me so ladies I know you feel
me out there and please be strong for me
we gotta support each other ladies so I
guess that concludes that if you guys
would like to hear
Bart's bullshit story go ahead and visit
this channel it is quite interesting
because everybody complains about it
actually happens here as well so we're
tiny portions I don't go on a PTO and
let's check it out check out his video
alright bye guys I like this guy who I
met during a volleyball practice
we met in August and I began liking him
in September a few weeks later he asked
me to hang out with him and his friends
after hanging out he said he missed me
