whats up beautiful people today is upper
body work day as I prep for my meet this
March and this is actually one of my
most loaded exercises just because I'm
so weak and I'm so full of myself that I
always like to see me moving a lot more
weight but my ego is always checked at
the door once I try to lift up higher
weight I'm here I'm just constantly
tweaking my grip this is just neutral
grip um here you will see me switch over
to narrow grip which I realize is a lot
easier for me as you can see I get to
move the weights a lot quicker with
narrow grip so I'm gonna start
implementing that I didn't realize that
until I started watching this video
video actually so here I am this is more
of accessory work the first bench was
just my main lip just like the accessory
work that I did for the close grip bench
I am doing more accessory working
specifically to target my shoulders
because it's gonna help when I'm trying
to lose weight bench but I've been doing
these things these accessory exercises
and I have been noticing an increase in
my bench last but not least I hate you
the most frequent upright rows you can
see I thought I was stronger than I am
but II go check no move it back down to
wait I'm so weak when it comes
to this exercise so guys I will keep the
shirt until next time I will keep you
guys updated with my progress and I hope
I can kill it this march in the
powerlifting meet till next time y'all
hey hey whats up beautiful people so
here I'm gonna show you guys all of my
workouts that are gonna help me prepare
and hopefully get my numbers up for my
very first powerlifting competition that
will take place this March
