hey whats up beautiful people so here
I'm going to show you guys all of my
workouts that are gonna help me prepare
and hopefully get my numbers up for my
very first powerlifting competition that
will take place this March I'm a lot of
things have changed I have recently
changed from low bar back to high bar
back to lower bar so that's what I'm
doing right now and I actually whitened
up my stance and I'm working on more
efficiency that's like I don't seem to
go ass to grass I just want to make sure
that I break parallel and make my lip as
efficient as possible a so I thought you
guys are seeing this here um I recently
started doing hip thrust which also
helped amazingly if you haven't done it
please try it recently I r injured my
back so I had to change from
conventional down to sumo yeah I was
forced to do so for a couple reasons the
first one is because I injured my back
like I mentioned the second one is
because I'm almost six feet tall 511 to
be exact and everyone that it has
respectable numbers and powerlifting
always tells me hey you're a freakin
giraffe why don't you try sumo it is way
more efficient for people you're
freaking height and I said you know what
my back is fucked up let's do it so this
is what you see here this is literally
the first time I have ever played with
sumo deserts that's why I look so
fucking awkward and this to me I didn't
care what the wait was I put my pride
aside and I said hey I'm just gonna work
on Form so this is what you're looking
at right now so please go ahead and
judge away cuz I don't know what the
fuck I'm doing especially when it comes
to sumo but give me a couple weeks and
I'm gonna get it fucking Bart is crazy
he actually recommended this exercise he
says let's do front squat lunges now I'm
like all right boy let's do it you're a
fucking animal I want to be an animal
just like you so this is what you guys
see here and it was pretty freakin hard
but again because my back of injured and
I had just finished doing squats and
fumo deadlifts I was pretty taxed so I
kind of took it easy I'm moving to my
next exercise to just strengthen the
back it is good mornings and this one I
took it super easy cuz my lower back is
the area that I injured and I wanted to
just take it easy cuz I don't want to do
anything that's gonna jeopardize my
performance for this March
that's what you see here hip thrust
again ah it helps so much and lastly i
am doing ab workout on a gluten and
developer yes everybody I know that
that's not what it's for but hey if it
works I'm going to use it this way I
don't normally work on my abs but I know
that as an accessory exercise it is very
important to just just do an overall
body workout and when it comes to
lifting it's always good to have a
strong core so guys until next time
thank you so much for watching I'll keep
it short and sweet have a good day
pitties finally I get to do it in my own
home barbell brigade um and this is my
max effort lower body day
