hey what's up guys so this comes from a
female and she right hey Geo I wanted to
ask for your advice I like this guy who
I met during a volleyball practice
we met in August and I began liking him
in September a few weeks later he asked
me to hang out with him and his friend
after hanging out he said he missed me
she says maybe as a friend
whoa then a couple weeks later I told
him that I liked him because I was so
stressed out and I thought by me telling
him that I was gonna be less stressed
that wasn't the case after I told him he
said that he was okay that I told him
you said that he didn't mind and thought
that it was the best thing to do but he
never said in a way said if he liked me
or not he just said that it was okay
that I told him I'm not sure what I
should do now
should I keep liking him or should I
just stop what do you think well this
goes to show that girls go through the
exact same shit that dudes go through so
it's not a one-sided street guys get all
choked up over girls girls get all
choked up over guys and this girl's
scenario I don't know I mean I think
guys are a little bit more
straightforward cuz they have dicks and
they just point into the direction they
want to go to so if you already voiced
that hey you know what I missed you as a
friend and then he's like oh it's okay
for you to miss me no no he said that
she he said to her that oh so that
changes the whole thing because first of
all I applaud you seriously because not
a lot of girls would actually do what
you did and I think that was awesome of
you and honest you can't see it didn't
stress you out less I think what
happened was you relieved yourself with
like this crazy like rock that you were
carrying and you're like fuck it I'm
just gonna tell him and kick it up there
and whatever happens happens I thought
what you did was perfectly fun and I
would keep doing that now his response
to you maybe he's just really shy er
maybe he's not ready or maybe the way
that you said it wasn't in a way that he
really understood that you'd like him
like if you didn't say hey you know what
like you I don't know why but I'd like
you ever since I saw you spike that ball
fell in love or maybe not alone I fell
in like with you if you weren't really
direct with him then maybe he took it a
different way that's true I mean we can
only take what she says for granted and
by taking it for granted I'm thinking
day she did make it clear and if she did
make it clear and the dude is just like
oh ah that's okay then I think he
probably doesn't like you but it's
really strange because if a guy because
why would a guy ask me to hang out with
your friends like if he asked hey are
you gonna be playing volleyball you know
our next session that to me is normal
and he just wants to be a homey like
that one could go either way for me he
could be a homie or he's he's interested
in you but if he says hey let's hang out
with my friends now he's kind of
bringing you into his world hey assuming
that you guys don't have mutual friends
if he's bringing you into his world that
already to me I'm not a guy correct me
if I'm wrong that already to me sounds
like he's digging you that's a very good
observation I agree I thought you were
gonna give you like your two cents in
but no I completely agree if a guy is
willing to bring you into his home user
or dude's world for sure he's filling
you for sure yeah this is kind of
confusing I don't think you should stop
liking it and I don't think it should be
such a um such a brass decision is that
even though correct Herrmann is a brass
rash here at the rice decision likes
it's like so quick to like come to a
conclusion is that like using up I guess
so that's brash blast whatever you get
the point I thought so don't jump to any
conclusions so quickly it's not so black
and white
um again maybe you didn't present it in
a way where he understood what you're
talking about uh that could that could
be it
maybe he's completely shy maybe you
caught him off guard maybe he wasn't
expecting that maybe he was at his place
thinking the same thing
oh my goodness I liked her I can't
believe I asked her to go out with my
friends and she had to leave early and
then I said I missed her
what the hell am I thinking maybe he's
going through the same battle in his
head the weird thing though that's
that's really confusing me is the dude
invited her into his homey circle right
he also said I missed you
right so that tells me that he's not
really a shy motherfucker
but after she explained her feelings he
didn't jump on it so that kind of takes
out of the equation hey he's just shy
what if he's an older guy and she's
younger what do you mean I'm assuming
they're not mean to play volleyball
together well I mean I play volleyball I
used to play volleyball I don't open gym
all the time and there's the people of
all ages I mean we can't start assuming
weird shit like Oh what if he's an alien
I mean I don't know maybe I don't know
I'm just saying of what we're given this
is really weird because the guy it
doesn't seem like you shy and now when
the girls like hey pretty much I'm bring
em down to suck a dick and he's like
well dick sucking is a very nice
activity Dennis like what the hell what
are you trying to go from here well the
only reason why I bring that he can be
older is he might see her as a little
sister and that would make sense to me
why you would want to hang out with her
because maybe she's they're like compact
like really good at playing the sport
but all their dudes don't go like yo I'm
gonna be chillin with my other 40 year
old homies hey little sixteen no you
wanna come kick it that's fucking weird
okay I appreciate that but that's some
fucking weird cuz then I was thinking
maybe he said like I miss you like aa
little sucker I miss you you know like
that's even weird imagine you're a
little thirteen-year-old girl I don't
know why they miss you and what the
eight-year-old like in a principal
anyway that's fuckin weird - yeah
six-year-old I'm just gonna assume that
they're relatively same age and the dude
says hey I missed you and guys don't
really say shit like that cuz guys you
know I mean most dudes they're more
emotionally detached
so guys only say their true feelings I
mean
so you know I mean girl diseases so mr.
Bress is yeah guys are like that right
so for him to be like yo I miss you and
then later on when you tell him like
that's that's the part that's like yeah
yeah yeah yeah that is kind of weird um
honestly what I would do if I was in
your situation as hard as this is gonna
be cuz I would III get where you're
coming from you feel some sort of
rejection and you're kind of confused
and you're like wait why didn't this pan
out the way I was hoping that it would
pan out in my head like I tell him we're
gonna let's reenact what what what she
thought was gonna happen okay hmm she
tell me you miss me go hey okay Shh cut
the two weeks later I don't know why but
I like you so yes I get it it didn't pan
out
how you imagined it would pan out so
you're probably super confused so I
would probably bite the bullet one last
time just one last time and I would text
him I probably wouldn't be able to do it
face to face cuz I'm a super pansy now
cuz now I'm just like ah like I've been
stripped away of like the power I
thought I had and now I was like in some
way he kind of has the ball in his court
and I'm just like shit ah so I don't
know you you're probably gonna know this
I know I'm just saying what I would do
because I feel like maybe I don't know
maybe just a person man but I just feel
now that I'm just like bonk I don't want
to feel this rejection again so I'm just
gonna text them and just be like hey so
you know when I told you whatever I told
you do you like and you don't you like
me cuz I'm completely confused right now
