I completely disagree but not I would do
because for me it's like you already
failed right now at this point at that
given point when you said I like you and
he says that's nice pretty much you
pretty much don't have the dude so what
I would do is I would try to take them
out to go eat face to face and in face
to face I would squared off and be like
hey you know what
no bullshit you told me you miss me
you brought me around your homies I
thought we had something going on I have
feelings for you what do you want to do
are you do you still got some ex issues
that you're trying to take care of or do
you want to already are you like kind of
shy talking about feelings whatever it
is let's finish this before we finish
our sandwiches that's not so aggressive
for me though that's so in-your-face I
mean that's the how I would say it you
could do a girl version dude hey excuse
me you know so like you told me you like
me and I like you too well you missed me
and I miss you too and you know like you
brought me around your friends and all
that and no one ever does that and it
made me feel kind of good so like what I
want to do now is like I kind of like
you know and I told you but you didn't
give me like the feedback that I want so
I'm just trying to you like it's a dream
of future I would say no get away from
or that's less I mean that's less
aggressive I'm just saying cut the
bullshit and you want to meet face -
because text maybe it is the text - I
fucked it all up maybe also here I miss
you like and he was just like playing
basketball
Oh green fucking flowers I miss you and
it didn't really mean anything and then
maybe a her she just finished watching
like a chick flick a jeweler Joe sudden
this is me oh you know she might have
took in a like wait clear so this better
just meet in person and then actually
know what people are saying I don't know
that just sounds way too aggressive for
me whoa you already had like your 20
minutes of speaking give me a second
what you did shed some light I'll know
that you were like well maybe texting
was what fuck
up in the first place okay so let's say
that 16 that it did happen via text I
would do the opposite then I would do it
so what I'm trying to do now I'm just
trying to like mix it up and find
different ways to like get my answers
now that's playing games oh that's not
playing game that's me like still like
protecting my feelings
fuck your filler you need to protect
your feelings when you're when you're
getting into a relationship your puny
putting you're putting your feelings
cuting find your computing or you're
putting yourself on the line anyways I
know but I because it takes so much for
me to confess something in the beginning
it takes so much everything right and
for that to get rejected I'm just saying
we're just two different types of people
no but if you already so this is the
situation it's in it takes a lot to put
your feelings on the line right right
the feelings are on the line right now
right so now it's not gonna take that
much they're not on the line more only
because she didn't get the positive
response that she wanted therefore how
you stated it was she failed yeah but
they still out there
right well yes and no no something like
this it's kind of like this it's your
secret agent out on a mission right if
your cover has been blown
even though you didn't accomplish the
mission your cover has still been blown
you only have a short amount of time to
complete that mission for a second time
it's not like ocean my cover been blown
I didn't complete the mission so hey
guys he know that she likes her wait
that's not what I'm saying
she can't next they all of them like hey
what's up Joseph my homeboy I know you
like me why are you acting like a fucker
now what I'm trying to accomplish at all
all I'm trying to do now is just salvage
my feelings at this point so the feeling
of rejection and all that that I'm
feeling like really sad really down like
fuck I'm like kicking myself all over
this like stop I can't be serious now
I'm just trying to hold on to this last
piece of hope that I have that damn it
fuck I didn't get what I wanted to get
ah like it's this is so hard I'm holding
last hope
or you hold on to your pride and
feelings probably pride and feelings
exactly
probably prize and killings of course if
you're holding on to your pride and
feelings you don't want it's lost hope
you don't why cuz it's so rare for a guy
to really reject the girl so guys just
fuckin love girls so and girls could
just be whatever about a guy so whatever
I'm just saying how I would have dealt
it at like if I was younger I'd probably
be like oh shit I'm so like broken right
now I don't know what's going on I'm
fucked up I don't want to stop liking
this guy I don't want to make like a
crazy fast decision without thoroughly
thinking things through I told him in
person that I like him I can't do that
again I that just killed my soul way too
much I'm just gonna do it via text aside
or if I was like damn it I did it via
text and it didn't freak him work out I
don't know what phases he was making I
don't know how he reacted to this stuff
ah you know what forget it I'm just
gonna end this now I'm just gonna settle
everything I'm gonna invite them out to
go eat or get some boba or get something
like ice cream or something
and I'm gonna tell them and we're gonna
just squash it break them in there I
mean I guess it depends on how much you
like them if you only like them a little
bit then yeah hold on to your feelings
and pride and all that but for me if I
really like someone I don't really give
a fuck by myself I'm gonna go after the
whole that is yourself you're giving a
fuck only about yourself no cuz you want
it no but you're caring about pride
you're like I don't want to look
desperate I don't want to look what I'm
saying no that's exactly what's going I
don't care if I look desperate or huh I
wouldn't give a fuck about myself
if the knife is in here I might but I
love you here's someone here's a little
more I don't give a fuck but for you
you're like I love you but not that much
get out I guess so I mean that's what
that's what led to me it depends on how
much you like the guy I mean if you
don't like them they're like wow I know
I don't want this anymore no you know I
mean but if you really like someone fuck
it you know
I guess it does depend on how much you
like the person but given the way it was
it was presented it was only a few
months I mean who's to say that you
can't really like someone in a few
months but um yeah I don't know I know
it takes a lot out of me for me to like
confess so there you go
you have two different sides two
different perspectives on this matter me
that I'm like ah I did it that took so
much but it kind of blew up in my face
now I have to do it in a way where I can
still kind of like salvage some of my
feelings for you it's like bucket balls
out like I'm gonna I'm gonna get my
answer regardless all right guys so
that's it for today's advice video if
you guys would like to see the answer
that Bart was asked and his answers go
ahead and check out his channel for all
that until next time you guys I recently
received it a message on my facebook my
fan page and I'm gonna I'm gonna leave
this under I'm gonna leave them
anonymous and this is what she wrote she
says I've been dating my boyfriend since
around early 2008 that's about four to
five years now
