but every time I'm with you it's fucking
your grandma's they're your cousin's
there and this is fucking weird out of
like if we extrapolate what the fuck's
going on I really do see us breaking up
I ain't tripping tell me if I am
tripping but this isn't what we had
three years ago when we were separate
and non Hong Kong Hong Kong fuck shit up
so I don't know you let me know
I didn't hear straight up about it maybe
it dalbi give the guy a nut check and
he's like fuck you know you're right
like I've just been fucking spending my
money and just fucking fucking around
with friends all day and you know what
maybe I am about to lose the person I
love the most and that'll give him a
reality check
yeah I mean that's that's great advice
like that I feel like that's that's what
you have to do you have to just be
straight up with people because they
can't read your mind and I like IKEA I'm
gonna keep saying this cuz I'm a flawed
human being and I do this all the time
right yeah all the time and it's
something that you constantly have to
work at and it's and I'm telling you I
get it like you just feel like you're
being naggy or you're being like overly
attached but you know you just gotta you
gotta pull yourself out of that comfort
zone and say fuck I hate feeling this
way why do I feel this way and you just
have to tell him and to prevent yourself
from from being already attached one
thing you can do is I think people they
come up overly attached one day when
they try to present it as a one-way
street so like hey you know what I wanna
have dinner with you fucking eight days
a week all the time and I want dinners
to be six hours long yeah of course
you're like hey you know what like you
don't want be nice to me if it was three
times a week you know this less than
half and the other three days go out
with your friends do whatever there's a
compromise but at least there's
something that we can hold on to you to
make it seem like our relationship is
still on the right track and I think
things like that will make it seem like
okay cool these bitches are crazy no
definitely I feel like there needs to be
a balance for sure there's need to be
there needs to be an open line of
communication there needs to be balance
and the fact that like
it's kind of already going in the
direction what he feels like a nice lie
to you like that's a whole another thing
that you need to tackle in it you need
to be like hey why why do you feel like
you can't directly talk to me cuz just
reading your ear message also it sounds
like you make a lot of excuses because
you're like whoa we eat with his family
all the time and it's never us too but I
mean it's okay and I'm cool with that
and that's probably something that you
do in your relationship that's that you
keep like you keep having to conform and
you're obviously not happy with it so
you're always like okay well okay I
guess we'll hang out with your friends
again but I really haven't hung out with
even six months but no no no I mean I'm
okay with it
like that's probably something that you
might want to stop doing cuz you're just
not gonna be happy on the same token
though you also want to self-reflect
because maybe it's not the dudes fault
for sure because like the whole other
side up but we don't know is we just
taking a letter for face value right
what can possibly be happening is maybe
this girl is texting him like every hour
what are you doing feels like I'm just
adjusting people's necks oh yeah what
are you now you do it now you know like
maybe this person is super duper
attached which makes the guy want to go
fuck I need some space like you're
texting me all the time you're trying to
fucking FaceTime me you're trying to be
fucking my Samantha from her like I'm
just trying to fucking I need some space
so why don't I bring my family and so we
can like you know this girl's trying to
bone me that work or like you know what
I mean like it could be a lot of other
things that is making him want to push
you away and like I need a breather and
you know it's not you I'm not fucking
mark over here me and Mark are literally
we're just gonna go out and grab a
couple beers and just chill the fuck out
without you texting me like every five
minutes that's high possibility too
there's a lot of times where shit
happens the first thing goes like you
you you you you son of a bitch I know
you're a little bit stomach just but so
it's indirect it's an indirect oh yeah
indirect result and he's just probably
reacting to what you're doing not only
that but in terms of self-reflection
maybe also you can self reflect and be
like wait should I even be feeling
negatively about this because I remember
when you and I first started dating it
never really was just us - it was like
us - and your mom or us - and the homies
and it initially I never voiced this to
you in the beginning but initially
within like the first like a couple
months I was like holy shit like I want
us be I want to be my with I want to be
with you by ourselves I don't want your
mom or those sneaky kisses like oh no I
just wanted to hang out with you I
wanted to connect with you without like
a third wheel in the way and not only
until after I was like self reflected
and I was like won't wait why do I feel
negative about this and I was able to
come to a conclusion that hey he doesn't
see his parents all the time and you
know they're both divorced then he only
has a certain amount of time to spend
with this person certain month that's
time to spend with this person and you
just adjust and and it made sense in my
head now and then I I no longer had
those negative feelings but I think I
even voiced it to you and we were able
to come to like a medium ground or like
a conclusion where it was like okay you
know what we'll do every other weekend
with my mom and I'll reserve this time
for you and it was it was great I mean
it worked out but um definitely going
back to you the self-reflection make
sure that you're not just tripping like
think about it like why do I feel bad
about this think about that first and
then if if you're like well wait you
know what I have these feelings are
valid like I do still feel bad about it
then you open up to him and then you say
hey you know what I thought about all
these different angles I thought it was
me I think these are the conclusions I
came up with I still feel bad about it
what do you think honey or what do you
think baby and
and I feel like this is when the
relationship really starts happening and
it starts growing or you can actually
realize like you know what you're not
the person I thought you were so it's so
important to talk to him um after you've
you have like a clear idea of how you're
feeling and why it is that you came up
with the conclusion that you did and
when you think back make sure you think
back far cuz you guys been already
together therefore like we're like five
six years almost four five years yes so
when you've been together for that long
a lot of the problems or issues that
arise they're not rooted from something
that happen like two weeks ago it's
probably something that dates back to a
certain time I know like me and my mom
like when we're chilling or me and my
dad were chillin
it could easily go from the conversation
that's quote to all of us on fuck mom
again are you serious and people that
aren't around us don't be like why do
you talk to your son like that and it's
because it's something that's rooted way
back from fucking or 15 years ago or my
mom's forcing me to do something that
nice and so the lightest like reminder
of something that happened back there
and it kind of makes it explode
exponentially I'm sure so whatever
issues you may have you might want to go
back and be like wait is there something
that we've already experienced back in
college you know and that's causing this
to be this way there's a lot of
dissecting thank you but the most
important thing is when you do that this
dissecting do it with yourself so you're
clear and in the first put in your
dissect with is that your dude because
you don't want to be dissect your two
girlfriends because they were throwing
shit that don't even matter like oh my
god these are signs of cheating for sure
then you're gonna get all these weird
ideas in her head that probably don't
even exist and ruin a relationship yeah
for sure it definitely that's like
hands-down the best advice that you can
give anyone and and also like seriously
you guys should really like prevent
yourselves for being in a long-distance
relationship and like going past that
because I know when people are in that
long-distance relationship they can't
keep it together so that's like huge
forever yeah that's like a huge huge
deal and I know that the transition from
being a part to now moving your lives
back together I know that in itself is
very difficult so I don't know how long
you guys have been living together now
or like living in the same I guess city
now but that can also be contributing to
that because you guys aren't used to
being around each other so much so
that's that's also another question that
you guys should definitely explore and
see if maybe that's contributing to with
how you guys are feeling about each
other okay guys thanks for watching Bart
actually had an opportunity to answer
one of his own fan emails and this guy's
talking about how he's in like with this
girl and this girl likes a particular
type of guy and he feels he's not that
type of guy what should this I do so go
ahead and visit Bart's channel to hear
the advice that he had to get him our
very first relationship video we talked
about how we first got together and it
was like this magical experience were
all the stars aligned and the birds and
the doves kept giving us all these crazy
signs to be together be together be
together
