hey what's up beautiful people today
we're gonna do something a little bit
different at the end of this please let
us know if you liked it or not but we've
been receiving a lot of relationship
advice emails whether it's on Facebook
or Twitter I've even had people posted
on my Instagram have you had that I've
had people tell me in person to like hey
I'm your biggest fan
what happened was on me and my
girlfriend we just broke up yeah I don't
know what to do it I'm like oh I really
really know you so I just wanted a nut
spine
yeah so we wanted to reach out to you
guys cuz there's a lot of messages that
we do read yes we actually read them
that I felt that really connected with
me he felt really connected with him and
we want to share our two cents with you
guys so again let us know what you think
of it in the comments below if you liked
it um say yeah keep doing these if you
hit it it's a scratch it we don't want
it you suck I know I'm just kidding
they're nice they would never say that
yeah okay so I recently received it a
message on my facebook my fan page and
I'm gonna I'm gonna leave this under I'm
gonna leave them anonymous and this is
what she wrote she says um I've been
dating my boyfriend since around early
2008 that's about four to five years now
a long time yeah we've been in a
long-distance relationship because we
both attended two different universities
I was in Canada he was in Australia so
they made it through that long-distance
relationship and now they currently live
in Hong Kong because that's where they
both work oh cool you're like my my
message head man yeah because yeah
that's like really rare that's already
like awesome recently like around June
he's been starting his new job and he
has really awkward hours so he'll work
from 8:00 to 10:00 every day or on
Saturdays he'll work until five ish
um so it's been hard to see each other
and I often go to his place to have
dinner so it's never really been us -
it's always us - plus his family or his
friends so what is happening is that
these past couple months he's brought up
the fact that he doesn't have time to
spend with me that he used to because he
works down he needs to allocate the
other time to his friends and his family
and I totally get it honestly but it's
the way he goes about it that's very
confusing he's like I feel like I've
been treating you badly I've been
wasting your time I feel confused and
frustrated and she just goes on to say
that they had they had this family
get-together that she was an S and then
the following day she asked him hey so
how was this event like how was how was
the party
and he said oh you know what it ran
pretty late I went straight home and
then had a family dinner because they
always have dinner together one of the
cousins asked her boyfriend hey so where
did you end up that night of that party
and he goes oh and he turns to his
girlfriend the person that wrote me a
message and says I kind of hung out with
a friend instead so yeah he basically
lied and he
that he was he did one thing when
reality he did something else and his
reasoning for that was well I didn't
want to hurt your feelings and now she's
kind of stuck thinking well what else
have you lied about to not hurt my
feelings and she's kind of confused as
to what to do cuz she says she's really
scared and she's afraid that he's kind
of like giving up or giving up on the
relationship said so what are your
thoughts on that um I feel everything
that she wrote to me I feel like that's
something that she should be telling him
directly like verbatim every single
thing that she told me I feel like she
should definitely sit him down and say
hey this is how I'm feeling this is what
you're doing to cause me to feel this
way and I really can't say too much
about it because I only know her side
like I don't know well we can only base
it off right um so just based off of
what she's telling me it just kind of
sounds like there's there's obviously
lack of communication because he feels
like he can't go up to her and say hey
you know what um I want to spend time
with my friends he feels like he has to
lie about that not to justify the line
that's never that's never right but just
from the sound of it if there's just no
communication there and I've actually
been in a relationship that was similar
to this we didn't do the long-distance
thing but it got to a point in the
relationship towards the end of it where
um he I guess was kind of giving up and
I was like still trying to fight for it
so he would give a lot of excuses and
and put a lot of blame on himself to
like like I guess help me see that I
don't want to be with him anymore
because I guess he didn't have like the
backbone to like break up with me um
this is actually really normal but what
I've seen it a lot especially like these
young professionals what happens is like
you have your high school sweetheart or
college sweetheart or whatever like
whoever you fell in love with early on
in life right and you guys are just you
guys do that see each other maybe like
once a week a couple of times will be
type of thing and then once you enter
your profession now you're like very
passion and you spend a lot of time in
your profession and now you're a working
professional and you're making money and
now you can
actually call yourself independent in
making moves in life and because you've
established that that relationship early
aren't you kind of have it on autopilot
so not just like well I have a
girlfriend and now have money so now I
want to hang out with my friends like
regardless if he's cheating on her or
not you want to like but the type of
mentality that people get into they it's
easy for them to just like let's say you
have a dog right like you have a puppy
and you're like playing what they're
there him like every single day for
three months straight the dog gets older
and now I just leave his ass in the
bathtub I mean that's fuckin normal and
then that's I think that's what's
happening here however it does seem kind
of shady like even though he's trying
not to hurt her feelings when you like
cross that trust barrier I feel like
that's huge you know it's legit for her
to feel like well what else did you try
not to write hurt my feelings for 'right
know exactly um not only that because I
mean I completely agree with that it's
you kind of take the relationship for
granted that's what you mean by
autopilot right yeah but I also feel
like girls have a tendency of venting to
everyone else and saying hey these are
my problems help me out with it what do
you think don't meet what I yeah and
it's like tell me what I want to hear
but it's like when it comes down to
actually telling the person that it
involves and it's directly affecting
they have a really hard time doing it
and I'm guilty of that definitely I'm
guilty of that because I guess I only
speak for myself I don't know how it is
for the person that wrote it for me but
for me I always always want to make sure
that I'm not being bitchy or naggy or
overly emotional but then just reading
this message makes me feel like well I
mean if you feel a way about something
there's nothing wrong with presenting it
presenting it to the person that's
making you feel this way even if if it's
like self-induced even if it's all in
your own head I still feel it's really
important to sit down and not be
elementary about it and like well you
know what you just hurt my feelings
and then like add that way it's like hey
you know what um I don't know maybe I'm
being like I'm overreacting but I'm kind
of feeling this way what do you think
and I think if you approach it that way
um it should be a lot easier to discuss
it okay and there's a huge difference
between telling it exactly how you feel
versus implying it because I know a lot
of girls are guilty you know how the
guys actually they're really guilty of
going honey yeah we we haven't had
dinner for like the last three weeks
alone and then that and then the guy's
like okay um why don't we schedule
something for next Saturday and then
she's like oh okay um I mean that's
that's fine I need even though it and
then she's like and then later she'll
walkabouts - I told him I was like duh
we haven't had dinner for three weeks
excuse me get the trip but like for guys
I don't think they get it
so like what you really have to do is
just blend straight out like yo we used
to fuck all the time
we don't fuck no more we are fucking
your parents or that this is fun weird
