I just got the big guy washed yesterday
and every time I get a washed
I completely reef all in love with this
guy look at this guy
this guy is a gleaming beauty the gloss
black paint the red accent the flat or
matte black wheels the matte black nerf
bars the black and sulfur matching Fox
shocks the coilovers man this thing is
nice not to toot my own horn or anything
but I think because it's black it gets
dirty so fast that easily it gets
covered up and its beauty is kind of
gone and you're just driving it every
day as a utility vehicle cuz it is a
truck and it's my work truck and I do
all kinds of stuff with the barbel JK
know things all the time and put the
dogs in it and so as it gets dirty it
becomes more and more of a work truck
but every time I wash it I'm just like
damn this thing looks nice I really
really like it it's so cool it's so cool
cuz um you know it was kind of a
blessing in disguise when I was waiting
for the Raptor for like all of 20 the
end of 2015 they postponed in 2016 and
they postponed it and finally if you
make came out this year in 2017 and
because I was waiting for so long for
the Raptor to come around they kept
postponing it three times all that well
you know what I need a truck
they're never gonna come out with this
so let me go find my own and then make
my own Raptor and so I was searching
around and I finally came across this
model called the midnight edition which
is the Silverado and it's a z71 so it's
already off-road slightly more off-road
capable but everything's blacked out and
I just like the entire package and
before I even bought the car I already
had the vision of what I wanted to look
like so almost almost immediately after
I bought the truck within a month
everything got switched out like from
the tires got switched out but the nerf
boards in put the camper in and this
thing just looks dope I still might do a
couple more things to it like I still
might get exhaust which has a throaty
sound maybe an intake not too much
because because I do kind of consider
this my affair
the vehicle as well don't want to be
roaring if me and the family trying to
have a conversation on a road trip or
something you know like that guy over
there is already hella loud so for me I
don't feel like I need to have two loud
cars but I can get something subtle and
just kind of throw it and bring that v8
out and of course we have to mention the
cuny bill I since play this thing is
nice it's so clean when it's clean look
at that I like how the sky reflects off
the paint it's all blue
all right I'm we get to work here just
got to the office today is a early
morning session writing session that's
why only my car Joe's car and Casey's
cars here are usually we don't write so
early in the morning we have an 8 to 10
meeting which is why I have to get up at
like 6:30 usually we're riding from 1 to
3 but because today we're having kind of
like an end-of-year update a JK update
meeting where all the departments get to
brief each other on what's going on like
the movie department the interior design
departments and we get a lot of things
change in the office take a party taking
immersion all the different departments
are gonna come together and kind of
brief each other at the end of the year
what we've all been working on kind of
get each other excited and because of
that that pushed our writing meeting all
the way up in the morning which is cool
cuz now we got so much more out of the
day because after that the writing is
from 8:00 to 10:00 intended to is the
department update meeting and afterwards
I'm gonna pick up another gun okay so
it's gonna be a very productive day and
then you get to probably wrap early and
go home around 6:00 and be with my boy
Wow
look at all the people in here I can't
even remember the last time we had all
of the JK staff together in one room
this is crazy how many people are there
there's one two three four five six
seven eight nine ten let's all think
that's about the pain this is awesome
finally putting our conference room to
use I know for the first time I know
we've had this poker table for like two
years now and we haven't even used it
while they used at one time but we
haven't used I already know what it
looks like so the cover is always on it
are you guys excited for this meeting
who's gonna be giving us updates today
yeah the department has what were the
department heads
JK news merch else social media who else
the team okay Jake your party me Casey
and Joe we're gonna talk about the movie
okay who else any other departments
office space nice and I'm a terrier
design which is in the movie I meet
Casey and Jo are talking about the movie
awesome so many updates days it's gonna
be awesome
and we even got snacks and four toasters
or two but four holes Oh Shawn I thought
you were here the whole time
shit nice motherfuckin pizza why did you
have to bring pizza for our company
lunch
I know oh oh
protein I think I gave this one because
it's all protein are you one slice I
have my meal preps though
are you gonna eat what are you doing
you're drinking on the job
Yeah right
I'm with Nadine right now where I am Oh
Bros and Cerritos you know about
look like a girl security you got a
buzzer said just the door Amanda buzzes
I love them on that picture security
because it makes me feel extra safe wow
that's a pretty big store there are all
these guns and bags and targets all kind
of stuff oh hello so I'm meeting up with
someone hey nice to meet you I met you
before Matt I've been good 17 smart guy
yeah SCARA the MPX the legions yeah so I
got in trouble I wasn't supposed to film
in there got the shot off the camera
abruptly but now I'm back outside
because to complete the paperwork in
California at least you need to have two
forms of ID bonus which is your driver's
license and the other one is usually
like a utility bill or a car
registration something to show your
address because they really want to make
sure that
want to make sure that you live or you
live where you say you live so that kept
they could always trace guns back to our
residents back to an or no that's all I
like all these security precautions for
me what I would like to see is have the
strictest of the strict rules and
awesome paper trail for you to get a gun
but also once you pass all of these
things which means you're able to create
triple or even quadruple check but once
you get people to pass it they make the
buy any gun they want because it shows
how responsible they're not a felon
they're mentally psychologically they're
clean record and you have like twenty
points of reference in terms of like a
politician watching this in California
let's make some changes let's put
firearms and the hands of law-abiding
people citizens and that way we can keep
guns really off the streets right now
it's it's easy for criminals to get guns
and it's really hard for law but is this
get guns which doesn't make any sense
look how beautiful
sunset is in front of
get that
so while I was driving home today it
just felt like such a nice day but
it's 34 but it's 105 degrees so it's
actually really warm out right now but
there's a slight breeze so it feels kind
of good
yeah I was asking Bob pair him up going
to go for a drive again a yeah
so now
we actually have no destination we're
just gonna drive towards the mountains
and we brought take them alight go with
us and we brought the dogs and we're
just gonna go for a random driving just
enjoy this weather because it's actually
really really nice I thought I'd never
say this I didn't maybe it's because
it's not humid but it just feels good to
have this warmth touch touch my skin so
yeah maybe because I've been stuck in an
office all day there's nothing but a sea
this feels very artificial but I feel
like my body's craving Sun of some sort
and it really looks like yeah it's like
10 shades darker yeah there's a little
bit of Sun left so maybe you can catch
some of it I could feel the heat I feel
a I can feel the Sun we'll see where we
end up okay so what's up from the back
seat of the BMO Bo we have Tyco malaika
over here and he's strapped in the right
way guys now I know what the hell you
guys are talking about at first I
thought you guys were talking about how
we strapped him strapped the car seat
into the thing because this is a newer
car so it's literally like it has like
these adapters you plug it right it's
like two little things or to see if the
seat belts like him speak you plug it
directly into the car seat here but you
guys were actually talking about how
he's sitting on this thing let me see
you baby you know let me show them yeah
on this thing he had his leg up above
here we're idiots and I've told you guys
plenty of times that were you don't know
what we're doing but no tragedies
happened I was able to figure it out
and tyka is comfortable I just
adjusted his little car seat cushion to
a bigger size because I have a long boy
so it's really cool that he looks more
comfy now because he fits in it better
opposed to being smashed how he was
before look at him he wants nothing to
do with the camera so I'm gonna take it
out of his face sleeping no he just woke
up he was sleeping I think he's about to
get hungry yeah
but yeah that's my favorite part right
here my little bubble toes but both toes
are my favorite
we ended up going nowhere I was trying
to find this lookout point where I'm in
Pasadena Oak you needed a hand at her
flat cells trying to yell so I surprise
you so I went camping ahead of their
flats before and the only way that I
know up there is a three and a half mile
hike which I did before and I always
thought that there was a driving route
from another way like the backside so
that's what I was trying to go and I was
gonna surprise you know I thought it'd
be really cool to you me and Tyga I was
able to look at the city yeah we drove
up there and I guess there is no driving
road at least not that I can find online
so we just got to the base of it which
there's no way we're gonna add it's
close there's nobody gonna hike uphill
three and a half miles but we did get to
cruise around and look at a lot of
really nice Pasadena homes and so now
we're just gonna head back now to cool a
little CUNY Drive that's cold even just
drive through Pasadena cuz at least the
air is fresher up here that were right
into the mountains I was afraid it was
CUNY just to break up the break
like we always do the same thing the
routine yeah I think just to kind of
throw something into the mix like makes
a significant difference yeah an adult
really liked it even though they didn't
get out need to smell different scents -
I'm sure their noses are going bananas
that's true so now it's time to go home
look at how cute Tyco is it is little
car seat just bar you freaking bozo
little bubble toes a little freaking
Bobo toes I'm gonna drink him with the
boba straw what are you talking about
yes boba toes buttons look at these
little Bo but you little cutie he's
foaming at the mouth does he get his
rabies shots you need a rabies shots
young man how come I so grumpy looking
why are you so grumpy cuz you wanna be
in this thing fine let's get him out
here let's get them out here dude push
the buttons push the buttons get them
out of here
let's get him out of here mama he's
tired of being in here actually not
tired that's true he actually likes it
yeah you are
what is that oh stop it is way B's keep
pushing it in and out of your mouth oh
well though come on let's get out of
here
get them out of here yeah I love you
went white baby hungry your ice
Oh baby young one little taste no no you
can have your knee you can't no stop yes
stop it I'm gonna get you stop the
camera
I quit my seat I'm 1 years old okay high
five
no hat by 50 hanging bro okay closing it
out
all right good night
