so cut to that night he comes over we're
about to talk about how we feel and
whatnot even though I know how he feels
about me and um I know how I feel about
him like I remember the sweater your way
really was it when you're away my
sweater
each one was a UCLA so ah really yeah
you I don't know how you had it maybe
that's cause he went snowboarding or
something but you needed a sweater and
so when I came over as soon as the door
opened they're like like that and it was
my sweater that was like my first
attempt to like break the ice again cuz
I was shittin bricks I was so nervous
and like I hate that tension in the room
like I I'm like the tension breaker
cutter person so I like I knew I was
completely nervous I knew you were gonna
be completely nervous I was like fuckin
I'm just gonna balled out like I'm just
gonna do it listen is I opened or I I
don't know why Ivan did this but I was
just like ahh and I just like put my
arms out like this no this was like the
first time we ever hugged we hugged for
like a good like romantically yeah yeah
hug like friends like you know like said
yeah like that was a long time no time
no see it okay all right cool all right
yeah we did one of those but this time
it was like this it was like this yeah I
was all it was all like that but then I
remember I was like two hands are going
down to the head that didn't happen
no no that didn't happen but we did
hugged and it was like a nice like chest
to chest hug and we were like and it was
really nice and and then I'll think I
cool all right so he hugged me back this
is great and then we were sitting on the
couch and now we were about to start the
conversation about how we like each
other and whatnot and then we finally
got that thing out of nowhere yeah yeah
and then we were like okay so we like
each other and you know what do we do
now like how our friends gonna react
what's gonna happen and and we sorted
all that out and then it was like okay
cool now we can relax so the whole thing
we were talking we're just like it was
very business actually yeah cuz we were
just fucking nervous because it was like
it was like oh we wanted to like each
other so much and were like oh all these
emotions
and then we let go like I so now let's
talk about this so I do remember is that
you have a proposal two months ago
yeah actually feel look into the
PowerPoint presentation this is this is
the very moment that I actually started
falling for you and that this I look at
the graph chart my emotions were rising
the first quarter second quarter plateau
a little bit third quarter you text me
again and away what up again so uh yeah
no we were talking about really like
we're talking like adults
you're already older at the time we
weren't like in high school so I think
we got all of the like high school games
college games out the door we both
college graduate so it we came at it
like very adult-like like if your
parents were to like I guess start
dating again like they won't fuck around
they wouldn't be like doing stupid games
is like yo how much money your Mike I
have how you have how you have car I
have car okay let's get married yeah
yeah yeah sorry thanks butter bean boom
yeah so those like that we just like
talk to everything through to our
lifestyles match how are we gonna
approach it to our friends and then I'd
be but boom bada boom bada bing but boom
we're moving exactly so then that
conversation was over and I was like
okay cool now we can kind of melt into
each other and we can just start
watching movies and it was like one of
these things happen right and then I was
like oh why isn't he kissing me or doing
anything we've already said that like we
like each other what's going on sounds
like ah fuck this I can't take it
anymore
so then I started like kissing his neck
I gave him one peck I then keep you
little sneaky snake that he didn't move
right so like cool alright I could I was
petrified like you heard big bonus oh no
I was enjoying the moment then he kissed
me on the neck other you did that hand
thing that Joey's does yeah yeah anyway
so then I kissed him once right and I
was like still screaming in my own and I
was like oh
that's exactly what's happening and then
I'm like all right
fuck all right I just give him a kiss on
the neck cuz that's just stupid then I
gave him another kiss like like more to
like on his jaw jaw line right here
booth and he yeah pretty smooth and then
he still wasn't moving he was all like
Alice I was only paralyzed I like it's
like when you're in a coma then you can
see everything going on you're like oh
and then I was like fuck he's not
kissing me back like I'm giving him all
the right signs but fuck it whatever
maybe he really likes it I'm just you
going haha the whole time you're like oh
get off me
and then I kissed him like on the corner
of his mouth that was the dozen funny
one why cuz you kissed me specifically
on the spot where our lips can touch but
not to the point where it was on the
mouth so that it was like it was weird
it was are you perfectly tease yeah it
was like so close here so far he's one
of those things maybe I got game for
days please
and then what happen up that's how you
got me takes a lot of game to get me did
you hear that just heard a lot of noise
everywhere was cheering silence no
anyway yeah and then uh and then we
kissed I still consisting first you son
of a bitch let's go kiss him first and
then I was like oh shit and it didn't
happen like in the movies where like the
stage finally kissed and then they're
like take it off their shirt like
fucking doing all that stuff it was just
very innocent very romantic very cute
and then and then we kissed and then we
just like we melted into each other
again but it was very very cute that's
true that's how I remember - yeah but
it's hard like I I thought it was really
hard for that like I've been around
enough guy friends to see what like
bullshit girls put them through and like
I know they always like are playing all
like these mind games
James and and sending all these mixed
signals so because I already knew that
and like my closest circle of homies
were majority dudes um I was like
alright I'm not gonna be that girl and
I'm not gonna beat around the bush and I
know this like I know Bart's gonna be
under a lot of pressure because he
doesn't know how long feeling and
whatnot so I was like oh I'm just gonna
I'm just gonna put it out there like
this is stupid
I want shit to happen so I gotta make it
happen
and I'm glad yeah I think it's really
good that you came straight forward we
didn't fuck around pike and stuff like
that then that would like put a lot more
months on the timeline and I want to add
it like what you do in the beginning is
truly a foundation for how the
relationship is later on if you like so
in the beginning if you're fucking
around you're playing games all the time
that's what your relationship is based
off of
so later six months down the line those
reminiscence are still gonna be there
and then you're still gonna have like
little games and you can't build a
complete like strong foundation if you
guys just been fucking around all day
yeah but because we were straightforward
and really business and really like and
really like um my chart shows that 85%
of my heart is actually yours yeah like
you're very like cool minded from the
beginning no I did it was a front though
cuz the whole time ocean breaks I know
every worship we're trying to keep our
emotions at bay and then try to use our
logic fine but up until this day we can
talk to each other about anything
without worrying about hurting each
other's feelings because of that and I
feel like our relationship only get
stronger and stronger over all these
years which is five now this month I had
to crazy because of that because this is
I think this is also the first relation
right and really play game either it was
just straight up like she told me she
liked me and all that you know I feel
the same way it wasn't one of those like
cuz usually when someone pours our heart
out you have the upper hand so they're
like hey I'm feeling you you could let
ah and you like you know what I'm gonna
wait two hours before I text oh that
would have killed so let me do all these
games right but because of that like as
soon as I saw all that I gotta let her
know nothing actually the same way and
so I think these things is is what's
letterfine our relationship and I'm
really happy that things played out the
way it did
- and you made the first move and I
don't feel like less of a man
no you shouldn't feel like less of a man
at all no more of a player but let's not
listen man
because the bitches come to you know go
to the bitches hey so right anyway I
hope I was able to shed some light for
you ladies out there to understand what
the gentlemen have to go through so
don't don't look round hopefully my
name's with them and gentlemen same same
thing goes to you don't play games with
girls that pour their heart to you if
you're not to love them and they say I
love you so much
she'd be like sorry girl I ain't really
filling you and don't waste anybody's
time so if you would like to hear the
same uh what is it the same the same
story but from Bart's perspective
oh right cuz he always is if you would
like to see how Bart saw that first kiss
go down please go ahead and visit he's
tunnel but until next time y'all bye for
those of you that didn't know Bart was
away to Korea for about a good solid ten
days part of this YouTube Music Awards
thing and that holds him that he was
gone I was missing him terribly
