hey what's up beautiful people a long
time no see
so December 25th is is approaching and
if you guys have seen any of our first
relationship videos um we say that
that's when it's our anniversary and
that's when we got together so this
December 25th Christmas Day is gonna
mark our five-year anniversary I just
say like that like it's our five here no
no no no no I just couldn't find the
right word that I wanted to say G
nostrils are flaring too like five year
I just had two Donuts okay I'm just
having a hard time breathing anyway so
because I anniversary is approaching it
made me like go back and like reminisce
about like our beginnings so our very
first relationship video we talked about
how we first got together and it was
like this magical experience where all
the stars aligned and the birds and the
doves kept giving us all these crazy
signs to be together be together be
together so um it made me think about
our first kiss mm-hmm no and what if
that was funny was that I had to make
the freshman oh really
what's so funny about that because I
just felt like there was so much like
built up and so much passion and so much
fire that I had for you because we were
like flirting back and forth from others
called out warning no I didn't want to
like bond you or anything I don't wanna
have sex with you that's clear
haha no it was like past that like I
feel like there's lust and then there's
love gonna mean and a lot of confuse the
two so they're like oh my god I can't
stop thinking about this kind of kiss
I'm thinking about this boy won't but
when they're really thinking about this
person they're just thinking about the
butt ass naked and then just all the
freaky shit that they want to do
together and they call that love you
know and I don't think the best look I
mean that's a aspect of love but I think
if you're basing it off of that and like
you're like damn they're so good in bed
and like the sex is great and like
you're like but I love them no I think
you're just a horny mofo and you're
confusing it um well in my defense the
reason why I didn't make the first move
is because I thought the same way like I
was I think when we first started
talking
we first started talking um
well obviously so I some background
information we we're friends for like
three or four years already right so
when we first started talking we didn't
start from Ground Zero we already knew
each other pretty well
yeah I knew I hated him but now we're
starting from a romantic but we're
starting on a romantic journey with all
the information that we already knew
about each other so it wasn't one of
those things where like if we fuck this
up
cool I mean like I just move on to the
next he was just a stranger and then
he'll just be a stranger again it wasn't
like that it was a Oh watch my crew huh
yeah yeah so it wasn't one of those it
wasn't like fucking seven steps or
whatever it was okay how do steps with
it I don't know oh but it was like we
were we were good friends and then we
were decided to take this risk of
jeopardizing our friendship so I didn't
want to just like be impulsive and do
whatever I felt I wanted to take it
really slowly in like every step that we
took I was completely confident that it
was making the right move and I was like
watching my back and covering all
grounds so well that's nice of you to do
that but hey I know gossip or Nia's lips
I need some Kissin oh that word on say
no not at all
but no doubt it up but um I I just
remember like you said you know we were
we were courting each other for a few
months and it was like this buildup of
just like oh my god it wasn't like oh my
god I want to bone this person it was
just like I just wanted like touch his
hand like I just want to feel what it
feels like to be like hugged by this guy
did you go hug that day yeah I know but
but it wasn't like I don't know I just
wanted more I just wanted to connect it
to you on like a completely like
intimate level and I feel like a kiss is
like super intimate I don't know all
everyone else views it but for me it's a
super intimate thing that's exchanged
between two people nowadays is not
intimate taking the ass you know ratchet
people are these days but all the songs
they're fucking crazy what's not one
song by like Judd raike or a little way
something like as long as my bitches
love me that's supposed to be a love
song really is my little Wayne like as
long as my bitches love me like that's
all that really matters doesn't like he
can go on with the world like back then
it would have been really poetic like um
all I need is love or like what's not
one song son or like this house um it's
a micro by temptation where like it
feels like spring tower like pretty much
it's a like winters feels like summer
summer it feels like winter or like
there's butterflies yeah that like that
mean all they need is love but now
they're saying that as long as my
bitches love me yeah so as long as
bitches love me that I've got what I
wanted
well that it's not romantic anymore so
yeah it's not a man yeah yeah yeah so
because of that I was kind of scared
like I didn't want to just just go ahead
and just put my dick in her but you know
I just want to make sure I wanted to
make sure that everything was was done
yeah but I felt like it was just taking
too damn long because all right so check
it out this is what happened so we were
we were flirting back and forth via text
right we were flirting back and forth
for a few months and none of us really
wanted to admit to the other one
flirting to the other one and no one
ever wanted to reveal that hey I like
you so it was more like like we both
knew we were fooling each other but we
were just like well maybe they might not
be filming me as much as they are so we
were playing it completely safe right
and even then I still broke the ice haha
does what happened was I remember
exactly where I was and how I said it
because that was like the moment that
like butterflies exploded out of every
orifice of my frickin body are you
always hiding my orifices for neon bitch
hey anyway so this is what happened with
this story so I was I was working my
bank job right and I was walking on Oh
around like the black the bank floor and
I kept texting him like oh yeah you know
like we just kept like shooting the shit
back and forth but obviously flirting
and then I said this and I was like oh
my god I can't believe I'm about to
write this but fuck it he has to know
cuz he's taking too fucking long and I'm
not getting the answers that I need to
be getting so I need to step up to the
plate fuck it I'm just gonna swing and
hopefully at the home run alright so I
said um I don't know why but I keep I've
you've been on my mind a lot
you are yo yo yo hey if you haven't seen
that video you gotta go check it out
it's called little kid stutters for a
minute not much sorry anyway so I said
that right and I press send the text
disappeared and it went over to his
phone and I was like oh shit I can't
believe I just said that
oh my god I probably ruined our
relationship because like he said we've
been friends for like three or four
years prior to this oh my god I hope he
doesn't get offended so I just I sent it
and I was like my heart's racing like
fuck what am I gonna do
so this is me already breaking eyes but
I already said I know I'm filling you I
feel like you're filling me I'm just
gonna put it out there and see what
happens because this mofo wasn't doing
jack shit
and then he replies replies didn't
initiate you replied I think they got
the point
yeah so I went first whispers
recognition second one second okay and I
was and then here he said um he says uh
yeah I feel the same way and then I was
just like like a playa oh yeah yeah so
much dust on each dollies yeah so then
he said then I like oh boy and I was
like hella excited so that was the first
time I made the move right to initiate
some shit to pop off you know cuz I like
when that pops off anyway and uh and
then I think that night it's not I know
I'm stupid that night are like a couple
nights later I was like okay this is
ridiculous we keep flirting nothing's
happening like what are we doing you
need to come to my place tonight and we
just need to talk about this so cut to
the nighttime again I made the first
move so boss
I hope this is a lesson to a lot of
girls out there because I was really
fortunate because of the games that
girls usually play guys always have to
make the first move right but that what
Gio did to a lot of your girls out there
and I'm sure a lot of guys can't vouch
for this was a huge headache eraser
because if two people are filling each
other one person should just come out
and just make the first move and usually
it's the guy that does it but because
Gio came out and did it first it
probably saved like three more months of
just fucking around and danced around
the bush oh cool
yes I was really happy that you guys you
did that thank you babe yeah cuz I was
just like I like this guy a lot I just
need to make something happen like
something needs to happen he nice either
reject me or love me like I can't my
heart just can't hate you
