oh my goodness what is up beautiful
people
it's been a freaking minute I have
posted a fitness video and finally I get
to do it in my own home barbell brigade
and this is my max effort lower body day
if you guys follow Bart you guys
probably already saw that he posted this
because this is actually about three or
four weeks old but Here I am again and
I've heard a lot of comments from you
guys saying that you guys want to see
more workouts of Here I am I am working
on the very famous Louis Simmons
conjugate system or the west side
barbell conjugate method and Here I am
doing box squats and the reason why you
want to do box squats or the benefit of
box squats is that a lot of us struggle
with squads and a box squat is just one
of the many variations of squats out
there but this one is highly highly
highly emphasized and became super
popular advice Louie Simmons because not
only does it enforce proper technique it
develops hip power and it is a lot safer
and I always want to show you guys my
fills just cuz everyone starts somewhere
I started somewhere I was in a natural
the hover and then we move on to there
was a brief Bart face we move on to rep
pools and the main reason you want to do
rock pools there's a lot of reasons to
do it some people tell y'all it's to
improve deadlift it's it's to improve
form it's just different things but I am
specifically using it to make my
deadlifts stronger and the reason why
this works it's because it's a shorter
range of motion so it allows you to
actually load up as you can see here
three plates that I am like oh my god I
can't believe I did that and I totally
didn't high-five anyone but normally
there's no way in hell that I'm
gonna be pulling three plates so it
allows you to load up your muscles and
it tells your mouth
hey muscles getting used to this
 feeling cuz you're gonna
feel this pretty damn soon
so that when you actually do try to go
for three plates it your muscles aren't
like so sure to injure motion allows for
heavier weight not only that but since
their ego fail he would have to be also
today is push day of a body and as you
can see here I am doing incline bench
press works out a little bit different
muscles from a flat bench press
