happy Thanksgiving everyone
so right now it's a time for you to be
happy and grateful and thankful for
everything that's positive and green in
your life and I know I definitely am
grateful for a lot of things in my life
big or small no matter what even even
bad bad times that I've had in my life
for any sort of Phillies that I've had
at least this year I'm completely
grateful for those because I've learned
a great deal but one of the greatest
things that I am the most grateful for
is this guy right here and I'm sorry I
don't want to get all cheesy and get all
mushy with you guys because if you know
anything about me I think that's
definitely her she has yeah I don't like
that she doesn't even know how to
pronounce h ug doesn not know what
anymore that's no no it spells slap you
in the face you're homosexual that
sounds that sounds more like okay but
all joking aside and definitely grateful
for you I've learned so much this year
alone just with with having you in my
life if you're someone that I definitely
look up to you really like what oh god
it's so wrong I think it's gonna be
better why why is this Laura for you to
express your feelings behind this like
you don't know very measure to give a
big shoes no I do not if you see me deal
with puppies and dogs and they don't
come out with me with me I know I'm
pretty affectionate with you not too bad
they don't see that okay fine you didn't
know we call each other disease and with
the biz if you have a bear cave and
we're like yeah that was the first video
that I like what the hell happened to
that G Oh fine why she's still here and
where is mother Jackie trying to be a
rockstar know I've always wanted a
leather jacket but I'll do that
the video but I finally got it but I'm
not even grateful for that I could care
less about that sighs I'm grateful for
you what I was saying was this past year
alone I've learned so much and have
gained so much more confidence in myself
just by the way you deal with life
situations and and how you talk to
people and how you just how you execute
different things and and I've just
learned so much from you really yeah
like you're a really patient guy right
and and like where certain situations
happen and I'm already like my blood is
pulling on my closet and I can do
something like that and I'm like so
primitive in my thinking but you're more
like won't wait a minute maybe you know
this guy like you know you just had a
rough life or he's probably having a bad
day you know just like you know no Mike
that's so true
I'm so Chuck I'm such a primitive
kindergarten kid oh yeah I'm definitely
an animal not in a good way
yeah so that's that's definitely what
I'm grateful for I'm thankful for you
well I'm glad that you learned that and
you're not so much of a primitive animal
anymore I mean it's not my moment but
you ever want to do is one of rich
people's faces off yeah I don't know why
no and I've never even been tested and
I've never been in a fight so I guess
gets crazies just sit though seriously
for example when we're driving right um
I'm not even gonna talk about your
driving
I'll see that 400 video but just if I'm
driving and like this bike someone cuts
me off I'm like what the hell freaking
why would you do that oh my god and it's
like my whole world is just like falling
upside down to this one person decided
not to use the blinker and like tries to
like change me in front of me and he's
like well who knows maybe they have an
emergency or something or they have to
take a really bad shit and then just
like saying like they have to take a
really bad shit I get like this funny in
my head like they're like I know they're
just trying to drive really fast like
the nearest box and oh my god it's
pretty funny
all right thanks babe thanks for
teaching me teaching me you're your Jedi
ways of my thinking person space do you
think you person is the way even even
just like um I know haven't posted a lot
of these but like my fitness videos part
just Bart was like always for like the
past four years
now we're going on five with the past
four years this poor guy
always always always always always push
me and not like in a very forceful like
about to turn me off about retraining in
general like you would just he'd be very
strategic about trying to put me in a
gym and like trying to teach me how to
weight train and whatnot but I was
always like so scared and I was just
like really self-conscious like no
there's too many guys over there and oh
no I'm gonna get hurt and I don't want
big muscle side we've always like really
closed minded when it came to that and
he like was still very persistent he saw
whatever potential he saw he was like no
I'm gonna keep trying to like have her
do this and now look at me I'm freaking
addicted like we have barbell brigade we
have her first competition maybe maybe
but that let her know let her know in
the comments so she's on the fence about
China or not trying out by like
competing in this power that they made
in January let her know if you should do
it in the comments
they're not gonna know because I don't
even post videos of me working out
anymore just all over the channel all of
January see and that's another thing I'm
so happy and grateful for is the fact
that like Bart's the type of person that
there is no such thing as a barrier like
if you want something fuck it if you
have to swim if you have to let
something just fuck it
no like not literally fuck it cuz that's
that's bad but if you want something bad
enough then just go ahead and do it no
matter what it takes or how much it cost
or what balls you have to break he he's
like such an encouraging person and not
just not just with me just in general
like he's if he sees that you want
something he's always gonna push you to
move forward and and try to get that
accomplished and that's one thing that
I'm like so grateful for because anytime
I've given him like any hints of
something that I want to do he's like
let's do it
I remember one Christmas I'll or one one
one year I was like hey I want to take
up photography he went like this and we
were both super flat broke like we were
like paying off much debt and like I had
to quit my my day job and were you doing
I think I was doing her oh no it's cool
okay I was so I was bloody graduation
yeah completely broke but he managed to
scrape up all his loose change and all
his NIC goals and like he like managed
to gather all his money and he like
surprised me and he bought me a DSLR and
I was like oh he heard that I wanted to
take up photography like okay well I'm
gonna facilitate that first and then
there was this other time where um I got
approached about doing like this
modeling thing in like another state and
normally from my past experiences with
other boyfriends they're like no you
know you can't trust people and you know
you don't want a daughter before a rape
you exactly like they just put like
negative thoughts in in your head which
is normal when the majority does that
you're just trying to play it safe I get
it but he's more like unconventional
thinking where it's like look it I'll
just go with you if you want to do it
let's just try it what what harm can be
done like if he tries to rape you I'm
just gonna fuck his ass up like that
makes sense
and then I didn't and I met like the
coolest person and now he's like my
brother and and and it's all due to this
gentleman over here
and I mean I can just go on and on and
on and on and on and on and on forever
about how grateful I am to have you in
my life and my family absolutely loves
you and yeah I think they love you more
than you yeah
in my culture seriously if you're a
boyfriend or a girlfriend going into
this new family no way in hell are you
supposed to like first of all make like
make the first move to make any sort of
caught like physical contact with your
elders right like I did feel that when I
wanted to you're your family's house
like all the dudes are like super much
used ones are like sitting there at me
they all give each other space but even
they can't all be brothers but there's
still like hey ask me the forest feel
like all right no no it's different when
it's no once you've been accepted into
the family or if your family already
like they're more like yeah come on and
they'll do stuff like that but if you're
a newcomer into their family and you're
trying to beat their daughter like you
sticking out your hands to like say hi
that's already like oh so you think you
think we're at this level now or you can
like get a get a handshake from me like
you think Brad this level so that's
that's their mentality there's super
old-school but he went in there he's
like hey what's up mr. so-and-so he's
not shaking his head and stuff and like
now he's like hugs up he's not calling a
pop and I'm just like every time I hear
I'm just like cool guy like my dad's
gonna freakin kill him
no I'm Uncle Sam I guess so you know it
work cuz you're like a charming mofo cuz
they freaking love the crap out of you
he even compared my mom's hair to to a
freakin dog and this dogs already passed
away this dog passed away but I didn't
compare your mom's hair to a dog color
ever mom's hair - the color of that well
this day my mom is super soaked on my
mom's a whole other sport but she's
super self-conscious about her freakin
hair and and now she like till this day
this happened like a few years ago to
this day she's like I can't believe
parts that my hair looks like the dog
the color looks like that of the color
of a dog so which is a compliment
because she's uh because she dyed her
hair and it looks very natural because
it's naturally occurring in dogs I don't
know whatever she did a good job
dining even though he did that they
still love the crap out of him and
they're always asking about Amy Rosa
Cole where's Bart now husband Oh make
sure you tell Bridget and gov and I'm
like okay cool well sure it's my
birthday before you know he got a cake
for his birthday I didn't get a cake for
my family so yummy yeah a chocolate cake
was like last free stuff it was and it
was like from this bakery that I
absolutely love and her mom knew that I
loved her
you're too hard to please that's why
maybe maybe that's she maybe I'm too
high-maintenance but it's all that being
said I know it sounds like I'm
complaining but I'm definitely not and
I'm super grateful and I'm beyond
floored that my family loves him just as
much as I do because I would be
completely devastated if someone that I
loved as much as this very
furriness next to me didn't love them
the same places so yes I hope you guys
are having a wonderful holiday and I
hope you guys are laughing smiling and
just probably nothing but love in your
heart um but sorry just so short but
until next time for those of you that
didn't know Bart was away to Korea for
about a good solid ten days part of this
YouTube Music Awards thing and that
holds him that he was gone I was missing
him terribly
