yeah and he didn't even remember to give
it to people I had to bring it out no I
gave it to you I gave you the most
important person first I give me this
acute beanie give these two socks and I
gave you some other things have to come
with us I don't know but I feel like I'm
not the only one that like experiences
this because I've had a lot of
girlfriends that are like hey when I'm
away from my boyfriend
they don't even live together but then
they're like when I wit when I'm away
from my boyfriend I'm actually going to
the gym more I'm like taking care of
this I joined this class I'm doing these
activities I know is that just a common
problem in females that it seems like it
seems like this is a disorder that many
females yeah and it's called they care
for their men way too fucking much they
care for them man by destroying the
house and not getting out of bed that's
not true it's not even that bad how come
the house is so clean when I'm gone I
don't even get the experience because
you're the one that dirties it when it
comes back when you can what did I do
what what did I do to 230th when you
came back yeah what I do nothing a lot
of stuff what okay for example so we got
this puppy that we're taking care of I
call her Big E for those of you that
have no idea what I'm talking about
visit my Instagram you're gonna see that
I rescued this poor little puppy from a
really shitty situation so she's been at
my house I've been potty training her I
get her these peep at right and I
already know the routine of like
sometimes she doesn't like aim correctly
so the pule then on the floor and I
already have like a little station this
is when you weren't even here I had this
station on the TV staff that had like
the disinfectant all like the floor
cleaner everything that I needed just to
to take care of that situation as soon
as he comes he puts the stuff in like
three different locations
it's like messed up all over the place
and I'm like what are you doing I had
like a perfect system going on right
here but as soon as you come you spread
everything all over the place I can't
find anything anymore and you leave it
half-assed
plus he freaking left the paper that we
were cleaning like her stuff with on the
like near the dogs or something and then
like they destroyed everything so you
mean you did that the second time I did
that by accident but if you hear
yourself correctly those are only three
things I'm over the way the pine saw
but I'm saying that's the extent of my
dirtiness this is not it's not of my
dirtiness is my everything then the
whole house is on lock just the way you
left it except for three things I might
have misplaced no I just gave you a
small example if you want me to continue
I okay so as soon as he came back he
likes to drink like these weird shapes
or he likes to eat these little snack
protein shakes that's how I got bee
sting sorry what is that what stretch
marks yeah all right um so he likes to
make like these little concoctions in
the kitchen and it's like one spoon the
entire sink is completely new spoons
thanks to saw use spoons whatever
whatever you tell you mean use a spoon
okay uses a fork to stir shit I don't
use the deport when this is last I'm
using music school any time that the
sink is clean he manages to get
something that he needs to use till
either drink mix stir eat with okay and
like as soon as he's done instead of
washing it he just leaves it there and
I'm like why would you do that it's
completely clean what the hell are you
doing if it's completely clean I'll wash
them immediately bull-fucking-shit
exactly bull-fucking-shit anyway that's
just the kitchen situation I just got to
leave a knife writing to the board jumps
in the wind yeah okay that's the kitchen
situation I don't know that do leave
things in the kitchen or if he doesn't
even in a kitchen stink this is what
he's really famous for and it Balkan
drives me bananas famous from all over
the land yes all over the west coast is
what he does so this is what he does if
there's milk or cereal or anything that
comes in a container if he finishes the
contents that are in this container
instead of being normal and courteous
and clean
and throwing out this empty package that
no longer contains any sort of yumminess
what he loves to do he likes to put it
right back where he got it from
for example the milk he finishes the
milk why does he put the milk carton
back in the fucking refrigerator
why do you do that don't you find it
cute
no it drives me freaking bananas it's so
annoying or if there's like a bag of
chips I was like oh man cool like we got
chips I'm kind of hungry let me chew on
these chips or whatever I open it up
it's just crumbs I'm not who the hell
would do this or those comes up me oh
I'm fucking all crumbs anyway
that's what he does that's the kitchen
situation so all I hear so far are crumb
action spoon action and some ducklings
apply action that does not destroy the
house that I rarely make a footprint in
the house when I come through stupid
really I hate you so much if we could
take a surveillance camera and so we get
our house clean by these professionals
like once a month right and when they
come through they clean the place like
it's a commercial like just a brand-new
home apartment that's how good they
clean within a week if you look at my
side of the sink it's the way that it's
intended to look for her she'll have
like little point mints little things
all place that all up on the side and my
footprint is usually not even the
smidgen as small as the footprint that
she leaves okay so you're saying I these
beauty products that I used daily on the
side pretty organized when you should
see his side yes there's nothing right
there's nothing there but he fails to
mention as a fucking splash marks all
over the entire mirror there's two
toothpaste all over my side his side and
on the bathtub side I'm like how the
hell does it even get there the floor
that he steps on is full of toothpaste
because what he does he like he is
really know how precious teen he like
wants to destroy his teeth in his mouth
and what happens is I don't even know
how this happens but the
- rips down his forearm from his elbow
starts dripping on the floor I don't
even know how that happens I've never
seen that live but he manages to do that
there's all this water all over the
floor
he was wearing shoes inside the house I
know she was in that house does that
he's wearing shoes inside the house
dirty ass shoes okay I at least wear
slippers i watch slippers to know you
were they these slippers that you're
wearing my hair fell in the face so
dirty anyway and then the water that
he's dripping from his fucking elbow get
on the floor he's wearing his dirty ass
outdoor slippers and then it mixes with
the water in the dirt and now he's
leaving these footprints so yeah that's
the stuff that you did it's a bunch of
how do you brush your teeth without
getting the toothpaste very carefully oh
I don't want to destroy the teeth in my
mouth I don't either but there's I
always does a kid I don't know how to
stop it
I don't know that's that's for another
video tutorial that that we have - so
then you know it's not my fault I really
don't know how I've been trying to stop
that for years well no it is your fault
because if you know that's gonna happen
and you might want to put like a floor
mat underneath your dirty ass feet where
do I get the floor mats from oh boy you
don't know what how to get foot why why
is that cuz someone takes care of your
ass all the time you put all the floor
mats a what do you put in that stupid if
you ask me well the nunchucks are you
crazy
so yeah that's the kind of shit he does
to me all the time all the time what
it drives me bananas so what do you
think the best solution is that
eventually we get a house that there's
two bathrooms well I mean that wasn't
even the topic at hand the topic at hand
was that I miss you terribly when you're
gone I'm super productive you know what
I just figured it out I understand why
I'm super productive because there's not
a bunch of little shit that I have to
pick up after all the holiday
because my toothpaste is always there
you know wipe it clean know when you're
stupid I just give up every single night
I'm just like forget it okay just get
instead of cleaning this shit all the
time I'm just gonna spend time with you
and show you how much I love you because
I just enjoy your company so much breath
smells this way No
you stupid jerk I hate you I love it too
but anyway so if you lot would like to
hear how Bart sees my productivity go
ahead and visit his channel for his
ridiculously full of live video beats
babe I'm hungry I want me to what do you
want to eat anything
what do you want oh my watch Apollo I
don't want that no how about some
burgers mmm
holy fuck what do you want to eat then
