hey what's up y'all how to do hanout so
for those of you that didn't know Bart
was away to Korea for about a good solid
ten days part of this YouTube Music
Awards thing and that holds him that he
was gone I was missing him terribly do I
know yeah I always miss you when you're
gone because we live together we've been
living together for so long it's kind of
like you're missing your other half so I
do miss you too a little bit
whatever he missed me so much he just
doesn't know it yet okay but anyway a
funny thing that I realized that every
time he leaves whether it's for a show
booking or for these type of events
where he's gone out of the country I
miss him yes but what happens is I
actually become more productive the
house is cleaner like the chores are
getting done I'm getting a lot more work
done and it's it's very weird
I just sounds like lies to me every time
you okay so convenient
every time I'm gone the houses clean I'm
more plugged up there but then what
that's like
you know that sounds like that sounds
like a kid we're like the moms like why
is your room always so dirty how can we
never do your homework and in the kids I
cuz every time your mom I mean every
time we gone mom I my room is so clean
and I can't I do all my homework wow I
don't even know what that means what
does that mean Oh like it's just like
I'm making it up so I don't even know
what you're saying that's exactly what
I'm saying that's what kids say no but
I'm not lying because there's proof for
example okay so we live on this lot
where we run out to other tenants right
and we kind of have to maintain the
place for these in their tenants because
they're renting from us so all they've
ever asked for were like these lights so
they can see outside when they throw
away their trash for about three solid
years that never got changed because
he's supposed to do the man stuff
the man stuff means the people that come
after the house clean up the yard like
maintain the yard throw all the trash
like the shit that you really get dirty
old man stuff is if there's any burglars
that come and you beat them up if
there's any wild boars that come and you
have to throw a spear at them if there's
any Hawks or Falcons that come and you
have to shoot them right and then in the
real world the stuff that he has to do
is like mow the lawn stuff like that
right even then he doesn't even have to
worry about because we pay someone to
mow them on anyway
so for three years these poor tenants
have been having to walk in the dark
like they don't know what's gonna pop
out of the corner because they can't see
jack they know there's not gonna be any
boars or Falcons popping out of the
corners so while he was in freakin
freakin in Korea I took care of the
entire yard
I like swept everything I picked up a
dog hair it looks beautiful plus added
bonus I added like these lights so now
they're so happy that looks so beautiful
back there but I don't know why it takes
you a million years to get your things
done so when you gone I'm just like
alright I do this this this this and I'm
like I'm like those horses with the
blinders on and I'm just like soul focus
I'm like let's get it done let's do it
Geo but for some reason when he comes
back it's like so you're trying to blame
me no no no so ok no I'm not trying
today I think what happens is when you
come back we get into this comfortable
zone and we're working with each other's
schedules all the time so it's like you
have a hectic schedule I have a hectic
schedule it's like let's try to make our
hectic schedules fit each other there's
a couple things here and there that
we're gonna have to like cut corners
around and stuff for example our clothes
when we get home it's all like we just
throw it all over the place in our house
by we you mean you
is it yes my clothes
that's what my program for my shoes in
the boxes on the shelves that's funny
George stuff everywhere on the floor on
the drawer we can outside on the dog
hanging on the antenna a kids outside
flying a kite with it everywhere this is
good then I think I'm just revealing too
much about myself in but why is it like
that though that's what kind of figure
you say that you're more productive
right why is it that all of a sudden
when I come home you go from like an A+
student to F because of that no I'm not
enough students okay fine not F maybe
like a b-minus then fine that's better
um I don't know I I think I just really
want to spend time with you and I'm
taking your your emotions into
consideration and I'm just trying to
make sure that I build this world of
like flowy barrenness and like I make
everything very pleasant for you by how
dry the clothes are you know your big
freaking snuggler and you love to
frickin snuggle so any time he's just
trying to get me out of bed right little
dopey Nick come on babe get out of bed
who died a bit and I'm like all right
I'm gonna go and then I just stay there
and he's getting ready and as soon as he
walks back in the room and he sees that
I'm still in bed he's like oh you're so
cute I mean it's like jumping bad and
then like hug me I thought I saw a boy
there okay I got do my job you calling
me fat no I said there was a boy are you
calling yourself at oh he's a boy I bet
I'm the only one in bed why would you
mistake me I thought there was a boar my
beautiful hourglass I have to actually I
do my job and you do yours by picking up
the dog for a change the lights that's
not my job that's my job sorry god but
yes I think that's what happened it's
like I get into the bear like what part
of the bear mentality makes you throw
clothes everywhere and not pick up after
yourself
I don't don't clothes everywhere it's
not that's what it looks like no all
that is okay
this is true I do take off my shoes and
it is to place them on the floor
wherever it is that I took them off that
you never know where they are when
you're getting ready to do like hey baby
you're my blue Chuck's are and we're
looking all over the house and you find
that it's in the trunk why is that even
in the truck I don't know did you want
the car back into the house no idea
they're just shoes you know you take
them off because you knew you'd dip one
in the toilet I don't know put some
nacho cheese on the other one my shoes
away because I have a shit ton more
shoes than you do and you just have like
four boxes with these four pairs of
shoes and that's all you got to worry
about you have a shit ton more shoes but
you only wear like two pairs but somehow
the other 15 are everywhere else this
pair of shoes look in JK party and see
how many times you see this and probably
the only other shoe besides it is by a
blue one
I think that's the black one all black
but whatever I don't know it's just
that's just Hobbit plays okay that's
just what happens when you're telling me
that when I leave all of a sudden these
crazy tendencies are gone yes because
I'm so focused on just maintaining the
place and like keeping it looking very
nice and then I think also what happens
is I don't want you to ever have to
worry about what's going on at home and
I want you to understand that like
everything at home is on lock and it's
good and just because you left like the
fort is like it's perfect what's awesome
that the fort's perfect when I'm done
and I can't even enjoy it but you know
it's fucking crazy that's like okay like
hey babe you know what wires gone I made
the best meal every single day it was so
delicious
can't wait for your try it as soon as I
get home you just make me TV dinners
every night no that's not what happened
because as soon as you get home within
the first two minutes
it's a dirty you dirty two minute what
he just said reversed that because
that's what he does he gets home he
throws his luggage on the floor he opens
it like oh no way way way yeah you ain't
I did you know what I did this time I
don't even know if you noticed this time
what I said when I came home from Korea
I unpacked the same day even though I
was really tired by song how clean the
house
what cause I don't want to make a mess
so I unpacked everything even my luggage
you know I hate going back to the shed I
put it in the shed that's true you did
do that
you know what's hilarious about that
statement yes you were able to get your
clothes and put them back and your
luggage and put it back but all your
little souvenirs and stuff is all over
artists go serious right everyone that's
how kind-hearted I am
