hey what's up beautiful people
so how many of you couples out there
have experienced this babe I'm hungry
want me to what do you want to eat
anything no what do you want to paly
i don't know how about some burgers mmm
holy fuck what do you want to eat then
so that's pretty much what happens for
an hour straight two people going back
and forth with stuff that they don't
want to eat and they don't come to any
sort of resolution as to what they want
to eat at the end of the frickin
argument or the back-and-forth they're
both eating some shit that they kind of
really don't want to be eating anyway
this happens to me all the time when
dealing with this gentleman that's a lie
anything you know it no it's not it's
not okay so Bart and I have have been
dining and we are really really
restricted with what we can eat now just
to let you know out of the five years
we've been together about four years of
it eating shit out of what I don't know
because fucking you on you're so picky
so I'm I'm just eating all that the
weird should actually sure now that the
cameras on you see this actually
actually okay I'll give you that he's
seriously not that picky
he's almost not picky at all but what's
really annoying that he needs to change
is the fact we're not changed but I just
I can't do it I think that's just altum
Utley what it is I can't do it okay yes
bet he loves to eat at the same place
every single freaking day and I want to
kill myself cuz I don't know for most of
you people out there I know that myself
at least I like variety I like different
flavors of like food in my mouth but
this guy over here you can eat the exact
same thing for months straight and it
drives me freaking insane I'm ready to
go to jail so
prepare it you can't be all fancy in
jail so better start on the outside and
also what he does okay so I don't know
if you guys have been watching our
videos but if you haven't I'm kind of an
indecisive person when it comes to food
hella indecisive and I'm kind of
particular of what flavors I like to she
doesn't like chocolate indulge is like
coke
so to dog thing that's kind of racist to
I right there do it so with that being
said it takes me a minute to decide on
something that I want to be eating the
susi it for me food is not even that big
of a deal like I don't have to eat that
much but for him he's just like and he's
like on the verge of death are gonna eat
you gonna eat - my body - but I get
stomach pains y'all eat well for me I
don't know maybe it's like a mental
thing or a mental block or whatever but
I don't have to eat all the time and
like I can I can suppress my hunger
pretty easily yeah but that's under
health people okay I'm not doing it on
purpose to be unhealthy maybe I'm like
doing a lot of work or there's just
other things that are occupying my brain
that my brain won't send the message or
my stomach won't let my brain get that
message that hey I'm hungry feed me
anyway so I'm gonna put my kids in you
you better have a comfy house for them
to live in - the way you make it sound I
kind of don't want you to put your
horrible for my kids and you better make
sure that you got a comfy house and a
nice full refrigerator in there so one
day ready to eat there's gonna be tons
of yeah okay there will be but that'll
be for a different video what I'm trying
to say right now is so those two things
right I'm indecisive when it comes to
food and food for me is not really a big
deal if I eat I eat if I don't whatever
I'll just eat some other shit some other
time
party candy like hot tamales you tell me
there's well anyway so with that being
said once I do come up with something
that I do want to eat that's the
that he always goes against what I want
to eat that's true so it's like so
difficult to communicate with him
because yes he's down to eat whatever
but the only time that I'm actually down
to eat something specific then he's like
oh no what about this and he throws this
wrench in my freaking system and I'm
like oh no cuz then now I feel like I
have to cater to his need because I
don't want to be a selfish bitch and be
like well I wanted this we're gonna eat
this so what ends up happening is we
finally get what I want
after he convinces me that no no no it's
okay it's okay
I was just making a suggestion but I can
no longer enjoy my food because now I'm
stuck in my head thinking oh damn this
sucks like he doesn't really even want
to eat this and I can't I'm kind of
forcing him to eat this stuff when he
clearly voids that he wanted something
else that sounds kind of like love I
freaking hate you but you know something
I just asked you just a double check
even though we have our mindset and you
know like you're like i'ma get some
fucking pasta then I'm okay cool we're
gonna get pasta and then we drive 10
minutes and on the road I'm like sure
you don't want fried chicken do you know
how ridiculous badges sounded it's like
saying this so we look at this this open
let this open space right there's free
land we're gonna build a house right
here as soon as they lay down the
foundation cement set it's dried then
we're like do we want to build this
house here like what the fuck we already
went this whole distance to get there
why are you trying to stop some good
shit I'm just a couple checking I'm
still down with the pasta I'm just
saying just think there's sometimes
things pop in my mind I didn't even
consider why are you trying to play all
these games with my heart I'm not
playing the games this is sometimes like
chicken and waffles just pops in my mind
like right now and I'm like wow
whoa did you say cheater walk yeah
that's crazy so I'm like sometimes I'm
just gotta double check it if you really
want a ramen then you would just be like
no I don't want I don't want okay out of
all the times that you've done that
which is quite a few hot a few quite a
few out of all those times that you've
done that what's been the outcome the
outcome is you get very mad at me
there you go you son of a bitch we
already made up my mind why did you say
that and I always tell you because I'm
just double-checking and then you always
tell me why the hell you dumped a techie
you know huh and Desai's it by ear but
now that you say that now I feel bad for
wanting to eat ramen did I know you want
taking a waffle did I tell you babe no I
don't really want chicken I'm just
double checking you go well now if I eat
my ramen I can't enjoy it because I know
you want you get waffles so if that
happens a hundred percent of the time
why do you continue to stick a finger in
the light socket and getting shocked
when you know the outcomes gonna be the
exact same every single time I don't
know maybe that's just how I am I just
want to double-check the dusting that
the buds go down
