so why do you make my life so typical of
trying to I'm just I'm just making sure
what you wanna do but if you know that
I'm already indecisive why I just want
to make sure cinge indecisive I want to
make sure whatever you decided on is for
shizzle my nizzle that that's what you
want it's for shizzle my nizzle with the
sprinkle of sniffles but you fuck up my
head when you do that
no it's also you tell me this now you're
telling me that when you're about to get
married or whatever if someone is
definitely not married okay what are we
gonna mess with the unlucky back you to
marry me you're telling me that after
you spend like ten years with that doing
about that married a super lucky guy if
someone comes up similar are you sure
you want to marry him you're gonna be
like you know what I mean think about it
again
no that's completely exactly that's how
when you pick a meal you better be
married to that meal I'm fucking married
to that meal but did you hear when I
said what goes on in my head it has
nothing to do with the meal it has more
to do with how you feel about going back
that's what you say it I get it
now you voiced it and then you put the
big L word out there hey fine
I won't do that anymore because I know
it's out of love and how much you love
me and you know it's funny you've said
that you're not gonna do that anymore
but you still continue to do it which
then creates this back and forth
bickering that's so unnecessary fine
next time we're in the car what I'm
gonna do I'm gonna bite chicken off with
a piece of paper I'll slider over to you
that's what we do but your mess is not
even get received if it doesn't get you
doesn't you ever see just crumple it up
but if you open the paper that's on you
shame on you
fine if that's gonna help you get it off
your chest get up Mike you have see like
voice it somehow I'm at McDonald's a
piece of paper my side over go ahead do
that
I'm just gonna go like this I don't want
to see it sure that's fine but that is
what drives me absolutely crazy when it
comes to picking what we want to eat
with you
yeah but I also the reason why I dude I
just want to make sure we cover all
bases and that's because we're on such a
restricted diet and we one we're on
restricted diet too we're honored
restricted timeframe meaning we usually
try not to drive more than 10-15 minutes
away from where we work because you
gotta cut back and we gotta smash it and
do a bunch of other stuff we usually eat
the same shit all the time and because
I'm your loving man and I know that you
can't eat the same shit every day you're
not ready for jail like I am I just
wanna I just every time I think up
something new I just want to throw it
out there just because you like
variation and I want to keep her your
taste buds happy that's why I do it I
love how you almost bought that yourself
cuz that's not why you do it that's
exactly why I know the reason why you do
it is cuz I present this dish or like
this place to eat and you're like oh
shit that's a great you know what it
made me think of this so then you want
to make sure how married I am to that
decision because now you're just like oh
going back to your ramen example if I
say I want ramen the univac oh shit
ramen down there was no chicken and
waffles hey babe do you want chicken and
waffles in hopes that I will say yes cuz
gonna be like no money we're gonna eat
what I want to eat so instead of being a
little sneaky snake like you're being
because I know you so well instead of
being a little sneaky snake we you
should be doing is okay babe or hey ma
bear since I know you want ramen that
just reminded me of some chicken and
waffles I know you want ramen I'm so
down with ramen but it really made me
think of chicken waffles and I'm kind of
more like I mean I'm like more inclined
to eat that right now no note about you
that's know that
now that becomes an open form and now
now we can start discussing I promise
it's not for me I promise it's for you I
promise I promise I promise I promise I
know I know about you and your freaking
taste buds and you're not ready for jail
so I wanna I just wanna help
throw some spice in your life and so
when I think of something new I always
want to put it out there be your spice
becomes a wrench and it stops the whole
operation so from now on I will
understand the speak your language you
know you always do that no no now you
voiced it in a way I understood what did
you understand so I understand that from
now on I'll go Papa I know you want
ramen I'm completely down trauma two but
ramen made me think of chicken and
waffles beautiful what do you think
about chicken and waffles beautiful and
then I'm probably gonna be like is that
what you really want and then you
brought me back yo mama bear especially
not even for me I'm just thinking for
you cuz I know that how much you like it
I'm gonna be like oh oh my goodness
that's so sweet but damn I think we kind
of came to the conclusion that's good
even though I feel like you're gonna
fuck it up again I'm not I'm not I'm not
right alright okay this is what we're
gonna do okay this is we're gonna do on
camera okay
you need to tell the world the world
there are beautiful people you need to
tell them that you're not gonna go back
on your word if I make a suggestion my
indecisive super indecisive month can
never make up for mono she gets ready in
the morning it takes it off like 20
times
yeah and nitriles are whole cause it's
99% of the females watching this that's
ridiculous
anyway this is the guy that does this to
like get his hair perfect I won't change
my hair I don't know one time and I've
made up my mind that's how much it's not
true about you and you're like that
there's one that will hair you're like
it's the same content I don't want to
get me mixed up with Superman and that's
the same stuff anyhoo so jokes so now
you have to tell them that you're never
gonna go back on your word and if there
is something that pops up in your brain
that you want to to suggest then that's
how you're gonna prove that it why are
you keep stepping on my foot damn it
then you're gonna present it as a
suggestion not as something that you
want to be consuming
okay so scouts honor
I spew Boy Scout so scouts honor
from now on if I want to make a
suggestion I'm gonna first confirm that
the original decision we made for
example ramen
I'm completely down no but ramen made me
think of something else
perfect new suggestions key phrase this
made me think of this okay this key
phrase this made me think of this the
new example chicken and waffles I'm
gonna bring it up hey I'm down with
ramen but this made me think of chicken
waffles are you down with you're gonna
waffles and that's going to do from now
and I'm not going back on my word and
I'm a nice three voice yeah fine
cause you don't believe me on my honor
my vision my duty the country the best
catalog I keep myself busy strong
loyalist race I'm pissing furniture
Scottish trusty low or finally clearly
it's kind of a bunch of a thirsty bridge
pin Reverend Wow
oh wow that's awesome so if you guys
would like to hear
Bart's point of view on how we decide
and go about picking a place to eat at
go ahead and visit his channel for all
the lies like pop down you get bachata
make fun of me why is just science stab
me so today I'm gonna talk about
something that a lot of you boys don't
understand and a lot of you girls can
relate to and whoa what's with that face
because I already know we're talking
about okay well what I'm trying to talk
about is makeup
