so we're brainstorming names I think one
of the first big names that we landed on
it was gonna be called no warehouse
cousin we were just looking into
warehouses it was just gonna be an
industrial place it sounded cool but
then it felt kind of like a feel yeah
like very solo like very individualistic
and even though when you're training
you're like other power lifting or
bodybuilding or just giving CrossFit or
whatever you're you are doing it by
yourself but it's it's the energy around
you and the people around you and it's
kind of like this team mentality
we're like what else can we really think
about where it's like you feel like damn
this is like our home this is our our
place our safe haven like what we're all
here for the same thing I want to name
it helped was I was like what are you
working out hell are you going to hell
that's just the type of way I like to
work out I like to think that I'm
beating golf by flames it's a life or
death situation and I gotta go balls out
that's the way I like to work out but I
know there's a lot of religious people
out there and they probably wouldn't be
down at the place called hell myself
included
and a lot of commercial gyms that I go
to a lot of managers or workers they
come up to me and go sir can you please
not drop the weights and I'm like sorry
sir I'm not trying to do it on purpose
it's just the weights are really heavy
and they tell me want you to do
something that you can do completely
controlled and I'm thinking how are you
ever supposed to push yourself if
everything you're doing is super
controlled that's telling Usain Bolt hey
you know what like next time when you
run make sure you're not out of breath
because if you're out of breath it's not
controlled and it might be pushing
yourself too hard this is our gym your
gym we're sharing it with each other and
we can drop weights as much as we
fucking want and no one's doing it like
to be a douche bag we're just doing it
because we want to push ourselves and
now we have an environment that we can
do that at and it just feels so good
we're not doing right now take that
commercial gym what matters is that you
beast it so if you're a white belt but
you put out a hundred percent you're a
beast if you're a black belt and the
only pussy foot and put out 50% you're a
bitch so it doesn't really matter what
your level is that is how much you push
yourself of course not to the point of
injury but how much you push yourself
how hard you want to excel and how much
you reach your full potential yeah I
hear a lot of girls telling me like oh I
would love to join this gym but it's
gonna be so intimidating uh and I guess
I could see from that point of view
because it's like if you don't really
have the knowledge or the experience
then of course it's gonna be
intimidating but I think it's it's in
any aspect of your life not until you
throw yourself in it and just like jump
in it you're not really gonna ever get
over it and I think that barbell brigade
is the best place to kind of get rid of
those fears cuz it's like everyone
started no one came out of the womb with
like 45 plates and just like benching it
like nothing you know I I was there with
you guys and girls were so just come
here like ask questions just be a sponge
try to observe and like retain as much
as you can and and seriously let this
inner fire that you have just unleash it
and we wanted to come up with the name
that kind of has like unit mentality
like you're a unity
your organization because it's not so
much a gym or you go there and work out
and you do your solo shit and you get
out it's more of a place where people
that are like-minded we train together
we're a family maybe like once a month
we have a monthly potluck or maybe we
have a barbell Brigade camping trip like
I want to create this team environment
where everyone knows each other on a
first-name basis we know who's getting
married we know who's doing what and we
just all work out together and then so
we came up with barbell Brigade and then
we're like oh shit that flows very
nicely and then the rest is history
