and a lot of guys are like no we really
like natural girls but because we live
in a society that's show I guess
superficial that like we we feel like we
have to be this type of female that we
have to look this way we have to act
this way because there's actually
there's two things first one I think if
you don't wear makeup at all because of
the way society is will view it as this
bitch don't give a fuck right that's
like me not brushing my teeth and I just
go hi oh my god good morning how you
doing right yeah that's that but I saw I
do believe there needs to be a certain
level of presentation just like how you
don't wear your pajamas on the street
right you you wear clothes that aren't
wrinkles it's presentable right you can
make a good impression right that I
understand but anything beyond that like
the eyeliner and the sand on your face
all the shiny glittery stuff the
freaking macarons the freaking magic
fairy dust powder I don't know why you
put that stuff on I can't help that they
put glitter in it the only reason why I
put it on is because I'm indoors all the
time that I don't get any sort of
sunlight so I look pasty and I look like
I have no sort of like definition or
anything on me so that sounds exactly
like well the reason why I draw all over
myself is because I never get a chance
to work out I sit there I eat donuts all
day and I watch TV
so I'm gonna draw all these muscles
under that's exactly what that sounds
like no because being under the Sun and
just like like chilling out to get a 10
is actually luxurious and it's a luxury
or you could just step in the Sun for
like ten minutes a day and no do you a
lot of good does take a ten-minute walk
every single day and I guarantee you and
I can like you will look how many
10-minute walks I was blessed with this
beautiful skin I don't need to be in the
Sun I was blessed as a dark Beauty no I
I still don't understand why you're so
against it I understand why you would be
against people that wear slut face I get
that because it's like what's the point
but even with them they have their own
personal reasons why they like doing it
kudos to them if you think you look dope
in your hot then shit rock it out but
for people that just wear it naturally
like myself
I don't see what the big deal is it just
takes forever you take forever to get
ready and I always gotta wait on you
every time I'm late
it's not because I'm late oh no this is
gonna be a brand new video if we
continue down that path that you're
trying to take it to but just because I
have to just get it off my chest real
quick we're not late because I'm late
we're late because you're late too okay
am i doing what am i doing I'm sitting
on your phone no I'm done and I brush my
teeth we're not gonna talk about on this
video because we're talking about makeup
now how you make me late all the time
mmm-hmm I'm not gonna I'm not gonna sit
here and and pretend like I'm not guilty
I'm not a guilty party either cuz I have
an a to contributor my mother tardiness
and sometimes tributes to it is the face
I don't know your true your scene isn't
such a hateful mood today I don't
understand why there's so much okay
know how it goes like give me kissed it
fine but seriously the makeup thing I
don't think is a big deal I can
understand if it like if it gets in the
way of life and I'm like but in the
morning every time you go to the gym I
just roll out of bed
crusty eyes stank ass but nothing ever
spreads but you know I was ambitious I
just roll out of bed and I'm just at the
gym but I feel like there's a time and a
place for everything and for the sake of
presentation and me putting my best foot
forward that's the reason why I wear the
type of makeup that I do fine I agree
that the way she wears makeup is pretty
conservative because she doesn't put on
a bunch of makeup to go to the gym she
looks natural and gym and the makeup
that she does put on it doesn't fit on
one hand if it's on two hands but it's
not that bad how is it two hands if we
left our mascara you sure about that but
I don't like the eyeliner because that's
the part that doesn't look natural like
no one is born with birthmarks on your
eyelids what the purpose is is the
illusion that you have four eyelashes no
it gives illusion I have birth mother
make any sense this ridiculous whatever
so did I change your mind about makeup
now a little bit but the other girls
that put on the slut face I don't get
that
and you're you're guilty of that every
once in a while you did put the slut
face on when do I put it on when I go to
church you have got a long time I do
that when it's appropriate and sometimes
for all the girls I know you're gonna
agree with me but guys you got to
understand that sometimes girls like to
get dolled up we just like to be extreme
sometimes sometimes you want big fucking
hair just cuz it's just cuz we can do it
and if we have like these different
colors to play with it's like it's like
a coloring book on our face we get to
play around with it we get to explore if
we want to put fucking crazy big purple
eyelashes on with a bunch of fucking
go-go glitter on our body fuck it why
not
once in a while it's okay but if you
leave your if you live your life like oh
my god I need glitter on my body before
people can see me then you kind of have
a problem you're me it's all about
moderation without others life you got
to be free explore be creative but don't
let that be you I agree as long as
you're not wearing that crazy ass shit
every single day and you would when you
when you go see your mom that's the type
of makeup that you wear on a daily basis
that makes sense to me thank you
that's definite do I gain your your
approval now kind of the other planet
that still doesn't quite click is the
over dramatization oh my God look at all
the worlds in my face what if I said
that
well I you see I used to be like that I
took a lot of convincing to meet and a
lot of like showing any statistics and I
opened up to you guys and the reason why
I was like that cuz I just didn't have
confidence in myself I just thought that
I was like this hideous monster but then
I just let go hideous monsters can have
a lot of confidence right what no I just
thought that I was just like that's all
I would see are just all my flaws back
in the day and I end like because I
would focus on all my flaws I wanted to
cover all my flaws up and I didn't want
anyone else to see these flaws but the
older I got and the more it not even
older but they're just just the more
mature I became I just realized that
fuck it you're kind of born with what
you're born with and you just learn to
love it and you move forward and and
it's not even that big of a deal like
these are so like trivial in the grand
scheme of things that it's just like you
kind of just learn to accept it and just
move forward with more important shit in
your life so
that's what happened in my personal case
so are you saying that once you get
older one day you might grow into armpit
hairs up I don't know about that cuz I
did my whole thing with hair is just a
whole nother thing it has nothing to do
with vanity it's more about that's just
that's just gross on me
I hate hair so if you guys would like to
hear what Bart's two cents were on
makeup and how I wear my makeup go ahead
and check out his his thug video bye
hello when you're in a relationship
relationships are built off of trust and
some of the least talked about things in
relationships that we feel like we
should probably talk about and share is
cheating
