hey what's up guys so I have already
started my day I mean actually in the
middle of my day sort of closing out my
day if that makes any sense
um and I just made it to the gym and
it's really cool and I'm super excited
just because now I'm officially bag and
training and what that also means is
that I am dieting now so look at this
this is like almost two months
postpartum
I have zero ABS guys like zero abs and
it sucks as I've always had like up
noticed have had crazy abs but I've
always had a pretty solid core and now
coming off of being pregnant or whatever
um I have zero like I can't even put it
any other way other than non-existent
nothing there's like nothing there it's
like ghost abs I have nothing um so I'm
super excited to get back into the gym
lose this baby weight
loses body fat and then work on my
strength again and I'm so excited to
share with you guys actually made it
announcement on my Instagram and I
surveyed you guys for those of you that
follow me on Instagram for those of you
that don't follow me at geo underscore
comm and I asked you guys if I start
this journey and I share it with you
guys would you guys be down to check out
the programming not to say that I'm
gonna coach I'm gonna program cuz I'm
not doing any of that but if I did would
you guys follow my particular program
the program that I'm doing and a lot of
you guys said yes so I wanted to take it
from Instagram and move it to YouTube
and see if you guys would also be down
to follow the journey with me because I
feel like I know for myself at least I
work better when I'm in a group and if I
do by myself it's harder and it's also
harder to keep yourself accountable in
terms of like staying on track in terms
of dieting or staying on track in terms
of programming or just staying on track
in terms of just going to the gym so let
me know in the comments below if you
guys aren't down for it but um yeah I
say all that to say that I'm super
to get back into the gym I'm barely
doing anything because I'm just kind of
getting back into the into the groove of
like moving and running and jogging and
like doing abs like I haven't done abs
and mutts like more than half like nine
months I haven't done it in nine months
it's been fucking intense so um I felt
like this was the best opportunity and
the best time to show it with you guys
because I get so many dance from you
guys I get so many emails from you guys
asking me how do I increase my shot
how do I lose but how do I do this how
do this in terms of fitness and I'm like
I don't know cuz that's just not what I
do but now I feel like you guys can
visually and also follow along via
programming um that I will gladly share
with you guys so again I put it out
there write it in the comments below if
you're down to follow this journey with
me I'll share my program with you guys
again
I'm not coming up with this program it's
actually Bart's on that Mike and Omar
who are very credible sources and
actually making waves in the fitness
community and they know what they're
talking about they've done it with just
with themselves so let me know but yeah
I didn't mean for it to sound all Eddie
and shit I'm just super excited about it
and I know that finally I can share
something with you guys that we could do
together at the same face because I felt
like before I was already like you know
already into lifting and and the weights
were more then the average person so my
clubs like I just felt to go out people
are intimidated I didn't know how to
catch you guys up so now I feel like
good start from Ground Zero together so
yes but anyway I'm at the office now if
you haven't noticed
and I need to print out my programs that
I know what to follow this is a very
loose program it's just for me to get
moving again like I mentioned so it's
things like everything's body like I'm
not using any weights for any other
stuff so I need to print that out and
get into the gym I hear the music bumpin
who is it who's playing right now
Kanye was it client your dope but yeah
I'll check in with you guys in a bit
alright just finished training you
sweaty and uh but now my favorite part
of the day is when I get to go home to
see my baby be a tiger be oh I can't
wait to see him I heard grandpa's been
with him all day
you know let's check up on him buzz I
have whoops an app here they'd install
cameras for my dogs a while back they no
longer use it for my dogs I use it too
when I see when I miss my boy okay and
it doesn't look like it's gonna load
sorry guys ah anyway I'm gonna see Tiger
now so I'm excited I'm so excited
alright Chargers gone I'm taco
a lute grandpa and grandma he's been
sleeping for hours since two o'clock
that's five now five dirty man there's
no sign of him waking up
I'm father's getting this car wash but
what's on before he got back I want to
get candles for these guys they want to
put them like outdoor summer but I know
we have a lot of light gravity stuff so
whoa
that was random
I don't know where to put them maybe
like there somewhere
oh maybe like here I'll be really cool
what should I put it
we have like
maybe there maybe like here maybe here
maybe here that looks good right let me
see
yeah or no that might be a fire hazard
I'll just leave it there but it and
hopefully our HOA won't get mad at us
but we should be getting anything even
enough we're taking one more picture
okay ma okay
okay Tiger Tiger kidding watch I'm
recording you we wanted to get the
perfect type of picture my mom's like
here and they put the blanket over me
they look like shit let's go
photographer yeah so you took a picture
of psych and it all he said and there's
a pumpkin there okay let's get him yeah
we got him thanks more yeah you're the
sport oh okay so now we're gonna look at
what Papa but I brought some goodies
home so come on bears all that diets
right now and I talked to the goodies
what dude yeah let me try one of those
you're retired now one eye spicy we're
talking about so how do we try this yet
oh it smells good though it's true these
are my favorite when it's folded like
this okay
yeah some of these no we're gonna fold
that how's it mmm let's reduce that mmm
only six members of 5 for 16 chips per
girl mm-hmm
let's show that room 40% less back see
something eager it's all better
oh my favorite I always have to dislike
when it's folded like this is my
favorite way to eat it green cheese and
chive 40% I don't care for that one
button okay no coot you don't like Cool
Ranch
not really oh no wonder all the closer
you get the poorest oh oh I'm Guam I got
little remedies hmm I used to bite it
all the time yeah this is only one look
for 110 calories
yeah zero fat yeah got this guy of
course I got this guy wow I have too
much ice cream
I really have ruined the freezer your
flow parmesan okay Stross yeah because
we are luxurious now and then on my meal
preps I always want that tomato sauce
don't have any and this one's really low
1.5 grams of fat
thank you though and I'm alright this is
super cute
her mom is training you better get me
look at their training that's awesome
right draw Papa is the best papa
son-in-law and husband ever because he
encouraging us while feeding tyka I'm
going the right job good job
this is awesome stuff family gold I'm
even I'm even Johnson our family family
goes for shirt huh baby he's a bus and
knock out you are on the verge of going
down Buffett alright guys so on that
note thank you guys so much for watching
we're about to put the boy down to sleep
you ready yeah you had to go sleep and
then this boy is ready to knock out -
yeah so we're gonna call it a night
thank you guys so much for watching have
a beautiful day see you tomorrow
