hey what up y'all
so today I'm gonna talk about something
that a lot of you boys don't understand
and a lot of you girls can relate to and
whoa what's with that face because I
already know what you're talking about
and I don't okay well what I'm trying to
talk about is makeup females who wear
makeup and the fact that boys don't
understand it they hate it and they want
it to be gone and they're always like on
our asses about we needed to put this on
you look you've said to the same but you
didn't do that you'd put it on then you
got take it off and you look at two
different people let me clarify some
boys understand it I understand I'm a
player for life okay can you define why
or a player for life so if you're one of
the seasoned vets and you know girls and
you know what oh you're seasoned vet yes
what makes you seasoned vet I'll show
you my certificates later but I'm a
seasoned vet so when I see girls with
mad make up on that go-go dancer a
stripper type make up I could see it
right off the bat and yes I get horny
for the first two seconds but right
after I know that it's just makeup and
underneath this bust face I know that
what happens in the first two seconds I
don't know you get slightly enlarged and
then it goes away but for a lot of dudes
there aren't seasoned vets when they see
girls with that crazy-ass cake face on
they see that no like god damn she's
fine oh my gosh it is so fucking fine
day and then later when they see the
after picture then they're like that's
because you're in a seasoned vet and you
don't know and you can't see past all
that but for dudes like me like Joe like
Tim like Ricky shucks bye David
we're seasoned vets and we know what the
fuck is going on all right chip on your
shoulder
sorry's on the side that's not what I'm
talking about though because with those
type of female also come a lot of other
sorts of baggage
I'm not even I'm not even talking about
that I'm just talking about females who
just wear makeup to either accentuate or
cover up certain features on their face
for example myself I don't wear tons of
makeup I don't wear that gogo what else
did you call it that extreme type of
makeup where I need like he called it
slut face in his video that's what we're
referring to but yes I don't wear that
slut face type of makeup and every time
I do try to put makeup on just so that I
can look presentable to the rest of the
world you're giving me a bunch of shit
for it when I'm like it makes sense why
I'm putting it on but the other time the
things that you're not telling them
you're conveniently leaving out is this
when we get ready she needs like an
extra 30 minutes because she has to put
her face on it does not take me 30
minute and the excuse how's this job a
minute with chip on your show how does
that burden lay on top of me so now she
forces me to drive everywhere I mean I
don't mind driving but now she forces me
to drive everywhere when sometimes I
gotta take care of business on a phone
and I wish that she could drive like
taking us on business but now every
single time she has to put on makeup on
in the car so now I'm like fucked now we
need to show up first so I can take care
of business while she puts her face on
and it does even really matter
wow I've never heard such a one-sided
story in my life why you holding my hand
I'm not holding your hand like I'll spit
this thing is you're freaking raping my
arm right now excuse you it takes me
less than 10 minutes I can name all the
products that I use on my face on one
hand okay foundation mascara eyeliner
blush and bronzer that is it you only
need you need that like that calculate
like this fucking counter and it didn't
work no you don't need I lied I hate it
when you about it I wouldn't know why
you have eyeliner for the way you why
you wear eyeliner for that's ugly
well whatever I liked it because it made
a massacre it makes my eyelashes look
not on one hon and bigger and you as a
guy who wears makeup all the time you've
already been in several skits and like
different JK party episodes were you
wearing this heavy ass
a cup that you would consider slut face
makeup and you've also warned the
supernatural makeup which was what was
it called Oh boyfriend interview and I
think that you looked absolutely
beautiful with the with the natural
because of my features no it's not fun
I've hooked your face the fuck up
because you had this mark you have these
nasty eye circles you guys like this
crazy ass bar you have the five o'clock
shadow your skin is dry as fuck it looks
like leather right now but how you know
I'm a man right and that's exactly my
point men are supposed to look rough
rugged and masculine with these sharp
features but females are supposed to
look soft soft and natural soft natural
why don't you just put lotion on that
just moisturizes your face it makes your
face soft and that's all you need why a
lot of us girls we work we do a lot of
things that make us like really really
tired you know and we have like these
dark circles on our eyes and then like
we'll just have like different mists
mismatched like patches of color on our
face kind of like yours they explained
to me why do girls at so overdramatic
when they don't have their face on and
it's like they can't face the world
because it's like something that's just
so private cuz it's like the only time
we're not wearing makeup is one where
around people that were super
comfortable with and that's when we
consider ourselves like looking pretty
like dumpy and but it doesn't even make
that big of a difference it does it does
maybe maybe you know it's more of a
difference a nice be washed car and a
dirty car that makes way more of a
difference than you guys putting your
faces on fine that I'll agree with that
but I think what it also comes down to
is that a lot of these girls are kind of
placed on like we have to live up to
this certain standard because a lot of
these guys when we're around different
guys they're always making comments
about these females that look this type
of way right and I know it has it has to
be with the females very like the
females individual level of confidence
but because it's been so embedded in our
mind that people are supposed to be this
way you're supposed to look this to you
supposed to act this way
all of us are really trying to let go of
that because that's not true
