today is the first day of the equipment
is coming in and you're starting off
with the flooring even though it's not
as exciting as the natural workout
equipment coming in at first I'll
garages flooring but then when I
actually saw them place it on the floor
that was like the first transitional
period of a warehouse turning into a gym
and it was pretty monumental actually
other side like just the first black
piece touching the floor I could just
imagine it just kind of changed the
whole feeling of the place I was telling
Casey this morning that it's super
ironic the reason why we didn't go to
the gym this morning is because we're
building a gym so it's already been a
year of planning but now that it's the
physical manifestation of the gym is
happening man we we've been working
eight days a week we've been working 26
hours a day
it's just crazy like we're mad tired we
painted last night went home well
shower came back home immediately this
so just non-stop this and you guys know
both of us do just kidding film so just
bouncing those two it I'm super excited
inside I'm joined by outside I'm like
please get in that this is like a dream
come true for both of us how about you
guys I posted a picture on Instagram I
believe last night and a lot of you guys
were like oh my god I can't wait to
workout in there and that's like
definite fuel cuz it's like we are on
the same boat like we're trying to get
this thing done as quickly as possible
so that we can all just like vibe out
together and and become one not like
that today one of the most important
pieces of the gym came in and it's our
Monkey Bar pull up set up so when I
first started putting this together it
was more of a mental visualization thing
cuz I go on the website and I knew kind
of what I wanted for the gym and it was
a lot of like visualizing okay for 12
foot particles here an 8 foot body
connect day we wanted to have like 24
feet but when the actual parts came in
and then they started asking me all
these questions of where do you want the
single bar in the double bar in the
monkey barn and I was just like oh shit
this is way crazier than when I was
visualizing it but I was like you know
what this is cool like it's good to
learn all these things and I just kind
of would put myself for a crash course
and we just started like figure these
things out and I kind of had to make
them disassemble like three times which
I feel really bad can still do it on the
way doesn't look right and I was telling
you sir that what you wanted didn't make
sense I'm like I'm sorry I didn't
understand what the hell you're saying
but now we got a perfect piece of
machinery and it's good we have six
squat stations six benchpress stations
six dead lift stations six overhead
press
tons of pull up and muscled up space
just all entire playground jungle gym of
fitness and my brains didn't explode
I I really just want to work out already
