heywood FB also today is push day of the
body and as you can see here I am doing
incline bench press works out a little
bit different muscles from a flat bench
press for example flat bench press works
out through lower chest so inclined
bench allows you to work on your upper
half of your chest waist a little bit of
emphasis on your shoulders something
that flat bench doesn't really
accommodate to also I like switching up
my exercises because of my friend Bowie
Simmons taught me about the law of
accomodation which means that once you
do an exercise over and over and over
again over again your body tends to not
adapt to it anymore therefore you don't
see as many games as you guys put it so
it's always good to switch it up a
little bit and because I'm not really
working for the sake of bodybuilding
which a lot of bodybuilders like using
incline bench press because it develops
a fuller chest I don't really give a
shit about a fuller chest if it gives me
bigger boobs hey I'm down with it but
this isn't gonna do that for me so I'm
doing it more for the sake of functional
fitness and for the sake of developing
it more so here we are switching it out
for drop sets and we're topsis allows
you to do is to push more volume opposed
to just pushing weight yet having your
muscles get fatigued and then you stop
so once you feel that your muscles are
fatigued you drop weight and then you
continue ripping it out up until failure
and that's what I was doing here so
what's dope about these exercises and
just what's dope about retraining in
general
but you just feel like a badass I know a
lot of you guys hear me say that like I
feel like a freaking badass but
seriously every time I do this I feel
like a fucking superhero in training do
it speaking of superhero super random
but this Tuesday September 24th Marvel's
agents of shield for those of you that
follow me on Twitter know that I talked
about Sons of Anarchy but I've been
waiting forever for agents of shield I
want to know what you think about it
because I've been waiting for it and I
don't want it to suck so let's see what
it's all about
Here I am doing seated overhead press
put the same philosophy in mind I'm
doing five reps of five and a helot she
went on that gum everything that
recorded this video I'm actually doing
more weights than that I think I mean I
think that's just 25 dumbbells and I'm
happy to say that I have increasing
weight so I guess what I was doing in
this video has helped me in the future
which is now and I had I did the same
philosophy as you can see here I
switched it up and I did a thorough
upset again just because my muscles were
fatigued but I didn't want to stop I
wanted to continue with working out
thanks everyone for watching hope see
catch you guys next week like I said I'm
just showing you guys my progress but I
clearly don't know what fuck I'm talking
about
hey what up y'all so today I am doing a
big three and that is squats bench press
and deadlift and people commonly refer
to this as big three because these are
the three exercises that everyone refers
to when they're trying to figure out how
strong you is
