today we're at the warehouse of our
official equipment supplier extreme
training equipment and they supply
everything for CrossFit equipment
powerlifting equipment and old-school
bodybuilding so we're just here to make
sure that everything that we wanted
honor this is gonna be taken care of
you got Geo today with us and then we
also have Frank the official testing
personnel of all equipments the expert
tester outer there's everything that you
could want in the perfect gym in here
perfect living room perfect bedroom I
could sleep on one of these benches get
up and start a big box of milk tonight
you know I actually believe him he's
pretty he's pretty extreme when it comes
to his fitness I can't wait to go try
out some of this stuff so one of the
main pieces of equipment that's gonna be
at the barbell Brigade gym is going to
be this Monkey Bar rack so in this rig
we're gonna have a 24 foot rig and
there's gonna be six squat stations here
and there's gonna be twenty four feet of
pull-up bar and as you can see there's
also a safety bar attachment so it's
just that safe but it's way more space
efficient and you can do everything from
deadlifts squats Olympic lifting to
doing circuits pull-ups muscle ups
anything you want and this is like one
of the most important pieces of
equipment at the bar up a big Gipp dude
if you slide a bench in here you do
bench - yeah the bench incline decline
overhead press military press takes care
of everything anything with the word
precedent coffee press anything ours
won't be green however ours will be all
black so I guess this is just another
configuration of the monkey bar rack and
you can do whatever you want like you
can build it to go upwards and go
straight so you can build different
muscles as you're climbing and there's
like infinite configurations ours is
gonna be a little bit different than
this and now ours is gonna have these
two things called the flying and pull-up
bar we're gonna attach climbing ropes at
the end so there's gonna be a 14-foot
climb just so that we can provide
different types of training scenarios so
your trainers get boring and it's also
capable of attaching gymnastic rings on
it
we've been to this particular warehouse
like multiple times just to make sure
that we had all the right equipment all
the right colors are the right sizes all
the right everything and now it's like
the time is finally arrived then and
whatever we picked here is getting moved
to its new home with its new family
events I can't wait to open the doors I
wish that as soon as that equipment
comes in with just open the doors and in
email all the guys like yo it's open
come work out right now but there's a
lot of liabilities because we have to
make sure that Jim flow is good the
inspector has to come in all that so
there's more to opening a gym than just
work you're not as out of business so we
gotta make sure that squared away before
we can open our doors but everything is
on schedule and on October 1st
everything is looking good we will see
you guys October 1st
