hey what up y'all so today i am doing a
big three and that is squats bench press
and deadlift and people commonly refer
to this as big 3 because these are the
three exercises that everyone refers to
when they're trying to figure out how
strong you is know what I'm saying Here
I am doing squats and what squats target
are your quadriceps it also hits your
glutes your hip abductors and your
calves I was actually wearing makeup
this time in this video because this is
the actual video that we shot for our
barbell Brigade promo and our update
video that's why I'm actually even
working out with my hair down which was
so annoying so that's why you see here
it's up in a ponytail now and I never
dressed this skimpy cuz that bar fucking
hurts on my back and moving on to bench
press which targets your pectoral
muscles and for ladies that means your
boobies so if you don't want your
boobies to get a lot smaller then you
might want to do more of an incline
bench it also hits your front delts and
your triceps and people believe that
these exercises truly measure your
strength because they are all compound
movements which means that they are
involving two or more body part this was
actually the first time that I was able
to do one full rep by myself at 95 on
the bench press and this is actually my
bench press setup I just kind of like
push myself back and then pull forward I
have heard that that lives are
considered to be the most impressive out
of all the three because it involves
explosive strength and overall power so
that just means that you're working your
entire body when you're trying to
Douglas so y'all this concludes this
week's training video if you guys would
like to see some more my videos please
subscribe I try to release a fitness
video every single week again I am NOT
giving you guys any sort of advice I'm
just showing you guys my progress cuz I
clearly don't know what the fuck I am
talking about until next time y'all
peace hello what is up y'all so today I
am back and I'm showing you guys my
lower body workouts i am doing box
squats today and this is actually gonna
help with my hip movement and your hips
are pretty much responsible for getting
you out of the bottom position
