hello when you're in a relationship
relationships are built off of trust and
some of the least talked about things in
relationships that we feel like we
should probably talk about and share is
cheating then done because as we all
know we're all human and temptation does
happen but whether or not you act on
those temptations is a whole nother
story
and how you react to someone cheating on
you is also a whole nother story
so I guess what I would like to know or
how well do you guys want to know is how
would you feel if I cheated on you
I choked you up that's it about a bing
bada boom no I'm just kidding um because
I'm a very emotionally driven person I
would probably oh and I have like this
really horrible thing with pride so I
would probably break up with you right
away immediately
yeah without so I get so you find out
that I shit you know what wait I
wouldn't want you to talk to me I
wouldn't want you to look at my
direction I wouldn't want to know
anything because anytime you open your
mouth to set anything else all I'm
imagining is just this fist connecting
with your face repeatedly and yeah I
would just be I think I have anger
issues because I just see me just being
super angry now is there a difference
between me let's say you you hear about
me cheating you catch me in the F oh
yeah those are all different or well
please explain what what's the or before
okay so one is you hear about me
cheating at home gurgles oh my god I
believe there's the other one you catch
me in the act okay the other one I fess
up I tell you
hey babe okay don't happen I'm so sorry
but I slipped and fell and then I went
into a food hahaha if you said that that
excuse me
that's hilarious so the first scenario
where it's a rumor um I definitely
wouldn't buy that but what happens as
much as people say oh the rumors you
know you're not going to buy into it or
whatever subconsciously you already
start looking for clues just to kind of
test that rumor
so of course immediately I would just I
would just go in and I'd ask you like yo
so-and-so said this
why are they saying this oh so you're
like more straightforward about it yeah
of course I'm not gonna try to play
detective and shit but that's where
that's where I'm saying that
subconsciously you kind of start looking
for that stuff cuz a lot of people they
would play detective first um you know
you see whether that party at uh Joe's
place right yeah oh cool I mean uh no I
mean I was were always wondering why you
came home so late that night well that
just seems really immature in high
school to me because it's just like it's
like just be straight up like why yeah
like what what let me smell your dick
like that ah it's on
did you hear that song though you've
never heard that song since this chick
and that's what that's like the hook of
a song let me smell yo did anyway so
would it be like that just straight up
let me smell your dick right now oh I
wouldn't know I would never want to
smell anything in that region but I see
we want to be up front yeah we didn't
say let me smell your dick I'd be like I
wouldn't put on it I wouldn't throw the
other person under the bus I wouldn't be
like yo so-and-so said this but I would
say hey you know what rumor has it this
is what this is what I was told
why are they saying this that seems
pretty level-headed so let's say I say
yes immediately that's when you go yeah
media like that's what happens there and
then who's the second scenario I catch
you in that yeah you sound like like you
know like cupcake get with some girl I
got the bar going like this and then
whatever as much as like in my
imagination I just I just see myself
like getting whatever's in my head is
just throwing it at you and you're just
yelling and like causing a scene
wherever it is that we may be um
honestly I think that I would just look
at you make sure that you see that I
just caught you and I would probably
just walk away and I would probably
never talk to
an Instagram of a wit for evidence yeah
for sure vine it um yeah that's what I
would probably do in that scenario I
would probably be like and I would just
leave I would I probably wouldn't even
say anything what if that girl was
someone you knew though oh man
like if it's like Olivia or TIFF or
anyway yeah like that so that's double
whammy it that is not only is not magic
do I know but I like one of her close
friends Chi donut yeah I know that's a
great question is that one of those like
Oh like that why thank you I think it
would depend on the type of relationship
I had with them and like if we were like
mega close the way it is right actually
yeah I mean I would still bow fuck I
don't know because I view them as
friends I would never want to harm them
even though they just double-crossed me
and shit I would just be very hurt by
then I'd be really pissed at you but I'd
be really hurt by them and I think I
think yeah I would react the same way I
would just look at them and just be like
it doesn't it so let's say the third one
then or I come home and I'm like hint
babe
you know what I'm really sorry but blah
I was in New York and there's this girl
flashing her titties at me and us
breakdancing and I just wait is this
this story sounds pretty damn believable
yeah is there something you want to
confess yeah so doesn't your is it um
damn I don't think I would believe it in
the beginning really I think I would
just probably sit there and then just
kind of like let it marinate for a bit
and be like but it's marinating though
are you like get the fuck out let me
think
or is it like sit right here and massage
my toes well I think about this no I
wouldn't be other one it would be like I
then that's when like 50 questions come
out like how'd it happen
who do I know this person who knows
about it why did you do it
all these questions will just start
coming out and then as soon as I get all
the answers that I need then yeah then
we would be done with
Wheatly because i think it's like once
the trust is broken then not not to say
that it can't happen but at least for me
in the level of maturity that I'm
currently in I don't think that I can um
I can continue a relationship of trust
and loyalty with somebody that's already
cheated so let's say so we've been
together pretty much like five years
right so for you if I cheated on you
whatever we built for five years that's
something that's worth cutting off at
that time but I felt like but then I
would feel like you already did that
first like you you were saying you know
what whatever we built these five years
um I I just couldn't hold it there was
something that was lacking that I didn't
communicate with you Gio so I actually
went and I found that with someone else
um that to me already says I want to
sever those five years so I'm just I'm
just following your lead what if it was
ten years though shape no same thing the
number doesn't matter it I feel like if
you cheated you're already saying that's
it I don't want anything else with you
so do you don't believe in second
chances I do I definitely do and that's
why I stated earlier that at the level
of maturity that I'm at right now I
don't think I can do it but who knows
maybe ten years down the line we have
kids and we have like a bunch of other
things and it was like your first time
and then after we're talking about like
why you did it and let's say I'm just
like a super duper crazy bitch right and
all you're trying to do you're ah that's
not very nice um so let's say like I'm
just like not supportive and and and
you're kind of just with me because it's
it's just like a habit that you've kind
of built and you're like god I can't
leave this thing for ten years like
let's say it was my fault
