because sometimes in certain situations
where people cheat I do feel that it's
like a two-way street you know I feel
like I feel like there's just a life of
communication and then one partner is
lacking something that or one partner is
not giving the other partner something
that they need I just think there's a
lot of different elements that cause
people to cheat not to justify it in any
sort of way shape or form but um I think
I think after having that conversation
with you I would figure out what it was
that made you um want to go that step
that extra step because I think a lot of
people naturally just think of other
people and find other people attractive
and like fantasize and dream and do all
these attractive people out there no
there is and I think that's just natural
human nature I think that's what's
happening but that face um so I don't I
don't blame you or anyone else for
thinking these thoughts are having these
urges but I think once you start acting
upon it whether it be like you send a
text or you start like a facebook
conversation then I think you're already
headed in the rocky rocky road so is
there a difference to you then between I
guess sending off that first text of
having that intent of cheating versus
the actual act of putting them in the on
I mean obviously one's way more worse
how do you catch a text right like hey
um yeah I'll be free tomorrow 97 oh
that's horrible
catch one of those things yeah versus
you come home and then you see me doing
the whoo and hehe in the bedroom I think
the bottom line is that there was
already disloyalty and lies um once you
start going into the the bigger lies
then I think that's when you can already
be classified as a cheater
mmm I'm pretty I don't know I don't know
if I'm like really strict with it or
whatnot but yeah like to lie to try to
set up this rendezvous whether you guys
make any type of physical contact or not
that's already a huge deal so for you
like either caching the text or the
physical act of
doing it you they're both a a strike and
like the loyalty card right for sure and
you don't weigh one more than the other
um I think they're both just as bad I
think they're both just as bad um but
yeah I mean I would wait one more than
the other because one it's like you're
you've you've done the deed you know
like you went the who who in the who who
and they were like ooh you know
sometimes it's like that's new in a lot
of ways dude there's a lot of ways to
turn butter okay okay freakin oh um um
no but I think I think yeah one is
definitely waited waited more than the
other but the the trust is already kind
of broken and I think Trust is a huge
thing - whoa I think it's a huge thing
to build up - so let's say so you're one
of those at this point in your life you
feel like a maturity is you break my
trust we're done I break your back right
there done right and you don't you can't
you don't think or you don't see
yourself giving any second chances at
this point in your life well I'm really
trying to picture this with you
specifically and um what we've built and
how I know that you are and stuff so I
think with you specifically I would
probably not to give you any fucking
room because mother-effer
but yeah but I probably would try to
work it out with you
why all right why do you wanna work it
out with me well cuz I mean I know you
really well and I think that this is the
mature relationship that I've had okay
you freaking deaf ah this is immature
but the most mature relationship that
I've had with someone and the closest
that I've ever been with um with a
boyfriend or whatever and I feel that if
you because I know you're such a
stand-up guy too you know what I mean
you're not like a uh wishy-washy won't
have a guy you yeah little bit with mine
because I know you're not shaving like
that then I would feel like okay wait
there's something deeper going on here
yeah but I think if it was anyone else
or like any of my previous boyfriends
I'd be like garbage garbage are done
you're done those what if so like let's
say let's say we broke our fight just we
don't know why we broke up and let's say
there was a boyfriend of your past that
sheeted on you right I found out later
no no like yeah you guys broke up like
let's say you're the boyfriend you had
in college or whatever he cheated on you
and you guys broke up we got had a shit
ton in common we didn't work out ten
years down the line that's on a five is
online let's say you guys meet again in
a professional setting and in both you
guys have matured and they have cheated
on you would you be willing to give this
person like a second chance I think it
would be a very slow process like trying
to move forward and I think that this
person would have to kind of bend over
backwards to show that they're different
um so that means like I just super open
about everything without me even having
to ask cuz I'm not that type of like
cleany like what do you do now where are
you at now like I I don't look through
people's phones I don't do that type of
thing through my phone like everyday
what do I look through your phone to for
those I don't know your dish you just on
my phone doing stuff stupid not everyday
and if it's anything I'm like helping
you fix your stupid glitches right god
you wish I cared about you that much to
want to spy on you
anywho I don't I'm not I'm not that type
of person and I never want to be that
type of person so um so yeah if they
want to show that they're different then
they would have to show me different
things or show me things that shows me
that there's breakfast oh my balls lol
my dick
yeah but clean I mean who's to say
anything you know I don't know I don't
know that's that's just how I feel like
we would have to take place so you would
still give someone a second chance it's
just that they need to really prove
themselves well the second chance um
would either be with you or it would be
with someone of my past that I know
enough time has like um has um what what
like has passed like five years ten
years where I know that someone can
completely change because I think in a
year - not that people don't really it's
not common for people to like bust the
180 you know that's your people they
have New Year's resolutions and they
stop doing it by March right in the mess
not even like mid-january yeah and they
don't they gotta wait till the next year
before they go I'm gonna start again
right so yeah like it five years past
ten years passing on my cave this could
be a completely different person so it's
true
well thank you for asking all those
questions I don't have any of that
surprised you or not no no I know when
I'm cheating that I can still get a
second chance if I need a place to come
back to I know what I'll do and I know
that I can I nobody trying to mess with
you
please no for real though after they see
this though you're doing it to yourself
you're supposed to do it with other
girls or at least their hand
what sicko you just masturbated okay are
you surprised that with what I said no
seems pretty uh I actually thought that
because of how crazily angry you are I
thought if those at the bar if you like
caught the other person you'd be like
I'm not much of a fighter though I don't
know but us beat me up all the time so I
thought that don't do something you
because you're so solid know nothing
hurts you always punch me because it
doesn't hurt you it does it hurt me no
wait everyone no way
I'll see you oh hey ah ah ah ah ah
see haha stupid anyway so I asked Bart
the exact same questions if you would
like to hear what he had to say about
cheaters and cheating and me cheating on
him please go ahead and check out his
video so sometimes you think you know
someone but you don't really know
someone until some crazy shit happens
and then the choices that they make
you're like oh I can do that so instead
of putting ourselves through some
crazy-ass shit we could just ask
ourselves some next-level questions to
see if I really know hey Hulk
