a masseuse I can always use it in
Melanie privatization personal secretary
I could definitely use one of those for
five years
mmm I think it wants to go with
housekeeper because I can buy I can pay
for good food anywhere anytime I want
well I mean again why don't we even put
a bomb mass shooter because you eat too
much I try to spend all that kind of
money that you find out and then a
chauffeur I don't know I I I really
enjoy driving it's like a sense of
freedom to me it's like the closest
thing I have to like wings okay going
back to the other question that u.s. is
one of the biggest countries with
driving culture that classic 60s 70s
post car driving down PCH top down a lot
of countries don't have that driving
culture where everyone can own a car
like in Japan everyone takes you're
taking a huge part of their lifestyle
and that's fine because the public
transportation in the u.s. specifically
la sucks balls so I've been to Europe
and I've been to Asia and their public
transportation is amazing so you don't
love driving that much time
well considering my situation right now
because you're asking me this question
for my lifestyle right now
but if I lived in another country then I
probably probably would paper somewhere
or something you know so are we going
back so what back now okay Dungey
sometimes life gives you for a new
ticket backward that's again wishy-washy
dude so good cook chauffeur housekeeper
masseuse or personal secretary which
would you choose
housekeeper sure right now for my
current lifestyle yes I need my
housekeeper um doesn't have kids
whoa latitude what is what is
well I mean because I just have like the
such on-the-go lifestyle that that like
I can grab food really easily I can like
get a massage whenever there's like time
for missus even if I had like that
service free I'm like never even home to
like enjoy the service but when I do get
home they can make the food and you can
take the food with you and it's bomb
that's what I'm talking about
but I don't even get to eat it right
away because it's like my schedule is so
hectic right now that it's like I want a
warm meal when I want to eat it not when
like you know what I mean well that's it
this what is the warm meal is always
waiting at home since you know our
lifestyle we work at the office which is
only five minutes away from my house
everywhere we go eat is about ten
minutes away
now instead of driving somewhere else
you can drive home and this person can
make steak Italian food sushi anything
you want you just have to go home boom
it's right something I enjoy being in a
very social atmosphere like I like
changing it a lot point out key words
you know I like you know in the old
social studies book they'll say
Christopher Columbus would I read Chris
of plumbing at all yes but yeah I would
pick I would pick the housekeeper
because so did I just get home get out
of these clothes and just kind of throw
it everywhere and then I go take a
shower and then I have to go somewhere
else and then it's like stuffs just
starts piling up and then it's just too
crazy in my head because I'm just like
oh I don't even want to be here because
it's so dirty oh I gotta go so what
about personal assistant they didn't
help you out with a bunch we can but and
that's only for five years and it's like
I don't even want to think about that I
rather just hire someone off the bat and
then just kind of like keep that
contract going for as long as I possibly
can and not have to think about oh my
god when is our time gonna expire you
know once you rely on anything for five
years
once that person leaves it's gonna be
chaos regardless of what it is a custom
lifestyle well I think I need a
housekeeper more than
Cortez's what about personal assistant
that's not even in the things it's just
a speck or Terry a social secretary yeah
I don't need that right now
I would I would prefer a housekeeper
more than anything because it's like
where I dwell if that place is just
hectic and chaos then it's like I have
no place to go because I can't be in a
dirty-ass environment and I don't have
time to clean it so it's like so right
now given my current situation I need
out that's the last question so this I
mean are you surprised that's my answers
like what do I get any feedback what's
going on with the press so the first one
I thought that's what I'm gonna choose
the first one which is the choosing the
sex or physical appearance of the child
I thought that's you're gonna choose the
second one with your first answer I was
kind of surprised because I was like
well that's crazy for a million dollars
like he loved USA a lot and then I don't
know I thought I thought you would
probably yeah I didn't even think about
it that far so it was like I was
surprised at your answer but then also
knew you're done so it was like okay I
made sense wherever I give you that and
the other one that the housekeeper I can
see that because our house is chaotic
every time our house it's like we should
do our best to maintain it but whenever
work fucking explodes then it pours over
into our house and sometimes you don't
do laundry for two weeks or like your
dog fur just laying on the floor because
machete so it gets crazy so I couldn't
see that but overall I think I guess I
know you pretty good baby if you guys
like these videos though or if you like
these questions let us know in the
comments because we have a bunch of
other crazy questions that we can keep
asking for next videos if you want to
see these crazy things and if you want
to know other weird stuff like her other
thumbs that are kind of weird no I don't
make things ever that was
there's just these fucking weird ones
that I got yesterday today shut up
anyway so I asked Bart the exact same
questions if you guys would like to hear
what he answered and how I reacted to
each of his answers go ahead and check
out his video until next time yeah a lot
of you gentlemen out there who are gonna
be like oh my god I hate shopping with
my girlfriend cuz she does this and she
does that
blah blah blah blah blah well newsflash
you guys are the exact same way but in a
very guy style
