what up so sometimes you think you know
someone but you don't really know
someone until some crazy shit happens
and then the choices that they make
you're like so instead of putting
ourselves through some crazy-ass shit we
just ask ourselves some next-level
questions to see if I really know hey
Hulk you shit doo-doo-doo-doo first
question is the first question is if you
could choose the sex and physical
appearance of your soon-to-be child
would you do it that's a very tempting
question because I'm a very healthy
person I've never had any issues I've
never broken any bones
shut up I've never broken any bones I
don't have like any weird things my side
your thumbs shot one of them videos and
systems press pause oh they won't do
that okay so besides this deformity that
I have but a lot of Asian cultures call
this um they say that I'm gonna make a
lot of money well we'll see we'll see
who's laughing when I'm depositing
checks in the bank okay okay whatever
you guys anyway so given that I've never
been like crazy sick and I don't like
make frequent visits to the hospital and
blah blah blah right like
I'm a pretty healthy person I'm not
allergic to anything so um and I'm
pretty athletic I guess you would say so
I would want to like make sure and
guarantee that my child is gonna do this
gonna be like the exact same way as I am
I wouldn't want them to have like any
sort of suffering in any sort of way so
with that I would want to be able to
pick like the sex and like the health
then like um what's that movie Gattaca
there's only two questions to ask the
first one has sex or physical appearance
they're not asking about immunity
they're not asking about just took it
okay fine just took it upon myself to
make the question little bit deeper but
if you're trying to cut me off so
quickly then I would say no I wouldn't
want to know because you wouldn't want
to know I wouldn't want to know I
wouldn't want to pick any of it because
I just want him to be born naturally how
it was meant to be like how the universe
and the Stars and everything wanted it
to come out so whatever they came out
with the ugliest parts of view and the
ugliest parts of me there's a lot of
those parts of both of us
yeah like weak they have those thumbs
but what would you do that's something
you're cool with and you had a choice
you you had let's say your fuck the best
baby comes out mom why am i fucked up
dad told me you had a chance to pick
however you wanted me to be and you said
no then I would be like I feel that it's
like that struggles trial in
tribulations really create this like
dope character in a person so I think
not until you're actually tested and
you're put through like a lot of like um
emotional I guess struggles in their
ears and stuff not trauma but I I think
that builds a lot of character and I
wouldn't want my kids to be like perfect
in any sort of way where it's like they
feel like life is super duper easy like
so you're telling me if you had a
good-looking ass baby you would beat
that way too easy so let's make a
challenging no I'm just saying that that
a lot of things build character and I
would just want them to come out
naturally how nature intended them to
come out like something as simple as my
name right Giovanna like it's such a
weird name that it stood out so much
people would make fun of me all the time
forever for a lot of things but that was
like one of the things that they would
always make fun of me poor but I've
learned to accept it and then I grew
into it and I absolutely love it but I
think that I grew a lot because I was
getting made fun of all the time so I
think I think any way that they're
supposed to be born I love it
I absolutely love it even if they come
out all fucked up as you said so you're
finding Anna if we have kids you're
gonna give a fuck about name like
Giovanna something like that or Spartan
talk about Barton Barton we were
destined to meet because our names are
both fucked up I know everyone calls you
bark bark okay next question ace would
you accept a million dollars us to leave
the country and never set foot in it
again I hate feeling any sort of
restriction there's no money in the
world that is going to die there's going
to like to keep me from doing whatever I
want to do like I'm so used to having
certain amount of freedom but you're
really saying there's no money in the
world
so someone were to give you a trillion
dollar if it's me by myself because this
question is pretty damn big yeah so do I
get to bring all my family do I get to
bring friends if that's what you do is
just by myself there's no money in the
world that can do that if I have a gumbo
zillion dollars but I could never set
foot in this country again and I've lost
everything there's no money that's okay
that's the phrasing let's say it is a
good bazillion and that is 2002 can fly
your family members
friends out of the country to whatever
paradises dinner anytime they say no to
that but what is like for example my mom
she hates flying there's no way that
she's gonna want to fly then you'd have
it right you you hire a pack of Camel
then you have your mom right on the
house yeah but good put jillion dollars
that's sure that's a good time like oh
my I wish I felt like I had something on
there we're doing that popped up and I
was like what's this white thing that's
on that's nasty
why double checking as any buggers well
yeah I mean when you put it like that
I'm gonna frickin moron and yeah why
didn't I think of it so you would think
yeah I would even think the really and
then it might go fly everyone else well
you have a million dollars leave the
country to do whatever you all want it
yeah and then I looked up the price for
you as a million the price per yeah yes
minimum so minimum a million down to
leave the country
well then I'm still beating myself that
I don't even think of it well but
whatever but some people really love
their country you're never gonna see LA
anymore never gonna see New York you
never seen Hawaii I'm but you lose all
your friends I mean Jeff my other friend
oh that's good devil's advocate there's
like this USA peace out especially
fields go bazillion but 4 million 4
million I do it invite peace USA you're
not even worth a million dollars to me
freedom what I routing over fuck rights
to bear arms fuck all that bullshit I'm
gonna go somewhere else where I have
half the freedoms i straight least put
it out 1 billion dollars ok
the next question is if you could have
free unlimited service for five years
from an extremely good cook you
chauffeur housekeeper masseuse or
personal secretary which would you
choose
all of them are extremely good I know so
for a good cook
so first my housekeeper masseuse
chauffeur no secretary joy driving
everywhere housekeeper is kind of moving
up on to the top of my list
