so right now we are enroute to go visit
our gym because we just recently signed
the lease now we get to actually step
inside and kind of play around with it a
little bit how they defense so I'm hella
excited for the gym and this whole idea
started with me hating working out at a
commercial gym because I like to lift
heavy I like to do CrossFit I like to do
circuits and those aren't very welcoming
exercises at a commercial gym because
you have to like keep a certain decor
and you can't have her intensity be too
high so like there's over the years as
my training got more advanced and as it
got more intense I just started to hate
commercial gyms more and more and more
so I started brainstorming I'm like what
can I do what can I do in other hey baby
and I have a miniature gym in the living
room and and lift hard quarters you go
so I started brainstorm a little bit
more and I was like what if I get a
shipping container 20 Porter 40-footer I
line it with rubber mats and then I have
a private gym and I just have to pay
like whatever the rental fee is and then
me Gok see all the homies can go and
workout in there and I'm just gonna Park
it at the back of the JK office when I
started talking about that idea with a
couple of people it seemed like there's
more people that were interested you're
like oh you want to create like this
hardcore training environment that's a
very barbell based and very functional
fitness base and then when I when this
idea started spreading around I was like
oh there's a lot of people that actually
like working out this way but commercial
gyms hold them back that's when that
kind of opened up my eyes it made me
think bigger and I was like well what if
we set up a legit hardcore gym where
everyone that likes to work out the same
way sweat the same way can all train
together and be together so we're coming
back in here to double check all our
measurements because the equipment's
gonna be coming in in a couple of weeks
so I'm just want to make sure everything
is squared away before they bring all
the equipment in yeah we got to make
sure that if
sixteen painting cleaning restoring any
of that stuff have to make sure that we
make all these arrangements and
realities details solid before things
starts coming inside and this is a
year's worth of planning strategizing
happy hell yeah coming to fruition and
we finally signed the lease and we have
our first barber Brigade la Jim and
Monterey Park
hello what is up y'all so today I am
back and I'm showing you guys my lower
body workouts I am doing box squats
today and this is actually gonna help
with my hip movement and your hips are
pretty much responsible for getting you
out of the bottom position
