good morning guys you know what's crazy
so it's really sunny right now and if
you look around it's all dry but it's
actually been raining at night isn't
that nuts la is such a crazy place when
it comes to weather so I think I learned
in my biology class
the climate is actually considered a
chaperone I think I learned it in high
school and what that means is it's a
desert it's a desert climate but it's
next to the beach well there's a song
that's on my Instagram with Tycho so I
think that's the reason why our weather
is so nice but also so crazy so because
it's the desert we don't have that many
greens like if you compare NorCal lush
greens like the forests up there or
Mammoth and Tahoe which I've never been
to but I see pictures and it looks dense
and then we have Big Bear we're just
trees and stuff but it looks kind of sad
a little bit and we have to kind of
force forcefully plant like all these
things that you see on the side most of
it is brush because it is desert but
because we're next to the ocean there's
a huge body of water that regulates the
temperature so even though we're it does
that we're not super hot and super cold
the way like Vegas is so that makes it
really really nice and then randomly we
get random like rain which we see we
almost never do so when I when we do
getting rain it actually makes me feel
good because you can feel the air
quality but we also have a lot of smog
and that's nothing to do with the
climate that just two of the people you
can
feel the ring like pull all that smog
out of that area he just feels really
crisp like when I went outside this
morning I'm like yeah this is nice
crisp air so I think today's rain really
marks the onset of fall it's officially
fallen out and I'm so excited because I
love love the end of the year when all
the seasons come and it's Halloween and
his Thanksgiving and then it's Christmas
I just love all those festivities
stopping by a 7-eleven right now I don't
know what happened but my coffee
strainer I think it's getting clogged
because now when I pour coffee and it
takes forever to make coffee on the
coffee drip through my multi cup coffee
maker so once and that's the cheap one I
bought that for like 40 bucks and a make
makes like 14 cups of coffee in five
minutes but I don't need to make that
much confidence just by myself so I'm
stopping by so but 11:11 and every time
I hit up like a gas station or liquor
store like this I usually take this
opportunity to clean out the little
trash that I'd have in my car because I
think everyone a lot of people always
ask me how do you keep your car so clean
because I was brag about how I keep my
car like a rental and that's how it's
it's not through
like me washing it like a motherfucker
every single week it's just like the
little piggies you know every time we
pull over if you see a trash can it's
gonna clear it out so I never really
have clutter in my car and that keeps it
like a rental there's actually my cars
actually kind of dirty like you look at
the water there's still like dirt and
stuff so I still definitely got to get
this car wash but on the inside though
it's clean
good ol 7-eleven coffee and my favorite
one hey Zanna please tell me you're not
out yes
oh yeah Danny see that steam - smells
awesome
nice cup of coffee in the morning
smells good I love the smell of hazing
creamer that they have my hazelnut they
got Irish cream
what is that coffeehouse caramel
macchiato
oh I've never tried this one before my
memory calories this one ass
so just try it
now I'm on a diet shouldn't be messing
around but well one hurt that's the
question you know what I gotta be
disciplined instead of just putting it
in the complication look it up first and
then see if it's good
okay I just looked it up and in one
serving just one tablespoon there's 35
calories which isn't bad six grams of
carbs 1.5 grams of fat but since I have
a big probably gonna need like two of
these if I get two of them that's gonna
be 7 B calories 12 carbs which is still
fine because this is all I'm gonna eat
before I train and then after I've
trained and when I drink to protein
shakes and then my meal for today is
only father to father so I do have
Springs I'm gonna try this out now I'm
feeling like maybe I should have got the
regular black coffee that might not
taste the true taste of caramel
macchiato then fucking tell my cock's
maybe get a hella bomb or a hell of a
bike just got to barbell now and it's
the moment of truth because the coffee
cooled down enough that's actually one
of the things I really about 7-eleven
coffee that it's so fucking hot
you actually can drink it immediately
why should I Asian dad and you have a
mouth of Steel but oh that color but now
the moment of truth to see how the
caramel macchiato and the hairs on that
mix together and I really hope I don't
smell this inside the car this might not
even be a good idea to be honest
Oh still hot it's pretty good I think I
actually needed one more serving cause
there's so much coffee now these things
are really deceiving looks not like a
big cup but I think if you were to
measure it it might even be three cups
of coffee that's really good
kinda get my workout in all right
getting pretty close to one of my top
sets either the last or the
second-to-last warm-up before my actual
working said it's 396 with just under
400 and usually
that's gonna go so we'll see how this
goes
they are playing Chris Brown this
Christmas is one of my favorite because
go
carolita belt some have to look at the
video and I'll let you guys know so I
just watched the video I actually moved
pretty good talker on a heavy could be
critiqued from this entire movie
so I'm gonna jump up to around 4:30 and
see how that mean I should enjoy it for
35 and see ya
all right here's 429 which is pretty
much 430 and the reason why it's a weird
number like that kilo place
my working set I'm trying something new
today
Oh supposed to be a volume day we're
hitting moderately heavy weight for
higher reps but I want to try doing a
heavy
heavy squat day on Fridays
try it out so I don't know that I did
squat heavy on money
which there
Oh kind of heavy move so I gotta watch
the video get see if I should jump up to
set a 4:45
pretty smooth not very smooth so I am 45
of my cash on my Instagram because this
isn't the barbell brigade channel I put
too much lifting stuff on you so if you
want to watch me lift and do the full
workout channel I'll catch up with you
guys after my workouts finished to be
really honest
today
judging
or maybe it doesn't mean we sounds like
legit reasons to you guys if you guys
are nice there doesn't mean any guys
think it's excuses it's madness reality
and I'm a kid and
I wake up a lot in the middle of night
if I still try to come in and get it
done I ended up hitting 444 two sets of
two and on the third set I only had it
for a wine it was really really heavy
and I'm not supposed to be grinding this
weight so I didn't want to try to go for
two I probably could have got it but I
would have been dead the next couple
weeks and then what was really cool like
the silver lining was I benched and my
first bench I think just because I went
into it with my head down in all my
father I fucked up on the squad whistled
smart had a bad squat workout I had 344
tuned it's really bad and I kind of got
my head in the game and I smoked the
other two sets for two so that went
really good and then I went for a polo
fan ride with two plates with 90 pounds
I got nine and a half so I felt good I
think I must start I'm about to start
the next block my training so tomorrow
instead of lifting hard I'm just gonna
do like bodybuilding maybe some cardio
just I'd give my body a little break
before I really tackle the next like
five to six weeks and really try to do
well at this meet but I still really
want to just smash it on my new little
body weight and make everyone proud Tyco
proud you guys proud ma bear proud
everyone proud and I said I'm a head
over to the office and get to the
meetings now usually when I get to the
office after I work out the first thing
I want to do a shower but I'm super
excited to show you guys the done
barbell Brigade office remodeling so I
gotta show you guys but it would it
really why'd you close the door okay so
the first thing to see is the new door
look at that
that's profession now so just kidding we
just copied David yeah yeah frosted
glass that was a good idea
you little bit of privacy so we got this
open it up and it exposes a meeting
that's happening
Oh oh yeah all these whiteboards put up
to pretend like we're doing work and
then with a printer no we've been having
this printer Joe just putting it
together a little bit of props but we
got and middle finger on there that's so
mean fine and then BAM we got the old
logo and the new logo existing at the
same time that's so poetic and then we
got the clothes I don't if I showed you
guys this already but we got the clothes
for the current collection and then
every new collection will go up there
will be updated so I think that's come
that's it everything else you've seen
we've already started working off those
clear whiteboard things that marketing
notes on there everything is coming
together okay now time for me to go a
shower I'm so tired usually the shower
thought it brings up my energy about
like 10% but I'm exhausted I'm super
Kimmy is that you're super late but you
still on the phone wait I'm not late we
meet at 1:00 yeah by 12:00 is it about
12:30
oh shit I'm early what do you have to
say for yourself yeah
wow what a small train just Canada oh
okay time to shower yeah we just wrapped
our Friday weekly corporate meeting and
today Jacob joined us not a Jim how did
you like the meeting how so many people
that had heard of it but maybe didn't
know are really putting so much detail
and emphasis to all the different
aspects of the business it was really
neat to see what everybody's working on
it how it comes together that's awesome
so Jacob is helping us with the Jim he
has a lot of experience in Jim's
escaping conditioning they trained a lot
of high-level athletes so it's really
cool to have someone bring that
expertise into our job that's yeah we
don't know what we're doing and that's
the area we want to get more into so
it's really quick let's go on my
Instagram you'll see Jacob who's
teaching you how to sprint like run for
the first time and that was really cool
to forget you weight fast yeah is that
realistic is that considered fast or no
is it what's the typical running back
40-yard dash for for it is what are your
men right now about five or six or seven
that's low would you start doing it for
a couple modular all right fine
you're strong enough that's not the
issue that's just getting your running
down look at he is freaking giant leg
muscles my mom says you have legs
for fast chicken mono anything about
Fitness yeah obviously she does this
like she just she just sucks obvi she
doesn't know anything about about
kitchen or fitness and they're small but
they're very muscular that's right she
did say they were small yeah and your
mom's just checking me out too on my way
back home I was really cleaning my way
back home I was feeding pause I've been
feeding possible for the last couple of
days and I saw that we have some
spaghetti left no pasta big if goal and
so I get call so I want to make some
pasta because all of the parts that you
buy at a restaurant is super high
calories so I can make this with like
the fat free cooking spray and I'll be
way cheaper
I bought some garlic they also bought
some another one expired that's why and
then I bought some chicken breast so you
keep it low calorie so I'll be able to
I'm gonna do a lemon pepper on this one
lemon pepper maybe some onion powder
garlic on this guy and I'll make dinner
for the family and it'll be a low
calorie dinner and I get to hit my num
nums and my stomach's my Emma tons and I
got in debt because are running out and
this is a must-have
oh are you the spokesperson for every
freakin food out there you're freaking
Cubana
me love this pose Persephone we love to
alright the first step is seasoning that
you come and I used garlic sound and the
onion beeper and the beeper I kind of
fucked up and put too much pepper on I
usually I forgot that I was cooking
chicken and I like my steak peppery not
my chicken peppery but the good thing is
later on I'm gonna use some of these
Lemone so I look like a wash some of it
off but if if not it's not gonna be too
bad I'm thinking still smells good I'll
be alright
I'll be alright next thing I'm doing is
boiling some more tear sucker throw this
motherfucker in this motherfucker this
is right up by oh shit
yeah I'm gonna do that i'ma lose a
little bit of Looney tune right now I'm
kind of tired chop these guys up for the
pasta and time to cooking whoo-whee look
at that fire nice and hot just how I
like it I like my heat hella high
operation healthy dinner pasta is done
so out of this whole thing I pretty much
used only one tablespoon of butter for
flavor everything also uses 99% fat free
cooking spray put a little bit Parmesan
cheese salt pepper and that's done
tastes pretty good I'm really happy with
the chicken breast this chicken pies
easy little dry so I hate white me but
I'm on a diet so I have to but I cooked
it and it's actually pretty juicy I was
able to get some juice left in the
middle this stuff is kind of a little
bit raw so I'm gonna just throw it on
the pan real quick and I'll be in charge
of eating this but it tastes really good
so let's see let's get a taste test
taste test this is chicken breast keep
that in mind is it awesome yeah I'm
really scared of chicken breast is easy
for dry so that was good sealing let's
get someone else someone
let's get someone else to test it okay
taste test taste test taste test is it
good I usually hate I usually hate
chicken breast I usually hate chicken
breast because it dries out so easily
awesome dinner served you guys ready
ding ding ding mission accomplished
grandpa came to visit which is always
awesome because he's the only other one
besides me who can speak Chinese and we
want him to get as much Chinese action
as possible to implant it into his
little brain cells and I really like
what my dad holds him cuz uh I've never
seen this soft side of my dad before my
dad really loves them which is awesome
and I can only imagine like if that was
me my dad that's how my dad used to look
at me when I was a little baby except
there's a little more love probably Oh
what you know like Asian dads are pretty
tough when they're like during their
prime now when they're young they're
pretty tough so now they left their
guards down and they're able to pass on
all this extra love to these little kids
like this guy tiger this is three
generations of my dad's life is you know
I'm saying that's a very funny
positioner sitting
technical of this grandpa all our room
lights are off so you know what time it
is a snap nap time for the boy boy boys
loud to say that listen to him eat
yellow savage it's almost like the
liquid can't come out fast enough
have you seen how much comes out no it's
literally like the tiniest microscopic
fucking stream
well it's like a very thin stream like
dinner than like an eel that's because
the nipples made for newborns was it
nipple yeah because that's how much the
breast milk comes out like that 200 like
the most so my boob the most I've seen
gush out is like other moms might say
it's different I don't produce like a
shit in the milk but I've had like three
dreams like really skinny streams come
out amendable so because once the baby
it might be a lot of food in defense
instead of newborns they have a
different up alright that one gushes way
more yeah a lot more
yeah but then kicks doe my little monkey
man I like what keeps his hands teeth he
says the whole boat good boy
all right well both parents left after
Bart's dad left we went for a little
walk as a family around the neighborhood
and that was really really nice and the
boy started crying because he was hungry
and I feel like he eats every single
hour now so here we are feeding the king
of the Bale world
Papa's holding on for dear life
even though he sleeps way more than I do
oh hell yeah are you kidding me you nap
too I do that yes you nap yesterday you
can't be for 30 minutes and that's a nap
well I mean it you need it I need it
what are you talking about look at this
fucking face you see this you see this
hair this hair is not because I'm happy
and I'm all rested posed all rest of the
girls did you know because I came to
take care of my son like a good mom like
a good parent no I'm just more attached
to him than you are I did know that
doesn't that's just being responsible
with the hell you freaking Asian anyway
I'm gonna stop punking papa
he's had enough
find a fire fine I'm done I'm done but
yeah thank you guys so much for watching
we're wrapping this day up after this
guy goes down we're going down so again
thank you for watching see you guys
tomorrow
