so shopping a lot of you gentlemen out
there we are gonna be like oh my god I
hate shopping with my girlfriend cuz she
does this and she does bad blah blah
blah blah blah well newsflash you guys
are the exact same way but in a very guy
style no uh-huh
guys are all fast fast with shit they
don't care about when it comes to stuff
that you care about you guys take free
can't for ever and guess what so
wishy-washy you can't even make up your
mind no when I care about something I'm
super fast I already did research no way
for example with this guy uh he wanted
to buy like a knife or something right
he had already done his research prior
to going to the store
so we're there and he's literally there
for like an hour if not longer at this
like display case looking at these
different knives and I'm sure that guy
looked at he was that was helping Bart
was getting it irritated because he's
all like can I see this one oh can I see
the one way at the bottom in the back by
the corner that no one's ever looked at
because they don't want it cuz it's a
piece of shit can I get that one this is
it sound familiar at all uh-huh uh-huh
and you like compare it and then you're
like trying to look at everything and
then you're like you're like well be
ready to give this like I'm like
whatever cause to me it's they all look
the same I don't go by knives with all
my guy friends dead no I'm just saying
that you're also you take forever when
it's tough you care about and then you
and then he'll like if they come with a
co-host or whatever he has to like try
it on he's like do the coop he's like
we're trying to buy shoes oh my god
forget it cuz then he'll be like do you
think these are gonna look good with
stuff how can you dress these up not
like dude come on I don't care just get
whatever the hell you want to get I
thought you knew what you want long as
all that think it was here like five
minutes you wish stick when I'm sitting
there and I'm just like on my phone like
yeah yeah
that looks good yeah and I'm just sure
don't you dare lie see these are like
yellow night you guys
it might seem like a long time to you
but for real guys all guys no here we go
shopping it's better being better boom
bap that's it it's only butter bing bada
boom when you're getting like clothes
that you can that you kinda don't really
care about I'll give you that Bart's a
really fast shopper when it comes to
clothes because here Dee has like this
style in his head so he'll go in and
then he'll like he'll go to like to like
the specific section that he wants oh
listen he's getting pants right he'll go
to this the pants section and then he'll
be like okay I want this closed disco
disco cooler this is my size good to go
and then he's also pretty cool about not
going into the dressing room which is
kind of ghetto but I don't waste your
time I love him but feel like try on his
clothes like literally on the floor
where everyone is shopping and he's
probably getting in the way of like
other shoppers but he'll like hold on
his pants or whatever he's wearing and
then he'll try on the pants I have
underwear on which is you I mean it's
still pretty I mean why the hell create
dressing rooms then for the people that
don't have underwear fine I have
underwear so I can change and people
aren't bothered by it okay and I'm
saying I appreciate that you don't need
to get all defensive here I'm giving you
a compliment and I'm fast so I don't
want you to wait for me to get all the
way all it's a dressing room they give
me a key and then I go inside and I
change it and come back I appreciate it
thank you so much but when it comes to
stuff that you care about you take
freaking forever
that knife example I don't even know
what you're talking about I don't even
have a knife on me no there's a lot of
times were cut by a knife I don't
remember I think you got it for my dad
yeah well your dad that sauce
considering all these things if it's fun
myself it better be but it's not it's
not cuz you're even you even have to
like try it on
okay he has what are those shoes that
you just bought those Nike the neon ones
that Roshi okay so he just bought some
road she's right we went to like seven
different stores trying to are you
kidding me alright like four or five no
yes
have one that you wanted no some of the
stores didn't even have them so that one
doesn't even count it only counts that
the store counter starts counting once
the store a has the shoe you want B has
the size and everyone knows this if you
went to ten stores and none of them
qualify for those two those guys are
just caused by I'll give you that then
but it all has to happen on the exact
same day we couldn't go another day it
has to happen right then and everyone
knows once you you get on a run you just
can't stop okay you have to finish and
then he had to try on like several sizes
just to make sure that he had the
perfect one
I only trial one size every single time
and I'm a size 10 it doesn't matter what
Brad what type of shoe was a size then
after he had him on his feet he was like
you look pretty good on my feet right
it's cuz I had didn't ankles or if it's
not taking forever with stuff that he
cares about then he takes forever with
stuff he doesn't even need for example
for example sure when we go to Costco
specifically Costco I always have to
tell them babe these are the only three
items that we need you can't get
anything else because there's been prior
occasions where we go and this guy comes
out with like some shit that he didn't
even need like what for example there
was this one time all I needed was dog
food toilet paper and I forgot what else
there was one more thing oh and in a
toothpaste right that's all we needed
that was it so we going to Costco for
three P cuz totally papers so cheaper
cause if you don't know shit you're like
48 of em yeah and then the dog looks
like pretty healthy for a pretty inning
hello it's Costco what are the budget
years true okay because booth so well
I'm trying to go down the aisles that I
need to go for these three specific
items this dude kind of disappears he
comes back like several minutes later
and he
like mother I need to buy these acai
berry like treats because look it look
it I've been like breaking up and like
I've heard that this is gonna be good
for me and I'm like what the hell you
don't need this crap and then he'll be
like mother I got these vitamins that
needed but I'm like what the hell we
didn't see that we needed to buy this
why are you buying all this shit you
don't need it's not my fault
Guadalupe it tantalize me at third with
the Sun tantalizing you again yeah she
was standing there with the shower cap
is you were like this and then I came
over and I had to try those berries no
yes no everyone knows Costco is about
the samples and if you try it you if you
try it and it tastes good you know how
bad you look when you take a sample and
the Guadalupe it looks at you and you
just walk away without
