you know how bad you look when you take
a sample and the Guadalupe it looks at
you and you just walk away without looks
as bad as it does when you're changing
out in public in front of a lot of
people no I have underwear hard you make
it seem like I don't wear underwear
they're gonna get the wrong picture I
don't know they don't want to see your
butt curvature well I'm asking about
people don't want to see you but I work
underwear to Cosco to anyway and Costco
is the land of zoo shopping it's like a
zoo in there not only are you shopping
and buying stuff you get to check out
all these cool things that you don't
even know if you need but because it's
there and you could buy it sometimes
like we bought that big-ass berry look
at that big bear why did we why did we
buy that bear cuz it's fucking awesome
who wanted that there are there I wanted
the Bears oh now where is the bear I
guess how many bears a pot we bought
three of those bad boys we only watch
you when it was for father to say okay
we wanted to fuck three of them one for
your dad one for my dad and then one for
us yeah and I don't like stuffed animals
at all but this freakin weasel wazzle
needed to buy a freaking bear that I was
like beep are you shopping as awesome a
big it is
this guy is literally like 6 feet tall
and you can like squeeze them like this
in your hands don't meet in the back
because that's how huge this bears so
already I'm not a big fan of stuffed
animals and I already don't want it
right and it's freaking huge so I can
already imagine all the different places
that it's gonna take up space and it's
gonna get in my way so I'm like babe is
not gonna get nowhere
stop it this is my this is my story
talent I'm okay okay no need to argue
with the faster so then I was like I can
already imagine is gonna get in the way
and he's like new we can have it on the
bed and we cannot just get off snuggly
oh I'm like alright fine but in the back
of my head I'm like yeah whatever dude
I already know where it's gonna be it's
gonna end up on the couch and then from
the couch we're in and put probably
putting it in the shed because it's
gonna get in the way of everything that
you've never even seen the light of the
shed yeah where is it right now it's
sitting on a speaker in the corner of
our living room
protecting the whole place I don't
animals dare come inside it looks super
cute as fuck but did you hear that
nowhere in that census did he say it's
on the bed and we've snuggled with it
Severin I did that like three days that
are wrong when we got him well anyway
the point of this storytelling time is
to say that he's probably gonna point
all these fingers at me saying that I
don't know what I want when I go
shopping and I probably take forever you
do anywho and I'm just trying to stay a
point here that you're the exact same
way because with my Costco example I've
nearly proven to you that I can stick to
an agenda and get what I want when I
want it quickly and efficiently that
cost for example doesn't even qualify
because everyone knows when you do
Costco shopping it's a whole new set of
rules they have everything and anything
in there they have eight ninety six pack
of sausages all the way to Martha
Stewart's new book you have to go and
look at everything and it's there for
you to buy it equals stuff but we
already go with an agenda and a game
plan and we need to stick to that game
plan it's kind of like war zone in there
the water that gives us such a huge
shopping cart
they're trying to distract you it's
called marketing and you're a big baby
that falls for it every single time but
then when I happen to do it I'm at fault
I take forever I don't know but when you
go to Costco everybody knows it's game
time it's shopping they have cameras
they even have $2,000 watches in there
they got everything have mountain bikes
you're supposed to look and say
everything in common I'll give you
another example there's this really
trendy shop in Little Tokyo in LA all I
wanted to do it's this like thrift
thrift store that I live in watch
something something pop I throw it it's
wrong if you guys know what it's called
let me know um it's not called panic pop
it's called something pop anyway so I'm
like hey babe can we just go in there
and just window shop window shopping
just means to look and you know that
means we don't even go inside we mean
that means we just stand outside look
through the window
literal anyway anyway so I go in there
right and I'm just looking at stuff
because in my head I already know we're
just window-shopping so we're just gonna
look at the store we're gonna kill some
time and then we're just gonna walk
right out
no we sure that's already it for a
window shopping we should have been from
the outside once we walk in there once
you walk in there with no agenda like
you say it is it's free for all long
story short he walked out with these
big-ass fucking glasses that looked like
they were made out of black play-doh and
he's only worn them twice there are ten
bucks you see what I'm saying
you're freakin ridiculous you drive on
the rock I never seen any place with
those is where there's only ten but no
one else has ever seen anything like
that before because you never wear them
it's like what's the pole I did I wore
them but then I realized it hurt my head
cuz it was kind of tight on the sides I
couldn't because you have a really big
I'm a big head and it fit good enough
felt good for the first five minutes but
don't I wore it and drove like thirty
minutes and it kind of cut off the
circulation to my temples I don't wear
them it I wish it would have cut it off
completely I like them though whatever
but we spent a good chunk of time like
freaking thirty minutes you wanted to go
in there to window-shop and we both
agreed we could have done that on the
outside
you can't cuz they don't have all the
stuff on display on them so what about
all those little Instagram pictures
you're taking it though yeah right I
don't do that that's not me go to my
Instagram and and you'll see that
clothes ripping there's no you're
tripping anywho so yeah that's that's
the torture he puts me through but yet
he still points fingers that I'm the one
that takes forever when I'm shopping
everybody knows that girls take forever
even my mom takes forever no what the
fuck she wants it's not a gender thing
it's just on the person and how much
interest they have and the thing they're
trying to buy no it's just all I've
never seen a girl shop fast if there was
a shopping competition and good girls
were in it they would take prior like
four months straight and do it
ever find a winner I don't know I can't
argue with that because I have to see
this competition go down but it sounds
kind of shit it is very true you put you
put like two hours of clothing in that
and then you put three girls in there
and I'll bet you they're gonna try on
every single article clothing that is
already wrong that's why you're always
best if you go home and it doesn't fit
you have to go and return to I tell you
to try on clothes cuz I'm trying to be
fast you see how are you being fast if
you're dragging me back to the store and
then you torture me one more time no
kind of these people I'm not trying to
hang out with you like that
you we buy the clothes it doesn't fit
now you're dragging me ass dragon miles
back to the store and then you have
another shopping torture frenzy girls
are gonna understand why we do that okay
we just don't like to try stuff on and
then it just gives us another excuse to
go back all you have to do is wear
underwear and you could try it on
immediately like clothes I do wear
underwear you weirdo the waters you just
change really fast
see if it fits anyway so to wrap up this
story of all these lies that he's about
to frickin tell you and all the facts
that I just stated if you would like to
hear Bart's perspective on what it's
like shopping with me which I'm sure
it's gonna be one or just horrible I
hate shopping with her this channel
until next time y'all at the beginning
it's really exciting and it's really fun
because you're like oh let me wash your
hair and here I got Chi and I'm
scrubbing and then you guys have such
and you make like cute little beard and
shit out of all that stuff but then
after about a handful of times that you
guys keep taking showers together it
kind of becomes a routine and in a
routine there's a bunch of shit that you
just don't fucking life
