hello what is up y'all so today I am
back and I'm showing you guys my lower
body workouts i am doing box squats
today and this is actually going to help
with my hip movement and your hips are
pretty much responsible for getting you
out of the bottom position specifically
today I'm doing box squats wide stance
and I think it is actually very
important that you switch up your stance
because if you play sports like myself I
play volleyball um you're never gonna
like try to like jump up and hit a ball
with like the same stance every single
time so it's a lot more of functional
fitness by switching up the stance here
and there are some tans and I am doing
pyramid style so that means i am adding
more weight and doing less reps today
i'm trying to do something a little bit
different in terms of my camera movement
whoa hi i contact um and i just want to
show you guys just my position whoa i
had some trouble there you're gonna see
Bart saved my life again and I just
wanted to show you guys my form it's not
the best form but it's a lot better than
a lot of other beginners that I've seen
so I just want you guys to see it from
all different angles Thank You Bart I
don't even know why you're wearing a
belt dude and here's another position
look at that slope I'm still practicing
low bar at this point um I recently went
to the gym today and I started
practicing high bar so the more recent
videos that I start posting up you're
gonna see more high bar but here it's
just low bar and I felt like I could
have done my stance a lot more wider
this was the first time actually did
wide stance bought squats and it was
actually pretty damn beneficial oh fail
here we go squat cleans technically this
is a power squat clean and I like it
because it's just a full body workout I
didn't realize how much of your body you
need to do you need to jump you need to
front squat you need to back squat you
need freakin grip control you need Oh
oh that was awesome seriously if you
don't respect the bar dude the bar is
gonna make you respect it and with this
since it was the very first time I just
kept repeating it over and over again
not really weird too much about the
weight i just wanted to work on my form
which for all of you guys that know how
to clean and squat clean and do all
these awesome different types of cleans
you can tell that i have a horrible
posture really so elbows I think the
weight was just way too light for me
definitely not enough pop in the hips
and I'm not even catching at the right
time so I hope you guys enjoyed that
this is a really short video for you
guys um just to see my progress again I
never try to teach you guys anything
really crazy because I never know what
the fuck I'm talking about but just
showing you guys my progress and if you
guys have any tips or ideas or just any
type of feedback please let me know in
the comments below I appreciate those
and I look forward to looking at all of
those show til next time peace hey what
up y'all so the time has finally come we
are opening up our official barbell
Brigade gem if you guys have been
looking for an environment that is full
of beasts and crazy energy and you can
like scream and work without a shirt on
and use a bunch of chalk and just throw
a bunch of crazy I sweet around then the
time has finally come Bart and I have
been planning this shit out for a whole
year and the time has come so if you
guys are interested in working out in
our barbell brigade Jim please check out
the description below you will find the
link WWF barbell Brigade comms flash gym
I hope to see you guys there hey what's
up y'all so i'm back with the gangsta
ass workout but this is part two the
first part was all lower body but today
we're gonna do all upper body for those
of you that don't know what i'm talking
about the gang stats workout consists of
this four sets the first set is 20 reps
the second set is 15 reps the third set
is 12 reps and the very last set is 10
reps
