so your relationship has finally hit a
different level you guys are no longer
super shy and awkward around each other
and you're kind of okay with being naked
in front of each other now so it it
comes to the be at that time where you
guys are just kind of taking showers
regularly and it's really exciting and
it's really fun and I'm not saying just
for sex alone because you know when you
take a shower it's just a very intimate
vulnerable state that you guys both are
in and it rolls all out yeah yeah
wait is all out yeah yeah oh all of it
is all out of or everything is just
dangling right so it's you guys are just
like in your rawest form right at the
beginning it's really exciting and it's
really fun because you're like oh let me
wash your hair and here I got Chi and
I'm scrubbing and then you guys have
such and you make a cute little beards
and shit out of all that stuff but then
after about a handful of times that you
guys keep taking showers together it
kind of becomes a routine and in a
routine there's a bunch of shit that you
just don't fucking like like what
so for example Bart and I we see this
all the time the barn I've been together
now for about five years and in the
beginning it was like that for us it was
very exciting very fun it was cute but
then I just got tired of getting elbows
to the mouth of people peeing on our
part elbows you in the mouth all the
freaking time wish there's so many times
there's so many times where I just get
angry and I wish I could just like save
it in the shower explain yeah right okay
so so I'll admit in the beginning I used
to be like oh honey do you want to take
a shower together yeah and then he'd be
like yeah and then we take a shower
together
right mm-hmm and then
happen like I get in the shower first
set it up all nice because I like to
have my water freakin well you're a hot
boiling want me because that's the only
way I feel clean like I like scrubbing
the whole day of like oil and dirt and
just nastiness all off of my body might
feel like it's really hot
why should just get bleach in a
sandpaper then if I didn't smell that I
would totally do that once you get
rubbing alcohol sandpaper then if it
didn't smell good rubbing up on Saturday
David didn't dry out my skin trust me I
would be doing all of that hot water
dries the fuck out of your skin I don't
know it doesn't look dry to me right now
but anyway so I set it up perfectly
right and I'm in there first I'm getting
ready and then this dude cuz like our
shower it's not like the sliding door
kind it's literally like a box and it's
just glass so we can see in and out
there's no curtain there's nothing that
we hiding it and I just see this dude
mom back sure can I can I come in and
I'm like her fuck inside like I love you
babe and I got so much fun spending time
with you but when it comes to the shower
I'm like fuck I come in and the first
thing he does when he steps putting the
showers ah it's and he's like trying to
avoid the water she's like but so hot
boil yes it's like hot love in there
right but I didn't invite you so I'm
sending it up this is my house I'll be
outside like mowing the lawn or like do
it so you don't have a lawn we don't
even have a long way roofing the house
he doesn't even know where the hell
you're going
she perfectly should she like wiped the
steam and a little just so you can see
the eyes in the finger yeah I'm like
all right I kick off my heart and my
leather belt when I come down that's
that's 100% truth and then um so that's
the first thing he does right and then
we're like spending ten minutes just
fighting over the knob of like hot-cold
hot-cold hot-cold and as we're like like
washing our head and stuff like I have
to keep an eye open cuz I see his sneaky
ass man
like going to just switch it a little
bit colder so that's 31 I know what
doesn't even affect you little liar eyes
so much and he likes so I like it
there's the times where you're like oh
it's so hot this is perfect and then I
snuck my hand in there and I twist it a
little bit and it got cooler and then
you're like oh this is still so hot and
so perfect and I'll do like two more
notches on it ha ha you don't even need
to have it that high I don't know why
you're trying to like melt the tiles off
the wall no way no way I'd like to feel
clean and then cuz already are you know
I'm probably pretty dirty but then but
then like I like that it's so hot that
it creates like the steam and I like the
steam to just kind of sit there but then
he has to go outside of the shower touch
the frickin vent so that all this cold
air gets mixed with my hot relaxing
steam and then I'm kind of like freezing
because you know if you're not in or
like underneath the water your ass is
cold no you're perfect
no no it feels awesome it's not and then
that's another thing because he's so
wide we have like our our showers
literally like four by four so it's
already pretty damn cramped and if you
can tell by our shoulder width he's a
lot wider than I am uh-huh not the same
look with not so he's already taking up
most of the water so I'm forced off to
the side I know a lot of you guys out
there that are gentlemen like this
freakin douche bag I'm a gentleman - no
you're - you're not
because he'll just start like washing
himself and like he gets underneath oh I
don't like this off to the corner like
you can rip two shower heads yes and you
take both of like one of them no you
don't I use the one that is warm right
before your body is already whiter than
that where it's so squished anyway so
that's just the shower head and the
temperature right so he has this habit
of life he knows I'm right in front of
him like he knows we're taking a shower
we're usually facing this way and he
knows it because before like he's been
looking at me we've been having
conversations but for some reason he'll
get so friends that's the thing and he
goes like this
so he's as he's washing his face he
decides to spit and I don't spit on
purpose but you know I'm right in front
of you so I get a mouth full and a face
full of like soap because he does it and
I'm like fuck like why it's in the
shower as soon as it touches you the
water just rinses it off yeah but the
funny thing is you're underneath the
water cuz I'm off to the corner freezing
my ass off just come close to me I can't
because then if I come close to him and
I'm like washing my own hair right
I hear this full giggling and then I'm
like what's so funny I look down he's
peeing on my leg how many you guys mind
that no one even mind you if you don't
like someone peed on you right I love
pee in the comments if you don't know I
don't do it it's my channel don't do it
don't do it he's trying to trick you
Oh nobody likes me I don't even I don't
mind if you peed on me that is just a
thought none of my mouth or eyes the
only time I would ever piss on you is it
like something stung you what is it
jelly Oh a jellyfish stung you I don't
know if that's real is that a myth I
don't know but that's the only time I
can ever think of wanting to voluntarily
like pee on you and feel some sort of
joy but you let's go I don't have a
wiener okay that's probably if you have
a winner you would love to pee on stuff
that's probably cheese it does look like
a lot of fun but I really don't
appreciate it especially if you're doing
it in a very sneaky fashion
so if I if I announce it time to pee
then it's cool with you no it's not cool
it just gives me a heads up and I'm
gonna say no don't do it don't do it
you're being very sneaky how about
distance am I allowed to pee on the
floor in the shower yeah you do it all
the time okay what it might not learn to
shower and then it slightly runs on the
side of your foot no never
