why because as soon as I do that I can't
control that I see oh you see what I
gotta put up if I pee on the side of
wall and it might come down it might
before hits the drain hole that might
rub against your foot
that's horrible is that okay no I don't
like it I control that I can you turn
that off you see what I gotta put up
with and I even respect the fact of like
if he's in the shower first then fuck it
I just gotta suck it up and I got to
deal with it because he's the winner men
always in the shower first he's not he's
not you're not stop it I don't even like
taking a shower with you anymore because
I'm constantly getting all jacked up
like you're always hitting me in the
boob or you always like stepping on me
or like he'll do this thing where like I
step on you it's about laying down no
you're stepping on my foot all the time
and I'm always constantly trying to turn
you so where we both fit better and I'm
like so courteous with you and you like
disregard that I'm even alive and even
in that shower uh-huh cuz you're so
massive compared to me I'm like always
getting tossed around in there I'm only
like 10 pounds ever than you and you
wish your freaking pinky weighs more
than like my arm
I'm hydrate like 170 I'm like 180 we
said that that's very good but I just
don't know what happened yeah cuz in the
beginning it used to work out like we
were both very happy and we would laugh
and and you were courteous you wouldn't
piss on me all the time
I think it's cuz in the beginning when
we come in whoever's in the shower like
let's say if you're in the shower first
and it's like piping hot because I want
to take a shot with you so bad like oh
honey hey take your shot together and
then like I could I could feel like the
blisters form from second-degree burns
okay like if I'm taking a shot I'm your
pilot like oh just this is really normal
but um let me let me act like it it's
really cold can you come in so why does
that change why can't you just suck it
up can't dream
hey why because it's so freakin er okay
you know that for me I could tie my
shoelaces too fast and I will start
sweating that's how hot I am I belong in
Alaska with t-shirt and shorts for reals
for me the perfect temperature is
probably like 60 65 degrees if I'm not
doing any activity if I'm doing activity
like vacuuming the temperature should be
55 degrees so you knowing that when you
have the water at like frickin 200
degrees I'm burning like crazy fine I'll
just fine we can cook eggs in that water
high but it every time she takes a
shower she uses 1 bar of soap - the
whole thing is melt no that's not you
right it is hot with that country as
much as I freaking hate when you want to
take a shower with me because I'm
constantly having to watch my like I
seriously have learned to like keep my
eyes open with there's a bunch of
shampoo in them because I'm so afraid
she's gonna like credit card me with his
fucking depend on my ass or like you
like pinch my nipples all the time and
it sucks
are you like poke me where he's not
supposed to poke me and it's like a very
where am I not supposed to fuck you so
the waist down all the time and I
fucking hate it cuz it's good that's not
even meant to be romantic it's just him
being like a 9 year old little boy that
find shit hilarious
it's like it's like a dick and fart joke
for him so he'll just like poke at me
and I'm like this right and I'm just
like man you're my own business and I'm
thinking like God what I gotta do today
and then this fool poked my oh shit what
the hell would you motherfuck you like
that you do it it's still all I do all I
do all I do is this I barely go this is
her I bet you like this all you need to
do Oh
I barely touch Eva rested me so much in
the shower I'm telling you I'm doing
this thing I know that it wasn't meant
to be palpable it just pinches my nipple
for no reason don't try to see if it's
gonna turn you on or not nope Oh rob is
what the friends girls on not fucking
pinch when there's like no hos sexual
anything going on like anything we're in
the shower at this point there's there's
no sexual stuff going on it's just we're
talking about business we're making
jokes we're just talking about our day
we're just or things that we've learned
like it's it's like seriously just two
friends taking a shower but this will
takes it to the next level and he just
fucks with me in there all day and it's
very uncomfortable but on the flip side
of that that's kind of what I miss
sometimes and don't get a big head but
that's what makes it a lot of fun and
sometimes I forget about all the bad
stuff and I do slip up and I'm like babe
do you want to take a shower with me and
then he's like yeah and then he comes
with his big ol head and he runs in and
as soon as he opens it and he opens his
mouth about how hot it is I'm like ah
fuck why would I do this if if there has
to be one rule that if you can have a
rule well would you rather have pinching
her nipple oh my god peeing on you so
what well well we'll compromise right
now let the world be our witness well my
dress isn't blow compromised right now
wait a minute to pick one no wait a
minute where do I win which one is a
winning one I'm not gonna be in triple
that'd be on you
at all oh my god we'll take baby steps
baby steps which one that's not right
would you rather have another one would
she not fair no I don't even want to
answer that yeah
okay find it tonight or you're not gonna
take a shower flat by these two weeks in
two weeks I'm gonna pinch your nipples
MP Anya and punku and applying fine if I
end up punching me in the face and he
has a black eye then you'll know why he
got it you only wanna pick no I don't
ever choose I'm not stuffing that's not
fair I'm trying I'm trying to negotiate
and compromise and you're pretty much
the one you're not I think the best rule
right now that we can apply is that
whoever gets in the shower first the
person that comes in second has to abide
by the first person's rule then it's
perfectly good system and I think that's
the way it should work out but with all
this shit that I said and all the bad
stuff that I pointed out I would much
rather take a shower with you than with
any because it kind of is a lot of fun
trying to dodge elbows and like China
like dodge the cold water all the time
that's true because I'll be like
relaying the flooring living room my
tool belt on putting on you know like
what do with drawers or putting ground
between tiles and shit like you summer
come in the show and I'm like ah halfway
done just regrouting all the entire
floor alright kind of it going oh thank
you so much you're crazy
what but anyway at the end of the day we
do absolutely love each other and it's
always a good time because we do end up
singing and want personal beatbox the
beat and the other one starts like
reading a rap so it's always a lot of
fun taking a shower with you uh Lex
it's like pitch perfect in there
sometimes I like the power the two girls
are like with each other with like
intense I conduct it's not no but well
seeing will harmonize at least we think
we're harmonizing I know we sound
fucking puddin is everything in the shot
sounds good sounds good and there are
two mics there's two showerheads yes
they're not the Hoggett we dance but if
you guys would like to hear parts
perspective on the pleasurable
experience that he has taking a shower
with me please go ahead and visit his
channel adios
hey what up y'all so the time has
finally come we are opening up our
official barbell Brigade gym if you guys
have been looking for an environment
that is full of beasts and crazy energy
and you can like scream and work without
a shirt on and use a bunch of chalk and
just throw a bunch of crazy ice weight
around then the time has finally come
Bart and I have been planning this gym
out for a whole year and the time has
come so if you guys are interested in
working out in our barbell brigade gym
please check out the description below
you will find the link WWE barbell
Brigade comm / gym I hope to see you
guys there so why is it that girls are
always being blamed for being
wishy-washy when the guys do it just as
much if not more than females do it guys
are never wishy-washy
