so why is it that girls are always being
blamed for being wishy-washy when the
guys do it just as much if not more than
females do it guys are never wishy-washy
okay so because they're never
wishy-washy I'm gonna give you a couple
examples of how Bart is never
wishy-washy okay okay so last week we
were coming we we were coming from our
place we're driving to work every
morning
we always work out at the gym right so
we were already pretty tired and our
they hadn't even started yet right
sounds like hey babe can we can we drive
to McDonald's and can we get some coffee
because their coffees pretty bombed
there actually so he's like all right
cool I'll get it and then I was like oh
are we gonna get the huge and the huge
consists of you know ice black coffee
and then you know just regular iced
coffee
we're me extra ice extra ice right so
like are we gonna get the huge she's
like no actually I don't I don't want
any coffee right immediately I was like
in my head I was like shit I already
know he's gonna be drinking my coffee
and I'm like beep are you sure you don't
want any coffee I'm like we're gonna be
working quite a bit and you know we're
both pretty tight like actually I'm good
like are you sure like I asked him twice
this is I was sure fine I was super
energetic I was well-rested
I didn't need no coffee okay so he
didn't need no coffee smells like all
right cool maybe I'm tripping maybe I'm
just thinking about this way too much
all right cool
I get my coffee our office from that
McDonald's is no more than three minutes
away we get to the office I finally
settled down and into my desk I have all
my stuff ready to go I'm ready to work I
set my coffee down literally ten seconds
later this bull walks out of his office
onto my desk and starts drinking like
and I'm like what the hell I thought you
didn't want any coffee then he goes I
don't know I changed my mind
now I'm like what the hell why didn't
you like fuck I knew that you're gonna
do this too because you always do this
to me
you always say you don't want something
and then when I get it it's like I'm
like what are you doing I thought you
didn't want it it's your fault it's your
fault because I'm over there working
super concentrating on my work be like
drinking this coffee slow motion I see
the droplets of water running down the
side of the cup you're shooting a
McDonald's commercial my office first of
all you can't even see me from outside
of your there's a window right there you
can't you are perfectly framed up and
that piece of it's like a cool-looking
thing where you literally have to do
this or you have to do this just seems I
heard the ice shaking inside when you
pick you only pick up something a lot I
should pick it up we can hear it and I
was like oh what's that
and then that's what I look and all the
look at that Cup no you're always so
wishy-washy all the denials but that's
your fault and so and and I got so good
and so used to your wishy-washy this
that now I know to get doubles of things
whenever you say you don't want it so if
I go and I get like there's like this
this Asian like pastry place by you like
where we live close to um and and he'll
say I don't want any other pastry stuff
I don't want any other breads just get
me an orange juice and I'm like all
right so I get this like hot dog bread
one looking thing totally freaking
delicious and I like as soon as I pick
it up I'm just like ah shit
I already know cuz if only this big and
I'm like I already know babes gonna want
one and if he takes a bite he never
takes a nibble to taste it he'll eat
like as much as he can stuff into it
leaving like 1/4 of the bread left for
me so I'm just like offa okay that's how
you gotta pick your mouth was built to
take mouth size bite so every time you
take a bite whatever food or pizza
you're putting in your mouth has it
touch the back of your throat before you
know that's so mean to the person that's
sharing with you take what's left and
give them that's not sharing anyway so
I'm at this bakery right and I'm like I
already know this fool so well that if I
just give him his stupid orange juice
and I'm eating my yummy hot dog bun
thingamajigger then I know this fools
creepy fingers are gonna be like Moo and
try to take it from me so I get to I
don't tell him that had a second one
because I just want to test out my
theory and then sure enough as I'm
eating it he's like and I'm like just
keep it and then I was like from the bag
I'm like all right cool I have my backup
and I eat it because that's why and I
knew you had to I knew it I knew she had
to and she was gonna waste money if I
didn't help her eat it cuz I knew you
always buy extra stuff for no reason I
tell you don't waste your money but you
buy extra stuff not I never ever did
that before my life was so simple so
simple before you I didn't have to think
about hiding my my dinner I didn't have
to think about removing a dinner yes
okay so another thing this is not really
wishy-washy but he always feels my food
when he says he's foolin or he didn't
want it what shit what's your rule of
thumb if my fork isn't touching my plate
then you assume that I no longer want my
food so you're eating my food that's
everyone knows that rule that's
restaurant rule that's old school
no no that's old school second grade
rules it's not everyone knows that as
soon as your significant other is
apply to homeys or your parents or they
found only your girlfriend or boyfriend
lady if they're eating and as soon as
they put the fork or whatever utensil
down it's free game oh it's not before a
medium because you're taking a break no
and you know what look I feel like I'm
such an animal in savage because I'm
hungry you know what it means
the world I get the fourth down it takes
a lot to have this big body moving all
the time it takes a lot of food right
why would you put the fork down or just
take a break
I need a breathe I need a chew I don't
just put them in my mouth and then just
swallow no if you go use the back then
when you come back and be gone that's
what I'm talking about but anyway back
on the topic at hand okay
you always claim that I'm wishy-washy
that I am indecisive or that I make a
decision and last-minute I split on this
decision when it's like you do the exact
same thing to me all the time but that's
because you tantalize me of course if
you're like just took a mean shit and he
took poopoo and you rubbed it all over
your body right now but uh he'll know
but then if you get all sexy and you're
like standing on the corner of the door
and you're like hey do you want to have
sex and you look all sexy new cleaned
all that shit up of course I wanna have
sex you can't be drinking you can't ask
me for a drink in the later drink it
like it's so delicious
like it was so refreshing all right if
you guys haven't watched it his video
you guys should definitely check it out
cuz he puts me on blast about how I'm
wishy-washy could you are but how is
what I do different from what you do
okay what you did was you made up your
mind completely and asked every single
other perspective that might sway your
mind and you've said enough to
everything on my eyes so she's a hundred
thousand percent and then we follow you
and we go do your thing
that's it and then run all right right
and front of the place then you're like
and then out of the door that I
like I close to give him his his space
and just quiet time so he's comfortable
for us
I hear mama bear and I'm like yes babe
babe it's don't moan you'll be here
