right away right in front of the place
Danya like nope I don't want to do it
and then my head just gonna explode like
the coffee example I just said how is
that different because I didn't
tantalize you you made a decision you
see what I got it no do you tantalize me
no I could care less about you I like hi
drink and then you drink it like it was
a commercial and I'm like you can't be
drinking shit with a smile next to me
that's your father why are you drinking
stuff with a smile but you're the one
that's pantelides me
that's not fair cuz you know that you do
the exact same thing I do and you make
my head explode and my heart like comes
out of my mouth and I want to freakin
slash my wrists if we can burn my hair
off and pull out my eyelashes because
you drive me fucking boy you know what
the difference is there's a solution to
what I do you know you just have to buy
doubles or triples or whatever you're
gonna get you know that you could just
do that and boom you you solve it
yourself that time you bought two
hotdogs why why do we have the go
through all this why can't we just have
an open line of communication where we
bokken on what we want and we just say
it right off the bat if in your example
before your video if you were like hey
babe I'm not really filming ganache but
if you want it I'll get it with you
which you did not say excuse you don't
say that anyway if you said that and you
were like but honestly I think around
that time I might be a little bit hungry
then we're already working out a problem
they were like hey well why don't we
find a restaurant that caters to both
your dinner and my dessert no cuz I
already told you I'm not really feeling
it but if I eat enough dessert I can get
full whatever I don't know I just feel
like you just need to make up your mind
and not blame me for being wishy-washy
because you do the exact
simply and you do it to me all the time
no but that's the key point is that you
cancel ëismí with the drink and the
food you can't okay I have a new example
as an example so the beginning of this
month he caught some like stomach flu
virus seeing where he was like diarrhea
from his mouth and his ass so shit
coming out out of both holes at the
exact same time right he was feeling
miserable I stayed home from work to
take care of his baby ass because of
course the world was ending and he
couldn't breathe on his own he couldn't
blink his eyes forget about you forget
about chewing his food because he was
unable to do that too ok so I of course
I had to not go to work I had to babysit
that's the bare minimum you do right so
I'm leaving him alone and at peace and
and resting in our bedroom and his
clothing is just like everything's
washed everything smells perfect and I'm
like ok babe I'm gonna go to living room
and just work there I play Netflix I'm
like watching movies just to kind of
have background noise cuz everything's
just too quiet and I need some sort of
noise to work and then out of the door
that I like I close to give him his his
space and just quiet time so he's
comfortable for us
I hear mom and I'm like yes babe like ok
psycho over there right and I'm just
trying to comfort him because I know
it's it's pretty fucked up to be
shitting out of your mouth and your
asshole at the exact same time so I'm
like ok fine I'm just gonna I'm gonna
see what he needs so I'm there and I'm
like ok babe um you know you should take
a nap music what are you watching movies
I'm like well yeah I'm kind of listening
to them he's like oh I'm like oh my god
damnit I had asked you to if you wanted
to watch movies he said no I'm just
gonna think you're not gonna just try to
take their name you didn't ask me I did
ask you and that's one thing I forgot to
mention in my story but yes I had asked
him and then what did you say what did
you say I was like hey babe why don't
you come to the living room you can have
some sunlight fresh air and we can watch
movies while I work no way I needed to
be snuggled up and warm blankets to heal
okay so that that's what he told me that
that answers exactly what he told me
when I asked him to watch movie makes a
lot of sense that's why when he was like
oh would you watch him so cute right and
I was like do you want to go and watch
Mesa is it if you want me to which is
code for yes you swear on Tyson's life
no exactly so there I go to drop
everything
yeah his fucking special pillow that he
has to sleep with get his special
blankie of a special pillow you make me
sleep on that pillow you see my head
smells no I make you sleep on your own
pillows yeah special to you I never use
your pillows because your head stuff but
that's a whole another video and I'm
like driving his fucking special blanket
and his special freakin pillow over to
the cows are yielding babies I have to
set up his killing blanket and his
stinky pillow right on the couch like a
fucking two-year-old because his fingers
don't work anymore when I already knew
that that was gonna happen anyway but he
resists so much and I'm just like god
dammit just tell me from the very
beginning
cuz you did you gentle eyes on me again
you couldn't even see me no but this
time I don't know you're gonna set it up
I'm not gonna lay on that cold couch and
I'm sick of course if you set it up for
me of course I'm gonna come let me you
play some mini game I don't plan again
look everyone knows everyone knows the
rule if you set it up proper it's all
about presentation if you set it up
properly that answer it's gonna be yes
so you can't set it up ugly ugly ugly
leave and then receive a no and then all
of a sudden set it up all nice of course
I'm gonna say yes you should have set up
my specialist shielding spot on the
couch from the start and then I would
have been okay I mean I knew from the
bottom of god you miss me so much and
you wanted me to watch it with you and
the movie wouldn't have been the same if
I didn't watch it with you I knew that
so I was thinking about you oh my god so
yeah guys let's do you have to look
forward to it after five years of being
together so yes if you would like to
hear the BS that that part had to say
yeah it's actually it's all stuff honor
oh boy yeah if you would like to hear
this fiction that he comes up with
please check out his video about all the
lies know that I supposedly do I wish I
could write fiction
hey what up y'all so the time has
finally come
we are opening up our official barbell
Brigade gym if you guys have been
looking for an environment that is full
of peace and crazy energy and you can
like scream and work without a shirt on
and use a bunch of chalk and just throw
a bunch of crazy-ass way around then the
time in front of the top Bart and I have
been finding this trim out for a whole
year and the time has come so if you
guys are interested in working out in
our barbell brigade gym please check out
the description below you will find the
link www barbell for Gamescom slash gym
I hope to see you guys there
I've always wanted to work out and train
in a hardcore training environment I
wanted it to be filled with intensity
with the hardcore training mindset
mentality and everyone is sharing the
same pain and struggle but you can't get
that at a commercial gym which is why
we're creating the barbell Brigade gym
