what uh hello so being together for such
a long time we actually have a lot of
unique experiences that we go through
one of which is one of the craziest
things that I'm kind of embarrassed
about actually which is my mom barged
into our house one day where we live
that and she married us yes so we were
only dating for about not even two years
yet and I didn't really know much about
her at this point I just issued was a
really sweet lady and all the
ass-beating stories that Bart told me
about I was like no way this woman is so
small so petite so cute so kind
considerate and like she would she
doesn't look crazy you know she's like
five feet a hundred pounds if that 90
yet if the most like on her fatness
she's probably like 98 pounds here's a
perfect picture of her imagine a 5-foot
lady 90 pounds wearing a visor all the
time the Asian visor she has white
driving gloves all the time and she has
these Skechers shape-ups that are like
this big all the time or if she's not
wearing those she's wearing pink Nike
Cortez's that's true and in addition to
her visor with blocks off the Sun she
also wears sunglasses so sometimes I'll
double UV protection yes so that's my
mom Lucy
yes so I didn't know this this side that
he's telling you guys about I didn't
know this side about her I'm like beep
come on stop it you're being really
really exempted okay so we were living
at my first location where he moved in
with me
we were living there we had some issues
that we had to move up so we moved out
and we found this this cute little
quaint spot for us just like us - and
one day like Bart said no exaggeration
she barges in very politely though take
a
like barge she barges in and she walks
us to our bedroom right she sits us down
she's met us she met you plenty of times
already so it's it's the first time they
ever met do ya know she knows we lived
together she knows he's been together
for quite a bit now we ate a lot but the
crazy part is she comes and she just
grabs both other hands and goes into the
back yeah and she says you know I had to
talk to you about something and she
grabs both of her hands and walks this
over to our bedroom
and she sits us down so there's three
grown-ass people in the bedroom sitting
on the floor Indian style she's in the
middle
she's holding Bart's hand sets to her
right and then she's holding my hand and
I'm on on her left right so she starts
talking about love and you know loyalty
and friendship and trust and openness
and being one unit and you know when you
get older you have to have a great
family and you could never fight if you
fight you know the person that starts
the fight first is always wrong like
she's just she's very philosophical
right she's very traditional and she's
very about like just having the family
be one unit sounds like okay cuz I've
heard these speeches a lot already
because she's always like every time I
see her it's like um this new she's
giving me this new piece of advice about
life so I'm already used to her spiel
right so I'm sitting there and we're
just holding hands and I'm kind of
drifting in and out of the conversation
because it goes on forever right I love
her but she just could talk forever so
I'm kind of drifting in and out of this
conversation and um after about like 30
35 minutes she starts like bringing our
hands closer together and she starts
like holding her like she stood tripping
it harder right so I'm still kind of not
paying attention but then she says gee
oh and she's looking intently into my
eyes right she's like t.o.p without bart
and obviously I'm just like you
she looks at for it and then she said
what do you love Keo he said yes and
then she gets our hands no could kill
bullshit she gets our hands and then she
brings them close together and she makes
this hold hand she goes Jill do you take
Bart to be your husband
and at this point I'm like wait what
wait what did I miss
like the past 32 minutes like what's
what was she talking about what did you
miss the past year and a half of
thinking you understand like your man's
mom but then she comes in pulls like
this fast one over here well if my first
my first thought was the second one was
rgo you tripping because there's kind of
a language barrier because she has an
accent right so sometimes your words
will come out perfect but for the most
part I kind of have to like this cipher
or what she's trying to tell me so my
second thought was okay maybe I missed
some things and there was something lost
in the translation here so she's just
probably trying to say hey you guys are
starting your new life together without
roommates and without mom and dad and
stuff so now you guys are like the
tortillas are living together and on
your own so that's what I was thinking
right so then anon something all right
okay so yeah she's not marrying us right
now but I was like I do
I you know because I do i I want to
spend my life with him and I wasn't or
whatever right your life with me other
person anyway and then uh it's the rest
of my life and then um so she she asks
pardon same question and I'm looking at
Bart's reaction right because I'm like
I'm still kind of like on the fence like
issue is she trying to marry us or just
a language barrier here like what what's
happening so I'm trying to read a facial
expression expression and this dude is a
freaking Roth there
this there's nothing going on so now
that kind of validates that I trip in
and that there's just that lost in
translation thing language language
barrier that I'm that I'm thinking right
so my card and it's normal
so now Jess and the same question he
replies with the same thing and then she
brings Bart in my hands together and
she's like now you guys are married
going guys my heart's racing I'm like
wait what and then she starts talking
about you do you remember she starts
talking about your grandparents and like
huzi want to send us like special rings
she did have rings no not then and there
she did yes she had those rings already
made it was a premeditated marriage she
just stopped this is what it is
this is first-degree marriage she was
spotted out she already went and got
rings from my grandparents brought it
back this is like a three month marriage
that is hilarious in the process it was
like pure it was like what 18 karat gold
right but every like the sub and it was
like adjustable adjustable rings that
was like oh my god what the fuck is
going on here I seriously had no idea
how to deal with this like who marries
people out of nowhere and like yeah I
and I just kept looking at him for like
some some sort of like facial support
like where he could at least be like no
I I thought I saw this well how did that
make you feel though I felt completely
lost and completely alone and I'm like
what is I thought I was dreaming
I thought it was like some sort of
inception type of movie happening in my
life because it's so surreal like who
the fuck does that right what does that
yeah I didn't know I had no idea what to
do what were some crazy things that have
scarred you or have a permanent
implantation in your visual memory
compared to this I guess catching my
parents having sex is one that's gonna
be there but
