all of your first thoughts like what did
you want to do what did you wear you're
trying to like pinch yourself where you
trying to call your mom and be like mom
Bart's mom is fucking Christmas well I
think you did a good job of giving me
all the stories of your past and your
childhood and your upbringing so I think
at that very moment it all clicked and
I'm like ah he's not exaggerating and
then I started thinking like shit
okay so this is how she sees it and I'm
honored because she felt I was worthy
enough to be now like allowed into your
family and I got your grandparents
approval so in that aspect I was pretty
happy but I'm like what the hell dude
like I want to get married what I want
to get married what makes you think I
even want to marry him right now like
what I don't know I don't know I even to
this day me telling this story to you
guys I can't even believe it happened
well what what were you thinking like
wow that was happening though like there
must have been a side of you that was
like everything everybody just stop
right now what the fuck is this like
it's probably like a bank robbery going
on right like you're yeah a bank you see
this guy come in with like a beanie he
pulls the beanie down and then that
moment in your mind you are like wait a
second this is like the movies that's
like when she pulls a ring out right
it's like what in a second this guy has
a gun and then when it's sliding on your
finger there must have been a time where
you're like like everybody just stop
what the fuck is going on I mean when it
was happening I think I was trying to
justify the craziness in my head by
saying it's a language barrier it's a
language barrier it's a language barrier
but then once she started like bringing
our hands close together and she put the
ring on my finger like I was I was just
blown away I was speechless I didn't
know what to say like I was like this is
in real life right now like I want to
run away or like I want to tell her like
you
yo yo slow your roll and let's talk this
out first like I really wanted to say
that and just like pause her and like be
like wait a minute um I love you and all
and I respect you as Bart's mom but what
the fuck are you doing
like I don't know I just it was just so
weird for me like I've never encountered
encountered anything abnormal in my life
I think I've just been really sheltered
and for me to experience hearing the
stories about your mom seeing how she
dresses and carries herself in public
and then like her trying to marry us
without my family knowing without even
me or you knowing um I was just like I
don't know I don't know what to do right
now I think I was just like a deer and I
just kept looking at Bart like please
help me with something like give me a
cube like give me a sign like what do i
do should I like should I just play
along
should I just just say something like I
was completely lost it was it was really
funny like in my head a part of me was
just cracking the hell up like in my
head this is what I look like
that's what I look like you're my head
right but then the other part of me was
just like completely lost so after the
fact and after that happened and after
she left what were your thoughts were
you like don't fuck did I get myself
into or like dude Bart's family is
fucking weird my god I got to get away
from this guy like what were your
thoughts after the fact all of that all
of that cuz I was like shit how are you
still here
I don't know how myself girl I guess I'm
gonna give you six well I mean III was
just like oh my god like this is what I
have to this is what I have to deal with
like I look for it so much that I have
to take in his whole life and in his
life there's this crazy person
makes decisions for you without you even
being involved and it's your life and
and uh yeah it just it was so funny it
was just so funny because I had like an
outer-body experience and in my own man
I can't wait to tell Joe I can't wait to
tell Casey like I can't wait to tell all
these people but then um yeah I was just
like shit I have to call this person mom
now
like I don't even know how to deal with
that
besides this what would you say is like
the second place well is there anything
that matched something of this absurdity
in your life never then what would be
something that's just so we can show
relative what is sex something that
second of obscenity that happened to
your life to this I spam I don't know
because so I'm a pretty I guess I'm a
pretty chill person when it comes to
like finding things really odd or being
embarrassed or just feeling very
uncomfortable like yes certain things
here and there will bother me but it's
never anything that will like remain in
my brain and like in great so I like I
can't share an embarrassing moment with
you guys cuz I embarrass myself on a
daily and I just laugh at myself all the
time
what about like something of absurdity
like let's say airplane came crashing
into your roof is that second place to
you know when were some crazy things
that have scarred you or I have a
permanent imprint ation in your visual
memory compared to this
I guess catching my parents having sex
is one that's gonna be there but at what
age I think I was uh I think I was like
nine I mean I think in fourth grade or
something well there's still relatively
young didn't get it on if they want to
yeah they can but that I mean first of
all I don't know what sex is about you
just yet but the selecting and it saw my
dad on top of my mom another glue
ah right fuh battle is fucking crazy
it's gonna run a wink at you that's a
baby no I mean I got a pill another good
just to make them stop
I don't know I run away but but such a
complex so that yeah totally I hate
myself now for being that kid but um so
that's something I will never forget and
let that's like a story I'm gonna tell
for the rest of my life and pass it down
to my kids and my kids kids right but
this one so that's the level like ten
right cuz that's like crazy and I'm
never gonna forget and I want to share
it with everyone so that's a level 10
what his mom's did to us is a level 100
cuz like who I I don't even know I don't
even know what to say about it I have no
idea what to say about it cuz now it's
like what if we really want to get
married what is she really gonna do
what's she gonna do at that wedding use
your imagination and she'll still mine
ploy your ass I wouldn't be surprised if
she like descended in a fucking
parachute in the middle of the wedding
and while she's like in the sky she's
fucking throwing rose petals and then
fucking when she lands she like let's go
a few doves and it spins around and
claps her hands
so normally we fart statement right I
would be like come on baby that's that's
stupid but for real I believe it I think
his mom is capable of doing all the best
and I'm not trying to be exaggerated at
all like I'm trying to be as a hundred
percent real with all of you guys I'm
not an exaggerator please understand one
thing fan em I know okay
but yeah I believe that that's what
she's gonna do on our wedding day
so if you would like to hear Bart's
perspective on our wedding day on our
unofficial wedding day that we were
forced into please check out this video
the three day rule dun dun dun
so everybody knows that you gotta wait
be certain
amount of days after you get someone's
number or else you look like a thirsty
motherfucker but how do you feel about
that
