hey what's up y'all so I'm back with the
gangsta ass workout but this is part two
the first part was on lower body but
today we're gonna do all upper body for
those of you that don't know what I'm
talking about
the gangsta ass workout consists of this
four sets the first set is 20 reps the
second set is 15 reps the third set is
twelve reps and the very last set is ten
reps but ideally for your last set you
want to go the heaviest and as soon as
you're done with your set no resting you
will be jumping rope for one whole
minute as you can see here I'm doing a
decline bench at ninety five pounds
which is ultimately my heaviest but
because this is a decline bench it is a
lot easier to push that weight around
because I could never ever do this shit
on a regular bench look at that my arms
are dead Here I am just jumping Rock for
one minute now moving on to bent over
rows again this is my very last set
which consists of 10 reps and I am again
doing 95 pounds and this is one of the
exercises that I find to be the hardest
for me because I don't think I'm doing
it right I know that I'm supposed to go
past the knees and I'm supposed to pause
and there's a whole bunch of shit that
I'm doing wrong but you know at this
point I'm just trying to finish it
and again Here I am jumping rope again
for another minute
at this point my arms feel like they're
gonna frickin explode because there's so
much blood and it's just horrible
moving on to overhead press this is
seriously the weakest of the weakest for
me because there's no legs involved it's
just pure arm and when I start with my
20 reps I always start with like thirty
pound barbell and then I move on to just
the regular 45 barbell and then here you
see these measly ass two pounds on each
side so this is something that I hope to
get my numbers up off when it comes to
the next video but
haha we'll see cuz I'm a fucking pansy
ass oh man and I even had to stop in
between let my arms rest a little bit
and it's crazy because my right arm is
so much significantly stronger look at
that than my left arm so that's another
thing I really got to work on tapped out
jumping rope again for another minute
trying to switch it up last but
definitely least because it was on the
smith machine which you could see i
don't know what the fuck I'm doing on
this thing someone else was using the
squat work that we wanted to use to do
the upright rows so this is the old
option that we had and it was horrible I
was like dude I'm not doing any other
work at this point it was just
frustrating so I just ended it with
another minute of jump rope so good luck
everybody could let me know how it went
peace so this work off basically is four
sets
first set is 20 reps second set is 15
reps third set twelve reps the fourth
set is ten reps
