I have no idea what happened I woke up
early so I can go jogging but I come
down to the kitchen and this is what I
see holy fucking shit
there's fucking shit everywhere here
there's no safe place and it goes all
the way around this fucking big yep is
it you fought who did this
did one of you guys have a tummy ache I
think someone did ever tell me because
these guys I don't know what happened
these guys are so potty trained so it
must it must have been a tummy ache
where they can control her in the middle
of night but this is a ass fuck best I
knew something was wrong as soon as I
came out because I was upstairs I'm
gonna open the door I was like whoa does
not smell right it's not like a fucking
sewer I was really scared to come
downstairs and
fuck
what are you doing
this is tyke a song I know but we got to
work what are you doing we just we're
supposed to be here at 9:30 it's 9:40
and you decide to like miss your boy
right now I know but I love dancing with
his son he loves dancing to the song
that's QT you've turned into me yeah cuz
I was always thinking of him and I'm
like okay I'm gonna go see him I'm gonna
what is he doing okay dance I can hit
that and make those hits but his head
doesn't follow his body it doesn't
follow it's just the his shoulders are
moving yeah
I should mimic it and I should hold your
head still okay we gotta film JK news
today alright so we're here outside of
the office obviously late and we're
gonna Quinn side down to whatever
they're not waiting on us though we
don't start shooting till 10:15 so we're
late for our call tent but not late for
filming okay we still got it together
they boil the fuck out of it and then
there was this I watched this experiment
between non-pasteurized and just
pasteurized milk actually the boiled out
fucked up milk that one goes sour real
quick interesting Oh doesn't have all
the healthy bacteria whatever basically
it's dead it's like what is already
rotten in dead yeah and the other one is
live with the healthy bacteria oh
alright so I met Jake and using right
now we're on our mini break while they
change cars and stuff and it seems like
50% of the time
joe is talking to Tim about about food
yeah and what of it I mean I think
important thing in the world is food no
I mean you talk about food all the time
with other friends or is it just when
you come with us I just like food man
you don't understand the male mind we
think about hobbies or fucking food food
and booty two things I'd like to eat not
at the same time on you know I think
it's hilarious cuz I always feel like at
least when I was younger I always felt
like all guys talk about is just really
a dumb shit which is hobbies and booty
that's it guy friends I just talk about
food with me no not really
it was just hobby you're fine just to be
traveling you they're just not gonna
that's why they're like we're so similar
we like the same
I never met anyone like you what I
didn't have those friends because you
could tell them when they were thirsty
you like beautiful girl I like I did
have those friends I had to fuck you
friend or like the friends that just
didn't care nah I mean the fucking
friends are trying to love for sure -
that's how you flirt when you don't know
how to flirt it says you're so ugly no I
didn't get that either though it was
just like you guys that's what it was we
all they don't want to do that they see
us like sister Asian like little little
baby sisters but I don't want to fuck us
oh my god
well I I guess I don't know what the
fuck I'm talking about I guess every guy
I've ever talked to you always wants to
fuck every girl that they ever talk to
you see see he doesn't want to know I
like girls dos I mean like you used to
like him you can't like him anymore no
no I can appreciate a fast sexy girl
well that's just eye candy
I saw thorn oil yes today we're this
kind of chunky girl she was fucking her
fans mm-hmm her fans yes she's a porn
star and I was like dude something about
it is such a turn-on because she's so
giving yeah I am NOT a fan I've smashed
girls on past that like people would
consider like like fat or like or chubs
yeah what's uh what's chubs and what's
fat um it depends there's some that are
athlet they're like thick and they and
they look proportionate you know what I
mean right there's some that are just
fat and like bigger that you're just
like whoa what's that girl's name she
got fat and now she's like Jenny Craig's
lady fucking Kate Moss
wait is she white or black white white I
don't know no no she used to be like
skinny and then she just got like big no
oh yes she did get a NIC Jenny Craig
Jenny Craig Jenny Craig well yeah Jenny
Craig Ursula rounder what what okay just
type in Jenny Craig Jenny
okay boy no Jenny what were you saying
oh no Santa I smashed what people will
consider fat and is there a difference
between chubby I don't know
or not fat and not more vagina cushion
um be the monk area what's a month most
people yeah the the mound around control
is it like crispy well it's around the
coochie hole no no I thought he was
talking about like this top part like
right here yeah like that's how that
part part of the monk is why I thought
that monk and like um like whatever you
would see in the camel toe is like the
most you know I'm saying
okay okay okay like she got a fat monk
it's like it's and you can be a skinny
girl with a fat mom sure yeah she's not
yeah what she got she's not fat enough
she's this is a bad picture
but she's thick she like she was a
little bit thicker she's she that one
that one that one yeah that one see
where she's that that's good yeah Lee
she was a model
yeah she's a comedian Oh character is
cool yeah this one why we taught Wyatt
how to play like ladies of all shapes
and colors and sizes man like skinny
ones and fat ones if you cute you cute
you know oh you know what that's true
because some fat girls have a pretty
face and a nice body I'm sorry I didn't
mean fat I meant ugly there you go what
he's saying you know fuck you don't like
you can defend sometimes I like to watch
pornos where the girl is significantly
bigger than the guy so it looks like a
Chihuahuas fucking a pic ha ha ha ha and
why do you like watching that I look up
the occasional bbw what does that stand
for what is it's a beautiful oh that's
really quite could never figure out what
it stood for and I never went out of my
way to google it BW big beautiful in
here that is awesome
Hey
I get down on occasion it went from food
to bbw that's not a plan there's a bbw
right there the bbm I'll be doing this
big black woman no a big beautiful woman
you didn't know that either no cuz BBC's
big black cock yeah yeah it's not big
beautiful cock
I said my manager he was like you know
what I have at home I have a BMW a big
Mexican woman me and I like that alright
so we are on our lunch break from SHINee
JK Nia's had to say bye to him because
he's only doing a half session with us
and right now I'm on my way go home um
now because I'm gonna touch mother and I
have to see my son every chance I get
but because I forgot my phone and had my
wallet and I'm just saying all this
because I'm a fucking a touch mother who
misses my son
and there's a cop so I'm gonna pretend
like I'm not vlogging in the car even
though I'm doing it very safely I swear
to you guys I'm doing it very safely but
yes I'm a very attached mother a new
mama so of course I miss my son and I
miss my mama so I'm just gonna go home
and pretend like I'm only going there to
pick up my phone at my wallet but I'm
gonna spend some time with my boy see
him alone but smell him like I love his
smell like my newborn babies he smells
so good I never really understood that
until now so I'm gonna
Vantage of how yummy this kid smells and
take a crazy with wake me up and then
I'm gonna come back I mean we get a
two-hour lunch so I live like two
minutes away so it should be all good
yeah that's funny going right now and
I'm being a responsible driver okay
again like you guys are my passenger and
I'm talking to you guys as my passenger
do you see that you're in the passenger
seat everybody this is me driving very
very safely
so yeah let's go home that was fucking
weird
now I'm home and looking for Wi-Fi doing
push-ups
the takeaway star you're doing such a
good job baby good job I told everybody
that I'm recording mom I'm coming home
not because I missed eicha but because I
forgot my wallet and I'm not an attached
sensitive mom but then I said I'm lying
I only came to see you and Tyco hi good
job
oh but this is this is this a follow
follow mama follow mama good boy you
look great
you look great good job look at that
strong neck good are you you guys have
to block me as I'm blocking I mean
vlogging really excuse me
you having a good time here good boy you
good boy
I'm so proud of you you're doing an
amazing job okay Lucy oh there it goes
hey over here over here you go boys come
on dudes really the party has to happen
right here
all right so grandmas with Ty Cobb I'm
having my lunch and as I'm having my
lunch I'm watching Gina
live right now I want her to say hi say
hi no they're gonna say no oh okay let's
see if anyone does it yeah yes yes yes
yes yes
you're cut you're cut beautiful ask Gina
she's so funny
perfect this is awesome
she's looking at her eyebrows right now
that is so cool
long flip shibaemon that was awesome so
since I finished this that's exactly
what's gonna happen exactly what she
said
I'm gonna cut now and then once I vlog
again she's gonna be in person it's
gonna be awesome but I just walked
behind your car in the license plate
because it's new oh my god married
anymore
does nothing I can do can like yeah we
posted on our Instagram we both did
and nobody liked it what nobody likes oh
you let your cars for little kids like
the toddler's yeah we should get him I
love all the ideas you ever dykey oh I
have so many ideas for someone else's
baby I had the same idea of putting him
on tofu with it been part of magic you
know was once on my phone and now she's
just for magically you I bet you
anything okay I'm gonna I'm gonna cut
right here cuz just talking about some
top-secret stuff
yes mexican parties well though at least
the ones I've been to and you're saying
you like Mexican parties oh yeah so
incarceration in elementary school had a
lot of Mexican friends right and I love
Mexican parties more than I liked Asian
parties specifically East Asian parties
like Korean Japanese Chinese those are
boring yeah not my opinion
that was a different Palace fun yeah
because yes because met Mexican parties
everybody's drunk no no not the case but
in 15 years I feel like the parents
treat the birthdays like it's more for
them and their friends then the kids
right okay you guys are from Mexican
that confused you okay but Mexicans they
love to really have a good time and I'll
do each other so there's jumpers
there's Giada there's so many things
right
Asians are so fucking cheap they want to
teach a lesson during sometimes you're
supposed to just let loose makes so
fucking structured all doing this match
politics no I mean not as sad as my mom
I thought it'd be a great idea to pass
our homework so all my friends were like
what the fuck and then she thought okay
to hype so she made everyone take a nap
and if she thought that all the parents
would come and take them and then
afterwards all my friends decided to
never ever come to single but they have
mine yeah yeah that's pretty sad my
parents tried to have like every time we
went to a different one I think they try
to upgrade it 1-1 like every single time
so then like he would make like my dad
would make like Korean ribs like the
copy ribs yeah ever instead of like
trying to feed all my white black and
Mexican friends Japanese food or some
shit like that you know it's like
sisters don't really eat fucking sushi
rolls or like they want to eat meat you
know they don't want to eat like Asian
stuff and snails and stuff or whatever
but um yeah and it's like good they're
so like reserved in like it's it's weird
you know like all the parents come in
and they just watch the kids like hawks
and they're like hey hey don't do that
it's like they're at the dog park like
why don't you socialize and do some
fucking human
shit and they're just sitting there
watching all of us and then the kids are
playing and it's like it's weird it's
like a Southeast Asian ones the adults
usually are hanging on and they're all
spaced like in the living room karaoke
or whatever and then the kids are either
in the garage that has now turned into a
play place and you get there somebody
turn the lights off they're dancin and
then outside they'll just have like a
row of food so if people want to get
food they just go get their own food and
everyone's just partying at the same
time rather than the parents just trying
to control the kids all you called it
shit that they always make the bomb is
food it was the fucking parents always
stay in the garage
they drink idk they smoke cigarettes yo
and then whatever they don't give a fuck
what happens and sometimes the adults if
they really like you they'll fuck around
you to throw you some beer yeah and if
everyone gets drunk enough than the kids
smoke cigarettes with the uncles
together east-asian but I came from a
very conservative religious tone oh look
at that pole that's calling kidding
that's the attitude toe and David
probably probably had the same kind of
upbringing did you have some structured
as boring as birthdays yeah graft the
Coca Cola Mentos it's good right yeah
you like looking at mama
I miss you all day got my cup sending me
pictures of you and you were so happy
looking at Mama's face telling you I
don't like it so you're following my
you're copying my face I don't like it I
think about you all the time
okay let's take a doing you leave at you
TV is he doing every time he exercising
every face I Mickey copies you know many
people love you
many people wanna meet you so many
people wanna meet you because let's take
a doing they say what's there was record
you don't wanted to record a moving
hey take up no mas all right so we
finished
Jake hey news and it's now 10:30 so
everyone went to go have dinner together
but I couldn't do this to my boy so I
let Bart be our representative he's out
there having dinner with everyone and
I'm here with my main man might take a
bit this is sitting down like a little
boy oh my mommy's cutie how you doing my
baby how you doing my baby hi I'm so
happy to see you yeah I missed you all
day you know that it is your day okay
well on that note guys thank you so much
for joining for my day me and Ike I wish
you a good night see you guys tomorrow
love it
that was a monkey man yeah
