the three-day rule dun dun dun so
everybody knows that you gotta wait the
certain amount of days after you get
someone's number or else you look like a
thirsty motherfucker but how do you feel
about that honestly I think that 3-day
rule is some big bag of bullshit I feel
that if you fill in someone especially
if I'm giving you my number or if the
girls giving you the number the guys
giving you the number they're obviously
interested so why not just act upon it
like don't be desperate and thirsty
where you're like as soon as they give
it to you and like 1 minute later you
call them honestly that would even be
cute because it's just like yo I
I really dig you and I can't wait like I
think just being honest and open with
your emotions it's just dope you really
feel that so let's say I'm a round up
dude we met at some cafe I just got your
number
I left the cafe and I immediately called
you from blunt hey what are you doing or
if I text you hey what are you doing
smiley face with sunglasses on
that's cute maybe like yeah cuz then I'd
be like oh ok cool like I was obviously
feeling this guy cuz then if I wasn't I
wouldn't give him my number cuz maybe
that's just the type of girl that I am
but I'm not giving anybody just my
number just because I'm bored I
obviously felt some sort of connection
that I was just like okay well then
let's let's see where this goes and it
give you that person my number so if
they're already hitting me up then I'm
like cool it it gives me a chance to get
to know them faster and I don't get a
waste my time so if they start texting
me right away and they're like hey what
are you doing we're over and then I'm
like hey actually I'm really busy I'm
doing this this and this and then
they're like but hey can we just talk
right now that I'm like
okay bad idea this person's an idiot do
you know what the problem is though with
what you just said is if I did just text
you hey what are you doing
smiley face sunglasses and immediately
you text back yeah I'm busy right now
I immediately I'm gonna think oh shut me
down
well okay I guess they said it that way
to say that like I should have skimmed
through my explanation but I would
obviously be nice and I be like hey
thanks so much because I know that on
the receiving end there is that pressure
for the other person of like this three
day rule and don't look thirsty and
you're not desperate and bubble up
because I know that I'll be very mindful
when I'm replying and I'm gonna be very
careful and just be like hey oh my god
I'm so happy to hear from you um I
didn't think you would text so soon and
you know I'm really happy I would love
to talk to you but okay so I'm sure
that's very refreshing for a lot of guys
to hear that there are girls out there
that don't really care about the three
day rule and as a matter of fact you can
text the next minute yeah like right
away but then on the other end is there
a length of time where you feel like
that too long like what's what's on the
other end before you start to lose
interest I think it might be like more
than three days like if it's four days
or even the following so let's just say
let's just go with the hypothetical four
days let's say on four days I'm like hey
what are you doing sunglasses happy face
well I wouldn't want to be like an Aggie
chick and just be like like already like
oh my god why what took you so long cuz
I don't want to come off that way but
then internally I'd be like wow what
took so long were you like not
interested in me and that that's gonna
be something that's gonna be like in the
forefront of my mind like did I not make
an impression on you that you just
couldn't wait to talk to me
like I would feel like I was lacking in
some department in your eyes that I'm
just like wow what took so long
so you know like in terms of I guess
game right it's all about feeling wanted
it's all about having what you can't
have and so the more rare and the more
the less accessible you make yourself
that's where the concept of the game
comes in where if you're less accessible
they want you more if they're all up on
you and they're seeing you like every
day at the cafe they know that I see
this motherfucker all the time I don't
give a fuck if you called me so based
off that logic then fuck what is that
going with this you're probably saying
like because I'm I'm trying to flip the
script and I'm saying hey I don't want
you to wait I want you to tell me how
you feel but then since you're on the
receiving end of my comments it's gonna
be real easy for the guys to look like
or it's real easy for the guy to kind of
put himself in that friend zone already
because he's like making himself to
available available that I'm gonna be
like okay well there really isn't
anything special about this guy cuz if I
text you right I text you a minute after
think about that feeling my attention
that minute after with the what are you
doing and you're kind of like you know
like all giddy about just giving a
number off yeah memorize that feeling
okay then think about the feeling of not
getting a text for four days and out of
all of a sudden out of the blue I text
you nothing about that feeling after
three days of thinking about me of wait
a second he hasn't texted to me what
site was that like not that good on his
radar you know right now that feeling of
me just because I made myself a little
bit less accessible now you have more of
that that's true you know that I guess
I guess that's true because of of like
Wow humans are fucking weird
yeah that's stupid and I hate that it
works like that because I I would like
to think that I'm a straight-up person
and if I like something then I just go
for it
if I want something I just go and get it
but but I mean you do bring up a good
point because giving the two scenarios
right I give up my number the guy texts
me right away then I'm like yeah I'm
happy and I'm like oh cool okay dope
we're on the same page but then the
second scenario I give my number four
days pass I'm like yeah what happened
alright whatever I guess is you know
whatever and then I hear to be I'm like
oh whoa cool okay wait a minute this is
cool but you do recognize that there's a
definitely yeah there is a different
effect at night and I agree with it but
that's not to say and not to discourage
anyone because I think the most
important move happens right after
though that so you can either make it or
break it with how you carry yourself
from that point on so for example if you
if in the first scenario I give you my
number you text me right away right and
then you kind of like you give me my
space but you show me that you're really
interested in me and you just like
alright you know I'm sorry you know I'm
usually not like this but you're there's
just something about you that's really
fascinating and I just want to let you
know you know but I'm just gonna let you
go on with your day and hopefully you
can call me whenever you have a chance
right then you just left the ball in the
girls court and now the girls like oh
shit wow this is pretty refreshing
because the common or the norm is that
you wait those three days so I think in
that move you can still make it work so
you feel like it's actually enough guys
best interest to not do what the norm
does you kind of
pioneer and be like yo I'm interested in
you yeah yeah when you get a chance yeah
I think that's dope because it's just
like you're always it's kind of like
that saying you know always wearing your
heart on your sleeve it's like you're
always open about how you're feeling and
and I think you still gain control while
letting the other person kind of steer
the ship to where it's like this is
where I'm coming from now where are you
trying to go are you trying to go where
I'm coming from
are you trying to go a different route
let's see where this where this takes us
and I think I think for me I'd like a
guy like that because it just shows that
I don't give a fuck what the norm is I
don't give a fuck what anyone else
thinks it's what I want when I want it
and now I want to see if you want the
same stuff that I want and it's it's it
shows to me a sign of like like I don't
know if power is the right word but like
initiative and like leadership and it's
just like a little bit more confidence
to it's super confident so I think
that's why when I said I think the
three-day rule is bullshit is because of
that because if you wait the three days
then there really isn't anything special
about you because you're just like oh
I'm too self-conscious and I don't want
her to do this and I don't do that where
it's like fuck all that if I want it I'm
just gonna go for it that's true because
that's kind of like saying like for
example if you go clubbing and you give
out your number three times and then
like you go clubbing on Saturday and it
just so happens on Tuesday all three of
the same guys taxi then there's like no
one really stood out yeah everyone's the
same so I guess the bottom line here
then is is just go for what you want it
doesn't matter what the norm is it's
just like be confident in your decision
and do what you feel and do what you
feel yeah and be honest be open be
upfront I don't think you can ever go
wrong with being honest yeah you might
lose a chick here and there but they
probably weren't even quality anyway
because they didn't
you were coming up in from the doping
okay so let's say you give your number
out right they don't text you the first
minute and then within those three days
you're kind of wondering and
anticipating hey what am I gonna get
this text why don't you just text the
guy let's say it was you did give him
your number but he also gave you yours I
mean he also gave you his okay he gave
me back my I've actually I have texted I
have flex day cuz I'm just like hey
what's up what are you doing right now
so I keep it really friendly but I think
a lot of girls though they feel like
they don't want to text before the guy
text cuz it that makes them seem too
easy how do you feel about that well I
can see that for certain things for
example in in a previous video I said
how I don't feel that it's like I I felt
weird making the first move let's say
like on a date right like I feel for
certain things I feel that it gives off
the wrong first impression for a female
to do certain things first but in this
situation I think that just texting or
calling is never is never a bad move you
know I always think it's one in the
intent in which how in how you're doing
it and then to it's it's just how you
carry it out how do you know okay I'm so
innocent compared to you you're the one
that was helping me with all this stuff
when I was hitting up on girls in
college no you were just ask me
questions and and I would just answer
what I would do alright so this is a
there's this one girl don't flip the
script okay
