but in this situation I think that just
texting or calling is never is never a
bad move you know I always think it's
one in the intent in which how and how
you're doing it and then too it's it's
just how you carry it out so if the
intent is just a very innocent angle
like hey we already established that
we're kind of digging each other and I
would like to get to know you more I
think that's cool like just really let's
take it slow let's just let's just kind
of be friends that know that we'd like
you to then see how that develops like I
think that's cool and then the way you
carry it out is if you're just like hey
what's up what are you doing I was gonna
go grab a bite to eat I wanted to know
if you wanted to come along it's still
very innocent it isn't it doesn't come
off like hey do you want to go like want
to go fuck right now like it doesn't
come off that way so I always think it's
in the delivery and the intent so that's
what you were texting yeah within the
three days yeah like hey like what you
know um how have you been it was nice
running meeting you or running into you
or however you met I would probably say
that and you know and try to create a
conversation that way so do you think
that that is keeping it real yeah
because I I'm letting you know that like
I haven't heard from you and I want to
hear from you so this is my my way of
hearing for me like I want to start this
conversation sir is there such thing as
is there such thing then has keeping it
to real that's example texting exactly
what you just said because what you're
feeling is hey wait a second I'll go
mean texting me at well maybe I should
make the first move okay and then that's
not what you texted what came hug on the
phone was hey I'm gonna go grab a bite
to eat so that sort of game right there
the the game that you don't want to play
that a lot of people don't want to play
I guess that shit already happened
because that's not because what really
should be texting is or what really
should come out is like hey I've been
waiting for your motherfucker for three
days look a fuck
or even text me or what that's what
you're thinking I'm thinking that so I
would never think that if anything I
would think honestly what I would be
thinking what would be like dang I
really like this guy I'm kind of bummed
that you know I didn't need a solid
enough impression that he just couldn't
wait to communicate with me but I'm like
I don't want to lose this opportunity so
I'm gonna hit him up
so that's are you gonna text them no no
no no no so that's what I'm thinking but
given social IQs and and the way you
interact with people I don't think you
should ever really say what you're
thinking because what people what people
think in their heads and then what comes
out and then what other people receive
it might just be like pure chaos so I
kind of feel like then at the end of the
day no matter what a little bit of game
is always necessary
not-not-not sucks not the game as in
like oh what a girl like not that type
of game but strategic movements yes
strategic movement is a communication
right it seems like it even that is a
little bit isn't is a must but I think I
think you honestly I don't think you
ever interact with another human being
you know way that there isn't a strategy
behind it not to say that there's an
angle that you're working or that you're
like doing some sneaky shit to get your
way that's not what I mean at all I just
mean that there's there's just always a
way that you talk to people depending on
the type of relationship you have I
don't think you ever once talked to the
talk to a person the way you're really
thinking about shit in your head
can you do that like which means do you
like all the time
yeah like after after sugarcoat anything
no not really no wonder I always call
you a jerk no cuz like for real let's
see if I have seen Dave in a long time
right I'll buy him fucker I miss you
with a fuck are you at like that's
literally what I'm thinking in my mind
I'm not gonna be like hey fucker where
the fuck is David that shit man I
fucking wanna kick you with them hey
would you like to grab some pizza that's
true that's not a front and two oh this
is so complicated but I think for girls
or like not for girls but for girls and
guys in the beginning of the dating
phases as much game as people hate I
think when you don't have a little bit
or if you don't communicate with the
norm and at least in the beginning
people come off really fucking creepy
because even as if even what you said
like hey I don't usually do this but you
know you're really interesting to me and
I just wanted a text that can come off
like you don't usually do this bitch up
but you do this all the time the foot oh
really yeah I can easily see that oh
that that come off because I'm okay this
game experience I'm all girls did you
date before me
how do you know okay I'm so innocent
compared to you you were the one I was
helping me with all this stuff and I was
hitting up on girls in college no you
were just ask me questions and and I
would just answer what I would do like
this is there's this one girl don't flip
the script okay in college at UCLA
oh god there was this one girl you loved
talking about girls that got away
she was never you know in my grasp you
just saw me I was like oh shit this was
a pedophile oh yeah tough class the
beginning of my first quarter there
there's this girl that I thought was
pretty cute I like the way she dressed I
liked her style like the way she's
talking I just I just thought she was a
really cool personality and she stood
out from a lot of other girls in my
class
oh and then we were talking one day and
I realized that she liked justice which
is like electro DJ I hit you up I'm like
hey there's this girl that I met she
likes justice barely anyone knew about
justice at this time and I was like hey
I was thinking about maybe compiling
like a seat and then driving here's
different girl that you ruined my life
you know you're the one in this game
anyways back to the original story so
that girl and you're like yeah go ahead
make her that CD okay all right cool
hell yeah I got a girl's approval you
know this is what I wanted in my head
and she's okayed it I'm like all right
cool next day and class I was like hey
did you ever talk to your prior to that
yeah like once or twice uh-huh and then
the next day in class I gave her the CD
and I was like hey I made you a justice
- compilation and then the look on her
face you see the look on her face was
like a guy reaching up her skirt in a
Japanese subway like she was like oh
like it hit her right out like off-guard
and she was like thanks and then all
that fucking Chino shoot so like and I
mean like I was trying to be as real as
I can and I was hoping on like neck was
someone that I felt like was gonna be um
did you really say fucking geo yeah I'm
gonna meet someone and finally go
through the whole fucking game and then
we could just be real and be like yo
like if you like fucking chocolate chip
cookies why don't we go fucking eat
chocolate chip cookie when I got to
pretend and like yeah magically one day
but ou didn't know you're gonna be up
this bakery and then fucking eat up why
can't we just be real right but I mean I
listened to you and then now she's not I
was a pervert which is good though
and maybe that's what she likes she
likes fake shit so hello I just helped
you filter some shit out no you're
welcome just help yourself keep me for
you you're so gross everyone over there
already knows on that type of screen
that I wanted nothing to do with you
sure whatever
but going back to the topic at hand
mister I love talking about myself yeah
I don't know I think I just come off as
real as possible and if they're creeped
out by you fuck that
like stupid I don't know I just I don't
know I just hate bullshit so I'm just
like just be upfront see what you got to
say do what you got to do maybe maybe
they find you creepy but there's gonna
be someone out that's gonna be like
you're speaking the language that I
understand and you're going to find the
love of your life so if you guys would
like to hear the guy perspective on the
three day rule go ahead and click on
this beautiful gentleman's face here I
might even have an annotation here I
never know why I said click on his face
but at the bottom of the screen right
here you can click to check out this
video peace
what's up y'all so we always hear
stories about the friendzone and it
typically revolves around the guy
because the true the guy that's chasing
the girl and he's the one that gets
friends on and boom is all said and we
have all these videos online about guys
being in the friend zone
and not knowing what to do but the thing
is one thing that is commonly left out
is that girls are often in the friend
zone too and I just found out from Gio
that she was actually once in the
friends I watch come back
