hey what's up y'all so today I come at
you guys with a pretty dope workout that
I just discovered thanks to Bart and its
hypertrophy added so this workout
basically is four sets
first set is 20 reps second set is 15
reps third set twelve reps the fourth
set is ten reps and just for y'all that
are just like yo that's nothing that's
not hard well we decided to throw in
jump rope instead of resting for a
minute so between each set you're gonna
be jumping rope for a minute and to
switch it up on you guys
III you guys can push yourself a little
bit harder and throw in a couple double
unders I did that for a few of my
quote-unquote resting periods and it
coolly fucking kicked my ass I highly
recommend this workout because it really
does test your limits
it sets what you are made of you think
that you're pushing yourself hard but
after you do this maybe it's just me
who knows maybe I'm just being a little
bitch at the gym all the time because I
haven't really been looking for a
long-ass time I think I've only been
doing this for maybe close to a year and
I'm discovering all these new things
about myself just because of this
fucking love/hate workout that I just
discovered so for any of you guys that
are up for the challenge
I'd highly recommend that you guys do
this so as you can see right now I am on
my second rep which means that I'm
squatting 15 times the weight that I'm
squatting right now is 125 and this is
after my first set of 20 at 115 you guys
want to start off pretty comfortably
something that you guys can um that
that's not too easy but that's not too
hard cuz again you're repping it 20
times and then you want to increase your
weight depending on you know how
comfortable you are and all obviously
keeping good for him
so I said aliy increase by 10 pounds
every set so here I am this is my set of
12 at 135 and at this point I'm sweating
like a fucking animal
and I'm just like yo got it there I know
we don't talk that much but right now I
gotta complete this I can't let myself
down like I am digging deep right now to
do everything that
possibly can so that I don't get out and
give myself excuses and listen to that
bitch voice in my head that's just like
stop just put it down you really did a
great job so far that voice and my head
I fucking hate it so much
and this workout helped me be like no
fuck you I'm not gonna do it not today
voice in my head
fuck you and seriously it was it was
such an accomplishment cuz normally I
don't do 135 12 times especially after
I've had a set of 20 and 15 prior to
that I've never done that even this
right now at 155 I think actually it's
not my PR but it was close to my PR only
because I've never done this much weight
10 times and me being able to do this
much weight 10 times shows how lazy I
have been in the gym and seriously you
guys have to really try this workout
because it's whole fucking gangster and
you really get to see what you're really
made out of and I think after I did
these workouts I was able to increase on
a lot of of my weight so my squat got a
lot stronger I don't even know how but
Matt did leave my fucking bench got
stronger I was just like this pushed me
to the new limits and I'm not sure for
all of you guys that have been lifting
for a lot longer than I have
for example someone like Bart who has
been looking for 10 years I'm not sure
if he's getting the same feeling and
results that I got after just doing this
a couple times but let me know if you
guys have been lifting weight for a long
time let me know it what type of effects
you see if you even see any at all let
me know some of your feedback if there's
anything that you learn that you guys
want to share with me again I'm just
showing you guys these videos just for
my progress I don't know what the fuck
I'm talking about
ever if you guys haven't noticed yet but
I'm on this journey to being a better
geo and being more fit this year and I'm
taking you guys along with me and
anytime you guys have anything to share
with me I'm highly appreciative of that
please show me and share with me because
I absolutely love it and I'm gonna close
out the workout with front squat which
is seriously one of my weakest and I
start off with seventy-five pounds and
again I will this is my first step and
again I will be increasing by 10 pounds
each set here we go with 85 pounds at 15
15 reps and as you can see Bart who was
going before me it's completely dead on
the floor
seriously after you're done with this
you're just like what the fuck just
happened like you feel like you came
back from like a battle or something
because you're just like what day is it
today what's my name
what am I doing here it's fucking
beautiful
you guys please try this workout out and
let me know what it did for you guys and
yup you guys it guess it know rustic
either so keep jumping rope for minutes
in between each set no resting no
sitting down no water breaks unless
you're like fucking really gonna die but
you really don't need water no water
breaks and just keep going moving on I
moved up to 95 pounds and I close it out
at 115 which is my personal record and I
PR dit and I'm pretty proud that I was
able to discover that I have been a
bitch working out for the longest
because I I discovered it while doing
some crazy ass workout which goes to
show me that I'm just not pushing myself
hard enough when we're doing our strong
days so it was a pretty dope discovery
for me I didn't get to complete the full
10 because I was just like oh my god I'm
done my wrists were about the fucking
break and I couldn't breathe and Suze
my muscles just couldn't take it anymore
I really really really really really
maxed myself out and it was like the
best feeling in the world like I said I
hate it but I love it at the same time
because it really shows you what you're
made out of so thanks guys for watching
again let me know your feedback and
until next time peace I don't even know
how this happened but here I am
attempting to 25 from January but I
couldn't even lift 155 look at that 225
now
