what's up y'all so we always hear
stories about the friendzone and it
typically revolves around the guy
because it's usually the guy that's
chasing the girl and he's the one that
gets friendzone and boom is all said and
we have all these videos online about
guys being in the friend zone and not
knowing what to do
but the thing is one thing that is
commonly left out is that girls are
often in the friend zone too and I just
found out from geo that she was actually
once in the friends I want to come back
yes I didn't even realize that I was in
the friend zone up until I was just like
thinking about this person back in about
whoo no no back in back in junior
college I had multiple classes with this
guy that I was like completely
fascinated with initially I was just
like wow he was really cool he's really
smart has cool style he has cool taste
in cars like I just thought everything
about him is really cool and then I
realized wow I kind of have this new for
him and what I mean by seeing is it like
like all those cool factors was it like
I liked him or is like I want to spend
more time with him or I would like to
get to know him a little more I think it
was in the beginning phases of like
you're not sure if you like him but you
know that you can't like get this person
out of your head and you know when
they're around you that you're just like
makes you feel good yeah like you're
really happy you feel good so it could
be like he's a really cool friend or
osnaps I'm developing something for this
person so it was right at that right at
that like borderline of love and
friendship platonic in romance right
thank you I had him in multiple classes
and I always was like really happy
around him and I'm like wow this guy's
like really cool I want to spend more
time with this guy that's kind of like
neat huh yeah totally
so so um yeah when he was around I was
really happy and I'm like I want to
spend more time with this person and
then somehow we got to a conversation
about relationships and he ended up
telling me yeah you know geo you're not
girlfriend material for me I would never
consider
dating you in are like seeing you in
that way like I don't see you that way
that's next level game why you look
hitting on you no that no that sounds
like straight-up rejection hi
so everybody knows basic level game
right which is like girl you look fine
or we're going to get some coffee that's
all that requires is a girl saying yes
no boom
they both part ways everything's cool
doesn't get it yeah doesn't get the girl
thinking next level game is things that
guys spit that gets the girl to think
and smart it just hit me yeah and not
only is it getting the girl to think but
I think in his favor yeah for example if
we're if we're if you don't know each
other right we just been in a couple
classes like you saying I'm like you
know what I don't know I don't you know
like it nothing nothing great whatever
happened between us cuz you know you're
just not my type so smart when someone
throws a ultimatum at you you
automatically naturally go wait a second
let me see where were it on I I think
under time when I'm not your type and
you want to defend like fighting to but
the thing is you're defending yourself
China say that you're his type but
that's in his favor that's what you want
yeah cuz now you but no no wait wait
tell me why I'm not your type
what oh so you like some like a good I
can cook I can I can do it I'm
spontaneous then boom you said all those
things out of your mouth not he lays it
on you you know what that's true you are
my type no no you should get to know a
little better
Wow stop up check me what are you gonna
do not even like yes go get something to
eat cuz now you don't look at me Tellem
ass cuz you just spent 30 minutes on
explainers oh wow like I know this cuz
you know what that I think that's why I
was even thinking about him like
recently because not today no no not
like that not that I wanted to be with
him but the fact that he said that kind
of like stayed in my head and I'm like
wait I know it would have been perfect
for this person or whatever but then you
know we'll never know now cuz he kind of
rejected me but then I guess now I find
out that
he wasn't rejecting me he was just being
next level I can flirt well what he
probably thought was is that he assumed
you had next-level game so it was so he
was he was assuming that you probably
get here all the time so he's not gonna
use the regular game right so we can use
next-level game and then that way you'll
be like oh this guy's coming at me from
a different approach it's true so that's
part what happened but your game level
isn't as high as his so you're just like
no you're tired you walked away and then
he's like well dad didn't go away
so he probably thought I still had next
level cuz it didn't work but if he only
knew that it worked kind of panel I mean
it got you thinking yeah it definitely
did because he approached it from that
different angle since you were
fascinated and interested how come you
didn't just like make the first move and
like ask him hey you wanna like get some
coffee outside of the class yeah I mean
I think I was so intrigued by him that
it brought intimidation into it so I
think I didn't and I'm sure a lot of
girls can relate to this because you're
like so and like so fascinated and
treated by this person that you're like
highly intimidated and it makes you feel
like like you have no confidence you
feel like you're a good extra short you
feel like you're fat you feel like
you're not very attractive you feel like
you're an idiot so like you try not to
open your mouth and say some dumb shit
you're like you're not good enough yeah
you feel like you're just not like this
person's like on this pedestal and
you're like fucking bottom of the totem
pole
and and because of that I didn't have
the confidence I I just felt like no I'm
not gonna say anything I don't want to
get rejected we're trying to solve like
girls go through the same things that
guys do when it comes to letting the
opposite know how you feel right cuz
that's exactly what guys go through
where the guys are like I'm not rich
enough I'm not tall enough I'm not buff
and I'm not good-looking an arm straight
and I'm sure I don't even want to face
rejection right no that's I guess so but
I think I guess we're fortunate enough
that society says the guys supposed to
court the girl so we're like really
lucky
in that realm but I have a lot of
girlfriends um throughout my life I've
had a lot of girlfriends that have been
actually trends earned it is also 2013
where a lot of girls make the first move
but but it's still not as common and
it's not something where it's like where
it's like it's it's it's the social norm
to do that well it's not a social norm
but I think in the more forward-thinking
metropolitan cities like LA New York
where like stories like Sex in the City
is based off of
it's very common I mean in like maybe in
in the mid u.s.a Alabama like backwoods
Tennessee or something yeah I mean the
guy is still going to the girl's house
and kidnapping her ass and then throwing
up on the horse and fucking like get
married a man would just still be like
that going on but in modern day society
like it's I think it's very normal for a
girl of blood that guys kind of cute I
want to get to know my hey you know and
make the first move let's go get a bite
to eat
oh no maybe I'm just old-fashioned or
whatever but to me that just doesn't
feel right it just feels like I'm giving
off the wrong impression like I'm not
giving the right signals well here for
like let's say check let's say we
weren't together right and you didn't
meet the love of your life your dream
man like your prince charming let's eat
and you just all this didn't happen then
when we first started talking I felt
like I wasn't up to par with you really
yeah because like I don't have to take a
chance with Jimmy I didn't know else me
myself into but
