let's say we weren't together right and
you didn't meet the love of your life a
dream man like your prince charming
let's eat and you just all this didn't
happen then and then I met you you know
let's say oh no I'm disabled so let's
say let's say you didn't meet me right
and you didn't meet the managers and all
that then this whole time you might
still be thinking what if that cool guy
back at junior college you might still
be thinking because you're never voiced
it and I think that's the same problem
that a lot of guys go through which they
don't voice it or maybe they hang out
and they actually become pretty close
friends and there were some signs where
the girl is like yeah you know what I'm
kind of interested but the guys didn't
see it and then like four years down the
line they're like fuck man back in
junior college you know yeah well okay
so so there's two sides to that story or
two parts to that story the first part
is yes you should always go for what you
want of course you should always set
your standards to be as high as possible
like try to achieve the stars you know
go for your dreams I think in any aspect
of your life that's one part part number
two though that a lot of people tend not
to pay attention to that I think is is
just as important is the fact that you
have to be prepared you have to be ready
you have to be capable of achieving
those things so you can't just say I
want to like like climb Mount Everest
but your ass has been sitting on the
couch for like six months and you eat
fucking horribly and I think the same
rule applies in a relationship like if
you want to date this guy that's like a
bodybuilder and he's like he's like
motivated and determined to like change
his body and he's waking up every single
day at 6:00 in the morning and then he
attends his full-time job and then he
finishes at like 8:00 at night and then
he hits the gym again like that's
dedication but if you're the type of
person that's like you kind of wake up
at you know whatever yeah whenever the
Sun wakes you up and then you're like
the rest of your day you kind of just
lollygag and you just kind of like don't
do much you pick up a project here and
there it's like yeah of course it's not
really gonna happen because you guys
aren't really that compatible in terms
of lifestyle and that can apply also in
terms of like mentality just like
different things so I think I think you
really have to make sure that you pay
attention to these two things so yes you
should speak up but when you do it you
need to make sure that you're up to par
to this with this person so speaking up
up to par I think that's very very
important what you're saying is very
correct because if you're trying to go
after a dude that's a machine right he's
like 6 a.m. in the morning Pistor gym
has classes gets a job second job what's
on personal projects family time like
every single hour is planned out and
he's a productive ass motherfucker if
you're a lazy ass H oh you know that's
just watching TV laying in the couch
hole and then yeah you're not gonna fit
you're not gonna fit what he wants and I
think a lot of people they don't realize
that they they think in their shoes they
think from their perspective and they're
like well I'm Q I don't know why he
doesn't like me well there's a million
other reasons why he doesn't like you
because relationships isn't a one-night
stand it's not like hey I'm cute you're
cute
that's fuck you know there's you're
trying to establish this more than
friends type of relationship and you're
trying to like cut your lives joining
together and your lives have too big and
she have to fit right so it's kind of
like um well that's the thing um I
didn't realize that until like I got
older because um I started I started
picking up on the fact that yeah this
person's attractive
I think this guy's cute or whatever but
why am I not going like why am I not
trying to pursue more things with him
and then when I really got to think
about it I was like wow yeah cuz besides
us both liking cars or whatever besides
both of us just liking cars there's
nothing else in our life that really
kind of like makes us like stick
together and and I started also noticing
that when my girlfriend's would tell me
hey I like so-and-so I have feelings for
so-and-so and they're like you know
should I should I make the first move
should I let them know and it's like yes
we go with the one part yes go with what
you want get what you want strive for
what you want but then also check
yourself and be super critical with
yourself not to the point where you're
gonna like put yourself down and think
lesser of yourself but you have to sit
yourself down stare in the mirror and be
like alright what do I have to offer
this person you know what do I have to
offer at the world or whatever in the
others yeah like you can't be like dude
like if I'm trying to like I know for
example in my body right like I don't
think I'm up to par to where I could be
like a fitness model like I sit myself
down and I'm like okay I gotta get rid
of this I gotta tone this up and not to
say that like I'm fat or whatever but
you you have to say standards for
yourself and you have to like meet those
things there's a huge difference between
I think a lot of people get confused
whether they hear you say I gotta get
rid of this I gotta get over that
they're like oh you she's so unhappy
with yourself it's not it's like you're
happy with yourself you're content with
yourself you accept yourself but you
want to be better but I think a lot of
people they they don't understand and I
just wanted to clarify that yes yes no
I'm completely happy with how I look
physically but I try to compare myself
with where I want to be in that level so
I strive to be at that level because I
feel like I could be better and I have
more potential to be better and I think
I think when it when it when it's you're
going when you're going after something
you need to make sure that you're again
up to par to that and you do everything
you possibly can to be real with
yourself not cut yourself down and be
like okay this is what I need to do do I
need to probably read more books I need
to get into more
or I need to just set more goals in my
life I need some sort of direction like
you need to really sit there and just
criticize yourself so it seems like what
you're trying to sum up is when you're
trying to approach the person that you
like when you're in that friend zone
it's probably a lot more proactive to
not sit and be like writin is the
perfect moment when I can whisper my
love in the ear rather than change your
lifestyle and and up your game to the
point where maybe you don't even have to
whisper and that person just notices and
like oh shit like I like this I'm a
well-oiled machine and so is she
dude like sharanam makes me want to go
talk to her you know it's a trip to when
people always say don't go looking for
love love will find you and that that
means because it's like you're so busy
proof like like building yourself and
making yourself better that it just
naturally happens where it's like oh
shit you crossed cross paths with
someone that's on the same quest to
becoming a better person and you're like
oh wow you're doing that hey you know
what I'm doing that - why don't we kind
of like move together and keep growing
and I think that's why a lot of people
say that and it holds truth for like
forever years because it's like it
that's the reality love doesn't find
even with you when we first started
talking I felt like I wasn't up to par
with you really yeah because I have to
take a chance with you me I didn't know
how to be myself into but God get away
from me cuz you're like this super okay
okay he only does that when he's trying
to kiss my ass he's not being romantic
cuz he's a big fucking jerk for real I
don't want to seem like a bitch but he
only acts this way when the cameras on
anyway but yeah with you I didn't feel
like it because you were such a creature
of habit like you were like waking up at
this time doing this concrete is
studying this doing that you know
whatever and I'm like
I'm so intimidated I don't know if I can
keep up with this person but I don't
know look at us now I like to fuck
around that's why but yeah so for all my
girls out there that are in experiencing
that right now you have likes for
somebody and you're just like who should
they tell them should it I'll tell them
you know just sit yourself down and be
like all right I like this person this
is my plan on how I'm gonna get this
person but also it'd be like what do I
really have to offer this person am i up
to part with this person maybe this
person not even up to party you maybe
they're just losers and you're like
extremely motivated and dedicated in
whatever you're trying to do in your
life so when you're reflecting also make
sure that the person you're going for is
up to par with you
so if you guys would like to hear the
male's perspective on on the girls being
friendzone please go ahead and visit
Bart's channel to hear it from his point
of view until next time guys oh and
we're flattered and we love all of that
but we also don't want to deceive you
guys because seriously with all this
goodness that you see here real talk we
fucking wanna kill each other sometimes
okay yeah hey
