hey what's up beautiful people today we
are going to talk about fights oh yeah
that's pretty good thank you we've been
doing a few of these videos already and
a bunch of you guys are telling us oh
you guys are so cute together you guys
are so perfect
all you guys seems so in love I want a
relationship like you guys when I grow
up and we're flattered and we love all
of that but we also don't want to
deceive you guys because seriously with
all this goodness that you see here real
talk
we fucking wanna kill each other
sometimes okay go hey we always get into
fights not like all the time but there's
a significant amount of fighting that
that we do but I think it's important
that you do have like these fights and
like these misunderstandings because it
does help you grow not only as
individual but it also helps the
relationship grow and flourish and you
guys get to see that damn we actually do
care about each other even though we
have these differences we're still gonna
work through it when it comes to Bart
and Gio fights it's crazy because I deal
with my fights completely opposite to
how he deals with it I don't like
talking things out immediately because
I'm in a crazy emotional state but Bart
on the other hand has to talk about it
right away that's true right we're not
lying
no we're not gonna fight right on no yes
you're right not that I think it's it's
for me at least the way I resolve things
it's like I think of the emotional parts
of it first so if like I see like a
bunny right like on the street I'm gonna
be like oh no I don't want this money
today because it's gonna hurt him and
then like all his little bunny friends
are gonna miss him but Bart would be
more like oh shit all right how many
cars are gonna come to destruction
because I need to make sure that I can
run I have like enough space to run from
this point to this point to get the
bunny bring them back and then after I
get the bunny what am I going to get I
need to get food okay I need a call
whatever so he'll break things down that
way but why though why can't you stick
in the situation and as on breaking
things down logically you're there with
me to break things down emotionally
because when it comes to a fight if I
feel that it's not my fault
and I'm already like why would you
offend me like this and why would you
try to hurt my feelings and I can't
think logically to be like wait so what
really happened here this a thing
happened to create B that resulted in to
see I can't I can't sit there and do
that because I'm gonna be like why would
you do that to me I already told you so
many times that I hate when this happens
what the hell and I just want to release
it I just want to vent and I just wanted
like throw out all - me
yeah and scratch you and I just want to
throw out like all these like these
negative emotions and I just want to
just put them all out there so that I
can get over that phase and then be like
okay so wait what are we talking about
so much drama so when you're off to the
side excuse you that's not drama we deal
with it though that's how that's girl
drama that's like Samantha you I don't
believe what you know right now you I'm
not trying to involve anyone in my
problems okay that's that's like another
deal what I'm saying what I'm saying is
that that's what do you I don't want any
of my homies to talk about mom's not
that but you definitely like to cause a
scene yeah Hannah talk to anybody else
about prom okay that's not what I said I
said you'd like to cause a scene I don't
like to call your doing you do for
example when we're when we're beefing in
public right and you're like I want you
to get this you never let me get this
what the hell and I'm just like all
right good we'll talk about it later I
don't want to deal with this right now
people are staring
and you're like I don't care bah-bah-bah
and like you like to like raise your
voice and you'd like to know
oh you swear yeah what shit happens I
always try to like I know I'm heated and
I'm on the verge of freaking breathing
fire but I try to contain it where it's
like it's just in here and then the why
else out here can see I think the level
in which you contain things versus mine
is like a completely different fruit
like mine is an apple yours in an orange
completely well the part that's not fair
though is that when you contain it girls
have a lot of knick-knack tricks what
does that mean so for example I were in
a movie gear we get into a fight if
we're gonna fight in real life
more popcorn no I wonder if you can
climb back Mars girls can feel it well I
didn't what
no I don't know oh and I can't be like
what oh I can't do that songs like oh
yeah butter vanilla no no so you're
saying I do that that's the huge thing I
do something I don't know that feels
like that sometimes bullshit going with
your example if that were to happen and
I know there's people are on I'm gonna
do this you know what forget about it
we'll talk about it when we get home and
I'm gonna ignore you the rest of the
night yes sure she does that okay so
what are these knickknacks you're
talking about I think it feels like that
when even though I know you truly mean
it like you know we're not gonna talk
about right now but because I'm such a
type of guy to blood let's talk about it
right now neither we're not gonna talk
about right now yes you it feels like a
lot but to chair a rule that we said
that we told each other that we would do
is no matter what as soon as someone
brings up a problem the other person
immediately apologizes it's not an empty
apology it's not a like okay I'm sorry
so that they can shut up it's more like
shit i wronged you I apologize for that
because I'm so emotional in the
beginning and I'm thinking of like all
the wrongdoings and how it affected me
and like I've already set this into
second in head it's set in stone and you
go ahead and like you do the opposite of
what you said you're not going to do
then I'm so invested in my own head that
I don't want to say sorry because I feel
like I'm not at fault here and me not
saying sorry when he presents a problem
like causes this human flame to be like
and I'm the reason why we even have that
rule though is so a lot of a little
understand that rule the reason why we
have that rule is because whether or not
the misunderstanding or the fault lies
and either party when someone feels
offended
I feel like love yeah your love
overrules all in a relationship it
should be that I love her more than I
love myself going with that logic then
that means I should love her feelings
more than my own feeling so I value her
feelings more than mine so if I did
something where she's like me
you don't stepped on my toes instead of
like I know nobody toes I should be like
I'm sorry for stepping on your toes and
making you feel any type of negative
feelings immediately to kind of douse
the flames and then go can you please
explain to me how I stepped on your toes
and that's where we came up with that
whole concept because I think in
relationships it's very important that
you're not the most important that
you're not the most important person in
the relationship right the other person
is the most important relationship and
in theory it's beautiful and it's great
and it shows how much true you are right
but applied to a real situation because
we came up from completely different
backgrounds we have completely different
perceptions we have completely different
emotions and understandings of the
situation that it doesn't it doesn't
ever happen like that ever we try never
ever ever ever ever there was this one
time and I know you're gonna say you
don't remember it but try really hard to
remember this this is one of the fights
that we had we were leaving the gym and
as we were leaving there was this girl
walking by she's kind of half naked
right I really don't care if he stares
at girls just as long as he's up front
at buck up front about it right like if
you were to be like good and I was hot
right and be like oh shit we're okay
cool that's fine I don't care but he
likes to pride himself on the fact that
he doesn't stare at other girls and he
could care less about them that he's
only merely myrin their shapes so
because he's so like into fitness he
looks such shapes and like some like a
symmetry yeah symmetry and like all that
stuff right cuts to this day he sees
this girl I see his wandering eyes right
and I'm I'm like this fucking hypocrite
already I'm already like going into my
emotional thing I'm already being an
asshole but whatever so I'm already like
this fucking hypocrite
why is this just be a front was he
trying to hide but what the hell's his
problem this is it right so like it's
already started in my head
he has no idea he's all smiling
whistling cuz he just had a really cool
Rick anything right and I'm just like
burn it's just building up in my head
and I'm like so what she's hot he's like
wait what what are you talking
my I saw you check her out I didn't
check her out
me I clearly saw you go like this I saw
you check around he's like babe I didn't
check her I swear to god I promised I'd
check like whatever dude I saw if you
checked her out that's cool don't worry
about it's all good he gets out of the
car because we're at a red light gets
out of the car and starts walking home
I'm like what the fuck
fine let him walk I don't care
