I didn't check her I swear to God I
promise I'm sure like whatever dude I
saw it if you checked out that's cool
don't worry about it it's all good
so this continued from the gym and it
kind of like we went back and forth back
and forth up until we got into the car
we're heading back home and while we
were heading back home I'm like babe
it's fine whatever he wanted to turn out
that's cool just be up front he's like
what done both I already told you I got
a guitar and you just kind of like
explode and then it's like that's it all
hell breaks loose Bart goes into like
gorilla mode he starts like hitting
things inside the car he can't take it
anymore
I I haven't apologized for anything
because I feel like he did me wrong and
I'm just like all right whatever just go
have your little tantrum then right so
he's having his tantrum he can't take
anymore because he's like about to
murder me I think and like he gets out
of the car cuz we're at a red light gets
out of the car and starts walking home
I'm like what the fuck
fine let him walk I don't care yeah
usually for me when there's a situation
I am the type to immediately address it
and logically break things down but as
soon as it goes to this level where
there is no more reasoning involved and
things that are coming out of the other
person's mouth is just to anger me or
just to be emotional and I can sense
that they're not trying to resolve the
situation those are the times that make
me explode and make me leave the
situation unless I'm trying to like be
locked up for life and for that example
because I remember when that happened
but I do remember that moment that I
really didn't check any girl because if
I did check a girl out and she calls me
out on it he's gonna say he's looking at
shapes I get it no a couple after a
couple of times if I did say the girl
yeah what do you mean after a couple of
times that many times whoa what does
that mean after a couple times what what
does that mean that's a couple times of
what that I've asked you yes why not the
first time because a dime excuse me
you fucking love getting underneath my
skin I swear well anyways so even when
it comes to checking out girls I'm like
on it when it comes to looking at girls
shapes for me personally there's two
there's two different things me into
someone that's into fitness I look at
both guys and girls for cemetery
aesthetics and all that right so when I
see a girl walk in and I'm like oh cool
she has nice legs nice ashpod does
squats lunges whatever and it's just my
natural like fitness mind thinking but
I'm not trying to deny that I'm also a
guy where like you're eating out a
restaurant and a hot girl like walks by
catches my attention I can't control it
but my eyes will be like it's my
intellectual aside that's like what the
hell are you doing you got a girlfriend
don't make her look dumb that's like all
you see but you don't even know it but
but oh all guys both of that oh no God
no God no guy Lister a straight-up
douche bag or scum of the earth wants to
disrespect their girlfriend right and
that's not what I'm saying
but so so at that time though when you
said that I was staring at that girl I
didn't even know what girl you're
talking about and I think that's what
got me so pissed cuz I was like what
what fucking girl I was not looking at
any girl cousin or the other time when
there's that one black girl you thought
I was staring at it but then I was just
looking at all that yeah she looks like
a track star because of her lace and
that's funny it knows the trucks but she
was were in a check shirt like 2012
champion this is what his eyes were
doing the entire set so I'm at the squat
rack right and you know when you're
doing the squat rack for most like what
are the commercial gyms they have like
the smear in front of you right so I'm
like looking at my looking at like my
posture making sure that I'm like good
go my knees are like not gonna be all
fucked up right so I'm like squatting
and I see his reflection behind me
because he'd like just finished his set
so he's sitting there and the black
girls like right next to me working out
right and I'm trying to focus on my set
but I can't because I see this fools
fucking small a size like this
oh you weren't even putting up there
that's it I was completely putting up
with the fact that like howdy cousin I'm
staring at my focus stop it
cuz I see my face here but then I see
your face here and there's something
that keeps moving so I'm like what the
hell is going on so I'm doing this and
then I catch your eyes going like this
my mom I'm gonna die cuz I carry so much
weight are you gonna die because I squat
a lot of weight anyways just kidding
just to clear it up for your girls
unless you're dating a scumbag and he
doesn't give a fuck yes he won't be
staring like a motherfucker but for most
guys let me finish they do respect a
girl in a China disrespect you on
purpose
it's just human nature when a guy sees a
hot girl they're gonna be like yeah but
if their mind that's like I respect my
girl I love my dad who brings it back
okay so wait a minute wait a minute so
to also kind of blow your mind at the
same time girls don't even give a fuck
that you're checking other girls out if
you do two things
what if you're a good boyfriend and you
always tell them hey I love you and you
reassure them that they're the only ones
that are in your heart right one two is
if you're just up front if you just say
hey what do you think about that girl
she's cute right then the girl's gonna
be like hey yeah most likely she's just
kind of jump in the comments what I told
you we also like to look at girls and
hot people we're not blind
we're not like we get that guys I agree
with you on that that I know that but
for that specific situation I didn't
even know what girl you're talking about
and you know from your own personal
experience that if there's a hot girl I
have shown you Ezreal down she's pretty
hot right you know that yeah she's hot
so you know that I do that I don't know
what you're fighting like as if I don't
do that but I'm talking about that in
general guys don't either disrespected
well okay and I get that but for that
particular situation and example I saw
your eyes move right maybe maybe it was
just bad timing
I don't know we'll never know now right
but I I mean
I believe what you're saying but I think
what had to have happened in that
situation was because I felt wrong and I
presented the problem I expected for you
to apologize my guess with that example
I don't know I I think we could have
dealt that in a completely different way
and it should never be to the point
where you want to just kill each other I
think that's always bad yeah I think
you're not all arguments it's never like
one person is completely at fault
there's always that at the most extreme
9091 where even when one person seems
like they're completely at fault all the
evidence points at them the other person
always has the choice to be the bigger
man and usually being the bigger person
well like douse the flames like crazy
for example when she completely like
when she was blaming me for staring at
this girl they don't even know about
instead of like being so defensive and
but what the fuck are you talking about
fuck for the 25th time I wasn't staring
at any girl I should just be like babe
wait let's go back to the gym let's see
what's good point out out or like I'm
sorry yeah yeah like I'm like hey babe
I'm sorry that you think that I was
staring at a girl but I really wasn't or
whatever you know like it that I could
have been the bigger man to God
situation but I did it I was just more
caught up into my own fight like right
and you know what sucks it's like after
every huge fight that you and I have
ever had I like to sit there and think
about you know my life and I like to
think about mistakes that I've made and
I think when it comes to fighting I
always always hate the way I dealt with
that situation like every single fight I
feel like Fox I could have done it this
way I could have done it that way why
didn't I see this why did I why did I
say this one of the things that I came
up with that I've yet to implement and
I'm gonna try really hard really really
hard to do this but one of the things
that I felt that might help with people
who are emotional like myself and you
can't talk the the the problem through
like on the spot I told myself that I
would before opening my mouth and saying
some dumb shit but I would like count
three seconds and just be like one two
three and as I'm counting I'm really
trying to think of like the nice stuff
that I could say opposed to the negative
things that I'm about to say and like so
that I could feel better because I think
when I deal with it that way I think I'm
being pretty selfish because I'm like
why did why did he do that to me why
didn't he just say sorry what and I'm
thinking more about myself when what I
should have been doing mom is being like
shit okay wait a minute let's see what
happened here and really try to analyze
the situation if you guys would like to
see how Bart deals with the way I solve
our fighting situations then go ahead
and check out his video cuz he's got a
really funny story to share with you
this but as the years passed I started
peeling back all these different layers
of what makes part part and I started
noticing that there were a lot of big
baby traits like I said I had no fucking
preparation for
