what up y'all
so Barton I officially started our very
own clothing line barb helper games it
is Fitness inspired street wear so not
only do I look dope is fuck and beast me
in the gym it's comfortable it looks why
but it's also another very dope when
you're walking down the street I'll hook
up with your outfit of the day and the
whole mission behind bottle brigade is
dominating humbly we believe and killing
it beats in it smashing it in your whole
life whatever you're into sports jobs
passions hobbies but the whole time
remaining humble and respectful but
don't let the haters think that just
because you're a gentleman ass
motherfucker that you ain't going oh oh
no you did it oh no you did it so if we
were to sponsor a superhero you know who
it Rock our shit Batman
yep the dark good guy or Wolverine yeah
the motherfucker with a chip on his
shoulder kills for good is a fucking
beast - laughs arm upper gate represents
if you like our ship make sure you go on
our website Marva brigade calm and we
regularly put new designs up there so
check it out and I hope you like it
thank you
he's standing on stuff so that we look
the same height
