hey what's up y'all as most of you know
Bart and I have been in a relationship
for about five years now and there are
so many things that initially attracted
me to him him as a man as like strong
and rugged and is like willing to take
on anything for his loved ones is just
what attracted me to him
a hundred percent but as the years
passed I started peeling back all these
different layers of what makes Bart Bart
and I started noticing that there were a
lot of big baby traits that I had no
fucking preparation for for example bart
has sensitivity to heat so anytime you
have a real madness together the heat
okay but not every real man handles the
situation the way that you do you make
sure that the whole world around you
knows that it's fucking hot so if we're
in the office the temperature has to be
below 40 degrees all the doors have to
be open there has to be some sort of
breeze going in and out he has to take
off whatever article of clothing he came
into the office with so this this would
be gone his freaking shorts would be
gone he's trying to conduct the business
with his like staff in his fucking red
boxers and I'm thinking like dude how
old are you right now
like what you can do is probably by like
a personal fan or something those all
work bitches I need a straight-up
commercial a/c unit okay so that's just
one of the things that I was like what
the hell did I get myself into because
he frickin whines and cries about it all
the time and that's just in the office
so what about oh yeah that's wrong I
don't wanna that whole you whine like a
frickin baby girl at home so we have a
king-size bed it's pretty spacious
and that's even because of him before I
had this he had a really comfortable
queen-size bed that was like perfect but
because at night your giant ass but
because that night our skins would touch
you at all it's so hot and then like in
the morning babe babe babe we need to
pick your bed
we can't it gets so hot so we get this
breeder hot these days
okay fine baby fine so we get this super
king-size bed right so now there's we
could fit like four people on it
comfortably but somehow every single
other week we fucking have to switch
sides because he's like this sides too
hot my sets too lumpy
Oh mother I don't like to switch sides
bad quality it is your fault because
just suck it like I'm quoting Bart when
he says this okay cuz he tells me this
all the time suck it the fuck up man up
but somehow fucking into this month
23 times already we switch sides like on
our bed because there's something going
on your cousin in China it's easy to get
lumpy but how come I didn't experience
any of this stuff such a liar okay so
that's just the heat part of it right so
now it's let's let's see when he's sick
anytime he's sick forget about it you
see these muscles that he works on every
single day whatever stop right as soon
as he has the common cold I'm not even
saying like any like crazy bacteria or
crazy diseases or whatever just the
common cold as soon as
gets that you know the comment called is
way crazier than back then but but you
barely have any of the symptoms that
like someone with a crazy case of cough
and cold has you're talking about like
he can't even talk his legs magically
don't work like that the light bothers
him like the sounds bother him he can't
even like feed himself I'm like what the
fuck happened like like I'm thinking yo
with these type of symptoms I have to
take it to the emergency room like
seriously like the way he acts right but
the next two days I like mention ice
cream or something that he's like you
know whatever you're so exaggerated so
it's like I am always telling myself
like what's the point of you like I
think so manly and like trying to lift
all these weights if we were just gonna
be whining all the damn time I just know
that you like to take care no I don't
they told me it's my responsibility as a
good woman you told me that when I
taught you that stuff you like to take
care sometimes sometimes but you take
advantage of that way too much like way
too much like there's times where he
just has a headache yeah but like do you
want do you want some headache like this
I'm always like why are you like being
such an exaggerated ass baby right now
and I'm like are you hungry
like how do you shake your head if you
have a fucking headache you little big
ass baby like a monstrous trapezius
muscle feeling that helped you know what
else Rogers
Oh God he wins about everything
forget about him being hungry because
then he's gonna be like Oh hungry I'm
hungry I'm hungry right
okay fine baby you're a man and he has
to have what he wants so if he's craving
like a specific dish if I'm like hey
babe we're kind of with the big group we
kind of have to cater to everyone else
we can't have whatever you want on this
side this big-ass baby is pouting Oh
what happened at that Mexican restaurant
when you wanted that specific dish and I
was like hey babe I kind of don't would
probable and I give you all the
reasoning and you're like how about the
garlic butter shrimp yeah you are baby
he's such a fucking big baby
