what happened at that Mexican restaurant
when you wanted that specific dish and I
was like hey babe I kind of don't would
probable and they give you all the
reasoning you're like talk about the
garlic butter shrimp yeah he's such a
big baby if I don't you because before I
went there what we said we get so
there's this place called love it is
something mariscos in south care about
or wherever before we went there you
know sometimes you really like a
restaurant and you're like as soon as
someone says it you're like I know
exactly what I'm gonna get when we go
there and she doesn't know no excuse you
it's not that I didn't let you get it he
had a choice so this is how sneaky and
conniving his to something I had no idea
about dating him in the first like two
years so he had an option I was like hey
do you want to go 50-50 on a dish
because sometimes we both want to try a
couple things but we don't want to like
order the whole maybe because then like
our TAS gonna be huge right so I'm like
okay I'll get a dish you get a dish
we'll split our dishes 5050 so that we
can get the best of both worlds so like
why don't we do that so we got we got a
fish one and then we got something else
something that I like and then something
that he liked but he didn't he didn't
like that idea because he wanted two
things that he wanted and he was still
pouting that I wanted to have my choice
that's not fair nobody thought I knew
you were a pouty baby I would have never
gotten with a pouty baby that's how you
know I love your stupid furry ass cuz
you whine so much and there's even times
where like he's so predictable now
because we've been together for like a
thousand years but like I know when he's
hungry before he's gonna get hungry so
I'm like hey babe we gotta do this this
this and this and we got to eat he's
like no I'm cool I'm not hungry I'm like
babe trust me you're gonna be hungry
he's like not to worry about it I mean I
won't be hungry I'm a man right cut to
that time where I told him he was gonna
be hungry Oh
Green I'm like motherfucker I told you
we should have gotten some food cuz I
already know you think you know us cuz I
did late that day you know ft2 makes
what day what day am I talking about I
don't know exactly
exaggerated legs there we did squats
like crazy I did like eight sets of
those no he's exaggerating no I did I
went heavy too so yes you kind of like
came at me I the left field blindsided
me I had no idea that you had these
tendencies or these sides about you I
just thought you were like back straight
macho the teacher mother woman I got
these muscles because I'm just took if
shit falls on the floor I just go pick
it up and eat it I don't give fuck no
what I thought was oh and it's cute at
all it's cute enough don't get me wrong
but that's when you really know you love
someone because they have all these
fucking weird annoying tendencies that
you're just like then you makes you want
to tear their hair yes I've set their
hair on fire
yeah just like fucking cut them up into
little pieces welcome to the dog about
every other tooth yeah and you just like
peel back every single nail like that's
how you know that you really love
someone
cuz the honeymoon phase it's great and
you're getting to know each other and
you guys are like all romantic and
there's like hearts from your eyes and
shit and it's beautiful and like Bart
says both of you guys come with your A
game but it's not until shit gets real
and shit hits the fan when you really
realize damn I really love this person
because there's so many things
so many things that I love about this
fan the time you that you really love me
no of course I love you but just to just
to put it out there for all of you
newbie lovers yes there's a lot of great
things up ahead for you guys and if you
guys can get past all these little all
these little what is it hiccups then you
guys are gonna like be in for a treat
because yeah he's annoying and he's
white and head he's a big baby but at
the end of the day when he's not around
I genuinely miss all of his habits no
just thinking it was like it's because
for the longest time because we our
temperature settings are so different I
like things really really warm and hot
your see this and I like it cold and
it's so like she smells like - are you
pulling my shower experience so four
three showers all that you didn't take a
shot by yourself and the other day
should be that means you miss me - cuz
evening how many shower you said three
showers and that's all I'm like I just
Oh would you come in and thence I went
to another oh I should actually but
that's another God knows she wanted to
scratch my face off again because you
wanted a freaking fries me to death so
thank you guys for watching and if you
guys would like to see all the annoying
habits that Bart has to put up with
after being with me for five years five
long years you can click on his channel
bye well me and Gio we already been
living together for four years so we
thought it would shed some insight on
moving in together cuz sometimes it's
not what it seems
