what up y'all so we always get questions
about what's it like moving in with each
other well me and Geo we already been
living together for four years so we
thought it would shed some insight on
moving in together cuz sometimes it's
not what it seems what were some things
that you didn't expect after we moved in
together
so prior to living with you I never
really lived with anyone else
um I always lived at home and then when
I finally moved out I lived with three
other girls and living with females
seriously is like the best thing ever
because everyone's clean and everyone
takes care of their own shit and they're
organized and I consider it and ask all
these questions like is this yours okay
oh I'm sorry I touch data oh hey can I
borrow this so cool right that's turd
your house did smell good like all the
time yeah so Livia close was awesome so
I lived with them for about like a year
to about like two years and then I fell
in love with this specimen over here and
um I had never like slept over at a
boy's house I had never sure no Lucy I
have never done any of this stuff with
guys so you know I we fell in love like
right away and I thought he was like
perfect
I didn't think he did any other weird
shit that like all of us do behind
closed doors you know like all the weird
habits that we have all the weird
grooming Rico would I don't know like
even just shaving like like I think
that's like it just looks weird I am
Asian
so I don't know I just didn't think you
did anything weird that's that you know
that I do behind closed doors and stuff
show-and-tell been done so when you
moved in that's when I started seeing
all the weird habits happen like you
freaking gargling and cleaning your
throat you'll do this weird like pay and
I was like what the fuck is that
like that was very weird and then like
the way you brush your teeth so he
brushes his teeth but it's not like a
regular brushing it's more like I want
to get rid of these teeth there and ow
no so like there's all these like suds
and like all this like foam around his
mouth and somehow that trickles down to
like his wrist and it goes here and he's
like drooling here and like I never once
thought that I would see that you know
and then you'll like wash his face but
it's like kind of like a bird wash like
if you ever see like a little bit like a
bird get ready like he just like get in
the water they just like shake like that
so that said he would do he would just
grab the water hose so like my mirror
and everything that I keep stole clean
and organized what's so funny it was a
human
it was probably cute in the beginning
because I was like oh my baby was here
right and it's like this cute little
reminder that he's here but then after a
month that she gets old like really
really fast
so like my mirror was all fucked up and
then as soon as he would come home like
slowly articles of clothing would just
start coming off so you open the door
and there's like his socks then you walk
a little bit more then it's like his
pants in the position that he took it
off so he could tell you about like like
whatever and then it was like his shirt
is in another place so it's just a lot
of these little things Oh another one
his tissue he always has like some shit
going on with his nose so there's always
like little balls of tissue all over the
place so it's like all these little
things
that you don't do yourself that you have
to deal with now when the other half
comes into your life
are these sentimental reminders yeah
right um but I mean that's just like the
bad stuff like like I shouldn't say bad
but that's just like the hard shit that
you have to deal with like other
people's like have it and we're not my
fault that I washed my face that way my
mom my grandma was the one that taught
me how to wash my face and the way she
washes it is I guess in old school
Asia like you know how like nowadays we
have a sink but old school Asia you
would like go to the community well or
whatever and then you get a bucket of
water so she brings it back and she goes
and they're like she put soap on doesn't
even make any sense cuz if she had to go
so far to get water from it well don't
you think she'd want to preserve that
shouldn't still kind of keep it in the
bowl
all right in her face is dirtiest but
this is what I learned and then I'd
learn how brush my teeth or my grandma
too and she's just scrubbed up fuck out
on a defect unless she's trying to scrub
the last bit of oil off of a frying pan
for feel nothing you look like like
you're just like teeth fuck you here um
so it's just like a bunch of like these
little knickknacks that you have to deal
with from the other person and I'm sure
I probably did like really annoying
stuff a lot huh damn rude wait till it's
my turn when it's my videos like
seriously when your mom came over to our
place she was just like oh wow geo is so
nice and so organized and so neat cuz
seriously I had everything in its place
everything smells so nice place now
you live there sure so that's just like
one of the rude awakenings that I had
and and something that I want to tell
you guys to just
like just just be prepared there's gonna
be some weird shit and some like
annoying little habits that you're not
used to because think about it like you
lived on your own for all these years
and now all of a sudden you have to kind
of like assimilate to like this this new
this other person's world and and
sometimes crazy what other weird happens
have you discovered or have you had the
privilege of being in the presence so
you do you kind of like bend over right
and then like I had to move my chair for
this so you kind of bend over and then
you kind of do this thing
and then like sorry and then like you
kind of just do this and then you have
to like wipe this way right
