what other weird happens have you
discovered or have you had the privilege
of being in the presence of oh my god
there's too many huh I've been living
with you for so long now that I don't
even know but God what's like a weird
just say that wipe my ass bitch I didn't
want to bring that up okay gotta be real
okay well so for most people out there
I'm gonna definitely just kind of teach
you how to clean your ass like the
proper way so for feeling the right way
to clean a house there is excuse you so
for for females specifically you never
go from the front I mean from the back
to the front because think about it if
you had wiping your ass that means
you're smearing whatever yeah ask you
Regina
exactly which can attribute to a lot of
wrong vagina tinnitus yeah exactly
so you never want to wipe that way right
so what most girls will do if they want
to like separate the back in the front
maybe they just want to take care of the
back first and then take care of the
front later then you kind of just go to
the side and then you wipe right but
then if you want to do the front to the
back same concept you kind of just pick
up your ass cheek and then soup your
hand underneath it and then just wipe
but this fool over here it's like
whatever they taught him when he was
four years old it kind of stuck with him
till this day my grandma didn't teach me
this way okay so when you're four you
really don't understand your body very
well and you're kind of top-heavy so you
have to like do whatever you can to like
kind of balance your big-ass head with
your little body right okay so you're
kind of top to everybody
see it's just like oh we should I gotta
wipe my butt now so you do you kind of
like bend over right and then like I had
to move my chair for this she kind of
bent over and then you kind of do this
thing and then like sorry and then like
you kind of just do this and then you
have to like wipe this way right
so you're still trying to stabilize
yourself so that's cute and all when
you're about four years old but the
gentleman over here for some reason
still wipes is that's like that it's
like I see the
grown-ass men with am I supposed to do
it I just told you what oh like that
yeah you just kind of like yeah there
you go that's not what I do you do but
you bent over when you don't need to I
feel like so you know how like your
asshole right I like it like it this D
there butt cheeks
it's assholes right here I feel like
perfect example perfect example we all
eight main goals before right so to eat
a mango any chopped it into thirds the
side that's like round like this what do
you do you cut it into like a ninja
turtle shell looking theme and then you
peel the whole thing backwards opens up
so the reason why I like my ass like
that is first of all I bend over so I
peel it this way then I pull my ass
cheeks apart so it turns into the mango
and the asshole is completely clear and
I can wipe the fuck out that
motherfucker I get it but then we also
have like those moist wipes so it's like
your extra ear that your ass is like
extra clean and like sanitary but
there's no reason why you need to bend
over like that so the first time I saw
it like that cuz I didn't want to
embarrass him cuz you know wiping your
ass is like a very intimate thing very
vulnerable yeah it's super vulnerable
especially for mils
so when um I think I was like watching
my hand there doing something and I
guess he wanted to show me like hey
we're living together now I love you you
love me I'm cool with you girl or
showing oh yeah I'm comfortable with you
girl so fuck it I'm gonna take a dump
here and then you know I'm just gonna
I'm just gonna show you how I do it so
I'm like doing something I hammer what I
was doing but then from the corner of my
eye I can see it's about that time to
start wiping right so I see him and like
it's all fuzzy because I see it from my
peripheral and I just see this and then
I was like what the fuck is it it was
like the weirdest thing I had ever
experienced ever that's how real men
went through
I don't know but with all that being
said I mean I know it sounds like
there's a lot of bats uh-huh
when you move in with someone but on the
flip side it's actually really dope
waking up to like your best friend every
morning and going to sleep with them
every morning but it's not waking up
with your nasty-ass breath that's for
sure
I had to bring you back down to earth
babe and let me go why do I wait you're
a spy Bing Bing I think that's a you
talk about but no it's really cool it's
actually a lot of fun like living with
with your significant other because yeah
you get to see the weird stuff and you
have to put up with their annoying
habits and you know if you guys fight
and stuff it's like when you're living
apart it's like you guys can go to your
own place blow off some steam and then
come back and then talk like regular
people but when you are sharing the same
living space then it's just like Oh what
could choke you but I can't go anywhere
because anywhere I go you're there so it
kind of forces you to just deal with the
problem immediately and and and you kind
of just grow a lot a lot faster and a
lot closer that way I've noticed at
least so yeah for all of you lovebirds
out there that are kind of like thinking
should I move in with this person should
I not I highly recommend it just because
that's when you really get to know a
person as soon as you guys start like
incorporating each other's lives into
each other's lives it sounds dumb yeah
it sounds stupid so if you guys would
like to know what Bart's a point of view
and perspective and all his advice on
this exact same topic for all the
unexpected beings that came to be after
moving in with this monster
Oh mom I'm a monster I don't have to go
to my video to check it out by us no
question being how does it feel to date
a guy that is so much
