hey what's up y'all we are back again
and today I want to talk about something
that you guys are always bringing up and
you guys are always asking me this
question um so hopefully I can answer
everyone's question and give you my two
cents on the matter
question being how does it feel to date
a guy that is so much shorter hmm okay
so I'm 511 and I'm five nine stupid he
just lodged but yeah he's fine I'm
five-eleven
and how does it feel um it actually
feels it feels fine really
yeah it feels fine cuz you're actually
like the third guy that I've dated like
you're telling me I'm not special
no you're super special huh but you're
the third guy that I dated that's been
shorter than me out of like five
boyfriends that I had I've had you've
been you've been like number two but you
don't like stereotypically guys are
supposed to be taller than girls how do
you feel about dating a guy that's
shorter than you
um I never really thought about it like
I've never really been the girl that has
always looked for like I don't even have
a Tyson guy like I don't say like oh my
god my next boyfriends gonna be this
height his skin colors gonna be this
he's gonna have this much in his bank
account ya know I've never I've never
been like that like I hear a lot of
girls like or guys have asked people
like what's your what's your type and I
don't have a type because with me I
don't know why it turned out to be like
this maybe because I've been so
different all my life that like I just
I've just learned to look past the
physical and I've always just liked
people for being people um and that's
kind of been also my downfall sometimes
because I've dated like losers and I'm
not saying like mean people but like
I've dated people that were not up to
par with me and it's because of that
because I I look
past like their motivations and stuff in
it and I just look at their heart so for
me yeah I don't really pay attention to
the physicals
but what about like stereotypically you
know how my girls always want to like
they want a bigger or taller guy because
they want to feel protected
you don't what don't you like want to
have that same feeling or like this
bigger stronger taller man it's like
always protecting you that's absolutely
true a lot of girls including myself do
feel that we need this sort of
protection and I think that's why if the
guy was short I think subconsciously
they've always been at least like on the
more masculine side or they've been like
seriously I think that's why I don't
feel that you're shorter than me at
times because you're so wide and you're
so big that like you hug me and I'm like
I'm cool this wall has got my back so I
think in that aspect it's still it's
still disbalance sorry telling me that
if I was smaller like let's say skinnier
then you would have a problem being with
me I think I think I would have I would
be a little bit more insecure because
then I would feel like I was like more
of a giant because I would feel like how
are we wearing the same size pants why
can we fit in the same size small shirt
like I would feel like less of a girl
like I would feel like more masculine
than anything else so physical features
do matter then I guess so I guess so
damn discovery so like dude does it but
I guess that's what I mean by when I say
subconsciously I don't purposely pick it
this way because I've had dated a guy
that was shorter and thinner than me and
it was and I mean we had like a three
year relationship and it was never
anything that like stopped it you know
but I did catch myself in the beginning
thinking like oh my god who's skinnier
than a this is crazy
what about do you have like a height
limit then let's let's say so I'm five
nine right
I'm guessing five eight is kind of cool
what I feel was like five three um
I haven't been attracted to anyone that
much shorter than me but I would like to
believe that I'm an open-minded person
and if the person just stole my heart
completely and you know they were
everything I wanted in a human being
then then yeah I don't see why I
wouldn't like Tim cuz 10 is 5:30 but you
got a game yeah I mean I kinda got bad
confidence I know and confidence for me
is key I think confidence for me is the
height I think that's what it is I think
confidence is height for me so I think
for you you're not really like limited
to the physical features per se it's
more of the confidence and how much of a
man this person is yeah whether it's
embodied in height right in personality
or in thickness you have a man meter
rather than a hike mean exactly Oh
exactly that was perfectly stated um
yeah so like someone like Tim I think it
would be totally cool
even though Ephron's butt chuggin amount
stop it but um no I think that way too I
think that would be totally cool oh yeah
it's girlfriend hot ro ho chi up yeah
yeah she's pretty
what about like when you first brought
me over to your family to meet your
family because your brother is held at
all 266 for oh my god you only say
things too and then your brother and the
entire family is always like six foot
he's huge I'm not sure I first shook her
brother's hand it was like this I was
like hey nice to meet you like do yo my
sister I kill you oh no no really
Wow okay well I don't really stand close
to him and because I'm taller like he
doesn't look that much taller than me
but when you're at heels he's still
taller than you but not until I stand
next to the
like oh yeah that's right you're not
telling me - take he's 6 4 so like did
you feel like because I know like when
you bring your your your loved one to
your family right there's always this
kind of like measuring up and down that
the family does whether it's a cousin
that's like oh my honey is hotter than
yours or like who does have money or
like you know like there's always some
sort of like measuring that yeah did you
feel like and being that your family
traditionally the guys are very like uh
cheap machismo right did you feel like
oh shit I'm gonna bring like this little
shrimp over and then they're just gonna
clown all over and walk all over him um
not to give you a big head or anything
but I was so proud to be with you and I
was so happy that we were together that
nothing else mattered more it was like I
I had received like this great
achievement and I needed to just run to
my parents and let them know like this
is this is what I put up a pain and it
was more like that than anything else
like I didn't think like oh my god he's
he's different in this aspect or in that
aspect it was more like I cannot wait to
show the one that I love to the ones
that I love thank you trying to get
lucky oh yeah it never is expose ear
I'm never being romantic ever again boy
that was romantic you're gross awesome
you're gross do you feel like your
parents or your family received me the
way that you did though or do you feel
like
