I'm never being romantic ever again
alright that was romantic get gross
awesome you're gross so you felt like do
you felt like your parents or your
family received me the way that you did
though or do you feel like that maybe
your dad was like he's kind of short do
you feel like your dad is like well
neither down like the same high but do
you think like the other men in your
family like what's your sister's husband
or like your brother were like it's got
kind of small yeah I think at that
moment it it didn't matter to me what
they thought about you it mattered that
I projected this confidence and like
this passion about being with you that
that just based off how I described you
and how I saw you that they felt the
same way so that's that was where my
head felt like it was more important to
emphasize than to try to defend you
that's pretty cool yeah that's kind of
like this is what I like and if you guys
love me you'll know yeah because it's
like it's like if they really love you
or if they really love me then why would
they want to see me unhappy like if they
saw that I was so passionate and so in
love with you and like and and just so
eager to have you guys like he's to out
like these two different worlds that I
love equally just you know unite if that
made me happy then then I don't see why
they would ever do anything to remove
that happiness for me so my emphasis
came with just making sure that they saw
how much I felt for you going back then
on the mission the guy being like the
caregiver and you know stereotypically
there's like roles of like even just a
few like decades ago women didn't work
and guys work you know another one that
brought home the bread and all that how
would you feel then if you were with a
guy that was like I say best successful
or make less money or had lower
education
do you think that would play a role in
how you choose your make or tell you
yeah like how you would choose than me
um so I think intellect and love or
passion is the most important for me so
if if this person has the biggest heart
in the world but they're dumb as a rock
like I think our relationship could only
go so far because then like they
wouldn't stimulate intellectually
anymore so it would be like I think we
would hit a plateau just like very
quickly um but then on the other hand if
they were super smart but had like no
passion or had no no fire all right just
like didn't have a good heart then then
that would immediately fizzle because
it's like you can't really have love
just based off of pure intellect so I
think a balance between you know someone
that's intellectually at my level and
then someone that has like a great big
heart um I think that's like the
ultimate importance it doesn't matter
how much money you have it doesn't
matter I mean like I want you to be a
good person I don't want you like doing
evil Kayla I mean but even with that I
wouldn't be judgmental tick why are you
selling drugs you know what I mean like
is it because you're trying to support
this this passion like you're trying to
start your own business so you kind of
go that's cool I know I'm saying like
there's always ways around things you
don't I mean like if if if your head
your heart are in the right place I
think I think we can overcome anything
you know I mean like nothing's permanent
you know well I guess that's really
really a deep part of you to be able to
whatever fuck whatever circumstance dis
dudes and maybe he's a drug dealer he's
a gangster
let me figure out how smart he is and
and how big of a heart he has and then
let me let me get to know through that
way and then I'll figure out why he's in
the circumstance yeah yeah exactly and
the reason why I emphasize like just let
you know I'm one of the America's most
wanted people in fugitive yeah I know so
much about you that you don't need to
know sure of it but um but yeah I mean I
think that's that's what's really
important a lot of girls get caught up
in a lot of the little details not to
say that it's wrong of them to do that
because you know people find out they're
compelled compatibilities in different
ways but something that I've commonly
seen you know with my friends and and
even a younger Gio is that we look at
things that sometimes don't matter
um and and if we can look past those
things and focus on the things that have
longevity and the things that lasts like
you know where where their head and
their heart is then I think then that's
when you start making wiser choices but
then again you're also like a really
special case shuttle now if pull me that
make sure um my specialty
cuz like you're you're like this perfect
balance for me um both stuff but they
like this perfect balance for me that
like you're like Mandy and like raw and
like bucket if my food falls on the
flower cup of shit ups they're gonna eat
it it's such a sir I mean it's dirty but
still like yeah I just I need someone
that's stronger than me like cuz I maybe
I might do that and I don't want that
gotta be like you what are you doing
it's like who cares longer to kill me I
know
um so you have that but then you also
have like the paw bear in you that's
like really sweet and then like you can
make yourself so small and like furry
and stuff and I really like it and
you're not an idiot like you're pretty
fucking smart so thank you thank you so
yeah I think I think I really I really
scored that's very very sweet of you as
soon as the cameras turn up I was
becoming a total bitch
Iowa is anything you are else you want
to tell them um I think it's just really
important as like cliche as this sounds
it's like to not judge a book by its
cover and I know that it's hard
especially living in LA because it's
like you're surrounded by a bunch of
like weird people or people who feel
like you know they're better than people
yeah so just learn to look tossed any
physical attributes and just really try
to focus on their brain and their heart
and seriously you're either gonna find a
really good friend or you're gonna weed
out a bunch of fucking losers or you
might just find a little bit your life
so I actually asked the BART the exact
same question and if you want to hear
what all his replies were to that
question please go and click on his
beautiful face or visit the description
down below and click to watch his video
until next time what's up y'all so I've
been reading a lot of comments so people
are like oh shit I didn't know Jill's
taller than part or damn part is way
shorter than G oh that's so weird or
like sometimes people even see me on the
street holding gos handle I feel taller
than you
