hey what up y'all
today is my back attack day and I wanted
to do something a little bit different
so I decided to have an outdoor workout
get my nature on as you can see here I
am doing pull-ups wipe your pull-ups
normally you want to start wide and then
work your way narrow that way you don't
stress out your biceps and you're
hitting those lats opposed to fuck it
stressing out your biceps and not being
able to hit those left's so as you can
see I fucking have to jump because I
suck and I have weak upper body look at
that
can't even that's really me trying to do
a pull-up but because I have no upper
body strength I am working on just
jumping and basically my legs are like
spotting me I guess you can say so
because my upper body is so weak I work
more on negatives so that's just me
jumping up trying not to use my legs as
much as possible just trying to use as
much as my arms as I possibly can and
then holding it up there for as long as
I possibly can and coming down as slow
as I possibly can and hopefully doing
this my positives will get better so
that's kind of my strategy here and as
you can see I'm wearing chains these
things are honestly I don't even know
how much it weighs
look at that fucking sauce money I don't
really know how much disobeys so ghetto
I know but you're looking at about 20 to
50 pounds just to give it that
resistance and just to give it a good
little workout you know just trying to
get my D under salt on before they
invented sweaters and fucking Pelican
cases they were fucking climbing fences
and not wearing shoes like I'm wearing
but whatever I'm just trying to get in
touch with nature here but here I am
doing narrow grip oh I just moved it to
wide grip pull-ups and I'm trying to
hold my bodyweight up I think this one's
about like 3 SEC
and then slowly release it so it's one
two three up there it is and hopefully
next video you guys will see me at least
you're one pull-up because this is just
fucking pathetic look at that so I
really can't wait for you guys to see my
improvements and if you guys don't see
any more pull the videos that's probably
because I suck and I haven't been
improving but right now this will be the
strategy that I attempt I'll do this for
probably like a month or a few months
and then if this doesn't work I'll apply
something different now I am doing bicep
curls and I guess I felt like my fucking
biceps weren't dead enough from all
those pull ups so I wanted to kill them
a little bit more and look at that oh
God
yeah dude seriously there was so much
blood in my muscles they were so
fatigued I was trying so hard trying not
to use any legs trying to just isolate
that bicep but just wasn't going up
I just wasn't happening look at that oh
my god it looks like I have like a
back's better back spasm dead dude so
weak
but I love that I love that you get to
see that I'm starting from like the very
beginning this is me at my raw is the
purest form at like the very bottom so
for all of you guys watching this and
you're like oh my god I know this
feeling like that's where I am right now
and it's really dope because it's like
we're working out together and shit so I
really can't wait to show you guys the
progress and how I've been improving
with all this stuff but um yeah that's
really really quota to work out outdoors
oh my god we'll get that look at that
yep that's it find a defeat throw the
fucking chains on the floor face up
intensity I will not lose but I lose
every time
look at that help myself out thank you
very much I'll spot myself I don't need
you it's crazy I look like two people on
one side I look like a girl and then I
turn around and then it's like hair's
gone I get it Skrillex yeah I know
everyone tells me that so look at that
self assisting I love it but here I am
doing pin presses or what some people
like to call dead bench I guess and the
philosophy the philosophy behind this is
that you want to work on a shorter range
of motion and work on the explosiveness
or some shit like that
I don't know Bart just tells me to do it
and I'm like alright cool
and um all I know is that I can do a
little bit more weight on this smith
machine so I feel like a fucking brush
