hey what's up beautiful people today is
chest day a lot of you guys have been
asking me for that I have no idea why
because I don't know what the fuck I'm
doing but here I am doing pin presses or
what some people like to call dead bunch
I guess and the philosophy the
philosophy behind this is that you want
to work on a shorter range of motion and
work on the explosiveness or some shit
like that
I don't know Bart just tells me to do it
and I'm like alright cool and um all I
know is that I can do a little bit more
weight on this smith machine so I feel
like a fucking better
yeah look at that 45 what the hell would
will I ever be able to do a fucking
plate come on now
but look at that one
fuck ya again
there goes Bart trying to help me out um
but yeah it's really cool like I felt
like a total badass doing this 45 check
this check Bart's assistant help out
right now so he's not touching the bar
yet look at that I'm still stuck look at
that one finger one finger help so
awesome
so now moving on to inclined bench
presses and normally I always start with
about ten pounds after just you know
after I've warmed up but this time
around I think it was because of the pin
presses I had um I had a lot more
strength it was pretty crazy so the tens
literally felt like fucking two pounds
so it was pretty dope I do this you know
five reps five sets right after that I
felt like ten was way too easy so I
moved on to thirty pounds I fucking hate
when that happens my ear my ear phone
gets stuck somewhere when I'm sitting
down or like I'm one of the ways it
falls out I look at bar instead of
putting it in my ear he freakin throws
them out of my ear and of course I need
my music to get pumped up look at this
full
oh what a Butthead but anyway yeah so
I'm gonna do five sets five reps up
thirty and it looks like my chest gets a
bunch of air every time I do that but I
only do it because I'm like bringing my
shoulder blades together to make a solid
to make my back solid just to give it a
little bit more support and this time
around again fucking the earphone I hate
you but again I'm doing thirty I thought
I needed help but I think again because
of the because of the pink press it like
I don't know it made me superwoman or
something because I was able to do that
without any sort of assistance and soon
this is the first time I've ever done
32.5 pounds and um I feel like a fuckin
badass and at that moment I was so in
the zone I didn't even realized that I
was doing 32 pounds
I've yet to touch that especially on a
fucking incline bench
I'm usually super weak if you've seen
any of my other videos I'm always
talking about how freakin weak I am you
know in my upper body last but not least
here I am with Bart doing our circuit
and this is where we throw in the cardio
portion of our workout just to get that
just to get that extra sweat in and with
this particular circuit it's ten ten ten
so it's side raise up right row and then
overhead press because I'm doing ten of
each exercise back-to-back no breaks in
between I have to make sure that I you
know select a really small weight
normally I would never pick up seven
pounds because it's way too easy but
this time around my arms were so full of
blood
foggy earphone ah they're so pumped that
I could like barely pick anything up so
I'm only using seven pounds and then for
the upright rows I'm using twenty five
but after like two sets real talk I move
down to town because it was just way too
fucking heavy and then with the overhead
press I do twenty pounds which I felt
like I could have done a little bit
heavier but towards the end seriously I
was just using all legs just cuz I
couldn't do it so we do about five sets
ten each and God dang it I was dying
you'll see me you'll see me go from 25
right back down to 10 yep and I was
about to die yeah this is a really good
cardio workout gets your blood flowing
gets your heart rate up
starts burning that extra fat especially
after you do weight training it's really
really a great way to end your workout
session and look at that I look like I'm
about to poop on my pants
I love circuit training seriously I get
to incorporate all these different
workouts into one and I get a really
good sweat in because the only time I
sweat the most is when I'm doing the
biggest body part which happens to be
legs and I love it I love it so much so
when I do like upper body and stuff I
don't sweat as much so I love to close
it off with circuit training and we try
to switch it up every single day with
different types of circuits depending on
what body part we're working on that
on that day so stay tuned for more
circuit training tips thank you so much
for watching here's my first actual set
I am doing 135 as you can see there I'm
still refining my technique and I'm
trying to force that pop at the bottom
and I actually did it but I got scared
that I was gonna get stuck
