it's a beautiful people today is the leg
day I am here doing 115 as a warm-up
weight I do about eight to ten reps just
to make sure that I don't hurt anything
my joints and all my muscles are warmed
up and the blood is the following here's
my first actual set I am doing 135 as
you can see there I'm still refining my
technique and I'm trying to force that
pop at the bottom and I actually did it
but I got scared that I was gonna get
stuck so I was like oh shit so I stopped
I'm currently focusing on building up my
explosive strength
let's try do about five sets that's five
reps set this is shirt say just do dirt
holy shit
here's a different angle I feel like I
can still go a lot lower I don't have
any power the thing shoes on or anything
I just I just like to squat in trucks
cuz they're flat and solid and it's
pretty standard I think so right here I
am doing 155 real talk though nothing
against 24-hour fitness but I don't like
it they only have one squat rack and
that freaking mirror isn't even centered
throwing me off is shit then I moved on
to 165 and I was having a little bit of
trouble again because I'm just trying to
refine the technique I try to practice
spreading the floor and that's literally
you imagining that you when you're
trying to lift up the weight you are
literally trying to spread the floor
with your feet and that helps you bring
it back up another technique that I like
to practice and imagine is that I am
bending the bar that's on my back that I
am bending it forward and I've noticed
that both of those things have
significantly helped me increase my
weight and get the bar up not this last
set though help help help help
Thank You Bart for the assist and lastly
just to shock the body here is another
set
just use a drop set so right now it's
235 plates and then ten to ten plates I
do about five reps and or as many as I
can do
fuckin because I am the biggest pansy
ever I RAC the weight then as you can
see here KC and Bart will take off the
small weights and then I will continue
to do five more and again it's just a
shock the body and it's really cool
because then you feel like really really
strong because you just took off the
weights you're like oh shit okay I'm not
struggling as much you can go a little
bit longer as you can see here I am
wearing my barbell brigate sweater
loving that shit I love working on in
sweaters I don't know why I really don't
like sweating all over the place so I'd
like something to absorb my sweat so
moving on to exercise number two Here I
am performing a box squats this is one
of the very few times that I have ever
done box pots the very first time I did
it was just to get the technique down
but this time I know a little bit more
about squats so this is just to refine
the technique actually a lot of people
prefer box squats they say it's a little
bit safer but since I've been mainly
focusing on more explosive strength I
started doing more box squats and it's
kind of tricky because I always feel
like I'm gonna fall and I'm not gonna
make it so I'm a little bit to get you
when it comes to box squats damn look at
that vein I don't like it some people
think it's cool whatever it's pretty
weird but the benefits of doing box
squats is actually quite a few I'm like
I was saying earlier it enforces proper
technique it also helps developing got
hit power cuz you have to start from a
dead stop at the bottom position and
then like I said it develops strong
explosive
posterior chain while doing box box I
don't really focus too much on the
weight I just focus on just trying to
get the appropriate technique down for
several reasons one preventing any type
of injury to so that I can just make my
spot a little bit better because I
definitely want to increase the weight
that I can push so again I'm not
focusing on the weight that I am putting
up I'm seriously trying to focus on not
killing myself and to close off the
workout session I like to isolate the
hamstrings by doing hamstring curls I
will do about three sets of ten just to
close off my my leg exercises I don't
focus on using a lot of machines in most
of my workouts but once in a while it's
always good to isolate that muscle again
just to kind of shock it a little bit
this is me attempting to do my very
first set of PRS ever this is me
starting off with a basic squat as you
can see here I have 135 I was barely
learning how to perfect you know the
squat get get down low and into a deep
squat position as you can see here
