hey what up y'all so back in late
December this is me attempting to do my
very first set of PRS ever this is me
starting off with a basic squat as you
can see here I have 135 um I was barely
learning how to perfect you know the
squat get get down low and into a deep
squat position as you can see here
didn't do that great didn't know what
the hell is going on I thought you had
to do multiple ones but I was later told
you only do it once first attempt was
good to go so I will be moving forward
and adding a little bit more weight to
my squat here I have 145 I think this
was the first time ever tempted that
that amount of weight I could I can't do
it just because you're only rapping at
once so I was like fuck it let's try it
Bart can you please help me out said I
want to get stuck I'm so scared of
getting stuck and not being able to get
back up so here we go and fail yeah
completely embarrassed I feel like a
bitch at this point I was completely
owned by 145
I fucking hate defeat so like God try it
again
there you go you see Bart friggin
motivating me smack me in the back like
he's got a light ass hand and shit she
does it and frickin hurt me but it did
definitely motivate me a little bit stop
being a little bitch and just focus on
getting this weak-ass wait up uh-huh God
here we go second attempt I throw it
felt like it's even gonna do shit for me
I'm just weak at this point here we go
and sorry thank you come again next time
god I only laugh cuz I'm really
embarrassed guys seriously I fucking
hate it so much
okay so let's forward to a month after
I'm going to show you the same Spacek
squat done a month later again taking
PRS and obviously I was able to defeat
my own weight and now I'm starting with
155 let's see how I do here and pretty
good squat shit stuck fought it through
I will definitely count that one okay so
I was able to pull the 155 Here I am now
add a little bit more weight not too
much just four more pounds at 1:59
trying to get into the zone have the
belt around my waist I was feel so silly
because I'm not even pushing any weight
but whatever um and fuck it I'm just
like I gotta do it gotta fight it it's
only one time so many people are
watching
I'm literally screaming in my head this
is my favorite part as soon as I take
the weight off the rock here we go let's
see what happens
get zone but I could have gone a lot
deeper uh I fought it um I'm not even
gonna count that because like I said I
could go deeper alright moving on here
we go with the fucking crotch shot that
I didn't even realize I was recording
but whatever um I guess I counted the
previous squad and I added a little more
a little bit more weight and right here
you can see I am trying to put up 165
again trying to get into the zone pray
they don't fuck a brick by spy because
I've never done this much weight even
though it's little bitch wait I get it
I'm slowly trying to move up there again
the crotch shot that's fucking
disgusting but I know a bunch of your
purples we're fucking laughing but
whatever here we go get the zone squat
ah put it down lower look at that I
think I gave it a good fight but
unfortunately the fucking weight beat my
ass this time okay so we go back to
December and this is my very first P R
at bench and bench have happens to be
like the weakest for me anything upper
body for me and I think most females is
a fucking weakest we never focus on that
shit show Here I am trying to put up 85
like a frickin weak little girl oh my
God look at that forget it ah so
embarrassing I'm working on it
definitely working on it look at that
every time I smell it because I'm
embarrassed so we've all obviously seen
that I freaking suck at Ben
and so gonna attempt it one more time
just because I hate the feeling of
defeat and let's see this time man
forget about it okay you can never stop
trying all right now we fast forward
back to January this is my second set of
PRS I'm putting on the same weight again
which is 85 and like I said happens to
be the weakest part of my body and most
females so I'm gonna give it I guess I
want to see how much I gained from one
month to the next here we go and booyah
that's pretty cake not too bad not too
bad all right I guess I have a little
big head now and I feel like I can push
a little bit more weight and I'm like
boogie I could do the shit so this is me
trying to attempt 95 but we already know
what's gonna happen right no I mean we
don't know let's see and okay we all
knew what was gonna happen
fail okay so I overestimated my strength
so I just took a little bit of weight
off here is 89 pounds and my upper body
man I just need to work on it a lot more
so I'm gonna try to emphasize on that
because my legs and my back are pretty
decent so let's see how I do with 89
pounds and alrighty Thank You Casey for
that fail help but I'll get better I'll
get better trust me
alrighty let's continue the
month-to-month comparison back to
December now we are working on deadlift
this is the first time I have ever
pulled up 135 look at that posture was
pretty horrible hopefully I was able to
perfect it
in January okay I'm feeling a little bit
break this is me trying to put up 1:45
let's see how I do and what I look at my
knees buckle not too bad
I feel pretty accomplished kinda sorta
I'm weak
and lastly 155 with two I do
one more time one more time
alrighty moving on to the future this is
my January PR my second set of PR ever
and I am going to attempt 155 because
now I was able to dominate it I guess
since that month I have a pretty decent
back I don't know how my back is so
strong is this normal for everybody like
do most of you guys have a stronger back
then stronger upper body
I don't know so like I said 155 here we
go
piece of cake sounds good alright
getting in the zone trying to make sure
I have that music that's gonna pump me
up ah here we go I'm gonna try to put up
175 like I said I have a really strong
back I don't even know how the hell that
happened but 175 booyah my posture so
actually pretty damn good I ain't mad at
that here we go with 205 I was probably
staring at myself in the mirror for
about like a good five minutes before I
even got to this position but here we go
whatever I got to do to get in the zone
and to get it up does that bounce even
count I don't know got it up
thank you bar for the applause I don't
even know how this happened but here I
am attempting to 25 from January when I
couldn't even lift 155 look at that
225 not too bad not too bad last but not
least I'm like fuck it I'm gonna try it
one more time added 10 pounds Here I am
trying to attempt to 35 with this one I
was actually able to get it up no
problem but my grip gave out if you can
see on my red hand I gave up
you
