so if you follow us on Instagram and on
Twitter then you already know that we
are together and of course y'all we're
gonna ask us a bunch of questions but we
didn't want to leave y'all in the dark
so in this video I'm gonna be asking all
the questions that y'all posted on
Twitter and on Facebook but she's gonna
be the one that's gonna be answering
them but if you want to check out Bart's
answers go ahead
go to his channel and check all of those
answers out Vincent J for Less asks what
is it that finally made you to date so I
know Bart for a very long time before we
dated I knew him for about three years
and those entire three years I found him
ultimately annoying and really
disgusting he was like a little brother
that you just wanted to beat up all day
sure we're really I just I had no
attraction to me whatsoever um so so we
would all hang out in like a big group
of friends
and we would go snowboard and would go
watch movies we'd go be out we'd go to
each other's birthdays like it was you
know just a regular circle of friends
and I remember it was after Thanksgiving
we're already in December I think I had
like break up and I was really really
sad and I didn't want to hang out with
anybody and I remember um oh yeah it was
one thing TV when barb
and a bunch of my other friends they
would call me like hey don't spend
Thanksgiving alone you know come and
hang out with us
you know we'll get your mind off of this
breakup or whatever I guess I was
surprised and then I was like no I don't
want to see anybody leave me alone
and I remember Bart came over to my
house and I wasn't there but then my
friend I was living with roommates at
the time and never roommates were like
hey your friend Bart was here and you
know he wanted to you know take you out
that you're not all set at night and
stuff and I was like oh that's really
nice to him and I think that was a very
very very very very first moment I was
like wow I really don't hate for it that
much I was just going over strictly as
friends dog for real no I died I was
going I was coming with Mike well the
thing is I didn't even think anything
because I didn't even see you in that
light at Moneta I was just I just knew
that you in bad shape
yeah so I just thought wow he's really
nice like he's a really caring person I
had no intentions of ever dating here at
that moment um tells like wow that's
really nice of him okay so fast-forward
it's maybe a couple weeks later um I was
feeling better less depressed and um I
think Bart was coordinating this like
really big snowboarding trip with all
the homies all together and um and and
it ended up that it was going to be you
meet him and then one more friend show
up a real big trip well no you were
coordinated you were asking a bunch of
people is what I said but I guess after
you asked everyone I don't know for what
reasons they couldn't go but it just
ended up being us three Jesus
anyway so um he was like hey you know
what it's gonna be
this friend me and you and I was like
okay cool I've never really spent time
alone with Mart ever because we were
always just in front like with a bunch
of friends so I never really connected
with him on any sort of personal level
outside of like yeah like oh is that
food good would you think about that
movie all that's a new girl you're
dating whatever so it wasn't anything
really deep so everyone present meeting
at my place and he came over and like at
that time he was driving this truck and
had like really loud muffler so you can
always tell when he was near so I heard
it in and I peeked through the window
and I'm like oh he's that and I expected
for him to walk to the front door and
then come in but I just kept getting
ready until I heard my doorbell ring and
like I swear to you like 10 minutes
passed and I see this dude in his car
doing this right because I can't hear
anything that's going on what the hell
is dude frickin beard it ended up he was
like practicing like some singing
lessons or some
inside his car I was thinking vocal
lessons at the time and you have to like
see these exercises that I kind of like
what the hell this fool is bulky weird
so whatever that was just a little a
little tidbit I wanted to share with you
guys but um so what is that finally made
you whole day yeah I wanted to like
little bit up anyway so so um he finally
gets out of his car no no actually I
walked to his car and I'm like okay I
guess he's not coming in fucking through
to us so I go to his car Don like hey um
what time is Richard coming it's like oh
you know what six late like he's not
gonna make it anymore so in my head I
was like what the fuck I gotta kick it
with you for hours no maybe that's gonna
be because like I mentioned I have never
hung out with him sounds like bucket
okay I can't back out of it now like
he's already here I'm up I'm ready to go
whatever let's just fucking go so it was
just him and I'm we drive up to Big Bear
we're finally heading up toward the
mountain and while well we're we're
driving up I mean it would be awkward if
we weren't talking at all so this was
when we finally started like talking
about my talking about my relationship
that I was so sad about and um you know
we were really getting to know each
other a lot more not that any feelings
were happening I still didn't see him
and I like at all me knees okay good so
you know as as I was like getting to to
know who he was are you stretching mm oh
I see what you did that so as I was as I
was getting to know him as a person I
kept telling myself in my head like wow
you're such an amazing person why why
can't I find more people like you
not necessarily I want to find you and
be with you Bart
it was more like God if you exist
there's got to be other people like you
that exist - again I didn't think
anything of it so I think I think I even
told you I was crying - how so sad that
I spent like so many years with this
individual and like you know I felt so
disappointed in that relationship that
when I was hearing his responses and
Mike just disrespective on life and
family and friends and stuff I was like
but you know I'm like crying and stuff
like what you know it's like people out
like you exist like God why can't I find
those people there's only one of me girl
anyway so you know we finally um finally
head up toward the mountain we're
probably like a few minutes away and
what is it they stopped us right and
they're like hey you know what you guys
can't go you guys can't go because I
don't know something happened where they
had to block off the roads so we were
like stuck in his truck talking for
about like three hours and like it was
just like what's your favorite music
like tell me you know your childhood
memories like it was just full-on like
I'm an open book
get to know me and then Bart's an open
book it's no any type of thing and it
was really really nice because I hadn't
really connected with a person like that
for I don't think I ever really
connected with the person that quickly
ever my whole life so it was really neat
because it felt like I was finally
talking to my best friend from you know
another life or something so it's really
really cool
so that's no boarding trip came and went
and you know we were back back in our
home area I guess our like our home town
and and I remember I didn't want him to
go home
whatever not like that but I just had a
feeling like wow I still want to keep
connecting with him you know like he's
such a good friend and I still didn't I
still didn't think like I liked him
writing but I kept thinking about him
and I'm like God why can't I get this
guy out of my head like wow I kept
telling myself to like I was impaired to
not I kept saying wow he's such a nice
friend oh what a great friend my dumb
ass wouldn't like either I didn't want
to or I just was stupid and I didn't put
the two together like why I really like
him now but it was more like wow God
work he is a great guy that barb Wow he
is funny he is so nice Wow any girl that
gets things gonna be very lucky really
great guy Stephen is nothing for girls
I've never heard a girl if I could
squeeze her hitch okay anyway yeah so
then I think from that moment forward I
just kept thinking about him and how
great he was and then and then a second
snowboarding trip happened that he was
my hey we're all gonna go again and I'm
like because I was thinking about him so
much I'm like yeah yeah yeah I won't
hang out with him again yeah I'll go
I'll go
and the same thing happened no one
showed up it was just him and I but this
time it was a little bit different
because now I was like really giddy and
I cared about how I looked because I
kept telling like I kept like in my head
really yeah in my head cuz you don't
want you snowboard your face is pretty
frozen and your nose is really cold so
there's like snot that turning out of
your nose that like um you even realize
is there and before when he was a homie
I didn't give a fuck I was like whatever
like you're my brother like I'll do
whatever I don't care
I look like to you but this time I was
like really self-conscious I I wanted to
like be really cute and stuff and like
nothing I was flirting with you but I
don't know why I just wanted to impress
you I wanted you to like me and think I
was cool so I think during that snow
bunny trip with when I started seeing
the second time around after the second
snowboarding trip it was just like wow I
really can't stop thinking about it
so I would like we would text a lot back
before and during all this texting I was
like fuck it I'm gonna go out on a limb
here now just throw this text out there
you know I have like I'm not embarrassed
because it's texting he's not face to
face I think we can get away with it so
I wrote to him I sent him a text and it
said I don't know why but I can't stop
thinking about you and that TV was a
freaking crazy big deal I remember my
heart was racing I was in like I was at
work I remember exactly where I was what
I was wearing and then like when I after
I sent it my heart felt like he was
gonna jump out of my chest and then like
oh my god what is he gonna reply when is
he gonna reply and I swear every minute
that passed by I felt like an hour cuz I
felt like oh my god I think I scared him
away like what is he thinking that I
just ruined our friendship like Oh like
all these things are like racing through
my mind and then you know I hear that
little chime on my phone and immediately
I'm like oh god like what does he say
Eddie said yes I know exactly what you
mean and I swear to God I died that
moment I was like oh god this is so
awesome and then I think from there on I
was like man I really I really really
really really really like so yeah gonna
answered it Christian I guess so deandre
swaggy asks how was your first kiss
