deandre swaggy asks how was her first
kiss okay given the emotion that I had
for you and how much I already felt for
you so quickly
the first kiss was the best it was
really the best only because like I
finally felt like like it really felt
like I found a soulmate as stupid as
that sounds I've never been one to say
like oh I'm in love with this person and
glue a way to die and marry this person
cuz I never wanted to marry anybody but
after I met Bart I was like wow this is
what it feels like but it was like an
immediate connection so I just wanted to
really be like connected with him in
every aspect they know all you fucking
pervy Purple's are like shaking
sex like that's the most you have to be
connected but no it was really innocent
was really sweet so when we first like
kiss man is is it was um it was really
good it wasn't even about like the
technique or the way we kissed it could
have just been like two pecks and then
that's it first foot second but just
like that connection to that moment was
like perfect because of how I felt for
him a a mere F what was Joe's reaction
okay so Joe knows both of us and he
knows both of our background he never
was very very well oh um I think he was
just in shock I think just like what the
fuck just because everyone knows that
like we were homies like even we
couldn't believe that we were having
feelings for each other like I would sit
down and I was like what's this book I
like 4:01 side of you was just like so
repulsed but then the other side her
piece the other side of me was just
really happy that like I found you so
yeah when Joe found out he was like
laughing like Joe thought it was like
the funniest craziest thing
ever yeah he didn't really give a fly I
mean he's really he's really care like
whatever like this is this is fucking
crazy but whatever you get hungry Nathan
John Cruz asked how are the dog
panelists
haha um when I first met Barths I had my
dog catches mice spotted Dalmatian that
passed away last year um and when they
first met it it was pretty bad
just cuz his dog wasn't socialized and
then my dog wasn't socialized so so that
meant when they got together they just
wanted to rip each other's head off and
he has a German Shepherd license that's
like 100 pounds beastly ass dude and
then my dog was probably like 45 pounds
or something really tiny so she was like
trying to like puff out her chest like
she was gonna do some shit to him I was
like oh no it was like he's not gonna
happen
yo he will show you um so in the
beginning they needed each other kind of
like us I don't know if you hated me but
I mean I didn't hate you but I didn't
like they kind of like us too in the
beginning practice hesitation but then
after a while she would start back in
around stupid but next question Jessie
asks nicknames for each other
it started off very very regular so I
went to it started to it started at babe
and then it moves the baby and then it
moved to what's your move
yeah maybe studmuffin and then he came
up with a very cute one which was bear
and then it changed from bear from bears
to mama bear and then Papa Bear and then
the are was removed ha ha and then it
became a w-would it became mama bail and
then Papa Bear
so that's what we call each other now
like it's Tyson spawn my new dog that is
adopted me and him like Mama and Papa
and we're all the biz sometimes it's
even Tyson bear and what yeah the dogs
become business - yeah judge all you
want okay I think it's cute as hell
getting cute at the same time
motherfuckers Jamal Chima asks what do
you find the best aspect / feature about
each other okay
the best aspect about debord is that
he's a very straightforward honest
kind-hearted
individual and
what I mean is that he's very fair he's
very upfront what you see is what you
get and he's just all about the people
he loves um god I'm making you sound
like a fake person but that's how you
yeah you're really sweet the way you
treat your mom the way you treat you can
look like you put everyone's needs
before yours and which is really crazy
but I treated that fish like shit he's
kidding with crazy I mean it blows my
mind cuz when you know when because he's
an only child so I thought he was gonna
be spoiled and like this little bitch
but no he's actually like a gentleman
and like yeah he always like bends over
backwards for me and like his family and
stuff initially when we first got
together this is like immaturity on my
part but he would always like put his
mom like in front of everything else
like hey let's hang out with my mom that
you know my mom's coming over for lunch
that you know my mom's is my mom's at
that first was like oh that's cool he
loved his mom but then after a while I
was like whoa what the hell this is
probably weird
what about spending quality time
together but then you know um so
somewhat like that only lasted like
maybe a couple months and I'm like whoa
but this is really cool like he really
wants to make his family like really
close and really tight you know because
sees a future in us so that that's when
it really opened up my eyes to how
kind-hearted this this piece right here
is fake Victor Kim asks so when are you
two gonna tie the knot and rent a room
so big mister
we've been dating for four years now our
anniversary is on Christmas Day and the
crazy thing about that is that the first
day that we got together was also the
first thing that we said we've loved
each other which was also the first day
that we decided to start living together
so since that day that we got together
we've never really been apart like
you've been living together since then
so um that means you know we have all
our accounts together we have you know
JK films together we have our dogs
together we have everything that you can
think of we have shared um so I don't
know under what glasses together no
never that's disgusting
um so I guess I say that to say that um
we're pretty much already married
so for what's my ring yeah so tying the
knot right now is not one of our
priorities at least it's not mine um so
for now I just kind of want to take it
easy
just get my life together get my get my
finances together get all my goals and
complete those travel do just everything
I want to do before kinda not only
because after I tie the knot I would
like to start family and just get a
little bit more grown-up about things
whatever that means so I don't know I
mean it's gonna happen right I'm just
kidding
no I mean it'll when it happens it
happens I'm not one of those drones that
is all like what are you made listen
and then her net explodes
so yeah we've been living together since
the very beginning and I don't really
care about marriage liver brains asks if
you were in a car chase who would be the
better getaway driver whoo that is a
great question that is a really good
question only because um Bart and I both
enjoy speed we both enjoy like whipping
the car around as much as possible but I
think Bart has a little bit more
experience in that department but I'm
not afraid to do crazy shit either so I
guess in a getaway
Bart's a lot smarter than me so I think
he would they would be better at it I
Drive better but I think because he's
smarter he he wouldn't be better
whatever his head's getting so big right
now I could barely fit in the spring
hi next question I'm never this nice to
him either she's always a bitch to me
Philip when asked what was your first
impression of park line
I thought he was disgusting I thought he
was annoying I thought he was disgusting
he was always that guy that was like
well you know in my opinion I'm gonna be
like blood and to give you my two cents
what does that mean that you were just
like this goody two-shoes know-it-all
and angry yeah like you came off that
way and I was like oh look at this guy
sorry maybe I secretly love you better
but he was like that and then he was
like he's kind of like a dude's dude and
like that means that you would like fart
out loud like in public he didn't care
where he was he just fart burps he would
like be picking his nose exist forever
like me you can be having a conversation
and literally two of his fingers in his
nose I was like what the fuck were you
raised by wolves and what's wrong with
you
wolves do not pick their nose they use
their paws it's Puryear oh whatever
and then like you would eat and do you
know how some people can eat and they
sell that food because if they just make
it look so appetizing and delicious he's
the complete opposite whenever he eats
something it could be my favorite food
but as soon as he's chewing it I want a
fucking vomit oh yeah that was my tit
wow that was fashion yeah that was like
wrist oppression of him I thought he was
just super annoying and I wanted to be
on the opposite side of whoever he was
like far away okay thank you love you
love it you have on Lee sauce asks what
is it about bar corn that sent him apart
from the other guys so ironically enough
all those things that were so annoying
about him actually made me very
interested in there why is it takes a
very confident person to not give a fuck
about what their appearance is in
society rich is buddy right it takes
someone that's ultimately confident with
themselves to just be themselves and
that's bottom line the thing that
attracted me to him the most um he would
just be in sweats basketball shorts hair
all fucked up probably I boogers in his
eyes he didn't care because he was like
going to school like he had like his
priority list was was was pretty on
point like he cared about the right
things
he cared about at the time with school
his life his family his friends and then
everything else was just insignificant
it didn't matter so when I really looked
at that that's what we whatever
harvelle harris asks did you ever have
an issue with his height in the
beginning um
no never I never had honestly I cared
more about how you felt about my height
but because I knew him prior to us
getting together because he was my
friend
I saw the types of girls that he dated
and someone right before me it was
actually six wasn't she oh the one from
another country yeah she was a lot
taller than him so um yeah so knowing
that like usually I'm self-conscious
when I know that they're not used to the
height difference because I could give a
rat's ass like if I like you I like it
so I was cool with the height but I was
just always trying to make sure he was
okay with it and again he's really
confident even fuck so yeah we're good
to go I think yeah I don't ever even
really think about it now unless I'm
trying to be a jerk and
like what's up shot but we don't so guys
I hope you guys liked that video finally
it feels so good opening up and sharing
these very intimate things with you guys
and sincerely I just want to apologize
for never really putting it out there
before this whole like YouTube world to
me and just how people want to get to
know more of me something that's so new
that I thought it was something that
wasn't necessarily it's significant but
I just felt that it wasn't really
important that I just share with you
guys but you know with seeing these
responses and how everyone is just
congratulating us and it's just very
happy to like know this aspect of our
lives
it really is heartwarming and it makes
me love you guys that much more that
much more and it kind of makes me regret
not saying these things with you guys
even more so knowing that now it's like
I'm going to become an ultimate open
book and just share everything I
possibly can with you guys so I hope you
guys enjoyed this video and don't forget
to check out all of Bart's responses
where I will be as you can be exact the
same question better be pretty nice just
kidding
I am from Bart and myself thank you
hey what's up beautiful what you want
when it here and I cut my hair see
