good morning guys just another regular
day day off and the Bell family cave and
since my bear is breastfeeding over
there in the background I'm gonna try to
take this time to organize as many boxes
as possible because we keep getting
these packages in and we haven't had a
time to sort it out so we have like
packages or things of water and this
front area is getting cluttered as you
can see I started opening that package
and then I had to open this to restock
all the wet wipes that go in there I
know this is organizing and stuff Wow
daredevil playing in the background even
I completely forgot that Ben Affleck was
daredevil so the first thing I'm opening
is this guy which is a wipe heater
because this got broke somehow well
actually I'm not surprised as this one
was made in China I saw it on Amazon and
it was really cheap compared to the
other ones and it also had a bottle
heater so it's two on one size imma get
it and then it turned out to be way
hotter than some of the name-brand ones
house it all course is awesome but I
think what the promise is since it is
hotter this guy ends up burning itself
out so I'm gonna set this guy up here
set this guy up Oh see this is all you
can tell when things are made in China
and the plastic bag is like Hello
ghetto looking and it's I bet there's
hella grammatical mistakes on here let's
see let's see what it says safety first
to avoid danger of suffocation keep this
wrapper away from baby and children yes
see that
why is baby capitalized and children not
that's how you know things in China
always fuck up man look at this
Bella bad no little baby best care
always warm and always ready wipes and
bottle warmer warm healthy wipes and
bottle 24-hour constant comfortable
temperature and they always got to put
like a white baby because they know
people will buy more shit if there's
white people
they're made in China X 0 0 1 al ei 8
900 do your parents do that your parents
that are Chinese when they say letters
in the alphabet they have to like
Chinese it somehow so for example like
if I were to spill out home and care day
and night whites and bottle in English
even with the accent it should sound
like H ome and ciear the a Y n n IG HT
right that's how it should sound like
but what a Chinese parent reads it is H
ome and C AR da y and n IG HT that's
weird
some weird shit all right send this guy
up where's the adaptors instinct home
with adapter adapter or the D CK boys
inside looking Chinese package that
would be supply this Chinese packet ed
ha ha no fucking Chinese ass package
kept the book the power supply inside
all right set this up over here I got
this mosquito mosquito thing because um
because ma fare and Grandma bear always
trains in the garage at night and
they've been getting bit up by mosquitos
so I bought this mosquito thing so that
it could zap mosquitoes when they're out
here training and I think the only place
that is so that place looks kind of
clarify got got organized this stuff
it's probably over here I don't have an
outlet over here shout out the Gio's
brother who hooked up that outlet
probably set this up over here let's go
back
what other packages door guys yeah got
another package full of like formula
that I gotta put away in the pantry and
then Oh shoutouts to slingshot for
sending us more sneeze leaves little
whole team
package over there so pretty much my
goal is get all of these things bein
doubt and tend to like fifteen minutes
before our food gets here just order
breakfast and I think I can do that
breakfast came then tada
oh damn it smells good and you want to
see how much work I got done before the
breakfast came nothing
I literally plug this guy in and put
those wipes in and then the frickin
delivery lady came and I should probably
close this cuz the heaters now on which
means gonna be backward all these wet
wipes my brother is still breastfeeding
as your areolas out so when Martha is
busy and that guy isn't sleeping yep we
usually eat out here just so we could
keep track of them otherwise you get to
eat over here so I'm gonna set this up
Danis just smelled bomb this is pretty
dope Danny hooks it up with the
condiments so they give us a bunch of
syrup which is delicious butter which I
probably won't use maybe a little bit
the weekend and then Oh ash brown are
you gonna finish our hash browns no
gonna have like half of it damn the no
hands feeding yeah genius and he's
watching TV cutie boy I even put the
tissue there yeah so there's no drip off
yeah this cuny I'm gonna go ahead so
fucking cute cute eyes little chicken
burner
I got French cheesy always got to get
the French teasing we got egg whites to
be healthy and I think I got some
chicken sausage or some shit
Dean does not want to open yeah what
empty I thought I got chicken sausage
somewhere oh it's a bottle I mean a
thing within a thing ooh egg whites and
egg whites you know or a lot of anyways
I know this is two egg whites that's a
lot I thought this would be four okay
cool so I got this many of this mini
hooking it up hell yeah mmm sorry big
you can't have it I also made some
coffee on the other side of town see how
that's going oh it's coming in little by
little Oh should I didn't put this on
fuck oh shit you're just going straight
in there the Wonder wasn't going
probably fixed it Oh
hopefully my berry no everything is uh
supposed to be the way it was supposed
to be okay I fucked up that I forgot to
put that thing and that's the thing that
connects the top and it pushes it up to
let it know how much to flow in and it
was just kind of not going well but it's
gotta clean this up should be fine
making some coffee at home honestly I
feel like such a dad like all the things
I do now boxers and like making coffee
and such a fucking dad now like this
what baby fan or not it's pretty crazy I
don't know why that dad sounds like that
but I feel like that's dad knows how to
clean these babe do you think I got a
actually scrub or can I just rinse if I
need to clean some mugs for you do you
want a mug that's been cleaned and
scrubbed or just been rinsed so fancy
you're so fancy my bear
you don't care if I what if I just do a
little rinse rinse like that it's not
cleaning for you damn it all right well
I gotta clean it in two hot coffees
coming right up duh duh duh duh I hope I
don't spill a whole bottle spill thank
you look at our nice little breakfast
setup station we got coffee grapefruit
juice water ketchup all of us are eating
and you guys get to watch us they get
food to funny little laugher I know the
perfect thing that put on these egg
whites what what yup the sauce that my
bear Mamie
damn I love that I'd married a Mexican
because look how much fuckin sauces in
his motherfuckin
salsa motherfucker so some motherfuckin
salsa and fucking jalapenos Mexicans
love to have diarrhea Mexicans they love
salsa because they love diarrhea it's
like a ancient Aztec tradition to have a
runny stool and I also like what running
stool that's true
want some - you don't like salsa eggs
there's such a gringa
first of all the hallways finally
cleared and it feels so good now it's
nice okay there's still that at the
pearly but it's nice and open we're
gonna always forget how wide the hallway
is I don't know if this is just
coincidence but me and Tigers been able
to speak to each other watch check this
out
speed isn't that crazy like I say he
does not say much but these days I've
been able to say oh and you'll say Oh
back you want to talk to me you could be
cutie oh I know he's looking at the
camera now you see your reflection in
there who's that cute guy in the lads
yeah good boy good boy we doing down the
delays riding a bicycle you riding a
bicycle down there you big beauty
oh you're falling off they're falling
off like I screwed you up there you go
good boy feel more comfy that way huh
yeah you did
oh you're gonna fall off it's not
getting comfy yeah now I got more comfy
I'm at gun effects now no I'm not gonna
buy another gun already have too many
guns I like looking at them but I'm with
Tito which is Gio's brother he's my
brother-in-law
and I'm transferring over a gun to him
as I have a lot of gun that you guys
know but one of them it's pretty big
from my hand I don't shoot that much and
then Tito was a cynic in a handgun and
all I was enough iron once I'll just
give you one on one that I don't shoot
oh that's really cool and it's the one
that's used by the FBI it's the clock 35
and I'm just waiting right now but every
time I wait it's dangerous because I
started looking at guns and I'm like
well should I get like all of these guys
over here and all of those guys over
here hey looking at rounds Oh 32 well
gun does that comment on the cold
oh that's cool yeah oh yeah I should buy
a couple of them then especially if
they're hard to find
what the hell is that girl in a skeleton
office people do the craziest things
don't funny I'm not judging I do even
weirder shit I can't take your party
we're eating like toad dick and duck
ankle but that does a pretty crazy
though what in the world is going on
over there skeleton officiating
competition their guns pretty badass
awesome it'll hold it against you it
fits you like it
you always bring it out too good did you
get to see last time why did you like it
feels good huh I've got bigger hands oh
let's have a bigger hand is yeah I got
pussy ass hands see this this looked
kind of like too big for my hand this is
actually a pretty big gun cuz the little
extra-long a normal girl stop right here
but actually let's get in your hand they
put in your hand again yeah it looks
normal
nice last time when I came to do the
transfer paperwork I also have to myself
cuz I shot geo squawk 19 and I thought I
really liked it so 19 is a slightly
smaller gun the Navy SEALs just
converted to this these two have a sig
p226 which I also have and I just really
like this it's like a pretty cheap and
affordable gun that's pretty beat up all
you can do
throw it in dirt mud sand whatever it is
still fire so I've been a big fan of
Glock for a while no the only difference
is I'm gonna take this and then I'm
gonna get it customized I'm sending it
into this company called agency arms and
they pretty much do like extreme
customization I can't wait to see what
they do with it I picked all the
features if you've never seen an agency
you're like super suit that block in
person unless you're really excited see
how that comes out so today I'm just
signing papers looking at it and then
see you later mister
finalized the paperwork on all the guns
Tito picked up his gun I'm not beating
up mine
Alvin was a manager of the shops and I
send it out for me
and it took us a while even though it's
just very very simple done to them
because they have to obey the ten-day
rule in California to the T so because I
because I I filled out the gun pay for
10 days ago at 5:10 they can't release
the gun until 5:10 so it's cool right I
like it when they do obey the laws
because I just tells me the store is
that much more reputable and then it
gives don't order a good name because
these days are just so much bad blood
and bad publicity on guns and gun
ownership and it's usually coming from
people that aren't obeying the laws
people that are owned a bunch of like
automatic weapons and they're doing
crazy stuff and they're obtaining it
illegally and it sucks that people that
don't know too much about guns kind of
like bundle everyone up into one group
that Hill legal gun owners and illegal
gun owners they just go oh you guys are
done people but they're not because
legal gun people buy it from the store
fill out the paperwork transfer it
legally and
they're legal guys were buying a black
market and it's completely it's
completely different so I really like
following the law and having going to
stores at home a it through the tea to
the minute now we're getting to go home
and then have a nice barbecue which
look at that charcoal I just love
looking at fire there's just something
so primal about it look at the freaking
heat and the glowing redness and all the
ash all this smell just smells so good
oh yeah if you guys like grilling at
home and you guys are still doing it
with like either just lighter fluid or I
just putting paper towels and hoping
lights on fire I highly recommend
getting a chimney this thing's called
the chimney and it's only part of like
10 to 20 or 30 bucks and this thing
works awesome because you put all their
Kinley and tendrá at the bottom so
whether that be cotton or whatever you
like to use paper towels and you light
it and it's well vented so it goes up
the heat and the flames go up and it
heats all of the charcoal and it makes
it heat very very evenly and this whole
thing lights up in about five minutes
so now you get this delicious charcoal
without the lighter fluid flavor that
you can use now so now that everything
is pretty much like on high heat it's
time for me to dump it in here and then
I get to heat up the grill and clean the
grill a little bit so let me set this up
real quick yep
it even has it even has like this thing
that you could use I usually just take
this I'm not the safest of handler so
I'm putting it down here and I take the
grill this little hot embers
just slowly dump it there we go this
piping hot don't touch it even I like
having all the fire on one side like
that so that later I have a high heat
area I can use in a low heat so I could
just sear the meat and put it here just
keep it warm so that's how I like to
cook and once I put the charcoal in I
have a lot of gunk from before so I let
it cook out for just maybe like two or
three minutes and then I scrub it with
this little scrubber and scrub off all
the old stuff and the reason why you
don't want to clean or grill to the
point where it's just shiny and Families
again is because that's where a lot of
the flavor comes from so if you go to
some of your favorite barbecue or even
like taco spots where they do use
charcoal or even like Brazilian barbecue
for that matter the flavors in the grill
if you've ever tasted me on a brand new
it's not good especially if it's propane
so you want that flavor in the grill to
go back so even though this thing is
super old you know looks like crap and
people probably you need to get a brand
new grill well this grill has a ton of
flavor that a lot of my friends like ant
and even the Daniel I do it I cooked it
on my grill and it does not the same
well it's not the same taste or smoke
flavor and it's because this grill is I
think like five years old I've smoked so
many things in it so it just has so much
flavor in it that I don't really want to
change it I think it's been about a
couple minutes heating up that grill so
now I take this guy start scrubbing a
little bit and you
becomes a little bit shiny but the whole
point isn't to get every single staying
off is to just get the majority of it
and then I get like a little wet paper
towel and then clean it up and this also
gives me a chance to evaluate the flames
and you can see some of this flame
action here's a little bit too high so I
might just use some tongs and adjust it
a little bit but high heat is also good
because the higher the heat there's this
Cantonese thing called wall hey I
believe which is like wonky and higher
the flame the more flavor you're gonna
get out of your food which is why the
restaurant we would always taste so good
because things always cooked in high
heat just keep scrubbing now that I've
scrubbed the grill relatively clean like
you can see the actual metal it's not
all black I use this wet paper towel I
pretty much just throw it on here and I
used one of these tongs just to wipe it
real quick just to get one nice little
wipe action in there just so that I can
take off whatever rust charcoal burnt
residue from last time off see it is
kind of dirty so if you don't want this
in your food you didn't want to flavor
in your food but you don't want burnt
ash in your food ah so hot goddamn whoa
take this clean it up a little bit just
a little bit just enough to pass health
and safety inspection actually I don't
even know if this is my path past health
and safety inspections but this is where
the flavor comes from even with a taco
trucks do like you ever see taco trucks
their grills are pretty old and so all
the seasoning comes from and I recycle
this so now that I've used this guy and
it's all dirty and mushed up wow it's
hot I take this I put it in here and I
use it as the bottom of the kindling
from next time the next time I use that
dry paper towel to light the fire and I
recycle now it's time for the meat hey
it would already have out here and he's
got to open it cook the meat
put it on the flame and then after I'm
down it there put it in here and take it
inside to chop up mm-hmm I just threw
the meat on the grill well I didn't just
throw it but it's been on this as you
can see some of its cooking smells
really good
this one looks pretty much dense already
moved it over to kind of cool down a
little bit so it doesn't keep getting
cooked in about 30 seconds I move all of
these guys over and have a world-famous
chef here Leilani is gonna come and help
me can you give me some tips on cooking
what I didn't know you were French how
come you're not helping me all three of
you guys are wearing pink are you
wearing on purpose I just realized what
you guys are wearing pink on purpose oh
really oh cool no one gave me the memo
so I don't wear oh yeah I guess so my
Chinese are pink yeah let's show it to
you that costs money
I'm the dollar boy Oh should I gotta get
back to you're getting distracted things
are gonna burn so pretty much I have the
meat gun I also heat up a bunch of
tortillas just until it's like a
golden-brown nice and soft and I'm
finishing it off I still have some
charcoal left with some pineapples and I
lightly sprinkle some cinnamon Sam I
smell that bomb was good huh yeah and
then we have a world-famous chef her
name is Leilani she's from France I just
want to help me I don't know why because
she's well famous she doesn't have to
work anymore holiday Lani what kind of
tips do you recommend to grilling
pineapples on the grill what should he
do what should I do to make it taste
just you know like
keep it kiss it yep I'm not gonna burn
my lips no really yeah you show me how
it's done
I don't become with it I don't really do
right I'm a search on YouTube and why
John you - yeah look it up on YouTube
they're little now huh yeah you're gonna
add more on the other side
yep I know my mother loves everything
nice and even come on no that's not
gonna work
no let me grab it the fucking coin went
right into the piggy bank
mr. Scoones I know you did
a little bit Oh gross don't eat it
it's just a pineapple it's not just a
pineapple right French that it is
alright I gotta check the taike still
asleep
is he still asleep
that's Michael's little head he's still
sleeping he's doing a good job sleeping
baby
I have to admit that I'm pretty proud of
these pineapples cuz look at this neat
stack ma bear oh wow look at that
presentation smell it are you proud of
me look at that presentation yeah I
think it's beautiful
I think that it started with the cut
though yeah I kind of set the tone
that's true you know what I thought was
pretty funny when I was cooking outside
what when I was cooking outside I was
like I just realized that there's a
Chinese guy making Mexican food for
Mexicans
yeah you're a panda express the Chinese
well yeah exactly
so maybe just maybe that this is gonna
be the best Mexican food you've ever
tasted
because it's made by a Chinese guy and
the best Chinese whatever taste is made
by Mexican guy yep these are things
you're going to learn later on in life
but there's this there's techniques to
grow in and I suck and I still killed it
do you know how many dogs have to
practice on to get this right that's
horrible
that's why was zero that's why zero zero
dogs they're in my stomach I don't know
what these crazy guys are adults are
crazy you're gonna learn that later on
in life Lonnie's crazy she's all I
wanted you to kiss the pineapple on the
grill let's see a dance let's go three
two go five six seven eight
what is she then the ostrich no
entertainment huh honey I'm not here to
entertain you feel I've never seen
anyone cutlets are like that what
I'm not cutting with tongs I'm cutting
with a knife I know about using it
people use a hand like that yeah but
you're unsanitary and you're disgusting
I'm clean I'm trying not to contaminate
the meat you're beautiful hurry up I'm
hungry we get to ear that yummy salsa
this barbecue is complete with all kinds
of sides we got beans mmm I even see a
hint of jalapeno in there and then also
I think grandma made rice and I have a
little shadow oh look at that smile you
make me happy you know that all right go
away I like this rice
all right Oh a ways go away go away you
only have that bit old mount ago you're
almost done
let's have a bit a lot try a little
taste you want to try a little taste
this time so it's better missing little
apiece there's a gum mm-hmm oh yeah does
the French chef approve yes so we're
trying to put this guy to sleep cause he
was crying they're so funny because he's
so tired his eyelids wanna close but he
just refuses just just give in but he's
like I think my laughs are waking him up
doggy me just gonna there's so tired
why wait even fighting it for though I'm
gonna stop alright so I hope I don't
jinx it but Tycho was crying like crazy
we fed him we didn't know what I wanted
to do we thought he was tired shut up to
him asleep but he wasn't trying to sleep
and he just kept crying so we couldn't
figure anything out but we sat him down
so far and so far he's been loving
football look at him he's been sitting
here for like 20 minutes
not crying not sleeping I hold on jinkx
it and he's just watching this you just
watching football
loves it this is hilarious I'm this is
this is my view right now right here
yeah this is just a baby that just loves
watching football this is hilarious
