hey what's up beautiful people Joe
Antoinette here and today is a leg day
so here I am just warming up them legs
looking like shit ha ha yeah it's funny
whoops got a wedgie excuse me see
getting loose in my caboose I have no
idea what that face is about but yeah I
just want to make sure that my ass well
okay that my legs are warm just so they
don't fuck myself up oh well I'm trying
to move my heavy ass weight cuz you know
I moved that weight cuz I'm badass no
really I'm not badass you're gonna see
I'm fucking so weak see only 95 pounds
that's so weak this is actually one of
my favorite exercises only because I get
to pretend like I'm a freaking beast and
the reason why I feel like a beast is
because I could actually stack on a lot
of weight only because this is a top
half squat which means I don't have to
go all the way to the bottom to a full
squat position so yep that right there
that's as far that's as well as I go so
it's so it's just a matter of me just
lifting up the weight
boss
so here is the first time I ever touch
45 plates on a freaking squat rack and
seriously look at that I'm like looking
around like who the hell is watching me
because you don't see girls do this all
the time or maybe you do and I'm just so
fucking weak I'm just like really proud
of myself at this moment just cuz I'm
like holy shit I can't believe I could
lift this big-ass bar up now this one is
really blowing my mind just cuz I'm
freakin pushing fucking 185 now I just
have to make sure my ass is friggin
planted so that I don't fall backwards
and I don't frickin mess up my own back
so here I go back to the regular just
full squat um look at that bitch wait oh
my god I think I'm doing 95 pounds again
and I'm struggling so much look at that
oh god I'm so weak don't let shit that
God um
because I went so light in the beginning
because I wasn't doing full squats I can
actually thrown a little bit more weight
so here I'm actually pushing 115 and
yeah my legs are freakin taxed right now
they feel like jello I could like barely
catch my breath I'm like so out of shape
look at that face it looks like I'm
about to freakin take a dump in my
shorts sorry I mean girls don't take
dumps you know look at that oh my god I
swear I felt like my back was gonna
break I'm so weak look at that oh god oh
my god I almost didn't finish one more
got it do it look at that I'm smiling
cuz I'm happy I'm alive alright this is
uh front squats now this is when I get
super bitch weight because it's a lot
harder just cuz you have to stabilize
yourself in a whole different way um so
here I am doing fucking almost no weight
I shouldn't even mention the weight that
I'm doing it's probably like 20 pounds
now I'm just kidding
yeah it's friggin hard man
so I don't know when I'm at the gym and
I'm doing this one especially this one
fucking chokes me out I hate it look at
that because you have to hold it really
so it's like stabilized on your
shoulders but you have to make sure you
press it as far back as possible because
then you don't want to tip forward so
the only way I can stabilize myself from
falling on my fucking face is by staring
at the ceiling right there look at that
I wasn't lying I could only stare at the
ceiling so I don't fall it looks like
I'm about to cry what a little bitch oh
my god I'm so embarrassed I promise guys
next one I will push more weight and I
will have better definitions as to what
I'm doing because but I just this in a
bar because that fool is a fucking beast
but yeah I make the funniest faces yeah
I left and then this is the last thing
in my workout it's just not even or what
these are calls but yeah I'm just
jumping to work on my hops and seriously
that's me trying really hard I can't I
have like no hops at all whatsoever I
have height but I have no fucking hops
and I'm only like holding fucking what
15 pounds 10 pounds oh god how
embarrassed yeah just another angle
looking out like wobbly my legs I
couldn't even like hold myself up we had
to do four sets and then ten reps each
and I was I just wanted to die because
my legs just hated me they kept sticking
their middle finger at me because
they're like fuck you Geo
what the hell what else do you want for
me look at that I'm barely leaving the
floor I'm so sorry
I'm taxed I'm done the end all of you
guys like that video that was my very
first exercise video that I've ever done
ever my low lifes and I want to say a
special thanks to Bart Kwan who has been
training me he has to check out all his
videos here because he does a lot more
technical explanation and he just looks
a lot better and he's a freaking beast
so where have I been and why haven't I
been making videos I have been working
with disking films and if you guys don't
know who that is you guys can click it
for our main channel you guys can click
here for our news channel which is super
duper funny here you guys can click for
all our bloopers and behind the scenes
and here you guys can click on our
gaming channel which I want you guys to
go and visit the gaming channel
specifically because I made this video a
while back where I played slender and I
was seriously scared shitless I had to
literally quit during the middle of the
game um and I said I would never play
that game again and I'm not what I will
be doing I will be playing a bunch of
cuter happier funnier games to check
those out but what I have been recently
playing is this game by gree that's
called knights and Dragons and I want to
invite you guys to play it with me so I
will put all the information down below
and you guys can challenge me and try to
kill me haha
well actually you don't kill me you were
just trying to beat my score but same
thing you would kill me with my score so
let me guys bye
