hey that's not beautiful people I know I
have been m.i.a
for about a month now and if you can't
tell that my voice is a little bit
cheaper it's cuz I'm I'm actually
getting over
but I just had like a really dry itchy
throw and I just kept coughing and I had
like body aches but now I'm feeling
better not the only thing that is wrong
with me but I found like the man but
yeah I just want to reconnect you guys
and let you guys know that I'm still
alive just been just doing my thing with
JK and been working and trying to make
funny stuff for you guys I will be
showing you guys in a little bit the
updated status on our office so you can
check that out let me know what you guys
think it's pretty much done now I'll let
you know what pieces go needs to be
seated but yeah that was actually a lot
of fun because it's really cool to see
all your hard work and effort like you
know just go into this office and
and to see some tangible product of what
you've been investing your time blood
sweat and tears it's pretty cool to have
like a physical reminder of that and I
can't wait to share it with you guys
because
now I feel a little bit more legitimate
but yeah sorry to be driving I know
that's kind of annoying for some of you
guys but like I always say in every
single video that I do drive I wear
these glasses on purpose so that I could
I pretend like I'm talking to you guys
while I'm actually safely driving only
bad thing is that I'm holding on to the
walkie yeah that's pretty bad
but I hope you guys have been well I
interact with a lot of you guys on my
Twitter and on my facebook it's really
really cool that I get to think you guys
so if you haven't already done so just
make sure to my Twitter my facebook my
Instagram my tumblr and of course my
youtube because I'm always checking it
and I'm always reading your guys's
comments and if I don't reply right away
why I always make an effort to reply as
soon as possible so I really appreciate
all of you guys that you know see what's
up to me and give me all your love and
attention and it really makes me feel
special so thank you guys for that
my poor eating day so yeah let's check
it out okay so safely made it back
driving so thanks guys who worried about
me but I'm safe and sound but right now
I have Kevin helping me out in the
office in our little playroom we had to
move the couches but just because I want
to play the Star Wars game this one I
was telling you guys about for everyone
that saw it on my Facebook and you guys
are like oh you're cheating I'm not so
this is the way it works okay cuz I'm
not a cheater
still we work so we catch this game and
then you go to 7-eleven because that's
the only place I heard that you can get
this and you pick up this bottle but if
you pick up this bottle and you see this
like barcode looking thing it's called
they called it something here an end tag
is what it's called so you get this M
tag and then you walk it over to your
Xbox 360 right here and you know how
this thing is like a sensor and it's
like a camera and it can like sense
movement or whatever well it can
apparently scan stuff cuz what you do
you just walk it up and then you scan
this thing and then it starts unlocking
different levels for you so a big little
kid that I am I just got the Xbox not
too long ago and um I've been watching
all these commercials and a friend of
mine shipped me Bart and Joe and Casey
these games so now I want to be a big
little kitten plate so I'm gonna play it
now
being such a banker right now but y'all
I was really okay I'm gonna play it out
um yeah so yeah
yeah okay okay that was really hard I
had to go back to work I needed to
remove myself from that fun ass game but
god I kind of want to go back look Kevin
stop playing
when you can't see the TV he looks
pretty weird okay no I know I said I was
gonna show you guys the office so it's
just a really quick one
oh here's Devon hey guys this is like
our mini kitchen area
Devon you came with it my desk gold wall
booyah we have Tommy we have Julie
gracing us with her beauty and her
presence orange and an orange and then
this is so that began little Anne Bruce
that's just a random I don't know who
that is here are all our like props and
stuff yeah just really quick it's still
kind of messy we're still working on it
um fake grass brick wall and then we
have Casey doing his thing okay Barton
Joe's room they're not here I just
dropped them off this morning their own
in Boston that's ember lunch yeah pretty
much done I don't know what else would
go down in here but yeah I think we're
done Oh almost forgot over here we're
gonna have this on this walk of shame
Pepa Hall so here this wall here see
Kevin's in this room but this wall right
over here we're gonna have everyone's
like little kid pictures and like just
very embarrassing photos so that when
you first walk in you get to see this
softer side the human side of JK's so
yeah that's pretty much it I hope you
guys like that um a lot of hard work and
dedication went into it like I said it's
really cool to just have like a tangible
something of all your hard work
and stuff so let me be a living example
of you know if you if you strive and you
fight for what you love and for what you
want then you can make it happen so yeah
so yeah keep pursuing those passions til
next time
