this is the first time I've ever seen
this check this out okay look at our
hotel room it has a kitchen here we have
a living area here's bar and then what's
in here this is the first time I've ever
checked it out oh my god washer and
dryer watch your dryer and a sink Wow
and then here of course you have your
restroom to other like stitches so cool
yeah and then bedroom two separate beds
so cool closet space oh I am ironing
board drawers pillow and then outside
give your little patio section this is
really cool yay Michael Jackson two
different looks like it is that's the
pedestrian crossing sign Jesus looks so
funny we are about to grub breakfast
right now from Tom we're just walking
around tonight was having a great time
but apparently that things open on
Sunday to eat
breakfast yo this was completed the hell
up
wow it's more never victim sausages are
pleased okay tryna eat sugar
Oh check on the jellyfish I dare anyone
to jump in here right now jump in lady
hair on jellyfish I'm like totally happy
right now amazing the people in the
atmosphere is you're so I'm happy people
a different identity folder that you
look at human gps wow they have a good
YouTube do they have an accent
Australian accent hey just kidding jo
has to do i do 60 view in australia sure
60 be seasick steve you say 60 b day 60
vehicle
