hello beautiful people geo here today I
will be answering a question that you
guys asked me that I really really liked
because I don't really get to talk about
this stuff too much with you guys so I
will read what hydrolysed won and the
question is when was the last time you
achieved one of your wildest dreams what
was it how did you do it and how did you
feel so the wildest dreams that I have
achieved was actually moving out of my
home and living on my own and that is
super wild for me at least because I'm
the type of family that I grew up with
that is just unacceptable and that is
completely unheard of especially from a
female that hasn't been married or is on
the verge of getting married so that was
super extra crazy wild because I am the
middle child of poor I'm number three
and none of my other two siblings are my
older my older brother melody she said
they never did that you know they do did
the traditional way they found their
significant other you know they they my
family and their family they met you
know they they they bonded and whatnot
and um yeah he proposed or actually you
know my brother asked his fee on or his
future wife's family you know for her
hand in marriage and then my
brother-in-law asked my father for my
sister's hand in marriage and you know
they got married and then that's when
they moved out to their own home but for
me it was more of a I was more of a free
spirit I was more of a I guess a
rebellious person
um just cuz I'd really didn't understand
a lot of their teachings and I didn't
see how that applied to me you know it
those those that the way they were
teaching us growing up really did work
for my older brother and my older sister
but
didn't work for me so I felt that I
needed to break that whole traditional
barrier and show them that there's all
that there are alternatives to living
life and they don't have to go by this
set pattern and I think I've done pretty
well so how did I do it
I just saved up a bunch of my money and
you know I started looking for different
places I started you know looking for
places around where I worked so that
it's easier for me my head my plans a
through z already set to go and then I
pretty much pitched it to my parents and
I told them hey you know this is what
I'm gonna be doing this is why I want to
move out this is where I'm living this
is what I'm gonna be doing when I when I
move out and you know of course they
were just in the beginning they were
kind of upset and they were like you
know why are you doing this what a waste
of money
like no respectable young lady does this
type of thing and it was totally scary
just because you know I thought oh my
god if I move out then I could never get
you know come back home and live with my
parents you know what if I become
homeless and I'm just being stupid I'm
just thinking all these ridiculous
thinking up all these ridiculous
scenarios that are probably never gonna
happen but yeah that was one of the
wildest things that I have achieved
because no one else in my family ever
did it so I was like I guess a pioneer
from my family and I just went with it
and I'm happy I did because you know
everyone's happy my bond you know the
bond with my parents just got stronger
they understand that I'm a different
person they understand that I'm an
individual and then I'm an adult so they
show me a lot more respect I show them a
lot more respect and yeah it worked out
for the better it was a lot more
harmonious but on a smaller scale I
guess there are a lot of things that I
dream about that I want to achieve one
of the larger thing of one of the start
one of the smallest things I wanted to
achieve that I always dreamed of the
and and and I felt was really impossible
was just traveling um I didn't get to
get I didn't get to do a lot of
traveling growing up just cuz my parents
were always working and you know I was
just too focused on school and since
I've graduated and since I've moved out
I have a lot more time and a lot more
money so every year and make it a point
to travel to all these you know a
different country that I've never been
to so since the time that I have moved
out and that's been about almost going
on four years now that I'd be living on
my own I have traveled to France Taiwan
and I'm on my way to Australia and I've
been to like a lot of different US
states that I've never been to before
one of my favorites so far has been
Boston in Texas I've been out there yeah
and I'm just gonna keep traveling and
keep doing that because that's all like
my ultimate dream is just to travel the
world and see every single part of this
world that there is to see so I'm
working on that one I'm working on that
dream but it's slowly it's still these
slowly coming to life for all of you
guys out there definitely my my piece of
advice for you guys is dream big do your
research and just make it happen if it's
don't let anything get in your way don't
let people get in your way don't let
money get in your way don't let any of
these things get in your way there is
always a way to make your dreams come
true um they're never easy it's never
gonna be easy but once you work hard at
it and it happens and it comes to life
then you're gonna be so fulfilled and
you're gonna be so happy so please don't
give up on anything that you want to
dream about that you want to make
reality just fight for it I know this
sounds really cheesy and really cliche
right now but I've seen it first time
you know if you dream it dream big go
big or go home like that San Jose you
know go big or go home so yeah keep
fighting for what you love keep doing
what you love and you're really gonna be
happy so thank you for the question
again
dream big everyone peace
