hmm yeah he does he likes me on camera
boy the entire time today I have to keep
moving that's how you put him asleep
yeah thanks to look at the jellybeans
Isaac bug that caused them
you look exciting everything with it's
like you learned in learning so much
about the world that's so crazy you know
like the more you move the more he takes
in the more he takes in the sleeper he
gets which you kind of counter intuitive
you would think that the more boring it
is the easier it is the possible gets so
tired cause it only takes so much and we
just wanna die but when we're having fun
that's a different story
I think right now he's just learning
when I see what I have no but honestly
brick is judging you why are you judging
out of the corner of the room is big
cutie
Oh taking care yeah fine doesn't so much
yeah me you know dogs life is actually
very clean no it's like it's like
rubbing alcohol clean it's uh I don't
know what that word is again I haven't
been in bio in a long time like an
analgesic or whatever but it's like it
could pretty much kill shit I kill
bacteria that talk mean it's like taking
rubbing alcohol so if you have a wound
and the dog licks you it's actually like
cleaning it look at disinfectant that's
the Browse a little pause okay go back
to freaking chewing on Nana Wiener
sleepy with that toy meatloaf or good
boy his eyes are getting heavier um and
as I'm walking around the house I see
this picture that Ana and Christina got
us and Ed took the picture Christina
framed it so thank you for that looking
at it oh my god my boy has changed so
much so right now he's six weeks old and
in that photo he's probably like two or
three days old but look at this
significant change I don't know if you
can get in there you couldn't
side-by-side I can't this guy okay let's
let him stay right there yeah okay
that's tiger right now yeah with the
CUNY deli be nice and then take over for
what the chinky jelly bean is yeah he
was so swollen in his head was pointy
that's so cute yeah he looks like you
just came out it's crazy how they
changed so much
yeah wow that's amazing
you like sandwich between pillows
meanwhile which is perfect timing
we just bought lunch came in and my bear
went ham that much anymore there's my
pregnant so I don't know how is it you
know yeah and the funny thing is I also
got a 3d platter - really excited then
the ramps and pulled-pork see what that
looks like sign I don't know what sign
that is mine I've got two cups of ice
ready for drinks
coleslaw greens to lunch and this isn't
me the first time longer it gets to eat
in peace
s usually she has to leave with the baby
rabbits and seeds out she gets half of
all parents which I'm sure she's just
making sure that he's completely out
the little gremlin is awake
oh no look at that face oh no I mean
hungry all right that means that he has
to hurry up and make a formula all of
the bottles of stored right here on this
little grass thing and usually it's a
race it's a race between how fast I can
get it made before his cries what just
starts off at oh yeah well I could
adjust her weight to I could give all
over here so we usually start off with
is four ounces of water and we've been
using bottled water just to keep it nice
and clean and pure because he is a
brand-new baby with no shots so we don't
want to use tap water or even their
water from the fridge and then we use
this guy and we put this is pretty cool
I wish I actually wish protein powder
came like this when I left the scooper
on the lid it's so smart cuz usually
you're digging through at the bottom but
oh this one yeah I know but since its
pre measured I want to leave it for when
we really need it I get to the register
Marissa right now it's just two scoops
and that produces four got a rock star
over there
let's close this like this and then
shake it all you're breastfeeding so
your nipples are all out okay so we
can't show that yeah okay so this is the
first time we're showing you breast
video on camera
that's all so you have no shame now do
you just kidding oh you can add this and
your dad so usually what we do is that
we have my bear breastfeed and then
whatever attacker can suck out of those
nipples like drain the drain those
fucking nipples and areolas and breasts
and tits whatever he could drain out of
that then we supplement the rest with
that bottle but usually he drains both
titties and the whole bottle all right
so we've been indoors all day so we're
gonna go out for a little neighborhood
walk and the cutest thing is happening
because this the first time take a
where's a little hoodie huh let's go
outside
Tigers winning his first hoodie ever
yeah buddy it says cool dude on it yeah
look says CUNY wasn't neon yellow I
don't know that's just the color it came
in cuz a little bit chilly out here huh
my boy yeah all right they're gonna walk
the pups and it's a little bit windy so
it's perfect that he wears his hoodie
today oh my good boy guys it's such a
beautiful night the Sun hasn't fully set
so it's like this really pretty like
Purple's I think I see it oh yeah kind
of
and there's poeple walking into fur
babies hey mama I'm walking the her baby
because this kid is so pretty damn furry
huh we have four fur babies papa
this guy's fur is heck
this one has a stinky head and a stinky
neck I think every time he eats it's
like it goes in the crevice like it
cools it goes in the creases of his neck
and then the other day I thought he had
Linton so I picked it actually yesterday
I picked it Mike what is this and I
smelled it Oh Bart says it smells like
dick cheese so we say TECA has dick
cheese neck tiger if you're older and
you understand what we're saying
you had the stinkiest neck ever dude so
you better be happy that your parents
washed your dick chase your dick cheese
neck yeah take a dick cheese neck I
personally don't know what dick cheese
smells like Papa might because he's a
little what you know
yeah meatloaf take it take it away take
it away take it away now what's really
cool is that nothing really happened
today and the reason why that's cool
is because when nothing happens
Jeanne Marvin tanka and we get to just
hang out and watch TV and bond as a
family without too many interruptions so
now it's about 9:30 and mama bear went
upstairs to type of the bed and because
I've been training really hard this week
I have to use the hot tub which is
awesome it's relaxing and it helps with
recovery with heavy lifting and I get to
show you guys this cuz I don't really
get to use it that much but let's see
can even see it at night okay it's not
too bad there's a light in here too I
use this and then usually I'll open it
halfway I don't even use it all I don't
even hold it all the way over there
it changes the colors so since I'm the
only one at home I have a towel on and I
put him we'll just go skinny-dipping and
I only put in enough chlorine for me and
mobber
kind of sucks that Maura can join me yet
because she hasn't gotten cleared like
she still got stitches in her vagina and
all that stuff so it's still gonna be a
while but she is gonna see her OB on
Monday so if she's clear that she could
start getting in the hot tub with me and
relaxing because it's relaxing for her
but for me I'm doing it more for a
sports thing that I've been doing it
twice a weekend it's been hell for now
so huh I'm gonna get in the hot tub now
and because I'm gonna be but maybe it
had to turn the camera off just finished
felt really good um I felt like I
could've been in there for longer but
are you doing up the supports reasons
you actually don't want to be in the hot
tub for more than 10 minutes does any
start getting too loose and starting to
be hydrated as I think
we ten minutes you lose about a pound of
water so there's some science behind
that let's see what miles bear is doing
is he sleeping
Bonnie's always checking up on him good
girl
I smell funny like Corinne I do huh
good girl like it wasn't Bernard
Bibi has to come up one more time to pee
or now I'm in enough to be able to feed
or more time yeah oh yeah because it's
only ten standing usually usually
