yo whats up beautiful people kill here
and guess what I came equipped with
today give up comments box 5 I know a
lot of you guys have been asking for
this and I have haven't really put two
mini out after Four obviously but here I
am finally back I'm ready to do this and
this time it's going to be a lot of fun
I actually really enjoy doing these for
you guys and unfortunately I haven't had
enough time to get these done for you
but the time has finally come so for all
of you guys who left me a comment in my
channel comments section um I will be
discussing what you said to me and I
won't skip any of them I'm not gonna try
to censor anything I'm just gonna be
honest and read every single comment
that was placed on there bye you guys so
let's do to do first comment comes from
Lucy ep 1 and they say hello smiley face
how's it going in great videos what's up
Lucy thank you so much for asking how
I'm doing everything's going great a
little bit on the busy side but that's
always a great thing I'm so happy to
hear from you um and thank you so much
for the compliment Kenneth comedy says
Gio what race are you well Kenneth
comedy I'm actually part of the human
race assam tremendous you wanted to know
my ethnic makeup um but for all of you
my fans that are you know what I'm gonna
say you can I shall say
I am a little bit of everything thank
you for asking pillager 2099 says wow I
straight look at this girl I know named
Kennedy it's almost an uncanny
resemblance well I like your videos and
don't quit by the way you wouldn't have
to know if Joe and part are working on
hop higher music video hi I'm Kennedy I
just use Giovanna on it just cause it
sounds cool what's up man long time I'm
not Kennedy but um I hope it's a female
thank you for the kind words and of
course I know Bart and Joe are working
on the hop private video I'm not sure if
you know this but we have already
released our TV with all the original
music that we have used over the time
since the beginning of just make them so
you guys haven't done so please go ahead
and go pick that out because I know I've
been bumping into my car and it's like
the holy shit ever um and I feel like
I'm just like
someone else is playing music you like
only the selected elite access it so
everyone is bumping like the the same
like house transcending like whenever
the hell they're playing on the radio
these days and hubby I'm pump it adds
dead at scoop do you know what do we go
around town to get some good pick that
up but yes of course we will definitely
be I'm putting on a hot pie recipe for
you guys and 100b anytime soon but just
keep checking back because um yeah we
are definitely working on it as we speak
so stay tuned yummies for dummies says
do you have great skin and I love how
you always keep it real keep doing what
you're doing thank you so much yummies
for dummies um it's probably make up or
just good lighting because my skin is
actually not the greatest um but thank
you i will definitely take a compliment
um and i love the fact that you know
that I'm keeping it real because I hate
when people lie and I hate funk fakers
um and I think that they're really
really lame so I come at you as well as
I possibly know how to come at you real
I'm and I'm so happy that you are able
to see that appreciate that and I
appreciate you even more or just wasting
your time and watching to be real Kevin
G Avery says Gio I have a question
that's been in my head for a long time
since you are a woman I would like to
know why some girls like guys who are
assholes jerks douches etc please answer
my question because this one has been on
my mind thanks your friend
thank you so much heavy for the great
question um why do these girls like
ashes scumbags losers um a lot of these
girls tend to be more on the insecure
side so um they might have some like
bigger issues with their own family that
um that maybe they seek out some sort of
no it's not really an easy answer to
give you just because there's it's like
situation I really just depends on the
type of environment something I'll grow
up in if you kept on the carpet dynamics
that she has with her family members so
this one's going to be a case-by-case
but from my experience I've noticed that
a lot of these girls that do go out with
these when you were party bags are
assholes tends to be because they just
don't have self-confidence on they lack
that confidence and
and yeah it's really sad because um
these guys to you know these guys are
you call a solution you're actually
coming from the same boat there they
lack the self confidence to so you know
you have these two people that you know
like the confidence that just kind of
connect and and it makes this really
horrible turbulent relationship and if
you or a friend of yours isn't as a
relationship you really do need to like
set them you know sit them down and just
talk to them and see where they're
coming from see how they you know how
they feel about the relationship and
where they see the relationship going um
also I mean you might just be wrong and
you really don't know what the dynamics
of the relationship actually is because
unless you're in in their shoes 24-7 you
really don't know who the actual
douchebag is you know the girl might put
up a good front in front of her friends
and in public where she makes herself
look really will be perfect but you know
behind the scenes she might be like
tearing him down and talking matt
crafton um and he's just probably a
really real
like hey I'm not going to take your shit
but i mean like i said i really i really
don't know but based off my experience
like that self-confidence and the only
way to get them out of that is just you
know you just kind of talk to them but
you don't really tell them too much just
because you might get the short end of
the stick and they might just be like
what the hell you're not even my friend
want you backing me up type of thing so
it's really like those double-edged
swords have a situation where if you do
something on my backfire in your face
but if you don't do something in my
backfire in your face so Justin you
really just just make sure that you work
at all the different angles and you
stress all possibilities out and and and
see if you can if it's your friend or
pick you as a friend or as the person is
in a relationship that can make things
better but outside of that I really
don't know what else to say um but again
I will reiterate it based off my
experience and she's people that my
confidence I'm in themselves that to put
their self-image type of
terrible situation so hope that helps
how Bobby start delight says i less than
three Vanessa I have no idea what that
means just kidding i know it means i
love vanessa i personally don't love
vanessa i have no idea who vanessa is
but you know baba beasts are divine I'm
so happy that you're in love and then
you're in love with Vanessa and if
vanessa is watching this right now
Vanessa you're so lucky somebody loves
you out there I mean it's not me but you
know we love you up there so rang syd
2008 says damn you're so pretty all caps
um thank you rang syd 2008 I am gonna
take that compliment thank you so much I
don't know what else to say
makeup I will
Tejano com says i love you LOL i'm so
creepy oh my god i feel the same way
about you let's be Crick's together i
love you you're definitely not creepy i
appreciate the kind words definitely and
I appreciate that you're being real with
me an affront on that to the world needs
if you feel something say it cam so
especially if you're going to tell
someone something positive definitely
always say don't hold back people really
appreciate it when you're sweet so it
forwards rid the love tell everyone that
you love them make their day make their
day it made my day thank you you made my
day dude it made my dick tracy's 1000
asks Jill quit nationality are you um
choices 1000 I am actually born in
raised american um I'm not sure if
that's what you really wanted to know I
believe that you wanted to know what my
ethnic makeup once
and I will repeat this once again and I
will say that I'm a little bit of
everything so um yeah I'm a little bit
of being a little bit of them
I'm just mixed with the whole bunch of
stuff so I am the world yeah I don't
know what this weird thing with my I'm
is going on here but I need to stop that
shit stiff faces asks would you like to
like my muster oh god cuz if you see
what their default picture is oh god
it's like right here thank you for the
invite but I'm washing my hair that day
so with that awkward question that wraps
up comments box email five so i was up
going to be doing more of these things I
just love interacting with you guys I
love all your comments I love all your
feedback and all your questions so keep
them coming make sure that you leave all
your comments or questions on the
channel comment section on the front
page of my youtube and until next time I
love you guys you guys are the best and
yes
