hi whats up beautiful people geo here um
I don't know if you guys remember me but
I used to make vlogs so I am back today
more of an update and just to let you
guys know what I've been up to and why I
have been lagging on putting these walks
together and I'm sure sure and I've been
doing that I've actually been very very
busy doing a lot of different things JK
so I want to just to catch you guys up
and let you guys know what I'm up to and
that I haven't forgot about you guys and
that i love you guys so much and i'm
just here for you guys what I haven't up
to is a cool things actually um I will
be coming up I will be coming out in a
few JK skits um so look out for those um
I believe in a couple I think in like
maybe two weekends from now you'll be
like two weeks I will be coming out and
one of their skits um I don't normally
come out in their skits just because I
am usually the person producing them and
what that means is i am the one bringing
all the elements together and making it
come to life so barn and Joe write the
stories hand me the script I look at the
cast the crew I look at the locations i
look at all the props all the costumes
you know the art design the way this is
going to look I put all that together so
because of that I am it's pretty rare
for me to actually be in these skits but
this time it was a little bit different
and um yeah i'll be in this kit so i
will i will definitely give you guys a
heads up once it is out so go ahead and
check that out check out my horrible
acting dude I'm not kidding I totally
suck at acting but hey why not try right
also we are going to be touring
australia in September so starting
September 25th till October fourth i
believe so it will be Bart Joe me and
Casey and us for we will be there so
Australia we're coming to say what's up
to you so definitely show us your love
give us all your support um let us know
how you guys feel about us if you hate
us if you love is let us know um but we
will be out there and of course i will
be blogging for you guys because it's my
very first time out there and a lot of
people honey you have to try kangaroo me
you have to eat you know koala bears you
have to try all this crazy stuff so I'm
usually not a very daring person to like
eat all these crazy things but I will
definitely try cuz you only live once so
I don't want to be a big ass pansy and I
will definitely do it for you guys
because I have to show you guys what
it's all about you know so I would be
doing that um I have also been very busy
with just everything JK as you guys know
um we do a lot of touring events out of
different colleges so the guys have a
musical set that they have together but
they have put together up their original
music um so they play that live so I'm
the one you be plugging them into all
these different events in all these
different schools so any schools or any
colleges or any kids that are out there
on that are in college or high school
even time if you guys want to see JK
live contact me and we'll make something
happen so they can come to your school
so that pretty much takes up most of my
time and it keeps me away from really
pretty much just being out amongst
social people which is because it takes
up so much of my time and that is the
reason why I have been unable to vlog
for you guys but I'm definitely going to
put more effort into it and I'm gonna
I'm gonna do some awesome stuff for you
guys especially come time for um for
Australia it's gonna be a lot of fun but
I miss you guys and I love our
interactions I'm always on my facebook
I'm always on my Twitter and I'm always
on my tumblr so please interact with me
let me know what you think about me let
me know what you want to know let me
just just talk to me I'm the one I know
some other people have like you know
people that they hire that answer their
stuff and whatnot um but all of us here
at JK we do our own answering and we
really do look at all of your comments
and questions and stuff so I really
appreciate all the feedback and all the
love that you guys show me and all your
honesty so you know continue to talk to
me I'm always responding and I love
interacting with you guys so I guess
until next time
hi guys thanks for thanks for all your
love
