you have to make sure that you have a
savings because I don't know how it
happens but it always happens maybe it
doesn't happen to everyone but it always
happens to me somehow every month is
this unexpected expense it can be like a
broken sink or you know you something in
your car broke down or just something
magically breaks that has to be fixed
right away you're like what the hell why
why is this even happening now you know
so you have to make sure that you have a
cushion or some sort of savings to to
kind of back up these things that just
come out of the blue trust me I don't
know how it happens but the universe has
a crazy way of making things you know
just suddenly break or just go all bad
or you have to dish out tons of money
all at once so just save yourself the
headache and the trouble and the stress
and just make sure that you have at
least a good cushion yeah that's pretty
much it for the bads of living at home
versus the being alone but when I moved
I saw all the great things about living
alone it also made me realize all the
good things about living at home so now
what I'm going to talk to you about are
all the good things about living at home
let's say it together everybody all the
good things about living at home when I
would have a bad day at work or at
school I always can count on having my
sister's there and my parents there when
I got home to just talk to and vent to
and it was really really nice
because I come home and the house smells
wonderful because somebody had already
cooked for me normally was my grandma my
grandma cooks the most amazing dishes on
earth and it was always nice to come
home to just people that you know love
you and care for you genuinely so I
definitely love that feeling about just
that home that whole feeling that I was
talking to you guys about earlier
another thing about living at home is I
can always go into the kitchen and fun
like my favorite foods like all of these
snacks and wow I sound like a real big
fatty right now I really miss living at
home just for the sake of food and I
mean don't get me wrong I also
especially missed you know just talking
to my parents and hearing their hearing
their daily struggles and just hearing
their philosophy and you know their
teaching because ultimately you know
parents they just want us to to be happy
and to be stable so I always miss them
having my back in that way um and just
physically just seeing them I really
miss seeing them every single day but
Shh
don't tell them then because I don't
want them to start visiting me so
definitely a plus side of living at home
is you get to save a ton of money you
don't have to worry about when I'm
making it look at my gonna have enough
money to pay the rent where's my next
move and I come from because I only have
two dollars in my account you get to
actually just relax and whatever money
you are earning you can save it or it
can go towards all your debt which I
highly recommend that you get rid of
before moving out so yeah that to me is
the ultimate plus um when living
wouldn't live being at home now - the
good things about living alone man I can
I can't even begin to explain you know
how much I love living on my own I love
coming home and if I don't want to pick
up my clothes that I throw on the floor
then so be it no one's gonna be there to
nag at me I love that I can come and go
as I please I don't have to answer to
anyone let's say today on something
spontaneous you know and I'm like hey
you know what you know what geo um I
think we should go to Vegas guess what
call it my friend let's go to Vegas we
got to go to Vegas I can just do
whatever I want and not have to answer
to anyone and I love that I don't have
to explain myself to anybody I don't
have to ask anyone for permission about
anything if I want to just walk around
naked I could walk around it it's the
best feeling ever and that is when you
feel like a true adult when you're just
on your own making it on your own not
getting a gun from anybody and you're
just making a living on your own and
it's the most rewarding feeling ever
ever ever ever ever ever and I wouldn't
change it for the world
so my recommendations to you if you're
on the fence about living alone or
living at home is just weigh out the
pros and cons and see what you want to
be in five years see where you want to
be in ten years and just you know make
yourself a spreadsheet of all your
expenses you know all the money that's
coming in versus all the money that's
going out try all that and see if living
on your own is even an option for
example what I did before I moved out I
got a paper I wrote down all the
expenses that I had I would say you know
my cell phone bill Exum on my car
insurance XML my car payment XML read is
going to be this much on how much am i
eating in every month you know so then X
amount how much you're making out and
also most importantly don't forget to
include like entertainment budget
because you know we're all humans were
social creatures so we need to be
amongst other people so you got it yeah
live life - you know I'm not saying
going drink Cristal and eat prime rib
and steak every night but you know just
have enough saved up to just watch movie
or take a weekend vacation out to Vegas
or something so include that in your
expense budget and then see how much
you're earning um see how much you're
making from work or just whatever side
jobs are just anything that's earning
you any type of money calculate that in
and then see how much it's going to be
but also don't forget to include like
your future plans like I said if you
want to have a house in five years is it
going to really be in your best interest
to move out because how much would you
be saving if you stayed
versus being along so there's definitely
a lot of things to consider however
everyone is different so just like I
said we have the pros and the cons look
at your expenses make sure you have that
savings make sure you have a cushion
just in case something happens or at
least make sure you have some sort of
support system that's going to be there
for you when anything bad happens so I
hope that helps for everyone that's on
the fence about living at home versus
living alone and yeah if you guys have
any more questions please definitely
always please please please hit me up
