what's up guys Gio here so today I will
be talking about living alone versus
living at home a lot of you guys have
been asking me what I would do in your
situation if I would you know live with
my parents you know given these
circumstances or let alone and I'm here
today to give you the pros and cons of
living alone versus living at home I
know that at times parents could get on
your nerves you know what their constant
nagging about things that you're always
doing wrong and you know you probably
live like really annoying siblings I
just don't understand the concept that
don't touch my shit so here is big
sister Gio again to tell you about you
know all the all the annoying annoyances
that I described earlier how it would
just sound so heaven needs to just get
rid of them and just to live on your own
and not have to worry about that but the
flip side that is there's always a price
for everything so have no fear I'm here
to help you guys out in terms of you
know how to how to weigh the pros and
cons maybe you feel like you you need to
move out but maybe in actuality you
really don't need to move out because
you really have it really really good so
today I will be sharing my personal
experience of what I went through when I
moved out and how I dealt with
everything and I'm gonna tell you the
good and the bad about both living alone
and living at home me personally I
always want to hear the bad news first
just so that I can like brace myself and
just like punches me really quickly and
then I have time to recover with the
good news and I'm like okay cool okay
everything everything is good again
we're so I'm going to list all the bad
things about living at home so for first
of all is just the parents with the
rules and the guy
mines and the chores and do this do that
don't do this don't do that why did you
do this why did you do that what were
you thinking type of thing um that's
that's the bad about living at home also
if you have to share a room or like
living space with like your siblings
younger siblings older siblings you
never really feel like you have a sense
of your own space so you don't have your
own privacy it's just an invasion of
space so you always feel like you want
to crawl into like a really quiet cave
and not interrupted by anybody also you
might have like annoying relatives who
are constantly up in your business
giving you way too much like information
of stuff you don't really want to hear
also living at home does it really teach
you the sense of you know doesn't really
show you the value of money because
you're constantly depending on like
parents and you know other relatives
that will support you financially so
that's ultimately a bad thing because we
all gotta grow up sometime and we all
need to know the value of things so I
think that's a very very important bad
thing those are just the beds that I
could think of that I went through um
when I was you know debating whether I
should leave home or not now that I have
moved out I see all the bad things about
living on my own and now I will list all
the bad things about living on ER when I
first moved out I moved out with
roommates because I had was in I really
couldn't afford living alone so I had to
get roommates and I had a house with
three other females three roommates and
I still didn't really get that privacy
than any that I needed that I wanted so
that's always a bad thing also depending
on you know how far away you moved from
your parents or your loved ones certain
occasions like holidays birthdays
different celebrations um just different
types of occasions that you would
normally share with all these close
people you kind of don't
that anymore just because you know
they're really far away or you just
don't have enough money because you have
to kind of save up for rent so that's
another bad thing also if you're not
recently I've moved out on my own so I
don't really have roommates anymore but
if you live alone sometimes it can kind
of get a little too quiet and you're
just like holy crap like I need some
people walking around because the house
that I came from there was always people
there there were always footsteps always
you know people around so it kind of
like the ambiance is always very alive
but then when I lived on my own it was
just very opposite and I'm like okay
this is cool you know I get my privacy I
get my own time I could like walk around
butt ass naked if I want to but then I'm
like it's really really dead out here so
you can kind of get a little bit not
depressing but it can just kind of get a
little bit lonely also when I would come
home from like work or school and I
lived at my parents house I always had a
home-cooked meal so I never really had
to worry about you know buying food or
buying ingredients condiments like
spices so I would just come home and
just eat but now that I live on my own
if I have enough time I will cook
something for myself but I just kind of
come home to like a dark empty house so
definitely the air doesn't really smell
like food and you know if I want to cook
a delicious dinner then I have to you
know look into my budget and make sure
that I have enough money to buy you know
pasta eggs water or filtered water um
ketchup you know salt pepper like all
these different things that we kind of
take for granted and our
it's house it's like he gets what buddy
when you rent a place it doesn't come
furnished and it doesn't come with all
these ingredients so guess what you got
to do you got to go out and buy all that
on your own so that's another downside
of living on your own it's just
constantly having to shop money out of
pocket to support your habits or support
yourself also what I've noticed about
living alone or just living away from my
parents houses when I was at home living
with my parents it felt like a home it
felt very warm it felt very cozy but
this place and I'm renting now it's just
a temporary place for me to live so I
don't really have the ability to I don't
have like the privilege of just
decorating it the way I want to you know
having the furniture that I want to just
because you know whether it's budget or
just rules that you know the the manager
of that apartment or that place that I'm
renting has sometimes they won't let you
paint walls and Sims they won't let you
have the curtain that you want so you
kind of also have to follow a complete
strangers rules so that can also make it
feel less of a home if that makes any
sense so um you don't have that home or
feeling you know you have a feeling of
moving and cool like I have some already
show that no one can tell me anything
but you really never had that sense of
home and finally the bad thing about
living alone is um you really have to
learn how to budget so you have to learn
how to budget you know money for rent
money for utilities money for you know
your car money for insurance there's
just different types of bills that you
need to you know start paying on your
own or then you have a school loan um if
you want advice you know when you close
just whatever you'll be doing
like you just always have to budget and
if you don't really have a stable job
then it's really really really really
really really really going to be
stressful because at home let's say you
are paying some whatever rent at home
you have family members you have a mom a
dad or whatever that if you can't pay
the rent that month or you can't
contribute to paying whatever towards
the household then they'll be more
lenient and they'll be like okay well
make sure you have it in you know X
amount of time but then if you're living
on your own away from you know relatives
and parents if you don't have the rent
guess what ye thirty day you pick should
notice you know so it's like no one
really cuts you slack it's like hey
they're trying to live make a living to
show who's going to starve you were then
and guess what if you don't have it then
it's ultimately going to be you that
starting so it's also it's also kind of
a burden because you always have to make
sure that every single month you have
enough money to cover all your expenses
