hey what's up guys I'm actually doing
something pretty fun today and I was
about to go through with it without you
guys and I'm like no this is such a
golden opportunity so I need to show you
guys my past so right now I am pulling
stuff out of my shed and it's dawned on
me that I have a bunch of high school
crab in here and I just need to show you
guys because it's ultimately
embarrassing and who doesn't love to
embarrass themselves I know I do I
already found so much crab I wanna throw
for example I have a knitting book why
do I have an ad book I have no idea but
I want to throw it out
I also found a never been opened
Elmo photo book never been open Elmo I
don't know why I have it I don't know
why I've kept it for so long
throwing it out Wow I totally forgot
that I even got this proof that I
actually went to college I actually have
guess what I had my degree but I was
totally in a box and I didn't even know
that I had it I found old notes
economics notes look at that I wrote
like a freaking computer these are all
my notes got an A in that class
scantrons anyone I even found pictures
of me as a ballerina whoa see that's me
I don't even remember how old I was but
that's definitely me don't be a dick in
high school I was in Honors English um I
don't know how they do it now but I mean
I was an honors English I had to know
these cards and what these cards are
they are vocabulary words and I needed
to memorize all of them that was my last
batch but these are the cards why am I
so dumb now I think I need to read these
things again also in high school I was a
really huge fan of Tim Burton especially
of Nightmare Before Christmas cynic but
I I don't know how you guys feel about
this but I thought it was cute I got
this so cats get um you open it up a
little there he is Oh jack the pumpkin
King but I also have been put down yep
here's Sally I'm not throwing these away
we're sure I found a picture baby G oh
there it is
I own the smallest coca-cola in the
world see there's actually Coke in there
does anyone else have this I don't think
so
anyone interested in muff diving I know
I'm not did someone take four say see
Wow I guess it really gets hot in the
shed
look at my candle call these poor things
Doug do it mm-hmm can I still use it
ti-83 thanks though did you guys ever
keep a diary in high school I did look
at this thing I like covered it in all
like the musicians that I really really
like and then inside I covered it with
more stuff that I like see more stuff
that I like yep I was what you would
call an emo kid I guess okay I found my
junior high picture um I believe I was
in eighth grade in this picture Jays
want to see it it looks horrible but
I'll show you here I am that's me right
there
Laura Bowl I do really try to get rid of
a lot of old things I hate being a pack
rat and some people might already say
that what I've had in these boxes is
being a pack rat but I really do have a
horrible memory so any little piece of
someone or something or just anything
that I could hold on to that will make
me remember that moment in my life
I always try to hold on to it but
eventually you have to certain let
certain things go so for those memories
trash bag
