hello world QB yeah I'm just gonna be
more of Geo big sister and what I want
to talk to you guys about is it's pretty
important something that's um that I
definitely had to go through and I wish
I had an older friend or a smarter
friend or an older sister older brother
that would guide me through all these
questions that I have and today it's
gonna be more about school I know a lot
of you guys are gonna start going back
to school some of you are gonna start
college maybe some of you are gonna be
in your last year of high school
and I know when I was at that age not
that I'm old I had a ton of questions
but at the same time I didn't have a
tenant question that makes any sense
I had a ton of questions because I was
like okay I know after college I mean
after high school my parents say that I
have to go to college why and then I
didn't have the right questions because
I wasn't like okay so if I want to go
into photography then I need to take
these courses or since my parents aren't
going to let me do anything in
photography then I need to go into a
science okay so what classes do I need
to take so I didn't have the appropriate
guidance um telling me hey you have
these options out for you so that's what
I mean so today I want to just kind of
like let you guys know that you guys can
definitely breathe easy because as much
as people are gonna tell you and as much
pressure as you are going to feel that
you need to know what you want to do in
the future that you need to finish your
schooling in like less than four years
yes you can do that and I can see why it
is very important for you to do that
because people want to stay on top of
things you're kind of competing and you
just don't want to look like a dumbass I
get it but then life is seriously short
and there is no need to rush anything
and that's what I learned the hard way I
wish I would have taken a lot more
courses I wish I would have like studied
a lot of different majors because I was
it was just so embedded in me that I
have to pick a career I have to pick you
know this goal that all I wanted to do
was just take all my prerequisites take
all the requisite classes and just get
out of there get my degree and I am done
but now looking back at it I wish I
would have taken you know
extracurricular activities or taking
more art classes or just try different
things while I was in college because
after you get out of high school and
after you get out of college honestly I
love my life now don't get me wrong but
the real world sucks you no longer get
summer vacations it's like you you don't
really like want to even be home anymore
you just want to be out all the time but
then you really can cuz you have bills
to take care it's like so many more
responsibilities so honestly if I were
you guys I would just take it slow don't
be a dumbass definitely don't be a
dumbass
don't get you know like a one point you
know GPA and like waste you're like
freaking time
you don't definitely take in everything
that you possibly can while studying
whatever it is that you're studying
always read always study always just be
passionate of what you are doing but
definitely don't brush anything there is
amongst your friends and stuff yeah you
want to be up to par with them right you
want to have the good grades you want to
have you know you want to be finishing
you want to be you know on top of
everything you want to be you know top
you know 1% I get it but um after when
you get older and you're done with
college and you're done with high school
none of that
Justine none of that matters so just
take it easy just get to know who you
are what you like what makes you happy
and go is it if it takes convincing
where your parents are like what the
hell what are you thinking you can't do
that you can't make money that's not
safe
that's not secure job security how are
you gonna support all these questions
right
think of what your parents are gonna
tell you when you go against what they
want you to do and make sure that you
have all the rebuttals all the answers
to everything so basically what I'm
saying is be a sponge absorb everything
around you know the answers be
well-prepared and just go for it because
seriously no one knows you better than
you so I mean why why kill yourself and
make others happy when ultimately you're
the one that has to live with you and
you're the one that's gonna have to live
with your decisions so just make sure
that your decisions make you happy I
also understand that in certain cultures
you never think about yourself you think
about your family and your loved ones
before you think about yourself but at
the same time since this is your life
you definitely want to be you know happy
and secure in what you are doing because
seriously you'll just burn yourself out
so just some food for thought I just
wanted to come on here and give like a
little you know PSA or whatever because
I know when I was in your shoes and I
was you know gonna start you know my
last year in college I saw or when I was
gonna start my first year in college I
was completely mortified because I
didn't even know what major I wanted to
do I just knew that I was good at a lot
of things I knew that I was interested
in a lot of things but I couldn't fathom
the fat hug it couldn't like imagine me
doing all these things for the rest of
my life and being happy doing them so
yeah I was just freaking myself out and
you know you just want the best for
yourself and you know that you want to
just make your parents happy but
don't take any shortcuts don't you know
don't try to rush anything just really
take it all in be happy you know make
your parents happy also definitely um
and if they're not happy with your
decisions make sure that you give your
strong presentation in a strong argument
as to why you are correct and making the
decision that you are um and if if they
can see that you are confident and you
know what you are doing then eventually
I don't know how long it will take but
speaking from experience eventually they
will definitely back you up you guys
ever haven't yet um any questions about
anything because I guess I've been there
done that
um just definitely drop me a message
here or you know what my email I know a
lot of you guys are my friends on
Facebook and whatnot Twitter hit me up
anywhere with any type of questions that
you have and I will be more than happy
to answer them for you because like I
said I just didn't have the proper
guidance growing up and I wish I did you
don't like that saying those I wish I
knew then what I know now is so true
because I think I would have done things
a lot differently I really enjoy sharing
my life with you guys and I really enjoy
all the feedback that you guys give me
so I love you guys so very much please
pursue all your passions and don't take
any shortcuts read on everything try to
learn as much as you possibly can be
open-minded and just be very tenacious
and persevere
there's no way that you can ever fail so
till next time
