right now we are in Pasadena with Mellie
over there she's shooting Joe right now
we're all having a JK films group photo
shoot right now with her have both sexes
ladies Casey what yeah thnkx cool I like
what you're not shying here but you're
shy bigger picture it's different yeah
yeah I boys want to go first at the park
yeah so we just found an alleyway and
melly mell over there see hi I'm Ali
yeah she thought this fall was cool so
you see the texture in the wall she
thought it would make a really cool
photo shoot location so that's what
we're doing that's the new style 360
view Whoopi six TV please CD elysion we
literally just finished shoot at
cratenbarrel look at that
we're all walking out of here after an
awesome shoot with awesome props but the
coolest thing about it is is that they
didn't even care they told us that that
was melody they told us that we can
shoot isn't that the course normally
what happens we get thrown out yeah so
they were cool so it makes me just want
to go back in via the portal loyal plus
Oh
here at Dreamchasers we got merch table
ready to go look at that dude did you do
so get your stuff look at that they're
for sale now freaking hot help me but
yeah before the show so look they're
soundchecking everyone still so it's
empty nobody here look at those two
studs oh yeah yeah yeah that's fine what
are we doing Oh selling underwear borrow
stuff now
i'm here at dream catchers and the event
sorry about the start but check it out
okay so what's your name ELISA okay so
this isn't lisa did for me look at that
she we took a picture a few days back
and she liked meat it really big I love
her I love you knew no I love you that's
badass and it happened again look and
that would turn in Maggie
Maggie the super shit right now they are
so awesome I love both of them okay so
we are shooting it's Sunday morning and
we are shooting another skid again for
you guys and today we're shooting it at
right over their standard function and
our friend of me was kind enough to let
us shoot at his location pretty dope
location check it out to get out so I
really doubt that you guys so guys will
be able to guess what we'll be shooting
today but yeah we'll be shooting here
and it's a pretty cool location pretty
interesting there's a lot of like guard
dogs and stuff here and I got to show
you these one dogs that are freaking
cute ready I'm ready here here are the
dogs I was talking to you about look at
these guys are pretty vicious but I want
to pet them so bad watch I'm not doing
anything
any what he's gonna do
Hey look at that they don't look very
friendly but on the opposite end on this
side check out these vicious these dogs
are mean so mean you're so mean they
just want to attack they want attack
immediately as soon as they saw me they
wanted to kill especially that Corgi
what is that is that really a corgis at
a lion here we have me and Joe just
chillin there's me go check out his bike
center functions do we have a website or
anything where they can check out
yourself yes we do what is that is that
are fun i suck oh but then we have pays
over here we have awesome great help
they're setting up the shoot we have
Phil and Bart see hi everyone it's a
Daniel Tommy Amy they're so kind to help
us out today finished our shoot it's
wrapped unfortunately I got to keep a
beautiful sunburn check this out see
that show them boobies girl Oh show them
the commander if you can tell but these
guys are really red yeah we're freaking
dinosaurs like it let me turn my
cleavage yeah so yeah I'm burn um
and so yeah we finished it was a four
and a half hour shoot and thanks to miss
Olivia T over here he is introducing us
to the old bone festival so this is
where we're at cuz Oh Olivia T stands
for takashima Olivia takashima okay
we're not doing this 360 view 16 movie
this is what we're at now if you never
seen it you're gonna see it
where's uncle wave your handle go
