okay next question comes from and to do
win and she asks what school did you go
to and what did you study um I went to a
local college Cal State LA and I studied
business in an emphasis and this is in
marketing and yes I loved that major I
love business everything about it but if
I had to do it again I know you didn't
ask this but just some random thoughts
if I had to do it again I would probably
not go into business and I think I would
probably major in art and this is all
because of just kidding films because
growing up my mom was like what you
can't do anything in the arts you have
to go into something that's gonna
promise you you know a steady financial
life she's like you can't do that so if
I had to do it then if I had to do
everything over again I would probably
study like makeup or some sort of music
or I'd be singing even though I suck at
singing but um yes I gave you a bonus
okay and I'm sorry but your question was
just so amazing it inspired me to answer
even more you rock
okay next question comes from um Paula
Arief and I'm sorry if I've been saying
your guys's names wrong you can totally
put me on blast and correct me and give
me the pronunciation next to it and um
I'm sorry so you ask what nationality
are you and come to Sydney with the just
kidding films crew um nationality I am
from the US of A and yes I will
definitely be in Australia with the J
key from screw and I cannot wait to meet
all of you guys so if y'all are in any
of the
Jolyon part you know areas that we will
be at I'm not sure if Sydney is one of
them sorry but um I'm sure I'm sure
you'll get updates and I'm sure you'll
you'll you'll know soon enough if we'll
be there but yes I I will be there and
come say hello and and you know and go
all crazy and yell for us cuz we love it
so much when you gotta show us love yes
the question comes from Brian Cho and he
says why are you so awesome shout to me
please yo Brian what's up man Wow yeah
that was my shout to you oh I'm gonna
just go on a limb and say it's Xavier
you know what I'm just gonna say your
name is mr. Luna so sir Luna is asking
me can you get any cuter ah TJ back can
I get any cuter man I didn't even know
it was cute thank you next question
comes from Oh miss miss Montana miss
foxy Montana says why don't you have a
boyfriend yet what's your dream guy am I
really your girl crush girl foxy Montana
girl crush call me and why don't I have
a boyfriend yet um oh just no time guys
just take too much time away from you
know when you when you're trying to
pursue you're trying to pursue anything
in life I feel that distractions are no
bueno so right now in this point in my
life a boyfriend is definitely a
distraction
um what is my dream guy I want a guy
honesty I'm 511 but I have dated shorter
guys I could care less but my dream guy
would have to be someone that's just
confident smart I really want to have a
conversation with
I passionate I want a guy that's driven
and just doesn't take himself too
seriously I want a guy that is just
going to laugh at the dumbest things and
just be adventurous and just live life
to the fullest that's it as cliche as it
sounds that's all I want
