next question comes from Matthew Smith
and he asks what is your favorite game
and movie ever um favorite game I'm not
sure if you mean like a board game or
like a video game but since I don't
really play video games I will say board
game and my favorite board game is
monopoly and monopoly because ever since
I was a little kid I've always liked
paper money and monopoly actually let me
uh let me uh let me do that and gain
money and take property and throw people
in jail and just strategize and try to
take over the homerun top of the world
so that was one of my favorite games
growing up and favorite movie ever wow
that one's going to be tough just
because I totally love movies and um
there's just so many different like
types of movies out there um but man
there's so many so I'm gonna just say
like indie ones um like mobster kid ones
i'm just going to name like my like just
five that randomly popped into my head
that i really really enjoy one is going
to be Amelie to is gonna be good fellows
three will be pulp fiction for will be
up spirited away five will be run lola
run next question comes from michael one
and they he asked when i moved le can we
become best friends and what's your day
to day like at the office when you move
to LA just facebook me and then we'll
take it from there but so far we're
ready social networking best friends so
you got it Michael um second part of
your question what is my day to day like
at the office um it is a lot of emailing
back and forth with different clients or
a different talent that I am currently
working with or different schools that
are trying to book us or different
venues that are trying to book us and
trying to fly us out there and
forum for them I'm also doing like
different writing you hear Tyson that's
really funny sorry Michael Tyson
interrupted but uh yeah so um creating
different march on for you guys to to
collect um also I do a lot of skip
production for the fellow so they write
the skit and then they give me they give
me like the outline of the skit so that
I can you know find the different actors
that are going to be in a different
probs different locations and yeah
that's pretty much my D today that or
sometimes you know we're shooting and I
have to be acting in that so every day
is a little bit different um actually
every day is totally different so I
can't really answer that um completely
but yeah that's what that's what its
meaning like it's totally a crazy house
over here um so yeah hope that hold next
question is from g boo-la-la that sorry
again if i botched up your name and
question from you is what is the most
embarrassing Pharisee thing you have
ever done man so I don't know if I have
the most embarrassing thing just because
um I do a lot of dumb stuff that I just
find hilarious I just find ways to amuse
myself because i think i have like a DD
so I'm always like trying to do
something that's gonna make me laugh I
guess so I don't really think that have
anything that's super embarrassing
because you know it happens and you just
kind of say okay that was pretty funny
but recently um embarrassing i was you
know if it's embarrassing but i can see
that people would find it kind of
embarrassing but ok so see this it's not
a birthmark you can see that it is a
scar so uh most of you guys i already
know how i got this this piece of
awesomeness on my hand
but for those of you that don't um a few
months back I was writing a longboard on
on my block and I was with jason chen
and bart kwan and you know i was writing
my longboard and then bart was like hey
you know it would be a great idea if you
have Tyson which is like this hundred
pound German Shepherd Eddie owns it's
like if you um if you had Tyson pool you
while you're on this on the longboard I
was like yo let's do it that sounds like
a lot of fun and um yeah you know I'm
feeling a little bit lazy i wouldn't
mind having a dog pull me around so you
know i'm heading in one direction and
the dogs pulling me picking up speed
totally fun totally good times and like
yo this is fun so I was coming to an
intersection four-way intersection so I
didn't want to die at that moment so i
stopped Tyson you know and then we
decided to turn back around and then
head in the opposite direction of that
block that i was i was writing on so
going back and now i'm going towards um
Bart and Jason and you know Tyson's like
picking up speed he's having a good time
I'm having a good time but he was
picking up a little bit too much speed
and um I panicked like a big pansy and
instead of I don't know why I didn't
think of this at the moment but instead
of just letting go of the leash my dumb
behind decides to hold on to the leash
that is tied to tysons neck and I booked
it so I I jumped off the skateboard but
Tyson was still going full speed I
tripped like a retard and I'm sure it
looks so funny but it still it's not
embarrassing but it I wish I would have
just seen this happen to someone else
cuz I'm sure it was hilarious and I wish
that somebody would have recorded it
because it it must look so funny but
anyway yeah so I didn't let go of titans
leash and I like to be towed behind him
and my dumbass just ate it and I
honestly don't even know how I landed on
my head this way but yeah i jacked up my
hand i jacked up my shoulder jacked up
my um my hip and by jacked up i just
mean I scraped everything and at that
moment it didn't really hurt just
because it was so funny because I could
just imagine like I read
myself from the situation and just
imagine how funny it must have looked to
see me eat it so yeah I guess that was
the most recent embarrassing thing that
happened to me so I got this for
memories haha but I just tell people I
got into a crazy fight and I like broke
glass on my hands just like would be
more deadly so Shh if you hear me tell
that story don't tell them the real one
okay thanks the best question from kevin
chang how many of your friends would it
take if there are if there were planking
would equal your height um I mean I
guess just one friend that's 5 11 but
yeah I don't know if I understand the
question next question um from Matt win
do you like Ellen Page um wow I think
I'm gonna have to google that because I
don't know Bolin teaches Shh Kevin don't
judge me right now I am really googling
Colin page and sorry if I'm just lost
cool points but Oh her um do I like her
yeah of course she's like a really cool
actress and I really like just you know
her attitude and everything she's just
like this fuck you i am who i am type of
actress and the way she acts in her
movies I feel like that's how she would
be in real life so yeah I love that girl
she's totally dope and don't judge me
that I actually looked her up on a
Google
member
