good morning guys got jaekeun news today
and I'm pretty happy cuz I get to see
David and Joe haven't seen them in a
long time they've been in Hawaii
film and having fun and stuff and I
haven't seen them and I think almost two
weeks so I'm really excited to see them
I'm prepping this morning got my water
always tried to stay hydrated I've got
my meal and today I'm trying to do a
preventive measure you know I'm always
eating those really yummy snacks that
are @jk me as well today I'm bringing my
snack so hopefully this will hold me
over know how that's gonna do because
I'd love to eat but I'm trying to do
some preventative measures so I don't go
overboard and also out of all my meals
I've got one that's only 500 calories so
if I do go over a bed
it won't go over too much or I might
even be under just because it's so low
in calories I gotta grab something for
my affair she said the next meal so it's
probably this one grab this from my bear
eat this close the door
hey meat loaf what are you destroying
this toy meal oh why do we uh why do why
do we buy toys if you're gonna just
destroy them why do we buy it or as if
we're going to destroy them mean low hmm
look at that toilet what you did to it
why do i buy toys if we can destroy what
do you think about that bringing your
brother's destroying these toys I should
tell you me not pretty good
oh yeah it's telling them nicely alright
grandma came over and she's feeding tyka
now hey mr. big hungry man you're always
so hungry
hello Joe welcome back that's awesome
I don't know who left this on my table
but someone chewed a snack someone is
getting a raise I love this one is this
the lemon pepper popcorn and then the
fat content what damn it no wonder it's
good it's pretty high it's 13 grams
well usually popcorn is macro friendly
but no wonder it's so delicious damn it
it's force one serving one serving size
of 1.6 ounces is 13 pounds no wonder
it's so good I'm still going to eat I
don't care well guess what
I packed a meal that is low in calories
it's like I have a little bit at least
and I bought the jerk chicken what are
you eating that looks delicious
what I want is a good - caramel point
yep this is a caramel I have to make
sure that they are of the right quality
mmm
I mean that's a good quality we were
walking our dogs you know that Pasadena
dog park yeah we were walking our dogs
and then it was hella packed out one day
so we have to park in a residential
neighborhood and then I was walking so
she had the Walker with tiger in it so
I'm walking meatloaf Quan and Ricky and
I'm walking you know sometimes a dog
they just start exactly the stretch that
they've been cooped up so they kind of
barely walked in front of the lawn of
this one guy's house and meatloaf when I
pull them off the lawn to get him off
the person his lawn he bunt he ran in
through the rosebush and knocked off one
of those the stems and then the owner
comes out and he's like son of a bitch
and then I'll say wait wait
dude was watching the whole time yeah
it's just why he's in the garage oh I'm
so sorry I'm at first I'm like
this is just a fuckin rosebush like this
was hella over-exaggerated there were no
buds nothing on there there's nothing to
iose fuck just thorn yes what was it did
you know but also have been so fast
I'm so sorry like the situation and then
he was like why did clays are crazy a
lot of his claims like why'd you drag
him across my lawn across my lawn why
are you dragging them into the rosebush
and in my mind that's my schlong is
through your dog like yeah and my brain
sort of malfunctioning because it wasn't
like how you answer that yeah my on even
though how you can make a claim like
that I'm like you really think I'm
dragging my dog across the entire city
like what that's like the planet I was
like no I'm sorry there's an accident
and then yeah it was like that like not
even he's like probably downplaying it
more yeah he's beating his wife for sure
swathi his wife coming on his wife's
like shaking his her head she's mad he's
squatty looking at the roasting and then
mid fuckin collision yes he's like he's
like oh my god you're gonna pick up his
turd it's not your dog's turn it's not
your dog easily I was like yeah it's
probably Jenny could you scared yeah dog
start because you pick it up but I'm
like yeah this with these bags are for
these doggy bags so I go down and I pick
it up and then I started walking around
my heart this is this guy's is trip and
he's just fucking crazy he's like
probably his mid-forties kind of like
that dude I start walking away Jill's
gonna come later and she a tiger I just
want to bring the dogs and you don't
know how Meat Loaf's temperaments those
just you and the dogs and you're in the
car her I was getting tanked already I'm
on the stroller and as I'm walking
forward and then
as soon as his wife came out than I came
ox I'm like what is this bitch gonna do
like so I was behind you and then you
walked away and then I just stood there
to see cuz like they were like about to
say some shit yeah um yeah there about
that there was just she was just shaking
her head so I'm like what is this bitch
about the towel my man or whatever so
then I was just standing there and then
you walked away and then he looked at me
he's like are you with him
are you with him I'm like don't you talk
to me I don't like I have nothing to do
with you don't fucking talk music get
off my property and I'm like I've heard
that I'm like I'm on the sidewalk this
is not your property awkward yeah I
started walking back towards them just
to see what was what was happening and
then back I start walking back and then
also are if this will uh starts talking
to geo Mormons for pop in his face I'm
standing next to his property on my own
you're bobtailing the street and then he
starts walking to me like it's like step
into the other solid oh shit or if we
throw it down we're gonna fucking throw
it down yeah but the right they were
like I was I was excited but then I get
for him because he's a really good guy I
think no one's ever not back down yeah
so he comes at you like this but he's on
the lani you just thought those you're
not gonna throw those the turds at my
trashcan are you because this trashcan
was out for that and I'm like no it was
like he wanted some shit so I was like
what the fuck ends up like after like
after that was cool and me and Jonas
decide we're gonna go away because even
though even his wife is like she good
yeah she gets good he's still like why
cuz we just weren't backing off she's
like it's over it's done as I'm walking
away I'm just leaving his wife that day
for sure me and Jarrell I do should we
just go back and let take out like 20
bucks and throw it out I'm like go buy a
fucking new rose like it's fucking crazy
how Matty got over don't start doing
money on
well maybe it's worked before that's why
that's how they make them that's how
they pay rent yeah and then when we
walked away fuckin like floors it
fucking floors out of the ground like
how Mike standing that please tell her
please
I'm across the street like making sure
that he doesn't come and like say
anything to her yeah so she decided to
move it but before all that happened I'm
still standing this to make sure
everything's cool and you see him like
get his fucking prison he's like like
drives away no it was in Pasadena near
the dog park neighborhood he was rated
like a Mexican woman no Hills fucking
there's a white guy in a Mexican like 40
or 50 ready
I thought we're gonna fight for you to
stop you should tell them what you told
me you were like just to let you know if
you ever want you were like if you ever
want oh I also told you Oh like because
you know that guy's wife was trying to
get laid it balls letting geo not lay my
natural instinct is to always the
deescalate like you've not done for me
I'm always like there's no there's no
conflict that can't be resolved through
reasoning but I was letting her know but
if you ever want to escalate the
situation I'm fucking down as a mother
other people for me I'm always like oh
shit in this club do my friend didn't
mean to do whatever but if my friend
wants to throw a punch the fuck you're
gonna have a row that's why I'm usually
the source of anger I'm in trouble so
you're like be escalating and a joke
goes it's time to go down yeah even
though me and Joe got down in like
Little Tokyo I went to go Peter I saw
this guy that Joe had beef with and I
was like oh they go back to Java Hey Joe
you know the guy that wanted to fuck up
we're gonna be death or all right
you understand by the dog and I'm like
alright what I wanted tell me these
fellas those were the days no
consequences there were consequences
why didn't have anything to lose
okay that's how I'm always trying to
deescalate stuff there's just so much
rejection going down you don't know yeah
I should be thinking like that he's like
because he has kids oh yeah fuck that
guy's welcome so here's an update on the
snack situation the popcorn that I said
I was gonna eat a little bit of I just
found out that I hate the holding and
it's only because I've read finally that
it says the servings per container is
one so it's 13 grams for the whole bag
so the whole bags only 220 calories and
all that oh yeah that's not bad so I'm
gonna add this into My Fitness Pal
calculator but it should be fine I just
finished my lunch everyone else is gone
they're either doing lunch stuff
grabbing my Julia's grabbing boba to
studying articles gia went home to see
Tyga I would love to do that except I
actually need my nap so I'm gonna go to
my normal appointment in the back where
I have my nap and it was really fun to
do JK news with David and joking since I
haven't seen him a long time we always
have new stories and it's it's always
fun to hear these news stories because
you know we've been doing drinking this
for such a long time and we've known
each other for such a long time that
sometimes the stories get old because we
know them so it actually helps out the
channel when we spend time apart and
live our lives so we can come back and
share your stories with each other's
kinda ironic on like the the channel
actually grows when we spend time away
from each other as the times of where we
like shoot Jay King news together
hanging out together go on vacation
together and have barbecues together we
share those stories the for the same
stories that we share the
because of whatever I was in was shown
on camera and then it kind of gets stale
so it is it is uh what was that were the
heart grows fonder when the ponder is
apart I don't know that I returned but
there's some sort of saying but now time
for me to take a little nap good night
guys
julia is straight killin the snack game
today
I got boba with peach and this is some
new school shit I guess but there's real
peach chunks in it I've never seen him
before
no well I grew up on just peach flavor
so this is the first time I actually got
this casually get like a milk tea but
since I'm on a diet I don't want any fat
contents I just got this and I like but
this it's been in the freezer I didn't
start to separate so I'm trying to mix
the drink back with the ice before I
drink it but without straining the boba
in right no no you want to keep the ball
to separate so part of you did you know
that I've been drinking boba since I was
3 years old since 3 yep I grew up on it
because it's their whole life Oh fine my
mom used to make it at home oh really
yeah my mom mr Boyle boba or is it just
in a pot I don't know just a boil in a
pot and so just boil it in a pot and it
since uh since boba is like Bennett Dean
since I was a kid but she of course my
mom sucks at cooking
so boba that you just boil it you just
said well you have to stir and stuff to
get a good consistency so there'd always
be Bowl but I got stuck to the bottom of
the pot and those ones kind of burnt so
all of the boba always tastes smoky my
mom tried my mom tried what are you
gonna say how's your uh how did I was
take that ball here no I've had it here
whose when I bought in Taiwan remember
that my grandma yeah but I had it here
cuz our office was here so my desk was
there sighs I have a whole bunch of shit
still that I need to move out but then I
saw it's like all type of we really like
it because it moves so I'm gonna be like
staring at it it's like wow uh
noisemaker oh yeah how is tight good
today it was good news really happy
I went there and was eating and then um
he finished eating he was just laying
there and we're having long
conversations hmm and then I was getting
ready to leave
and then he had that little mobile
looking thing yeah I was just like yeah
he was just looking at it like and then
I left and he I don't even think he
realize that oh well he's too small as
not to make things here
yeah yes this for me
I did thank you I did how was your nap
oh I saw you walk that's itthat's Jess
how you walk by like so let me show you
guys so he's wearing this and that's how
I last saw him and then he walked by in
that hallway over there and when I put
my head up I just see him walk by
because if you go this way the restrooms
are there and I just see him in his
black underwear like what's up fuck what
the hell did he get naked so fast I was
gonna make it to sleep I don't know and
then I drink too much water before lunch
so I have to pee in the middle of
natural yeah so then I saw you but then
I was talking to TIFF and then you never
came back so I'm like oh wait you go
back to sleep yeah I gotta sleep oh shit
what are the five minutes are you
serious I Bobby took you like two
minutes just to get comfortable lay down
and get settled all right nothing on the
grill but something's gonna be on the
girl I'm so excited to eat I wish I was
my favorite restaurant the whole world
this is what I love
goomy you can have everything planned
miso soup shabu Australia and beef
davidow is that that's creamy crab
croquette and fried oysters gizzards
trash and expensive meats too delicious
okay even more booth game my favourite
cucumbers and Tasha with the eggplant
and oh my god I missed this yakitori so
much okay we're done talking but today
I'm with you guys the Baba
