hey what's up guys Gio here um I know
it's been a minute since I have done a
comments box and any of that and I
apologize to all of you that have been
asking me about that
I've actually been super busy in a way
from just having the luxury of having
the time to sit down and really just sit
and connect with you guys on that level
but I hate the fact that I haven't done
that um like I watched the vlogs that
I've been putting up now and I'm and I
feel like it's very like impersonal and
today I felt like hey you know what I
have like a good hour window to just sit
down and connect with you guys so I'm
gonna do something a little bit
different this time and I've been
posting on all my different social
networks that I will be answering your
questions live pretty much so let's go
on my fanpage and see what you guys said
first question comes from Hosea dalgo
and he asks where do you see yourself in
10 years or hope to be in 10 years I
would like to actually have my own house
be super financially stable and to be
able to buy my mom and my dad their own
house out in whatever part of the world
they would like to have their house I
would also like to have just kiding
films be like this household name and
just be like this huge production
company that is like this huge umbrella
and underneath it it has like all these
different business businesses like like
a happy Madison that produces all these
funny movies or Saturday Night Live like
a live sketch comedy group I also would
like it to be like a school that teaches
that would have like all these different
you know kids and adults and stuff learn
whatever form of comedy or entertainment
or acting or anything that they want to
get into it like have it be like this
the school or this Learning Center
I just want so many things for just
getting films and I hope that everything
that I have planned for it can can come
to fruition within those next 10 years
okay so next question comes from the
jawed mark it Leone so sorry if I said
your name wrong um and your question
is a BEC success experience you had so
far with just kidding films best
experience with just kidding films um
man there's so many to think of right
now but ultimately I'm going to have to
say that just the learning that I've
gained from working in this industry and
working in this business it's like you
really have to think like a leader you
really have to be a pioneer because yeah
YouTube this this whole platform is
something that's completely new it's not
television it's not movies
it's its own thing so you really have to
be very creative and very strategic when
it comes to connecting with people
through your content and making sure
that your content always carry some sort
of value in it so in doing that I've
just learned so much and I can't really
explain it right now but it's like when
you go to school and you're you're
majoring in something in college and
then you're pretty much done in the real
world and they tie you to pretty much
put put into play what you've learned
and most of the times it's really hard
because the transition from school to
the world world they're really it's just
difficult because you know a lot right
you know a lot of definitions and you
know a lot of theories and and whatnot
but when it comes to actually applying
them it's very difficult if you don't
have the experience if that makes any
sense so um so yeah so with you know
being with just kidding films it's like
I get to learn these theories and I get
to pretty much create these theories and
then I get to apply them and then I get
to see if they actually work pretty much
in real time so that has ultimately been
my best experience working with just
kiding films that and the fact that I
got to see Bart and Joe put honey on
each other which was totally hilarious
cuz it was so awkward to see two
men Lee men do that to one another so
yes that was one of my most memorable
best experiences thank you for the
question next question comes from
Montana citizen and I'm so sorry if I
botched up your name let me just tell
you I suck with names and I know who you
are because you are always tweeting at
me and you're totally amazing and this
is what you have to say what inspired
you into this career path and I love you
very much that is all I love you very
much - thank you so much what inspired
me into this career path um initially it
was just what
just kidding films was all about they
were about unity they were about
pursuing the dreams they were about
keeping it real they're about never
giving up on what you love and that as
soon as I found out that that was there
you know that just kidding films
philosophy I was like I really need to
get on this you know what do I got to do
what way can I help you guys out that
and the fact that they're both really
good friends of mine and we've been
friends for years
so that ultimately inspired me because
it's like hey let's make a difference
you know through through making people
laugh because I mean laughter is
universal you know laughter is a sign of
people that are happy so yeah I wanted
to be a part of that so thank you for
the question miss foxy Montana next
question comes from Matthew Smith and he
asks what is your favorite game and
movie ever
