hello so right now we are actually on
our way to the Laugh Factory because
it's one of our very good friend P K's
birthday celebration there so we're
going to see a lot of people perform and
do some comedy so I'm totally stoked I
cannot wait but I have to wait because
we are at a gas station we are inside
right now
we get baby status no one's here yet
Katie tails in the hizzy fo shizzy not
all about the KKK I want to think Jacob
doing okay they're gonna be the host a
who's the host with the most toast I'm
really mad at barb because he's work out
twice a day this is what happens this is
very good
okay very good very Billy Billy means
when you're working out you're like why
my work
all right so we're just having a
barbecue fourth of July all the fellas
be be queuing it up whoop-whoop
gangsters file we got him over there
that guy but uh we have Casey here we
that they actually purchased a little
slip and slides I'm definitely going to
go but check out this stud over here
you're gonna be good that is so thin
that's like thin for me yeah yeah I hope
there's no rock store up there is it
alright County you got five you I wait
up wait up hopefully be dry then they
like an age limit hymen up there emotion
in their weight limit as I think we
don't hoping down I still say we need
soap I can't wait for this to go all
wrong I really can't wait I'm excited
did either be a judge
all right we're just filling it up right
now just so that you can get stuck mid
and then like break it for everyone else
hi everyone meet his little flip camera
look at that
isn't it cute in the middle like stops
in the middle of the slide I looked at
by twice as long yeah we should get
another one stand it with plastic bags
just bring them like all the way across
the whole lawn that's probably about I
did I like bad ideas because it just
wants more fun your dress the wrong way
for you oh you got this no no something
fight it should be a sooner
means crazy all right now it's Jill's
turn it's gonna man up finally after
being a little Pusey I don't know
Thank You Johnny more up then you get
out it went in my eye
Scott's turn oval cow oh you know what I
think it is I think it's the shirt I
think the shirt slows you down I can't
do anything about the shirt are they
waiting for you right now yes
wrap it up
