why hello there today is going to be
something a little bit different I
always say that on my blogs but this
one's different because I've never done
it so we are actually in the OC right
now Oh technically we're in fountain
valley and we are at Sound matrix
studios and what this is is we're just
going to jam out I particularly don't
play any instruments but shit I just
wanted to see what it was all about so
so let's go inside and see what oh oh oh
our room is over here not here not here
look at this very cool painful would we
are room ladies it's so cool oh is this
us cool is that it comes equipped with
drums and aunt speakers sounds it's done
mykes mykes
we are always coming back where we
waited a long time for like an hour this
food better be pretty good
well
made it to the real boy think I've
designed bootleg line that was actually
go ahead and two more
