so right now we are heading to another
place that Joe and Olivia are taking
this too but right now we have Joe as
soccer mom what's up hey ma where are we
going right now we're going to haight
street to see some homeless people just
kidding I what have you known for so for
being a very weird street like kind of
like a bell road in LA that was a dad
Olivia shop Maya shop I couldn't brought
me out here when I was like 15 to freak
me out to see all the like nutty hippies
that came here in the 70s and like when
I got here there was like a big powwow
of them like on the curve just taking up
the whole curve sitting down there and
like for the man brother man brother man
brother macros man and they were just
talking about some weird stuff I was
scared oh I can't wait to show you guys
what it looks like I've never been there
so it's due to do
it's like their version of our la
melrose but I think this is quite far a
million times better
the stud don't look at me like you're
home talk to me big-headed leave us
one
okay I want this guy is super cute
don't bite me what are you selling your
oh look that's it yourself that's very
creative oh wait wait to call oh look
what the hell are they selling it look
at this oh it's not even is over this
thing is
oh it is a door right here what up folks
show we just made a little quick stop
and we are in SF subversion are let me
rephrase out I am in Amoeba in San
Francisco and it's it's dope it's not as
cool as one in LA but whatever check it
out they have everything have smoothies
coasters vinyl everything I do you know
what these are this is full first time
here the news yeah check out all the
powers of vinyls friends read that it's
covered water wall all this music I love
me some movies we're in the movie
section now and growing up my sister
traumatized me with this guy yep that is
old Freddy Krueger she said that he was
going to come through the mirror that
was in my room and kill me while I was
sleeping so I hate that guy seen it seen
it no haven't seen it see it
haven't seen it haven't seen it saw it
it's kind of weird
never sighs I'm a big pansy Oh solid
unfortunately for that seen waynes world
ought to space also seen it seen it
definitely saw it seen it
so starting to you killing me seen it
lost i actually solve it oh you got
that's never saw it fortunately my sides
the toe fungus that's just too funny
need like it very cool pushkar
