so now we are in San Francisco about the
hit at Fisherman's Wharf get some
awesome seafood in our bodies this is
actually Jason and Casey's first time
she near killed Casey Musil first taping
with two heads how you feeling today he
excited I'm excited for all of you that
have not been here before you guys when
you can he ever do don't have to eat
here and I was like a fisherman looks
like a bunch of people a bunch of
one-way street bunch of like random
stores selling grand
me there's a baby's behind
in warfare
they are
you have to try the famous sourdough
bread here for days
over there right there for that
it smells fishy check out these brave
aspart
okay go
excuse this guy has Down syndrome us
stood it did it you guys head enjoy my
music I'm gonna grab now see you later
decided to order some raw oysters I
don't need them but Bart is going to
demonstrate how you shop hop relieve you
choice to she get it was hot like our
friends I get the boys they're right
here you didn't we got it I get splashes
limo because all kinds of the guys here
just a little bit got saved for the rest
if I get it yeah a little bit little bit
about the bass hello hello you either
don't even know what it's called I just
throw it on there cocktail cocktail
shrimp sauce and this little Sam white
bean porridge horseradish come sauce and
then
eat it okay cool and that's the way we
will enjoy your oyster we are literally
on that we are currently on the Golden
Gate golden game
I am so excited I have never been here
before and I have lived in California in
my whole life I actually built a replica
model of this exact same thing when I
was in like eighth grade and very first
time I've ever
Oh
we have deep in hey
we have Joe's ear he'll complete joke
don't baby
