just finished lunch and now it's time
for dessert sweet or good
okay
all right
oh my god so this is what's so taste
like
I ordered light cheese a lot and a bunch
of my cards
I love macros so
glamour lives in their studio look at
that in our green room getting ready so
cool huh look at Jason's back of the
head to discharge so cool yeah Jason is
gonna let me make up so the makeup
session with Jason has been completed
all I need from you is a huge drugstore
foundation foundation just a brush an
applicator I guess to buy it and then I
use a bronzer that's just to create
contours on his face like filet shadows
so there it is see he used to have like
acne scars there look at me with that
you can just use a normal eye shadow mac
eyeshadow and fill it in a little bit so
check out oh recording another skip for
you guys
in NorCal and check out the mix studio
it's so cool this is where we are yeah
this is my good friend
actually is doing us a huge favor coming
out giving us some of his time he's the
best check it out
I'm just inspired through those thoughts
but the star of all this
no sign me say it against it again nerf
addict 25 week I bought back off the
videos Nicky son calm with you case no
illegal site right now kids if you're
under 18 you cannot click YES on that ni
k ki wrapped up an awesome shoot that
Manny was just entirely improv on my
part and Jason smart and we're not used
to that so it was definitely an awesome
experience
yeah he was my boyfriend I was a loser
but check out check up Miguelito over
here alright look at swag studmuffin
over here holla
