so today we are at Moses's house and we
will be shooting out of this kit for you
guys and this is going to the very sexy
beautiful angel voice Claire Chung we're
just waiting for to get here but right
now we are just unloading the vehicle we
have Moses that was so kind enough to
let us shoot at this place we have
neener neeners and we have bar and we
have we have Jojo on the radio I'll try
to learn his lines so yeah it's gonna be
a fun shoot can't wait does math art
shoot and we're about to have dinner at
roscoes so we have Joe good Moses we
have mixed up Claire Casey well yeah
whatever aneta so can you repeat what
you just told me you were silent on page
we are all done plates of destruction
so good oh my god it was really good
will you be coming back yeah another one
Roscoe's it's good
