so Oh guys are going to be performing
said it's a musical thing but check out
what Joe is using to vlog with reason
vlogging with that hey you so I have
these glasses on they're not mine
however I do want to keep it up maybe
longer this gentleman over here you're
not just my opinion I definitely will be
keeping these glasses so if you would
like for me to keep these glasses leave
me a comment saying keep the glasses you
don't want me to keep them to say lose
the glasses so the more people that take
keep the glasses i am going to Jack this
guy back here so you guys want me to
steal say keep the glasses or like it
the more likes that I get on this video
the more Kansas it is that I'm going to
Jackson so I want me to steal like it
yeah this guy right here
it is
I mean in little vlogging camera wait
wait what are you trying to do I'm
trying to lift this okay go
you got it you got it you got it because
it cements up on the board but you got
it you got it keep going I see it it's
lifting
