alright so we just finished filming what
am I talking about I'm so out of it just
finished meeting for JK party and I'll
show you guys a couple games are gonna
play there's this one I don't even know
if you guys are gonna like it yet but
we'll see you know there's this one
again I don't know if you guys are gonna
like it we've never played it before so
hopefully you guys like it so we talked
about it today and we've decided when
we're going to shoot it how we're gonna
shoot it who's gonna be in it
Michael was sitting there and was
sitting here and then out of nowhere and
he's asking are you guys gonna go home
I'm like yeah I'm gonna go home and then
Michael was like qui EST roughly ping
pong now look at him
but the funny thing is the funny thing
is that Michael has his own fucking
paddle exactly I bought this paddle
because I wanted to be able to beat
everyone in the office how much is a
paddle
now you gotta say how much was it what
the hell I was thinking like 200 bucks
really I wouldn't you know I like
ping-pong but I might have to spend to
carve up Senate panel I mean I could
tell you were like you felt 45 bucks I
was already too much how much is a
regular paddle oh now I see why 45 bucks
is nice but you really researched it
dude
there's like more spongy rubber on there
and then the materials made
what I think do they use this one in the
Olympics no this is called carpet oh
shit really yours already feels good
like the ones in the Olympics are
probably liked for $200 and it's like
good only use your like your rubber
thing once and then you have to take it
off and then throw it away I love how he
knows so much about ping pong I think
that's fucking awesome
Wow Wow Wow it's how we progressed all
right I'll see you guys later I have to
poop have fun pooping thank you oh yeah
all right well and when girls okay
this is some advice for you guys out
there when girls speak to you guys like
that majority of the time that means
that you've been friends oh so if a
girl's talking to you about pooping
she's either really comfortable with you
but if she really really likes you she's
trying to impress you she's trying to
let you know that she doesn't poop I'm
getting my poop station ready that she
doesn't poop so then yes should I press
you sure that she doesn't poop so then
that means that she's trying to impress
you and make you think that she's very
very girly so yeah if she talks to you
that way she's your friend zone bro but
before I say anything else let me finish
let me tell immediately start pooping
and then I'll be back to you guys all
right all that now it's time to go home
and be with
much better and they're still playing go
back
could disposer I just got home he's
gonna greet me get this guy the cuny is
man that ever lived
you can't be the cutest boy that ever
lived because that's Tycho's now the
cutest man that ever lived awesome
welcome of this riding in the garage
fine yeah bit cutie oh my god this guy's
hilarious well that's a nice welcome for
all you Huggies and boyfriends out there
women love those all times and for all
your wives and girlfriends husband hold
those and boyfriends of those so you got
to be cuny with each other you listen to
me boy now
I don't know what probably hears me
voice or something but he's been smiling
cute okay well I don't want to bother
him
let's give it up wake up soon I see the
boy is awake and about to go back to
sleep
this boy sleeps so much and it's not
just this boy it's most newborns if not
all newborns they tend to sleep about 16
hours of day so you literally speak for
like two three hours and then they wake
up and then they wake up and they eat
for maybe like an hour and then they go
back to sleep
but the ball didn't move it was are you
moving fine
what are you making I'm making fried
garlic with oil oh shit and what's that
for then to wash the dishes I just found
some lettuce and then I wouldn't know if
that's gonna work
hopefully it does I never really take a
camera huh just take a cam yeah boy you
like garlic
wait he's actually this way like a cam
you're killing my wrist so damn heavy
what you're thinking what are you
thinking about yeah well it's about to
be dinner time but since for all three
of us actually mom bar myself for all on
diets so we all have our pre-made
prepackaged diet meals and I don't know
I'm gonna get yet let me see can we open
up the fridge what happened your face
you okay you okay yeah okay
let me fix the boy okay open up the
fridge sorry I only have one hand
because I'm holding it dude open up the
other side but these are meals you see
my mom's is already packaged and then
Bart's is right here this guy is so
intrigued do you see it what are you
looking at
and then Papa has his right there and
then mine are over here whoa what it Y
on buddy and then I don't need to carry
it's me wow wow wow
I think it's the water right
you hear all that we're seeing far far
away from dead
no no don't do that he was about to put
the spatula on his foot and start
stirring with his foot Bree doesn't care
rooty gets in the weirdest fucking
position Liggett
no it's like she's she's hanging outside
of a car window that's what her consider
album looks like she's steering she's
steering with the left paw and she's
she's uh it's a European car that's like
she's steering with him her father left
off and she's got it out of the another
passenger out of the driver's window
fine
and you are just thoroughly entertained
up on my refrigerator look at that we
found out we were pregnant and then my
developments in weeks
and then this is ah my OB or you want to
say something you want to say something
say hi yeah and then we got this and
then they got this we've got pup-pups
about a super cute I mean that's as far
as a baby bar as a baby they used to
look like it used to look like that but
then nothing looks more like his mama
with his Papa's eyes what are you doing
in there you got something up your
sleeve huh you don't trust me did you
and then that bar and his mama so cute
huh the big-ass behemoth that has
developed from this cutie little baby do
this friggin believe it Wow that mouth
oh but he this huh holy shit is straight
so much yeah
we sing all over the behemoth yeah your
monster that makes you happy
all right my arm is dying over here
carrying this guy's so I'm about to put
him down not as in Michael um put him
down but like visually pull him that but
put him down here you go mama
oh my goodness
my head it just stayed stuck
in the arms of the angel fly away from
here
meat loaf the set is Papa live well you
can't smile right now you can't smile
you get the look sad
he's smiling me love you can't smile
dude you killed the joke buddy alright
so here's the beginning of Tyga's
training thank you
okay all right papa teach him teach him
the languages he needs to speak go
oh yeah gene eyes oh okay
beads nadis nose say bah bah mom so
awesome
left hand yo so right hand Jojo oh you
were the Spanish man of any child mother
lecture baricza mama the letter derecha
derecha
aha - Kiara my father's duck yay yeah no
he said fun of us is a lot oh oh you
said sabato I heard but okay yeah but
the say is animal este yeah yeah beer
huh pho where the retro beer day yeah
yeah just bein scared Oh beer is giggles
he's yellow just stick to what you know
so Chuck look but right but
you play drums
rock and roll
you should do what okay that's it no I
don't want
give me some RMB what did you like give
me some country round on horse jumping
now some pigs hey I give you some
classical he's a bossa nova yeah that's
the mop he's falling that's kidney okay
we're down we're done he's going good
job baby did some lessons today I know
he fucking he sped up sorry my baby he
liked it though what I'm using they're
crying wardrobe I think he did
all right well on that note it is wood
well anyway on that note uh yeah we're
gonna head out cuz uh it's getting it
what time is it 8:30 for so it's
approaching pikas sleeping wind down our
oh that's a death sentence right there
smelling that stinky head before we go
Tyco has this think he had because he
sweats a lot and I think it's sits there
because of all the hair he has and it
just smells very musky we can't really
watch her every day
smile if you're watching movie but dry
out so yeah his ear is folded alright
guys thank you so much for watching we
will see you tomorrow and a beautiful
building a beautiful afternoon beautiful
day the
