hey what's up guys today's Monday
morning and it's just a regular morning
however I just got back from the gym I
am back on my arm clean eating diet I'm
just trying to follow Bart's workout
schedule and diet schedule I see a lot
of improvement in his 30 30 day
challenge so I decided hey why not um
I'm not doing a 30 day challenge that
would be that was Tyson taking water
definitely want to have a healthier
lifestyle and make a lot more healthy
food choices so for today what I'm doing
is I did an hour of cardio and it's
breakfast time for me so this is what
I'm having its eggs to the two eggs and
I actually put chubbiness what that is
this right here tallulah I think it's
pretty damn disgusting so I'm asking
with Cholula and the reason why i like
because it's like zero everything myung
macro on this camera sucks but yeah zero
the only thing that you have a
percentage of is sodium so that's not so
yeah two eggs uh 1 egg yolk the yolk is
no good for you so be careful with that
and note cards so it's just strawberry
and bananas so I'll just try the no kata
thing um this week she what's up um
hopefully I don't die just kidding I
won't die but yeah so it is lunchtime
and I had chef board here cook this
awesome trout um this one you can pick
up at costco it comes individually
wrapped frozen show on its community for
um mr. chef bark how did you make this I
just it's real simple put a lemon pepper
seasoning you could buy like arouse or
whatever grocery store it just garlic
salt just sprinkle it on this child has
a lot of flavor so when
what you only have to do is bring out
the flavor of the fish you don't have to
try to smother it with anything Wow
spoken like a true chef and um he didn't
even like use any oil or anything if
anything it was just Pam just so that it
doesn't stick to the pan and exit side
since it's donal carbs we just have
veggies with a little bit of garlic salt
it looks like um and of course your
water that'll be the healthy clean lunch
for me
