um it's not really make up it's more
like of an emergency kit I guess I do
run into a lot of people I do have like
impromptu meetings that just come out of
nowhere so I always want to be
well-prepared again so I like to carry
options with me and this is one of them
this is another Avon thing um this is
from their mark line again I loved it
just because it's so small and compact
what this is it's lipstick so I don't
normally like to wear lipstick but you
know if you're wearing just it will be
plain outfit and you have to meet with
someone I knew on need to have more of
an evening presentable look then you
know just pop on some lipstick curl the
eyelashes do something different with
the hair or just even come there and
voila you look like you're ready for a
night out in the town i guess but yeah I
just got a simple pink in this one um
just to keep it very natural on you
don't ever want heavy heavy makeup
especially it for it like a business
meeting and so yeah this is what I carry
oh here i have my pill case you know
this really is it's just on excedrin or
just headache medicine I don't normally
get a lot of headaches but I'm always
wrong people that do so I'm just kind of
like the savor of the day and he always
just asked me for pills and I have it
but this is just really funny cuz on I
used I prefer excedrin and so it has
like the pill has an e on it and every
time I give it to someone they're like
are you giving me ecstasy like really me
ecstasy really now what else do I have
oh yeah you see I wasn't lying more hair
ties and a lot more bobby pins in here
see because what else oh yes um I carry
these oil blotting sheets I normally
don't have oily skin but when I whenever
I wear a face moisturizer um it tends to
be a little bit more oily side so I
never want to be shiny and funky looking
self I just add this on my face absorb
the oils because you never want to touch
your face with dirty fingers and that's
what causes you to break out so avoid it
use it guys girls use it it's the
business for real um I always travel
with my planner this is my life I
schedule everything in here um carry
this and to go along with this I always
carry so always have a pen on you you
never know what you're going to need it
for someone always needs it anyway so
carry this with me um what else this one
again the marked line on the comment you
can detach again seek so this one makes
a bit more sense their lip glosses this
was a sexy super sexy glossy look at me
type of um red
and then this is just your um pink tint
lip gloss that I carry with me so you
could change your looks around so i
recommend get it mark Avon its you're
probably spending like less than 12
books both of it and you can just carry
one you should carry it in your pocket
it's so small but told you I love lip
glosses and anything with this one I'm
actually wearing it right now again it's
smart it looks like it's a lip gloss but
it's not it's actually tinted it's cold
totally cute lip balm I'm wearing it
right now you can't really tell but it
does give your your face a little bit
more life and glows so again the mark
line Avon probably like four or five
bucks else um sunglasses when I'm not
wearing these guys I get to wear these
so I've like six or seven pairs of
sunglasses but it's always good to just
carry one always protect your eyes for
sure that's
come that I absolutely love gum and if
you're gonna keep gum with you make sure
sugar free especially if you want to
cover up some stank breath just cuz
sugar is what causes things but so get
sugar free gum and it hasn't even been
opened yet but I'm working my way to do
it I'm working my words but you're going
to be that person that always prepares
you know so gum you never want to be the
person with this thing um peanuts just
because I mean you need them to life why
else we do not carry Kleenex I have
friend actually gave this to me it's a
body mist but it's cool I just mixed it
because it's like oil their oil all that
it's sudden I'll show it to you guys
again and scented cream Justin's flirty
cranberry and vanilla it's so freaking
good it's victoria secret line um it
just smells very refreshing straight out
of the shower and it's not like ah it's
not that overwhelming smell it's really
subtle very soft and then throughout the
day it just smells better and better and
better oh here we go see top of it is
purple half of it is white but before
you spray it on you just mix it up and
voila again it's also the flirty
cranberry it's it's a pair get it
recommended what else oh my keys I was
keep it on a lanyard cuz of the big
horse I can never find anything um so I
always keep this thing and I just kind
of switch around forward and I always
end up grabbing grabbing it so could
always find your keys and sometimes I
just want to not carry anything I don't
even know I'm wearing like this I've
never
like this one's in my life but just
suggestion there it is um again lip
gloss another one I really didn't want
this many but i'm doing this video kind
of cleaning it up yep not conclude it
that's it no more so thanks guys hope
you enjoyed that if you have any more
requests please let me know and I will
be getting back to you guys so until
then peace
