hey whats up guys do here um so today is
more of a request video I had someone
send a request earlier this month and
they were asking that I do a what's in
my purse video and I love the idea so
here it is this one goes out to Michelle
v2 who sent me the request and here it
goes so first of all this is my purse
this is what I trav travel with um this
has been what I've been traveling with
for about two weeks now I love this
purse just because it's so spacious it's
really roomy I can add a whole bunch of
junk in there I'm just the type of
person that likes really bag really big
persons when I use a purse most of the
time I like to travel just with like my
business card case it's about like this
big and I can always put it in my pocket
or it's like no bigger than my cell
phone so um when I do use a price I like
to make sure that it's a big purse first
thing that I always carry with me is my
makeup bag and I don't normally wear too
much makeup but you know just in case
all you girls know if you're sweating or
you know throughout their day your
makeup just naturally just wares out so
for a quick touch-up I always have my
makeup and in here I just carry the
simple things you know blush of course I
have to have make my mirror a Hello
Kitty mirror here um I carry like blush
you know mascara
you know eyelash curler which i rarely
use i just got this as a gift um a
girlfriend of mine just gave it to me
and i figured hey why not I don't really
curl my eyelashes just naturally just go
up eyeliner this is one of my favorite
pieces that I love to carry um I
actually got this from Avon their mark
line um so it's it's like this let me
show you see such half half of it is
mascara so look at all tiny it is so you
could just travel with you and it's a
purple um purple mascara I just
occasionally will wear it and then the
other half is I'm an eyeshadow angled
brush here so with this mark Glenn it's
really cool because if I just want to
carry the angle brush all I have to do
is just snap off this half which would
be the mascara half and wall off I just
travel with this or by first up I just
want to travel with my mascara again I
just pop it right off and move my
mascara it's like so small you could
meet with you anywhere and I always
always always always carry bobby pins
and hair ties habit I and bobby pin I
always carry these just in case you know
you never know what's going to happen
with your hair so just be prepared you
know I also have bangs so sometimes they
just get in my way so I always carry a
pun of bobby pins like they're always
bugging slink all over the bottom of my
purse all the time because I just carry
bobby pins and hair bands moving on what
else I carry my wallet I carry a wallet
and love big wallets and big purses um I
have quite a few cards here um so I like
a slot for everything I like everything
to be very organized and very out in the
open I don't like to like dig through
things and I just always want to be
prepared I was
to have things at hand so I carry this
um what else nothing really fun in here
oh one fun thing that I could carry with
me I actually carry my old college ID
card since we do a lot of like gorilla
forming um especially at school
sometimes you have to have permits to
film at a school so if we do ever get
cash a cot if you do ever get caught I
always lie and say oh this is like the
school project so I need to be filming
for school and then I like oh well show
me proof that your student so I go oh
sure mr. officer one second one second
and booyah I'm a student all over again
um I actually took off the tag that says
what year I'm King for that quarter what
models of court system so i took that
tag off said it's technically not a
valid ID anymore but whatever it gets me
out of blood tough situations so yeah
carry my purse but like ice men shin
earlier when I don't want to carry
anything which normally is about like
fifty or sixty percent of the time I
don't like to carry anything with me
outside of keys phone and you know debit
card or cash this is what I move it into
so I bought this at like a little
japanese market it's like the coolest
thing ever just because it's like it's
just plastic but it has like all these
credit card slots here so all I need to
do is just transfer stuff over the next
want to take with me for that night for
example um just put in your credit cards
they're so you stick it in here you get
your ID stick that in there um any cash
that you have you go ahead and put that
you know put it in here and it's
see-through so you can see what's in
there um see it it's about the same size
in my phone so I just carry this in my
back pocket and I'm ready to go um but
when I want to be more girly and I want
to carry a lot more stuff with me then I
won't carry this at all I will carried
in my purse go but I mean I'll empty out
those if you have the credit card put it
back in my wallet so I kind of just
interchange between the two depending on
the situation so like I said I like to
be prepared for anything and everything
so I always have my options carry my
options with me what else does oh this
is like my little emergency kit where I
carry like you know the essentials for
the life so I have the eye drops these
actually pick look in Taiwan and they're
like those asian mint tea time um that
are like very refreshing for the eyes
and they clear up the redness and and on
the moisturize everything so I
particularly love the Asian ones just
because visine and all those they don't
give you that mentholated feeling so you
don't feel refresh you just feel like
you're eyes are just lubricated uh my
period travel brush actually got this at
a hotel that I stayed in um and I just
thought it was really cool it's like
very simple you have your combs on the
side you know to part your hair or
whatever then you have the brush side
here um so I just carry this with me it
has come in handy a lot of times you
know when you're just you've been out
all day and your hair is kind of odd it
because it was a windy day and your
hairs all over the place so you just pop
this out comb it here and there and then
you look normal again so saving my life
um I have the usual hand side
or to go here um you know you never know
you might touch something yucky and
you're not around a place where there's
a toilet or a sink or water and soap and
stuff so it's always the security um I
carry this green tea moisturizer I think
it's just like a generic brand but it's
just really small I can just travel with
me and you know um your hands get dry or
your kind of having a nasty day I guess
I'm just pop the spread out there you go
also I carry blistex cuz you know
sometimes you had those nasty chapped
lips and there's nothing more
unattractive than chapped lips sorry if
you thought it was in and it was sexy
yup so please moisturize um this is
another thing I carry with me
