so today we are at Jason's house and we
are filming another tip for you guys but
this is going to be a lot more fun and
let me show you why so here we have
Jason here we have the ladies we have
miss science we have a sexy beast we
have this bug over here that's also
buddy and then you have the back of
Queen his head we have the side of Moses
face oh no just decide what's on your
face too um mint green tea skin good for
you thinking why is it on your face
though that's what she has oh please no
it's not um yeah and I'll just go be
here guys die roten all the guy eating
pizza we're playing Monopoly the lab on
a half that's a less hello kitty
monopoly oh my god so cute hello kitty
monopolies I want it up what's the money
but get the money okay it's whatever it
is yeah I trust an example playing spin
the bottle and realizing dishes fucking
oh my god who is so good hey Jodi need
well we're all gonna have all the guys
in the circle because we're gonna play
spin-the-bottle together oh my god
there's nothing but can I stay here Oh
tonight Oh God are you about its place
oh I want to play spin the bottle Jimmy
skunk me 20
