so I just found out about a secret many
McDonald's but they don't even know
about it I just found out about of a
mcgangbang and to demonstrate I have
Tiffany hi first you open the double
slap in the mcchicken oh she's okay wait
wait what is it what's yeah what is this
so say it you like so first it's a
mcchicken and you get a big couple and
you just put it in the middle like open
them in trouble and you're supposed to
put some mac sauce on top but then they
don't have it here yeah that's it flush
ok guys see you eat it now I can't
really move on me yeah my photos for the
win oh dang what does it taste like are
you one of them like chicken he's like a
mcgangbang a big thing okay mcgangbang
so that's what you make him a gang bang
now I'm going to show you a McCain so
I'm a gay is gonna be demonstrated by
our very own Joe Joe can you demonstrate
in the game the mick gay geo made up
this name because it was so weenie it's
just right it's just fries in the
hamburger if I don't care everything is
gay because it's delicious to me and
that is how you make them again I am
over
all right now actually being all alone
in the VIP area here this is actually
pretty dope theater I feel a future JK
show is going to take down in Riverside
for my River shot people's that is the
stage this is what we're gonna have all
the guest judges to actually where I am
um yeah so here's a preview of what the
show is going to be like little James
Brown in your life yeah it's gonna be
good times
I thought he's so cute
