good morning everyone it is 730am and
i'm normally up to at this hour but i'm
normally not stuck in LA traffic and
what I mean by LA traffic is my friends
out here is le traffic this is our rush
hour this is our morning traffic I am
NOT going any faster than like five to
10 miles per hour um right now we're
heading into downtown LA and it's going
to be like this up until maybe like 10
or 11 the reason why I'm going into
downtown LA is because I'm one of the
lucky winners to win having to serve as
a juror so that pretty much means my all
my days wasted so hopefully you don't
pick me as a juror and I can go back and
be productive at JK headquarters huh
have you ever been stopped at a freeway
for no reason we have every day in LA at
this time going into this direction it's
like this every time and going back home
in this direction or I guess that
direction there 10 10 actually this is
the 10 this is 10 west got over there 10
east god I want to be on that side going
back home cuz i hate very duty and i
hate this freeway
wow I just had to pay eighteen dollars
for freaking parking that's intense oh
this freakin jury duty thing better be
fun
