good morning guys just woke up the nice
change of weather because if you look
outside it looks kind of hazy like it's
gonna rain and I like that so you don't
get that much rain let me change the
settings on the camera real quick oh we
all get that much rain in LA so anytime
I see that it looks like it's about to
drown me yeah yeah all the waters gonna
come down and clean up the air let's go
feel real nice I love what looks like
that and and not to mention it's a
snowgo weather and since today I'm gonna
spend all their home attackman and he's
watching TV who's watching the Sesame
Street furchester hotel show and my bro
is sent some up real good with the
blanket and the pillow so he looks super
comfy you comfy huh
yeah you are is so comfy is so comfy
we're gonna go my deputy now not extreme
but very out of the ordinary with my
hair what are you gonna do you know me I
like to make bold moves
I go big so you know something drastic
is gonna happen to my hair today
fine are you gonna send me pictures and
updates yeah yeah this guy looks like
he's about to go to sleep though he's
got the droopy eyes America please
please go to sleep because I'm tired
when you sleep I get to sleep are you
gonna sleep soon they are droopy
okay and then I'll should I put them in
the crib okay just make sure to put like
a pillow or barrier here okay okay baby
it's just you and me and it gonna take
your nap you welcome it it's okay with
me because I'm very tired and I'll sleep
in asleep
I just turned over to check up on Tycho
any freaking fell over but he must have
fell over so slow or so softly that I'd
even notice it and he likes it he's not
crying or anything likes his position
you big puny you bikini oh yeah this is
Dean right now only like slams his right
hand just like my good boy with the what
is that what is does that mean dumb what
that means very good boy you like having
fun don't punch yourself it's gonna hurt
okay we're going right back to stuff in
there
fisting about that okay and we're going
right back this making herself just
hears oh give me hungry this little
court for him
so he doesn't run all over
I'm taking advantage of this opportunity
so that I cannot come out this uh
usually kids this morning nap at around
eight nine anyways so if I could not
come out that I get to sleep and I just
did a little bit more sleep and I'll
feel really good for the day so far it's
working getting tired
let's hell it relaxed got this long
being obvious I know you won't roll over
I'm gonna close these blind little bit
to just to make a little bit darker
cause this one too like a little bit
darker I got the noisemaker girl dijanna
any sound and I'm gonna set up my
blanket and we'll cover him too so it's
nice and warm
hopefully I can knock out for like a
good at just thirty minutes please
I feel so comfortable it's 816 awesome
you guys
so going on that but the little man is
now awake left at 9:00
is it took took me 45 minutes to feed
him let's see how long it's been I am
tired
Oh 954 dams I slept for 54 minutes
that's not too bad not bad at all
oh look at those eyes you're a
wide-awake young man you sure you don't
want to sleep another three hours but I
wouldn't mind you sure you don't know
three hours bikini looking lower
elephant
I moved the operation downstairs now and
what that's crazy
so I put this little man facing this way
so we can have toys and you can play
with them and somehow you turn all the
way around I didn't even see you I just
went to go pee for five seconds and you
turned all the way around how did you do
that
that's so cute me I saw that you're so
good already some waters not around I
like wearing her shoes she always buys
that buys the comfiest ding look how
soft that is super soft everywhere with
the help mr. Potato Head we have so many
toys in this house these dogs are so
lucky that their mom loves them so much
they just play and they get constantly
new toys you guys have so many toys and
you guys play all day I'm so envious
alright so before I can really lock down
myself here and play with them I have to
order some meal sometimes of my meal
reminder comes out of nowhere
what are you squeaking away over there
you crazy you know giant pepper cute guy
um the guy that the guy that makes my
meal preps she'll text me and then I
completely forget to place my order and
I have to place my order for this
upcoming week so I gotta go online place
my order so I can come in at the right
time and then
I'm a player taker all right now it's
time to change this little boy's diaper
oh ho you stuff you my finger in your
mouth you wicked crazy it's guys so
strong you're so strong
I don't really know if he made this
diaper change but he actually pieced so
much that sometimes if we just don't
change it anyways and we were like not
paying attention the pee will leak out
the size of the diaper we did give him
the next size up so he's wearing size
three now and it does a little bit
better but Oh as you can see when it
turns blue that means there's pee maybe
if a poopoo and it looks quite full so I
don't want to have it leak out all over
the place and this guy has about to pull
my fingers out of its socket
you're so strong Pecha did you know that
you're very very strong and very cute I
got into loded diper now be nice and dry
okay mr. good boy okay let's take the
show outside for a little bit get this
little man some Sun in this Sun his hair
actually looks kind of brown even a
little bit of red I don't know if you
can see that on camera but in real life
you look it's kind of brownish red
smells so good a little stinker look at
the Sun and it's nice and even and the
donkey's get to come out and play
you guys been cooped up huh you guys
been cooped up you guys want to run
around explore stretch those legs shake
it off good kids all right
that's how you know they're inside dogs
know cuz they barely came out for a
second you guys don't want to come
outside come outside fun Ricky get some
sign it's good for you all animals need
vitamin D there we go
cool close the door and just relax a
little bit it feels really nice even
though it's a winter time in California
it's never really winter this is
probably spring weather for people that
are in like the Midwest
with a little flower pull the little
flower
this guy's so strong I'm gonna rip that
flower off huh good boy
yeah it's probably it feels like a nice
5560 feels really good and I'm glad
Tigers like me where he gets hot fast so
you won't be cold and ease and long
speeds and socks anyways you like that
flower it's cool flower keeps reaching
for our flower BQE
maybe a little fuzz head a little
doggies love you so much
there they go again keep the plane
Tycho's really intrigued by plants and
the leaves and the flowers
do you like a leaf let me see a flower
let's move over where there's a flower
see the Rat King
 strikers brick industry whore
you ripped it up if we can destroy here
you crazy I got the Hulk okay crazy
alright no more playing with nature this
bull straight tour I just gave Tyco up
his second feeding of the day and he
killed six ounces that means I have to
fill up that bottle once and again Oh
Ammar bears facetiming hi my bear how's
your hair look in you can't hear me okay
how's your hair looking how's your hair
looking orange I thought you're going
for another color oh nice I just felt a
coma Lika can you see him I just fed Tai
Chi Malaika and he's smiling did you see
the smile at you did you see him smile
at you
oh is it let me see let me see if my
Wi-Fi is on I gotta see if my wife buys
on well my Wi-Fi is on why is this so
choppy damn it this sucks cuz I have
Wi-Fi here can you hear me now
that's nice
how much longer is it gonna be yeah
oh that's a long time are you gonna
order lunch then are you gonna order
lunch then yeah I miss you too my bear
bikini ok bye my bear hey this guy is so
calm did you like see mommy mommy's
getting her hair done after you eat
you're so calm now huh oh yeah you got a
little droopy eyes maybe you might even
take a nap or something huh sure might
give you a little blanket put this
little blanket on you put a little
blanket in case you want to take a
little nap can feel comfortable what the
hell is going on you just scrunched up
yeah put this on you I think well now go
ahead if not papa will hold you when
this guy gets tired he starts talking to
himself and so I try to put them in a
really comfortable position where I
wrapped him in so he won't squirm they
won't move anywhere they notice B feel
nice and snuggled up and cozy and but
he's grabbing this pillow and he's a
little strong I was just waving it
around so I didn't now see this is a
little toy down
don't go sleep what you want to put this
pillow you don't know you're very strong
you're gonna pull that out this is
what's keeping you nice and snug and
comfy yeah nice and comfy it's the
cutest cost on it
good boy I'll turn on the TV if you
wanna sleep you can sleep if you want to
watch it go watch it okay baby okay
Kimmy the little man needs a little bit
of help being put to sleep
I have them in my arms right now and
this guy's such a pretender you're
pretending like you can't go to sleep
but everytime I smile he's smiled about
well let me move this than the weight
can't really see his face again okay
hey watch she'll be crying right if I
make a face okay looking at my face but
you'll be living did I go any good it
goes back to it you know we could sneak
attack a cutie
so damn cute
the rhythm man is awake now so the man
is a week now
caterpillar man caterpillar man can't
man yet the pillar man shut up man yeah
man and grab it
I'd rather crap it this is why we try to
stimulate his arms we give him something
he likes and then we put it right here
close and we tap them with it and this
he reaches for it he perhaps it and then
we do that with the other arm and it's
like little bit of exercise see good job
now let's do the other arm okay there
pill there man other pillow man you grab
it and you reach for it you know which
foot oh you have it good boy you grabbed
it Wow see your arms that's so kidding
me what a good boy though smart you are
you're so smart you know these are arms
that is so smart
hey boy
he's so smart he's playing with himself
that's cue me every time he sees his
face in the little Mary he starts
laughing mommy's home let's see that
orange supposed to be yellow yeah
or white but because um my hair was
already a little bit damaged yeah
previous times yeah um she didn't want
to do another path to take out that
yellow to make it wider person it wasn't
damaged my hair I could feel um so
because it was yellow didn't catch on
the color so we're I'm gonna wait a
couple days go back do another round of
bleaching let me see your hair looks
lighter meal and also this top part will
be black yeah or darker and then the
rest of it would be like a gray silver
it looks nice already Thanks
I ordered foods should be coming soon I
post made it uh tender greens oh yeah oh
yeah come to mama
come to mama I was thinking on hearing
it up groups up to my mouth look you see
yeah you missed his mama
you missed your mama didn't you
I heard you laughing nobody was watching
you but I heard you like him by yourself
hey hey hey did you show them the video
you sent me I recorded on this one to
record entice me have you scratches face
oh thank goodness you guys did you get
his toenails - yeah dang you're awesome
Papa Bear is awesome oh he's been
waiting for that all day for his mama to
hold him
so the Babbitt Packer is sleeping yes
already know that monitor you know he's
over there we just put on my bed and it
couldn't be more perfect timing because
now it's adult hour and not at all hour
on that adult channel but it's adult
hour in parent terminology which means
the kids are asleep so let's eat some
 junk food
where'd you order papa what's going on
garlic string beans with chicken oh yeah
I got some stuff bling dopes don't bode
dump dump dump believe dumps Oh
pork chops shallow beezy
some shallow bzees you know what I'm
seeing are receiving and then what comes
at the old I like that I like that
that's what I like that's what I like we
need the vinegar
this is how you know your luxurious when
you order food from two places and turn
it up just right
I like how you never wear slippers and
the debut you have to steal them from me
because today was mommy day like you
were gone and then I put them on and I
was like what does it might be a mommy
and I'm ready to be a mommy tell you
that much
today imma bring some vinegar please I'm
a boob in here I'm gonna eat our yummy
meal I almost tripped over the carpet me
and see that oh we saw that and we'll
see you guys tomorrow
