hey what's up guys this is not your
normal video this is not of law this is
a completely different video and it's
based off of all the questions that I
get about how can I pursue my passion I
see what you've done online with YouTube
with JK with barbell brigade and that's
very inspiring to me and I want to see
if I two can also pursue my passions or
if there is anything outside of the
nine-to-five for me that I can do so
that's what this video is addressing if
you love your job if you're already
pursuing your passion then this video is
not for you go ahead and skip this video
and you can go and watch the regularly
uploaded and schedule of bale vlogs but
if you are looking for something else
for another option then this is the
perfect video for you and there is a
gift at the end of this video so stick
to the very end for those with this
entrepreneurial spirit that can really
help jump-start and possibly change the
direction of your life so the point of
this video is to show you guys at the
very least how you can make a full-time
living doing what you love just kind of
how I do with JK barbel brigade my wife
the Belle vlogs all my friends David Joe
how all of us and all the other
influencers that are on Instagram
YouTube Facebook how they are able to do
what they love online and make a decent
living office as far as I know no one
has really broken this down before on
how you can make a decent living without
having an actual job but these are the
exact steps that I followed in building
JK and at that company some might even
call it an empire and these are the
exact same steps and I fall on building
Bartle all the parallel barbell gym and
pretty much everything that I'm involved
in this all started when I read an
article by Kevin Kelly one of the
cofounders of Wired magazine when he had
this concept called the 1,000 true fans
and this completely changed the
perspective on how I view business I
used to think there's only three ways to
building a successful
business won an amazing idea to a crap
ton of money three this big huge stroke
of luck and without those three
successful business was unable to launch
and if you had one of those three things
or maybe two of those three things then
maybe just maybe you might be able to be
successful and because of that this
whole concept of building a business
seemed very impossible which is like
most people I went to college but when I
read about the 1,000 true fans concept
that completely blew my mind here's the
gist of it if you can get 1,000 people
in the entire world to be a true fan a
hardcore fan of you then you are set for
life
and it doesn't even matter what you're
interested in it could be sneakers it
could be Fitness it could be makeup it
could be about cars or guns it could be
about anything but if you can convince a
thousand people in the world to look up
to you about that information then you
are set for life
so let me explain what I mean by 1,000
true fans a true fan is someone who is
willing to pay out of pocket for the
product or services that you offer
because they like you so much but a
common objection that I always hear is
but boy I'm really really into fitness
but I'm not the strongest guy nor am I
the most knowledgeable guy why would
anyone buy any product or service that I
have to offer the truth is it doesn't
even matter what really matters is you
have to be unique enough where people
want to come and listen to you take most
of the fitness people on YouTube for
example there are so many people
offering online coaching there are so
many people offering fitness tips and
there are so many people offering
fitness brands but are they the
strongest no are they the most
knowledgeable no the most knowledgeable
are the ones attached to Olympic teams
professional sporting teams and the
strongest people are usually the
athletes competing at a high high level
like an Olympian who don't even have
time to make videos so how do all these
other people that aren't the strongest
or the most
knowledgeable make a living online they
found a way to relate to the common
person let's take something that a lot
of influence or sell t-shirts and let's
say you sell that t-shirt for 20 bucks
and let's say all 1,000 of your true
fans buy that t-shirt that's twenty
thousand dollars and if you do four
releases a year that is eighty thousand
dollars in your pocket this is just
basic math obviously and of course
there's the cost of goods there's a cost
of marketing there's a cost of
fulfillment there's always gonna cost
but I want to show you how quickly you
can capitalize on the 1,000 true fans
and also keep in mind eighty thousand
dollars is more than most people's
full-time income
take another product for example in
Fitness let's say you offer a program
for 50 bucks and all 1,000 of your true
hardcore fans buy that's fifty thousand
dollars if you can release that multiple
times a year that's either a hundred
thousand or even a hundred fifty
thousand dollars added to your overall
business and what I'm explaining to you
is what every entrepreneur is doing
online they are utilizing their 1,000
true fans to make a living online and
build a sustainable business they're
utilizing their 1,000 true fans so that
they can support them so that they can
continue doing what they love and
obviously I'm biased here because I've
been able to use YouTube to build a
couple of multi-million dollar
businesses and to me that's the perfect
career to be able to use social media
and Internet to help me pursue my
passion so that not only can I make a
full-time living for myself but for 40
other employees have been able to
provide jobs and help them be able to
pursue their passions as well and I
think that's pretty awesome
so this thousand people marked is what
you want to start with eventually you'll
build to 2,000 3,000 4,000 5,000 so you
can easily see how something like this
can scale and it goes from doing
something full-time to possibly in the
near future doing something to hell
you'll retire early so at this point I'm
sure there's a lot of people are asking
but is there any luck involved and of
course there's always a little bit of
luck was there a little bit of luck and
going to build JK was a little bit of
luck and going to build bard over gate
and the answer to those questions is yes
but luck isn't something that you can
build on skill is something that you can
build on and I want to focus on that so
I also want to prove to you guys that
there is a level of learned skill and it
comes from building more and more
channels so we started off with JK films
which was originally sketch comedy and
then when we realized that people wanted
to see behind the scenes of our sketch
shoots we opened up Jessica Tea Party
but because of the climate of YouTube
people didn't want to watch behind the
scenes anymore so that became more of a
challenge and more of a game show and
then we opened just kidding news because
people really enjoyed us speaking our
thoughts and in her opinions and it
seems like that it was just back-to-back
successes but we also did open ask the
fields and although it was initially
very very successful at the end we had
to decide to close it down so it does
show that there's it's not a straight
shot up for every single person and
they're definitely lessons learned with
every channel but from each one of those
lessons learned were able to take that
information and make each channel that
much better so we ended up launching
this channel which was just Jill's old
old channel we made it the official
valve locks we were able to get a
hundred thousand subscribers almost
overnight
so out of all the channels that we've
been involved in and open and even the
shows that we've been involved in did
some of them hit yes and did some of
them miss yes but the point to take home
here is that this is a skill that can be
built because the majority of the
channels were successful so now the big
question is how the hell do you get a
thousand true fans and I looked all over
the internet there's no one that
explains how to get a thousand true fans
everyone that builds a business online
tells you that you need it but no one is
telling you how you do it but the one
thousand
the exact ways that I David Joe everyone
else has been able to build their online
business and it's because of those 1,000
true fans people like me Joe David geo
and all the other influencers online
aren't able to make a living and live
their dream lifestyle and I want you to
be able to live your dream lifestyle as
well so if that's something you want in
your life I want to help you whether
that's to make enough money to travel
the world and see the world and make
content that way or just make enough
money to pay for rent
I want to help you guys out whatever
your goal is I do not want you to waste
your time on trial in there which is why
me and jump cut Academy teamed up to
create a systemized explanation on how
to get your 1,000 true fans and it's way
way more than we can fit in this video
because we filmed a step by step program
to teach you how to get that and you
can't get that anywhere else and the
best part of it is we are giving it to
you completely free just click the learn
button below and we'll send it to you
and for the right person this
information is gonna be completely
life-changing and I think if even just
one person changes their life direction
I think it was a complete success for us
I can't stress enough how this
information has been able to get me out
of a nine-to-five job or prevent me from
going to medical school which isn't
something that I even really wanted to
do but this isn't for everyone this is
for the person with a creative heart and
an entrepreneurial spirit and if this
sounds like you you should go check it
out now because we don't know how long
we're gonna make it available and the
reason is we don't reward people that
procrastinate so click the button below
and sign up and get that program for
free while you can see you guys in there
peace
