he was up guys do here today's gonna be
a short vlog I just wanted to apologize
to all of you guys that have been
messaging me about comments box I know I
haven't been doing it for a few weeks
now again due to the busy schedule as
you guys can see in my last scheduled in
my last video we had celebrated Joe's
birthday but we were still shooting a
skit the exact same day for example
yesterday we shot three and your skits
for you guys through justkiddingfilms so
i didn't have the opportunity to film
anything for you guys so I thought the
best alternative would be please just
leave me all the questions that you
would like to know about me and I will
be picking the most popular questions
and I will be placing them on my main
page of YouTube on the side column for
everyone to read those so thank you so
much for all your love and always all
your support you guys make me feel like
I'm worth a double sicilian dollars and
I really appreciate every single one of
you that wastes your time watching my
blog no seriously though I really
appreciate you guys and I only do it for
you guys because i always have a hard
time just saying things that are mildly
interesting in my life but you guys
requested i give it to you guys and your
feedback is amazing so thank you so much
for always strongly nothing but love
positive positive feedback support you
guys are just simply amazing and i wish
if you ever see me on the street please
please please just come up to me say
what's up give me a hug do what you know
just just be you don't be shy and i hope
to run into every single one of you guys
soon so take care until next time um wha
Oh one question that everyone is always
asking me what kind of car do you drive
so for all of these I would like to know
this is what I Drive I Drive a Honda
Accord 2008 interior leather interior
two door that's what coupe means and I
have it all curled out i have my hello
kitty here i have my Broadway mirror you
have to get one of these these are the
best mirrors to use you see everything
that is behind you um what else haven't
you I just came from a shoot with Hello
Kitty so I have all my hello kitty stuff
in here um yeah again hello kitty and
look at this thing I know if you can see
it but my windshield is cracked see that
long-ass line I don't know if you really
see it there's just like huge crack in
my front windshield that I need to get
fixed I was driving on the freeway I'm
going to work uh last year I think and
then this is what happened here I don't
know who they're honking it but yeah
don't look at that car's license plate
but here he were my fingers this is
where the impact was I think it was like
a nail and bolt that flew off a truck
and hit my windshield cracking it so now
there's like this big ass crap that just
goes all the way across my mirror and I
need to get that fixed ASAP or if
something else ever does hit my
windshield then holy crap it's all
caving in and falling into my eyeballs
so yes I will be fixing that Thun yeah
it's pretty clean this is a back seat I
want to lease it's here there's like a
big bird doo-doo all my window I don't
wash my car in a long time either
um what else it has has a sunroof here
you can see that awesome sunshine um
what else I don't know what else to tell
you about my car but yeah it's pretty
plain I don't like anything too fancy
shmancy in my car I don't like really I
really like people noticing that it's me
driving next to them so I try to keep it
as incognito as possible so for all of
you guys that have been asking what kind
of car drive that's what I derive a
honda accord coupe so stop being so
goddamn nosey I'm just kidding so that's
it that's all I do oh and today it's
free kick look at that 91 degrees
friggin of hotness today sucks too hot
okay
