hello everyone well today's damnit this
princess look at that diva and it's
actually Joe's birthday today but as
dedicated as Joe is and everyone else at
JK we are filming for his birthday and
this is a new upcoming stick that we
have for you we have Jason Chen with the
gayest umbrella
we have called da Tay P Diddy just
kidding
Bar Joe birthday boy Queenie doing some
random shit so we have this pretty cool
surprise for Joe that I will be showing
you shortly that he has no idea is gonna
go down it's been his lifelong dream
according to him so you're gonna see
what we're gonna do Jason what the hell
are you holding
so heading to our destination right now
to go into French Joe is actually in
that vehicle right there
omnia has no idea where he's going
everyone just keeps saying let's go
let's go we're gonna go so he has heads
up Cooper we're gonna eat the keeps
asking like wait where we going we're
going to eat so yeah he's in for a good
surprise I can't catch this reaction but
commie commentary from him later so we
have arrived here before birthday boy
and I wasn't lying
chucky cheese this is the second happy
the first one is Disneyland second one
is olesia transmissions so I can't wait
to see his reaction when his old ass
he's gonna celebrate his birthday at
Chuck E Cheese most people his age
celebrated in a club he's celebrating at
Chuck E Cheese I said wow how do you
feel this is cool cuz I always wanted a
Chuck E Cheese birthday and I never got
a Chuckie Cheese birthday I get to live
my five-year-old dreams now let's try to
go on without looking like pedophiles JK
team y'all the best Thank You Tina she's
the most creative in the birthday giving
weenie
Casey Bazaar cream and check this out
ball instead is I don't know why I was
never courted these are pretty damn
creepy
look at check the cheese this proves
he's like eight feet tall no lie
Wow freakin shown in this dream check
out this wing that's baby sighs my
fingers bigger than the lien hopefully
yeah who's here
jaison's of fatty why do all the it look
really really special but really special
can tell everyone maybe the people see
wiring the shooter
everything to enter
and this is that all those coins
sequence goddess may be borrowed child
is greater we each get one of these
amounts of pair of glasses the next vlog
on doing it's gonna be all like this
