see many days with my back whoa cry
finish his drink play out your heart and
I'd love to sing for you baby i'ma see
all night
hey whats up guys Gio here um so today's
actually a chill day for me not really
working not doing much but today is
gonna be something that I love doing and
not spending time with my loved ones
what I mean by that are these guys
there's Tyson and patches and today it's
a special day for them because they are
at a dog bark look at all that there's
bar I'll get all these dogs it's like
the best thing ever um you just see all
these different sized dogs are these
different breeds and it's a great place
for your dogs to become very socialized
and also if their indoor dogs like mine
unfortunately are they get a lot of
exercise and this works just really cool
because as you can see there's like a
lot of grass there's a lot of running
space everyone here is very respectful
and thugs and they're not on leashes um
they're just they just get along
everyone is a homey so it's really dope
to see this site have a special role
here you walk into the gate this fence
over here where you can see that lady
over there and see if he's here so you
walk you through that gate over there
and what you do you walk in with the
leash and then you have to take them off
their leash before you let them in
because that's when they are less
aggressive but you do have to keep the
collar on them and you always have to
pick up their poop so it's really neat
they show you actually how to do it let
me show you what it looks like this is
what you do what to do in case of poop
it gives you step 1 don't panic step two
step three definitely want to place your
hand inside the bag before picking up
the poop because it is gross and then
you just throw it away you provide dog
poop bags for you and then you throw
them away Tyson Anthony homie that guy
hey Tyson cousin doesn't even know I
exist he loves this place so for any of
you dog owners come on through i will
put the address in the description box
and yeah I love your dogs I love you
more than it a little more than anyone
else but beloved so check out all these
different breeds I love it oh and for
there's one and for all you small itty
bitty dog owners they have a special
part for you and it's right next door
check it out this is for the big doggers
the big pups see you all the big guys oh
there's another one see have a greyhound
but then either for the itty bitties
they're really really cute so they
separate them they accommodate to
everyone of all sizes so there's the big
guys good guy little guys so cute you
have like he cups miniatures chihuahuas
you need it they're all tiny when you
gotta watch out not everyone is a
responsible owner so this sometimes poop
on the floor so it's kind of discussing
watch your step those I don't even know
what kind of breed that is what is that
like a dead guy I've never received that
before
this is where they all drink water how
you like coming to the dog park part I
love it why did you get to see all these
happy dogs running around like that what
I think this guy she doesn't like when
people sniff her butt though
that's how they say hi they sniff each
others butts look at her she's better
now if that guy's cute Tyson man was he
doing hey guys it's all over his mouth
though oh it's on the side to talk so
far let's love everyone's so happy here
please please please bring your dogs
here
you
