hey what's up guys geo here um so for
the past two weeks so I've been driving
this is the only time I actually have to
haul today but for the past two weeks or
technically in the past eight days I've
been taking an improv class and I've
been taking theirs to fun two forms of
improv that you can take their short
form in this long for and I was taking a
long long form improv class at UCB which
stands for upright citizens brigade
improv class it was a one-on-one plus it
was just the basics is my first time
ever taking it and like I said there's
two forms a short form in long form i
was taking the long form and the long
form pretty much is they just do a
suggestion and you start from Ground
Zero you start from that suggestion so
normally the way it worked with us it
was um you know we introduce ourselves
and then we get a suggestion from the
audience so then the audience would say
orange and then we go in our own heads
and then we just think of stories or
anything that is related to an orange
for us so for example I'll just walk you
through the thought process so the
audience suggestion is orange orange
makes me think of a tropical punch which
makes me think of summertime so then I
come up with a monologue or story of
this crazy summer that I had when I went
fishing with my dad so then I'm
explaining my story to the audience
while my team members which is about
like five to eight people in the team
um they hear my story right so then I
continued on like yeah I used to go
fishing with my dad down in like baja
california and i remember this one time
you know when you're young you really
see your dad is like a role model so
then you know when he took when we were
on a boat he didn't take motion sickness
pills so that he started vomiting all
over the place and I was horrified
because it was like my first time soon
my first time on a boat it was my first
time fishing with my dad and then I get
to see this and it was the most like
disgusting thing I've ever seen I was
terrified and I was like I'm gonna die
today so as I'm explaining that um my
team members are thinking of different
scenarios that they're going to play on
stage so then nobody knows that I'm
going to tell this story nobody knows
what's going to happen next so I walk
off stage or I walk to the back and then
um my friends begin improv E or not my
friends about my group they begin
improving or what we like to play like
what we like to call is play so then
normally it begins the scene will begin
with two people one person walks on
there pretty much the person that has
the initial idea of what they're going
to do so the person will walk up and
then they begin acting out the scene not
not the scene that I just talked about
they don't act out the story they just
act out what they found funny in my
story so it could even be something like
the first guy walks on and he bars and
the second person walks on has no idea
what's going on but just plays along and
they begin barfing so the whole thing
could just be of a person barfing and
it's the greatest thing because it's
like we never know what's going to
happen
um so it's just a lot of fun because
it's like it's like remember the time
when you were young and like we knew
where kidding you guys would play tag or
you would play lava and what lava is for
those of you that don't know it's when
the ground that you're standing on is
hot lava and you try to do everything
you possibly can to not die in this hot
lava so um you try your best to just
jump on couches jump on tables jump on
anything that is not the lava so that
you don't die and that's pretty much
what we do in our heads when we improv
we create this world in our heads that
is real so if we want to start saying
that we're Harry monkeys then we're
going to play it to the top of our
intelligence and we're going to be
monkeys in real life and no one's going
to say what the hell you're not a monkey
or just geo but then as soon as you do
that then the fantasies gone and no
longer can we play the improv game so um
in the beginning I had a really hard
time while with the improv cuz i guess i
didn't know this about myself but I'm a
very controlling a structured person and
if there is an organization in my life
then I panic and I tried it and I try to
get the organization there and in with
improv um check out this sweater that I
got just on a side note it says here
don't think and it's an official UCB
sweater I can't show you the back so I'm
obviously driving but that's basically
the model of
UCB it's don't think just play so
because I was constantly thinking of oh
my god I have to be funny what am I
going to say I'm not created enough like
what am I going to do to drive this
story it's like I already messed up the
scene so um I had to learn a lot about
myself and in working with
justkiddingfilms I really need to learn
to not think so much so I find out
looking in the camera I'm just trying
not to die hence why i'm also wearing
glasses so that I don't have to stare
right into the camera just a little
trick but um but yeah so in the
beginning I was having a very hard time
because I was just thinking way too much
I was thinking of the beginning of the
story the end of the story and the
middle of the story and I was thinking
okay this person says is how am I gonna
react but we don't know what each other
is thinking or how we're going to view
the story because I might be pretending
like I'm sitting on a chair but the
other person might see it as me sitting
on a rock and as soon as they start
saying that I'm sitting on a rock then
my story in my had changed so i have to
go along with what they're saying so um
it was a lot of fun I got to meet
fabulous talented amazing people along
the way there were just people there
that we're trying to get over stage
fright or people there that you know our
actors and are going to do nothing and
improv but they just wanted to learn a
different form of acting because I mean
it all is tied into acting um there was
just people there that we're just taking
it just because they were out of town
and out of the country and they just
wanted to just throw themselves in
something completely new which is
completely admirable of all these people
that are not pursuing improv and that
are doing it so um there were all people
young people there were all ethnicities
it was an amazing amazing time and I
can't wait to take to a one
later in this video I will be attaching
a just a snippet of my graduation show
that was just this Sunday so yeah after
those eight classes while we perform in
front of our loved ones and we just
display what we did get to learn in 88
day in those eight days each class was
about three hours so it was the funnest
class I've ever taken um I love school
I'm not going to lie love school but
this goal for this class was by far the
best no homework and all we do all day
is just play games and it wasn't games
like you know duck duck goose it wasn't
indicating that it was games to help you
with memory to help you with attentive
listening to help you with detail to
help you with storytelling just to help
you with everything that you need to be
an amazing improper so um I can't wait
to take the next class and I wish I
could have just recorded everything for
you guys because it was just an amazing
experience so for any of you guys are
just wanting to try something new and
different i highly recommend going to
upright citizens but great bug I always
get stuck on that word upright citizens
brigade or UCB as they know it now it's
a very famous school you know a lot of
the people from SNL have taken a lot of
comedians have taken it um so it's a
very great school to be a part of or
just you that one or just you guys that
want to pursue things and acting or if
you guys want to end up on SNL or unsure
shows like 30 rock 30 rock or um what's
the other one
uh what's that other show I can't think
of it now but yeah you know it shows
along the one with the seasons re what
the hell is that show I can't think of
it or anything like the office you know
there's like a lot of these things that
when you're acting in comedy that you
know it's just going to call for a scene
for you to improvise and you know you
know you can make it funny so you guys
interested at any of that I will be
putting a link and information about how
to enroll used to be I don't work there
I don't get a cut i don't get anything
but I just believe like I always tell
you guys anything that I believe in I I
just push it out there and I hope that
it gets the exposure that it needs um
yeah and I just I just hope all of you
guys can benefit the way i have from
taking this so please yeah try it and
yeah enjoy the little snippet so I have
actually reached my destination and now
it's time for me to get back to work so
bye guys the next time
I just like going to Matthew questions
she's hoping I'd like so the other day
I know you I wanted to arrest you and I
found it has himself
I know I ate it it was delicious
Mary bread
yeah it was
yeah all the time I find happy in the
bag of chips
chief gum
