hey whats up guys so today is going to
be a little different video it's more of
a thank you video to all of you guys who
have been sending me were cool items um
and I just wanted to shout you out and
show you appreciation for going out of
your way and sharing some love and
sending me some cool things so um for
right now I want to think there we go I
want to thank Bob clothing out of Boston
for sending me this awesome shirt check
that out it's a really really dope shit
can't wait to wear it especially cuz my
favorite color is pink so there it is
Bob clothing be sure to check them out
on these send me a few shirts and I'm so
stoked to wear these especially because
I don't have enough shirts so thank you
fall clothing um here that's them there
another one that I want to say thanks do
is out of Canada ee 5 clothing for
sending me the dopest shirt I've
received thus far um so everyone knows
that I go by do my full name is jovanna
but i go by geo and there's also a car
um that is geo but they got a little bit
creative with my shirt and try to what
they did look at that customized do
shirt and um Joe actually got one too
Joe Sean want your way GI joe joe this
is just kidding films on it that badass
right so on top of the dope ass shirt
that I can't wait to rock because I'm so
narcissistic I love wearing geo all of
them um I also got this awesome zip up
hoodie check this out it has my initial
on it look at that g 4g 0 or g4 gangster
which i prefer and last but not least i
got this other cool shirt from SS screen
pill screen printing and look at this
another customized shirt it's just
kidding films on it you know old english
font pretty dope and it's a gold on
black you can never go
wrong with gold on black represent and
where when I go out to shows so thank
you for everyone um that set me cool
things I can't wait to rock them and i
will also be putting if you guys like
anything that you guys just i will be
putting the links in the description box
so that you guys can check out and i'll
also support them and then if you guys
see anything that you guys like pick it
up so again thank you for when it sends
stuff and have a good one
