this nation to stare at a second hotel
and this one's a lot less moving than
the one last night check it out look at
the bathroom not too bad not too bad I
know I showed you some better ones in
Taiwan oh that's the tub so six people
there's car and into bit three guys
three girls probably know for sure
someone's going to be sleeping on the
phone ain't gonna maybe just same but
Queenie doesn't matter if it's a bed or
chair and hear it separated so if i
wanted to take it down boy take a shower
I can do it see you can take a shower
and I can take a dump in no infidel it's
definitely not bed number one where I'm
sleeping or bed number two where Joe is
but he's not sleeping there yeah yeah
and then just view of outside which
isn't much but it's 1245 and I haven't
even know you breakfast yet so whatever
for now I'm starving 100 buses gummy
bears I already got this horrible i know
but there's a space in downtown penis
right now i am at a college
got a site throat
I'm right next to
I will be doing a lot of
I'll be controlling a lot
we applied
son
for the show
so i will be playing all the video i'll
be controlling of all the video that can
be played for the guys that's the stage
that they'll be on right sorry didn't I
reflection but right there they'll be
there it's about 500 people that are
going to be here too packed house
tonight and this is my station here I'll
be controlling all the video she's gonna
be a fun show I'm really nervous I was
going to just for them before so I'm so
happy
oh I'm actually sitting next to the
sound guy here he's not here right now
obviously but yeah we'll be sitting
together I'm sorry he's the lighting guy
and then the sound person will be on
this side see and then they'll be
controlling all this sound so I pretty
much have to queue then when to try on
the lights when to turn off the light
went to handle all that stuff so if I
mess up timing on any of these things
than the show feel really really bad so
the show just ended so I finally have
some breathing time and I came out here
to say what's up to the ladies at our
March table um I walk out here just
because they're going to have like an
autograph meet and greet thing there
behind me see that line that rope when I
walk out here I see this and I think
it's awesome look at that sold-out show
it was a show with cholo adventures and
of course my boys of JK
that's intense
how
finally having a late night dinner at
southpoint and so dope look at these
prices they have this thing called late
night specials and forget how much
everything costs we have like two
pancakes for 145 two eggs hash browns
toast to 45 we have a new york steak for
395 like how awesome is that and then we
have let's serve 24 hours but primer
1295 and actually really really good you
get more than we
max of the round table Bart closest
meanors q
si si q and jay b g 0
