good morning so the camera that I'm
using right now you guys didn't know I
dropped he's being super glitchy and
that was about a week ago right yeah it
was a week ago and it's slowly dying so
I'm looking to get another one and I
hate it that I dropped it usually it's
Bart so when that drops and I'm always
on his ass this time I dropped it and
that's what I get instant fucking Karma
but anyway I guess I say that the hell
they're just running around the table
can I just blog please anyway I say that
just in case this vlog comes out all
fucked up it's because I messed up and I
dropped the camera but yes it's morning
time and I have the white noise and in
full effects because every morning
neighborhoods really quiet the house is
really quiet so you can hear when people
get up and they're talking this up the
dogs go bonkers and since there's
serious like pack animals if you like to
stay with us so they go upstairs
wherever we're sleeping that's where
they're kicking it so they go upstairs
to hear the noise and they start barking
but when I have this guy on then it's
really good and they don't bark as much
or just at all but another thing is I
made the dire mistake of giving this
bitch she really is a bitch by
definition and meatloaf and gravy I feed
them you know table food or human food
and I got diarrhea so I had to leave
this door open for them because that's
their little doggy door because I didn't
want any accidents cuz I think like two
days ago or whatever um we had a major
accident where fawn like had diarrhea
all over our kitchen floor has been
clean since then but I wanted to avoid
any of that nightmare Dukes happening
again so I left the store
but what I did was I had to close and
seal this area off this little old there
with this cover since but it's there's
such a pain I swear so I had to cover it
because at night if they hear the noise
I was just talking to you guys about
earlier then they go outside and they
start barking and then our neighbors
because they're not little dogs the bark
isn't little the bark is huge and our
neighbors get really really pissed they
call the city because they're tired of
it and then we get complaints and it's
just all bad so I had to cover it but
what I would I didn't mind because this
is a garage the dogs are at the house I
think he has two Oakley playing well
anyway she actually pooped here and that
was okay because then we get to roll up
the garage door and then you know hose
it down but why am I telling you all
this I hate that it tell you guys
stories all the time and then and this
my train of thought or I lose why I even
started telling you this or in the first
place and I've done this in several
vlogs I don't know what's wrong with me
but yeah that's in my morning so far oh
yes yes that's I was gonna say
meatloaf now has diarrhea so have to
leave this open but now it's okay
because I'm home so I can regulate that
door and when they bark so I'm leaving
that open letting him run in and out
because now he has a diarrhea huge
mistake just gonna stick to the regular
diet of just dry food and occasional you
know raw raw chicken because that cleans
out their digestion but yeah that's my
morning so far so Tigers still sleeping
but I'm in our guest / office room and
I'm getting some fun this is my work
station right now I'm just getting my
work done and so far this is how I keep
my eye on tyka I don't hear any crying
or anything you hear I have their white
noise in his room too but yeah nothing's
going on
he's due to wake up and about like 10 to
20 minutes so I'm just counting down the
minutes this guy Tyga this boy of mine
he is like he has an internal clock
that's in Shane
like it's to the dot like if he went to
sleep so he's every like three hours
especially at night so if he went to
sleep I'll say one he's waking up at
3:00 right that's right yep you're
looking up a three oh my god
I'm a mess yeah so he's waking up at
3:00 on the dot
not like 310 something just popped up oh
that thing just popped up I don't know
where Tonya's booking cameras coming
apart but um yeah so yeah he wakes up on
the dots up I know that he went to sleep
at 6:00 so yeah it's like 852 he's due
for a like to wake up like hit in eight
minutes
I swear if he doesn't wake up within
eight minutes something's wrong but this
boy his stomach he's not man he eats so
much so much who knew fucking kids eat
so much anyway I'm gonna finish my work
thanks Briggs always be by my side
thanks fun is that you me though what no
you're not meat loaf you're fine that's
meat loaf how did it mix it up you guys
don't look alike but you really do look
alike
cute boy his tail is healing nicely
though doesn't bother him at all the fur
is growing back let me see
good boy good boy look at his tail these
little nub
you little good boy and these girls damn
you guys play too damn much okay what
are you running for okay he'll probably
be back you coming back no he laid them
we lost them
okay you guys need to stop stop it go
outside and play there good
all right so tyka ended up waking up
when i said he was gonna wake up exactly
9:30 on the top was hungry but um
luckily my mom was there so that she can
feed him and now I am at JK party I
don't know who that is
it's only the coolest person ever on
Anna Cristina channel you know if you
subscribe to that channel just
unsubscribe if you subscribe to that
channel you should definitely tell them
that you like Kristina more and you
should tell me I had to get off yes he's
just a camera hog game he doesn't listen
to watch damn I tried to record
Christina all the time uh-huh uh-huh
she's just always out home naked I can
never lager
oh no the fans want to see that right
and you're like not a kid pregnant mom I
don't know I know there's porn for that
so I'm not into that but then you know
people like oh my god why are you
instead too much and I do not want to be
on camera anymore okay
I think I think it's uh now it's time to
go to work guys Wow work rights on the
work well look at that sticker though oh
that's nice
alright yeah well as they do that well
which I have to be part of that meeting
the guys over here are setting
everything up and I swear they're
setting up they're not just sitting
there doing nothing
you'll meet a very hard I didn't make it
it was already made I just make it right
yeah yeah yeah yeah oh yeah yeah but
it's dope flippin rubberband shootout oh
wow you're gonna be a hater like
everyone else Wow
alright just a sneak peek of what we're
gonna film tomorrow we're playing rubber
band cheetah and this is basically the
camera setup so no caste knows anything
really it's literally just how the
cameras gonna be set up this is called
drum leader and it's showing you all the
positions of the camera and then how
cast will sit and then the cast that'll
be in it here is get a movie dub we have
a TV here two people sitting and then
the cast behind them cameras set up in
front of them it even sells you the wide
is this one and then lyric up we have a
host tables cast cast and then the cast
members we're playing this one and then
table tabled khas khas khas khas khas
cast and then camera set up but yeah so
that's what we're doing today I'm not
really doing that part I'm doing more of
the conceptualization of the games and
talking about what games we'll play and
not really trying to understand the
games because I'm not a big cheetah
I don't like cheating and it's just take
your party there's no reason to cheat so
um yeah we're just putting together
games so that we have stuff to play
every single shoot day so I'm gonna get
into my mediums you pretty much a light
test I'm like make up beat and then the
rest of us kind of have to copy that
person and so then once we kind of get
going with our rhythm that you
come back into the room and your jobs
gonna figure out who is the leader who's
starting to beat and to help us we're
gonna switch the beat every 20 seconds
so that's how the game works
all right so okay maybe uh shit how am I
gonna tell them to come back in boy
yelling so I can walk over there what
the hell hey Geo I think you should be
the Terminator no you should be the drum
leader I should be the drum room I don't
want to trouble eat I'm gonna try to do
as minimal as possible because I don't
want to know how to pray what was your
rap name okay it's your IGN named okay
got it
so the reason why I selected him was
because you know he has rhythm because
used to be a rapper so do you play with
it
oh that's already you did that did you
press it I just found it those okay cool
how are we putting it on our laps or
what so I guess we're just gonna follow
whatever you guys okay fuck you could be
any kind of yeah always breathe I'm out
of my body
yes so we all just have to follow you
but we can't like look at him because if
we're all like looking at and it's
obvious hey so we all started now here
he comes in yes who's the job leader
I figured out a loophole in the game
though was gonna stop Shawn from naming
every single person okay and this is how
we test it that's obvious
I was not often the first one because
shoot your beat was like cuz I was like
trying to figure out what he was doing
without actually looking at him I'm
looking at anyone else either because I
didn't want to seem like so I was like
well I'm trying to figure this rhythm
out but I can't locate anyone because
that's gonna make it give it away and
it's like well when that was now I got a
strategy how a trickshot do you think
three tries is too much it should be too
we have four people in all right should
do it one more time should be someone
else I'm mad fuck though why as I change
the beat and you know the next time I
changed it back doesn't matter you're
their leader
lose the weight so now she got did you
see what I kept looking I'm not playin
convolving cuz I'm saving it for I guess
once I think I'll come back in alright
no yeah well shout out Pablo
who's gonna be the be the leader Michael
water how did you know Pablo looking in
right when he changed it and then he did
something that was totally weird
everyone else has to pay attention to
who the guest was looking at right yeah
yeah this one's hard really hard you
know I'm gonna save it I'm gonna say
what Rashid did you try no you don't
think so I think so a little bit but I
guess we'll see you after Brandon then
alright alright who's starting it
alright Sean
so if I was going like this right in the
changes you know like really simple I
was trying to just add one more
maybe you guys should move like
everybody just like yeah like really get
into it no it's whatever you want it to
be do you play any instruments oh yeah
that's already alright check it out
remember us telling you guys that we
were remodeling the barbel side well
it's almost done so jinda from San
Francisco helped us out his interior
designer we're gonna get more white
boards there we took those ones off but
she put on all this really cool turf and
they're really liven the place up and
over here we have a little mini
storefront so every time we get a new
release we'll put it out here this is
our last rebirth collection as you guys
saw some of the classics and this is
that new new that's gonna be launched
Black Friday as well as some bottles and
stuff moving on over here
see my Birds s is here and still in have
a desk here we also had this meeting
table yeah and then printer and stuff
over there did you see that
Oh No yeah printer and just printer and
supplies will go in there yep
fridge snack area snacks would be sorted
Matt theme then this is like evident in
says while the price the price was
before this was actually leftover from
those those customs those pieces that
they cut and then she was like wait well
this is here say I wasn't there but yeah
I'm assuming this is the hub which she
said oh we can use this here oh and it
fits perfectly so she put it down
anything with the scope is it like it
cascades down yeah support it's pretty
much a whiteboard he could write on him
with the marker that's the reason why we
even moved that table here because we
didn't we had this big old TV that we
weren't utilizing this early why don't
we bring the table here and bada-bing
bada-boom
was it I thought it's my idea okay well
it was your idea this is what I'm
looking at right now can you have logs
like this you're disgusting
oh my dad do you like this you're gross
this is a dead end
now you weren't just kicking it there
you were scratching I saw this I saw
some guitar you that's what I saw
yes don't be jealous I'm not jealous
I've seen what's in there
I'm not jealous villain gross I hope
it's not more than what I felt it's my
second shower my second charger what was
the first one sick good job everybody
so yeah yeah we'll see you soon all
right well now we've completed all of
our meetings for today and I got a straw
that life um so now I get to go see my
boy I'm so excited I can't wait to smell
him even though he's a little stinky it
I can't my disability driving home now
and this is crazy there is a ton of
smoke on the freeway
I don't know if there's a fire over
there or a car I hope everyone's okay
yeah like just getting onto this freeway
this is a detour we don't come this way
but we had to because another entrance
to the freeway
um there's like the hillside and that
whole thing was on fire we could see
firemen like like hosing it down because
there's like fire everywhere like I
don't know what this one is now yeah I
don't know if it's because it's like
super dry and everything is very it's
hot as hell in here just me yeah I don't
know if it's dry or everything's super
flammable or something but there's a
cloud of a big old cloud of smoke right
there and there was one all the way back
there you can't see now so there's just
flames everywhere and the LA traffic is
already bad we're trying to go home to
see our boy Tyga as long as everyone's
okay I think that I'll be fine
oh man and then there's that recently
there was that big old fire in NorCal -
yeah it's like burning people's homes
okay I'm not gonna get on the 60s
yeah I think it's probably long to 16
because we usually take the 62 it's
getting thicker and thicker
what's going on
do you know how to get home if we don't
take the 60 yeah oh it's like right down
there yeah look at that right here all
these flames
you see flames and smoke damn what is
going on there's a tunnel right there
you see it all in between the smoke and
everything oh my goodness oh it's
billowing holy guacamole
I should have gone that way wow that
better vlog footage I don't know we're
trying to go on as you type it I know
the traffic's pretty intense I'm gonna
to have to take the streets everywhere
yeah you know to get home it's great
yeah okay well just wanted to share that
with you guys because it's not every day
you see a fire on a freeway which is
good that's a good thing yeah back at
home now with the boy and I have my
shirt off cause it's hot I should
probably turn on the AC but being in the
office all day kind of the fluorescent
lighting and all the ACL it's artificial
environment I like just at least been
able to get fresh air so I open the door
so the fresh air cuz I'm in it just
feels better even when I Drive home from
the office I usually drive with the
windows down just so I can get some
fresh air what are you looking at oh I
was talking to our boy
oh I'm teaching a lot of tough yeah you
be cute
what a cutie pie Steve the trainer mom
now yeah okay
why mama mom where are you going
you freak the little coyote bring these
hell of a lot the meatloaf is alert
patty yourself he was sleeping I didn't
wake him up on purpose and you were
playing around and you woke him up so
grandma bear had the hardest time
putting this guy down and okay now he
looks like he's going down again and I
did a good job now I'm able to put on
the sleep he was seeking for maybe like
30 minutes and then pop I started going
a bit wheezy the Poway to that and woke
this kid up and now he's responsible for
putting them to sleep well anyway on
that note it is time that we start
wrapping it up
I'm start getting ready for bed and we
call it a day thank you guys so much for
watching Monday I hope you guys have a
beautiful day see you guys tomorrow yeah
