so today I'm gonna have two empty spots
here but never care and I'm just gonna
pull them out that's two box here
shooting one you just get today I will
be a nurse with lethal weapons I am in
costume right now I'm wearing this pink
robe because I'm totally embarrassed to
be out in public in this ridiculous
costume so I read this to cover it up
but right now we are just shooting
Barton Joe scenes so I'm not up yet but
you know we're just waiting out here and
it's a lot of waiting when we shoot but
look we have everyone doing their job
Nina's actually traffic control she's
the one stopping all the traffic we have
Bruce on food or sound we have Jason is
one of the characters I have Casey who
Jason is good and we have the rest of
the crew there I'm just waiting I can't
wait to do my stuff I'm gonna look bad
ass I'm gonna have like Glock I'm gonna
have shame then it's gonna be too legit
to quit
