hey guys welcome to the episode of
comments box thank you so much for
tuning in thank you so much for your
support um and let's get started since I
know last week I didn't have a chance to
get to your questions and I didn't make
a comment box so let's get to it first
comment comes from woo Ram one but if
you're Korean then it would be woodham
would um huh looks on a male if it's Lou
ram one sorry if I'm saying rude on but
I think budem sounds cool so what I'm
one says hey Geo I was warning if you
were going to make a t-shirt like Bart
because I'd 1,000% by one the whole
justkiddingfilms should make one eyed by
everyone and wear it and represent
justkiddingfilms everywhere I go people
say I have nice style of dressing so I
will be rocking just kidding films for
you guys in LA thanks for everything no
don't thank you for everything because
that just means it's so much to us that
people just really support the whole
justkiddingfilms movement we really
appreciate it and actually um yeah why
not make a shirt you know I would love
to make sure for myself but I'm not I
don't really have time to think of my
own design and not really have any
designs right off the top of my head
that I would like to have or draw or
create or have done out there so so we
have a question from Aisha 54 one hottie
who do you look up to and also what film
is your favorite nyesha smiley face so
nyesha ms hottie um I ultimately look up
to my parents just because they
immigrated to this country not knowing
the language not knowing the culture not
knowing anything around here and they
really made a good life for themselves I
look up to them I admire them for
raising a child like me because
seriously I'm a frickin I'm a handful
I'm a handful for a lack of better words
what is my favorite film um i actually
have quite a few of them for example i'm
a big fan of kevin smith the director
Kevin Smith if you guys don't know who
he is look them up I Kyle I like that
sense of humor I also like a lot of
mafia movies like my favorite ones would
be like you know Goodfellas Scarface I
also love a lot of foreign films old boy
is a Korean one that I really really
like it's just an amazing film I also
enjoy a French movie called a league and
um our german movie called run lola run
I mean there's so many movies that I
really enjoy and I can't really just say
that I have one favorite movie because
there's just so many different genres I
can't put my finger on it so anything
with a very interesting story I enjoy or
anything that is just like sitting
cinematically amazing I totally
appreciate and admire and because also
since just kidding films does make
somewhat of short movies I can really
appreciate all the hard work that goes
into producing a movie into directing
writing acting all of that so I I know
my answers are pretty ambiguous and I'm
sorry but I am a lover of all things and
I appreciate a lot of things and I hate
to put myself in a box so yes I don't
have one favorite movie but I have a lot
of movies that I like so nyesha 1i ms
hottie I hope I answered your question
and you also have a follow-up question
comment actually and it reads also wish
you the best in your studies as well in
life in general good luck and take care
thank you ms hottie you are so sweet
thank you so much i wish the same for
you thank you thank you thank you mr.
teenage gurus why don't you ever answer
me oh ok that's the first comment or
question ok ok I've missed three times
but that's ok you will answer my
question in comment box for yes yes what
is your opinion on Justin Bieber yo no
lie justin bieber is freaking adorable
she is the prettiest girl I have ever
seen I
her hair is amazing isn't it isn't it
I'm just kidding no seriously though I
really enjoy Justin Bieber he's a very
talented young man and he has such a
bright future and I'm so happy that he
signed under rusher because I think
there was like a thing between Justin
Timberlake and then uh sure but I think
he made a really good choice with going
on the usher out just cuz dude usher is
amazing this guy is like a diamond
recording artist he's not platinum
anymore he's just so badass he went
diamond this kid really had a dream he
he he's a pioneer he really saw um his
goals at a really young age he saw his
calling at a really young age he also
came from YouTube so hey all of you
artists out there all of you people with
talent all of you people with a dream
youtube don't sleep on it don't sleep on
YouTube you never know who's watching so
I love Justin Bieber next comment comes
from puma RDS and it says saca el
petroleo um honestly I speak Spanish I
speak Korean I speak English and right
now I'm learning Mandarin but honestly I
don't even know what that means I think
it's like a I don't know what does that
mean Sokka it petroleo does that mean
like you know poor put oil in it like
like give it all you got type of like is
it like a I don't know please let me
know what that means next question comes
from 5902 to 10 10 and they ask hey geo
are you only attracted to guys that are
your height or taller have you ever
dated someone shorter than you honestly
here we go with the ambiguity again um
it's really rare for me to just pick
someone to go out with based on their
height um yes height does play a factor
in it but it's not the make-or-break
factor I actually have dated people are
shorter than myself
my very first boyfriend in high school
was I think he was like 56 57 and i'm 5
11 and i think i was 5 11 in high school
as well so he was very short like my
shoulders here and he was like literally
up to here and we were together for
about a year so um hi Willie doesn't
doesn't really do anything for me I
never let myself and I never want to say
I only date guys taller than me because
I'm pretty confident in myself so yeah I
don't really need someone to be taller
than me for me to feel comfortable I
have a comment from future mrs. Eberle I
hope I said your name I'm sorry these
names are very very tricky she says hey
don't worry about ugly duck syndrome I
had that too we hotness now and let me
tell you I looked at your default
picture you're pretty damn hot that's
true last comment comes from yet again
5902 to 10 10 and it says hey Geo what
are the language do you speak right now
besides English also you are beautiful
can you say it in the park you parking
accent I heart after women curly right
now I speak Korean i speak spanish and i
speak the obvious english and like I
mentioned earlier I am learning I am
learning Mandarin so pretty soon I'll be
able to talk to the whole world because
the most spoken languages in the world
are Chinese Spanish and English so
always keep writing all these keep
learning exercise your brain um so again
thank you so much for all of you that
were submitting your questions and your
comments I really appreciate it and it's
always fun doing this and sharing my
life with you guys thank you much love
and bunny ears bieber fever
