hey guys what's up just literally got
home from a very busy day today it's
only one o'clock and already I have done
so much so for example today i woke up
at eight in the morning yeah not a big
deal i know i woke up at eight in the
morning and i actually went back to
school I've been out of school since 07
I graduated and I got my college degree
I've received my bachelor's degree back
in 07 so I'm going back to a junior
college of all things was very odd to me
because I saw like a bunch of you know
newbies there that just literally
graduated high school and and they're
barely entering the whole university
college life so it was I really felt
like an oldie for one and then two it
was just like wow I remember where I
remember when I was in their shoes so it
was very interesting to be put in that
situation again but hey it's never too
late for you to continue learning and
just because you will obtain a degree it
doesn't mean you're learning ends there
Sophie ever interested in anything
whether it's a foreign language or you
want to learn how to do accounting or
you want to be a graphic designer and
you know why not why not go back to
school and learn these things so for
example I'm learning a foreign language
right now I'm very interested in in
linguistics and I love different
languages and I'll of different cultures
so I said hey why not the time is now
let's do it so I enrolled in a class I'm
learning another language now I'll be
triangle pretty soon and I also enrolled
in a graphic designing class because um
you know with justkiddingfilms I do a
lot of marketing I do a lot of promotion
and it's just very interesting for me to
be artistic and to put that out there on
the web and stuff so hey why not I want
it to learn guess what I'm doing I'm
learning I'm older now and I I feel like
the time for me is now too i don't have
major responsibilities i don't have
children and I'm not married so why not
let's be a vicious let's keep pursuing
our passion let's keep the hope and
dream alive so that's what I'm doing
going back to school on and right after
my school ends or my class ends
at ten o'clock I get my behind out of
class and I drive down the street pretty
much to a gym and I work out for about
like an hour and 30 minutes cuz you know
I want to stay mentally sharp but I also
wants to stay physically physically fit
and physically sharp I just want to be a
well-rounded physically on point
mentally sharp person so um yeah I need
to I need to exercise and I need to stay
healthy so I do that right after class
so from eight to 12 I'm pretty much uh
exercising my brain and exercising my
body so that's where i met i know this
past week i didn't put up another
comments box I apologize for that but
because of the busy schedule I hope you
can understand but this week I promise
you guys I'm putting another one up I
will actually be recording that video
tomorrow hint hint so if there's any
comments or questions that you would
like to have answered please make sure
to submit them i will be um i will be
reading that and filming that tomorrow
around like two o'clock because that's
when i'm not in class or I'm not working
out um also I've had a couple requests
of people that want to my workout
routine and they also want to UM hear
what kind of you know eating habits i
have and just the kind of diet that i
have so i will also be answering those
questions and i will be making a video
very soon so stay tuned for those things
and like always thank you so much for
all the love and support i will see you
guys soon
