hey guys what's up today's actually a
rainy day for us out here in Los Angeles
so I just put the stick at home doing a
lot of work and doing a lot of surfing
the web and while I was surfing the web
I was checking out my YouTube channel
and I was looking at some of the
comments that you guys left some of them
are totally funny some of them are very
flattering thank you and you're just
nothing but sweetness and nothing but
supportive to me
and I thank you so much for that but one
in one comment in particular really
stuck out to me because it was a comment
slash question and read something along
the lines of you know Gio you're pretty
and the question was have you always
been this pretty and I couldn't stop
laughing at the idea of that question if
I had always been pretty because I was
such an awkward looking kid back in the
day if you knew me when I was like in
eighth grade or even in high school I
think you would be like wow dear what a
dramatic change from looking like a
creature to looking like a human being
for real though trust me I will show you
pictures of me I was only able to find
one picture but this picture just sums
it all up but before I show you the
picture I'm actually going to give you a
little backstory of my upbringing and
tell you why I look the way I do so I
grew up in a very strict family I've
mentioned this before so all of you guys
know and one of the rules was we
couldn't wear any makeup we couldn't cut
our hair we couldn't dye our hair we
couldn't pluck our eyebrows just
anything that would make you look like a
woman or things that a woman would do I
wasn't allowed to do until after high
school no lie so this picture that I'm
about to show you guys was taken back in
eighth grade and this is back in the day
when I don't know
that's in now but it was very very
popular to get your pictures taken at a
studio and I actually took a lot of them
because we used to get like a stack of a
hundred of this picture then we would
just pass them out to all of our friends
so it gave you like this glowy fuzzy
effect and then you could pick like your
background like they had like hard so
they had stars or they had like a sunset
type of a background and then they made
you do like this funky pose you know or
you're like this or you guys are like
back-to-back like with your friend or
there's like a group of you but
someone's like laying down on the floor
and then to give you a very that glowing
effect they had like a mirror underneath
you so that like your eyes sparkle and
you know you look like they're like
glamour shots so um I decided I think
this one found myself I guess I thought
I was too cool for anyone else to be in
this picture and this was in eighth
grade when I had braces yeah man I was
like super flat-chested I dressed like a
freakin six year old kid and it was just
totally embarrassing nobody had a crush
on me I wasn't popular at school at all
so yeah without further ado here it is
that's me
you notice the what is that the gel hair
here and then I have some funky like
hoop earrings I've like too much gloss
the braces that's what that little I
don't know I don't if you can tell but I
have braces no boobs
I have Mickey Mouse on my shirt what is
up with that blue bracelet yeah I mean
everything's wrong look at the eyebrows
caterpillar eyebrows nuff said yeah
that's that geo that's the mean so know
all this before you here all makeup all
makeup because I really look like this
without makeup and look like that if you
guys have pictures of yourself second
I'm saying I want to see send me
before-and-afters so yeah thank you for
accompanying me on my boring rainy day
indoors and I hope you guys are having a
beautiful sunny warm day wherever you
guys are located till next time mwah
