this is such a funny sight so I'm used
to just mean Jill living in the same
house right and we have adult things and
I'm looking here and we have the
toppings we have a knife a big-ass mug
and then we randomly not like a baby
bottle and then also a pacifier it's
just so funny I never would have thought
that all of a sudden my entire adult
life with my adult choices would be
riddled with baby stuff so we have
dishwash a rack and then we have one for
the baby we have a pretty nice dining
table setup and then there's a sack the
front pouch for the baby putting don't
couch freaking him music play pen set
what a baby all kinds of toys everywhere
down that balloons with lasted for a
peppermint um they set up that balloon
for us I'm almost done a couple days
before taco is born and it's been more
than five weeks now and it's still
lasting whatever company a balloon is
that's awesome then we got these guys
I've been lovin Teicher these guys I
just want to play non-stop with each
other
that's pretty awesome you know like I
never since I didn't grow up with the
big family I never really knew who
follows a family man I just knew that I
wanted to have at least one kid because
I felt like I have a very very unique
childhood experience and I wanted to
pass that off to someone and I liked it
the other day me and Joe were talking
and we were thinking about you know ways
to grow JK films and stuff but one of
them was to turn JK films more into a
production company kinda like the fine
brothers we're but they're not so much
on camera and they get to build out more
and more shows without that but the
problem with me and Jo I feel like just
kind of like the rock where people
already know the production company for
me and Jo and since me and him are so
unique what he pointed out he was like
dude world
are you gonna find two former thugs that
are college-educated
that aren't down to laugh at themselves
and be goofy like college-educated thugs
and clowns they don't really mix
together on my dude that's so true and
then it's kind of like the walk to or
not that comparing myself to mother I'd
be awesome but he's so unique of a
person that even if he has a big ass
production company if he's not in the
project that just feels different you
know and because of these unique
experiences like every think like they
kind of knew that about myself is you
know when I was in gangs I would be the
one that's like practically in the main
when it's hardcore the one that's like
laughing like a little girl all the time
and I always wanted to pass these
experiences on to someone and I finally
have someone to do that with so it was
just this is really cool and um the
whole family aspect of agiels parents
and family have been able to teach me
what it feels like to have a big family
and it feels really nice I really love
having them over which is awesome cuz
they are coming over later a little
family get-together barbecue
oh and instead of doing the normal like
I usually cook steak or whatever kind of
cider
I'm trying something else different I
found this local Korean market so I
bought a bunch of coffee
Bobby eight pounds worth and then Seoul
on the girl Bennet today and then upon
lettuce took a wrap it in rice I also
bought a big ol within a kimchi and have
a mini Korean BBQ well Jill's family
brings all kinds of other stuff just got
to Barb all right now and I got a film a
video with Nadine the dream
and everything was about to fly out of
my duffel bag I didn't pack it very well
I still got to return this to I'll
return it to light DIRECTV or something
but yeah we gotta film a video today I
gotta go pretty heavy on the bench
I think off the head 3:30 or 3:30 five
four three and if I hit that pretty
smoothly I'm probably gonna have a
pretty good bench day at my meet in
December not sure yet and today I'm
rocking the bar go brigade sarah hoodie
this is my hands-down my favorite piece
of the entire launch and it's because
barbara has never been able to be shown
in that light before like all of our
original stuff it's pretty aggressive
looking pretty hardcore and although
it's clean it never had that touch of
class and where I dream barbells gonna
go like I dream of it as something
that's never been done before and it's
gonna be a fitness brand that has a very
aggressive side but also very clean
sides almost think about it as if
imagine a brand I was be able to do the
things have both rebel a and Lululemon
that's like Michael and so because of
that we're able to launch this and when
we launched it didn't look weird next to
the aggressive stuff which is awesome
it's a lot of times like when a brand
tries to do too many things
it looks like the brand doesn't know
what it's doing but the class has a bit
of aggressiveness in it and then
aggressive stuff has a bit of class in
it so it's gonna it actually turned out
really good this is like one of my
favorite pieces and I can't wait to turn
out more designs yeah in the same type
of style I'm about to go to the gym
right now and it seems poppin already I
think it's only like eight or nine that
seems really poppin
I came here
what
thirty-five
smash the workout just got home and this
is my favorite part of the day where I
get to come home and see my family
I don't hear any Christ I think Roberts
did a really good job of keeping him
nice that could only mean that probably
upstairs but where are they where is the
family oh the family is not downstairs
what a surprise for some reason I left
these pose I gotta take it take it up
there I had a my in my backpack this
morning from yesterday uh when I took a
shower at the office and I realized
someone was kind of wet you know I get
Stinky's I have to pull it out but I
didn't want to wake them up in the
mornings I just left it on the ground
now I'm gonna bring it back to sort it
out throw it in the hamper what seems
like they might have stayed upstairs
this whole time have you been upstairs
this whole time
he's been sleeping you're such a good
mama what do you guys watch it
I popped in and out I have a meet to go
to town a little some horse on the
barbell staff at a meet in Long Beach on
Metroflex
but you know I had to represent I wore
the new rebirth black tee with the
parries Eon with my Nike Air Max picnics
Nike shorts fly drink some protein so I
have some protein per back design one
thing that we're always trying to do
with the Bartow Brigade designs is to
make it as dope in the gym as possible
but also dope and clean on the streets
so I would try to push the limits to see
like how simple can we get but still
make you look fresh with the outfit so
just putting on shoes and the wash and
like the shorts does a lot but I just
rind does a lot shorts does a lot what'd
I just say put the watch but the shoes
and the watch and the shorts does a
locust a lot matches rhymes with watch I
don't know what I'm talking about
but I ordered a uber because the parking
I Metroflex is pretty crazy I've been
there a couple of times for meats and
it's always really hard to find a
parking space and I don't want to waste
time looking for a parking space if I
could just arrive there and immediately
go watch our staff lift so it's gonna be
dope hopefully I get to see how many
people are actually rockin the new
rebirth stuff maybe our staffs rocking
it maybe summer so rocking the classics
and it's cool to see if the public
already bought them it's only been a few
days since the launch
I should never mind not sure I don't
even know people but I've received their
orders yet
we'll see it's crazy
tons of people what do I really really
like about how the penis that it's a
growing sport you
rather yeah
which is missing a couple of comas
got genie competing
where are the things going
policy there's a lot of strong ones
there's so many girls competing and it's
really cool
drivers there was literally only 50
/ truck
what is growing
all across the board we like look
people all different shapes and sizes
competing supporting their friends
this is what I really really like to see
this is so awesome
genius of that
so cool
let's go Junior
just got home and time to change this
guy's dog ain't no good change a little
diaper mister everyone was asking about
you the house hiker how steiker how come
you're not there and I told him because
you don't have your shots you can't
leave the house you crazy you go I'm
saying good change her little diaper you
have a gun morning with your mama I bet
you there you have the best mama in the
world where you dare you we go there
they'll give me yesterday we're teaching
him Chinese and Spanish at the same time
so we would say like chicken Sunita to a
pot and then it would say it's the
pikapika de la boca and we were like
this is snip a beetle and then we were
say kappa kappakappa also and then you
would say this huh oh this is your offer
and they would say to Kasumi the door
and then we will say compress Pekka
pericarditis and then we would say it's
a cousin either tall fire and then we
would say the brachot Baraka kebaya
tacos de frijoles you learned so much
Chinese and Spanish didn't you yeah you
did Unni boy
my time Gingerdead but this is one of my
favorite days is when this guy is eating
I've been feeding him and he's hella
chill and meanwhile we're kind of multi
pack and how to introduce them to more
Chinese stuff because I do try to speak
to him in Chinese so he's starting to
get used to that sound that
communication but I always end up
speaking in English justice like my most
comfortable language and I forget so if
there's any way I can reinforce this
chineseness my different music hello
sleepy face such a peaceful house right
now me look just Walter he was sleeping
fun's over Ashley face I love it when
the house is nice and quiet and calm
this feels so relaxing oh you're tired
big guy bigtire
what don't you mind what don't you mind
yeah
but then who makes these jokes that are
directed toward you about sexual and
then I'm like that's weird like I don't
mind it with anyone else and I think
it's hilarious and I'll make those jokes
too because again if I didn't mention it
before he's my brother
yeah why because those jokes are they're
intended for you actually
there'd superintendent for me but it's
just a little weird cuz earlier I was
asking Bob berry are you ready to blow
out the candle don't put the candles on
a birthday cake where are you are you
doing
are you ate so well are you ready but my
god what about the cake candles yeah
okay you was just left on her porch
yeah what are this monster come from
yeah what there's a gopher it's a big
old gopher so we put this corn on the
grill and I completely forgot about had
an awesome family dinner we're just
eating and talking and like sharing
stories and then randomly when I brought
the cake I was cold I forgot about the
core so a midway through now we're
bringing the corn back up with the mail
and the cookie had cheese my dad says I
hanging out with this gangster - shorts
you my dad and his gangster shorts it's
that time of the night things are
winding down we don't even have the
lights on cuz they're trying to put this
kind of bed now that camera is really
good it's really bright though yeah it
looks really good actually but we don't
have any of the lights on as you can see
and we got the chill Hawaiian music plan
which is Titus favorites is he getting
sleepy yeah
Jenny is a freakin full head of hair so
crazy
can't believe is only five weeks all
y'all amateur
oh yeah that's what we're looking for
yeah he's usually this is his bedtime
10:30 11 o'clock he knocks out oh we
make him help yeah we try to time it and
then we try to wake him up I hate to get
him on a normal schedule yeah and then
we try to keep them away longer than an
hour during the day and have them learn
just a little bezel yeah
these are different shapes and patterns
they try to take them out of the swaddle
so you can move his arms and he's
disjoint yeah boy did tell me time he
had that today nice he still goes to
school he's learning a lot that's Kimmy
he's widely he good boy you in so much
oh damn you're going down you're going
down quick okay that's good I said I'll
take a shower and me'll up is there
wondering when is he gonna get the love
you used to get I'm sorry because these
do come so much love but we don't have
time fine give me some what I love you
finally give you ten minutes with the
love oh you want some too okay you get
some too
Oh meatloaf once Tiger gets up and you
can walk around and do more things we
can give you guys more love but he's a
newborn okay newborn need a little bit
more attention I'm sorry I'm sorry big
guy okay you two I know you want love -
Oh double love double dog WA double dog
love double dog life back in his
favorite spot
Oh Ricky Ricky Ricky
all right that's it for the night I'm
gonna give these doggy some love well
sleep in and see you guys tomorrow
