hey guys what's up welcome back to
another episode of comments box so I
wasn't able to post last week I was
totally busy doing a bunch of JK step so
I wasn't able to really have some peace
and quiet time to where I could sit down
and read all of your guys's comments and
get back to you guys but as promised
here I am so let's stop wasting any more
time and let's get to it first comment
comes from el mito let's have a toast
for the douchebags well I think we
should also have a toast for the
assholes how about a toast for the
scumbags yeah I think that's everyone I
know next comment comes from mr. lima
bean 54 what up your dope well mr. line
will be in 54 your dope just for
choosing the name Lima Bean next comment
comes from DJ swizz 1994 tio I love the
first on black and yellow great job well
DJ so is 1994 thank you so much for the
support I honestly really like my verse
2 I thought it was very empowering um
for me and just for other females out
there but i think my delivery was
horrible i'm totally embarrassed by that
video um and I didn't realize the
importance of delivery until that very
video and what had happened was we were
shooting this video guerrilla style so
we didn't have any permits we didn't
have any permission we didn't have
anyone something as hey it's okay for
you to film in this location so we just
ran out of the car I just did them you
know our camera the color is sound and
just recorded it we did probably about
33 different takes just to get different
angles just to get Bart soul oh my soul
oh and um we didn't have time to really
look back at the video of the footage so
yeah when I got home I saw what was
recorded in my performance and I was
totally embarrassed but hey whatever
live and learn now I know for the next
it's definitely definitely not the last
time that you guys see me all rapping or
doing anything with music but no I know
a question from in this misery reads
when did you and Bart me and what did
you guys decide to move in together
jolivar deny event back in 2004 and
actually decided to move him in with me
where I was living at the time first
because he had just graduated from UCLA
and at that time he was the being out
there for school so the rent was really
really expensive and it really wasn't
worth him paying the amount of rent that
he was to live there when he no longer
attended that school so instead of
looking around and trying to find a
really good deal on he he had asked me
fine you have any places and at that
moment one of the three girls that I was
living with had to move up so there was
a vacant room and I asked him you know
what um I live in a house with you know
two other females and we're really
really clean you know we're girls you
know I don't know how comfortable you
are with that but let me know and you
can totally invent so that's what had
happened on he decided to take the offer
he moved in so it was it was us three
girls and him we all had our own room it
was it was pretty cool but then him and
I would always stay up working on JK
stuff and our own rooms became really
small to hold you know merge you know
meetings with clients and stuff so we
decided that the best thing was for us
to just move in together um save on rent
save on everything split everything down
the middle and we still had a
comfortable place to hold our meetings
or to be loud or to be working late at
night without really interrupting
anybody so that's how it happened next
comment comes from doe our series one I
like jeez oh jeez I don't really like to
use because it smells like nasty fungus
speak um the only time I believe will
really eat cheese if it's on like a
pizza uh besides then
I'm not the biggest fan of cheese so go
our series 1 if you and I were homies we
would get along just fine because you
can have all the cheese in the world you
don't have to worry about me taking any
of it next comment end question punch
from Sparta k PG oh I was wondering what
was your experience like studying
marketing I'm going to go to university
next year and like you I was torn
between my creative side and my logical
side I am extremely interested in visual
arts such as photography graphic design
and videography but I decided to scrap
those admissions for a safer career in
business more specifically I hope
marketing also are you glad to have
chosen business over art thanks so my
experience in marketing was a great one
because I am creative like yourself but
i really really really enjoy business
and i enjoy anything in business I just
enjoy the interaction between people I
enjoy the strategizing the planning you
know the structure so for the kind of
person that I am Mia picking business
over art was just super easy and it was
I think the best decision that I I could
have made um because now I have the
structure I have the the tools so that
when i do want to pursue my creative
side um I can put it out there and I can
promote myself and I can I I can put my
work to in front of an audience um but
if I was super good let's say a
photography or graphic design or
videography then maybe my answer would
be different and I would say hey you
know what I should have picked art /
business because I think if you're
really good at something and and you're
passionate about it then I think that
you should make that your career and
there are people that say you know what
you shouldn't make what you love your
job but for me it's the opposite I feel
if you are doing what you love then it's
no longer a job it's no longer work next
comment
from so zoo by colon capital d just
kidding I know what that is smiley face
back to you next comic comes from fat
Jack's LMFAO i love how blunt you are in
your comments box video thank you so
much um I don't try to be offensive or I
don't try to be funny or I don't try to
be rude I don't try to be anything I
just speak how I feel and I'm so
grateful that you guys had it in like
custom yachters pulled me off and you
guys totally understand my character cuz
I don't mean any harm I just think a lot
of your guys's comments are very very
funny and the way I deal with things is
just through comedy through laughter so
anything anytime I see something that's
just either really really stupid or
really offensive I my first immediate
reaction is to just make a joke about it
and laugh about it so thank you next
question comes from Isaac's ed biz for
life and it reads hey I was just
wondering do you think JK films over
come to Australia well I succeed ibas
for life I do see just came from is
going to Australia but we need to get
booked first and a lot of people don't
know this but we have known to MC a show
host to show judge um events we've
participated in panels recently we just
wrapped up a 40-minute skit that is half
live and have shown on never before
released videos and these are going to
be videos that we don't ever put on
YouTube we're not going to be posting as
for this year and it's just a total
treat it's very interactive and if you
book I so you get to see that so book us
and we'll be there just send any type of
request to just kidding films @
gmail.com and I personally will give
back to you so get us to Australia I
want to go to Australia I've never been
australia next question comes from Piper
Piper one and it reads hey just
wondering what did your parents
say about your career choice while
initially when I took the whole
financial rowlett they were just happy
to see me you know doing well I had a
new car living on my own you know living
pretty comfortably I didn't have to
depend on anybody I was a independent
woman so they were very satisfied
because they just saw a very promising
future for me but you know I had to
follow my heart and I really had to
pursue my passion so I really had to
convince them that I knew what I was
talking about and the way that I went
about doing that is you know i SAT them
down and I explained my business plan to
them and I pretty much mapped out the
next five years of my life and I had to
pretty much give them a presentation and
let them know that hey you know what I'm
not just jumping into this jumping into
this just blindly I know what I'm doing
um just trust that you know I'm going to
be successful and you know you guys just
have to sell it to to your parents um at
least for me I had to sell it to them
and you know at first they were just
really really skeptical about it just
because you know they don't know what it
takes to be an entertainment or to own
your own business in entertainment so
they were definitely scared and they
were always checking back with me like a
Geo do you need money or hey Geo how's
everything are you okay like constant
calling and and you know they were just
nervous close if you know parents love
you and they want the best for you and
they always want to know that you know
you're living comfortably so now they're
comfortable with the idea because you
know they I constantly keep them updated
and let them know you know this month
we're going to be doing these many shows
or locally just came up with this merge
and you know Hey look at our website
look at what we're producing look at
this look at that and and they really
believe in
in the company and they see a lot of a
lot of growth coming from me and and
just being films
