hey what's up guys welcome back to
another episode of comments box the
first episode actually went really
really agreeing and you guys started
submitting a lot of questions a lot of
comments and I totally enjoyed reading
and looking at all of them but I beg of
you guys on the way this is going to
work and the way it's been working is
you guys visit the very first page of my
youtube and school to the very bottom
where it says channel comment in that
box is where i'm reading the comments
and questions from so for all of you
guys that submitted your questions or
comments underneath my video thank you
so much i really appreciate it but just
for the sake of time and for not making
this video three hours long i am not
going to go through each of those
because i have like i think over 200
comments and questions underneath that
video and that's just way too crazy you
guys go to my comments my channel
comments in that area and then you guys
place your comment english in there and
every week i will be going into that
channel comments box and i will be
selecting just the first page i will be
reading and entering all the comments
and questions that are on that very
first page so um if you guys place the
comment you guys see that that's being
pushed to the third fourth page then
just go ahead and just resubmit it so
moving up though the very first comment
comes from ziti the man and he says damn
girl you fine well ziti the men thank
you you're the man we have a very first
question coming from whiter ice is nice
and they have to ask are you and Bart
going out sorry it's all caps I'm really
amazed at how many people really want to
know this answer I just think it's funny
because you guys always like try to be a
little detectives and you guys try to
like piece together all this information
like ooh they went to Taiwan together no
no no no but wait they had two separate
beds so they can be going up no but the
art going up because they went hiking
together like they're always together
reason why we are always together is
because um Joe right now has a full-time
job so you can't really make it out to a
lot of the things that we do because
while we're going on a hike you know
taking some time off Joe is at work away
from JK so that's the reason why but you
will be around a lot more so look
forward to seeing me more with Joe or
get get ready to see Bart and Joe
together more so that's the reason why
you guys always see us together next
question comes from oh yeah and they say
are you Asian or Mexican aha I don't
really know what aha is there for anyway
ah mi Asian or Mexican let's just say
that I am mixed with a little bit of
everything you name it and I am mixed
with it the reason why i like to say
that I am mixed with everything is
because I don't like to just say that I
am one specific ethnicity because I feel
very passionate about all different
races all different ethnicities so I
really like to associate associate
myself with all of them and I like to
appreciate all of them so for that
reason I am either whatever you want me
to be or i'm a little bit of everything
if you ever meet me in person and you
ask me guess what i'm going to say I'm a
little bit of everything I understand
why people ask that question you know
sometimes it's like a nice break or
other times it's just to see if we have
something in common you know we try to
relate and connect with each other I get
it but let's just play a game and the
next time you need someone just forget
that there anything and just try to
figure them out as a person and I bet
you their ethnicity is not going to
matter at all I hope answered that
question and then in a bit of everything
next question comes from blue inferno
and they say I wish you could be on just
kidding films but it's only a dream
actually no it's not a dream so when we
first started I put out an email
saying that we wanted to begin a street
team and a street team is just a group
of people that will pass out flyers to
different events that we're going to be
doing or you know post around Amina go
around the city and like putting up
posters of just kidding films or go to
different events and represent just
kidding films um so we had a bell I want
to say like 15 kids come out and these
are all kids that are in high school
they came out you know we we told them
about justkiddingfilms we told them
about our movement and you know a few
them were passionate they came out to a
lot of our our our shoots um a few of
them came on to some events you know but
it was great but eventually you know um
people had games to attend it just had
different things to do in life and I get
it I understand and and more power to
them but one in particular Bruce Kwan
you have seen him in a lot of our videos
and he just became like a little brother
to us and um he just he just replied to
the email he just stuck around and now
as part of the chain case so what I'm
saying is you know don't give up on any
dreams and aspirations that you have
just be tenacious and stick with it and
believe in what you you are passionate
about and you can do it nothing is just
a dream everything is obtainable you
know some things are harder to obtain
than others but that is no means of like
that that doesn't mean that you guys
should sell yourself short and not try
so for you blue and for now I just
suggest you if you're a global if you're
from Los Angeles just shoot us an email
shoot me Adina and I would love to just
talk to you and see you know if we can
move forward with you just coming out
and and seeing what you guys can help
out yeah well let's just make this
justkiddingfilms family grow next
comment comes from Tom head 1994 and
they say do do do dude food food food do
bockris tries thank you Tom head 1994
for making me look like a dumbass next
question comes from ck b 3
and this is actually a two-parter you'll
see what the first question is how did
meet Bart and Joe and how did you start
to be in their videos second part says
haha my bad how did you meet Barton Joe
um how did it be barn Joe we actually um
when they first started back in on like
1997 we were all part of the same circle
of friends and I would always see them
just you know recording themselves or
like um just being really goofy just
with each other like they had this weird
chemistry like it was like a group of us
about like 10 12 people that we would
always hang out and just them two they
would always be off in a corner like
just making like the silly comment and
just laughing all the time them to jizz
always like connected in some weird way
no homo at that time I was going to
school to get my bachelor's in marketing
and at that time I had just graduated
college I was I think a year or so into
my job I was in finance I know I
graduated marketing but I was in finance
whatever they were revamping their
justkiddingfilms business and you know
they just asked me to help him out here
and there with a couple marketing
strategies and a cut like a few branding
things here and there and I guess they
really appreciated my work that they
were like hey Geo you know would be
great if you just help us out like a
homie hookup type of you know like homie
come through help us out for a little
bit we need extra hands so I was like
okay you know I don't want you know you
guys are my my bros so um we linked up
we worked together for a little bit I
did a few projects with them and I
really got to see you know their
business model I really got to
understand um what they were all about
through just kidding films and the
message that they were trying to put out
there to the youth specially and I was
really really moved by it and out I saw
my opportunity to to put my marketing um
the things I learned in marketing into
play so slowly and share
I just kind of like integrated into the
business and I became you know a member
of just kidding films and because we're
so short-handed with bodies and hands
and people to be behind the scenes and
in front of the camera that a lot of the
times I was forced into these skits for
example the one I did with DeLaGhetto
right I was there just as extra hands
just to see if they needed someone for
lighting or just someone to run and get
different things for them but they're
like geo guess what you're going to be
in this and I'm like what the hell like
I don't want to be this like I just want
to be behind the scenes like I don't
know how to I don't even know how to act
like that's like you see this video even
now I don't know how to act but whatever
I care less now but I was so nervous and
I'm like am i standing in the right
place like do I look okay like like I
was trying to remember things to say and
even though I had like one line whatever
but yeah the so um slowly I was thrown
into it and I've been learning a lot so
um I've been more confident with being
on camera so now I guess I'm just a
regular in their skits um and yeah I
guess that's all what happened another
comment comes from Tyreke 2810 and it
reads hey yo i subbed you you sub me
back
blue inferno yet once again says I wish
I could be on just kidding films but
it's only a dream matte blue inferno
you're pretty tenacious man just hit me
up again like I said just kidding geo at
gmail com um if you are local to the Los
Angeles area then yeah most definitely
we would love to have you around and see
how you can fit into the
justkiddingfilms group so yeah hit me up
black being 3000 and they right please
engage me in marriage please engage me
in marriage that just sounds so funny
yeah let's do it call me I'm just
kidding um please engage me a bear in
marriage thank you but no thank you and
that concludes it with comments ba thank
you so much for always supporting me and
always giving me positive feedback and
always just being open and honest with
me I really really appreciate it um and
stay tuned til next week when I return
with comments box thank you much love to
all you and all of yours peace
