queens and myself right now will be
bleaching um it's our first time ever
bleaching our hair and I'm going to do
this trend right here so it's pretty
much as long as this oh I want to see
it's about like two inches thick I'm
Heron I've never done it before just a
secret I don't know what I'm doing it's
time for Queenie the cough we're shaving
my hair all right I'm just kidding dude
you should walk out like this turn air
to the Sun that's one ponytail to
ponytail and one patch of hair so
they're pretty much ready to go are you
holding in that's the mix or
professional here at the National the
developer so it develops that's the
aluminum and then we have professional
all right so Queens we need water right
um it says mix content with two ounces
of what no developer you miss a
developer that's it water what'd she say
water I don't know does she not the
water I don't remember saying water
because it says hey so then you know cuz
I've got the whole reason with doctors
for okay okay I believe you no wait but
I have a bad memory what if she did say
water well there's two ounces here no I
know no she's just let just follow this
we haven't even started yet
okay no that's it okay 10 minutes okay
hmm she laughed at my hair and look at
you you look like a balding Chinese man
from this side all right here he goes
there goes nothing okay ready nope you
sure hey uh oh no a super mine with his
heart for you about the city how are you
she's gonna do he doesn't know cuz he
has the headphone so here and I put a
little street in Casey's hair longer
than we thought he thinks it's whatever
no it's not you she was on my hair
telling Johnny all right Joe which one
married just just bleach tips but it's
not even like blonde it's like you can't
tell right no you can't tell barely okay
then unless you focus on that shit like
oh you got a tire really in your hair
geo did so good hey we should have good
spy a whole bunch of my hair when they
all teach my pubic hairs and all done
crazy yeah maybe what we got parks
homeless Oh outside of Virgil barely
it's really soon right yeah yeah
checking out all the characters oh my
love it I want to hurt you feel me see
Oh
