welcome to my very first edition of
Commons box I've never done this before
but I just wanted to take the time out
of my day to show appreciation to all of
you have taken time out of yours to show
me some love to ask me some questions or
just to make comment and all these
questions and comments are going to be
read from my channel commons area
located on the first page of my youtube
channel and i'm going to try to do this
every time it gets filled up and i'm
just gonna read everything that's on the
very first page so let's get started
first comment is from mr. was the one
and he says you're so beautiful oh thank
you i don't know what to say to that
next comment is from OV hockey 12 and
they write wait i heard the line started
off as a comedian and moving on to the
music game in your bottoms up song what
does this mean so actually the line is
started off as a comedian moving into
the rapping game and that's a line that
is said by bar um and he's just his
character is one that just likes to to
just try different things try anything
sports of that person that just dives
into things so he feels pretty
comfortable with comedy but you know he
wants to brought in his own horizon and
he wants to see what you know what
rapping is like because he grew up
really enjoying music he plays the drums
if he haven't really been following up
with his vlogs um yeah and he loves to
sing so he said you know let's rap
because he's apparently a very
aggressive person because he loves to
fight so um rapaz i guess a way where he
can channel that I don't know all that
energy and um and really express himself
so yeah um that's what that line mean so
he started off as a comedian and now he
wants to try something different which
is rapping so nasty tune he's gonna do
great things next comment is from Paul
women lover 2010 um they write how tall
are you you deserve to be
taken by the way so I am actually 511
I'm pretty tall I guess you would say I
get the height from my mother's side my
mother is my mama is she's 58 but um I
have two sisters one brother my two
sisters are pretty average in height my
eldest is I would say like five seven
and a half on a good day and then the
youngest Warren she's like 55 but my
brother is 62 63 um and and um yeah my
uncle's my mom's brothers they were over
six feet so I think I got her jeans and
I love being tall and to top it off i
really love high heels i guess with high
heels i'm about like 62 63 so yea tall
girls whoop next comment is from pool
boy in LA and says keep rockin Gio Thank
You pool boy and outlay you keep doing
your thing too you're the best to
formula 22 check out my channel no
that's the worst marketing tactic ever
if you go around the different peoples
pages and T check out my channel you
know what's going to happen they're not
checking out your channel be more
creative from Christian jarmila 7 mmm he
says hi what's up Christian from sookie
sookie illy and she says you should you
do makeup videos you're pretty um thank
you actually for saying that I'm pretty
but um yeah I mean I never really know
what to say to that but yeah thank you
as far as doing makeup trust me you
don't want to learn makeup for me I will
just make you look abnormal let's do any
way I can put it but if you really
wanted like great makeup tips just visit
Michelle Phan she's got it down on lock
there's a reason why this girl has
a gazillion subscribers she's freaking
good so because of that no makeup from
geo um as far as like makeup goes all i
do is blush eyeliner and mascara that
does technical as i get sorry have
another comment from peace k uzuki and
they write box per box i will give you
10 subs if you add my channel to the top
of your box please reply and thank you
another very terrible marketing tactic
um 10 subscribers sounds very tempting
but people that I put up in my boxes are
people that I see really put forth the
effort of really hustling really pushing
their their channel very uh really
pushing their message or just really
working hard to do that and then from
Acer be four five six 6655 says happy
new year happy new year I thought my
last video was saying happy new year and
it wasn't on drugs in that video very
hard to believe I understand it but once
you really get to know me and I am
really comfortable and the and it's in
like the appropriate time to let loose
then I'm the biggest kid you will ever
meet yeah no drugs for Gio no drugs for
any of my friends actually my close
circle of friends nobody does drugs up
with hope down with dope so that
concludes it that was my very first
edition of Commons box so stay tuned for
the next one fill up my comment box or
the section that says you know channel
comments fill that section up i will
definitely shout you out like i said i'm
not gonna skip any questions so please
be does
if you guys start riding like Jill you
suck I'm gonna have to say it out loud
and the whole world's gonna hear it
don't embarrass me more than I
embarrassed myself guys well I hope you
guys I'll hang in there till next time
and stay tuned for my next edition of
general comments bye guys
