so there has been a little incident what
I mean by that
look out look at that look at that look
at that look at that look at this look
at that
want more look at this look at that look
at that now the incident consisted of
two main variables one of them being
that right there no not the bear slipper
the Tyson so second variable that right
there a longboard old school yes I know
um I've been boarding for about five
years that doesn't mean anything though
because I still suck um but someone I
won't mention any names had the great
idea of heavy variable one Tyson pull me
on variable to the long board so I'm
skating done attempted Street all as
well
Tyson's pulling me I'm catching speed
everything's fun yeah this is dope
Tyson's running just cutting up the road
you know just tearing it up running and
I'm writing it like yeah yeah you know
I'm carving so I was coming to the end
of the road and ever less hey maybe we
should turn so I turn no problem
everything's peachy I'm heading back to
the directions of my friends one of them
being the person that had this bright
idea
stop heading in the direction Tyson's
picking up speed again and we're going
on riding it and like the wind is just
like pulling my cheeks and I'm just
doing this thing cause like I'm going so
fast and all of a sudden I'm on the line
I got a little bit scared and I decided
to book it so I know you guys are gonna
school me on this but I'm gonna tell you
anyway
so I decided to book it I run off but
like I keep saying I'm pretty tall 511 I
have really long legs
therefore my stride is really long so my
first stride I couldn't completely take
it because Tyson yes I know I was still
holding onto the leash
therefore it's heisman was still pulling
me and I was about to step on his hind
leg so I had to do like these little
mini steps like to do and in doing that
I could have picked up my speed I wasn't
following momentum and I ate poop this
is what happened look at that nasty
right so like I said um my music video
is gonna look pretty sub because of my
battle scars I wish it was something
exciting I wish it was something fun and
more a thug like of me to do to get
these scars but unfortunately it was
just my dumb ass can't align first who
was the hair incident but that's going
on right now it's the dumb ass oh boy
did I just let go of Tyson incident oh
well live and learn
