my bears getting all devera like a
little hoochie hina supermodel what fine
like a hot supermodel yeah every time I
love it when you straighten your hair
yes every time and you only tell me I
look beautiful when I wear makeup that I
don't understand okay see girls they
always want compliments and then you
give it to them and then there's like
some weird like standard to it like I'm
like wow you look so hot it's only
because I work out well duh but you have
explicitly said that you like when I
don't wear makeup but when I don't wear
makeup you never compliment me and it's
only when I do I wear makeup that you
can't look at me so no I complimented
you four times this week
well because I already pointed it out
but uh so I've come to realize that guys
are idiots we already knew that yeah we
knew that but when they say ladies when
they say that they like the nach lai key
like you with no makeup they don't
really mean me no we don't they really
mean we just like you with makeup on
still yeah but just have it be super
natural exactly yes yes so you never
mean no makeup yeah but yeah you look
beautiful now and you look beautiful
before that's a compliment
no it's not it is a compliment not it's
a compliment my bad oh oh the trying to
freaking burn my hair husband abuse
that's husband abuse oh my god
holy shit should I call please god damn
you never take me seriously
mara you look beautiful you did it Oh
what I love you with or without makeup
and with your hair tied up like a little
bug like that necklace very 80s and very
cool fine thank you
how come your eyebrows are caught being
tackled right now oh there we go there
you are guys yeah we got a little photo
shoot today how we did last night what
the camera is just going crazy yeah
yeah yeah my bear dropped the camera but
yeah we got a photo shoot kind of dinner
life being and this time we're promoting
all of our high inventory items which
means a lot of the items that we haven't
been doing a good job marketing for that
are still super dope so we're gonna just
go on a date hang out take pictures make
videos of it and that'll all be the
marketing content on the barbell IG and
also we'll probably see another like
montage trailer thing on this channel
just so that you guys can see us wearing
all of the clothes Oh what are all these
things interesting
their birthday present finally came in
yeah don't worry the rapping bro
do ya wow so disrespectful
yeah I have to steam it but try it on if
it doesn't beep I have to return it I
don't know
a large one right actually do that all
the time yeah you are a larger egg huh
I thought you were like something like
this yes you don't get rape you walk out
yeah it's part of the button collection
they're gonna stay a virgin forever dude
yeah you guys seen a newspaper
where's public guns oh yeah what was the
caption
what's your virginity not soon dude way
to fall you know how cold the guys in
California looks like it fits yeah it's
like it's a parka type of thing yeah
yeah it's like casual it's for casual
yeah
okay don't throw away this beautiful
packaging okay yeah this is the most
expensive thing it's called the
asymmetrical line right here by kit okay
even though we're going on a barbell
shoot I'm aware of this Nike tank top in
between changes because it's really
lightweight and I'm gonna sweat like a
mofo
so it's preventative measures so that we
can have a good shoot today which I feel
like we are because our location is
Redondo Beach and that's a really really
nice place it means you're gonna act
like we're having a really good day
which we are Papa Gator hat Guinea oh
well we gotta promote this habit are you
freakin molesting him particularly
skinny for that and vlog let me see them
block it's a great blogger he's talking
to the camera just got to the beach it's
oh it's very very relaxing get to see
the ocean water
Evans getting ready for shots and we
brought the stroller because uh so we're
trying to match the branding on our
Instagram and we're gonna do these
imaginary stroller and parent shots so
that's gonna be pretty funny cuz there's
no baby in here but we're gonna pretend
like there's a baby for the shoot
we want to do at the end of life but we
don't want to bother take them bring
them along for a shoot so today we're
gonna have a imaginary baby
what are your outfits for this location
for this location it's shirt I'm wearing
the mountain - yeah and then our foundry
so I'm either gonna make a public path
like this one I'm making it pop with
pins okay this one I'm making it poppin
shoes because it's gonna be this yeah
black pants and those yellow shoes that
are in Titus okay so everything has a
pop because I'm going to layer it with
okay I'll wear I'll wear the green I
wear this green boundary and that
Myanmar bruh don't wear the same clothes
and look really funny or gapless why
it's all wear this and go pretty good
with the shorts cause it's great I'll
make that great pop and then those shoes
makes everything pop I awesome time to
change I'm super insecure shooting this
shoot and 100% transparent and open with
you guys and it's because I still have
my mom's bod and my mom I mean like the
pregnancy bot so I'm really wide in the
waist
and I'm not used to this proportions
like you could see it here so I don't
know how I'm gonna photograph or how
it's gonna look
cuz this is supposed to be a fitness
line but you're still very beautiful to
me thank you but I'm not shooting it for
you but I wish I was cuz then we would
sell out of everything that's judge by
everything you would try to sell fine
but yeah so
that's what I wanted to share with you
guys well thank you for sharing that
with me I didn't know you're insecure
about your body of course you didn't I
tell you like every day
I know but I think you I know I don't
think you're gonna be insecure like on a
work day I thought it was just between
like you know there's millions of girls
out there that would still die for your
body your current body well that's cool
but you can't be like yeah it's just a
different standard that's true that's
right oh you're talking about I know I'm
just trying to make you feel better
maybe I suck at making you feel good but
that's my autonomy you feel good idea I
don't know how to say those sweet sugary
things you did say it nicely I was like
there's millions of girls that would die
for your body
we launched this one the green shirt was
actually one of my favorite colors no
it's different a lot of people they
don't think about wearing green all the
time but there was a blue one the black
one I think because green was so
different but it had such a fresh and
clean feeling I just really liked it so
I'm wearing it now I'm glad I'm able to
get one that's my right size because the
last one that I own it's all worn and
beaten up because I want to spec so and
on bigger it's fresh and clean in it I
think it goes really good with the gray
shorts actually and the semi Dre shoes
do you like that green shirt on me I
love all core master pants oh yeah I
think a deeper green that's true this is
why I gonna play this next outfit is
cleaner and a brand new white shirt the
only problem is as it is when you get a
brand new I can see why all the rappers
always just have a new white tees in a
plastic bag and after they wash it after
they're wearing it just throw it away
because I flip washing to be the same
but no one's a baller so even for me
when I have a white see I have two fresh
and clean look at the way up pops the
way it pops in the reflection of their
mother Oh mother is getting dressed up
look at those vans what's your next
outfit bikini I'm wearing it no but I
can't see what's on your chest oh oh the
white logo team Oh at the white vans
I see we trying to do I see your moves
you scraped it on the side of the truck
oh I brought some sneaker wipes own use
some so what do you want you to do
that's the moment Spanish I don't know
why he really is that what he wants you
to do my passage is well yeah I just
know you much okay fine so what do you
wanna do come forward and you're gonna
take pictures of her yeah okay action
yeah we gotta show off the logo that's
how commercials are made behind the
scenes of a commercial shoot the most
professional shoot in the world good job
and cut you're leaving the baby behind
you guys help
scared from my angle
mom bears so famous she can stop all the
time and they always want to take a
picture right there and I'm in the back
no one wants to take a picture with me
I'm just kidding it's okay every time
I'm on his home and I see these goddamn
fried foods like onion rings and corn
dogs and fried fish Jesus Oh
oh my bears rocking that Club Jack a
real nice with those pants
Marvin up about power pads on what
should you it's pretty cz I think you
are you let me feel the barbell Brigade
club jacket damn you look like a badass
I love you sorry
damn infrared on infrared you never wear
yours that is clear what's the next
location guys might be so sick at
Barlow's office yet that is the office
the one up there on the ground
Oh perfect what awesome idea
see it around stroller no stroller so
we're not doing that travel video
anymore we're we're just constantly
traveling around you sure stroller yeah
I keep telling the Dean that I can't eat
any of this stuff
yeah but he keeps telling it's for the
video so I'm like alright if it's for
the video then of course I'm just gonna
have to get the toffee coffee because
that's the only thing that's appropriate
for a video or maybe even that chocolate
chip this by all four of them it's for
the video you said right okay yeah so
what do you guys want I'm gonna get this
are you gonna get what do you think's
negative overs just get the cream bar be
right I'll get it see what's shake water
doesn't look good on camera
duh yeah it looks really good on camera
yes do you always bring the stroll
around with no baby everything yes yeah
yeah we found the water see this water
looks so ugly on camera so ugly ugly
water that's how we have to get the
coffee
so Marbella when you're gone we gotta
we've got to coffee toffee coffees and
then also Oreo shake and a green apple
boba for
tell me I nothing Oh imagine they made
ice cream that big holy shit that's a
big eyes or you changed out this what do
you have on now the black foundry Oh
y'all about making it pop huh
good job they're popping it
there's a lot of good stuff here I wish
they had like this restaurant just like
normally we could just get eggs and
bacon or pancake fruit crepes frozen
bananas bloomin onions shrimp basket
Korean barbeque is it fat-free do you
know oh yeah for the camera freakin hot
dog I like when you wearing jackets oh
really yeah I love I love hoodies I like
jackets
give me model it for me wait you weren't
going with dang what a copycat hey you
know what I thought was funny one time
oh you did a great job when people
thought that you and I will share shoes
yeah they were like why are you wearing
board shoes you don't have always bark
or why's part wearing your shoes oh
that's not it yet
yeah so they think we will share shoes
oh that's yes
I'm not on one yeah
try is a good
I've even knows how to order
Nadeem always orders the most artificial
shit that is even exist in the world to
win so this porn you're drinking Sunkist
more soda
what the hell is that water this is the
inside of a glowstick false kind of
occur in nature but why is the boba on
the top let's up over this
oh fuck brain freeze alright so we have
a list all the shirts you got a knockout
I don't know if you're gonna catch any
of that cuz it's really windy I wasn't
paying attention to what he said but he
said he's gonna run on the beach oh no
my shoes and then something about these
shorts Wow
what kind of filming technique is that
what kind of camera is that dude we came
here to shoot and this guy is freaking
already challenged down no we came here
to shoot dude we came here to shoot for
the new merch and look at this guy's
already where's your camera your cameras
no to be found what are you wearing
you're in the olive green yes women's
tea I am oh yeah you should tell them
that we actually are skinny you
something that we actually have women's
tees and some of these old stuff so all
the women to fit men we do and it's it's
very nice this very snug and it's very
form-fitting so it makes me look like
yeah if you look at this leave its here
instead of down here yeah that's all the
all the old so we have the women's stuff
so if you are looking for a women's
specific sure you can get that all the
new news stuff like what I'm wearing
like there's a rebirth
we don't have women's stuff just yet if
you want that just get one a size down
but all of the low boats the old logo
tees the classics most of the are women
designs and this newly designed really
cool you get the order from the iPad and
also there's a conveyor belt that comes
with the yeah but it's like I don't know
something new about it how ordered your
water's I didn't know what else you want
it and the sushi guys are in the fact
making a Sushma Gooch
I love cooler I love cooler cuz it's for
conveyor belt sushi is actually really
good and I have some actually Japanese
friends I heard your pan
they actually approved for this place so
Daniel on the prowl
look at that stance just start graphing
then okay I don't know what down
describe it dinner oh oh sweet shrimp
damn soy soccer marinated salmon yeah
yuck Oh I'm actually really excited
barbell again for the longest I had it
work custom barber I don't want
maternity barbell oh yeah you're getting
there they're more and more beautiful
every day all right so this is brand new
I just realized you can order on this
iPad day how do you do it Evan can you
just drink water for one day
oh my god how do you order it's like 10
or 15 plates because they want to
take all your money yeah the more plates
you put in the more like a video game
yeah totally a new bosses appearance
Oh defeat it and then once you do enough
they give you it oh oh that's what I bet
you wanna take your money for a Hokkaido
scallop yeah take that one money that's
my work for it I work really hard so I
could buy jump ship to to look honest
cops and just like that
if frickin appeared right here damn
that's fast
oh yeah I need some puns at all to do
this justice and technology is it so
awesome the delivery system of delivery
disposal system is so you just we're
done with these plates you just take it
and just done them
since 1980 but this is a video game
already you have nine play wait for the
video - oh no 12 what's the record then
you want lion else maybe one you go so
why did little balky come here yeah and
why don't you have a camera and a half
yet drink water drink your freakin water
healthy water basically when you insert
enough yeah kill the monster and as a
reward he gives you
damnit yeah
maybe this is your a roll of tape what
is that skinning it is if you're right
it's literally
washing tape what's a Washington let's
watch the tape
Wow
awesome hey Kimmy just got home there
was an awesome day of shooting a me and
my parrot mm II missed a boy and it's
cool to see him resting so peacefully
cos grandma did such a good job taking
care of him I feel like he's gonna wake
up soon because it's 9:00
and that's his feeding time usually
right on the money between 9:00 and 9:30
your wakes up it's a deep and it seems
like the puppies missed us they're right
around us hanging out and tell me to
comb got thirsty it's fine
ready - mrs. - mrs. oh the cute young
scratch my stomach okay that's our kids
all right so just got home with an
unwind and relax protected a bed and put
icing off the bed see you guys tomorrow
tonight
