dangerous cliff keep away follow the
rules dragons do exist dragon here we
have one of the spas this is about like
I think because it's all Celsius so it's
40 degrees Celsius about like about a
hundred if i'm not mistaken oh this is
one of them there goes part here I go
again hopefully I'll fall and then this
one was actually pretty cool because
this one is about 80 degrees but it
gives you like a massage while you're in
the pool it's pretty dope but this is
the one that's cool that's called that's
called spa fish I thought now from the
nice fishes eat all your dad's good I
think she's kind of scared because they
also tickle so they're eating your dead
skin
this bestpeach there's all these fishes
in there people would normally submerge
themselves in it aids lay in it and the
fishes go to work we go to town on your
dead skin honestly I never wanted to do
it I'm a big pansy but I'm just going to
stick my hand in there there you go oh
my god it feels crazy they're just
eating my dead skin they survived I'm
dead skin it tickles so much I bar high
bar high bar
little does he know I'm going to kill
him in about five minutes oh well hi
there mr Wood clubbing master
haha oh they're making a little heart
also well this ball they're fighting
never mind what happened here we have he
and the way you know t is good is one
point in two leaves here and the best
quality T is always being picked from
the top layer so the very very top all
this is all the good teeth and then at
the very bottom is more like okay Logan
on go find it yeah only had it put on T
info for ya
