hey what's up guys I'm on set right now
filming another skit and all the guys
are upstairs doing their scene and all
of us were just here waiting until we go
up I will be dressed a crazy dominatrix
suit I'll show you so this is what I
will be wearing later on today that's
not me she's really really hot she's got
bigger boobs she's got bigger boobs too
that's Queen in the background check her
out Queenie Ito in YouTube and then you
know she's the one producing all our
stuff she was like this producer so like
I said which is chilling um you guys are
almost done and then we'll move on to
the location number 2 where I will be
getting my dominatrix on here we have
Jason chin being a little you can't
touch chubby you get him where's the
donuts perhaps what's up with that oh
they're getting lazy I was look at him
he's touching everything
he just keeps touching it I know what
was in that you see guys you touch it
you eat it can't even wash his hands I
did why you have to eat Anita wash his
hands that's he got a different one it's
crazy
he touched this look at Jack right there
you see that that's his finger mark but
look at what he has in his hand and he's
about to eat that one you have to Jason
we have to say for yourself thank you
subscribe you check out this tank the
only fishes in this tank are on the
wallpaper behind it yep
the big-ass tank right friggin huge so
big go check up that's the only fish
that's in there
wallpaper that what's up with the
fucking fish tank if there's no fish why
you didn't stick it up at my asshole you
are a bitch don't you dick home in a
bitch unless it was cold that day that's
why I wear the hot tub I told you what a
g-string but it was cold and I could
have figured out what was the front or a
back of the g-string
you stupid asshole you have to stick to
the plan and stay committed you did with
a g-string
you only want a basa and that's why we
fail you are just all about taking me on
an inner tweenty to my okay for every
single subir you're working really hard
it's been sleeping this whole time yeah
that looks like a live face right there
Sabo from the white okay
