good morning guys what's up football as
well
so um I cut my bangs the other day eat
there it's getting too long when I would
wear them down and then we straighten my
hair it would like cover my eye so I cut
it but when I cut it always cut it in an
angle so it'll start long here and then
it goes up this time I kind of sneezed
go one up
not bad right
and I went up and then I'm right up look
at that that is freaking oh freakin oh
my god that's it two inches away from my
eyebrow I look like a retarded kid looks
like somebody just like cut my hair with
their teeth are alike
I can't wear my hair down look at that
oh my god that's freaking hilarious I
just do myself a favor and cut it this
short all the way across huh oh man
hilarious the stuff I do but you know
what it's just hair I don't care I'll
rock it I'll rock the down syndrome
hillbilly look it's all good cuz you
know what I have confidence in myself so
you need confidence confidence anything
looks good on you I'm going to wear this
hair with pride and if people did talk
crap you know I'll probably join them
but like yeah you're right it does look
dumb I agree I'll probably start bagging
on myself to you know I have confidence
confidence for the win
