look at that I'm good as the ears when
dogs have their ears like that
that means they did some think that okay
Tyson get his ears they're not up he's
just scared right so if you ever see
your dog do this trust me something bad
I'm just a normal day normal routine
nothing out of the ordinary but I see
this on the floor as I walk in that
right there is an eighth show why is it
on the living room floor because of that
what he did it see the ears believe it
that and guess who this little sized
Cape was that one right there the ones
staring at the wall see here patches
know she did something bad to all that
horrible horrible look at that let's
garbage everywhere do your dogs do stuff
like this please let me know
I bet they do how do you stop them from
doing this hmm I just got home and
something was kind of strange when I
first walked in check this up hmm Tyson
will only come on his bed like this when
all the lights are off but again
Tyson look at the ears they're back know
exactly what that that means he's doing
crap he's not supposed to do guess what
else makes all look at Patrick staring
at the wall and not at me
it could only mean one thing Oh God look
at that he did it again he did it again
again two days in a row two days people
would miss him I got it I'm gonna teach
him how to use a freaking broom and the
mop so every time he does this prep he
paid for it by picking all this mess of
things up it's so smart guys what would
you guys do in my situation he has had
similar stories of TS have any
suggestions anything at this point we'll
help
