so it looks like this camera is making
it another day for those of you that
don't know yesterday we went to a park
with the pups and Tyga and I am so
stupid I dropped this camera this camera
is like a mini you know like let's take
a point-and-shoot it's nothing really
fancy so when I dropped it it definitely
takes a toll and like the the dial is
not working there's like this flash
thing on it that just keeps popping up
and then once it pops up it turns off
the camera so I'm surprised that it's
working right now but it's really cool
because it's Monday and I don't know why
I said it's really cool because there's
nothing really cool about that other
than I woke up today and I'm very
grateful but yeah heading to the gym
right now I'm gonna have a meeting with
Wren and Demi okay Remmy cuz they're
just one person in my mind and having a
meeting with Remmy and then I am going
back home to pick up Tyga and we're
gonna see a physical therapist because
this dude likes to fever the right side
more than the left so he's always like
this so now it's his left sides a little
bit tight so he's gonna get massaged
this kid is fucking cute he's already
getting spa treatments but yeah and when
mom is life you have a stroller in the
front seat I don't know why we have a
stroller in the front seat and when mom
is life you have a pacifier underneath
the little car seat thingamabob er base
car seat base yeah I'm waiting for the
days then I start doing the weirdest
shit so yesterday okay I mean backtrack
I'm already jumping too many steps in my
mind so yesterday wait I just did it
again
Wow dude okay so I'm breastfeeding
that's
start so because I'm breastfeeding for
those of you that don't know your
nipples just start leaking when you
think about the kid being hungry you
hear the kid crying or or you just you
just have way too much titty milk and it
just needs to come out so what I do to
prevent it from leaking onto my bra onto
my clothes I have pads right like I have
these like plantation pads and they're
just like little think of like cotton
nipple covers right but they don't
necessarily go on your nipple they go on
the bra to cover the nipple area okay
you guys got the visual all right so I
didn't have any of those on me so I was
using a tissue and I was feeding Tyco on
my left boob so I'm like oh shit if he's
feeding on my left boob my right boobs
gonna start lactating so I just got like
a random tissue and I just put it there
right and then once he was done feeding
I'm like whoa I can take it out now but
then I forgot and then I forgot what I
was doing oh I was changing so that we
can go to the park like you guys saw
yesterday and then I had the weirdest
shit I'm like what the hell I look in
the mirror at my bra
and then there's like this out like like
this perfect rectangular outline and
that's because I had a fucking tissue in
there but that's like a very mild story
I think I'm gonna start flipping my shit
when I have like I don't know
like GI Joes in my makeup box or
something or like Legos in like my lunch
you know so that's the stuff I'm looking
forward to I'm definitely a very weird
person but anyway enough driving
walking because I know you guys really
just like that and I'd love that you
guys really just like that but trust me
I'm a professional I know what I'm doing
you see how many but pay attention to
you guys I am just looking at the road
and holding it to my face making sure my
face is in it although I'm not even sure
you want my face to be in it but I'm
putting it in there anyway and
occasionally so I treat you guys the way
I treat a passenger so you guys are
literally my passenger
if you guys wear your head would be here
and we would be like this and we would
be having a conversation so that's
literally what I doing so you don't have
to worry too much about my safety or
though those around me I'm not gonna
kill anyone today I promise but oh
another good thing is I don't text and
drive
ever anymore I used to do it a lot I was
very guilty but once I got pregnant with
Tyga Tyga Tyga um I completely stopped
that but yeah she should be proud of me
I'm proud of you guys
I'm gonna stop to read to you now I've
been doing that a lot
I need coffee but I'll see you at the
gym
Wow yeah you're right we were spotting
her so you're supporting bad habits
Wow so Filipino
that's
what happened she fucked up again all
right so this morning
just competing suggesting
Wow
Wow Julia
bread but combine that and it's pretty
all right just finished meeting with
Remy and I couldn't record the meeting
just because there's some really cool
top-secret stuff that I cannot wait for
you guys to hear and know about in
regards to the gym but yeah now I am
gonna rush my ass home I think I'm gonna
be late
so you um try to make it to Tyga's
appointment which I don't think we're
gonna make it I'd have to call them
so he's appointment at one o'clock it's
in Pasadena and Pasadena is a city
that's about like 30 minutes away from
me because I guess where his doctors
offices there's no real direct bralette
there's no real freeway so you have to
take all these like surface streets so
it's at 1:00 and it's 1218 right now so
hopefully they can make it I'm gonna
call them like I said I feel like I'm
talking in circles
mom and hopefully we don't miss it
and now did I mention I'm fucking hungry
yes fucking hungry I only had seven
Oreos today serving Oreos and a glass of
milk and that was like at 6:00 in the
morning so I had it sent my life so I'm
home now and my mom has the coolest
techniques for tyka look self-feeding
this just this is what you get from
experience I'm always holding his bottle
and how many times does Bart show me
hold his bottle but look he's doing it
himself mom you're a genius this is so
cool look at that I do but I don't have
to hold it at least look he's not gonna
you going to sleep in it
that is awesome oh I like him getting
nice in the arms and then this is from
another fan you guys made a custom
blanket for tyka and guess what Tyga's
using it thank you
psycho says thank you goodnight Ike ah
good night
alright so I don't know what I'm gonna
do now never to sleep maybe I should say
well it's a funny
mom says she's leaving I am fucked it's
okay
we had a good weekend without grandma
huh didn't we J everyone's going in on
me today what the hell but yeah I'll see
what I do with this time see you later
dude
he's just looking at me like put that
shit away mom I'm not trying to talk to
anyone right now mom look at that
attitude you haunted someone that's
eating have so much attitude
you should be happy all right so I'm
calm calm guru you can't go home right
now I got my boy in the pouch he likes
this budge the best huh baby we were
just having a conversation but he saw me
pull up the vlog Cameron he's stopped
talking he's like no mom I'm not working
right now someone's going to sweet stuff
later I always say bye to him every time
he sleeps
I go you little bitch have fun see you
later my dude bye
he's going sin you born dream on which I
have no idea what that consists of no
dreams huh I think his brain is just so
stimulated and continues to break shit
down in his head you later dude
kangaroo mom is coming to town
kangaroo mom is coming to town
kangaroo can't go boob baby and can't go
boom mom
kangaroo town okay fine I'm sorry I'm
sorry so I go back to see sorry your
mom's an idiot I'm so sorry you had no
choice
you had no choice your mom's so stupid
goodnight
