morning this is probably probably the
most chilly Oh fine Tyson in the morning
and it's the cutest thing because he
only sleeps on this bed right when I'm
about to go to bed or when this house
gets dark he just goes on here so it's
really or early in the a.m. what I don't
have my makeup on so you can't see what
my face looks like just yet just trust
me I'll scare you guys makeup is ready
kind of
I don't put on like anything crazy mom
because we just because I'm going to the
gym but I just put like a primer on just
so that my face doesn't look all blotchy
getting like this color didn't stuff but
look at the hair
ahaha this is like when I take a shower
at night and just let it air dry this is
what happens looks like a mess look at
that oh my god I wouldn't be surprised
if like Birds to try to nest in here you
just start flying
we're gonna go to the gym pretty much I
don't like doing anything crazy with my
hair and I go to the gym all I want is
it not to be on my neck and just to be
out of my face because I freaking
perspire a lot when I work out on so
yeah I don't want my hair getting wet
Inspectah means that it's pretty gross
that's a reason why I always cut off my
shirts and then it's all cut off the
sleeves and I always tucking it to my
sports bra like so likes to play
volleyball in college so I'm used to
wearing it this way see just so that it
gets out of my way and out of this area
here so yeah I work out the same way
today I will be doing a lot of cardio so
it's there's a cycling class at the 24
I'm going to do the second class for
about an hour so it's just keeping your
heart rate up constantly moving just
perspiring like crazy and after the our
cardio session and I go and do abs for
like another like 20 to 30 minutes when
it you're ready to go to the gym um what
I love to take with me is this it's like
a little back pop um it's just made out
of like just like windbreaker type
material um yeah it's really thin you
can just throw it around everywhere and
inside of this bag I carry an iPod for
music yeah it's kind of an older iPod
but hey it does the trick
normally on this need to like electro or
house or I really really really really
really like listening to just crazy
aggressive hip-hop um just as it gets me
and that beast mentality and I feel like
I can just dominate and I'm just like
earth even on poppy that's the only like
five pounds but hey
my head I'm a beast okay I will carry
gloves I always carry these gloves with
me um even though like today for example
I'm only doing Marty oh but I still
carry them with me because I don't like
to leave them around anywhere because
the days that I do do free weights and
stuff or I'm listening um I don't want
to do not have these and then get
calluses on my hands so as a girl you
don't want to shake her hand and like
hey what's up it's all like wow like her
hands are rougher than a dude's like
what's up with that
so I weigh this because um the the
barbells or you know like the free
weights and stuff they have like these
little ridges and when I'm like ripping
on it and I'm like doing curls or
whatever
I start getting calluses here so to
avoid that and to maintain my feminine
curly honey's I use gloves another thing
I always have with me are for mark
cardio
my name is it's this it's a knee brace
um and it just goes over your knee so it
goes like this
I'll show you well you don't obviously
put it this way you put it underneath
your clothes but yes to just give your
knee support the only reason why I have
to wear this is because like I mentioned
earlier I played volleyball for quite a
few years and I would refuse to wear
knee pads so I was a little you know
that's the tallest person in the front
in the middle
walking inning and all that good stuff
so I was never really in the back having
the pads so I was in a setter or like I
had to do crazy dives and maneuvers to
just pick up a ball and set it um so I
just felt I never needed new pets um so
I never wore them especially during
practice but yeah when we would die well
we've got to do some killer digs I would
hit my knee against the court floor and
after years of abuse my knee just
sticking the middle finger at me and
it's saying screw you I'm old I hate you
so I'm gonna give you a lots of things
another thing I carry with me is
this because I don't like rubbing my
sweat on my shirt if I have a sweater or
whatever I'll just do like this thing
yeah I don't only like that whole sweaty
feeling so I always have this thing but
I always carry it on my body because if
you put it all on machine like hell AHA
dirty are those machines so I rather
avoid any other person's cooties so I
bring my own towel and I carry it on my
body just so that I have my own police
what I use for motivation and I always
carry with me because I want to look
like this one day is this magazine look
at that but it's sexy that's what I want
to look like totally just kidding and
the last thing I have with me is wire I
know they have water fountains there
that normally has cold water but I if
I'm like working out intensely I really
like to leave the area that I'm in if
anything if I need a break I just stand
next to you know the area when working
out and I just put breather get run unit
of rest and then maybe like a little sip
of water and boom I hit it again yeah
that's pretty much what I carry in my
little pack that's it that's all I
carried to the gym
um I don't ever take a cell phone I just
feel like a major distraction and I
think it's the weirdest thing that
people are running on a treadmill and
they're like either texting or you know
talking on the phone and I'm thinking
hmm
if you're gonna do that then you know
just why are you been working out
because you should be working out to the
point where you can't even speak that
means you need to tear it up just some
food for thought for you folks on your
cell phone I don't get it don't work out
just quit life you're failing I'm just
kidding
