hi how have we been it's been way too
long I know I know my bad guys my bad
just kidding no but seriously i'm sorry
i haven't posted in awhile I've been
super duper busy no excuses I know
however if this makes things a little
bit better I missed all of you guys
movie I have and I thought about you
guys every single day because I'm just
like oh my god I need a posting you to
post any to post but I never find the
time to do it so finally I yell too much
I know anyway so what have I been busy
doing now for those of you who don't
know I work with justkiddingfilms check
them out here I work with them and I do
mainly all the business aspect of um of
just kidding films so I do merchandising
marketing um booking just you name it
that's outside of creatives I do it so I
wasn't busy doing that and something
that I've been working on or our most
latest project has been t-shirts for you
guys um for those of you who don't know
we have currently we have three shirt
designs out so it's uncle punch
underwear model and big shit so we've
those have been on in circulation for a
while now and it's I think it's about
time what you guys think it's about time
that we have a new shirt design yes so
that's what I've been working on um and
the process isn't the easiest cuz uh
what happens is you have to think of the
design first right so once you finally
have the design you need to get that
vectorized and pretty much it's like a
digital file of your design so let's say
you sketch draw something then they
can't they can't just move that directly
from your pencil and paper and then put
it on a t-shirt what happens is they
have to digitalize the file pretty much
and then then they can do the whole soap
screening and all the printing and all
that so the process that we did for
example is we put the design together on
Photoshop right from Photoshop then I
give it to someone else because i have
no idea how to work illustrator so i
give it to a graphic designer that works
on adobe illustrator they vectorize the
file and then from there i find somebody
that does printing so in the printing
it's just not you know finding any
random Joe and then um saying hey you
know what I have this is this design
printed know there's a particular shirt
quality that we want so we want it
really thin we want it ought to have a
certain cut through it not only that now
I have to go into the actual ink that
we're going to be printing on there's
different types of inks there's a
discharge there's water based there's
plastisol there's so many different
types of ink so we were looking for
something more light and thin just so
that it's comfortable to wear because I
know when I wear a t-shirt I like to
wear the ones that are like the oldest
because that's like when the cotton is
the softest for me at least so i had to
find a person that um had the particular
ink and i also sold the shirts together
with um for what I wanted um and then
from then from there at least I have to
like get all the measurements at as far
as you know where i want it to be placed
how many inches from the color how many
inches from the bottom how big i want
the font to be um just the whole
placement of the design if i wanted
off-centered if i want it centered if i
wanted you know top right corner bottom
left corner yeah so um we were just
going back and forth with a t-shirt
printing company and finally it will be
coming on in a few weeks so that's one
of the projects that I'm working on
another one is our website we don't have
it up yet however we just finalized that
design and it's ready to go it's being
programmed as we speak and soon enough
you guys are going to see it you guys
are going to be able to check it all out
get into our
personal life and just dissect
justkiddingfilms inside and out so it's
gonna be so much fun I can't wait
another thing that I'm working on is I
don't know if you guys have noticed it
but cooler than just getting filmed up
YouTube page and check out the banner
that's up on top of the actual YouTube
page and it says just kidding bones and
all that so I put that together I
actually if you guys hate it I'm sorry
because I did it and I have no idea what
the hell I'm doing but yeah I put that
together however the design EIC that
justkiddingfilms that's written out a
script that script font it was actually
done by a good friend of ours on his
name is just in those de la puesta check
his stuff out this guy is amazing like
if you guys want any work done he's the
dude to do it um because he's just so
quick at envisioning what we want just
getting that design with him was another
project so there's so many different
little projects that I'm working on and
I promise from now on I will actually
show you guys the whole process from
beginning to end so that you guys could
see that it's not as easy as it looks at
least behind the scenes for me um so
that's what's kind of been keeping me
from you guys and keeping me from you
know vlogging more but um like I said I
will be doing my best now to just take
you guys through the process so I just
explained to you guys about the recent
projects that I'm working on our and I
can't wait to release to show you the
final product because I just think it's
fun to just create something out of
nowhere so pretty much we created
something from just a simple idea and
the end result is going to be a tangible
product so that's always exciting to me
I love creating on like I've mentioned
before and I catch I can't wait to just
take on more projects and and have it
start from air to have that tangible
something at the end so yeah that's
pretty much what i've been doing also
all sauces also um I've been in a couple
of videos so check out the most recent
one i did was with Zhaan nigahiga and
kevjumba scope it out here I have a very
small role in it but it was fun
nonetheless KevJumba or Kevin and
nigahiga Brian Kevin and Ryan are just
totally fun to work with totally chill
people really cool people um and yeah we
just came out in one of their art
nigahiga skits knows a lot of fun
another one if you haven't noticed is
the most recent video up for just
kidding films and I want is the ultra
v-neck I love that concept so you see I
think a lot of people are calling that
number don't call that number it's not
real but I know a lot of people have
been calling it um but don't don't call
it but yeah ultra v-neck I actually came
in out with to UM for all of these
sheets I'm always either going to be
right in front of the camera I'm always
always always always always behind the
camera doing sound and making sure that
you know we don't pick up wind noise or
barking dogs or lawn mowers or people
talking really loud I'm so I'm always
monitoring that stuff um and that's what
I do behind the scenes again um I know
you guys showed you guys that I do the
sound stuff and some of my other videos
but like I said again I will make sure
to take you guys along the behind the
scenes of justkiddingfilms business side
I guess alright so thank you so much for
patiently waiting and not like sending
me hate mail for not showing you guys
anything bids I'm so sorry about that um
but from now on I will be more on top of
my posting game and I will keep you guys
in the loop I don't want to neglect you
guys you guys are my favorite and like I
I've missed you so yes stay tuned i will
be doing another video shortly alright
guys thanks again much love muah bye
