it just finished raining out here in
Texas I'm not kidding the street is wet
see that everything is wet out here
everything is wet but please tell me how
hot is it out here it's hotter than
Tam's bombs oh yeah so everyone knows an
asshole is really hot because your ass
cheeks just stick together so the center
of it is really hot so I'm not wearing a
sweater because I would freaking die so
it's probably a good 80 degrees right
now and I'm so confused
I don't know what I'm supposed to do am
i it's raining but it's hot like what
what's up so we're going to enjoy some
nightlife at Texas on the famous 63 tab
explain to me what's poppin 64 bars
clubs everywhere and the food and the
food you got food everywhere so what's
so what's up with what's up with food
what's up with food you got everything
you want like you name it it sounds
extreme so is it all like these little
trucks yeah all these little trucks out
Allen's extreme like they're gonna be
everywhere like you should anyway so
this is sick Street and they actually
block off the entire street so that
people could just chill we just finished
up sick Street
we're here in Austin honey okay okay all
right look at all these people see
what's up oh yes I don't know everyone
is running
why are you ready gonna get my singing
on gonna get all American Idol
look at that 4:30 a.m. just got in and
I'm just beat
tired ready for bed and that's all I'm
gonna do but it's Saturday morning today
and we are actually late start we went
to sleep
pretty damn late or early in the morning
we all woke up at 1 o'clock right now
take out the long line in front of
Nicodemus the longboard is a bull
apparently this drawing is famous yeah
this dragon is famous some famous artist
that family came here and did that shit
I don't know why the fuck it's famous I
could do that show so it's almost
Showtime and I'm backstage getting all
the nice costumes ready check their
costumes try to get such as which what
what clothes go to what particular
character so that supports characters
there I don't have Jose here they are
getting ready that's rjq dressing room
that's what the guys do to get ready can
you hear them are you yelling they're
stretching and warming up their voice
just so that nothing goes wrong on stage
but right now because I know something's
a little bit of that a bizarre I didn't
piss what my camera has it's like this
little chemical on top and I could slip
it so I could flip the camera so that
aren't the hurt that physically turn the
camera this way there's like a little
come in and just switch the the camera
over but while it's looping over on to
the other side then that's when the
whole image gets altered and jacked up
there's my explanation for why look like
an avatar but now I think it's just a
blue body ball in front of my face
whatever doesn't John man I'm center
stage right now so here's where the
audience will be sitting all that
it looks cool when it's empty and
there's another level of folks up there
so you got 9 o'clock 9 p.m. and here we
got all the different costumes the guys
are just waiting right now for the act
to wrap it up so that they can introduce
myself almost none I think about another
they're like 40 minutes and then talk to
actor party I'm so hungry the last until
I had Susan's up one o'clock when I woke
up oh so bad I've never woken up that
day I swear but I went to sleep at the
bottom o'clock the night before so
that's my speech all right I got a
little we gotta go back up
bye the show is over finally the guys
did such a great job the crowd loved it
everyone wants them back everyone's
trying to do sexual favors for them now
but of course they're professionals so
they're declining left and right and
finally we're gonna go grow
finally we school just had some bomb-ass
there it is campus that's what we will
be having a good old success today at
unity at UT and now we're gonna just
relax chill enjoy Texas live here not in
Cali no more females don't give a shit
they just start throwing up look at that
right to karaoke that's what's up now at
Barbara Jordan terminal finished having
breakfast at Waffle House there's coal
because there's only 35 dollars for five
people and it was naturally
hash brown like the whole nine only
thirty five bucks five people only in
dances
getting ready to go back home on had a
lot of fun last night I made a lot of
great people
waiting it's gonna be a three-hour slide
so can't wait to be back yeah I'm back
home made it safe and sound from Texas
and now I'm gonna go to sleep
catch y'all later oh and I'm gonna get
back to you with that creative question
I'm gonna answer it and that's gonna be
my next post piece
