yes I am you guessed it on another
cricket airplane just landed right now I
am currently in austin texas off home
reduce me because it's freaking 95
degrees out here and i'm freaking
sweating like hot tail I know that was
Joe Joe finally came yay finally hello
austin airport look at those guitars
place is really neat sure beats LAX just
kidding la I love you just lied it here
and check out the patriotism that Texans
have I love it
fail just got picked up but in Texas
okay Holly do it no joke Cowboys it
happened I'm sure ain't about to grub at
Rudy's Country Store and BBQ it's known
for being the worst barbecue in Texas
Yeah right everyone keeps saying it's
hella good let's go inside and check it
out yo Andy where we at man oh yeah you
two look how beautiful is you wanna say
the horse look go say the horse this
fucks about a u-turn on you haha I think
you failed yeah so we are university or
actually UT we're gonna get a tour from
Andy right now so stay tuned to so we're
here and i'm here with 10 to the power
was out so i'm here with that anyone
yeah so we're just checking out the
venue day before we're going to perform
the scope it up check it up there's bart
again this weekend speaking flogging but
we have this stage this is where all the
emceeing is going to go down this is
going to fit a bow they're telling us
about 1,200 people so it's it's going to
be a pretty fun show and there's seats
up there too as well scope it out this
is where we will be performing i already
showed you guys the inside of the
auditorium and this is where it's gonna
all go down tomorrow night seven
and in front of all of you t University
of Texas it's going to be a great show
we have full freedom we're just going to
go balls out gonna like Texas style you
know go big or go home style so I can't
wait freaking excited I can't wait to
show you guys all the footage that I'm
going to record I can't even express to
you how freaking hot it is ramp maybe I
can so imagine you're sitting down and
there is like about six freaking 400
pounds moans breathing down your neck
that's how damn hot it is it's 95
degrees but it's a humid 95 degrees so
it's not fun I have a show you have this
chap stick right here right and it is
freaking melting it is melting
