hey what's up y'all welcome back today I
will be talking about a topic that has
been brought up quite a few times I'm
not the obvious ones like you guys have
been messaging me about but wanna put
together that's stood out to me um that
I'm surprised people keep asking me
about and that's if I have a tattoo what
why do I have to have a tattoo what
makes you think that I have a tattoo
what's up with that so here it goes let
me just tell you my views on what I
think about tattoos growing up when I
was a teenager I was a pretty rebellious
teenager like I mentioned before I grew
up in a very strict household so I was
what you would consider the black sheep
of the family
maybe the black sheep I really liked
things that my parents pretty punch
didn't so I was into the whole rock
alternative scene I like standing out I
didn't do all the crazy hair dyeing
thing I didn't do anything physically
crazy cuz I mean it wasn't allowed but I
always wanted a tattoo when I was that
like I think I was like 15 through 18 I
wanted a tattoo because I thought it was
like the coolest thing not because like
it was gonna be meaningful not because
you know of a deeper deeper deeper
meaning to it but I just saw like rock
stars and the rebellious movie stars and
just the cool crowd cool crowd um they
always had tattoos and it just looks so
trendy and so sick man I wanna be like
that I want to be just like that cuz
when I was a teenager I didn't want to
stand out actually wanted to be like
everyone else
dumb I know I wanted to be like everyone
else but it was still weird because I
wanted to be different do you not I mean
so by being different I just listened to
rock but everyone else did too so I was
like okay I'm driven I'm different but
not to a different where I'm like an
outcast in a weird oh yeah I was pretty
much a sheep growing up and thank God I
didn't get one back then because if I
would have the puck would have been
something retarded like a ninja turtle
right here or something somewhere way it
would be stupid or maybe like I would
have like I don't know
Tweety Bird like right here right there
so I would look gangsta so that was high
school thank God I didn't do it I'd look
freaking ridiculous right now moving
forward in my life
now I'm in like my early 20s where it's
the phase where I'm really trying to
figure out who Gio really is and I'm
like trying to experiment and see
different things and figure out what who
I really am so in doing that I started
really getting into like oh my god the
skin the skin it's it's so beautiful you
know it's like it's pure and it's clean
so I started thinking like oh my god
people with tattoos that's horrible why
would you ever want to mess up your
beautiful skin why and it would always
use this analogy I'd always be like so
if you ever buy a Lamborghini
would you ever stick a bumper sticker on
it no of course not
so I was like why would you do that to
your skin especially permanently and I
thought that everyone that had a tattoo
was like kind of like like they just
look dirty
that was stupid I know I quickly got out
of that face and I realized how stupid
and closed-minded that really was cuz
it's like that has nothing to do with
the person or their status or anything
it's like come on we live in the frickin
2000s now like why am I thinking like
frigging women can't vote era like what
the hell is that all about right
so my ideas about it changed and I
started thinking you know what everyone
has the right to do whatever they think
is cool whatever they feel you know
whatever they feel or whatever is
appealing to them who the hell am I to
be judging I'm not perfect why the hell
am I trying to judge other people so got
out of it but I still didn't want any
tattoos because I just felt like for me
you know what I'm just such a plain Jane
type of person and I'm always changing
my mind like I always like trying new
things trying different things so I
don't want something to permanently be
on me that I'm gonna get tired of or
that I'm just gonna get bored of and I
just want a change cuz I'm all about
change I always want to change
everything so
I was still like you know what I don't
want it yet um I kind of played around
with the idea for a little bit but I was
like yeah I don't think it's gonna be
for me yeah I can't pulled it I'm not
cool enough I can't pull it off I can't
pull it off so maybe a year later so I
really started getting more into the
tattoo culture and I started seeing you
know the talent that's out there as far
as artistically um and I really started
appreciating them more and more so I
started seeing different artists
different pieces I started really
understanding everything behind it and
Wow
wow it's really really a fascinating
culture to be a part of or just to know
of like the history behind tattoos like
a lot of people have that misconception
that tattoos are or were used for like
criminals or outcasts and stuff yeah
that's correct in some cultures they did
do that um they would brand the outcasts
or like preferred class status you know
they would brand-new for that but in
other cultures there was symbol of
bravery or it was just a rite of passage
so it doesn't necessarily carry that
negative connotation that a lot of sorry
but close minded people have about them
so in learning all of this it really
started changing the way I view these
things and now I still haven't gotten a
tattoo
I have no tattoos zero tattoos nothing
but I've been considering it here I even
drew something that I would want to have
done let me know what you think here's
one of the pieces I drew I'm actually
really really fascinated by flowers just
the complexity and all the color schemes
that they have and just how delicate and
beautiful they are so I just kind of
drew this it's it's not anything really
really spectacular here's a lotus and
then here's just a different point of
view of that Lotus it's nothing really
big but I was just trying to get
different designs if and when I'm ready
to get one it would most likely be a
lotus just because of you know what it
represents it's a flower that grows
in the mud pretty much in murky muddy
waters and it rises to the surface and
it blossoms beautifully amongst all its
imperfect surroundings before - I've
wanted to get a tattoo just because of a
deeper meaning right but because I do
somewhat a little bit just a little bit
I draw I would also want another piece
just because it's artistically beautiful
so those are my thoughts and views of
tattoos and thank you for all of you
that asked that question it's still
funny to be that you guys thought I had
it and you guys would ask me that
because I guess I seem like the type of
person that would have a tattoo
wait why why does it seem like I have a
tattoo
why why why this is anyone ask me the
most creative question and I would pick
one out of all the questions that I get
and I will answer it ask me really funny
random questions I want those I want to
answer it I want to answer the most
creative question out there thanks again
bye guys
