hey what's up guys it's a 1:15 in the
afternoon and we are here on location
shooting another skit so let's see check
it out behind me I'll give you guys a
little sneak peek see that right now
everyone is getting ready for see you
number one check it out everyone's
getting into costume here we have Joseph
all your ready boy here we have Joseph's
blog I started blogging friends
islandora bloggers here's Joseph with
his Hello Kitty Ninja Assassin see you
guys in a minute
right there no we have Bart with this
killer face paint on look at out weird
people look as they vlog like this guy
there's nobody around him look you see
you
he's talking about double rainbow well
if you've never been part of any type of
production for those who either have you
know that there's a lot of waiting while
they prepare things set up the shot the
audio you name it
sandstorm anything that uh you know that
they need for the shot they need to
prepare it so as a preparing we all just
wait
right now I'll be taking care of audio
again just like our second skit so this
time it's a little bit different so
again we have our what I have to monitor
here the sound levels and it's a it's
called the h4n and here is what is
picking up the sound from Bart and Joe
individually so Joe what they're wearing
they're wearing labs what labs are um
they're like those little mics it that
like who wears them
Oh your news people they wear it they
clip it on their clothes so that you can
just hear their audio only so it's just
picking up the Sun so that's I can hear
Bart on this ear and I can hear Joe on
this year so as they're recording again
you don't hear the ambient noise and
then you just pick up their voice so
that's what I'll be doing
there's Nate but a creeper so here we
have John it's a reflector to put light
you know Joe's face that's inside this
huge ask from be getting ready let's get
directed okay pretty cool on no filming
everything
Oshkosh B'gosh makes trucks to what look
at this
frigate Beasley gosh gosh gosh shit
homie so we're trying to set up see
number two check it out needs putting on
now actually it's a Steadicam it
prevents the kit like that whole camera
shake and it looks really dope so he can
run and stuff and it'll keep everything
pretty steady neat huh go bout all the
hard work I'm doing check out my shoes
will get my legs so today we're gonna
shoot so all this dirt between white or
read it and weep 6:04 and we are still
filming we're on our very because this
is my blog stupid joke anyway it's gonna
be the very last shot of the skit so yes
it's almost a wrap but not quite yet so
hopefully they can wrap this last scene
up in about like a take or two at max I
want like max five five takes a chance
why I decided to go off-roading
oh I swear I'm trying to keep it as
steady as possible what I can
