this is where I am walking through the
Hollywood Hills to get to the board at
the theater yeah for collapse or doesn't
Stephen for got my ticket bought it
check it out good idea what if we wait
applied look at this coffee got again
which you can check out my website pj/k
music don't believe on home let me see
the shirt hollow fix it what does that
stand for read it i mustache you a
question ah see what's up John he's just
a check on your blog but i wanna check
it out
so they taught me like an hour and 30
before the shows about the sockets are
ready you really have and it's outdoors
going to be a really /
pretty cool huh so it is intermission
right now and here I have in front of
you it is we got our YouTube oh my god
can ever autograph but your geo you guys
are just kidding films let's get your
autograph and just watch that
it's like it could be like a cell rather
okay all right we're announce our winner
Santa
fuckity whatever you want to do sounds
cool everyone's stomping their feet
right now and it sounds really cool and
it builds crazy acoustic for man happy
for you brother
check this out so uh we're done show's
over everyone did amazing and then I
find no available best little a
beautiful you want most talented angel
out there
check out to tell you
show's over we were about to head to the
after party but then my stomach started
Andy right now we are here aqua water
I've never been here before so I really
really hope will you let it be yummy I'm
gonna have in bed there you have it 247
am and I literally just walked in
through the door um from the whole
collab after-party festivities great
people great crowd great music so many
talented artists um yeah the food was
awesome the food was really good it's in
Hollywood so if you guys are in the mood
for thai food that food by far is one of
my tops but yeah be if you can see here
that's those are dark circles from the
lack of sleep so yeah thank you for
watching and stay tuned for more of my
adventures I have some more interesting
stuff coming up and lined up for you
guys so stay tuned goodnight or good
morning actually
