I love waking up to this position it's
his thinking pose
it's so cute me he's thinking and he's
looking at his mama he's got to knock
out well good boy need those lips though
you guys have full lips there's a little
black hole right there that's what we
had it's the abyss what's in there let's
chat
you need some chapstick buddy
I like his pose like this cuz he gets it
from his mom so ma Barrett
every time she's sleeping like if I look
coffee she's always sleeping like this
like this this like just always sleeping
always thinking yeah it's crazy genetics
this is literally like how you look so
comfy like he's about to knock out any
second that's the cover of High Times
right there can you imagine naptime is
just a bunch of babies anyone yeah I
don't know what's in High Times but
remove the weed in an ad people sleeping
yeah I think it's just weed weed culture
you know just show you different pillows
to nap on different locations to nap at
yeah nap times you know magazines are
dead
I started map times IG yeah that's easy
to start but she's knocking already big
wide awake look oh that is all the way
meat loaf the watchdog post mates came
through clutch once again
since we can't leave the house it's
always nice to order food ooh big slabs
of french toast what we got here we got
oh my god I didn't smile
scramble we always forget what we get
coz we order it before we're hungry it's
like an hour ago
and then it comes and it's like a
pleasant surprise this one is we got
roasted potatoes in the omelet you know
I'm like oh look at that tomato sauce
was that just ketchup I don't know that
feast in like Cannes
oh and pen cocks what else do you got it
Oh more folks butter I got okay you got
mint lemon again Josh remember that a
latte it's still pretty hot so I think
these are yours then right these are
yours
these are mine okay close the protector
time to turn on the tube and have an
awesome awesome morning that's your cue
to go down so we can eat then why are
your eyes getting bigger
we've pretty much been chillin at home
all day
just me and my parent IKEA has been
pretty awesome and watched like eight
episodes it's just one TV show called uh
the mind of a chef and it's about
cooking but one thing I realized that's
really funny is my view and from here
laying on this pillow while Mama's
breastfeeding and don't worry I'm not
gonna show you my bears titties of
course you fucking perverts but this is
my view and it's Thai cos freaking
crotch and his knees and this blue line
meaning he either P or Putin needs to
change his feet and there's ma bare
breast feeding into my face
Hika here you see his little feet a fan
actually gave us this outfit which is
really cute it's trying to make his way
inside is pretty
there's meatloaf I don't know where fun
is
oh there's my awkward meets oh look he's
gone fun is right there funny hey fine
hi baby
alright as for me I'm just gonna take a
stroll with tyka out here oh my god this
is like the bumpiest stuff ever sorry my
dude but I think he's sleeping I'm not
gonna raise the blanket just cuz it's
gonna blind his face but let's see if
he's sleeping nice pretty shade oh yeah
you are out my boy but yeah I'm gonna be
walking around this area while the dog
park is over there see how far it is
we're all the way back here yeah I'm
just gonna walk around with him because
I don't think it's a good idea to bring
a stroller into a dog park with all of
those dogs it feels like there's like 50
dogs in there right now just really cool
because Bart says the dogs have to get
their wiggles out which means if you've
been locked up and pent up so there just
have a lot of pent-up energy but they
just need to get out and smell different
smells and me different dogs and run
around and get all that energy out so
we're doing two things at once I'm
getting I got out so you can smell some
fresh smoky dirty Ella Eyre and so that
I can get some Sun and so they can feel
I think he really likes being in a car
because I think the vibrations put him
to sleep so having them in this car also
puts them to sleep but I have a
confession to make if this vlog is a
short vlog it's because I
and before I press record I dropped the
camera so it's being really funny and it
won't let me like zoom in and out that
well and it just turns off on its own so
I'm sorry
and boy talk gonna be like mama bear
he's are gonna be really pissed but he's
just gonna be like you're always on my
ass about not taking care of things and
there you go breaking in yourself so
we'll see how this vlog does from this
point but yeah oh yeah I wanted to show
you guys outfit which are doing it to
show you before because there's too many
things happening but it's super cutie
because one of you guys got this for us
and it has little furry feet and it's
pants and I don't know if you can see it
but if there's an ear here and there's
an ear here and there's a bear face
right in the middle and that's what my
boys wearing right now so thank you to
whoever sent us I don't remember but
he's wearing it it looks adorable he's
getting so big like now he's almost
outgrowing that newborn insert that you
put in here okay it's kind of bracing
all right I'm gonna cover all right so
decided to just Park it you see every
one of their dogs walking around out
here but I just took Tyco off of the
stroller and we're just chillin waiting
for dad just sitting on the grass not
doing much cuz this boy is knocked out
you are so chaotic we're gonna get a
report from him because he's just always
so anxious around other dogs so Bart is
look at this dog I was that lady just
letting him dig just digging his life
away look at this guy that's rude lady
oh yeah you think it's so cute it is
really cute what the hell don't let your
dogs
that's what I have to close the fucking
Park yeah Thomas stop nobody think it's
cute
damn it lady it was pretty damn cute but
that's not cool all right we got to
share this space but yeah we're gonna
wait to see what pallbearer said about
how meatloaf did just because it's an
extra dog and he get scared and since
that other dogs are scared he got scared
and stretched but it's the weirdest shit
ever so we're gonna wait to hear how he
did but tough words cute it feels really
nice out here it feels good to be
outdoors I wish I can see my dogs play
but then I also like people if I go and
I wish like right next door so there's a
dog park although this is a dog park now
on this side it's a little playground
it's a bunch of kids and stuff like it's
a pretty big little playground and I
wish taiko is old enough to play there
soon soon soon enough what am i wishing
for I'm wishing for him to get older
that's so stupid like stay this boy if
you never listen to one thing I say
listen to this don't ever grow up stay
this size please please
anyway alright you see that person over
there that's pop bear
I think the pup pups are done running
around and I think he's making his way
to us now
so I guess the good news is oh you can
see brig e right there and you see
that's fun right by that Kia car that's
briga meister and the good news is um
meatloaf didn't bite anyone and not that
we bring him thinking that he's gonna
bite anyone because we feel like he's
not gonna bite any dogs because there's
just so much going on he can't like
really establish you know who's the
Alpha who's beta or whatever but we are
very very cautious of it so we don't
bring a killer dog to the dog park that
we think is gonna really kill a dog so
what I was saying on that I was just
being really really exaggerated so don't
think I'm putting other dogs in a jar
I'm totally not it's just I know how
meatloaf is he likes to stress there's
just a big fucking baby
so they're coming to us now you see what
the report card is all right I know it
looks really really far but they're
coming toward us look at them they look
tired now they've been in there for like
20 minutes I think
come here meatloaf come baby love hi
Limpy lips good boy have a good time did
you have a good time good job baby oh
shit oh shit all of them oh shit you
have a good time what about him he I saw
him code to you different times are all
at once different times
I think was a really socialized small
dog went away a couple other times when
a small dogs run by he will start
running it on gonna stop me love you we
actually stopped in his truck oh good
job good job me love me love good job to
people like your tail anyone like his
tail because you never know the real
story being on what they're doing and
what I was saying was we don't think
that meatloaf is gonna kill anyone
because we wouldn't bring him to a dog
park if we thought he would kill someone
we're just very very cautious yeah I
mean people probably like that'ss guys
hello in this case but they don't know
him yeah all right well yeah I dropped
the camera
okay so I was saying to them that it
might not make it through the night I
don't know bad I can't so there's this
like dial on the lens right where I'm
looking at you guys where I can fix the
f stops to for the light to come in to
move that for the amount of light that
I'm allowing to come into the camera and
I can't turn that anymore I mean there's
another dial you can still use I can and
then there's this thing once I press it
it like it turns off but I mean it's
recording it's recording it's working
Tyga's have been knocked out not much
conversation happened there it was just
me and my thoughts really yeah sure
let's do it alright so we're done with
the dog park but that doesn't mean we're
done
so we're gonna kick it a little bit more
and go to this other Park that's right
next to the dog park and in that little
playground area I showed you Oh oh my
god it's so little this is usually where
we start equipment but obviously it's a
bigger version
it'll be like from here all the way to
like there but that's so cute it's a
little anyway yeah so we're taking
another show the boys like is still
asleep even though we're doing some sort
of off-roading are these are they
this is my family so Keaney this park is
really pretty part of me wouldn't mind
living by a park isn't it like when he
gets a little older I can take him there
we just walk there but then another part
of me is like then you have a lot of
strangers parking in front of your house
like I'm super territorial like it's
ridiculous how petty I get and some of
parks in front of my house and it's the
worst and I'm a fucking hypocrite
because I park in front of other
people's houses I'm the worst
yeah let me break from my house so we're
pretty this grass is that's when you
know you free you're from LA cuz you get
impressed by green grass like at least
III think I'm funny you get impressed by
green grass that one right behind you
right can I go on here with Tyga
oh I can dance someone's tired yeah
punch up punch um he doesn't even care
good boy he looks yeah yeah break them
break them
do you guys know that feeling no like
when you love something so much you just
want to fucking squeezes shit on it yeah
love that's a low along she's eating
grass right behind you
silly girl the launcher this drill is
awesome yeah I picked the good one that
person's out for sure I can't tell where
the head or the theater anyway
huh what
with a bunch of trees we're so sad yeah
those homes like stereotypical Hollywood
home you're talking about no birds or
like dodging over their braid behind him
that we're so sad
we're embarrassing all our la people's
for sure everyone's like come on not
everyone from all that is like this
maybe it's just bar denied maybe we're
just fucking super deprived and we don't
know all these really cool places but
yeah it was beautiful
I'm so happy see the sign drug-free zone
thank God because what do you mean oh
that's true but I'm glad that as soon as
you cross here that heroin is illegal
yeah cuz right here it's telling you
this is you don't do drugs here but over
here if you want to get high on crack or
meth that's perfectly okay so I'm just
good that they're keeping us park safe
yeah that's kind of how I feel about God
lost a neutral you know what cuz you
know it's funny to me this is I'm the
least person to stay neutral I I know
but this is one of the things I was
really funny to me was not which music
with my song but after the unfortunate
shooting in Vegas one of the people are
like they need to do something about
automatic weapons and make them illegal
and everyone's like you know automatic
weapons are already illegal right just
like you need to say making drugs
illegal it's already illegal adding more
signs I can't see any thug or I can't
see Walter White coming here and going
oh I'm not gonna sell my meth here more
laws don't fix things guys but this is a
case in point which I really like
truck freeze
I can't say that but just more laws
without trying to do anything about it
yes yes like the governor of Kentucky
he was like speaking upon the Vegas
matter he's already like there are there
are already laws against murder so
that's already illegal right so saying
that well knives are illegal cars are
illegal guns are illegal doesn't doesn't
matter that act of what he did is
already illegal let's not talk about
adding more laws let's talk about how do
we prevent stuff like this from
happening
yeah I think yeah not all laws but laws
on top of like the main not like you
said murder is obviously like the one
you don't do yeah all these other little
ones like let's not talk about that
let's fine print it preventive ways
which yeah it's just like drunk driving
is illegal and that's that laws already
passed you can't do that but people
still drunk drive like a motherfucker
what happens when they still cause
accidents they'll run innocent people
over they don't ban all cars because
there's too much money involved so they
can't do that of course they don't want
to but banning cars didn't solve the
problem now they're gonna get drunk and
ride a bike or get drunk and fly a plane
or do whatever yeah so prevent them from
going out that makes sense yeah it's all
cat okay you're so on alert I'm not
bringing sounds like their cause like
that her paws are okay this direction is
faces this direction what sucks is there
is a ton of dogs at the dog park and for
some reason my allergies just kicked in
so I gotta take my zyrtec surtex one of
my favorite where oh look at those fur
bottom shoes no it's a crying bear oh
shit I gotta take care of my nose first
where's my surtex like a crackhead let's
wear as much oh thank god
okay oh yes good thank God you never
close the deal quickly you opened it
I did open em in close I'm gonna get
soaked on my tongue absorb okay okay
hopefully I feel better but yeah but you
just got home these guys feel way more
relaxed now
thank God there were so energy pent up
it's not a little bear all the way you
got hungry I think my favorite is his
feets and I was telling you guys about
it earlier but now this is out of the
side of the car because speak a little
free yes bottoms yeah I'm convene the
biggest Asian crime Elias I better take
that off can't believe I did that
Oh someone committed a Asian crying
crying baby in my arm find you get an
excuse we picked up some food along the
way and also my meal preps got dropped
off today this is my meal preps for the
week this is how I try to stay on track
but we got some Lucille's barbeque
unlike those we got kinda hungry is
called in a phone order so wild mob bear
there's over there feeding feeding the
little bear I'll be over here setting up
a little din dins got some Caesar salad
try to be healthy get some vegitables
know that I got a slice of watermelon
gonna be healthy would you in my bear
oh we got some chicken strips Shyam's
walk and then she got out was that ooh
smoked salmon I got a baby back ribs and
barbecue chicken
try to stay Oh with the corn so trying
to keep it healthy high protein right
here and we got biscuits which I'm gonna
avoid not gonna eat yeah you're gonna
eat it all right what do you want to
drink babe I'll make you uh just water
that's it well ice cubes are not water
I'll probably get some grapefruit juice
about some grapefruit juice
I love grapefruit juice with ton of ice
I wanna get some tendons this is
multitasking at its finest
Bob Baer got the skills to pay the bills
drinking water dad skepticism my bit
drinking some drink chicken tenders in
the freakin wooden boat over there I
don't I always
I don't know I think I've just done it
so many times now I'm just kidding me
strip her kill him we got tight on the
b-boy posts well I got the side-eye
going on yeah I'm your mom dude yeah I
saw you come at me okay I need a
question that frickin side i side i tyka
that's his mafia name side i Atika is
there apple butter I remember they had
Papa butter here Oh am I I'm I have to
have a biscuit that I wanted to eat it
but I just don't have enough hand so
I'll do it for you how they feel it's my
job to fear I think Jackie made those
chicken tenders look hella gay oh I
can't expect it for me okay she knows me
solo I'll take both of them thank you
very much
breaky you can go bed now good night
is there your papa he's so happy yeah
you wit up you make little face with
your fuckin feet the Hans freakin gooey
gunk I spit up yeah you ready to go to
bed yeah well then we checking with the
other two you can go bed now what you go
to bed now let's go to bed come on you
like to follow us upstairs so lights out
down here hold on I have to hold it this
way lights on up there alright let's go
up and now we are going to bed net have
to bring these because I eat a lot so I
have a formula and you mix it with water
so yeah middle of the night this is what
we're doing
yes is so happy they just put you on the
bed are you so happy yeah you go to bed
now forget those pants oh yeah what is
that you looking at everybody hi
everybody my name's Tyler okay my
parents are gonna put me to bed now
I'm this translator good night everybody
thank you so much for watching see you
later bye ah
don't eat that tiger don't eat it
