finally the behind-the-scenes look of my
Boston editorial photoshoot is done so
this editorial piece was loosely based
around like 32 forties fashion so we had
a lot of integer clothing but we wanted
to inject that modern fashion into it so
that's all you'll see like the first
outfit has it's a blue dress and then I
have like a pyramid studded belt around
it so it's just the Kojo studios way of
you know
interpreting that era through their eyes
so moving on so it's 11:00 a.m. and
photographers darian that you see here
in front of you and Joe of Kojo studios
have already arrived in my my hotel room
and the guy that you see there applying
my makeup his name is V snow you can see
him here applying a very dark smoky eye
to give me that dramatic look here you
can also see Joe right in front of you
and Darian who are just running a few
test shots I'm already in my outfit
fully clothed makeup hair everything
done and they just want to make sure
that they have all the settings done and
everything is up to par so that once
they begin shooting outdoors they don't
have to really make too many adjustments
as I wait for the photographer's to
finish prepping I make sure to practice
my getting face and here is what a test
shot would look like we actually moved
out to the hallway Darian and Joe wanted
to just utilize as much natural light as
possible so here in this in this scene
what you guys see the main light is just
coming from the window behind me and
voila
this is the result of one of the hallway
shots I'm setting up a shot right now
trying to make sure the Lighting's okay
just waiting critics directed new
gorillaz thousand
be sweating
how's it shoots off hard to think of
everything every single body part what
about the wind
I'm sweating right now you can't tell
this is like it's not your kind of silky
but I'm still sweating my feet hurt like
I feel like arching my back
super extend everything
here is another photo of that particular
spot we really don't know who this
vessel belongs to it's pretty much
guerilla style I just ran into some
random persons backyard and I just posed
and magic again they made it look very
nice as I was putting on this red
lipstick Darian just saw the perfect
opportunity with the light inside the
car that was shining down they thought
it would make for a very dramatic shot
so here I am just kind of acting and
just reapplying the makeup just to so
that they can snap as many shots as
possible pretty cool huh and I really
had like this thick coat of red lipstick
on my lips yes here we're at location
number two and I'm sitting seriously in
a random strangers chair I as I was
sitting there waiting for a you know we
need to be photographed and holding my
poses I could like see the owners of
that home having dinner so it was pretty
funny luckily they didn't catch us
outside or see me through the window and
shush us away or like kick our asses and
tell us to never come back the location
Zoomer outfit too
you're not pretty it looks
location number three they happened to
see this arc hallway and they saw that
that opportunity again with the awesome
natural lighting there was no additional
lights there and they just told me to
stand there at first I was kind of
skeptical because I'm like wait a minute
the lighting is coming down at me so
it's gonna cast a shadow on my face on
top of that the Sun has already set so
it's dark and I'm wearing dark makeup
like how good can this possibly look but
hey I just trusted them and went with
the flow I know that they're pros
well if you haven't noticed I don't
really model I've never modeled like
this ever before if I ever did any type
of modeling it was more just joking
around or very very small like little
indie projects but I never realized how
physically demanding it is to model
because you just have to be conscious of
what your hand looks like what your leg
looks like just every single body part
at like you just want to get that give
the photographer that perfect angle so
it's really really really physically
demanding and by this point it's just
like you just you're tired and you just
have to hold every post because
sometimes the pose will work and you
know if it does work then they want you
to hold that pose where they just want
to snap that and they want to snap that
pose at every possible angle just so
that hopefully one of those shots can
actually work quite an example here my
elbow and my right leg and my feet were
just throbbing my elbow was hurting I
was like getting cold it was already we
started at like 11 this was already
probably like 7 8 o'clock at night and I
was just tired but you know you just
have to look refreshed you have to look
like every position that you're in is
the position that you want to be in so
man it's it's not easy it's not easy but
again here is a prime example of a great
photo and just what these guys can
produce I think these guys just use like
a Jesus camera or something because they
just produce miracles like I said I've
never modeled before so guys um like I
keep repeating I have never modeled
before especially anything like this and
I must say that I definitely have a lot
more respect for models out there before
I used to think like what the hell
modeling anybody could stand there and
look good you know especially if the
person's good-looking like how hard can
it be even if the person is not
good-looking like holy crap you just put
some you just splash some makeup on
their face and you know I'm just edit
their face on Photoshop if it looks bad
and then that's it it works right wrong
oh my god like seriously the day after
the shoot um my body was hurting so much
I felt like I had
like a marathon or something because
it's just it's just so demanding
physically for example um like I said
before you have to be conscious of like
the way your hand is you have to you
can't just pose a certain way and then
have it it's not going to necessarily
translate to what you see out here it's
not going to translate the image will
not translate on what the photographer
sees so you really have to when you hit
those poses you have to kind of
exaggerate it so if you're gonna put
your weight all on let's say your left
leg then you really have to stick your
thigh out and sometimes you have to hold
this particular post that already feels
uncomfortable you have to hold it for
like 20 minutes and not only that you
have to like you know sometimes you have
to you have to be in high heels all day
yeah being in high heels is frickin
uncomfortable after a certain point you
just you feel like your feet are just
non-existent because it's just going up
but you can't let your face show much
slope muscles show that you have to
pretend like everything is peachy and
that position that you are in that pose
that you're giving the photographer is
the pose that you are the most
comfortable in when in reality your back
is aching your hand is like cramping up
the balls of your feet are freaking sore
it could be freezing or it could be like
scorching hot you know what a good model
is always just gonna show that glamorous
happy face so yeah I mean it's it's
definitely not for everyone and you know
some people might agree some people
might disagree but that's just my
personal opinion on it because I have
experienced it now so my my my thought
about modelling has changed a lot and to
all you models out there I give you so
much more respect than I used to and I'm
so sorry that I lessened what your
passion was so keep it keep it going
models out there for me this this might
be the first and last one because I
really do enjoy behind the scenes more
than being in front of the camera
but hey who knows another opportunity
might calm my weight and and I'll take
it so I hope you guys enjoyed it and
here are just a few more of Kojo studios
photos that have already been edited so
check it out like I said these guys use
a freaking Jesus camera cuz I don't look
as glamorous as they made me look trust
me thanks guys
you
