so just literally peeled myself out of
bed today
because as you saw the video before this
one we were shooting and we didn't
really wrap anything up until way in the
late night technically early morning but
today's business as usual on today's
Friday and today's the day that I
actually fly out to Boston
so just go with the regular schedule
right now heading to the gym you see gym
clothes sports probably thing but first
I have to go and pick up some gum
because I ran out so must must must must
must get the gum before working out okay
so I did a quick gum run before I
actually head to the gym and I picked up
this one the layers Oh heaven so
freaking good and I picked up your basic
regular Wrigley's mitts spearmint gum
pack of three and when I feel a little
bit sexy I want to try something fruity
so here it is I got about nine ten
eleven twelve packs of gum this should
last me about maybe a week I'm just
kidding it should last me about two
weeks just got in from the gym had a
great workout it was more a cardio
session just because yesterday I did a
circuit and it did weights dumbbells and
stuff so today was just focused
primarily on on cardio so I imagine for
40 minutes and then I didn't even lift a
goal for another 40 minutes and then it
just finished it off with ABS so for
breakfast it's pretty basic it's pretty
clean it's very simple clean carbs clean
protein
um and what it is is here are the eggs
and I just picked these up at Costco
because I eat a lot of eggs every day so
like I said four eggs one yolk and then
i coat the pan with Pam cuz with Pam out
if you could see it my camera's not that
good it's zero fat zero calories zero
sodium zero everything so it's just good
way to not have your food stick to the
pan so once the eggs are done I just add
Cholula if you've never tried to Loula
dude try it I'm not the biggest fan of
spicy stuff but this is it's not like
like picante spicy it's just like
flavorful spicy so I really enjoy that
and then um I have my quaker oats here
oatmeal then I just use water as you can
see here I just boil water add that to
the Quaker Oats and then I just add some
honey and with honey I mean it's not
anything dirty they're really clean um
it's really clean sugar really simple
sugars so your body can break it down
especially after you have a really good
workout um thirty minutes after your
workout you really want to you know
replenish your body and give it all the
appropriate nutrients so eat healthy eat
clean and your body will thank you by
showing you it's amazing muscles so
about to grub here is the end result the
here's the eggs with the Cholula and
then the oatmeal in water and then my
water
