Bart just running from his stirring job
to take a shit literally Renan will
catch him for planetary later how does
the Dukey battle that was the Dukey
battle did you win no why would happen
you lost not to wipe my butt
300 times to get my butt clean I sell my
butt's completely that's clean that's
Nina that's Avery that's John and then
you know he's too young so here's neat
is Nate we're just done meeting now
we're gonna film we're gonna shoot a
funny comedic high production skit let's
go check out the inside of Nate's of
Nate's truck I'm gonna let part do all
the talking
so listen in
is having random stuff or no reason
there's just random shit in here
listen closely because Bart's doing all
my work then we got this spy where are
you from gonna spy all these random
things I get this cool stuff guns cock
whoa
oh we all know how to hold it shit what
the hell you live you get ya ladies
pissing doll God show me those policy
the size I like this why can't I just
sit break and this that looks so long
damn it actually you have to always do
hand signals and whisper Shh Barton Joe
at work right but you can't yet cuz it's
really dark
they look like two big black guys to be
Bee Gees with a must oh it's almost 12
o'clock still shooting um we're almost
done but the guys right now have a scene
where they have to wear war paint on
here's four very nice and now we have
Joe
okay just just yeah yeah well they don't
the all out yeah
hey just sparked about the party here
but you guys aren't running you guys
aren't tactical yeah so sort of us quick
water that's too quick because it's too
quick we don't even see when I push it
at me on this okay finally it's a wrap
thank you to Nate over here thank you so
now this place is looking like a home
again um so we have everyone just
packing stuff up anyway to do here's
James yeah Nina again so that's the
after of everything it was actually a
closet the whole time the lights were
coming from over here
see that Joe good the restroom I don't
think I've ever saw that there it is
hope you guys had as much fun as I did
