hey what's up guys Gio here nice to see
everyone again I hope everyone's been
doing well back from San Diego back from
back back from awesome weekend did the
acoustic what is it collaboration
acoustic BBQ on Sunday did FAP on
Saturday all day as you guys saw the
video before this one I was just beat
towards the end of the night and just
meeting people talking with people just
work work work work work the guys seemed
like they had a blast everyone else that
we run into had a blast so if you missed
it please watch my videos and you'll
catch little snippets of um of the show
and other performers and all the fun
that we have so moving on I just wanted
to just share with you guys what happens
behind the scenes because a lot of
people think that with YouTube all we do
at least just kidding thumbs all we do
is we try on it a camera and then just
hope for the best
no the fuck are you doing
yay party whoo
Barton Joe will actually touch on the
creative side of it Tyson what it might
do to you but why is he wearing a
t-shirt and I will be in charge of
talking to you on the management
business side of it hey what's up
