hey guys thank you so much for
everything thank you for all your
comments all your advice all your tips
especially thank you for all of you out
there who are like telling me about like
these delicious ice cream flavors and
like your jalapeno burgers and your
burritos and root beer floats that was
hella funny cuz I was like eh no it was
cool thank you please joke around with
me like that I freaking love it
um so moving forward now who is deal the
mystery no it's not really a mystery but
um just a little brief about me of four
siblings I'm number three of those four
I'm first generation here um I grew up
in a really strict very patriarchal
family where my parents were like hey we
came to this country and we got this far
in life then you need to do 20 times
better than how we did so this is your
set path in life fam bad bad bad bad
right so it's like go to school get your
degree get your career make money after
you make money you buy home you get
married and you have kids and you start
the whole cycle all over again so I was
pretty much raised that way um and on
top of that I'm a female so then with
the female it's like okay so you have to
do all the cooking you have to do all
the cleaning you have to be the
submissive one you know um so when I was
growing up I really hated that but now
that I'm older I can see the value in
what they were teaching me so growing up
that way I was kind of scared to really
go or stray outside of that set path
that my parents had already set for me
so I went to school and I majored in
business um when all along my heart was
really passionate about like anything in
the arts so when I was a little kid I
did the piano I did the ballet I did the
art school like I really enjoyed all
these things but I always remember my
mother being like hey come on let's be
real that's not gonna make you any money
and I worked in you know in my field for
a good three years and not not that I
was miserable but I always felt like
there was void so um luckily I
befriended Barton Joe a few years back
right as they were getting into their JK
phase and I started seeing what they
were doing and the passion that they had
behind it and on top of that the message
that was behind it so I'm like hey you
know what I want to be a part of that
and slowly I started letting go of what
my parents wanted for me
I quit the whole corporal corporal job
and now I'm pursuing just kidding films
full-time and and I'm so happy right now
like I get to explore the arts that I
really enjoy and I get to still do the
business because I mean I do enjoy
aspects of business um so I get to do
both and and right now I'm in a good in
a good place so like I said I tried to
keep it brief please ask me all the
questions you want to know or have
answered and just leave me comments let
me know what you think and I promise you
I will get back to you each and every
one of you guys alright thanks
