hey what's up guys just got back from
the gym um I've been working out a lot
these days or these past few months I go
to the gym about five six times a week
and recently I've been going twice a day
so it's a pretty grueling process but um
because I just recently got butt for a
modeling gig in Boston I really want to
look like tip-top really top-notch um so
I've been working out really hard and
the worst of it all is I've been dieting
really healthy so sad because I just I
love food so much like if it has high
carbs high fat high sugar high sodium
then I love it I love it so much
but for all you fitness buffs out there
that are really disciplined and have
that awesome body how do you guys do it
like or just not even fitness like how
do you guys like take something out of
your life that you really enjoy for the
sake of like bettering your health or
yourself um yeah let me know your trials
and tribulations and maybe you guys can
like help me out in this whole process
so yeah give me your comments give me
some feedback oh because oh I can have
like a pizza right now or I can have
like gummy bears or ice cream oh my god
ice cream - ice cream so much yeah
coffee hmm just finished taking a shower
now I'm ready to get to work and on
produce produce produce yeah my hair is
not naturally straight it takes me
sometime to you know fix it and
straighten it because if I just like I
wish I was like those girls that had
like this long luscious beautiful hair
that just like walk out of the shower
and just let it air dry if I do dude see
see I look like there's like an animal
growing off of my dome so mystic of not
freaking you guys out I
just kind of um and and the rest of the
world freaking them out I have to
straighten it and make myself look like
a girl
um but yeah so right now I do everything
pretty much behind the scenes and as you
guys have seen if you follow just
kidding films if you don't follow just
Keaton films fish no I'm just kidding
you guys definitely need to check us out
just feeding films we have our own
YouTube channel where freaking hilarious
like you're literally gonna shit in your
pants I don't know how else to put it
but yeah I do all that all the behind
stuff but all the behind the scenes
stuff with them I do like answering the
emails uh thinking of you know merch you
name it I do it so I just kind of want
to show you guys like my workstation and
you guys can see what I'm doing
hey this is Tyson look at that fool
see what's up Tyson yay it's finally
bitter time anytime I get to eat it's
like a yay party oh sorry
yeah I think I've been working too hard
um so yeah it's finally time for dinner
and what the hell was that I think my
dog had like a demon in it it was like
trying to like have it come on it's ro
you're all right patches the house you
throw up raisins
hey what's up back
