good morning guys the guy JK nice today
let me turn off this flight noise hold
on cuz in the middle of the night those
freakin clowns anytime they hear
anything come from outside
don't stop barking so the white noise
make travels out all the noise so they
don't want only this poor little guy up
what are you dreaming about a little TV
yeah we got chicken news today so I
gotta pack my stuff cuz I'm taking news
days I usually round for like a good 12
hours so I'm taking uh says I'm on a
diet now I'm taking two meals because
usually what happens then I take one
meal and I tell myself I'm not gonna
have any snack than we got one bunch of
really yummy snack
jaqen is I tell myself I'm not gonna
have any of those and then I end up
having them so now if I bring food then
I had no excuse if I do get hungry at
least have the salami all right now
there's only 360 calories but it has 60
grams of protein I just eat this I'll
bring these to you guys what else do I
need
grandma's coming at 9:00 a.m. to watch
them have laptop oh yes water always
bring this thing of water Oh a lot of
people don't know this but your child
lose weight it's really really important
to drink a ton of water so number one
the more water that you drink
the more full you're gonna feel so
you're gonna they're not gonna have that
um that skewed feeling of a point I'm so
hungry because you're not drinking
enough water so if you're drinking like
four to six glasses of water every meal
you have you actually don't mean a half
such big of meals the problem with us in
America is that we drink so much soda
and so much liquid calories that in our
minds we think that were super hungry /
- not as hungry as we want like anything
from monsters to coax the power raids
all that stuff so I'm I drink water and
also a water helps you lose weight
because it's just regulates your 75
percent watch Patrick this
this that feel so lost today I don't
know why but usually when JK news is bad
man man man about what also need water
okay Oh
never drink a protein shake in the
morning like a protein shake one protein
shake and then also I got to take my
multivitamin it yeah I think it's waking
up like multiple times that night taking
care of Tiger is it's what's throwing me
off like before this I had everything
like clockwork and now I'm like what do
i do like I've been doing this for the
first time so I'll call this stuff and
I'm down the road it's Navy SEAL to the
rescue
hey grandma
what good morning like this Tyco is
waiting Freddy here you called me I was
on my phone this whole morning are you
calling Geo
Oh Jill's probably putting on her makeup
how was your weekend I miss you that's
why you just live here what okay I'm
gonna call you every single day from now
why did how is she yeah she's leaving on
the 4th I think yeah she wants to go
back and do the audience opossum oh I
took it yeah she my mom wants to go back
to do the one-year anniversary of my
grandma's passing yeah so my mom wants
to go get our you oh we should go to
Taiwan again I'd be awesome but that
beer so cool but Taiwan is someone
else's home yeah 13 yes yeah okay bye oh
you're awake hey mister good morning the
morning tiger like went back to sleep
oh oh so cute lover when you smile he's
doing like these little he's making the
ha Oh with his mouth it was like this
like this good morning good morning baby
hi hungry schedule
I think the last time we fed almost 6
a.m. yeah Oh still tired
it's just slowly getting up what time is
nothing 9 oh you're hungry now
ok let's get food for you how do we look
Ryan oh it's trying to flirt with me
properly lit thanks to this Tina thank
you
what are you up to uh just looking at
I'm all panicky edgy comments as a dad
yeah why you panicking you doing
something not supposed to that's I
started laughing I'm like what the fuck
why am i staring I'm like no no no that
was literally looking at a picture you
posted of Technica's he tagged me in it
which picture let me see his sign
oh I like that picture yeah he looks so
happy there huh yeah which was the same
one that I was looking at here that you
sent me but this is the site I smiled at
that was hilarious
one day I don't like about Tyga ok is
that so he gets more likes than I do so
he's making me jealous
I think that's fucked up ah well then
you gotta change you gotta be cuter cuz
he's supposed to be my son yeah and he's
already outshining me yeah yeah he's
outshining me already yeah what Donald
is right um well then I don't know maybe
you should ask him what you think it's
suitable for a son to outdo their father
then um
at what age what I can have to be for
him for you to be like I'm proud of you
son you surpassed me honestly I never
thought about that but that's gonna
happen yes I know I never thought about
that but since it's happening so soon as
fucked up have you ever thought about I
was gonna go in Oh have you ever thought
about like let's say you have a kid
right which is problem happen in the
near future
do you wanna put the kid in
entertainment sooner or later he asked
me this question
hi-yah and you'll ask me stuff like uh
do you think drew barrymore has any
issues like does she have any issues and
he'll start naming like all the child
stars oh she went throw coke yeah she
was fucked up a lot of them do I know
that's the problem one at least that
like was a child star that grew up to
being stable I'm like that I know or
they were abused by like the produce or
whatever yeah dark stuff it's hard
though because now they have all this
money they make more money than you do
they have a bunch of yes people around
them and you have to keep them happy
because I got to act like yeah poor him
if I too much too early or something but
then you can also get that badly always
wanted you are so shallow what about you
they're both shallow it's like you can
you can feel the way his mind starts to
grow yeah depending what he's exposed to
and and personally we both feel like I
don't I just don't think he's ready for
it yeah and so what about your second
kid but the second kid it did I think it
really depends on that person like once
you start to figure out the person who
they are and who they you know where
their interests live and you start
molding them in the proper direction but
I don't think I could say Oh without
this person being alive right now
I'm gonna if they're pretty extruder
that's very true
and we don't want to throw him into
something like that cuz in it it would
affect Isaac and he would get Helen like
Joe looks for something he's already
like that I could see him like he I'm
holding tight gun he's kind of like
every time she holds every time I heard
all four sports do that yeah almost
every first-born
I even like your nephew Topher when they
Lonnie first came out you could see
tougher for him I was the one that used
to but he's like but ya know they don't
get more it's just like he just wants it
all for himself
like I give him love I can't do English
but yeah like I give him a lot of love
too but then he'll see me give my love
to someone else and I could but he wants
he wants a sibling I don't think he
knows what he's asking for that he
doesn't know the consequences yet kids
never know anything about what they're
asking for yeah yeah
position but because I wanted and I got
one finally when I was like she just
full the only yeah like I felt that even
though I know it's inevitable okay I
know I'm gonna do my best not do the
same so so hard though cuz they're
newborns or whatever and they they need
to have like you need to be with them ya
know Pappajohn load them down below yeah
all I think is Papa John yeah maybe you
guys can help me out let me know if you
guys know of like a child star that
didn't have any crazy problems I feel
like I would like to put Tiger and more
stuff how but you don't even know what
his personality like that's what I'm
saying like if he's cool with it he
likes it
then I would like cuz I feel like all
kids are natural actors to be just like
like to play pretend and they have great
imagination so I feel like it's such a
natural thing like I did so many plays
and skits as a kid you know so I'm like
if and if my parents knew about that and
nurtured me I probably could have been
in that earlier and I could have also
been a cokehead and all that stuff too
but if you guys know of any like child
stars that dad didn't do all that stuff
let me know in the comments below that
is well maybe it's changed then the
modern modern-day ones like the ones
that are now like 20 years old I feel
like their childhood acting career
didn't go south and back up a bit steady
a lot of them actually dropped out of
the entertainment industry to go into
studying but then or you have to go to
let it's one of them that's true Oh true
true
about her yeah they dropped out to go to
school then they're at they're actually
like at Harvard yeah yeah I believe
don't leave any comments said because we
got all the answers
we're doing something a little bit
different today for lunch we're coming
home because mom Bears gonna look at
taiga it's on my of course but also I
need to come home and do some cardio
because I am fat so please take
advantage of the left higher do some
cardio doc now how does changes say it
real quick do it how's mr. tiger yes I'm
gonna take advantage of this time this
is pretty busy this week so if I could
get a little bit of cardio in it'll
really help with the Falcons they're
still trying to get me so me and mom
don't mean on three different schedules
I'm gonna be working out first I shall
continue down through summer poop and
then get on the treadmill run for like
20 30 minutes and I eat and try to take
a nap while birch is gonna eat what are
you gonna do my mother you're gonna eat
and then we're gonna try to take a nap
by after yes you deserve one why don't
you hold the approaches Oh cuz her legs
were what have you beaten my I mean her
legs her tails oh thank you just
finished running
I ran about two and a half miles and I
was watching the movie shooter with Mark
Wahlberg it's really good movie so far
well it's really good as in it tickles
the balls of guys in terms of actual
feature film kind of sucks what because
I'm also in filmmaking but as a guy like
I love action and shooter and military
type stuff so it's the story that just
the story is a there's his expert level
Marine Corps sniper he did his last tour
in Ethiopia top-secret mission and then
the government hires him for one more
job only for it to get botched up I
don't want to spoil anything but you
should definitely check it out but these
days I've been really
really I don't know what it is I think
it's from watching Breaking Bad but I'm
really getting into a federal agencies
and top-secret stuff I just feel like I
think because I was going to school
while being a Marine I didn't get the
full Marine Corps career out of it so
there's like this it's never grant but
I'm like looking at like wait so how
well it's the oldest you can be distill
applied to be an FBI agent and looking
at requirements of Secret Service DEA
ATF and all that stuff and even looking
back at the in the Marine Corps as
diffusers thoughts of course I'm not
going to do it but there's this interest
of mine are like what if I was able to
entertain that life one more time and
take it to the next level and really
make the most out of it who knows
Gio would kill me she wouldn't ever want
me to put my life that way is that a
lizard that's crazy that's a freaking
loser up there you see that let me turn
on there
you see that thing loser
yeah just sunbathing or they come visit
all the time that's so cool
look at this little lizard cutie yeah
time for me to eat and then hopefully I
can just take a quick 20 30 minute nap
and then get back to it I do think I get
I do get a lot of my discipline from the
military because I'm able to shut on
shut off like immediately like eat run
sleep shower
boom-boom-boom so that definitely helped
me out so if you guys are lacking
discipline in terms of control any kind
of like there's a lot of like
lollygagging around who knows you kind
of spend a couple days in military and
really get your shit together
alright time to eat okay showered and
ready to go say bye to mr. tak for one
more time rest
I was asking if I can take his toes yeah
he was really like this he's a nice guy
doesn't did that stuff finally just got
home after like a ten-hour shoot and I
see a little tiger at it making some
world famous beats can you play daddy
what you made today
oh good take a little break
hey cutie so cute
his little eyebrows are coming in oh
those little things dad little cutie
she looks so comfortable cutie pie look
a boy did you miss papa
did you miss Papa you're be cutie pie oh
he almost made a bee oh look at that
you made that you're so smart
okay he's not he's he's uh he's pretty
hard on himself well I'm really hungry
so I'm gonna go uh am i talking about
here
I'm delirious what's going on oh I'll
bring up many keep your meal okay you
know my mom bears meal cuz she has it
did I eat dinner I have a meal in my
backpack because I brought to you and I
only ate once I still on the diet so far
which is really good throw this in there
oh yeah one little treat that I did get
for myself is I picked up some fun on
the way home because I was feeling
something soupy usually after like these
super long days we used to go to
Shinsengumi as you guys know and and I
always get like miso soup and all that
but since we have another shoot
immediately tomorrow and a half time and
I want to come back home and see my boy
like I eat dinner with my boy so I just
picked up some far real quick now I'm
just heat this up which meal do you want
to eat mama
there is shrimp fettuccine alfredo good
choice
oh yeah this one's really good I really
like this one I usually microwave my to
go oh fuck but per aunt's recommendation
he told me to boil it cuz it gets played
hotter so I'm actually gonna boil it
here and then you throw all this other
stuff in here so it came with me
alright the noodles at the bottom yes
what's going on got vegetables and meat
let me eat it with my meal it stay on
track I'm gonna take out the rice soaked
let me eat the car but that's in there
and type this girl gosh go into town I'm
making beats booty he's on a roll good
boy I like are you looking up here
sorry papa got weird allergies right now
oh I don't know what's going on you want
to not do that okay maybe you want to be
like yeah hopefully you ever mom's
immunity I like that you're looking back
at me cutie boy back at it tiger
no no not gonna look back at it don't
want that good good boy
here's my father that's done I like to
keep it simple today just because I just
want something clean and I'm just soupy
so I put just a couple of basil leaves
put a little bit of lemon juice and
that's it I'm just gonna eat the meat
not with this Fork of course there are
chopsticks at the point and I'm eat it
with my shrimp did I just see it already
I'm kind of delirious you've been
shooting a long day and I also ran some
extra exhausted I'm gonna wrap my day up
here see you guys tomorrow and thank you
for following me along for my day
