good morning so woke up nothing unusual
about the sleeping other than we just
don't get enough well what's really
really cute is usually I'm the one that
wakes up and takes or tends to type it
in the morning because Padma always has
like something to do whether it's
training or meeting or something in the
morning so we split up during this time
but this time today
it's Papa doing the mama routine look at
that Mama's getting ready to go I have
my stuff I have my gear on I have a
meeting to go to actually with my
brother which is really really cool the
Papa is taking care of tyka and Tyga
just looks kind of suspicious if he
doesn't really he doesn't really trust
what he's drinking out of that bottle I
don't know he looks good boys his future
I don't know he just has look at look at
those eyes he's like I don't know Ricky
doesn't care too much but she's always
working making sure that type is well
taken care of with you protecting Pecola
good girl
fawn is just trying to survive making
sure nobody ever attacks her even though
no one ever wants to attack her because
she acts like someone's always trying to
attack her and the boy over here over
there can care less and it's just trying
to self preserve and not get in anyone's
way so that nobody messes with them ha
boy you're so big though how can you be
so scared okay are you agging your
little nub are you wagging your little
nub wag your tail wag your tail Waggin
Waggin oh my god
and in update news actually feel more
like a woman cuz I got my nails done and
in celebration of Halloween I went with
an orange which doesn't look as cute on
camera but yeah it's pretty cute never
gotten this color before
well anyway I'm a girl I meet up with my
brother
we're gonna go to barbell whoa totally
missed my face Styles up here me me my
brother go to barbell do a couple
measurements so we're getting some new
equipment which is really really
exciting
we might even rearrange the whole space
not the entire space but really big
pieces of equipment which is gonna
completely change the feel and vibe of
when you're training there so that's
gonna be really interesting yeah and
then we're gonna have family played time
like these two are already doing you
guys yeah all right but first stop
before anything is getting some coffee
now that I can have some coffee
I'm not taking full advantage of it
because I don't like I'm not like the
craziest fan of coffee and caffeine but
considering that I didn't have a really
good night's rest at all kind of like I
have been since I've had a newborn which
is very normal
I'm definitely an advantage so first
stop Starbucks
hi can I have a venti pumpkin spice
latte hot yeah yeah all right so my
basic ass got pumpkin spice latte I
don't even know where that came from
because I don't know I personally love
it and there's all these facility
stereotypes behind it I don't know but I
get it every because it the seasonal
drink so I get it every time it comes
around in the fall I don't give up I'm
gonna drink it and then I got some
drinks for my brother cuz I'm I think
that's what they wanted um and yeah and
then poppers sending me updates check
this out he's letting me know that he's
about to train
oh right there he's like training time
I'm like tyka looks like he fucking
hates it but yeah he's not huh but we'll
see for my experience tyka does not like
this swing he'll he likes it outdoors
but I don't know cute ass boy can't even
believe he's mine I made this guy's
that's crazy
oh and another news I'm driving Papa's
car today which is so fucking fun it is
so fun I'm in the drive-thru right now
so there's no way that
I can kill myself for anyone else going
very slow
thank you for your concerns but yeah I'm
driving the rs7 and it's a lot of fun
I don't currently have my car so it's
kind of a good excuse to drive puffers
car because the other car we have left
is our truck
but then that truck has all types of
gear like his see like as everything
that you need in there so what whoever
sees with Tyco that keeps that car so
since I'm not like that I have to drive
this car mmm but anyway yeah I'm gonna
go pick up my brother now after I get my
drinks alright so just got back from the
gym
I meant to vlog a lot of the gym stuff
but it didn't quite work out that way
just because whoops I dropped something
fun it was pretty intense like I didn't
want to take up too much of my brother's
time just because he has twin babies at
home that are just about a month older
than Tycho so they're also newborns I
didn't want to keep him from his family
especially because he works during the
week anyway long story short it was
intense trying to measure equipment at
the gym so I didn't even get to vlog it
but let's see if I can show you guys
kind of a rough of what we're thinking
about which is ultimately we decided
we're not even going to move with this
so let me show you so this is kind of
what our gym looks like in terms of a
layout so this would be the new piece of
equipment that we're getting but then
when we measured everything out it
didn't make sense for a lot of these
pieces to be here so initially we wanted
to put this here and then this would be
the layout of the gym but then we
decided to move a couple of these pieces
out here in this space where we don't
have much going on it just holds a lot
of other equipment and yeah that's kind
of what I went to go do it just to see
if this would even be feasible which was
good that I went because my brother is
um a licensed electrician he's like
really good with his hands he like
there's not much that he doesn't know
how to do in terms of like you know
contracting type stuff so I brought him
out he took the measurements and he gave
me his two cents which were really
really good and then I asked you know
barbell staff who's also very
experience in lifting and then ask them
he has a lifter would you like if the
chicken was here it was cool to get
their feedback
I hope they enjoyed taking the feedback
I don't know but now I'm back home and
Tyga and pop bear spent the whole time
together I've been away for like three
hours so I'm gonna see how Tyco is doing
but based off of the updates that Bart
has sent me not that I'm a controlling
mom I think he just finds it so cute so
he'll send me updates on his own so I
think he sent me this just recently I
think when Tyco woke up but before then
he was just showing me how taiga was
sleeping while he was training oh and
that's my brother Jeff I sent this cuz I
had my brother drive the rs7 and he had
a fun time and then me getting Starbucks
that you guys saw I was showing Bart you
know I'm multitasking this is so funny
that I'm showing you guys these messages
uh and then here he's just showing me
the Tyco monster that's my brother but
yeah so I'm home I'm gonna see how
they're doing and look at this guy he's
smiling okay enough enough enough I'm
done yeah and then we're gonna get
family time going so I'm excited for
that beak of the Devils
is he awake I just woke up hi baby hi
baby
yeah mama hey I'm over here hey nope
he's locked in on you know he looks he
looks at wasted fine my boy how was it
awesome let me see your face I'll know
how awesome it was you look like you're
tired just sleeping and then uh he
actually likes gonna walk around just
walking around the kitchen counter in a
circle he just knocks out oh you look so
he's about said go down already
I'm just like walking around like this
that's so cute he is such a good pop but
that means I should just leave you two
alone more often just you and him always
you need no mama I think you're gonna
agree with this is this all candy what
boy
he's headed okay yeah okay doesn't so
soft feel it oh stop this okay fine I
trust you
you're a good papa that's your knee
you're pretty sexy right now
really yeah am i sexy cuz you got a baby
on your chest doing all kinds of dead
stuff wrong he just looking at you like
I love you dad good boy yeah good boy
like it it touches feel with my hands
like this mm-hmm Victini okay well we
got to talk about family time nav but
we're gonna eat because we both have
anything so I'm starving are you hungry
almost three good start okay all right
first thing first guy talk about food
picking up some lunch
in and out right now trying to stay on
the diet I got um
three needs thank you all right well
thank you thank you so much yes
look at this oh I love the smell of it
out so I got a to meet with no cheese
because I'm still trying to be on the
diet and I substituted the spread with
ketchup and mustard and ma bear just got
the og double-double animal style I
always get the Arnold Palmer extra ice
but today I'm opera has to be the extra
MVP and I don't even know if she's gonna
be able to like enjoy her food with no
interruptions that's mr. Tigers here you
can't eat any in and out but we're we're
getting in and out I don't know man I
don't know what's going on now but we're
getting in and out on our way to our
little family trip that we take every
single week so I don't know how are we
gonna pass this out because it's all in
one box it might be easier in my bear if
I just take out my burgers and give you
the whole tray what do you think I'll
just use no box because okay so we're
doing the exact opposite of what my plan
is
so yes it is so I'll take these little
chilly do you like chilies for you okay
so I'll give you this that's not basic
at all the most basic you're a basic
person Oh gotcha and it always had I
don't know it came with lettuce yeah
here's your fries falling off roll mmm
you want just three fives out here look
I'll take care of that for you ketchup
no okay all right we're gonna eat and
get the show on the road look at Super
Mom back there one hand on the burger
her down
one hat one mouth on the five and one
hand on the pacifier you're literally
the best mom I've ever seen a lot you
know wonder mom I'm so happy that Tiger
has you as a mom I'm so grateful I'm so
happy to have made a baby with you we
just got to the location but before we
can leave tecna's gotta eat now
Oh dad look at that multitasking
technique my bear has the bottle on her
chin like it's a phone how'd you learn
of that I don't know I don't know I mean
he just wants to there is time from the
heat the last time it was two and it's
like pretty much for he eats every two
to three hours so it's about time on the
dot like he doesn't skip he doesn't
sleep and forget about it it's like
pasta yeah and then we also got the
diaper ready cuz I think we heard him
poop earlier so feed them change out is
a little type II and then we're gonna
get the show on the road
that was a tight be a cute word for
diapy or diaper are you making fun of me
I use that shit I use Cooney I use bear
I use all this fine powder tune does
diapie are you happy got food you're
freaking little crazy monster it was to
the point where if I had breastfeed him
he's gonna bite my nipple and shit like
I don't want that shit I want it faster
he was like hangry
he gets hangry that's a that's a good
word
hangry watch watch I'm gonna burp him
now he's gonna start crying I have a
fucking heart attack how you can get
hangry is building out oh you hear that
breathing but you don't know how to burp
so then all they're doing is if they
suck in any air then their tummy hurts
and they're live for that and then they
don't can't explain it
yeah so you have to Bob you have to eat
it while this he hates I shouldn't
generalize yeah but you have to hear
they don't know what they don't know
it's good for them yeah I'm sorry
so that right there's a son that he's
thought look he's looking for food yeah
so we got a little bit more ways to go
before we get the show on the road
guess what kind of creature is in here
can you guys guess do you guess the
creature that is in there you know
what's funny about tyka is he could be
crying but as soon as you start moving
whether he's in that carrier like that
chest carrier or in a stroller like this
or in the car even he really likes it
and he stops crying like he already
stopped crying a little bit he's still
like sniffling and making random little
sounds but after about five minutes
he'll stop crying and then we left
little air vent so it doesn't get hot in
here we always put our hand inside like
underneath the blanket
I'll see you I stopped moving but I
always leave little air beds so that it
stays nice and cool in there
the little unknown mystery animal I
gotta lock the car real quick so we
found this cool little place it's I
think east of downtown and there's like
a big old body of water over a man named
Lee conservatory you can see like the
shimmering of the lake over there if i
zoom in it looks really nice actually
but literally 20 seconds into finding
this bike path out completely I was
walking in there my freaking stupid
chocolate like this
so nice this guy's freaking out now
again some said this is the perfect
amount of Sun I like him kidding that's
when the sun's like really really big
and right over ahead
I really hope because I don't have a
windscreen on this camera and hope that
it's not
I'm saying that it's pretty amazing like
sleeping fine right in your backyard
I don't even know ready to do some
sprints oh this is pretty nuts so close
to my home and if you went on this dirt
road like what more is Molly doing over
there those we can do little AHA's
stroller wheels you know when you're
pushing some of the wheels aren't even
turning but yeah we can actually go down
there
some people are fishing over there I
wonder if you could bring a boat there
are signs that say fish you shouldn't be
eating it probably because it's man-made
and you imagine like you live there I
know what some of you guys are thinking
that actually have all the national
diminishes
this is like links for your other state
people I know you guys got some nice ass
wildlife up and we see a puddle of water
on the ground so the bike path stops
here and it starts going around where
that kids going ham and it goes all the
way around the lake which is pretty cool
I think you could end up on the other
side like given I'm in sandals and my
bear has her infrareds on we're not in
the best of hiking or walking conditions
so we're gonna turn back around and not
go back to the car from here oh the hell
this get going fast holy shit
nice you got skills and we wanted to
change the scenery store in our office
slash guest room it's not much of an
office we have a desk and a printer and
a filing cabinet a paper shredder I
guess it's kind of an office see what
happened
something tore torn I take a shit and it
was so powerful that I thought he shit
right through his diaper onto my life I
look father I thought the vibration
father is feeding and burping the boy
cuz I just fed him but mine was natural
food mine was organic puppers giving him
whoa shit he's gonna spit up like that
and then I like to open up his little
shirt because he gets really fucking hot
and gets really sweaty and because he
sweating so much the top of his head
steep haste a bit fine
stop it fun fun loves
tyka meatloaf again doesn't care do you
like tiger oh that was a good burp boy I
told you he always second-guess my
jungle hello he's spitting up what
everywhere I really well I caught it
no a second I guess my jungle handling
techniques
I hear he did spit up I think his maybe
he's all Tsukasa to let you know a part
of the monkey man what makes you monkey
man
just the way I know one day you'll look
like me take up
it doesn't thank you fine then look at
that again talking I don't know what you
put in your dad but I don't trust you
well guys I tell this shut up get the
camera off my face one of these things
doesn't belong in the office can you
guess what it is
is it the bit is it the baby and the man
is it the chair is it the desk or is it
this fur rug hmm
what do you think the answer is the
Firebug ding ding ding something doesn't
belong here because he stuffed himself
with this smallest of spaces once again
he has to put his paw upside down knees
is out of it like a pillow what are you
doing what are you doing what are you
doing what are you doing oh my god oh
thank you thank you
it sounds like I'm crying like taiga
yeah Jesus
Wow that's his cue that he wants you to
keep petting it much see that put it
over here
geez you me he's like fuck you then I'm
gonna take my stubby tail somewhere else
see you later
all right taike x''k he's never eaten
before in his life
listen to this there's so much nice
coming out of it it's such a little body
listen to this Jesus boy no one's gonna
take it away from you
it's all yours anymore Fox all right no
spit up all right something else I find
hilarious that I've pointed out before
in a previous vlog but you probably
didn't see it I might show you again did
it did it how come only one throw is up
this one that's the one else fracture
remember I know what it always looks up
with me here that's the one that's like
I fractured like twice I can't have no
mobility I can't even twist it but this
one I can just easily this one I won't
really bed I give you one thumbs up yeah
sounds fractured I wish I could bend it
but that's the most there's real there's
no real difference between my thumb what
looks different now because I'm wearing
a nail but my thumb versus his toe they
look the same all right I'm done I'm
done I'm done
all right well kind of flirt shit is
this are you kidding me right now what
how can we talk is so fucking white what
is the fat how come it's so as she like
this I know I could do that too but mine
won't be that ashy does your dirty Oh
what does that mean
look over there I wonder dirty then you
get greasy and then you're not national
but for actually I mean she clean good
nice and dry that doesn't make any sense
he's perfect sense no it does it pretty
doesn't make any sort of sense
oh okay she's gone fine does that make
any sort of sense no right no right
right I know thanks you got my back girl
you got my back girl thank you thank you
fine well thank you fine you got my back
oh yeah yeah yeah yeah thank you fine
that shit is dirty fuck are they playing
that behind me
you guys play dude a much black guy
still evening Papa still killing the dad
game really you guys really I think
she's having a dream well anyway I bet
is gonna be setting up like the
accidental gift that he bought this will
be his first piano so check it out good
to play this busy spider over dr. Dre
this is actually really cool kitchy but
I don't know but whatever is gonna make
the least amount of noise I just said
whatever makes the least amount of noise
you fucking potato head I know this
guy's sleeping and you jumped that's not
what was noisy you have a plastic so one
I just said what makes the least amount
of noise you obviously never got toys as
a kid everyone knows that they always is
a little cranky ties to prevent it from
moving
Wow
he's making all kinds of noise oh by the
way we get a stock get a spa treatment
today it wasn't a bath he just rinsed
and splashed her on the mother and
immediately we um lathered him up in a
bunch of moisturizer you got it sir
all right position all right so I'm
gonna put the camera away and we'll
we'll come back to you once it's done
everything looks cute as hell I never
read the instructions on things so I
don't know if I did it right but it
looks like it's good so it's finished
has all these little little distractor
playthings that you can look up so how
the bait how this thing works is the
baby laser faces up and the feet is down
here and they get to like press it with
his little toes can't wait to put this
guy that's chopsticks oh yeah we used to
knocked out to make any beats right now
so have to wait till he wakes up and
make some beats later
