puny little boy
pick
and every morning I get up
and then I'll feed him and usually we
know he suggests about time when after
we feed him we just passes now he gets
crazy food come and he hits him
instantly so while we're feeding oh if
we still pull the the nipple out on this
Malcolm still Glee and which is still
hungry
as soon as we slightly pull it honey
did we know he's done so he looks kind
of close to death because he supposed to
go back to sleep boy still had a purple
boy
oh boy
he has your eyebrows for sure what's
wrong mister boy
this packet goes to sleep
it's literally is world and we have to
do what I believe that it's in now point
the mug I'm failing all my stuff
downstairs if he's awake I would he just
felt my back trying upstairs pat my back
then but since he just fell asleep in
jail still needs to sleep we're doing
our best to knock it the month I'm just
putting it 14 there for now all right
guys OPP OPP go fine
this motors pretty chill type guys just
woke up i think at 5:00 a.m. or late now
it's at 8:00 but since we have to get up
at also 3 and also 5 waking up it's not
too early but we're tired like what you
know that it feels like we can up at 6
now because of all the interruptions so
I gotta go train and so even though like
I train that 7 or 6 before right now it
feels pretty tiring I'm just gonna get
my ass to the gym take some pre-workout
maybe buy some coffee on the way and
should be ready to rock a little I just
took some pre-workout but for some
reason it never feels like enough like
it doesn't feel like I have the complete
morning ritual until I drink a coffee
even though there's way more caffeine in
there just taste wise it doesn't feel
like I'll wake me up or like the way
coffee is so I'm gonna get some coffee
and this is where the barbel coffee is
stored the problem is though it seems
like we ran out so we have some funky
ass flavors all right we got peppered
and barked hot cocoa and that's not even
coffee
pumpkin spice but if it's pumpkin sized
blacked out my taste funny
chestnut praline I guess it's kind of
like hazelnut put this year maybe an
option cocoa now what wild raspberry
straight on that what how does this
fancy ass mint we're what mint mental
menthol Guy Fieri isn't guy fury the
cook or chef i'ma try man being I'm
stuck between these two
this one sounds safer because it sound
like hazelnut this sounds like it needs
creamer and sugar it was six mean
intensity alright let's try this let's
try it let's do a do that cut that size
oh we're in the barber get office by the
way I don't know if you guys have ever
seen this or if they've been in here
well technically you're not supposed
being here but this is where all the
staff is and red and then we did a
really good job they're the managers of
hooking this place up and making it
comfy for all the staff sometimes stop
at our Vic to take a little nap here
they get the chill here to get some work
done some of the guys that coach people
and we got our cameras this camera
systems dope so there's like a bunch of
angles you could always see everything
that's going on and a thing that records
like three days to a week at a time and
I'll save it so if anything happens we
can always rewind immediately to check
up on what happened ready to go oh no I
am the pre-workout just kicked in but
not in a good way in a way that I have
to poop my coffee just finished what
should I do chef drink it are gonna
drink it I'm gonna drink it and I'm
gonna try to like I'm gonna turn it down
this I'm I'll fly to the bathroom see
you guys later
I'm wearing the booster buddy right now
I think it's like 85 degrees but I just
realized this morning
or marketed to specific item all fucks I
have to make an Instagram video for it
will be wearing this hoodie even though
everyone else is either naked or wearing
a t-shirt or a tank top but for our
marketing promotion purposes I'll be
wearing this on my Instagram and after
squats I'll take it
sweating like a
thank God I'm done with the promotion
hold on like a motherfucker
so I did one out of 10 I took the hoodie
off now act like a normal person
so funny that behind the scenes bush
an apparel brand I don't there's any
other brands out there doing this when
they show you the money behind the
scenes stuff but for me like it's my
inner comedian
Harold man usually it's lifestyle and
you want to push anyone to make it look
cool but it is also the other side of
the wall I'm doing it show the world
I'll see you guys later if there was any
day that I would congratulate myself
today would be the day I don't know how
I did I got I woke up this morning and I
was a little bit tired but not too tired
like I got up at 5:00 I fed tyke and
then I got up again when I was talking
to guys at 8 a.m. and I know that's not
too bad and after my first set of squats
I don't know if it's a sweater or what
or like the heat or something I was
exhausted I'm like holy shit I felt like
I couldn't do anything else and I was
like you know what I got a meat it's not
being a little bitch I took the sweater
off I still felt hot for some reason I
hope I'm not getting sick I get my
second set of squats and those two sets
of 10 that shit wrecked me and then I
moved on to bench and benches it never
really taxes me that much it was alright
and then I have like three sets of
circuits and my cardio sucks I said I
did the 23andme test and
have explosive power fast which time the
muscle fibers which is why I've noticed
why my cardio has never been good I've
always been better at Sprint's and I
power movements but I got to do cardio
in order to burn fat so I'm doing cardio
and I'm like fun I don't know how I'm
gonna get through this I just keep
looking at the time for some reason like
minute by minute when you're doing
cardio a minute is like an hour because
all I'm doing is just a couple of
exercises two percent and then I do a
jump rope for like three minutes and
those three minutes for like 30 minutes
and I did another circuit and I liked it
and then I was like oh shit I got it
done I just put my head down I gotta
finish this shit shit's fucking rough I
felt like I was gonna puke a couple of
times I thought I'm gonna pass out like
I even had a fever and I did it so I
honestly today was one of the hardest
workouts I have ever gone through and
it's not even the waiter I don't know
it's just it was really really rough
part of myself and I think because I
accomplished what I thought was
unaccomplished ball my spirits are high
actually you know like you know you have
your how your body feels how your how
your mind feels and then how your spirit
feels and my mind is tired my body is
tired but my spirit feels good like I
just won the lottery so I'm going to all
the other meetings feeling really good
today and I just feel like what a great
day to start the day or what a great way
to start the day today is mama bears
first day back at work how did it feel
after going through all those meetings
uh
I feel really lost because I'm like I
know the general like direction of
things but then like detailed stuff like
oh shit that's crazy oh I don't know oh
oh that's not oh okay so it's like a lot
of ketchup and then just meant to leave
my mind is just in a different space
just because with type it's a whole more
nurturing like guessing game like that
thing and then here it's more creative
foresight big picture are you thinking
about Tyga the whole time during the
meeting uh during the reading no I'm
focusing on the words that everyone
saying yeah but when we're pausing and I
am and I'll touch my mama what is it
doing it is interesting the time
what sent me one time so he can see what
I said the girl he should be he moves
around both but we call that push-up
time when we give him like five minutes
of push-up time of day sometimes not
even fall asleep yeah yeah I don't care
if he cries if he's not down with this
push-up time he's still doing push-ups
five minutes yep
today's Evans birthday celebration
Barbra games we don't have a knife so
we're using this freaking zombie killer
knife that's Nadine my favorite color
you don't hurt me
or do you have a fear no and you said it
was green laughs I like being assaulted
this thing is rock hard mr. ice cream
cake Jill's favorite was made and
shipped to your house
dude even benchpress either I don't know
do train I don't know why all right this
is gonna be the final round winner takes
all let's see who takes it you lost ha
okay fine last one that saw when it
takes off Oh Joanne I'll go get the
third 503rd the last and final
winner-takes-all this is the one this is
the one huh you said this is the one you
said it
got Honda with the barber brigade team
we're reinstating or a weekly company
dinners and it's awesome plus people put
their are all friends boyfriends
get to know everyone becomes one big
family so we got Sammy
Jared and we got Maria and her family we
got as
Meredith gonna deem and then we have Geo
and her family which is me and she is so
happy
Sushma goos yeah that's what I go
against that face from Jessica akka
Dasha tofu this place is the best
Gabi food on spinach garlic oh yeah
that's mine
thank you buddy monk you that's my -
thank you buddy can't wait to see little
boy he misses his mama that's why mrs.
Kenyon mama smells like poopoo
CUNY boy big hidden thanks mom for
taking care of our at work today so we
got a surprise visitor
grandpa kay bye bye gran oh you are
don't cry Abba my dad's asking if he got
heavier and all that yeah it's almost to
the East Indies and young I know he
liked watching the hood
my dad said take a picture why dad wants
me to take a picture is this your phone
babe ok I'll take a picture with it son
but as I continued Baba II sad she
cancer de Sant cheese yeah seems like my
dad really loves them that's it he's a
really good boy really good voices
as if he's also very keep what dance is
everybody loves you everybody loves you
mister cuny pace compound will forth in
hot pursuit
dude do the CGS I saw Sandow so no
someone do something she's hard -
showing you someone my dad this is the
world youngest online star this is the
minute he was born he was already online
and people know he is wait I was like
the minute you were born the whole world
knows who you are
