good morning guys so I'm getting ready
I'm still in the process of doing my
hair got my makeup done got Papua in the
back who is watching taiko as he sleeps
but the cutest thing and I have to show
with you guys is the way father is
trying to connect like it to his Chinese
roots and he's playing what are you
doing I'm playing a Khalil Fong he's
like a Chinese singer it would be the
end of the song when I show you guys
and I what I like about this guy is he I
think grew up in the States we actually
speaks English and has a very American
R&B soul I feel like you could take that
on and be with the Chinese and connected
into his ears and then I'm so kind of
like the times I'm not able to speak to
him in Chinese there's another
additional source of Chinese I just know
Kenny okay almost stop fucking around
and I'm gonna finish it in my hair
exactly
it's goes up the armpit do you shave
your heart i I don't I don't but but I
Honda's so if you shave it does this
distracts from how wide your back really
is so when you shave it instead of
having like two random black spots it
looks like your wings go out all right
this conversation started because Joe
had his leg propped up on this level and
I saw sexy and ripped it got no they're
actually really rip dude I didn't know
that like you have the little tear your
little teary a like yeah the tear drop
your legs didn't look like that before
no you know why I've been training yeah
no they look great let me see that one
yeah egg they just use legs these would
be like female pretty legs are now they
look like man legs I never had this
insults in the past cuz they were pretty
legs remember all the girls would be
like I want you to legs yeah you see now
I get buff up in jail oh look at this no
yeah that looks great
I don't know what happened here I'm
gonna keep saving him
this is a look though huh I gotta keep
shaving them cuz they look good until
they can look good I shaved it for a
blowjob
it was a deal yeah what does I have to
do with her like this
does she like start licking you from the
legs in her mouth like why no cuz she
said why don't you try shaving your legs
and I was like why yeah
and then she's like cuz it might look
nice you might like it and I'm all like
I'm tired
and then so I decided to shave my legs
because I was like thinking you know
what if I do something that makes her
kind of happy she'll suck my dick oh so
she don't even say it you just assume
over okay you do you you gotta give to
get okay there's no deal here I just
made one in my mind and then I was like
might as well shave the good old
Johnson's Johnson's you got multiples we
always adjust the balls are the Johnsons
so the rest of it is referring the
Thompson Johnsons yeah the whole family
got it and then there goes the story job
okay
well you know shit there you have it and
I just connected
fucking Sarge here I'll show everybody
I'm gonna try to back and then all these
snacks dude I've been trying to eat
better but dang oh this one looks kind
of tragic oh yeah
I got an oatmeal alright just got back
home and it couldn't be soon enough
because I missed this boy
but grandma bear over here hooks him up
he was sleeping and I think an alarm
went off and woke him up look at the
shoes you big cube boy
you big cutie you don't even know I'm
home you don't even know I left come on
- such a good job oh my baby I missed
him so much he's done with the pacifier
hi baby
he doesn't care
all right good night see you later all
right I gotta find something to eat for
lunch but wait before I do that so um I
think a Chinese tradition I don't know
if it's all Chinese tradition or just
Bart's mom he's a Chinese tradition
after the first month of the kids being
alive there's a celebration so he's
about to turn among and Bart's mom
brought us she's not here anymore she's
up she's brought us some pineapple cakes
either mom's dude and then she got him a
gold rooster cuz he's born in the year
the rooster what's this gold - yeah and
there's like a gold no there's not a
gold coin is a gold oh there's a yeah
there's a coin here I don't know the
significance I have to wait for Bart to
explain this to me but over here is that
rooster I'm talking about
so Bart has one it's a gold rat and I'll
show that to you guys I don't know where
it is but not gonna be in this video at
some point
in the future sure to you guys but this
is his grandma got him it's pretty big
size it's like the size of my palm maybe
look at that damn Tech is a rich little
boy this is a gold dude I wonder if it's
all it is it's a light bulb no shit we
don't know but it's really pretty
that's really pretty bit he liked it he
bless you saw it tight smart boy cuz
there's so much do you think it would be
great yeah so that's pretty cool okay
how many I'm about to feel the hunger
games all right so this is mom life
after the last clip I filmed I had time
for lunch and then I've been here right
here for the past like almost two hours
my mom says because of the dogs um like
they'll hear noises outside so then they
randomly bark oh my mom's smart good job
she just turned on the white noise so
though hear noises outside and then they
bark which causes him to get really
startled like he's not scared or easily
startled like you try to keep a lot of
noise on for him but the high-pitched
sounds like silverware teaching like
like silverware hitting the plates or
like dogs high-pitched parts that like
startles him and I don't wake him up so
that's been happening so she really
hasn't been napping during the day so
I'm just gonna hold him so that he can
nap and then every time this stupid dog
barked like yeah but I don't really most
much since the past two hours I've been
here hostage by the cutest boy that ever
lived
I'm sending Papa Bear videos the
pictures
because I'm sure I'm sure he's like I'm
sure he's somewhat miserable that he can
be with his boy so I try to make him
feel less miserable by sending him
videos and telling him like we're still
sleeping or we miss you dad but he
should be back in a few more hours he's
still working filming JK news cutest boy
that ever lived I swear it's actually
make it under here let's see better show
you without waking him up okay no more
no more he didn't like that very much my
boy
CUNY boy alright so I have the AC on but
I have this boy naked but because the AC
is on I don't want him to be naked so
here I'll show you again with him okay
and his head is wet is he so sweaty
I'm trying to like keep him look at this
his hair is not it's all wet here that's
wet hair look at that but he's not
sweating but he's just greasy and if he
moves his head look you could see it
stuck on my arm see if he could see it
there it is
he is so wet I'm gonna high sleep
through it
mamasay doesn't think we came alone like
that
let's do it monkey
and I've been sitting here for another
hour
I think it is him look at his hair look
at his hair as he moves look this it's
ridiculous looks like he just took a
shower or he did it he's sweating I
guess he's comfortable cuz he's not
waking up complaining about anything
alright so I just trained my mom and now
it's my time to train my doctor actually
gave me clearance to start working out
which is fantastic just cuz I feel
horrible
just sitting around and not doing much
and I just feel like my body just needs
to be active and it it's not and it
hasn't been so it's like he says I
wasn't gonna be able to workout for like
4 to 6 weeks it hasn't even been four
weeks hit but my body feels really good
so I texted him our I sent him an email
like hey Doc I'm not suffering from any
of the symptoms that you listed so is it
cool if I start like working out I'll do
like no weight or just body weight or
very low weights he's like do it to it I
think I just like built trust with my
doctor just cuz throughout the whole
pregnancy he knew I was working out so
he knows that I'm not a complete newbie
when it comes to treating so I had a
healthy baby all while training so he's
like she knows what she's doing she'll
start off gradually so that's exactly
what I'm gonna do I'm going to show you
guys my workout I'm gonna do three
separate circuits show you what program
this for me me you see what the circuits
look like so if you guys want to do it
at home there are no guarantees that
you're gonna do any sort of losing
weight because that's not the objective
right now the main objective is just to
feel athletic to begin moving again to
stretch to get get sweating and that's
what I'm gonna do so imma show you guys
with my workout
goddamn alright that's freaking hard I'm
only halfway done but it feels good cuz
we get this stomach it's not cute
look at how gross this looks look at all
this let me tell you looks better than
the first week I was back I think was
like floppy skin nation hold my hair but
yeah it feels good to be moving again
I'm happy to be sharing this journey
with you guys you guys have seen my many
body transformations I mean that husband
as drastic as Bart's but it's changed a
lot this year one thing I find really
fucking cute just traces of tyka
everywhere so for example I'm working on
I get to see this little thing and it's
so fucking cute and then I'm working out
stuff and I get to see little bottle
warmers that we have in here that we've
never even installed I don't know how
the fuck works we haven't had time to do
the construction so it's just here and
Papa bear's workbench that he doesn't
use for work at all you can see there's
just bullshit
yeah but whatever we wanted his
workbench you got his workbench he's not
working on it so I told himself anyway
for my heart rate goes down too much I'm
gonna get back to finishing this circuit
I have about two more sets of circuit
number two or one more set actually and
then have to complete circuit on my
three Oh what you can with you guys a
little bit later alright it's I'm all
done garage doors closed I start putting
equipment away let me know in the
comments below if you guys did it and
what it felt like it's a circuit so it's
not supposed to be for PRS anything
that's supposed to be fresh lettuce ism
and cardio so the point is to keep your
heart rate up and to just fuckin plow
through these as quickly as possible
again all while maintaining your heart
rate up let me know how you'd like it
let me know I mean I didn't come up with
it so I'm gonna take credit but I know a
lot of you guys are kind of lost when it
comes to you know white work what should
i do how should I start I think this is
a good beginner one again you don't want
to break PRS you're not trying to go
heavy you're just trying to challenge
yourself and push yourself so whether
that be body weight which is
you know how to break it up ask the
grass squats I didn't do it with Barba
and do with any sort of weight it was
just funny weight but if you want to
modify it you can do box squat so that
just means you would use a bench or you
can use a cooler and you just squat down
on it sit up sit down on it and then for
like half a second then you just pop
right back up a lot of this could be
modified for a lot of beginner you can
even be made for more events you just
add a lot more weight and your time your
stuff and you try to beat your own
record so there's a lot of variations of
all that fun that you can have with this
so in the comments let me know if you
guys like it
how it worked out for you guys again I'm
not trying to put programming out there
this is not my program but I know again
a lot of you guys have loss to know
where to start so give some feedback I'm
gonna be really cool alright so I had to
put on bug repellent because there's a
lot of mosquitoes especially right now
but this in this weather
so my mom's watching attacker right now
but I'm not about to grab title one
because I'm sweating too just cuz I have
that repellent all over me some I take a
quick shower
now I'm gonna reunite with my boy in
three my mom so she can go home if she
did this work on she sweatiest fucks I
feel bad that she's you know how sweaty
so yeah me it to that alright so those
mosquitoes got me my mom's pudding what
are you putting on me
she's putting bleach on me because she
says it prevents it from itching yeah
you see that I haven't got one on my leg
and it's huge I can't really show you
cuz I'm holding the boy but that thing
is ridiculous
my mom's hooking it up and today we show
you see see that let me see everyone see
that red thing right there look at that
that's ridiculous looks like a spider by
but it's a mosquito I think my none of
them got my boy Tyco
you're allergic to those suckers yeah
well I think that's what it is
that's huge yeah doesn't itch it that
much but you feel it good yeah it feels
like it's not a gene yeah
I won't get that you guys are gonna say
it's witchcraft but it's not I mean it
works
fuck it I'm done it try it if it works
he's cute boy though eyelashes okay
thanks mom
yep doesn't smell very good
all right so it's about 10:00 already
and it's soon to be Tyga's bedtime I try
to put him to bed by 10:30 and I notice
that's when he's least fussy at night
and he feels really really good in the
morning who knows I'm still
experimenting here but this is our
ritual I turn down all the lights but
you can't really talk this is really
good camera I'll probably leave a
hallway light on and then that light but
really that our room doesn't look this
bright it looks tell you right now it
looks like yeah that's what it looks
like for me right now and this boy so
now I'm trying to have him understand
yeah when the lights are down and it's
nighttime leaving laughs so that's I
play classical music for him and you
think that doesn't like it do you like
it you're like I don't know what's
happening do you see this you see
yourself look these yourself hi guys hi
everybody thank you for following me on
Instagram
i'ma go to bed now before I Drive my
parents crazy there's a screen that he's
looking at so he could see himself you
see yourself thank you for watching me
guys thank you for supporting the Bears
see you guys tomorrow bye all right guys
on that note thank you so much for
watching good night holy shit I gotta
clean the makeup off my eyes but yeah
thanks for watching see you guys
tomorrow
bye bye
