good morning guys so Beyonce woke up
like this
I woke up like this
not really said much you can still hear
my voice it's groggy like this is
killing me
no he's not killing me god damn it take
up like joe our good friend joe says
tyga is huh in practice to becoming a
river so he goes to sleep at 12 wakes up
at 3 he doesn't go back to see about 5
wakes up at like 6:30 7 at that point
it's only this only happened at night
and then we'll go back to sleep around 9
and I don't even know it was up in a
pond at one point I think from this is
from the crime that he doesn't want to
go to sleep this is from his crying he
was probably pulling my hair
this is from me being frustrated and
trying to just rip my hair up no my kid
only about the hair pulling and all that
stuff but dude it's been challenging at
night for sure and it's cool because in
the day I have my mom who comes over I
beg her I begged her to come over for
this month and just help me out with my
boy because I don't know what I'm doing
but at night hey let her I set her free
actually I said her free and she's she
goes back home and it's just left to
myself and Bart and one little cool
thing we did is since we know his
schedule it's usually 1 3 5 when he
wakes up we take shifts so I'll do the
first one apart we'll do it no way
I do the first two and then Bart does
the last one so I do one three and then
he does five because he's just more of a
morning needs more hours to sleep than I
do so I'm just like fucking oh I need
less than you I'll just suck it up I'll
take it but now I'm like oh my god and
oh this is my last week of maternity ish
cuz I'm still having meetings and still
working but this is my last week um so
I'm gonna try to nap like this review is
not cute guys and I love all the
positive message that you guys are
giving me but I feel like I look like
I've been in a freaking drug house for a
minute yeah but the boy is sleeping
right now um for now I don't know how
long but there it is light up in an
office every mom done the stairs she
came in the morning because I have a
meeting in a few minutes so I don't feel
alone and I'm not panicking like nothing
I really panic but it just always feels
good to have you know backup support
look like you're about to jump someone
you know you need your gang like if you
know you're about to jump someone with
one person you're gonna panic a little
bit like a little fuck what if it
doesn't go my way but um but excuse me
but um if you jump someone and you know
you have your posse you feel like yo you
oh fuck his ass up
you know you talk bigger so that's why I
feel like right now I feel like yeah
yeah I got this shit yeah but anyway uh
I'm gonna attempt to get ready
especially since the boy is down um I
hear my mom doing stuff downstairs I'll
let her do whatever she's doing and the
boy is the boy is right
so we'll let him sleep cuz I'm sure he's
also bit sleep deprived just like us you
know me already
all right so a little man here is
getting his checkup he's just getting
his measurements and his weight taken
care of today we thought he was getting
shots be sexually not until two months
so new parent fucked up we messed up
shall we boy good thing give him the
eggs my sister-in-law was honey she
thought it was a two-month to she's I
give it to him 30 minutes before he you
were to take about nothing yeah good
thing you held off good mommy instincts
I just got scared so I'm like well let
me just check with my with my
pediatrician my beliefs pediatrician to
make sure everything's picked but he is
being so fussy I think it's just cuz
it's cold
oh yeah he just got weighed so we have
to put him right here and so he was all
cold here and then we transferred this
super hard surface so that's not comfy
good news though he's a 10 pounds and 6
ounces right now so he's pretty big and
he's almost 23 inches long so he's
growing pretty good big big big big big
he's wearing the clothes of kids that
are like three months old so no your net
loves that you're gonna be big you
little big guy
you vote crusty crusty the clown little
faith
dirty CUNY face dirty cutie face is so
cute cute sucks that being like um
what's the little sister and the
Simpsons ah the little little sister not
Lisa maybe yeah you know she's like
that's what he look like he sounds like
you know wipe your eyes all right so we
are back home and the boy he's asleep oh
my god he looks so little the boy is
asleep doing really good just finish
eating out too long ago and uh yeah I
think we're gonna give him a bath today
cuz he smells really really bad
and my mom's really funny well were you
laughing this did you smell bad
yeah and I think pop is really looking
forward to this bath why are you looking
forward to this bath you are because of
something I am good oh you that this
sobriety this emergent today yeah so I
get this emergent today which um I don't
I just feel like because he's my son
that he's gonna be like me and when I
was a kid I loved getting bats and even
until those days I'm I see a body of
water I don't care if I go to the beach
in the winter I'm kidding in that water
and I love swimming I love water so I
feel like he's a saying so I can't wait
to like fill up enough warm water on the
slide and get to keep it all head above
water it just gets
you make him seem like a mob boss
the way he's gonna like get in the sauna
and just submerge himself and like have
his have like his arms up like yeah so
yeah Robert is definitely looking
forward to that and so am I
cuz I'm I love when he speaks a little
bath but yeah a milestone in dykey
he's gonna get to put his whole body if
you know what else I was thinking about
Palmer what he has never sat in your car
okay good yeah in your dad car like take
it it's for tyka so Bart says it's for
tight because it's a dad car hey what
are you doing I'm just worried about my
mom is ready yet because I don't want to
pieces are hilarious horsepower just yet
yeah you're not gonna floor out what the
hell you know matter I mean I I'm asking
you if you want to take it but we just
take the big truck cause it's comfy I
guess yeah
every time he hears like a cloud noises
his arms will jump in front of him and
then it starts to make others like it
startles him rather the chubby boy my
little healthy chubby boy yes he's doing
so good
oh sorry he's doing so good he's eating
like a champ my pediatrician or his
pediatrician says his color is great his
height is awesome like he's above
average on all of this proud mama oh
yeah
pablor and I um we're back on our diets
are these I'm back on a diet and I'm not
like trying to cut down calories
severely and trying to like get all
skinny none of that no no I'm just
trying to lose this this little fat here
let me see if you could see it but look
at this and it's really more just loose
skin because of the pregnancy or the
pregnant belly and even this line to I
think is gonna eventually go away it's
just it's just pregnancy fat but I'm
just trying to decrease my calories
very slightly because I still am
breastfeeding this point and
breastfeeding is my number one priority
with this dude because I wanted to get
all the antibodies and all the nutrition
that my boobs provide for him not food
it's about boob milk so I'm just taking
it easy I'm not really too stressed over
trying to lose away and trying to eat
healthy and all that stuff in terms of
of course it's healthy that just sounded
weird but yeah and now I also got
clearance for my doctor that I can start
training and of course this is not gonna
be like I'm gonna start maxing out and
beat but just gab
gradually getting back in it so I'm
gonna start doing that tomorrow and it's
what's really cool is I get to train
alongside of my mama she's also trying
to get into shape and you know live a
healthier lifestyle so it's gonna be
really really really fun but chef chef
Papa yeah I have my cup over here right
there water yeah chef papa
warmed up our meals we're gonna have a
romantic meal and I'm about to tell him
what I want to drink but yeah we're
gonna eat them well you know my mom used
to do that she would see the kitchens
closed and we couldn't eat anymore
yeah she's like too bad you come and eat
or the kitchens closed
yeah she's like la cocina in Cicero like
Rockefeller yeah kitchens closed the
Chingam stop waking in the up dad
damn son just give me a nice for now
sorry buddy
papa was excited his boy gets to get
submerged you just gotta cover his
wiener
there you go
let me feel it the temperature oh wow
couple knows the pitch can't wait cover
his weiner again I'm gonna pen let me go
yeah you want a little towel to put he's
frozen
he doesn't understand what's happening
and what come easy this what he likes
you like to talk like this about his
hair
oh good boy it is so good
please will feel some rights in the
water
my good boy you know what's happening
this is my latest toes it tells you
everything that's all the lint that came
out of his tongues in the water huh oh
that's all of it my baby does it go
yummy good boy Oh like a crisis is so
cute the quickest is dead the warm this
one yeah that did a good job good job
with the temperature oh my boy this is
so awesome
what are we then there we go
thanks dad is for the sleep you hooked
me up that this is awesome usually fall
asleep
well that's a bit of a poop in that I'd
be hilarious I gotta put this a wee-wee
look at this cutie pop a bit taking care
of his boy it looks like from here what
does it look like he's doing it looks
like he's about to I don't know scrub
some socks from you okay I'm not gonna
vlog this point on cuz I want to play
with Tyga too
I want to shower with him so I'll catch
you guys at Google later because I want
both of my hands in that water with my
boy
so I've seen a little bit alright so dad
is done with the bath so now I have his
little duck towel waiting for him here
so he can get dried off but I will not
turn on the lights because turning on
the lights means it's daytime which
means it's party time which means he's
wide awake so I have to keep the the
lights dim so that he understands this
is nighttime nighttime we unwind we slow
it down and we started getting ready for
bed and he's been really good at like
kind of adapting to that so yeah sorry
to pause there we had to run over here
cuz they don't want to get cold we're
the worst fit but look his Papa bug has
got him covered up there's no crying
he's drying up his hair I'm gonna help
dad right now with the moisturizer
because this boy he needs to get used to
get smooth for the babies you know he's
gonna help you with the yeah I got you
the wrench you're welcome all right well
it seems like he needs more hounds you
know so I'm gonna help him I'll be right
back
right this boy is hitting his last meal
of tonight is it let me out no no
there's still one more feeding ago so
he's washed ready to go now it's my turn
to get washed and not paper
this always take a shower get ready for
bed and I'll call a night and I want to
say thank you guys so much for tuning in
and watching our first submerge bath
with baby Tyga that that was really
awesome I could have started crying but
um why I did a good job I have it
because it's so beautiful like he was
just so in love like just in the water
and it was it just it I don't know I
mean I was really happy yeah I can't
read baby body language but a little bit
that I can read the fact that he's not
crying he was just completely in the
moment with his bad I was just like this
is so precious and I love that you give
him his bath so I feel like I kill it in
every other department like I ate it
when it when it comes to parenting then
at least you have like the bathroom it's
like oh you the swaddling the bath the
burp that's all poverty so no but
seriously poverty lit and since that's
his shit I'm like yo I'm gonna let you
shine at your shit do it knock out of
the park and he did a great job spike
I've loved it and loved his pop a look
at the way my boy looks at his bed next
time I'm gonna merge a little bit more
water or put on a more water cuz I this
time I didn't well I wanted to test his
water levels so he waters up to his
shoulders this belt was exposed and he
was cool with that - yeah I'll do a
little bit more to see if he's cool with
this Dunleavy and expose little good I
love the strategy cuz job dead cuz I'm
also a student like people that don't
honest with place to teach bothersome oh
you get scared freak out people don't
know how to someone's really fully
submerged not
the whole head but like they started
freaking out yeah yeah yeah well thank
you guys again and see you guys tomorrow
good night
