are those a bunch of wiener dogs on his
pj's
yeah that's CUNY this is one of those
magnetic ones again but his foots all
the way up here hold on let's fix your
foot dude you're on camera now kind of
look presentable
oh don't bro by the way good morning
everyone
his feet are so big oh yeah good morning
his feet are so big that it fits
perfectly I think actually he might be
even curling his toes so he fits in here
this is for I think zero to three months
so three being the biggest he's not even
a month yet you're a big mole fucker boy
yep oh hey
hey thought you did it's actually really
cool because I secretly wanted a big-ass
baby there's this one line in Game of
Thrones where torment the wildling with
that red hair he was a talking to the
Hound
and then he was telling the how and how
he has a crush on Brienne of Tarth and
then he will say yes I want to make
giant monsters with her and I always
wanted to make a giant monster with my
bear and we got one because this kid is
always outgrowing he's actually like
stretching the crap out of clothes that
are for three month olds and three to
six months another to give him two
hundred three to six months now you a
new boy that yummy he eats like crazy
yeah I'm talking about you dude how many
of these do you think he eats a day uh
so he's on breast milk and he's on a
formula just because I don't think he
gets enough of boob milk yeah um okay
like a normal person he might be able to
get good milk so he does both boobs
about 20 minutes each that's more boob
in I get these days and then and then he
stops me like he's acting this euphoric
state of like bliss and then five
minutes later he wants more so my
supplies already down so then he'll get
an additional four ounces of formula
which is nuts
a little monster can't wait till this
guy starts talking
I just want to start walking oh yeah
I'll be so Kimmy candy boy scratched his
face with this hand
oh no that's it I'm waiting for him to
knock out it's like it filed down and
cut his freaking long nails weapons if
you try cutting here now he'll start
crying just worries like look I can't
even open his hand up so it's going
crazy yeah those little fingers they
look like little carrots that's what
sucks about babies is they can't control
their hands so their nails sometimes are
jagged they'll bite the nail or tarnish
sharp like that like a prisoner they
don't have teeth oh yeah that's true
your stories is not believable they do
something you guys babies are up to no
good they're doing something they're
probably sticking in a pencil sharpener
like and then they go so they do crazy
stuff so my bear is gonna be responsible
and cut out all his little fingers off
you pass the fuck out these are the
faces he makes he's just like ready to
out look at this we're getting a limp
baby real quick look I gotta clean your
crusty face years old crusty here's a
meatloaf update he no longer has to wear
his cone anymore look how handsome he is
oh I missed you missed you without your
cone the couple happier you are the co
happy your good boy Oh your good boy
so uh they they fix this tail
unfortunately go away fun fun go away
God go back over there Coco look look
what you did now you scare them with
what photos over here so she went to the
bed you got right back up yeah where the
hell you going fun fun go over there
what do you keep falling for it this
isn't about
you oh my goodness go there go dude you
guys are gonna freakin desert
smashing everything so this guy yeah he
did have to get his tail amputated but
the vet said it's the best for him and
it is perfectly healed now so now all we
have to do is wait for all the fur to
grow back but because it's healed he
doesn't have to wear a cone anymore and
he's so happy and he's not whining and
squirming it was so sad he would bump
into the slightest thing like the log
book because I think like you're
starting to get affected or something
and I was cleaning it every day but
maybe just him biting it or getting it
wet and so when we weren't seeing so it
was always wet yeah so now it's finally
healed and I actually think it looks
really good on you meatloaf you look
very unique you don't look like any
other German Shepherd out there and I
actually think it matches them better
order by you know his name's meatloaf so
he's like a stubby guy having a
conversation can you not interrupt sorry
so when your fur grows back you're gonna
have a thick fat tail like a little
chode tail the way you're meant to have
it cuny yes
breakfast is here mom bear was such an
amazing sweetheart cuz as I was sleeping
in she already knew to order breakfast
and she ordered exactly what I wanted
she told me there's french toast in here
somewhere
Oh french toast eggs and bacon what am i
bread yet she got pancakes and eggs and
bacon we live in such a cool era to be
able to order food and just have it come
to your door it's we've become the
laziest generation in the world but it's
also the most convenient and the most
relaxing so there's always its pros and
cons and I'm making my coffee I've I
showed you guys my coffee yet so I don't
I did have my Folgers but then I
remembered that one of my favorite
coffee
is this Hawaiian one because I love love
Kona coffee just so aromatic it's pretty
much like outside of hazelnut coffee
there's not another confidence as
aromatic as Kona coffee and kono
confidence even have any additional
flavorings it's just the way that coffee
is grown in Hawaii and I found that off
the Amazon so I bought a bunch of these
and you see how about the back there and
I don't really drink the other anymore I
didn't do this right why don't you do it
like this is you have one clip on this
side damn it clipped it wrong bit on
this side but yeah so I'm drinking this
with my french toast and this is gonna
be so yummy Marberry you want to use the
plastic utensils or you'll need some
real use these plastic ones oh wow so
low maintenance I kind of like the metal
ones because it tastes better and I
enjoy the experience so my bad I'm gonna
get metal as your meadowlands I knew it
I just get it I know you my bear always
Margaret always does this shit
Oh mother your ice cream comes now and
as soon as I start pulling down she sees
how delicious it is she's like fine that
takes them that also got grapefruit
juice I comment below if you love
grapefruit juice I knew I set it up
wrong so this one's yours oh it's giving
it to me after oh yeah here's your
coffee
Thanks time to eat look how peaceful
this guy looks I'm missing him like this
oh you just got son of a bitch I was
gonna show how peaceful you looked
laying on the bed because the comb
prevent you from laying her head down
then you just ruined it go over there
and look peaceful look peaceful yeah
well his head was all the way down he
still looks peaceful now never mind
don't sniff my fingers because I have
French
toast we can drizzle on it you crazy
this is my life now
NEMA baron Tycho we're trying to go on a
family date at the beach but before we
can go there we first have to listen to
the Jurassic Park theme song in the car
and my bear has to feed tyka cuz he's
hungry so we're just stuck in the truck
in the parking lot before we go anywhere
is he almost done
he's studying the notes of this
composition busy yeah moving his
eyebrows
so epic this is like the most epic
feeding ever he's a different movement
the peaceful is the calm after the storm
he has come look at him oh it matches
the theme song like crazy
he was so helpful even though he had
food like less than an hour such a
monster he's a dinosaur get it it was
the Jurassic Park theme song yeah he's a
dinosaur get it
God the fucking guy job
it's Jurassic Park he's a dinosaur
you're a taker Saurus yeah like uh sorry
I got one it's going to speak now what
do you want to do your own way for him
the poop and changes I prefer are we
eggs anything to leave now we got leave
now okay
the pacifier is all set up and we're
ready to go and this guy is now knocked
the hell no he's not it's a week hey
tiger
oh you look so grumpy you just finished
you should see his eyebrows and look
just like yours
well you love look at those freaking
IRAs are you know hands and fighting
position ready to go mister I got a
cover-up sunburn from the Sun
I don't know yet where where we're going
or what's about to be there so there's
gonna be a lot of Sun I think
we wanted the interactive payments not
happen
to that like yep to that way
right needed ever done
weird is right now
oh it is clear you can actually see the
sand what the huh
you know Redondo Beach is the feed size
for my dad's all our daughters
yeah one thing I also like about this
Beach is that it's not very packed
compared to like Santa Monica so pretend
like I never told you which Beach I'm at
don't go to this one this one is really
polluted and dirty it go to Santa Monica
throw your hand Beach
is that I see all the Tigers roots on
the pr2
yeah there's a lowrider convention over
there and that is all the Tigers Mexican
roots Wow look at these cars so cool
it's so nice look at how shiny the
chrome is it's such a good job restoring
these guys 1955 Chevy Bel Air
convertible look at the attention to
detail in these things
you have a favorite your car I'm not
that much into cars where I know a
difference remember you told me like you
really liked Nova's before me no bus no
muss things I was I think you'd like to
know what no I like shove else I would
might have to tell you this honest
honestly the golden year for me of all
the cars that I really like it tends to
be in like 60s like like maybe 62 to
like maybe 60
those are like the golden use for me
those are my favorite years too early
yeah usually around 67 this is what I
feel like the best cars came out yeah
yeah around there sure that I'm like oh
shit that was nice and then I look at
the U and I'm like okay it's the golden
years yeah like I like the fastback
Mustangs from that year the Chevelle the
Nova even the Buick Riviera all those
what do you think about cars that have
wood on it you like those type of cars
it makes me one of those surface looks
cool surfing or if it's a if it's a
station wagon yeah and I think of
camping either surfing how do they make
them would look so nice that's so crazy
they even the insides would Wow all
there's three rows of seats that's all
cool this is like the ultimate family
car oh yeah I know something that'll
make you really happy yeah can't believe
how much of an analyst on money-wise
everybody that's because everyone loves
fishing
everyone loves fishing and everyone
that's going pier fishing too
fine yes you are all these fishies get
to live happily ever after
meanwhile let's see what mr. Titus up to
alright
not that F out he's having a great time
at the beach are they most importantly
as long as he's giving that nice ocean
breeze and getting a break from that
spunky girl really happy without type of
this message so this pier is really cool
I mean this pier is not cool at all
because there's all these yucky food
places like Mexican food
yucky funnel cake ice cream there's all
kinds of yucky food here so make sure
you don't come here but and we're having
a horrible time so far
fine are you gonna get it oh my goodness
there's Charles are gonna get Charles or
a funnel cake I
are you into funnel cakes uh yeah
did you know funnel cakes is like a
almost like a la staple like if you go
to one of those fairs up here first of
all you have to get a funnel cake at
least I grew up always getting a funnel
cake on a pier or like OC Fair or
something like that
I did you that's too bad it was now they
think I just make sense oh they even
have hot dogs there's a Dodger dog oh my
goodness shrimp and chips nacho cheese I
think I might have to get something oh
my goodness maven have Bobo what the
hell this place is multicultural like
crazy what do you want to get that are
you gonna get you want anything so chef
funnel cake with me yeah yeah just
sharing should I get a hot dog okay
we'll see we'll leave it up to chance
chance
do you smell it Oh fresh funnel you
can't smell it okay
funnel cake time you've been craving it
for so long I haven't actually been
craving it for that long I have what do
you mean well cuz we're talking about
going to the pier today so I was like if
we're going to the pier we're gonna have
to get funnel cake if I haven't gotten
funnel cake in at least probably five
years well okay few years now is right
it's not something every day no where do
you find it Sam's long
this is crazy I've never seen this
before
French Japanese cuisine the R is I can't
even imagine what they would make Mason
R is that's all please what kind of food
do you think they make I think they make
French and Japanese like what is that
how's that manifested it's a great with
sashimi inside that sounds yucky that's
all that's on their menu that's true
I mean you have to go up that staircase
what is that so they have a bunch of
oysters and these always stirs already
farm to have a pearl in them so they go
and you shuck the oyster and then
there's a problem then they polish it
and it give you the probe as always
they're dead afterwards I don't know I
was really young
that's a gets thought you liked doing I
was really young fine
well I don't think we should be shucking
any oysters
coz I'm pretty sure that's usually what
me also when you're a kid when there's
it doesn't have a face yeah but when
you're a kid there's no face you don't
think it's a live animal yeah that's
half the animals that are available at
supermarkets are farm to kill true but
this is for entertainment and like for
fun that is so I'm sure some Chinese guy
eating up the oyster me up end that's
his job just to eat the meat yeah like
what's the Paschal sauce and lemon mmm
delicious I never thought about it that
it's really sad
all right let's keep going on this date
you always see this in movies and I
never understood why but they always
have these old-school machines and this
one is a scale and you're supposed to go
on a date and I guess I supposed yeah
it's almost the way yourself a private
date but then it's like this but it's
like this piece of history that they
don't want to move so now it's the scale
and you put 25 cents any sandwich your
way
did you understand why they had these on
Pierce no I know one that kind of retain
this style isn't line like Street yeah
we have all that old school you put men
and stuff yeah I don't know this one I
never understood it
like I get the binoculars maybe because
it has scales but oh maybe huh nice
sounds stupid I have no idea maybe
that's the answer then how scales back
in the day so they like can't wait to go
on a date and see how much we weigh I
know why is that why was that such an
attraction we got to look that up now
Google
yeah it's all of two by Five Crowns what
do I stop five so the guy looks familiar
and the girl looks better I guess yeah
I've might have gonna get on it alright
so that concludes a little ocean
what do you call it there's an adventure
it was really cute it was really nice
for a little bit we got to put tyke up
on the sand and I don't mean his actual
body I mean like the little carrier that
he's in I got to put in the center that
was really cutie
there's other jobs yet that's why is it
any shots tomorrow actually say can't
wait till he gets his shots then up we
could take them everywhere and it's
gonna be super freakin awesome but now
we're gonna go home and I don't know
what we're gonna do we're probably gonna
flirt some more know that risk it fuck
it
in your face mama then your face that
fit
leave it to dad's to do the risky shit I
just didn't want to be in charge of the
you scratch they need for exactly you
know this this little you trying to say
the limp between his toes look I know
for me it's the best when I could stick
my fingers in between him and take it
out but he won't let me do you see him
blue look at this one
why does he only have one sock on cuz
it's dad got mad and threw it on the
floor no but that doesn't pay attention
okay
time for me to eat to yourself you just
got home and I got hungry and I swear I
swear I swear to God what and you went
against the grain
anyways I swear I swear I swear he's
gonna be the last cheat meal I have it's
all this is one of my like my s GP so I
got two meals first of all but one of
them is one of my sgv favorite favorites
so I was trying to call it my semi
healthy hold on I was gonna go with semi
healthy with my ramen and she was like
oh where does be man I'm like be mad if
you guys haven't been Abby manse so they
had this teriyaki avocado burger that's
the bomb and I haven't had that a lot of
times I haven't been around it and I've
been on a diet so but anyways I got this
my teriyaki avocado burger curly fries
damn so I got this but I was just trying
to get ramen but then because she said
it was it was on the thingamabob I was
like order me that so I got that about
to eat this and then eat the ramen while
my son drinks his yummy I'm a food yeah
I don't know he's a weirdo so there's a
lot of I've heard of a lot of picky
babies yeah I only want bro
Milko only want formula but this kid
loves his pacifier he loves equally
loves this freaking would assist his
formula and equally loves boobies yeah
like he eats everything but the only
problem is I run out of boobie juice so
then he has to go for this and then look
at that attitude he hates it everyone
out of boobie juice he's just like me I
love everything hey this is the part of
you guys never seen we actually don't
know why he's crying so he was crying
earlier we thought it was hungry and he
was cuz he knocked down not only one of
these but another one so he knocked down
two bottles oh he just stopped randomly
I have a feeling he's not ending mister
tyka are you still gonna cry
be quiet dad oh and he's not cold
he gets so red dude he's about to cry
like when he cries like this holy you
freaking dinosaur he's only 3 weeks old
and he's already fucking lifting up his
head like he's got some business to do
look
the purpose give me ammunition Tiger
this is the stuff I'm a player your
wedding this is the stuff high school
graduation any chance I get to embarrass
you I'm going to archives and pull it
out you have an awesome loving mom which
is doing her job but it is so huge is a
freaking trombone told you that's dumb
what you're saying does anything he said
he's not gonna bash you I promise
mama does such a good job take care of
her mouth stay open though can't breathe
he's a must breather oh you know you're
not a mom I'm just you know monster it's
okay
i'ma beat him up later yeah these videos
for some reason every time your mom
beats me up you get another brother
alright guys so we are wrapping up our
night closing it out with some Breaking
Bad yes we know it's been forever since
this since the series ended but for us
we're just like hey we finally got time
sort of since this kid was born so we're
trying to catch up and be humans Papa
Bear looks tired as shit yeah look sorry
a little bit yeah you got these things
going for you oh happy what's up and
this guy's knocked out a little naked
boy over here a his nipple sensor but
yeah we had a really nice time the dogs
are children getting ready for bed I
think Briggs should be over there yep
thank you guys so much for watching
we're calling it a night putting
everyone to bed and we will see you guys
tomorrow
