hey what's up guys thank you for
following us on our journey throughout
our life you've seen us do so many
things buy cars move into a house and
now we have tyka a little baby which has
been awesome and he's been pretty much
the center of attention for our lives
for our last month this past month and
we wanted to break up the vlogs a little
Q&A cuz we've been reading a lot of
comments and if you guys like this maybe
we can do this more often maybe once or
twice a month let us know in the
comments below maybe even some
challenges or whatever I will try to
bring tyka more into this mix yeah we
know that the blog's have been looking a
little bit different and that's just
basically because tyga has taken over
the world like i did mention in his IG
he is king of the bail world
so anything Tycho wants is what's kind
of popping off so that's the reason for
the sudden change in bugs yeah so the
first question is any advice for
soon-to-be parents and these are our
questions coming from all fans right no
okay
any advice for soon-to-be parents um
damn get ready not to sleep but they're
not kidding like you're not gonna sleep
so prepare for that yeah I think there's
one thing that other parents have told
me and I couldn't really understand that
but now I do which is they say there's
nothing you can do to prepare for it and
because in your mind you're thinking
like whatever you think it's gonna be I
can do it like this or do it like that
every kid is different we were talking
to one of our neighbors the other day
and she came in and she was like oh your
baby sleeps every two to three or it
gets up every two or three hours and to
me I'm like that's already not enough
that's always not enough and it wrecks
my sleep and then I hear that that baby
wakes up every 30 to 45 minutes so I'm
like damn so it's pretty much whatever
plan you have it's gonna be completely
different based off her baby
that's one another another big big one
is have a support unit whether that's
your significant other or on your family
or your friends like you cannot do okay
you can do it by yourself but you're
gonna go crazy and it's not it's not
pleasant because it can get very
frustrated can't get
hiring so have a support system for sure
yeah I was actually talking to my dad
and he was like see like you know he's
been bugging me and we talked about
jaqen ears and their vlogs all the time
where he's been bugging me to have a can
you see didn't you don't you feel like
you should have one earlier now and I
was like no actually I'm really happy I
had a baby the way now because I'm not
telling him like when I was younger I
had less patience
more of a temper problem and not that
he's ever pissed me off or anything like
that but I just think like if you ignore
yourself and you know you're easily
frustrated or you're still like after
it's a couple of hustles in your life
having a baby is definitely a huge kind
of like sidetrack yeah that's like
checking where it takes you away from it
but there are more things to deal with
now and so I can't be selfish anymore
yeah you can't be selfish so I think for
me like I was really happy that I waited
until I was a little bit older and I
felt like my life was ready for it you
know and so I told my dad that he was
the Osher I never thought of it that way
I don't like that's probably beat my ass
every day because you were young and you
had a bad temper okay two questions
never this cause I'm like really glad
that we're documenting this coz this is
rare and we get we didn't look back this
morning fine Barton Jill hello what is
your favorite thing about being new
parents and what is the hardest thing
yet what is the hardest thing you have
had to overcome for me the funnest thing
is seeing this kid change and develop
and morph into himself every single day
like he already looks different to me
than when I first brought him home yeah
and then just like like he's getting to
know his limbs so I think just
developmental stages that he goes
through like it's really fascinating to
witness me what's going crazy on the
side we're just a house full of life
bless you so for me I think of a tiger
it's it's just so fun watching him learn
about the world cuz it's literally a
smaller mini version of you and so when
your baby first comes out you're like oh
my god that's me and then but it's you
with the blank slate
and you can kind of see them in this new
world kind of
taking all these things and hearing a
sound rotating their head and theirs is
so cool you get to see like something
literally come from nothing little seed
become this plant one of the toughest
things to overcome for me is definitely
sleep I'm one of those guys that needs 8
9 hours of sleep every single night and
because I have to get up a couple times
a night it does affect me a little bit
but it doesn't affect me in a way where
you dread getting up it's just every
time you get up you're so happy like
when I'm feeding him it just there's
this bond it just feels so warm and
awesome but because the sleep is
interrupted you do feel it the next the
next couple hours and throughout the day
yeah I definitely think that's the
toughest for me to definitely and I feel
like that for me at least is the
toughest because I have a really cool
support system like I mentioned earlier
like we split up you know our night
sessions into shifts in the daytime I
have my mom here as support so because I
have that support system sleeping
luckily has become the toughest right
this kind of ties in the last question
and this one if you guys are thinking
about having kids I highly recommend
setting yourself up where you can have
at least one or two regular family
members that are coming over before you
have it that will lay a really good
foundation and if you do need to take a
quick nap like sometimes Jill's mom is
really awesome remember like can we just
take a an applicant for one hour so yeah
watching the boom and go and that helps
out so much like it just recharges your
batteries yeah don't be fooled he's
never like this I'm still very
surprising this chill like don't be
fooled don't be like oh look at my G oh
it tighten it look at chill tech is no
this is not don't take this don't be
like I'm ready to be a parent cuz look
at how each other's kid is third
question did Meat Loaf's tail get
amputated after all yes
mucus is literally on the side of this
camera right now and his tail looks like
this weird like 8-inch nub looking thing
if they get amputated any mood
immediately his spirits got better
though like he was just a different dog
super happy again
and his first going back you can't
really tell too much yeah surprisingly I
didn't like my own personal
first got in the way of his well-being
because when the doctor recommended it
also you're gonna cut his tail off my
butt that's my beautiful me love ya
fucking tail like there's got to be
another way and the doctor was like no I
highly recommend it in the moment well
we'll take our chances and he was
whimpering and you know I think got
slightly affected and there's all these
medical issues and finally we brought
him endo you know what I think it's a
good idea to cut his tail off on my
alright you know it seems like we have
no choice so literally three days after
he got his tail amputated that being
healed completely his his spirits are
back up he's not like you know going
around all the press on my man like
these doctors go to medical school you
know what they're talking about and now
he doesn't have his full tell but I
think it matches them more because he is
short and stubby so poor guy he's cute
alright next one is what were your other
name options oh you gotta tell him yours
so my first first name I I wanted I
really liked Arabic names and I wanted
it I wanted to name him Jamil and I had
another one which was Jaleel and I had I
might even have some written down in my
phone - yeah one of them was a Darius I
think in Persian that meant King Maxwell
was one of them Maximus is another
Maximus is another one Oh another one
was Aquila I mean that was Indian I
forgot what that meant but I liked or
both of us we really liked names that
kind of have a little bit of meaning and
it just sounds cool and it's not so like
I guess Rome I don't even know our you
know romanized words like for example uh
like if my Chinese name is Shu home
it'll become too Hank
oh I feel like Angela like that's
wherever whatever Angela came from it
could have been like I'm hanging out
yeah it could have been like Latin but
then
to be romanized it it's like yeah that's
the pilots awesome like you never know
he's learning his own voice learning how
to speak and see if there's any other
names that I could just I can't remember
them they all got rejected I'm a ton of
my Jamil Jalil Nisha
akela Amala Anika Anil Chandra this
before we even knew if it was a gardener
a Chandra met means moon in Indian
answer that girl's name Kanye Azumi
Kazumi Darius a mark Amari Amara
Azra Aaliyah Khalil kalique Malik Samir
Zara hope it didn't leak hopefully
didn't leak yeah didn't leak so
hopefully uh those none of those names
made it maybe it was it was a tie
between Maxwell and Ty Cup for sure and
and not until like he was born we were
like it's like a it's that yeah and then
the middle name Octavius is named after
Jill's pop yeah which is Octavio but
then we made it because my my nephews I
think they got that name so we're like
oh let's make a variation of that and it
was off Davies yeah so tyka Octavia's
kwan that's this way next question is
Barton Gio how does it feel to have a
baby
also when are you guys planning to have
baby number two oh it is definitely a
surreal feeling for sure there's I'm
still like letting it all sink in he's
been here for like a month
um a little bit over a month and I stare
at him and I'm like I can't believe this
is my case where I look at my mom
holding him and I'm like I can't believe
my mom's here babysitting my kids like
he's mine yes so odd or I see you
holding him and I'm like that's barred
son where did he come from like it's so
surreal it's really amazing to see him
change like when he first came out here
at hella Asian and I think every single
day one didn't look like me and every
single day he's starting to look more
and more mixed and looks more like Gio
and in the beginning it would trip me
out some like how did a Chinese baby
come out of a Mexican vagina like that
is just you don't see that every day so
that just kind of caught me off guard
and baby number two I think we're
thinking about maybe maybe I don't have
that much time already 34 that much time
I think the cutoff for women is like 40
like the later in your 30s you go the
higher the risk it is to have a baby
so the sooner the better for sure but um
but let's say we talked to our OB and he
says that you can wait like four years
no I wouldn't wait that much so just do
what it to you yeah like maybe a year or
two okay so we'll do one or two years
tough yeah a lot of you know sleep these
days all right next one how are the pups
dealing with the new baby that's awesome
because that's kind of one thing we're
really worried about just because you
hear all these horror stories you know
like dogs biting kids and stuff like
that and also German Shepherds are known
to be like a more aggressive breed so
and meatloaf has a history of doing
crime yeah no we're just kind of worried
so we weren't too worried about bringing
in funds which is so loving and even
seeing the other dogs you saw no but you
said other dogs
okay quarters so like clubbing so when
we first brought him home we're very
very cautious sorry
we're very very cautious and fondant
break he actually turned on their
maternal instincts and they became so
protective of him now and so anytime the
door or any went barks some scratch or
rock on before they turn into like these
mama wolf mama wolf traits come out and
meatloaf is completely cool like before
I was kind of scared of my man what if
you just come to just grab it by the
head and just drag him away like I've
seen him do to other small creatures he
comes into smells his head and he just
walks away so everything's been going
really good yeah and then um
fawn and pretty always getting between
strangers visiting him they're like what
are you doing with my baby and then fawn
every single day has to lick the bottom
of Tychus feet every day she smells in
and she was okay and then she starts
licking his feet and tyke is always like
what the hell is it
sensation this is weird because he
doesn't know where it's happening this
hair salon all right next question
mm okay is tyka going to have godparents
and if so who are you going to choose I
don't know I think godparents is like a
Catholic thing right is it I don't know
isn't that like a Mexican theme I'm not
sure but um I guess unofficially we
haven't even announced it I don't think
we've thought about it much but if we
had to think about it we were saying
tiffin David would be the godparents
does that mean they happy a man oh it
just means if something were to happen
to us
yeah and our family I guess then they're
the next in line to like oh I'm not safe
for sure cuz she's been saying how much
she loves tiger before Todd was even
born but David I didn't know did we talk
to David he was just cool uh even has to
be cool with them what the hell okay
David you're cool with it I'm letting
you know you're what about like guys
just like standing what about Joe or
anybody else what about Joe anybody else
can you see this guy you like about to
like do something I don't know I just I
just felt like David was was a better
bake yeah alright cuz leave is just a
family person I think Joe just wants to
live the Joe life and and when he's
ready then I don't know when that'll be
nothing Joe it was just such a free
spirit like Eagles yeah David's very
very family okay alright okay when do
you plan on taking a little bell on his
first Hawaii trip oh my god tomorrow no
um for me I'm down when he can already
start making memories so maybe after
here I think I want him to be able to
like enjoy it so I would like him to
walk around by the time he starts going
to Hawaii and experiencing it so at
least by the time he walks yeah um I
think for me uh I think for me Hawaii
needs a couple of things one is that
the water and every time I give him a
bath he has a great time he didn't love
it so for sure he's gonna love the water
which is that's a ok number one number
two I think I also think about others so
I I would hate to be that family with
that screaming baby on the plane because
it just sucks like everyone trying to go
on vacation and you're a baby's causing
a ruckus oh we've been on the planes
with those people you're like I've had a
baby like right behind me screaming all
night and it's it's rough so I think for
me I'd probably want to go on like a
test or flight something short either to
Vegas to San Francisco or something
that's like 45 minutes like less than an
hour and I just kind of test his
temperament on a plane and if it's good
then I probably sooner than later but if
he's a fucking a screamer he's not going
anywhere anywhere a doggie we're just
gonna show him YouTube videos yeah until
we can figure out a way to make sure you
doesn't look you screaming baby this is
what Hawaii would look like if you were
actually there yeah and I've also been
looking up swimming lessons and you can
start kids in swim lessons as early as
six months so if he can leave through
your eyes on a screamer and I can get
him some swimming lessons I feel like
you'd already have a really good time
like this is awesome
yeah these are some great questions I
actually had to tap into things and like
really think about it and like well what
do what do I find really hard about
parenting or what is really cool about
parenting so these are really cool
questions thanks guys yeah thank you
thank you guys yeah let us know once
again if you guys like this you want to
break up some of the vlogs just do some
challenges do any other type of videos
with tyka let us know in the comments
below and we're for sure keep doing that
and other than that we're gonna keep
sharing our little bear life bear world
bear journey with you guys and thank you
for watching yeah and honestly have sex
response responsibly because if you
don't something like this will happen
which is beautiful but then you ain't
sleeping you're probably gonna have a
sex for a long time and it's gonna be a
lot of work so we're condom good kids
