good morning guys holy shit this is a
four-second for me I'm wearing makeup
and I don't know if you can see but I
have like the darkest circles under my
eyes right now just because I haven't
really slept much because um you know
newborns don't really like to sleep for
more than three four hours and you know
us older people us full-grown people
we're not even older people that's full
grown people like to sleep a minimum of
six minimum of six would be nice but
that's not happening um but more so it
sucks that I didn't really get a good
night's sleep just because I am back to
filming JK news today and that's a
really long process but I'm super
excited because I get to be back with my
friends and connect as just a person
that does not have a baby I don't get to
just get stuck at home not that I minded
I love the fact that I get to be at home
but it's also nice to switch it up a bit
so I'm only doing a half they usually
were there for like I don't know 12 plus
hours but um today I'm only doing a
half-day which means I only be there for
like four or five hours it's not too bad
yeah and I'm stoked I'm really excited
to just again switch it up I'm in Papa
bear's car which is even better I
actually love driving this car cause
it's super fucking fast
and it sounds really guys I mean it's
such a masculine car and I just like it
but yeah I'm excited to go and hang out
it's the first time that I'm going back
without being pregnant and filming some
I get to move around and play around
with my body a little bit more because I
haven't been able to do that I don't
have the same aches and pains I used to
add the kid so sitting for a long time
was really kicking my ass so I'm looking
forward to seeing how it all feels now
with this brand new body of mine papa
we just came back from a baby leave yeah
how does it feel to be back with with
these beautiful people feels awesome
it's really fun to be back and I kind of
missed it a little bit oh you're not
important anymore how did you take I
don't know I'm trying to instigate okay
yeah Casey all the time so we always
have talks but I think with JK news I
did miss it cuz it's like one of the
funnest parts of the job just talking
having fun and they can't do weird
articles and stuff yeah so yeah it feels
it feels really good to be back
what about for you guys were we missed
at all piece of shit you said you said
it was the worst sessions ever I miss
you the most because I had to book
people for you guys to be ah you just
used me that's the worst that's weird
because like sometimes I have a urge to
talk shit to somebody and there's no way
and you look yes I go slow-mo oh man
it's a nice person I guess and then in
your mind it just turns it to black and
white is just really sad they would
bicker to find somebody like Steven
Nikki they sat there in the holding and
then it was like baby Lexi would be like
like that's important to you yeah what
is it about this side fucking zone and
the fuck is that I bought this a month
ago that is sex pillow he's been
bringing in what him and jumbo added
yeah I want to kick I probably didn't
kick really good well you want to kick
him hard kick him hard for me babe kick
him hard for me really hard really hard
kick through him kick through him this
actually feels really good though super
bad yeah so you can go on it yeah Oh
David okay keep playing around
he's gonna collapse right now this is
like - this is good leg okay he's gonna
spit up blood
- wait behind me so it's easier from you
to hold how come you're out of breath
huh how'd you meet by this shit it's
fucking good
I'm sorry just watching cuz I'm gonna
kick then no I shouldn't
why cuz you got stitches on a pretend
about that okay dang-son bar it's like
so happy right now you have no idea
David wait a more realistic - the bag
yeah yeah
David's fucking Jesus David oh my god
you're gonna kill him please be careful
oh wait let me get this let me get this
this is way this is the last moment
David's alive all right can you just
fucking sucker people kick it and that's
shit hurting me why doing wrong why do
you have this huh it's a great stress
very fine Oh who holds it for you either
Khaleesi or my brother day your brother
hit me then hold on warm up first Oh bro
right yeah yeah it's nice and thick you
want to give it a couple kicks no I
shouldn't
I should chill I do later later though
down no just got back home immediately
went into the mom outfit I got home
crying so I gave I breastfed him and am
I like breastfeeding I'm laying down so
we were laying down and this is how he
some I tried to do some work wait for
him to wake up naturally and then we'll
move downstairs right now kind of
hostage he hasn't been sleeping that
good so um I'll usually take on the
night shift when he wakes up during the
night and he he only sleeps like for an
hour dude usually he sleeps for three or
four so I'm gonna see what's going on
with that it could be normal could be
growing you just be hungry cuz he's in
the growing phase but he's up now just
yeah that's what it looks like
yeah big-ass bed this is where I sleep
look it that's that's the only space
eating's up yeah I should have put him
in the bassinet but since I was
breastfeeding that's gonna how we ended
up so we'll just leave them like that
okay I'm gonna get some work done all
right
if this isn't birth control for you guys
please PLEASE ready for that use
protection for sure right tyka it ain't
easy okay feeding all right so now I'm
at Babies R Us and it's my first time
ever being at Babies R Us and I'm
literally like cuteness overload Oh
bleep take my freaking money just take
it already actually have this for tyka
it's really cool for parents or just
anyone that has trouble sleeping it's a
white noise maker but it's specifically
for kids because it plays like different
little melodies like ABC twinkle twinkle
it has like an ocean sound but and it's
a little nightlight and then it projects
stars and stuff so that's pretty cool
but where else can I spend okay this for
our dogs shit oh fuck that's awkward
this is literally what we use for our
dogs oh my goodness what the hell is is
helping baby get back to sleep back to
sleep bunny
he doesn't even need it but I want to
get it because fucking cute all right
I'm actually here just for baby wipes
but I'm already on the wrong fucking
aisle like there's stuff to support the
belly I was for breastfeeding that's
pretty cool I'm like what the fuck is
that
heart to heart it's like a baby monitor
what the fuck
belly band it district that's one thing
dude
like after you give birth doesn't mean
your belly goes the way I showed you
guys I bet he's a little bit better if
you're gonna pump oh my goodness oh I
use this from my breast pump you know
when I can't feed him every day I always
put my boobies I can give him at least
booboo milk look at this fucking big ass
bottle I use these I'm not a pro like
this shit holy motherfucking god there's
so many fucking diaper types shit
motherfucking no joke dude damn this is
a freaking forever commitment probably
told me just kidding he's sleeping again
that's literally his life eat sleep
poopy and stay away from mom and dad
want to sleep but it's crazy because
he's not aware that he has arms
and legs and stuff so he'll spasm like
that and it might wake him up so then
what I have to do is I just have to
comfort him and make sure he knows that
he's safe you did this hand what are you
doing he's been like breaking that a
little bit and if he could see that only
four heads and that's actually due to a
lot of the hormones that he has did to
pregnancy with me and now that he's just
trying to get his system up and running
loss is going on down here all right his
little socks on his little foot but
his grandma Bart's mom came over and she
bought him this little fisher-price
lion piano I'm sure she was going after
the tiger theme because tyke the man's
tiger and I'm sure they didn't have it
this was like the closest thing I didn't
see here when she came over to the
exhaust shooting AJ can use but I'm sure
that did she was going for but look at
how cute this baby is look at this
I haven't played it yet because okay
good it's off tyke has been sleeping but
I'll tiny it is like my hand just took
up a whole keyboard basically I can't
wait to play it it has eight musical
instruments or drum sounds Oh Papa's
gonna love that
hey rhythms for animals wonder what
animals there's the waltz some bout and
March disco there's a harp organ guitar
violin volume tempo cowbell what is that
snare drum oh my god is cool just oh you
could press his nose then what that's
gonna do I can't wait til I play this
you ready to rock home world taiko
alright well because my mom is agreeing
to train so we got to make sure we got a
healthy donor she can take care of this
healthy boy look at her waiting on me
she hates being on camera
but anyway yeah
let's go Trina
damn do-do-do-do-do-do
funny funny bear funny funny funny bear
all right fingers are so cute let me
tell you guys something
as soon as he was born one of the first
things I asked was what is this thumb
look like because you guys didn't want
oh I have these weird fucking hammer
thumbs that I used to hate growing up
but now I don't give a shit I'm like
whatever so I looked at his thumb you
guys let me tell you this weird toe the
tiger
good job my boy proud of you right so
right now I'm gonna multitask I'm gonna
watch my boy
focus well I train and watch my mom so
really quickly
this is her work on she's been killin em
so slow he's doing five in a treadmill
five by ten bucks watch that bull down
five by ten high knees dumbbell rows and
the 20 minutes right now she's got this
she's not warm up now so why she warms
up I'm gonna watch that guy
and look at what these bitches are doing
do you remember we used to space
have to be quiet because King take
co-sleeping I can't wait till you get to
older and I can just hold him and just
dance awesome you used my soul rough
Oh cute
pretty desperately wants her to play tug
of war but funny giving a shit about it
she's got her foot stuck in it
Oh
there we go
so mom Pandora and they put guardians of
the galaxy self-check or Original Score
let's see what the next song is I love
that it's all check Dupree your tale
I feel like the song was on stepbrothers
right really cute as pose bitches bro
there's so much going on in my house
right now
meatloaf is he's my boy he's causing me
no drama
good job meatloaf my mom's good all
right good.you good over here
you good yeah uh how you been just doing
you guys good all right I have to keep
making my rounds you're right you're
right you're good you good
dude another thing I'm fucking excited I
can wear my barbell shirts again I mean
it's still a little bit tight just
because I still got well put you stomach
look at that and this weird ass line but
I'm getting rid of my pudgy stomach this
is just all skin and fought but working
on it
I still can't I hadn't gotten clearance
for my doctor to trade it's been just
about three weeks that I gave birth to
this guy Oh tomorrow me through these oh
my god that you he's a big three weeks
old he's the most slow these up becoming
brand new anymore but yeah and I'm
supposed to like lay low for four to six
weeks but my body feels like it's
seriously back and we're getting tired
of just giving this pledge I've already
changed my eating habits dramatically
like um what you gonna do I'm watching
you be nice to him that's a cute little
angle get a break um yes I've been
watching when I eat now my appetites
decreased a lot not because I'm doing it
on purpose that's just naturally what
happened because I don't have my little
Barracuda and me anymore that's scarfing
everything down he's out and about in
the world so my body has changed
according to that and I am breastfeeding
so I make sure that my calorie
consumption is still up but not a crazy
amount so that's really changing the
only thing I'm missing in my life and I
need to move I need to do something I
mean I do walk and stuff but I seem to
get clearance from my doctor saying hey
it's good to start lifting again you
know and of course I'm not gonna go and
try to like break any world records even
though I can't but I'm not gonna attempt
to do any of that stuff I'm obviously
gonna ease my way back into it well if
you want then all right yeah she's done
so I gotta go check up on her bareback
well let me see how to make this dude
alright this is one of type is a
signature sleeping positions oh wow he
moved to position he's doing like a we
shall overcome fist shit I'm a boy
okay see you later
Unitas
I'm smiling white smiling you big weirdo
are you some winding you big weirdo
you're the one to smile for them anymore
huh boy like you need ID oh my baby
shut the hell up mom fuck
okay you're all gonna shut up now
just take the cap away okay I'm taking
the camera away you smile I'm taking it
away you smile okay fine all right
they started smiling as soon as I took
the camera way you smile nope
sorry king TECA said no small today
mother fuckas all right so it's almost
10:00 and it's really time for us to
unwind so I like to bring tyke upstairs
I like to dim the lights just to kind of
let him know that it's nighttime so we
need to unwind
I play classical music because it seems
like that's what soothes him he could be
really fussing as soon as he hears
classical music it's like so many noises
that he's never heard before that I
guess super intriguing mmm so he'll just
stay in he'll listen so that's what he's
doing now oops pretty relaxed I just
have him chilling
he tends to turn to the left a lot so
I'm trying to make him use his right and
turn the other way so I have this light
to kind of catch his attention because
right now their vision is so bad they
can probably see like 15 inches away
from their face so I try to put a light
just so it kind of stimulates in and
catches the tension so that he can train
turning to the right but it's not really
working because he's trying to turn to
the left oh oh oh and I haven't changed
him into PJ's yet or swaddled him at all
because one I don't like swaddling him
unless he's going to sleep at night I
like him to learn his limbs and stuff
that's how you see that he's not wearing
mittens anymore I have filed down his
nail so he won't be scratching himself
and he's pretty been pretty good about
that hasn't scratched his own face but I
haven't seen him - peaches cuz I just
fed him not too long ago and I'm waiting
for him to poop she kinda works on a
really good schedule so I'm just waiting
for him to poop so I could change him
again like I must change his diapers
like three times every hour it seems
like it's fucking nuts so yeah we're
just on winding
he had tummy time earlier he was just on
his stomach and trying to just figure
all that out but it started stressing
him out a little too much so I didn't
want him to start crying
where is she super annoying for him I
let him like I let him like nag and
grunt and stuff for a little bit but as
soon as I started seeing tear drops I'm
like oh that's hurting you over so I'm
just letting him oh this is the
nightlight I was telling you about that
I saw at Babies R Us and look at the
ceiling little stars for him to stare at
see and he's into it which is odd
because he can only see 15 inches away
so maybe it's like blurry
lights yeah yeah so we're almost ready
to knock out whoa look at that
whoops
yeah man it's a frequent process to get
up here it takes me like an hour cuz I
have to get you know everything ready I
have to get bring you her medicine like
it's just it's a crazy process but we're
up here now waiting for dad to get home
so that we can all just knock out yeah
so guys I think as I'm putting him down
I need to put you guys down you guys so
much for watching and following my day
it's kind of um a little nutty in my
house now since I'm mom and a business
owner and and and a cast member it's
just a lot of things to juggle but it's
definitely well bless you but it's
definitely not impossible it's not easy
but it's not impossible and um I just
want to share with you guys and thank
you guys so much for watching and
hopefully this inspires you guys that
feel like my life is so crazy it's like
wow it's like it can always be crazier
you know so take it easy love your life
live your life be in the moment thank
you so much for watching good night good
morning good afternoon wherever you may
be and see you guys tomorrow bye bring a
butthole bye bye
