all right it's 7:50 a.m. just woke up
from like feels like a nap just because
that's just our life now with the boy
and I wake up to a lot of commotion and
I go over here
I sleep here I go over here and I'm like
I see taiko laying here his little feet
moving and he's like he's like half
naked and I'm like what the hell's going
on and then pablor tells me that he has
to give tyga a bath and 7:00 a.m. okay
we get cheeky party today why do you
gotta give spike that back so whilst GG
his diaper
he started peeing and he peed on his
face and it's not a woman that was back
I don't work I'll say this so I was just
like oh shit she's gonna be easier if I
just submerge a moment and get some soap
suds all over his balls asshole all
kinds of stuff and they just clean him
up like this and he also enjoys it and
I'm getting ready getting him ready for
eating and in addition to that I was
like damn you know you're living that
sad life when you're Ninja Turtles rope
is inside out because that that line
that you see there that's supposed to be
a shell that's on the inside it's a
puppet fucked up putting myself at this
big
my beautiful boy let me call my mom I
think she's there I think my mom just
got here so she can help us with the boy
that's him are you here of course you
want to come up you should see something
okay
yeah come up you're gonna laugh you only
have like two minutes to get up here
though I think I'm making a panic huh
it's just something funny happening I
want you to see you got a witness this
with your own eyes oh you you okay I saw
her all right come in here and you gotta
ask all the right questions okay so
there's no tight though here there's
like a little towel there go go watch
what's happening no go kono go home
witness it with your own eyes and ask
the questions why Emma that's the
questions this is actually ice cold
water I'm giving him his Chinese
training I'm like no tell her why at
7:00 in the morning we should be getting
ready to go to work he doing this was a
job interview thing I fell on the truth
tell her the truth I was changing his
diaper in the tepee non-space and this
is the best guy everyone's in his hair
and his back
yeah you see I told you just yeah why
are you wearing a robe okay I think I
just fucked up cuz I think I just got
very in trouble yeah I'm gonna get ready
now cuz I think my mom's like Oh what
are you doing that to my boy and here's
the peepee duck that doesn't have PB
duck anymore
hey little puck man oh shit that's cold
hot dad no I warmed up the lotion in my
hands lately and I think the house is
cold no but my hands are warm okay well
sorry I think I got you in trouble with
my mom
to be that way they're supposed to be
funny and then she started going in on
you know I was like yeah ma di mata you
know go against mom's paw bear what
watch his face
what the fuck what's wrong with you look
hurry up he's in a piss but he's gonna
pee on the big hurry up he's gonna peek
hurry up he's gonna pee you didn't
shower I know just hurry up what this is
on your side of it differently hurry up
you pay a lot of money to I'm it's on my
mom on you why is he laughing be like oh
yeah hurry uh gentle be gentle
Oh Oh God
tithe of future tyka if you live to see
this video I'm so proud of you I'm a
good daddy you're not a bad that you're
just a rough motherfucker rough I give
my freaking sports massage right now I'm
sorry my boy I'm so sorry
she's peeking at you like he's smiling
like a mofo no I don't see it look at
that looks like a frown I'll baby oh
okay great
all right well if you guys don't see
tight guy in these vlogs anymore you
know a popper I don't know
broke him or something no no he smells
delicious this is my favorite part right
here to smell let me smell it you say oh
my gosh looks like a rough get off of
them if you don't see him in these vlogs
you know what mama okay we'll get ready
but it's going to energy we haven't even
slept living is my boy quit monkeying
around okay monkeys be fun quit
monkeying around
yes I'm gonna relax this is nice and
warm
you want to put the half shirt since he
gets hot so much not fuck it all right
well I'm Aldo I looked up today that's
why I grabbed this it's 50 low 75
shudder my mouth yeah let's say it's
jakie news oh shit JK party dates and
I'm super excited cuz
pregnant anymore which means which means
yes I get to do this coffee but you guys
can't see and here it is good morning
good morning
welcome back Oh
oh cool thank you guys
we're gonna dance for me Gavi choy
Sean thank you nice
oh shit Michael i'ma drink some coffee
and get my energy back cuz Tai Chi is
killing me baby
Tai is killing me
Wow this is all rearranged for
yeah okay we're the first peoples here I
like this shut up
it's great this is great Juliet for
watching my vlogs which I know you are
good job this is great damn those kicks
though just kicks the hell yeah nobody's
that's me see
aren't you gonna slip of a just kidding
because I'm not used to it and I think I
feel okay right now so I'm probably
gonna bug my mom and ask her to send me
pictures of Tyga so that I can't do
anything I might even FaceTime her
because I just miss him so much I
haven't been away from him like this for
this young so I'm gonna hit her up my
mom don't you so well before I even
interrupt charity shoot he sent me a
picture look at this boy sign up right
up to you
right now outside let's see hello where
are you putting it to your ear where's
where's my boy I don't see him
I only see the top of his head but lower
lower lower tilt the phone down hi baby
there you go there he is there's the boy
hi baby I'm a boy oh he's about to cry
okay never mind how are you okay oh good
he's on the right he's on the correct
side okay we're about to eat lunch right
now okay I love you
okay stupid dogs I should have brought
the dogs with me okay I'll leave you
I'll leave you thank you love you
oh thank you bye you big cry-baby
yeah my baby yeah I see him I'm sorry hi
baby boy no okay bye oh wait I think she
left
yeah she's just great yeah come back no
I think she put the phone sorry my
mother my mother since I started
signaling I guess you'd been sending the
baby I'm sorry
happy birthday
it's ice-cream cake
I wish I could bring the boy and then he
just running around maybe I just got
home and we're gonna check up on this
little guy he dad where oh no your
little peepee do you want daddy to pee
on the wall too so we can match okay
we'll get out the pee on the water match
then your bikini but I did see something
out the door on the way in and it's mom
a bit noisy it is mama bears birthday
present mama did you peep did you see
what I got you for your birthday what
does that mean it could mean a lot of
things it could be going hay fat choy it
could mean Chinese New Year fine can you
open your present
so mama is a baller and she could buy
anything that she wants so I'd really
know what to get her but I have been
noticing a few things so I decided to
get my purse of stuff
okay we're already doing good you know
my sizes
hopefully I guessed it good I don't even
know my size for this yeah you bought a
lot yep so I know those are pants open
them don't so I know you like crazy
patterns because a lot of your pants are
crazy noise get a lot of good
compliments on them so I saw these ones
and although these look pretty dope and
I thought I look really good in them
they don't fade he could always exchange
me but I thought you would like a
pattern thank you
do a good job fun he's a great job she
said you did a great job
yeah so these days ever since you gave
birth you're a hot superpowers went away
and I've been hearing me say how cold it
is nice although I gotta get I gotta get
my bear something to keep her warm it's
warm but it's still lightweight so
there's like a mini like bubble jacket
so it keeps your body warm but it's not
like all cumbersome like a thick full-on
North Face like snow trekker you put it
on see if it fits
what's going on over there
the hands feel good within this pool
it's sure is it it's supposed to be kind
of like that where it's like you know
for girls they like to have the arms all
long and stuff yeah if it doesn't fit
maybe you could get different size or
maybe you'll shrink into it I don't know
but does it look it looks nice on you
though it looks cute really yeah because
once oh yeah it looks perfect on you
actually it's just that you have still
some of the pregnancy stuff but once
that goes away to look really good on
you
since you're tall since you're Todd
makes it look really nice Oh
freakin Pacino does it mean little is it
puddi has a little thumb loops do in
case you get event you get one size
bigger messed up oh maybe you need to
get an eight I don't know they have
Lululemon has their own sizing it's not
it's like four six eight ten twelve
looks good on YouTube maybe we should
just go there and get a slightly bigger
size then oh we've gone the weekend but
it fits pretty good I don't know maybe
one or two sizes bigger but I am 20
pounds over my normal weight so maybe I
shrink into
I do it but I would like this to be a
little bit bigger but I do like the cuts
you got the eye of the tiger for sure
thank you
ah this is already an outfit Michael
Moore that green thing at the panel dope
happy birthday that's very thoughtful
the account imagine you being on the
site and kind of looking through my
stuff I have to do that I had to do that
that's really daunting I appreciate the
time and effort that went into picking
all this is really cute and a time it
out to make sure it comes on your
birthday which time this is the best
time
did you see all the poses de mama call
this one no we don't return this whoa
whoa whoa whoa and like this folks we
are ready to go to bed type is a bit
fussy because he's trying to go to sleep
and there are too many visitors and he
can't go to sleep but I had a beautiful
day a beautiful birthday this is by far
the most unique and most of filling
birthday that I've ever had simply for
the sake of my boy and my handsome
husband that made it really really
really really awesome so guys thank you
so much for watching and see you guys
tomorrow
