good morning guys I had a really really
good time dancing with Tiger this
morning and I just found something out
so I've been playing all kinds of music
just to see what kind of reactions he
has and I've been playing some classical
because I found out classical helps make
the baby's brain smarter and I actually
found why now because you always hear
that right yeah classical is good for
kids and then I found out why and it's
because unlike the regular pop music
which is 4/4 time I've one two three
four two two three four
they have really crazy time signatures
like once you want to do what's one two
three so there's multiple complex
melodies that's going on so they develop
spatial awareness through just music and
this guy actually developed his own
taste in music already and I was playing
classical and he doesn't like Beethoven
but he really likes Mozart so we were
dancing to Mozart all morning and he was
having a soup or a good time at least it
looked like it was a good time was a
good time mister yeah you liked it
mom bear bought her bought him this
little caterpillar toy okay here back to
you he's been getting a little bit of
pimples and he's not going through
puberty I looked it up online it's
actually very normal so uh babies can
get pimples or acne through either
maternal hormones because the moms have
a ton of hormones when they're in the
womb and when they come out that's when
it comes out I mean when the baby comes
out when the pimples come out and
sometimes also they just get it from the
new environments there's a million
reasons but it's very normal and it can
exist for a couple of weeks I gave him a
bath the other day and they already went
away like by a lot but you can't really
give them too many baths did you like
Mozart mister what do you like about
Mozart oh really is that why you like
piano oh you do like piano
that's awesome you like Michael Jackson
oh you do okay that's good yeah that an
awesome morning bonding with them
dancing with them making funny home
videos what the meanwhile brig is just
showing me her butthole which is awesome
Thank You Brit for showing me your
butthole once again
madres over there organizing like always
and I gotta get ready for work pretty
soon right now it's 10:50 I have a
meeting today at the office we're
bringing the film writing process back
over there now
and that's the only commitment out there
which is awesome so I was able to spend
all morning with Tyga and then I have to
write for about 4 to 5 hours I get to
spend most of the evening with mr. me
time to change this little man's diaper
hey tiger
he always lets me know when his diaper
needs to be changed he goes makes these
little noise call kills little fingers
are oh so cuny you know Joe is really
surprised at how light-skinned he is
because I'm dark as a motherfucker
and what jail is pretty light skinned
but I'm actually really light skinned I
just spend a lot of time in the Sun so
this is flashlight right and everything
so I can't really show you my butt crack
but this is my hand and then this is my
my leg so there's like a huge difference
so I am pretty lights again I just
really like to be in the Sun all the
time so moist kinda have a tan this
diaper is awesome this new technology
because back in the day you would have
to go smell it like crazy and go old
shoot to know if it was if that you got
changed diaper but nowadays you could
see that there's slightly Dookie in
there and then this blue line used to be
yellow so as soon as it gets wet it
turns blue so now we don't have to hold
our face there and I could just open
this take all the Dookie off and put in
a new diaper
and this guy is so big now he can't even
wear newborns I think we give them like
six months to one year ones but also
it's like really tight and his laser
lock down it's really uncomfortable for
him so we try not to do that a little
fee a little cutie
such a good boy tyka did you know that
you know where we will eat good boy and
then now you have this warmer so it
keeps all the all the wipes can't even
open this keeps all his wipe warm we
bought like a couple expensive named
brown ones and it kind of stuff getting
keep it that warm did some random
Chinese burn for 20 bucks is hella warm
so this works really good keeps a little
spray bottle nice and warm too they keep
it off behind clean ready for your
diaper change mister yeah I want Dan
some more okay we walk that didn't what
today hey alright so I'm super excited
because we got something from the Social
Security Administration and for those of
you that aren't from the US Social
Security basically says that you are
identified as a person in this country
so with this new boat guy what's up
buddy
oh did he just wink yes actually exists
in the US now if you got a Social
Security card that says oh my god
davyous Quan that's awesome I'll sign it
so we got to work on your signature
buddy your legit now mr. violation
you're not illegal like half of Jill's
family what the hell you weren't even
born in this country
hey bomb legal and I suck I served the
country yeah and I'm a citizen you
didn't serve shit yes I did we're in
cute to serve and no I was I was a
citizen I was a citizen before I was
even one years old so what I'm still can
I'm contributing to this population you
haven't done anything what do you mean I
was in the Marine Corps for six years
homeboy alien using up all my resources
your resources I was born here I was
born somewhere else so what's the point
he's enough our air but you but you're
the hood has made to me yeah you have my
last name you freaking alien lover
easily alien alien body well at least
you're illegal yeah my baby well I
couldn't grab the finger it's okay he's
grabbing his own finger there you go
cutie pie cute guy a little feet moving
around you like this music MA Tyco
really likes it
what do you got in that big old bag got
some good stuff in there what do you
looking for it what are you kidding me
MA for some reason
Gio's mom is so camera shy she always
she doesn't know I'm taking pictures so
I'm taking pictures with this camera I
just like talking I just like talking
into I just like talking into the camera
because I'm crazy
there's a reason to do filming I'm not
slumming anything yes
looking at my nice first foot for it to
be a actually a nice bag yeah thanks
this is a nice bag this is what a
jailbot huh it's a nice bag looks really
good on you oh yeah and the dam all
fucked up Sam's log hey all of your toys
are paid for grandma's got you baby yeah
they're all singles I should call that
why is it called the Irish roll oh
really you don't know why that's so
racist coming from an illegal alien
okay it's a pastry he wants to fucking
freefall yeah he loves music oh you
don't want to be here oh you got jokes
not yeah where there's girls back there
yeah
oh I see him cuz I give him food I know
I'm a horrible person
why do you give him food let me turn
this filter thing I can see him there
boom
oh it's through a screen door but that
little thing right there squirrel
I can't cuz it's the screen door I have
to look through here okay let's see yep
right there
hello guy but the squirrels always come
visit all the time
what's hilarious what look his wardrobe
he's in his fuckin underwear no shame
you don't care if anyone else is here
for us you just throw in your underwear
here
you're staring that grandma really liked
the music this morning haha thank you oh
he's tired he's tired from keeping us
awake on that's why little troublemaker
monkey he looks so comfortable I'll pick
you up like that yeah don't do it how
about you hold him and then I'll hold
you oh one of us is gonna die no none of
us gonna die you down
I am sweating balls I know man I got the
AC on full blast I had a really quick 10
minute workout now more than ever I
realized that my time is extremely
valuable so anytime that I can have I'm
trying to take advantage of it so I
finished my breakfast drink someone like
coffee answer some emails and grandma
came over is taken care of Tyco and I
had about 10 minutes to spare and I was
like what can I do in this ten minutes
and I was like hey you know what why
don't I get a head start my oh shit
the back door of my fucking truck lift
it open hold on a second I see that back
there those are all the totes for a
movie now not in the middle of the
street fucking by naked damn all right
close dude oh shit this thing ain't
closing that's not good I'm gonna have
to bungee cord this thing let me see I
think I do have a spare bungee cord hold
up hold up technical difficulties yep
always got to keep some bungee cord in
the truck if you got a truck always keep
some bungee cord or a little things
those things called tie-downs
I used to have those the ratchet said to
those cheeks let me uh gotta set this
camera down boom taking care of there
Steen going anywhere oh it did go
somewhere well hopefully awesome that's
good no cars awesome town across the
road all right so what I'm saying is so
I realized I only had ten minutes to
myself and I'm gonna what can I do in
ten minutes and I got hella creative
there's no seat belt on because now time
as a commodity now
so I went into the garage not decided to
do a kicking workout and pretty much
what I did was 20 kicks on the right 20
kicks on the left in under a minute rest
one minute and repeat so I pretty much
did five rounds that means five rounds
of kicking and five rounds of rest not
one minute so in ten minutes I was able
to throw 100 right kicks and a hundred
left kicks and I was a really good
workout I was being really efficient
with my time I'm still sweating after I
took a shower so then I'm getting better
at this daddy thing and I'm really happy
that before I think you know what the
extra ten minutes I probably would have
just chilled or something but now since
I'm a daddy and time very rare more than
ever I got to take advantage of it
so I'll see you guys at the office I
have no idea when I ordered these drums
but they are still not set up yet I
think I ordered it maybe even a few
months ago well I have are these parts
still I don't know I gotta figure out of
time but now also got a kid just less
and less free time you know like the way
of what I realized in life is with Jay
King news JK party and JK film and even
the vlogs and during the start of those
things you feel like you're not doing
enough so you do so much right and do so
much to the point I mean you do so much
because the thing that you really want
to do there hasn't really been any start
of that yet so for example didn't really
want to do is make a movie and because
we haven't been in the talks you don't
have a script we can really start on
that yet so we end up occupying our time
doing other things and which is good if
you look at the micro perspective we're
very productive you know we're not just
laying around being lazy we're you know
doing Genki parties you can do this vlog
all kinds of other stuff but then those
things turn into machines like the
people that me and Joe are we like to
build right so those things turn into
machines and on JK party Jamie it's a
huge machine to the point where our bat
takes up our time and we can't really do
the other things that we like like even
have spare time to do my childhood hobby
of setting up drums and I paid like 1500
for this
I'm gonna dissect this about in the year
that's my goal just finished our film
meeting what can you tell our audience
about the progress of the film that we
move very slow if you guys didn't
realize that already but we are very
close to finishing the outline and we've
just submitted our pitch slash treatment
thing to a studio that we have been in
contact with and yeah so things are
moving forward yeah are you excited yeah
very excited how excited are you if if
you had to let's say to make this film
you had to give up one of your testicles
to fund it would you do it yeah oh yeah
you're gonna be lopsided when you're
walking well I'll just have to work out
one leg or the other and balance it out
how how good do you feel if there was a
rotten tomatoes on the story and the
outline what do you think it's rated so
far fuck so it's not a film yet so you
can't have just for the writing prompt
yeah
in your opinion versus all the other
things you've ever seen and Casey is a
director by the way am I being humble
about it or my being like like the way I
feel about you okay so let's say there's
Casey the humble guy and let's say
there's case patrol the real me would
probably give it an 85
why because I I have to take everything
a consideration yeah okay can I like say
certain things
moving or should I keep it like just say
fuck it okay one our movies based off of
its very simple idea which was to make a
martial arts movie that didn't involve
the martial artists fighting to the
death
yeah or a really large emphasis on
fighting yeah is that that's that's
something that all martial martial arts
movies do but in real life I and I've
been I'm quote-unquote martial artist
myself I took in martial arts for 10
years of my life and never once I've
ever needed to really defend myself the
way that martial arts does it in the
movies yeah so I'm like I can't relate
to that and I'm thinking wow how can no
one has ever made a relatable martial
arts movie yeah you know and Crotty kid
might be the closest thing to that yeah
but I want to do one better than that
and so the idea came from the idea of
making a layman's version of martial
arts movies and that I'm very proud of
that we were actually able to carve out
a storyline that catered to that very
simple premise yes and then too and
these are some additions that we
actually recently added but like the way
it's structured the way weaves in and
out of conflict between the characters
and the closing and opening elements of
it I'm thinking I haven't seen a movie
dude done this you know I got especially
a comedy cuz comedies at the end of the
day or they're very simplistic in terms
of the read joke driven to it's very
joke tree as they are story wise and
character building wise it's very simple
yeah and so I think for us we were
really walking the fine line between
whether it could be a comedy or drama or
like more of an action based kind of
thing so it's we're weaving in between
different genres really well on paper
yeah I'm favors so I don't know how the
filming process is gonna go and that's
that's still to be seen but based on
what we have on paper I feel like we
have a really cool interesting concept I
yeah and movie and story everything book
yeah that's awesome
I actually can't wait to show you guys
but with the moviemaking process there's
still so many things you have to do we
just sent the pitch if they approve it
then we have to work on the full like
3040 page treatment which we have a lot
of notes for ready then we script it and
then we get it produced and then me
until got to start training into acting
and that and the martial arts and all
that and then we film it and then we
edit it and then we find places to
either play it and the theatre
distributed it's gonna take a long time
oh yeah it's like starting a business
like we have it is this like we're
planning a business if this is a
restaurant concept and we're still in
the concept phases we can't decide on
the menu right now you know very much
what it's this is like yeah we can
decide on the story so that we're
switching things in and out trying to
figure out the best possible combination
so I think we got yeah take a while
here's the ending I'll actually throw
the other side too bad I was gonna go
here's anything check it out but no
there's nothing so you guys have to wait
like a year or something huh meetings
over driving back home now and it's so
weird just being in the office all
enclosed with the a/c feels really
sterling there but being able to drive
with the windows down and even
polluted la air it just feels really
good you may get to catch eclipses of
the Sun set I mean there's no real
sunset but I know it's sunset time and
it just feels really refreshing
sometimes I just like driving home after
work because especially right now maybe
like our brain is so
like this all brain fucked we just been
in such a creative zone it's like
imagine like jamming out for five hours
straight trying to come up with new
chords over and over and over but my
brain is so exhausted that I don't even
listen to music sometimes I actually
have my my thing on mute so that I could
just enjoy the outside not even listen
to art just look at real life real
people enjoy the one and it feels pretty
nice mr. Tonko it's sleeping so
peacefully right now he throws up for
the bhavas yeah wearing makeup and I
straighten my hair that's the one right
thigh you're extra beautiful today you
did is the beautiful my cuz I'm wearing
makeup
yeah of course
well you always look beautiful we look
extra beautiful you look extra crispy
but hyper but look at a prototype what
inspired you to get the copy all the
time okay thanks
where's know your mom right there
tonight guys
