good morning kids good morning father
good morning me love oh nice morning
stretch good kids good it's good morning
guys it's 6:30 in the morning right now
um I just put acted a bit so he woke up
at about 5:45 and he was hungry so I fed
him and then after I fed him
it's 6:30 now and I had a chance to go
back to bed but since my first means at
8:00
I could have stepped in extra 30 minutes
of he's done and she's dead and she's
also dead um I could have slept to extra
30 minutes but I think that would have
just made me more drowsy if I went back
to sleep so that you know what I'll just
take this time now - did you stay up 30
minutes early or extra and then get some
work done on emails and stuff and kind
of get a jump start on the day
and I actually been like and waking up
at 5:00 or 6:00 I'm feeding tank up
because it kind of helps me get up but
you have to spend a good 30 minutes
feeding them changing diapers sometimes
even an hour and so by that time when
you put him to bed and he's ready to
sleep you're already like wide-awake
should have been doing so much so today
is one of those days and I got pretty
action panicky today today not only do I
have my first meeting at 8:00 which is
on the feature film then later I'm
meeting up with MIDI man Evan to shoot a
bunch of photos for the entire new
barbell Brigade launch the rebirth
collection and then we're also going to
visit the fulfillment center because
we're after film a CEOs corner there to
talk about how orders go out and how
everything is shipped and stuff like
that and then
well I might also train today I'd have
to go back to the office and do a bunch
of stuff so this whole day what you're
really in a messy item which is really
cool I'm excited about is you're gonna
see me after now because I'm not gonna
take a shot I don't want to wake up the
family but you never see me where the
entire new bar abrogate collection
available October 4th certainly see me
wear that throughout the whole day and
at the end of it every nadir undercuts
it you had a really cool video of just a
video only pretty much like a montage
with the cool visuals and audio and I'll
probably upload that the next day so you
could see a more cooler version of
without me talking all boring and all
that stuff so that's really dope and
then there's going to be a ton of photos
that come up and you guys are gonna see
some behind the scenes of CEOs corner on
the part of our gated channel so and and
I haven't been to the fulfillment center
because that's not even my job
Aaron Emery they usually take care all
that stuff so this will be my first time
and read those would be my first time
going there so pretty excited itself a
half further over my face Ben head
thanks because nice to dress put on this
hoodie one last time to do a shoot or a
meatloaf and now there's all this fur
all over it that then you come off yet
and I didn't even know so it's all up on
the inside like yeah I didn't wash it
but I guess I didn't flip it inside out
so I couldn't really wash it off and so
when I put it on at first this morning
like I'm half crowd yells like well he's
spider webs like what the hell is going
on and I was like is this Gio's hair and
she wet at first and I kept going like
this after what like it's like the
thousand times I was like do is I took
it off when I see a horse a dog here on
it all right well I gotta wear another
sweater so willing grab a protein shake
yet lately we organized the fridge the
other day it looks pretty dope as all
the root beers coke sprites soda nothing
else is good and I only drink this
occasionally this is my real shit I also
have my stocked up on my protein so I'm
gonna be on the type of hose I'm not
gonna mess around what am i doing I need
two proteins I'm not gonna mess around
I gotta get lean be a sexy strong dad
make type of powder all right I'm gonna
get on the go see guys later I cannot
believe this happened the other day and
I feel so bad because these are my brand
brand new wheels look oh my god I fucked
up so I was making a right turn and I
just wasn't paying attention there's I'm
the only one to blame and I cut it too
close and I scraped the curb and I have
curb rash that's what supposed to look
like I have this oh so I gotta try to
get it repaired cuz it looks ugly it
feels so bad like these rims are so
fucking dope but I messed up you gotta
be careful guys
I'd be careful ok now you really see how
much dog hairs on Lucas the entire
sweater had dog hair on it I thought it
was just a hood it's the complete inside
no wonder bitching all over what the
fuck I'm go back inside and change
search this is ridiculous
I look like I've been resting with the
doll all day here's a new change to the
office they just painted it this week
see that crazy yellow it's cool so what
we're trying to do is brighten this
place up you know how I was talking
about how like we're a comedy company
but our place looks more badass and cool
than it does creative and like
light-hearted so we wanted to brighten
it up and we hired a interior designer
and she's been helping us out and shout
outs to URI tak she's the one that's
been helping designed this place so this
is just like one of the first steps but
I really think it brings in a lot of
personality already this
just a base layer later on we're gonna
put art on the walls dress up the fact
that to move the samurai over here just
to paint this part so this is one cool
change I think it looks pretty cool it
completely changes the feeling just with
a little bit of yellow already Casey can
you tell me about the movie and the
progress of how you feel about it my job
tell me what how do you so we just
finished our bell meeting and we're
always feeling good about it every
single step of the way now and we're now
looking into like shopping for like a
distribution and stuff like that's
another kind of the business end but on
the artist and how do you feel about
where the movies at and how do you feel
about the future the success of it well
of course I'm gonna say I'm fucking
happy as hell about this because when we
first started I think a lot of the gray
area like oh should we do what's popular
should we do what the production company
wants all those things were kind of
flooding our minds and you know this is
our first film so we didn't know what
was the right thing to do
but we all kind of came to this
conclusion like what's the big deal it's
deuce let's do a concept that we love
like who cares if martial arts is you
know been done like a Western who cares
if like Asian characters might not be
the most mainstream thing to do yeah
hairs like let's just do something that
we want first and build a story around
it and I'm so happy that we did that
instead of doing something like well
this isn't gonna work because it's not
popular to do this or whatever it took
us a long time because I think a lot of
the movies in the past sometimes it will
leak in like oh is it the most popular
thing to do right now to do something
like this or whatever enjoy it clouded
our judgment but I think now I'm really
high
be about this because it feels 100%
genuine and I can't wait to get it out
yeah
this movie is like if you guys like kung
fu I feel like this is ten million times
better and more beefier than gum foo and
what we worked on today specifically I
can't show you to close but these are
just some of the fighters that might
show up like a MMA guy a boxing guy
karate guy over there BJJ wing child ki
said too much alright see you guys later
driving home from the meeting now I'm
gonna meet up with Edmond and a team to
start filming me where all the pieces in
the barbel Brigade rebirth collection
and I was just listening to Jamie Foxx
and Joe Rogan on the podcast and there's
a lot of truth like one of the biggest
points that I really liked was Jamie
Foxx was talking about how because of
social media a lot of people's artistry
are being tucked in now and what he was
saying is like a lot of the greatest
artists they they're artists great
because they start off as crazy people
like you have to be you have to think
outside of the box in order to create
outside of the box apart right and so
the stuff that people like Elvis Presley
Jimi Hendrix or even the stuff that
people did in the 80s and 90s like Joe
Rogan like the type of lives that they
led because there weren't any one to
kind of like scrutinize them they were
allowed to be who they are like Mike
Tyson for example he was crazy like he
would just go to the club and buy girls
cars but now anyone that does that it
would become like this viral sensation
and get scrutinized and and because of
that now people are being boxed in and
when people are being boxed and the only
people that are really gonna be
successful are box and type people which
means the heart will be reflective of
that and the art won't be very good you
need a crazy motherfucker like like
Bobby Lee who's just a crazy person he's
gonna create great art because his
brainwaves are firing above a normal
person
and that's when we need to create better
art and so what we need to do at social
media and everyone that's online is to
just be more forgiving of what people
are doing let and know that everyone's
entertainer and I'm gonna do that's a
really really dope point because he was
saying like even someone like toward him
like anyone 18 and over he is the
greatest basketball player to ever live
but to anyone 18 and under
he is the cry face he's a crying face
man you know and that's how he's been
boxed in so it's very very insightful
look it's the happy puppies damn it
meelo in my wake away no I'm not
recording how does it feel to have a
asian grandson yeah does it do you feel
special did you ever think when you were
15 years old you're gonna have an Asian
grandson dare you are that kind of a
chola you're a while you were a while
you just smell his hair we gave him a
bath yesterday really smells Kimmy no
but getting work done mama
Ricky stared out the squirrel outside
all right I'm gonna heat up some lunch
and then I'll get ready for Evan Adeem
to come cool Evan brought over the new
collection what he did the other way
take it back out
god no put her over here god damn it
so what happened was he was taking stuff
out and I didn't pull out the camera in
time so I told my kids I could take it
back out and now I was thinking all the
way about are you gonna drive home come
over here
god damn it what are you having today
they're so healthy
mmm fresh oranges Christmas juice let's
look at the collection no I don't even
have it yet to be honest this is like
fresh off girlfriend oh cool this is a
pink long-sleeve what's next you'll see
me with this one shirt and then the gray
version of the shirt and then the white
long sleep oh I like this one a lot oh
the hoodie I like this a lot too oh I
like this whole lot too I like
everything you know all the Dinos but
why why don't you get more stuff cuz
baby you know how much they're
forgetting we're getting a ton of stuff
you lucky person like you just finished
shooting the first portion I'm wearing
this Seraph hoodie right now and I'm
wearing it with camo pants have a black
didn't you open the door for me I don't
have your hands please and now I'm
bringing the rest of the clothes as but
as well as a change of pants to uh to
our next location
oh yeah can you grab my phone the next
location is oh okay you know yeah
and then the next location is fulfill my
right yeah okay do you have anything no
that's all downstairs
what are you shooting a football
we're done with the upstairs part my
bear my bear for don't that's just part
by mr. tiger looks happy bye cutie he
liberated he looks more like you every
day I'm trying not to bring too many
pairs of shoes because already have my
hands full so I'm gonna bring these guys
the nmds I think imma bring the
infrareds I need just one more pair of
shoe for variety what should be should
the necklace would be maybe the next
shoe should be something simple though
these two pretty colorful I do something
more neutral I guess neutral between
these lion ones but not bringing these I
break these all in one day try a neutral
look at yep that works you know it's
pretty funny I'm about to trade a shirt
that I already have on for the exact
same shirt except the one that I have on
is washed already and this one's brand
new so it's gonna look wait whisper and
it has it shrunk yet and since I'm in
between sizes between a large and an XL
brand new largest fit me the best and
then washed excels fit me the best but
what I have on is a washed large so it's
a little bit more snug and I might
change before we go into the fulfillment
center because we're gonna film a
barbell Brigade CEOs corner in there so
I'm at our fulfillment center and this
is where we store all of our inventory
and where we ship everything out of and
it's this entire row so any one of these
boxes that I pull out like for example
this is our yellow on a blue logo shirt
that's the old logo we have same thing
here just a different size triple XL we
got the foundry of white we have the
white on the gray so we just have an
entire stock of things on this entire
row we got the black on the green logo
we have
ton of stuff so just checking up to make
sure everything is in stock in place you
have a couple of these that we still
gotta send out but just pretty much
checking up on everything because what
we are trying to do it every single
launch is to streamline it to the point
where there's less and less problems and
we're trying to knock everything down
from like 48-hour troubleshooting to 24
hour to 12 hour and customer service
getting better and better and better so
just check enough to see where our
rebrand stuff is I mean our rebirth
launch if everything is squared away
like it's supposed to so that when
October 4th at 7 a.m. Pacific Standard
Time hits everything is running smoothly
and everyone can get their order as soon
as fast as possible since I'm Asian I
had to stop by for a mandatory drink and
vulva break
and we stumbled on this place called
twinkle brown sugar it's a little Tokyo
I had like 900 reviews all like four or
four and half stars and I asked them
what their top drinking is they said
that brown sugar milk tea that's what I
ordered I'm really
moment of truth
I had a grass jelly in mine and vulva
we good
thank you for the recommendation it's
good so I just got to the gym and this
is the part where in the cool visual
video you're not gonna see me change but
because this is the behind the scenes
I'm gonna change right here and then
Evans gonna get me getting out of the
car oh cool guy like like you see all
the other Fitness people do it getting
out of the car and all of a sudden
magically the clothes change but so I
think the next shirt I'm wearing is the
white long-sleeve and what pants should
I go with that which pants do you think
I should go wear what they I have the
torn jeans I have like a rust orange one
and like the green pants
and you should keep the same shoes on I
wanted to use the restaurant for the
black sweater keys go no man see ya you
see the
wait what oh shit Wow oh fuck sigh
let me see there's other pants off blue
to a Bluegreen blue ones I'm aware of
the blue ones and then what shoes should
I wear I wear these
maybe I'll wear those how does the shirt
look good let me see you could turn
around it looks all it's the white one
you're just everything's white hold on
yeah Salamanca if you're watching
fixture I saw hey guys
yeah can you just sit on top of the car
and cry will clickbait the picture like
I'm selling my car getting rid of the
car
deulim look like more sad
let's throw up like you're throwing up
you asking me the photo
pretty original Thursday at the gym now
I'm supposed to walk around a pretend
like I'm inspecting stuff
they're gonna get b-roll and photos of
me like looking at that over there to
look professional this is how photo
shoot is it's all it's just a model
pretending like they're doing something
like looking into the Sun and then they
take a picture and for some reason it
looks cool I don't know if I'm doing it
right but it looks cool when the models
there or if the models are like
someone
pictures a video of me I'll turn into
something go not like misty so for the
next shot
I'm supposed to look like I'm working at
the gym but since I am not involved in
the gym that much anymore Gio runs the
gym now I don't know what to do so I'm
just going to pretend like I am but
Aventine will make me look really cool
now I'm wearing the pink Sara long sleep
and we're at the car wash
this is awesome cuz
car was dirty like they needed to get
washed and now we could double it for
the
for a ram
I escaped the curb
I know but still hurts my feelings
I like the little details on this shirt
that's a little BB and reflective
I always love it when the car is freshly
washed down the things gleaming and the
calipers are popping out all yellow
looking dope but close this door real
quick Dan this thing looks tight I love
the way it looks it's all shiny look at
that shiny ass paint the way it's
supposed to be hopefully there's no rain
this week I have the worst always
getting the car wash and then it rains
like two days after Mike son of a bitch
time to buy some meat Oh
time to buy some meat so I can change
the next outfit just picked up some meat
as well as in spinach for a grilling
scene and I picked New York strip steak
just because it's right in between
ribeye and certainly one in terms of
fattiness but I don't really like
sirloin there's no faster there's not
that much flavor and ribeye although I
love it to death I am trying to be clean
so for this next meal even though for
the scene that's for the scene
I'm gonna cut carbs out and no rice I'm
gonna eat the spinach and I'm gonna eat
the steak and this one is with the
bone-in and it's a thick cut so it'll be
pretty juicy so although it is Lina
it'll be pretty damn juicy I'm pretty
happy just got home freaking sweaty as
hell every time I change clothes over
and over always get really hot so I'm
bring the clothes upstairs the stuff
that I don't need so it could be out of
the shot I'm putting these guys away I'm
so excited to finally get these a lot of
the times people think that since I own
the company I get things super early I
do get it earlier than a lot of people
but it's only because I'm shooting with
it like for today because I'm shooting
with this I already put my sweat on it I
keep it but I don't get being as like
hella hella early because I think we
spend
I guess business owners you're you're
trying to like push the business forward
and that's the goal and the goal isn't
to have like the coolest clothes all the
time so I'm just really happy I finally
got the collection after planning the
collection for I feel like three months
so happy that's so dope this came out
really good I haven't cooked in New York
State in a long time when it came out
really juicy really peppery and there's
a lot of like smokiness from the grill
I'm pretty happy and this might just be
my new go-to like
I guess cheap meat because I can't
really do sirloin and I love ribeye but
I can't probably have rib eye until I'm
180 something so I'll just go with this
for now
now it's time for me to wear this like
blue shirt and after whisper cuz uh Tek
da sleepin therefore light blue shirt
I'm gonna be walking the dogs so it's
kind of like coming to the end of of my
day and then finally I'm Oprah wearing
the rebirth hoodie holding mr. babies
icon that would have been the entire
collection let's see how this detective
doing right now
now walking these guys in the blue shirt
and these guys are soul alert because
these dogs are walking by across the
street over there
and they're never going up so they're
still super alert and focused on those
guys even founds other ears standing up
little cuties
I love Meat Loaf's back he looks so cute
looks a little statue a little tail
almost healing frickin thick guy guys so
big
Melo's taller than evan standing up or
sitting down cute boy sleepy most hard
core pieces
watching him watch films me and that's
it that's pretty much every single
outfit for the day the entire autumn
weather 2017 rebirth collection and it
was the funny kind of behind the scenes
version of it and tomorrow we're not
tomorrow but don't see the more cool
stuff so on this whole collection drops
October 4th at 7 a.m. Pacific Standard
Time and make sure you go there because
the last couple of more of this year
everything was blowing out like crazy so
if you want to get yours make sure that
you're there October 4th 7 a.m. Pacific
Standard Time if we all sell out we are
gonna restock but it takes of minutes so
cool see you guys next time peace
