good morning guys so today is Bart's
official day back at work it's been
three weeks and yeah it's just type in
myself now I don't go back for another
week and a half almost two weeks um but
I'm home the boy I'm doing some more
before the boy really wakes up but this
guy's about to start waking up he's in a
swaddle right now I only try to swaddle
him at night for the remainder of the
day I try to keep him free and wild so
he can understand his limbs but as I'm
sitting I'm gonna try to get some work
done if I could laughing there is freaky
a squirrel outside of my house waiting
for something and that's not a fake
squirrel all right this guy's real you
see him move what does he want just
sitting here like spying on us I try to
show you a better angle
we what do you want dude what do you
want it's like a cute really but it's
kind of freaky went like I pulled that
and that's all I see I just look out the
window and there's like this fur guy
looking at me
okay and I'm kind of at fault I know a
lot of my animal lover friends out there
are gonna hate me for this but I've
always liked Snow White and I've always
wanted a house where there's a bunch of
birds and squirrels and raccoons and
stuff again I'm fucking referencing Snow
White so know that my thinking is
already illogical as fuck and I'm stupid
so I had extra rat food right here and
they put some of it outside so that I
could get some squirrels and it worked
and I know it's really bad because then
they're gonna get fucking codependent on
me and then they're not gonna know how
to survive on their own I get it I know
I suck I only did it one time I think I
might only do it until this bag is over
I know I know I'm a horrible fucking
person and I'm selfish and all I want to
do is look at shit right outside my door
but I don't want this food to go to
waste
and then what squirrels outside of my
window the struggles of a fucking loser
that's me liaison gentlemen a loser I
think I'm gonna do it alright I'll try
to do it let's see what happens don't
hate on me y'all my scroll buddy there
yep still there
no you guys can't go outside because
you're the last thing they need
oh my squirrel buddy left alright well
I'll do it up here again so where's my
oh fuck they cleared it all up I had
that here last time all right so I'm
here I'm gonna put it god I should have
worn shoes put it your all fuck fucked
up
all right well I think that's enough all
right let's see who shows up see who
shows up really Wow I damn it
should I put some shoes on and then I'll
show you guys I know guys I'm a horrible
person but I don't want the food to go
to waste
trust me everyone benefits I'm going to
cut but I'll show you if there's anyone
that shows up all right I want to share
something with you guys that um I think
is really cool two things actually the
first one is this bottle right here is a
really fucking cool oh my God look at
that face
oh and that guy over there's nothing
else it's into noise alright so this
swaddles really cool because when you
swaddle the baby it's because their
limbs and whatnot they don't have
control over them so they get all jacked
up right so they could be sleeping and
then their arm
he's like decided to move now so does
this and it goes it shoots out and for
them they're like what the fuck happened
and it wakes them up but this bottle is
really cool
oh he just farted but this model is
really cool cuz it's a Velcro you don't
have to do this crazy origami shit on
your kid all the time well you have the
crusties mouth ever boy that's breast
milk if you're wondering that's pretty
nasty but so you swaddle them and it's
really cool oh he's excited you're
getting up but you just put them in this
pocket and then you just Falco all their
asses up and it's the coolest shit ever
because it's so convenient look at that
oh that feels good huh oh that's
delicious yeah so that's really cool
that's the first one and now the second
one that's really really cool is so you
constantly have to change your diapers
cuz they're pooping in there painting
like all the time you don't want to let
them stew in their own piss and poo cuz
then then they can get a rash so I found
this
when you called magnetic mean it's
really really cool if you're watching
hook me up but anyway not sponsored I
promise and it's all magnetic so it's
really cool because you're constantly
opening and working on all these buttons
if you can see here all he has are
buttons and those buttons really fucking
stuff but this is really cool because
it's all magnets and then as soon as
magnets connect oh he farted again it
closes immediately here click I think
that's really cool but I have to cut
this vol cuz this guy is hungry right
dude that was another far fuck you guys
damn you are gassy my friend
alright let me feed this dude cuz that
sucks he's hungry am I gonna have him
hold that on food alright I've been in
meetings but I have had a lot of
customers come through for those snacks
I put out earlier and I had two
squirrels but I couldn't record it but I
think they're back because someone is on
high alert there's a screen door so
she's not gonna run out but oh there it
is I think they're doing a standoff see
her for him right up there above my
finger you gotta leave her alone I'm
gonna close this door so they can eat
comfortably
okay go eat little squirrel go eat the
food is right there on that I don't know
down that level mm-hmm like you guys are
not trying to let it happen huh funny
boy there's actually two of them they're
so cute
this whole vlog is about just stupid
squirrels but look you see them there's
one there one right above so there's two
of them the same ones ah buddy Oh buddy
go run buddy eat it cuties Greg is not
about to let him haul brakes let them
eat Briggs the good cop Walker dude
Tigers just looking at me all right so
my quest to get my customers for the
food didn't work out today because these
guys were on high alert and wouldn't let
anyone or anything near that food so
maybe tomorrow I'll have some customers
but pop bears back from work and he's
banging on some meats
I'd have so much energy I got it Oh what
are you making
um so I have my meal pack but I've been
really good today so I do have like a
ton of calories left all right thank God
some pepper in my nose so I do need
extra protein so I went out and I got
some ribeye steaks and I've been craving
that smoky meat flavor like from Korean
barbecue and on and I haven't had
grilled meat in a long time I'm just
even for it so got some of this probably
make it chop it up and then whatever is
left over we can use it for other stuff
I got pepper in my nose so sensitive
ah lucky nothing you did all the shit
talking for me
you look you ever have someone throw
pepper yourself yeah but I've never
reacted like that that's because you
don't have a soul good all right well
anyway anyway from the Grillet he's
gonna grill it and I could throw this
trash away I've been vlogging so this is
a trap that I have I have cookies cookie
wafers I have orange peels and empty
baby bottle that's my life these days
all right pop our cam into this house
pretty damn excited what's going on baby
Oh - maybe no it smell it
smell that and it's medium rare and you
can finally eat that now because you're
not preggos
I couldn't eat medium rare because the
blood the blood would carry I don't know
parasites or bacteria or some bullshit
that I wasn't officially eating it but
now I'm back baby
and I'm gonna devour this thing is I'm
gonna taste it for a really long time
I'm awful tracking so I know how much of
a little weasel you are I have this
exactly take some look I'll just get my
own and you know you always have two
colors cuz ones water which I obviously
like Sabine bails down why'd it move it
so far away fine
alright well serve me peasant oh just
kidding
yo see me cut it it looks like I do
watch Zack Samms walk my you have to at
least try a little piece okay
is that to rot I might be due Rob that's
super raw are you done with that I'm
doubt that okay
I wanna get diarrhea for sure Barbara
Bach he rushed me to get out of your
dick you have to eat it at the optimum
time it's gonna be nice to read a little
bit even gloomy night comedy he's not
even ready he does this to me all the
time
but I love damn but I love him all right
pop around - so back from the grill
because one of my customers does not
want it that rare
so the chef took it back to the kitchen
fixed it up but said you spit on it yes
of course thank you sharpen your knife I
know
now put this in your mouth and relax
Oh couple of hours
tell me that's not bomb diggity pretty
diggity mm-hmm all right fucking raw oh
okay
I'm good diarrhea for sure I'll keep you
guys posted
no you won't I'll get some more medium
this way I have really good okay
that's horrible gonna sharpen it Paulie
all right so it's it's kind of that time
now where we begin to unwind and I don't
know what's going on with these guys
but tyka finally woke up from a
three-hour nap which is kind of scary
for me because that means his batteries
are charged hopefully they're nuts
but it's 9:00 for us and this is our
routine we have to slowly start
migrating up or else we're not gonna
sleep until like 1:00 or maybe even two
Oh someone's hungry yeah
and when he's hungry that usually means
I want mom's titties so are you gonna
give him titty before we do formula yeah
so I have to breastfeed my boy because
um breast milk is always the best milk
you're so we do I'll take them out so
yeah so we have to let the dogs out we
have to make sure this guy eats we have
to make sure at least for me I like
keeping everything organized down here
because I want to wake up first thing in
the morning when I come down I don't
want to feel like my freaking humble
abode and my sanctuary is just I don't
know a complete mess so I'd like to keep
everything clean the night ups when I
get up everything's good to go
I really enjoy that too so you're just
so good at cleaning because I I'll see
you a mess and that is well but you know
I look at it after you're done in life
that feels good thanks fine well I'm
happy you can benefit from it I find so
I'm gonna get to organizing let these
guys pee let the other guy eat so with
all of that thank you so much for
joining my mama fide day I'm getting
used to this and I hope you guys are
getting used to it - because this is
life as I know it for now so thanks
again see you guys tomorrow
bye bye oh yeah that's what I'm talkin
about
good night
