the days of us of just getting ready and
going out the door are over now I'm
relieved
I gotta get a diaper bag you got to get
the stroller ready the carrier ready and
then make sure that these hooligans
aren't up to anything bad and mob bears
over there prepping some other stuff
over there what are you doing Oh bottles
cute ass outfit by the way little cutie
no I thought you just went huh yeah so
we got all kinds of stuff to do
but today we're uh today we're having an
awesome day and it's because we're going
on a hike so this is hike number two
we've been trying to bring Tiger out
into like fresh air kind of just above
the normal city line just so we can get
some fresh air
bring the pups Alex I know they've been
cooped up because we've been taking care
of Tiger all day so both me and my bear
have been really looking forward to
these family outings that we go on every
week and we just have to get everything
ready yeah Oh candy boy taken yeah yeah
you too Bob I don't know what there's a
so what kind of sucks is um this is like
one of the most safe is rated carriers
but the seatbelt side is stolen let's go
go higher is it but the shoulders are
right there your mama mama knows best oh
yeah yeah all right
mama oh it's no it's best so you gotta
always put this frickin carrier thing on
it always makes me feel bad cuz this is
like a
all thickness but there you got to put
this on this baby and then the babies
even know what's going on strapped it
well it's because it's for your safety
and I know it's uncomfortable it's for
your safety usually that's the chore is
getting everything strapped in and then
once that's done when we're actually on
the road he's having a good time but as
you can see he's already getting kind of
like I see you're not going to jail yeah
he's just looking at is dead
look ma'am now you're safe just making
sure oh there's one big buckle down here
sorry
okay ma'am
and then we gotta click this in click
this and make sure all the fingers and
legs are out of danger area and dududu
strap in time alright looks like it was
too much let me see no that's good
you sure honestly I think you might even
up have outgrown this liner cuz the way
how he's like clenched up okay as his
tailbone is on the C so he's in a good
place but I think in like about two more
weeks you could pipe all this liner out
and he could be using it for three
months think he doesn't like it that
well you're safe and that's most
important he's uh not it's not too tight
here right no not even a little bit
looser supposed to have like couple feet
yeah that's that part but it's the the
lengthwise cousin length okay yeah he
just doesn't look very comfortable
tossed wrap you at the last second about
that how about that how about this I
don't think the mat that matters so what
is it just being him on sorry I let me
finish this is still one of my favorite
things to watch and it never gets old
but not only get to see it once a week
alright kids you guys ready ready to go
on the truck on the truck gone that run
away fine follow meatloaf everyone jump
in the truck good job me love jump in
the truck what about you Ricky
everyone's in the truck lady Richard
Richard
your turn your turn
first stop is tiara Mir Taqi amount of
Elvis is one of my favorite coffee place
in the whole world they specialize in
this part talked a lot I usually want to
get it I want to swim all over the place
so I'm getting a cold one and it comes
up like this so it has kind of like the
same flavor profile as a pumpkin spice
latte except it's spicy
with ricotta and they got all kinds of
pastries here like croissants and stuff
I got this one today Dolce almond Danish
I've tried their guava cheese pastry
that's pretty good it kind of reminds me
of portal but it's not as good but I
mean their specialty is coffee not
they're still really good and I got Gio
a little very muffin she loves muffins I
never really got into muffins as to me
it's kind of like a cupcake without the
frosting so it's
one friend so I never really got into
so down is waiting for the coffee to
come out
so that's what the coffee looks like
with just the milk and then they just
poured the horchata into their making
another one and then it's gonna port it
to here and that's where all the yummy
goodness comes in you got to mix it up -
yeah man that is delicious the real
thing I'm excited about is having my
bear drink the tyranny of coffee because
she's been watching me drinking
throughout the entire pregnancy and
she's like down on some Porter she
couldn't drink it but now she finally
can yeah mix it up they're ready mixed
it what in the world how is it it's good
huh
or chocolate latte and you mean like
ricotta that's crazy but you like the
coffee awesome nice who's calling me why
is someone calling me thank you mom
let me see it oh it's my dad yeah turn
off the camera look at this street
there's so many trees feel like I'm in
like Washington State or Oregon or
Redwood City California or something
but we're just in Whittier it's pretty
cool I wish that this many trees
everywhere in California so nice
this is what my prayer calls the Beverly
Hills of Mexicans I do is that what you
said someone told me that and since
you're Mexican I assume you're the one
that told me who said that Whittier is
the Beverly Hills of Mexicans oh no but
you know how they say like San Marino is
the Beverly Hills of townies yeah and
then like Ladera heights is the Beverly
Hills of black people oh so someone told
me I don't know who don't quote me well
actually yeah obviously don't call me
but don't even quote what I'm saying is
saying this but someone said like the
nice part of Whittier is the Beverly
Hills is it what do tipsy do well
someone said it but it's this part is
really nice so I do admit to whoever
said that out there in the universe I
agree it's very very nice
watch there's like another part well I
know where the real Beverly Hills where
the real Beverly Hills affects kids with
the fucking say what Mexicans will say
what do they say that homes so we ran
into one little predicament that I
didn't think about from last time and
this hike although it's relatively
smooth it's still all dirt road and
that's fun for these guys but on the
stroller it gets really really bumpy and
Martha just tested it right now and
because he's only two weeks old at this
point his head just goes like this so I
think after he's maybe four to six weeks
and he has more neck muscle then we can
go on something that's more bumpy so
we're just gonna skip out on the dirt
road and then maybe we'll just hike
around this neighborhood and still at
least get some of the fresh air that's
around here so I'll follow your lead
mama the cuny thing is the whole family
still together funny way being so nosey
with other people's conversations I
think you're stuck to untangle you you
know what's so funny so we just decided
to just hike in the neighborhoods
because so the dirt road is too bumpy
and then we found some paved road that
goes uphill and goes out to like some
sort of vantage point our scenic point
but there's no sidewalk so that's
dangerous too so mama bear being the
responsible mama that she is she wants
to find a sidewalk and the only thing we
found is her neighborhood around here so
we're going hiking and the Beverly Hills
of Mexicans but I'm still really happy
about this just because our pups have
been locked up and cooped up all week
so the fact that they're able to even
just get new smells and not have the
same old smells in our neighborhood
makes me happy because now like they're
so alert and they're looking around and
I know they're gonna be tired out by the
time we get home so that makes me really
happy because I haven't seen them like
this interested in what's going and
what's happening around town in a long
long time
see look there's like smelly oh no
you're pooping on somebody's lawn all
right I gotta I gotta pick up the poop
talk to you guys later
oh no not poop just pee yes thanks ring
oh yeah that's true sorry you're gonna
have a little brown hole in there long
me this is how you know that these guys
have had a good walk so far because
they're not pulling everywhere and
they're not getting excited over
everything they're just nice and chill
they're still scoping out the brand-new
neighborhood that they're in but the
leash isn't hella tight I mean right now
I'm using one hand usually I use two
hands but they're all going in the same
direction so I'm really happy I was able
to get their little Wiggles out because
if you don't get the dogs Wiggles out
that's when they start barking up a
storm going crazy
and a lot of times like people have dogs
and they're misbehaving at home they
think it's a dog and they try to punish
the dog even more you know and I started
yelling at them but it's really the
owners fault for not bringing the dogs
out to get their Wiggles out and get all
that pent-up energy exercise now because
that's even the same thing with kids
where you have kids at home and because
we're locked up watching TV all day they
didn't do karate or they didn't play
basketball so they end up getting into
trouble at school like me and so it's
really important to make sure that kids
dogs anyone even yourself to be
productive and get your little wiggles
out so you don't end up being a
crackhead that's what happens you're so
bored you don't know what to do you're
not you know how many hobbies start
doing drugs I don't want these guys to
turn into little crackheads so we're
trying to help get the little wiggles
out and so far it's working
so we just stumbled upon this area
really nice like that how something that
looks like it belongs in Pasadena this
is a big old house with a big old front
lawn and then the staircase starts from
behind mob and goes oh yeah it's blood
and even have this big old tree in there
find our that's so cool
it's kind of cool exploring
neighborhoods just walking around yeah
well squirrel why you can't see house
too small and these guys cardio sucks
yeah cuz behind you is that whole like
hiking trail which is nature behind us
oh good to get a break with a friggin
bowling pin tail down like that frickin
pendulum tongue okay yeah you're done
maybe he's working extra hard because he
has the cone and it's not aerodynamic
you put dents in our walls I'm not sure
I'm sure that air is not an issue for
him I was trying to make an excuse for
you but you're just making herself with
a bad buddy this is super freaking
a little hike our Coast City hike and
usually we have a surfer back here you
always see fun sitting up and just like
you kind of like going with
standing on sushi like dilatation
surfing back there but she's so out of
shape and that's an armful but she's so
tired now that she's leaned out look
is out
look at his little ears
they're all out in a club and I had our
coffee that is still pretty damn home
so we're fuckin wired or I'm wired I'm
not used to the caffeine are you okay
I'm just normal okay huh I think I'm
just normal to like drink so much
caffeine now with the pre-workout and
stuff like I'm doing mine it's delicious
that I think I'm dissing or more oh I'm
fucking wired I feel like I can just go
running right now like so easily what
are you gonna do when you get out that I
don't know probably start cleaning or
organizing you're doing some shit to
like keep me but have you finished mine
look finish yours oh my god that's the
best part you want it nice nah I'll take
it you don't want any more nah it's too
much of them oh I sit at this alright
any surfers back there any surfers nope
alright alright well anyway we're
getting back home and I don't know we're
gonna do we're probably they continue
our Breaking Bad marathon we're on the
last season and shit's getting crazy and
I know we're super late to the game but
I think the past how many years like
four or five years maybe even six years
we've fucking hustled so hard that we'd
like never paid attention to TV so now
we're just being regular people and
catching up all things to tyka honestly
we are gonna have to do one more thing -
what
and it's we got to plan out our schedule
so we've been on maternity and paternity
leave
it's been really awesome but then now we
got to slowly figure out how to get back
into work because like I think a lot of
people it's for most people it's easier
if you have like an either five or
corporate job there's you literally
looking for antiques
cuz you literally you literally just go
back to work if you have a babysitter or
whatever but then for us we do have the
flexibility of bringing the kid and not
now these have all the shots you also
got to plan that out how we're gonna
shoot JK news does JK news is like that
8 to 12 hours shoot
so we don't want to leave Tyco all along
with Grandma all day like that either so
we've got a little bit of planning to do
and then once we figure that out I'm
going back to work first and then
moderator goes back after and hopefully
they'll be seamless and
won't feel like he's missing parents and
will still try to stay with them as much
as we can but we still gotta balance out
looks like what's realistic we got
damn that was some adult shit I know it
was all fun and games it's like taxes
yeah it's all we got to pay the bills so
we got to sit down and really crunch the
finances because it was just such a such
a real a real conversation but yeah
that's what we got to do that's what our
vlogs are it is real some real ass shit
since we came home me and this little
guy and also mama and this little guy he
was spending a lot of skin skin time
getting a lot of skin on skin contact
and we've also been in the Sun just for
a little bit too and I put him in front
of me so that he doesn't get direct Sun
cuz I don't know if you guys with
melanin to protect them so I do want him
to get some indirect sunlight so we're
outside of eye protection please in the
shade and this guy is also getting some
Sun you have a good time out there today
walking around getting a little hike you
got those little Wiggles out and I'm
really happy because this morning man
these guys they were going crazy they're
so antsy every single day and it would
start barking they would start running
up and down the stairs start scratching
at the door and like just everything so
even in the morning it was kind of hard
for us to sleep and now these guys are
just so chill cuz you got all their
little Wiggly squiggles out it's knocked
out super calm and I'm glad that you
guys like to hide in this guy like - hi
- actually did you like the hike tyka
he's just learning he's just learning
his body and I we heard some food that
came in mama did a really good job do
you have all that dog fern are you show
it in the vacuum that's in the trash I
don't know if you guys can tell a
difference but like this Oh what the
hell is that is that for me oh sorry
so my bear she just vacuumed like all of
this couch I got all the dog hair off so
the the couch is like one shade lighter
but because I was sitting outside it
looks one shade lighter to me but down
here it's all sitting outside I brought
in some leaves I'll clean that but the
ground is also way cleaner - these guys
shed like a mofo what yes you do wait
your head at me and because of mr. tight
that I haven't had a chance to take them
to the groomers yet and maybe I'll take
them next week just so they could all
get washed again and kind of restore
this house talking it was I wish I have
to show you guys in the vacuum but
Marber 2 through 8 there was cans and
cans of dog fur it was really rough
how's everything taken Malaika bikini 11
when he looks at me like that
big cutie they heard everyone so Keaney
I was like say hi to everyone he was
like a smart guy only two weeks old
another park ready that's insane
we're having a super late lunch at 5:27
most likely it's gonna be dinner too
and we ordered from this handmade pasta
place this I don't even know what it's
called but like some sort of thick
Venetian pasta with steak and sausage
fried calamari rigatoni dig a donee pick
up with the pony honey he's watching us
get him a look at ticket nigga and we
got this guy I think I don't know and I
got this guy watching daddy vlog and
this is hands down for reals
what's it for all the last time when it
be clean because I mean are you dirty
like gotta eat clean this week and I
really got to do it and uh and get my
body back in shape but this food looks
delicious everything here is handmade
pasta and they make it the day of I
can't wait
can't wait to feed you this yummy stuff
oh yeah fresh is wack yeah oh yeah bite
delicious you look so calm we gotta put
you in the Sun more feels good huh a
little beach baby don't we do not
freakin come and knock him over go
somewhere else
go away Meetup you know freaking
bulldozer gentle gentle get away you're
gonna come here and knock his ass over
go over that good boy go sit down and be
in the Sun like you were good boy
see when I told you that I'm gonna be
back on the diet I wasn't messing around
like this BAM all my meals came in for
the week and not only that mama bear and
Grandma fair are also ordering meal so
they can get lean get healthy so so that
all of Titus family can be nice clean
and healthy mama bear has this Hari
Krishna scarf on what is that it's
called the Kattan and it's basically a
wrap so that I can have tyka in here
well Cooney cuz I'm not a big fan of
that hardest thing that you bought
Warren at a newborn age why I just want
them close to my body without so much
fabric so this is literally just him on
my skin it'll be skin on skin won't just
stuff them in your bra something I tried
and it was either he's falling on her my
kids are falling out I'm kidding I
didn't try
you guys are pop believe me if I said it
but I didn't did you try feeding on is
that what I'm trying to but then this
one guy he started shoving a camera in
my face I can't I can't take oh of
course you know tiny cameras why are you
shoving cameras in your mama's face
because they're either really bad right
now so he can't see more than what like
he's like 15 inches away from him so the
fact that he knows his dad's voice and
he turned to look at his debt is really
awesome he's learning fast
are you hungry no because I know we had
a late lunch just get food there but now
it's 10:00 and I'm a little bit hungry
but I don't want to wait an hour yeah
yeah I pie you serve so you're not
hungry
okay all right cool you're gonna get
some applause are y'all - okay so I love
cereal because it's one of the go-to
things where sometimes you're just
hungry
and you don't want to get food you don't
have time to order food or make food so
i'ma just eat cereal and call it a night
and I do have a pretty good cereal
selection
let's check out the pantry turn on the
light or I could make some instant
noodles but I'll be hella bloated
tomorrow now I'm straight let's see what
could make peanut butter jelly the jelly
you think is bad yeah throw it away
it still feels cold though didn't you
eat this this morning was it bring you
just woke up yeah okay so Jam
in the fridge what about how hard is it
to make the tostadas you're talking
about no you break what does it mean
make you break it up just put it on that
what about salsa oh shit
guess what fuck the cereal so grandma
pear made these freaking little
meatballs and I've been eyeing them but
I always thought it was crazy hard to
make but apparently ma bear says I just
gotta take this put it in the microwave
break it up because there's also this
homemade salsa oh my lord
your mom salsa always kills it there's a
head of lettuce
okay that's already way too complicating
and make it for me damn it these 21st
century women you should be in the
kitchen making me toast at us so I gotta
get one of these guys don't make you
something
god damn it not only is this freaking
little Hina not making me post at us I
gotta make this little Hina tostadas I
don't even know how to make it it's not
even in my blood
let's make it cuz you got to do the hard
Christian thing all right
why don't we just superglue that to his
mouth he doesn't drop it I have a make
some toast on this house is it pretty
successful it's like staring at your
mama dude that's awesome is it comfy
does it feel like great you feel a lot
of pressure on her back or nothing no I
feel nothing on my back cuz it's so
thick touch it yeah it was nice
that's pretty dope yeah I bought this at
4:00 a.m. but thanks to Amazon Prime it
came in at 4:00 a.m. this morning yes
God - is fast yeah
that's really awesome was that other
head tuck into your day um well this his
head needs to not be staring at me yeah
basically if he's not looking so if it
does like which we're gonna turn him in
well he's not doing it
maybe a little bit less rest his head on
my chest then I can just cover it and he
can get it in he can I'm just covering
like half of his head not his face
because he needs to breathe yeah but let
me see if you do it nope he's too
curious I like a little heat on her
belly wait Kenny look at his cute little
feet don't want to do it
why anyways you would just took his head
just have nosy miscue me so I am Mexican
but I think I did a pretty good job look
at these bad boys I still assembled it
and there's a craftsmanship to that so
look at this I put a layer of sour cream
I don't know if it's supposed to on the
bottom or top but I just felt like it
should be on the bottom you're right and
then I put the meat on top of it then I
cut up some lettuce there's not put the
salsa o'may on the bottom yeah but if
that works you did it fine or then you
put the
sour cream on top but whatever it's the
same I'm pretty proud
a Chinese man made these I think they
look legit and I went the ghetto route
where I didn't want to do any dishes
because late so I just used these paper
towels so I could just throw it away
that's to get a method are you ready to
try my creation you didn't do anything
I know literally just assembled so it's
not a creation I assembled it this is
reverse Panda Express no punishments
Chinese food made by Mexicans what this
is freaking Frijole Express are you eat
it yeah but we've already learned that
every time I'm eating with Tyga on me
yeah I end up spilling it on typhus so
nothing's his head he's closer to my
mouth I'm probably not gonna eat it I
probably eat it over here all right well
I'm gonna eat it then I'm gonna take a
bite see how I did I made this yeah good
job mom
see him a song go kick him freestyle
about tiger go hey so this little man
came on September 1st he's the big cutie
and he ain't the worst he doesn't cry
and he's a nice book so the leobens
alone cuz this time frame her play with
his duck all right Tyga my boy he
doesn't have a lot of toys because he
likes to make noise when his diapers wet
so he cries and his mom comes over and
takes a meatloaf to the vet yeah changes
his diapers at EKU's impedance because
he was tired and he wants to sleep in
yeah Kissimmee alright guys that was the
Freestyle
to end the night thank God time for us
to eat the closet I may see you guys
tomorrow peace
