good morning guys actually it's
afternoon music so we've been I don't
know what I'm saying but we've been up
my PJs someone's not up it's all right
so it's a day off which is awesome so
we've just been kind of like lounging
around hanging out with tyka and it's
finally 5:00 p.m. and I have even
brushed my teeth that was just really
cool nothing for the health of my teeth
but for the fact that were able to
lounge around today cuz his off day so
I'm just chilling I just started lifting
and finally started getting the day
started and playing some Bruno Mars and
that always makes me feel more and more
energized but one thing I'm really
excited about is my order for the gym
finally came in and it's this little
palette package thing right here I
already tried cutting it up with these
scissors and I can't wait to show you
what I got but it is my set so I gotta
go do it before my body cools down can
you hold this for me real quick
mother don't believe me just watch whoo
funny nice these days I can't get like a
hundred percent intense like I usually
and because I've sleeps all messed up my
schedules all messed about you can tell
I haven't brushed my teeth since five
but I'm still trying to get in get it
done and I have a very supportive mob
bear who's coming out to hang out with
me for a while stuff but she's doing
these really awesome filters on Tyco
which is so funny and then we have the
puppies out here hanging out with me so
even though I'm tired I start the
support of the whole family and they
back me on my athleticals which also
feels really good
so back to this I bought some dumbbells
of various sizes so this one looks like
a big one that's probably like a 50 or
60 or 50 yeah so I got a 50 and
originally I had these guys and I
thought this would be like the end-all
solution or I could just get plates over
there
build up whatever I need and it's
interchangeable but then when it came
down to actual usage it was a pain in
the ass to between every single exercise
to switch from 30 to 50 to 100 to
whatever now I'm like okay what am i
some go-to dumbbells that I could just
get for home so I can do circuits and
also ma Bert's been training grandma
bear and that way they've been using
these but these are ten pounds by
themself so that we don't interfere with
each other and we can also coexist so I
bought some of these guys really excited
this one is just 50 pounds I think I got
some 30 pounders actually I bought these
so long ago that I don't even remember
what all of them are but let's see what
is this
Rosen's a big big boy
okay open Oh just means having oh this
one is let's see Austin's a hundred did
you say what the fuck to the Pandora
yeah there's not weird alright so I got
on Bruno Mars and journey pops up which
is kind of weird I guess I kind of get
it is good feeling good vibes
upbeat pop Bruno has a very arm B funk
driven like rhythm the journey isn't but
has a new friend this awesome amount of
ammunition that we have on this guy for
when he gets married and we played at
his wedding he's fucked I have bid a
video footage of his balls and all kinds
of stuff and the best is the first
message should he ever took so he took
the fucking massive five-pound shit in
his diaper and the first thing Bart does
he goes oh my god what happened laughs
because I'm like a concerned mother and
he goes give me my phone
ever getting the phone cover so we have
every milestone and every embarrassing
milestone now it's my set again 75 good
call me though
hello everyone's watching you they're
like so close watching today I actually
have to hit a pretty high number I've
hit 345 today my foxy bone mass 370
after work slowly work my way up but I
got 275 coming right up
okay smoke so much smoke show smoke city
what
smoke city smoke oh shit smoke city yes
help alright so back to this music we
need to change this journey crap I'm not
into that right now
I need some funk in my life what is this
shit I do like the song but it's not the
Bruno feel I'm going for but it's got
enough groove in it oh good news about
meatloaf we got him back from the vet
and he said his little freakin bowling
pin tail is healing very well and most
like we had his next visit they're gonna
be able to take it off and it's fully
heal so really really happy about that
battle weights this is one of those
crazy a DD blocks but it's awesome
because we're bustin a one-take Scorsese
where so far I've been able to share so
much of my hour with you just across the
board throughout the hundreds got the
50s
but lucky shoes what's the lucky shoes
oh these guys the ears even hang out of
the side
the monkey shoes he looks like he's
groovin he's in a b-boy pose
took off his gloves I cut his nails
today while he was sleeping
you can't scratch me hurt yourself
paper-thin you like hold on like fuckin
kids you don't have little fine little
nails yeah yeah all right so here's
gonna be the first cut cuz now it's time
for me to really focus any time I get
into three plates and above I really got
to focus now cause my neighbor time to
Papa says he can't be in the zone but
the only stone I need to be in is in the
zone and if he's on a break I'm on a
break it's kind of not really because
I'm still holding used limber it's no
muscular ass so we're gonna soap operas
gonna hit excuse the face and the
Wardrobe I literally just rolled out of
bed dressed up this guy and has just
been like this well I saw my house the
birth on it's ridiculous but I'm gonna
record pop Marik is about to 3:15 that
is three plates on each side and a plate
is 45 pounds and the bar is another 45
pounds so it was Papa he doesn't even
need to tie his shoes that's how fuckin
badass he is
and the punching bags probably gonna hit
his leg too but he doesn't give a fuck
look at that
let's go papa and oh that was nice that
was great that was really good
notice the control when he reracked his
weight that's one of the things that I
kind of like Harpham on a little bit cuz
uh it's unfortunate that it has to be
this way but if he wants family time
there needs to be some sort of
compromise so what I'm talking about is
as soon as he brought it meaning what it
is right now it's racked no one's
holding it he has to do it gently and
controlled because when metal hits metal
it's gonna do this really loud ear
piercing sound and every time he does
that it hurts my ear secondly imagine
what was best to psifas ears so I was at
the column I'll take it easy so props to
pop there for controlling 315 and laying
it down gently that's not that's not
easy stuff yo can I be Khaleesi of dogs
dude I know that they're not here for me
they're definitely here for taiko but
I'm still gonna be Khaleesi of dogs
right Brett she's not dragged on she's
pretty on with gravy on oh yeah
the home Bell guess how much it weighs
hundred its visit on it it's way bigger
than what it needs to be I feel like
hundreds at the gym is this hilarious
yeah let's take those 1920s like
stronger with all yeah hey those are
your bedroom moves fine so this is brig
on wait freaky on Brittany on and then
we have Bonnie on and meatloaf is below
melodious hey he does have the pin tell
anymore he is a when they would wrap his
tail it used to look like a bowling ball
pin weight a bowling pin not a folding
bump in a bowling pin but now they made
it thinner oh it looks like a little
penis those pink elephants oh no their
pink pigs bro
meatloaf me though sorry shit all right
ya know like all dainty doesn't work
yeah that's my excuse to every time I
lift and then I make you carry the dog
food it's because I'm trying to preserve
my strength Wow how could you see that
it's like his mom like you listening to
your papa did you poop smells like poop
one thing I'm really envious about when
it comes to type I mean there's a lot of
things I'm really envious about one of
the main things just you can take this
shit in his sleep and he doesn't care
he'll take your shit in the sleep and
just keep sleeping through it that's a
beautiful what would you do if you loved
just got up all of a sudden and I
started dancing with you that's one of
the things I love about German shepherds
they're like so intuitive and human like
the timing with him and theis in it if I
could talk to them knowing yeah never
is that true dude hey I'm talking to you
don't want to comb hey you good with the
comb no it's good to see his eyes he's
looking at you like hey Cohen guy you
look at me not like serious
hey hey what angle watch let me show you
the real angle okay of what what his
face is watch talk to him diseases roll
his eyes now your roll his eyes are you
all right Robert Smigel for 335 this is
gonna be the ultimate test
I'm supposed to get 3:45 today and this
is the weight right before I'm upset so
get in the fucking zone so this doesn't
movement then I puzzle Collin here
the moves good thing for Shawn try at my
concept there that means who's good or
feels good more importantly good hey
what's more Bruno bro yeah this is
really gonna help me hit a PR hey there
Delilah don't bear do you do for the
other stuff I like that song I know but
believe me that was a cool song oh yeah
Oh Jimmy
how are you gonna hit a top set fuckin
around like this no it's the true
gangsta me you're gonna trip
yeah let's go Papa focus your mom taught
you not to fucking clip psych is hanging
off the fucking clip we bothering you
sorry baby
oh and he's comfortable again sorry
buddy so I got to uh I gotta put on my
actual like training playlist through
there in the zone
yeah I'm sorry Tiger but this is the
first time I don't think he minds well
it's the first time he's gonna be
hearing sanity in a song I've been
trying to keep that away from him
you have you cause like a mofo yeah but
I don't want him numbers dad I don't
want to get that stuff from you know a
stranger's yeah yeah
I've been out of the game
to bring it down
I've been cussing this whole time yeah
strangers hi let's bring it down to
Tyga's normal music or changes diaper
I've been playing a different song
your dad is fuckin bipolar thank you
while I'm on the topic of garage updates
I'm gonna show you guys some more
updates to the garage that I haven't
been able to show you guys so you guys
saw the dumbbells and waist that came in
I think we're pretty much set for the
home gym except for deadlift Jack that's
gonna come in cuz uh when I was down
lifting here I realized how let me turn
the music a little bit I realized how
hard it is to load up 500 pounds by
yourself but one thing I'm really proud
of and I never thought I would say this
because this is a sign of me getting
older and having way different interests
and you're young he cared about like
music hanging out your friends girls
parties Carter so I still care about
cars and stuff like that but garage
storage it's something I never thought I
would be super happy about so all these
things like the dog kennel my rims the
AC filter some baby supplies was all on
the floor yeah and I was getting really
cluttered and so uh Joe's brother came
by and he was like hey have you ever
looked into garage ceiling storage and I
was like wait why so I looked into it
found this company called monkey bars
and all of their racks it's this is a
750 pound weight capacity so you can
actually put a bunch of stuff in there
have all four of my old Oddie wheels up
there all those things are stored up
there so once this is gone this is just
all clear space and I'm gonna set up my
bear
our table because Marvin wants to get
back into art and then there's plenty of
room for this little man's little toys I
can't wait to get them like Power Wheels
to match my truck or to match my car we
can drive around the block and I'll be
so fucking cute and also this safe it's
not completely done but I'll show you
guys what I have going on in here so far
and here we go oh you guys you guys
ready all right tada
so this is part of my gun collection
because of course I have some other ones
hidden in certain places for shit hits
the fan diapers
yes so I got this is part of it so I
have my MPX up here which is kind of
like a submachine gun looking beam Oh
completely legal and I have all my
pistols here I have one pistol that is
out of not out of commission but it's
out to get a custom holster made so it's
pretty much this like I have two of
these and this is my favorite pistol
sorry I love it so much that I bought
two of them one of them I used as a safe
queen which means I barely touch it the
other one is I want to actually shoot
and have a light on that one
so that one is out for to make a custom
holster and so is this one and in here I
have a very strategic way setting up my
magazines and I was given this advice by
my cop buddy so he told me you want to
store your guns in a safe organized way
but you also want to have your go to
shit hits the fan either zombie
apocalypse World War three type of thing
like you never know what's really gonna
happen sometimes like you know riots
break out you see in other countries
like that shit's real where the
government gets overthrown or some crazy
stuff happens so I usually have my go to
my favorite pistol here that's the one
of the most accurate with and I
immediately have three magazines full of
hollow points ready to go so if shit
hits the fan
imma grab this that's my shit hits the
fan pissed
and I'm also gonna get holsters minutes
because if shit gets the hits the fan I
want to be ready I'll have my holster on
and I get to run out and that also
doubles as what's more normal usage
which is shooting competitions and down
here I have all my rifles these aren't
all of them Boozer and most of them and
this is my shit hits the fan rifle this
is a novice ki infidel I love this thing
super accurate I've shot billions of
times never jammed they haven't really
cleaned it yet I have my L can light on
it
scope so this is a really sick optic I
have a light so this one is like if I
can only rely on a couple of weapons my
shit is the fan pistol my shit hits the
fan
AR my shit hits the fan Scarlett this
bad boy is hella light it's all pretty
much really light metal probably
aluminum or titanium the rest of its
polymer like to pick it up easily with
one hand I have a scope this is a 308
which is a bigger round and that thing
is super effective from even a thousand
yards so if I need to do close quarter
combat or far away I got that so this is
pretty much it and most importantly
keeps all of these things safe and away
from this cot but ma bear knows the code
so if stuff were to happen and I'm not
here MA bear knows damn it it's that
number you don't remember that number
yeah back to training my tongue got
stuck well one of the things I wanted to
tell you guys was one of the biggest
changes with Tiger now that it's been
pretty much two weeks is before when he
first came home he would pretty much
just sleep poop wake up sleep eat wake
up now there's times where he's awake
and he's not really eating or pooping or
anything I mean I think he's just taken
in the world and we had right now cutie
boy and he's butt-naked because we had
skin-on-skin contact time and I cause
skin skins and that's the it's really
important because it helps the baby bond
with both parents and so it's kind of
like though with the mom like you want
to breastfeed and be skin-on-skin
contact as much as you can because
that's how animals are animals don't
work clothes and ultimately we are
animals so I think there's a lot of
issues with modern society where we're
so removed for our animalistic roots
that there's not that tight bond that
animals have so I do that and but my
food came and I am so freakin hungry and
I think I said it last week but I'm I'm
serious this week that this is gonna be
the week where I'm back on track so I'm
ordering my last last cheat meal I got
enchiladas Oh oh my God look at that
cheese hell yeah and then I also got
some taquitos with just these front oh
look at that guacamole oh hell yeah
gotta Micah knocked out sorry I just
woke him oh yeah that's what I got my
bear is gonna she's her food is coming
soon and we're just gonna eat and
continue watching Breaking Bad we had a
Breaking Bad marathons and I think and
watched like seven episodes so this is a
cool to hang out with Tyga introduce
them to some really good television
having people die and you know like take
drugs sell drugs when I thought that's
true one thing I always do is whenever I
get these drinks you see I already knew
them they never have enough ice so what
I always do
I love ice I get the big a small fucking
cut and then and go over here oh there's
motherfucker open and put some hella ice
in here
lúcia guys put her here BAM close the
door and watch this tell me this is a
refreshing I'm an ice connoisseur
without spilling this take this guy
which never has enough ice and then
watch check this out
doesn't that look like a commercial yeah
yeah now that is a drink time to eat my
friends I love love when they make
enchilada like this when I touched it on
my damn that is once you hook it up with
some quack quack attack on this mofo and
check it out mm-hmm
a bomb again
now Mexican food thank you
