today's an exciting day but we're in a
rush because we have to bring tech up
with this to the office because grandma
is in Mexico she gots to do some stuff
because of that we have to get ready
with the kid
yep a lot for more time so Robert is now
changing him into outside clothes and I
always love seeing them in the outside
clothes he looks like a little man hey
baby
you're naked who are you good Akemi
little Ranko that's in season to muster
a raincoat but the cut looks like it and
then it's just a baby bear baby you big
beauty I gotta see if I have anything in
my closet that matches that hole Oh buff
guy this is a wee-wee okay let me see so
he's wearing mustard right mustard blue
pants okay and then great ahh
all right so I'm gonna see what I can do
to match that cuz I think they'll be so
skinny
all right so I got this I got I got a
great top right I got a great top I mean
I'm not great mustard that's the closest
I had and then what else great top wait
wait that's kind of great right yeah
that's kind of gray toward gray get out
get out get out
it's stuck why is it stuck focus is
brand-new that's why okay so I have this
one great top it's a great top and I
have to get do
hence some dark blue is it pretty dope
blue pants my bed do you know what she's
gonna wear bees awesome
so he wears these and you know I gotta
wear my adidas this is those are the
only Adid as I have I wish I had
something closer but I don't want him to
miss you which one matches more this is
so important now this is all funny all
right let's see what your match is more
I'll burn you get a chance can take a
quick gander out of these two shirts
dark the one okay cool we're gonna match
we're gonna match with the bigger is
that hard putting on pants on a little
squiggly caterpillar yeah yeah guys buff
look all tight that shirt is holy crap
take a strong backs bikini daisy wearing
freaking and armor holy crap this is 12
to 24 months yeah well I mean it doesn't
fit him perfectly but doesn't fit it big
yeah you are a monster you're monster
trying to grab it
hey cutie monster my finger no he's
trying to grab the camera no good good
yeah well he's gonna drop on his face
okay just careful one no I'm just
kidding yeah he actually grabbed a lot
you're strong yeah Lucius those goosies
Hey bless you bless you that's so cute
they're gonna match today we met the
other day so it's about time you guys
met
your shoes and so fit him a little big -
that's crazy how they got dirty I'm like
he doesn't even walk how the hell are
they getting dirty
whatever well we need not look any jumps
on it starts moonwalking anyway I still
gotta bring shorts today too cuz I'm
yeah yeah after we do our meeting I have
to do or not the train and then
meanwhile we're also shooting for the
next launch that we have at the end of
March sorry I ran out and launches every
single month which is so awesome because
we get get to express the brand in so
many different creative ways the next
one I don't know we have a name for you
but it's currently calling it the
watercolor connect collection because
it's like a softer feel looks so cute in
that thing ready for picture are you
ready for a picture that goes always
picture ready do you guys follow me on
instagram it's type of Quon ta AI KN in
every picture I don't know how he always
looks picture ready look shh shh good
boy
you could be a model like your mama I'll
wear a bit too so he doesn't feel left
out you can tip over now are you got
that father Hey
there we go can't breathe cuz likes your
neck oh these guys move fast these days
this guy is fast yeah be careful trust
me trust right on time all right
our hands are full today my hand I have
a carrier I'll stop my gym bag cuz I'm
gonna be a boomerang to barbell house
off my coats I could take a little
picture with hiked up her memories got
my backpack geo has her backpack on just
a baby bag and the other hand is on the
stroller and we are freakin swamped with
stuff if I wasn't filming later and I
didn't have to her then I could just
leave my workout bag on the car that
sense we can still got up pretty busy
like schedule going here going over
there our hands are tied this is I think
the second or third time got tight this
but go into the office yeah and each
time it seems like he's learning it for
the first time because I think it looks
new to him still like when we pulled him
out of that truck and is looking in the
parking garage it was like what's this
what's that
and what's cool is I think now that his
eyes are actually functioning he's
actually taking it in whereas last time
he's just like staring blankly like good
boy you get all this stuff around here
there's lights wasps plants and mom make
me buy your favorite fox toy you got
fern learn about business
any powerlifters playing ping-pong
who's winning thank God it's cool in
here so we're gonna oil all that Club
I hate when a nice close and sweating
yeah aunt uncle Aaron we got the boss in
the house boss Micah all right so the
final wardrobe is on both of the Quan
men for this baby Kuantan and then
there's big baby Quan little baby quite
a big baby Quan funny
well he's jacked up here Thanks
goddammit okay I'm gonna take a little
bit all right
all right I think everything I fixed I
went back to because you know you can't
see your shirt there like that take off
ok Eva's gonna take the picture he's
Hollywood it but his tongue is sticking
out Tiger Tiger did you have a good time
at the office tiger mmm good time yeah
that's pretty kitty Tiger sat through
all the meetings we have three meetings
today one was a creative direction
meeting kind of talking about the
branding of the entire company that
spans the gym the parallel that even the
customer experience and then we had
executive meeting about like each other
fit expose we're gonna do during arena
and then we had a corporate meeting like
that looking at like that sorry
then we had our corporate meeting where
all the departments update each other
and the whole time he sat through it
like a champ he was screaming like unity
does all not even screaming like talking
like what about blab by a blah blah but
everyone had a good time cuz you're just
talking being super friendly everyone
thinks he's super cute bqt they are all
normal down there you ready
you have all your stuff okay
da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da
leaving
anyone else left anything No
okay mob is shutting it down shutting
down the office well you do have kids
you have my keys talk to him
hey no Matt to him to them to them oh
you're just saying is awesome I'm just
saying he's super awesome because he
doesn't normally get to see like my son
doesn't really get to see it so he's
like completely and I look at his eyes
look at those jellybeans eyes it
jellybeans ice he's learning so much
well stuff in his mouth you know how to
do that what tell me later
yeah dude there's no secrets on this
channel yeah but it's also really well
I'm just kidding
I don't know you guys are talking on my
team in here okay ready you know you
okay yeah so say it oh yeah so they
could feel bad
we're steady whoa useless to cut
okay Jim now about to do a shoot for the
new collection I don't know what the
name of it is yet but I really like it
we're just calling a watercolor
internally because it's like a really
light soft print it's like almost part
of the fabric compared to like our
regular screen print this is the camel
skull tea that we're coming out with and
then this is Dominic humbly on the back
which is our motto our version of just
do it it's super dope I'm aware of this
I brought some workout shorts to go with
it which I always do I always try to
find shorts that I have to make it look
so I had brought you which one you guys
should wear what didn't mean I have had
this one that's like little it was kind
of like green right it's kind of
greenish yeah and then you got these
guys I think when the liner this what
yeah this one I do it I think it just to
all one color
the door oh that's good
so this is a looser fit which I like
does now the 90s are coming in this
one's slightly looser I weigh about 190
and this is a large so if it's pretty
good I tried on the beat him the other
day and it fit perfectly fit but it's
not what the sweatshirt is intended to
it's supposed to be poor now communities
feel it gets kind of loose and you know
nineties are coming back so back sit
down me humbly and I think the Dean made
a good choice to wear these shorts a lot
of to monochromatic and like hella green
I just got home after training and tech
is already asleep do you know when tyka
needs to sleep is it you sleeping no
it's at the same time because today 8:30
seems kind of early right yeah by this
hour I'm already like prepping him right
let's relax we're not playing anymore
and then I start walking upstairs
changing these clothes changing his
diaper turning off the lights and by
9:00
he's usually it is him yeah it's cuz I'm
you didn't really get to take a nap
because you came with us to work cause
if I got really stimulating you might
even be really tired
yeah oh my shit since a few time at 8
even have a hard time falling asleep
reader so I just kind of like played
with him and try to push it as much as I
could
yeah he does so then um all my guy right
screw it like
that's Kimmy like your little toes no
we're weird and then they start putting
my toes on my everywhere really yeah
they're really weird some of you guys
not all of you guys I think like Oh
point zero one percent you but those are
the ones that end up doing the weird
stuff
I know so then yeah okay fine so meeting
on my dinner right now trying to stay
good like I said I was gonna be I wanna
be good on my diet so I got my little
meal and they're doing its thing that's
yeah I got my stream beans from the
other day so I'm gonna put that in for
greens
you always gotta get green in your body
and throw this guy in here I put it in
for maybe like a minute I'm thinking cuz
there's not that much and then what I do
is I look for a little snack to kind of
go along with what we have and see we
got let's see what we got in here
there's a light there's let's see what
whoo
I am allowed a little bit of fats so I'm
trying to hit my calories so I got some
of these chips oh I got some little
sriracha chips over there I got this boy
I got some traditional Mexican chef but
this is only go with sauce I don't have
the sauce in the fridge thing imma have
to go at these guys
salt and vinegar kettle chips on my face
bring that out set it up over here while
I'm transferring footage on this side
and I have to eat some dinners
