whoa good morning I haven't done this in
about what's today's date in about ten
days I've actually just been so focused
on the boy Tyga that I just have had
zero juice to be vlogging like you guys
don't understand like vlogging is a
beautiful thing and I love that we vlog
because it's a day for us to log our
daily lives in a video format so it's
always cool to reference it and go back
in time and watch these videos and I
love that about it but there's a certain
energy that you have to have when you're
trying to connect you know with your
audience that I just was like I'm not
having it because I'm connecting with my
boy I'm bonding with my boy and I know
you guys definitely don't mind cuz you
guys are just doping you guys are
understanding but I started feeling
guilty because I'm like damn like poor
papa he's been carrying my weight um he
hasn't you know I haven't been like you
know 5050 with him um so the fact that
I'm back today I feel really really good
but then I'm like wow this is so crazy I
haven't talked to you guys one-on-one
like this and in a minute like I think
this is the longest event so hi I'm
doing well even though I don't look like
it I don't have any makeup on or
anything um I've just again been so
focused on my boy I could wear a sweater
woohoo I got to show you guys my stomach
later because I want to debunk a lot of
things that I thought would happen after
pregnancy and I'll touch on that a
little bit later but yes I could wear
zip up Hoodie and I could wear my pants
I don't have to just wear maternity
clothes anymore okay anyway so I mean
pop there's car right now he got it all
souped up I'm sure he talked about it in
a vlog already but this is the first
time I get to drive it
and I'm freaking excited and it's lower
two so I have to be extra careful but
I'm on my way right now to pick up
bricky bear's medicine because for those
of you that don't know all there's a
little squirrel you guys missed it sorry
I have a TD um yeah she suffers from
seizures and it's not anything that it's
triggered by any specific things if
she's overly stressed or whatever I know
you guys are like oh give your lavender
or good for this cover that it's
actually in her breed so it's already
inherently in her to have these seizures
by the age of three and she is three now
going on for so it's just something
that's in her breed that we just have to
you know maintain and it's really good
because ever since she's got on her
medication she's only had actually ever
since she's been on her medication she
hasn't had any sort of seizures or
anything so it's been really really cool
so I'm gonna go pick that up for her cuz
that's last thing I want is for her to
stress out and have a seizure again not
even triggered by stress but um but yeah
I'm on my way to get that oh and I'm
also gonna get some frozen fruits
because this is where the mom shit kicks
in this is the weirdest shit ever
because I've never talked like this
before but I want to produce more
natural milk milk for Tyga
because you know I want to breastfeed
more they give supplements which is
formula which is fine and there's
nothing wrong with that I did a lot of
research on formula and there's
absolutely nothing wrong with giving
them formula but you know you do miss it
on the bonding and the skin skin and the
oxytocin that's exchanged between the
mother and the child specifically more
so the mom but yeah I want to keep it as
natural as possible I want to give him
more food supplement so i am i bought
yeast
it's called brewers yeast not what you
find in beer that's why back of the day
they were like drink beer if you want to
give your kid more what is it if you
want to lactate more so you can keep
your kid more breast milk this is the
weirdest fucking vlog already let me
just tell you like I'm not used to
talking about this shit but bear with me
guys yes I'm gonna get that I'm gonna
get fruits like a mix in this weird ass
yeast to do that and then pick up a
medicine and I'm gonna come back home
because I just feel so weird not being
home right now poppers with Tyga and
there's nothing wrong with that I have
no doubt in pop bears capability as
being that pop he's a fucking amazing
dad like as soon as tyka was born he
like kicked up the dad gears and Nike
became this like different person that's
so fucking awesome I just kept looking
at him like you sure you've never had
any like siblings or like encounters
with infants and newborns and pregnant
fucking women because you're killing the
game right now like you
he like did such an outstanding job like
I know I make fun of him a lot
licked everywhere on JK news JK party
he's always talking about some
outlandish sighs shit like I'm gonna
teach my kid how to masturbate obviously
it's all jokes fun and games he'll never
do stuff like that but you know I just
see him like how he brushes his teeth
and he liked his bristles are all just
joining just a rough person you know um
and how he interacts with the dogs he's
just a rough person when I see him with
Tyco that he's just so soft and tender
and gentle and I'm like I love you even
more
so yeah Titus with him right now I have
I have no reservations about them to
being alone because they need some daddy
and son bonding time and it's always
cute when I go home and poppers training
and you see type in the garage watching
his dad and stuff not crying so that's
really cool so yeah again such an odd
conversation for me to have with you
guys like this nuts like I have a child
now and you guys absolutely adore this
child and I fucking love that and it's
so cool how much you guys have seen us
change and grow and make additions to
the family like you guys saw Tyson
passing away us getting fond us getting
you know meatloaf getting pretty losing
freaky this spin nuts dude
this is awesome I love you guys but yeah
before I start crying
I'm gonna cut it and continue driving
Thanks
all right just got back home didn't have
enough time to go to the store to get
fruits just because it took longer than
expected but I come home and this is
Papa bear's batting it's so fucking cute
he gets the poppies out it's called
boopie I don't know it's like a little
bit little thug it's a little baby
pillow mattress yeah and he smashes it
between us this is so cute I cos shoes
oh he's not even wearing them it's over
here what's in the needle I see it look
at his floppy shoes did one of these
Tom's toes are cumulative he doesn't
like it hi my boy okay Wow good job
daddy and papa that's what Kenny I think
it's adorable you have the best data
techniques did you see my technique for
a lesson right no over that one but for
the light of my waistband didn't see so
at night because we don't have any like
nightstand lamps we use my phone so we
used this guy and then I turn on the
light so our room is completely pitch
please but pitch black and then I'll do
this right and then if it's enough light
for it to just illuminate my section not
wake up pop there and for me to see what
I'm doing with tyka but I guess for
popper he can't see it so he put the
light on put it in his waistband and
then he put a diffuser on it was just a
baby wipe and he was like carrying his
waistband he was doing his work with
tyka and throwing stuff and then moving
you know like oh my god you're so
freakin creative but some dumb cuz you
had like this it's hands-free it's
hands-free operation yeah but I never
use it I'll show you what I did and I
know I know even though he's so
comfortable
he better not roll off that's scary
that's scary
I baby I'm here with you your Papa's
reckless hey good morning
yeah diaper yeah I said the diffusor
yeah I was tissue I thought it was a
baby white noise I was like this and
then I had him like over here blind him
and I could change him and do all kinds
of stuff
oh yeah but you just look dumb hey I'm
I'm good at daddy you are you take them
over now cuz I got to write an email and
then I also got to uh okay so what do
you do without me
whoa Wow okay is that a love letter to
me no fine
all right so here's the thing about new
parenting um you never know what the
fuck you're doing
I really never know what I'm doing and I
think I've had a decent training I guess
if you will because I have owned a lot
of pets in my life specifically a lot of
dogs and with dogs since they can't
communicate via language similar to
these guys I think I've gotten pretty
good at just body language noises
intuitiveness just reading all of that
stuff so I'm a little bit it's a little
bit easier for me to gauge what this boy
needs and wants but the hard part is
doing anything else so one of the dogs
threw up on the carpet right over there
that spot I think if I had to look at
faces fun let me see one hey fun fun
okay bond didn't do it Brig II hey
Briggs did you throw up
Briggs Ricky all right Ricky alright so
I think it was brick that threw up um so
I have to clean that up but then I'm
thinking it oh I'm not about to put
chemicals and throw-up himself I know I
can wash my hands
and then leave this kid unattended so I
can't do that and then I keep a schedule
for him to see how often he's eating and
pooping and stuff but it's upstairs and
I can't go get that because then he's
unattended again and I don't want to
leave him unattended not that the dogs
would do anything because the dogs
actually are super protective of him
and they like his little Guardians which
is really really awesome but you never
know what could happen
you could roll over I don't know mom's
think really weird so I don't want to
leave him unattended some kind of his
hostage right now I can't really do
anything else until I have another body
here like Papa Bear or my mom who's been
coming and been amazing to have her here
so I'm gonna see if he's possibly hungry
he stops lucky yeah let's figure this
out let's figure this out tiger all
right this is life for me right now kind
of held hostage this boy is kinda yes
and kind of not falling asleep you'll
see it in his eyes you're getting sleepy
you're kidding see there it is but then
he doesn't get sleepy and then he does
and then he doesn't so he plays with me
look at that
don't be fooled my babies laughing he
don't be fooled they're gonna open up
again Hika
you're gonna play with me but and he's
awake are you cutie crying so I can't do
much I'm thinking I got a reply to
emails done but I can't this is my
number-one priority right now
change the diapers gave him some food
and I'm just trying to watch something
but not really trying to watch him he's
trying to pass time there's a smiling
boy goes to see the wee cutie pie he's
trying to go to sleep Milan boy he's
driving boy who are you dreaming about
sleep I think I could do some work but
next to him so check him out
I try to lay him on different sides of
his head cuz his head stove taking shape
so if you have him lay flat
the back of his head then he'll get a
flat head so I occasionally try to have
him sleep on one side of his head then I
flip them to the other side so he can
have a nice round shaped skull
okay I'm gonna get some work done I
haven't been able to work in like a week
so it's nice to finally open up my
laptop to get something done all right
so this boy is still asleep had to hand
him off to Grandma look at him and then
his Guardians are right here got some
food delivered almost didn't get it
delivered
uber eats through bad experience don't
like it I'm still gonna be a post meter
just because of this and I think popper
is back on his diet which it doesn't
look bad at all actually it's not bad
but it's definitely not pizza and
there's pizza right behind me I see it
with Krispy Kreme yeah so I'm gonna get
back on my goals and I gotta inspire
people will inspire mainly my boy wanted
I wanted to feel like he has a superhero
forget that be hey did you hear that
take up you got two big shoes to fill
dang they don't leave his side falling a
grittier on him all right so I'm gonna
eat real quick I'm all coming to shifts
would you work dumplings oh yeah all
right so it's 9:00 p.m. and this is our
current situation
his head is crooked there you go want to
see me
yeah we're doing some skin-to-skin
bonding right now look at that
and he just likes watching mama yeah
you just finished eating probably eat
some more in a little bit cuz he's a
little Savage I'm talking about you you
having any mama
and now yeah we're just chilling at this
point change this diaper not much else
going on
how baby hey yeah Papa went out for
dinner with friends I believe more for
work than anything because he doesn't
like being without his family so we're
just waiting for him to get back you
should be getting back any minute now
but yeah this is all he's gonna find us
so it's time for me to up my yeast
production so they can create more milk
for this boy um so I'm gonna get some of
this and then back here it says
suggested use is two tablespoons and
then I got me some veggies frozen
veggies just because I don't want to use
any of these it's ready mixed ready to
go and then I'm gonna put a little bit
of milk ice and then blend it never done
this before so I hope he's good
I mean I can't imagine not tasting bed
but I didn't realize how huge a freaking
table spoon and it's recommending - this
is one look at all that powder dude I
hope I can't taste it all right well let
me at the ice and then we'll see how it
goes all right
holy shit this is fucking ice cream Oh
No
well like taste is fucking me he's right
oh shit okay but I guess I got a drink
it holy shit n8 too much this is wrong
can I do to save it maybe I'm honey
alright so that was a fucking disaster
that tasted like shit so I dumped it
down the drain and I think I'm gonna
start again I think poppers watching the
office since what do you watch the
office or an episode you mean alright
alright well while he's doing that
I just realized my mom got me fruits and
veggies but where are the veggies oh-ho
a sweet potato I mean this shouldn't be
that bad that was gross though I'm gonna
try a different one
she said she got me different ones what
they go oh yeah oh shit she got the same
one that's good greens
all right ma you're trying to do wait
what's this one this one looks good
everybody get this one I don't know
about the veggies one I mean should be
good I'll do this
all right that's time number two could
be fucking it up by adding like I need
more help here
not putting not putting any forget ice
and that let's see
all right it looks good but it tastes
like fucking let me see he's like I put
like some sort of like cereal in here I
think I'm gonna add honey and it should
be good let me try that
alright I added the honey but I'm gonna
try to chug it it should help me somehow
alright so this is a part of the stomach
that I wanted to get about get two years
ago when I gave birth I thought that my
stomach would go back to normal and just
get flat because I thought the kid is
the reason why I got big but this is
what it looks like a week after
postpartum so I have like a lot of loose
skin here my belly button finally went
in not the whole way but yeah my stomach
is still shrinking still getting smaller
every day but yeah it doesn't happen
right away as I thought this is what it
looks like so dark so I've got to get
rid of this stuff now
but anyway now that no I'm going to
sleep cuz it boys sleeping which means I
should be sleeping so thank you guys so
much for watching
