good morning guys so take us downstairs
with his dad and I just wanted to share
with you guys what this Vandy so I just
got this faculty right I got it maybe
about two three weeks ago and I was
really excited about it because now I
get an area where I can do my makeup
just before I used to do my makeup here
or I would do it in the bathroom
standing up not a big deal not
complaining about it but for convenience
sake and just to be a little bit bougie
I was just like he'd be cool to have a
vanities I can sit there and have
appropriate lighting um so that I could
take care of the mess that you guys see
right now I say got the vanity then
about like two three weeks after tyka
comes so I never got to fill up my
vanity with anything now it's just
filled with baby stuff this just type as
a white noise maker that is also like a
little star projector so he can see
stars up in the ceiling baby wipes
warmer uh I used these bottles when I
when I clean his but instead of using so
many um baby wipes when he poops I just
use a spray bottle which is also being
warmed up so it's very warm um and it's
comfortable for him and I just sprayed
on his butt and I used probably like one
or two baby wipes so moms out there if
you're cleaning Dookie diapers water is
the best and then have his diapers
lotion formula for late-night feedings
you know individually wrap pacifiers
things to prevent diaper rash what the
fuck I'm set your mom now like literally
my whole life is consumed with tyka and
then these are for my breast pumps you
put it on there booby and then there's
this pump so it's actually there and it
just sucks the milk out of you so if you
don't have time or for whatever reason
you can't feed your baby right away then
you put on the boobie secks for like 10
15 to 15 minutes and you have formula
waiting for them or not for me I'm
talking about breast milk waiting for
them in a bottle so it's more convenient
for the both of y'all but yeah and then
beside of my bed is here that's his bed
now we
have diaper dispenser just his hamper
with dirty laundry and then we bought a
fridge so that we can keep you know
whenever I pump we keep the milk in here
and it's stored nicely for him and
literally that's like my life now it's
like Tyga Tyga Tyga Tyga Tyga I
occasionally get to sleep here like
maybe for like two hours it's awesome
and then this is Paul Berry's like again
you guys know we used to separate
blankets this is a lot of thinner than
mine it's like literally this and then
uh my not too thick these days just
which is really cool
oh yeah let's take a world and he has
his own room keep in mind his his own
frickin room but you know he's a newborn
he needs his help you know cuz he's kind
of needy like that like he's so attached
with his mom you know what I mean he's
like so codependent or super dependent
not even codependent he's just dependent
I'm just kidding I know I love it as
crazy as my life has like literally
literally like happened from one day to
the next maybe this is what like Fresh
Prince of bel-air was talking about his
life got flipped-turned upside down this
is me but it's a cool flip upside down
it's a wanted flip upside down but it's
just nuts how quickly it all happened
and how quickly we just gotta adjust so
it's kind of cool sharing it with you
guys cuz you guys have seen us through
everything like glue to the you guys
have seen us through everything and
every phase in our life um so here's
just a new one for you guys in Jul 8 all
right so grandma number one came to take
care of Tai Chi not to take care but
just to hold him he's being good boy
and it's really a blessing for us at
least Bart and I because anytime anyone
comes over and holds taiko for us um
it's a chance that we don't need to hold
him so we get to catch up on some real
life work stuff so as you can see
poppers we're taking advantage of it
he's like full force like going in hard
yeah you're going in hard
you got your whatever thing you need
some athlete show you're watching and
then you
you're going in on some work and you
have your consultant meatloaf oh here it
counts it oh man he looks really bad
here your accounts must be in a real bad
shape he's actually very very accurate
you love is that true what about fun
funds not buying it my what about pretty
use my clown no she's my secret lover
what what fine
well there you have it looks whoa okay
I'm actually take advantage of this
moment and I'm gonna do some work for it
all right so the boy is sleeping look at
him he is not out and it's cool because
grandma's here
to keep the peace in the balance but I'm
gonna meet for a Jacob party right now
and I'm gonna do a Skype because that's
gonna be really fun no oh so we were
about to eat I was trying to wake him up
the whole 10 minutes and then what any
wasn't trying to do it that we were
gonna sit down - easy said I'm gonna
wake up right now
meanwhile they're on full alert because
something's going on outside I don't
leave me looking here so he's not on the
same program so once again grandma Bear
is making magic happen and there's some
deliciousness going on so if I go back
to the 2:30 who saw me and be the earth
it's not my fault but she made rice with
chicken broth enchiladas and there's
even or chata oh yeah you got the skills
what
oh no I'm okay
do I just pour this in the cup I'm kind
of scared I might still be how you guys
doing misspell it you guys think I must
fill it can you see any port for me got
my yes but doing this one-handed
operation I feel like we're taught that
oh yeah the plate looks amazing and we
even got that sour cream Oh dropping
stuff thank you oh and the ice cold
don't forget the straw do you want a
strong you know that the straw is the
full experience and I actually learned
this luxury from my bear cuz back of the
Dells get off the cuff but she does even
use it yeah as their shorts as choice
but when you got this luxury right here
oh my goodness it changes the game now
every drink that you drink at home feels
like we're drinking at the restaurant
what oh wow that skills Wow you're a
woman of mystery
BAM you are really good at multitasking
warfare I got I've been yeah holding the
baby eating some food yeah awesome mom
somebody misses you
hey baby oh good boy
your tails Healy good boy mr. mr.
meatloaf
mmm the cuny alright guys so it's almost
midnight and the crazy thing is we
thought it was so cute when Tyco was
sleeping throughout the day and all my
parents are gonna laugh at this part but
he's fuckin wide-awake you know so we're
clinging on to dear lives um trying to
stay awake and put this kid to fuckin
sleep cuz he is why he's like this like
oh that's fuckin Tyga and we're like oh
so we're gonna see how it goes so they
just went to pee is he wide awake yeah
let's see yeah little man right here
damn son he wants the party you want to
party little tyke uh another party
alright dad well we got to figure out
the situation
so thank you guys so much for watching
and got danceOn thirsty see you guys
tomorrow
