finally had some time to get out of the
house and get a haircut I've been
throwing like crazy for a while my hair
is super long and the longer my hair
gets the Messier more homeless I feel so
I think today I'm gonna get something
that's slightly shorter this so I can
maintain a little bit longer because
it's hard changing diaper in the hair
like in your face so you could cut off
like maybe an inch or an inch and a half
yeah I still I still kind of want to
like shorter gel and like spike kind of
comb over but maybe like that like a lot
more yeah a lot more than usual okay
yeah sure and there's still zero of
medium faith okay thanks
yes finally I look normal again I don't
look homeless
I feel clean I feel fresh I feel like I
could be on camera make videos I don't
look like that
homeless love dad I feel like I look so
foggy like I almost became someone else
I remember well I have anymore
and I don't want to take that a big day
as a homeless dad I want to talk that I
think is a cool clean-cut looking dad
and I finally feel back it's a normal
this feels really it's amazing how much
a haircut can change the way you feel
about yourself I think that's how girls
feel when they um we have a good hair
day and also when they have like nail
polish on they just got their nails
doesn't feel really good I feel so
uplifted cuz when I have me messy hair
it didn't matter how many times I shower
or the clean clothes I put on even if I
put on a suit and I have like a ton of
hair sticking off the sides I just don't
feel clean is anyone else still feel
that I think for a meeting right now I'm
wearing like a tank top back from the
Marine Corps
that's over probably ten years old this
holes
I haven't even taken a shower yet this
morning what's it won last night but I'm
thinking how are you this morning here
but I feel clean and more fresh than I
had ever felt in the past three weeks
after all an awesome time to go back
home it's the baby today is a very very
CUNY day because oh oh I throw is kind
of try good today is a very very CUNY
day because today is the first day that
the entire family is going out for a
little hike and when I say entire family
I mean entire family we got the fur
monkeys back there we got a mob bear
back there we got the furless baby back
there we are a family of one two three
four five six six a family of six and
we're gonna try to make this happen
hopefully no one gets bit no one Falls
no one gets sunburned nothing happens
and we just have an amazing amazing time
we actually have the full day to ourself
say no parents coming over no friends
coming over nothing it's just the Bell
family and we're gonna have a cuny time
going on a hike at the beach what up
guys just got to the beautiful beach
took us like 50 minutes to get here
because one of the freeways were under
construction and I don't think the GPS
accounted for so we kept going in a
circle like three times because I got a
little bit sooner but nonetheless we're
still here and we're with Ma Bear yeah
the boy the boy knocked oh yeah he's
done
with the pups meatloaf yeah he needs to
burn energy cuz just ramming a psyche
with this cone over can you tell by his
cold yeah one thing I'm really excited
about is that we get to use our more
beefy stroller look at the wheels on
this thing this thing it's inflatable
wheels and even has front suspension in
the front yeah but I don't think I'm
gonna pop and there's a suspension in
front like little Springs you see that
see little Springs in the front yeah so
this needs to be nice and smooth for a
nice little hike and we're probably
gonna look forward trail like this
nothing crazy nothing that's gonna be
like yeah but this is made for we tested
it damn tiger
I'm so sorry I'll try to watch you as
much as I can fine are you ready to go
on our first family outing yeah look at
that cutie patina over there
that's mama Belle of cuny tiger and a
little off-road stroller
you look beautiful what are you trying
to jump off the cliff but get the
beautiful scenery Ricky you trying to
die you crazy get your ass in here did
you see the beautiful scenery ocean
I love the way the ocean sounds very
like this camera doesn't have a
windscreen on it so I bet what you guys
hear is wrong but hopefully it's not
that bad what's freaking hilarious is
meatloaf even out in the wilderness easy
freakin getting caught on everything
still he keeps walking by like signs
plants probably this trash can
all he missed it good job what about
this one he still gets caught on
everything his beak is so clumsy your
cone is so jacked up if he was knocking
everything over I don't think we can go
down there that one looks kind of crazy
maybe we just go on the perimeter yeah
Oh
what's that he though he's done anyway
you freakin short-tail bastard
alright let's walk this way let's go
look it looks very beautiful here though
my bridge the other ocean all that
beautiful blue water beautiful you want
to just stand here and take it all in
for a little bit first yeah because it
is very nice
we love wrong direction good where do
your freakin gonna knock - hi - over -
yeah how's your abdominal muscles
holding up I know like your body is
still recovering from the labor so are
you holding up pretty good on this
miniature stroll at all I feel like I've
never worked out in my life there's like
nothing here fine let me know whenever
Aegina hurts too much dude lucky to be
in such worse shape you're sitting down
in the middle of a hike you're
constantly knocking stuff over and I
just go sit down everyone else having a
good time
why did my bear looks so cute when she's
walking tiger in the stroller yeah all
time I'm making noises you look like a
typical mamba more athletic version yeah
cuz you have my diabetic shoes on and
yet the athletic stroller so you look
like you're ready for a freaking
adventure yes my body's not the seeker
right
is he okay my favorite type of done in
there how's everything
do you like the nice ocean buoys us all
pacifiers here we give big eggplant tail
guy there though me love no act like you
can't hear me just cuz you have to cone
on let's see if funky fun yep fuck you
can't me me love me wolf think I hurt
his feelings did I hurt his feelings
I thought I feel like he role designs
like me dammit me love your unique you
have an eggplant tail now everyone has
an eggplant tail give me love me love do
you love me
I wasn't making fun of you know uh I
thought was Kuna is a big fat fine you
know he knows bring even pay attention
me enough you know I was messing around
right you just buy it
he's like shut the hell up give me some
water he's a weight you know he's not I
was like he's an old pepper I'm like
wait Fonda way over funds the grandma
she's like eight or nine this guy's a
young buck with the eggplant tail
it sound like a lizard
we're very deprived of any sort of
animals outside of dogs and cats so
anytime I see something like nature
how's that guy doing sleeping yep
enjoying the ocean breeze yep
in the little shade done good boy
there's like a whole family of Gophers
crossing or squirrels or something
that's a lizard that's not a lizard and
these guys are going nuts there's a
whole family of them I think I just
missed it
yeah where do they go
oh there it is did you see that one
there's a bunch of these little
groundhogs or whatever they are whenever
we pass by the South Bay it is a must to
get Krispy Kremes yeah you know what's
funny what we didn't pass by the South
maze we didn't pass by the South big he
made his way out here yes we did go out
of our way but it was still kind of in
the way because it was 30 minutes away
so we got Krispy Kremes baby baby if you
guys don't know a Krispy Kremes are it's
literally the best doughnuts in the
world in the world it melts in your
mouth
oh my God look at this thing I am so
happy so there's only a few of them at
least that I know of in LA and one of
them is out here the other one is out in
City of Industry and they're both kind
of far so whatever we're even in the
near vicinity thank you we try to go to
or try to go to Krispy Kremes Omiya let
me sign this credit card thing real
quick
Krispy Kreme coffee dip that's the one
let's check out the inventory Bob back
oh I'm feeding the boy oh it's kidding
just sorry meanwhile little Tiger got
hungry so murk somewhere at the park a
mob there by some odd bear
that's a mob / had to feed little tiger
some yum-yum's and since this is the
last week of my cheat daddy week I have
to go out with a bang and I got some
hazelnut blended drink with whipped
cream and while my bear feeds Tiger
malaika I'll feed mama oh shit is it
good oh yeah oh yeah that's cuny let's
check out the inventory here cuz uh
let's see what's in here
see do you think it's the glaze on top
so we got so we straight up got two
dozen we don't fuck around and now we
want to save some for next week even
though my daddy wheats gonna end I don't
know I'm gonna manage that but I'll
probably figure it out let's see what's
up top maybe we got this box is crazy
don't make me rip it please why do these
box companies always make me rip it ooh
would be original so you always got to
get a dozen original that's just the way
it works let's just just take a little
bite oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah if you got
a microwave at home and put this thing
for like 10-15 seconds oh my god it just
melts you know mmm how do you just give
me one bite that's fucked up okay so
mean
yo yo oh yeah eat that doughnut drink
that milk like mama like son time for me
to drink my little hazelnut Yeti bet we
can give it back you the one that
couldn't handle it couldn't handle all
that Deon it's all right let's
see--let's in the other one close this
one for a little bit eight seconds
oh shit where does it say that damn box
is not made for one-handed operation Wow
there's a next one let's see you know I
actually have never really had a
flavored Krispy Kreme donut me neither
I always go with original same so this
is the first time this is the first time
for all of us guys oh ho ho ho my keys
which one do you want yeah I see those
gleaming eyes I don't care
I don't want maple bar that's all you I
can't leave you got three of those those
are nasty what that's one of the best
ever you fight well what do you want I
don't know right now i coughing sorry
Dan tada
oh damn oh yeah
yeah it's to two rich tiger as soon as
you get big we're gonna get you one
these guys let's see what should I get
let's get I never tried anything like
this is the New York cheesecake
do you guys are the ones you got a drink
with a black coffee
these ones I like straight out nuts
those yeah I'm gonna go back with the
original Oh God the original I could eat
a whole box of myself in these boxes
I'm not made for one-handed offer you
okay yeah I'm gonna go back to eating
the other ones and I'ma drive home so
mid feeding this guy decided to pee or
poo or something but what I'd like to
point out is if you guys never seen a
newborns belly button the umbilical cord
is still there it's so it's so weird he
looks like half Groot half human
do you hear that you hear him cut it out
and I'd like to point out that we're
changing in the back of the truck I had
to create this little like Sun shield
because it was right on this face and
then I have this portable like changing
pad and I'm gonna put him in one of
these guys it's fucking cute that is
cute but I like that like to focus on
his half Groot freakin umbilical cord is
still yet to try and fall off you should
fall off next week it's like two weeks
for it to fall off can you stop dad when
you grow up a little man you're gonna
see that you're what's half Groot I'm
Groot I didn't care about you
I don't know who the fuck they think we
are but this is not gonna fit his head
his head is massive so what are we gonna
do we do he hasn't even worn it once and
already it doesn't fit him damn it you
want to try at least my fists barely
fits in there my head his head's bigger
than my fist look I'm sorry
babe do you want to try it at least you
think I said no we have another was that
a baseball outfit I think we need these
oh yeah why do you have such a massive
dome in frickin pot and you turn the
fucking camera rod what turn it around
I have it face you know I was going
there this big-ass dome that's why he's
freaking biceps right there I framed it
up damn it I'm sorry baby it's gonna be
a monster we close up he is he's dead
second party okay I'm gonna get him I
don't like my naked baby okay why no I
don't like him naked cold then hurry up
and put that on them I'm trying to but
it's warm in here though it's very woman
you wouldn't be this calm if it wasn't
true yeah he looks so fabulous at this
hand position that way baby oh shit you
just changed him you just changed that's
what he feels about us he's like fuck
your diaper oh my and their pacifier god
there's a mess you know this is
straight-up mess we set all this up the
others blanket when the middle of this
Krispy Kremes parking docks are in the
back we have these awesome smelling
Donuts and his foot just laid a fat
freakin turd smells horrible
now we walk far enough the commotion in
here the freakin commotion what do you
think father do you guys smell that
Dookie what the hell
alright so did you really poop yeah
probably I mean oh it's in there it is
right okay lesson to future parents or
newlyweds there are so many times where
you literally change the diaper and they
immediately go right after I don't know
why it happens a lot
we play JK party and I think one of the
questions that was asked was do babies
use how many diapers a day do they use
and I guess JK party was Anna Christie
now we don't play baby games on JK party
all right I'm Christina's Channel and it
was like I guessed it was 10:00 at all
diapers summer soon in one dive or an
hour and I was actually 20 and now I
know why because it's actually quite
frequent where you have to change that
freakin guy's diaper twice in one hour
these are having a really fun time what
a great day at least all families
together there's nothing more we could
really ask for
are you still pushing you're done dude
he's like proud what are you freaking
proud
look at his face you speaking probably
are proud of yourself baby you're like a
boss like clean me up wow this is what
in the world yes like upper abs holy
shit boss okay come here
I have to get out of the car I want to
show you guys another perspective
because all of the hell is happening
while the dog side of the trunk
outside it just looks bad as like a
monster-truck but inside is all kinds of
chaos it's so funny I just finished
watching Mad Max it's a crazy movie we
had a good time but uh now that Tigers
asleep it's also time for me and Barbara
go to sleep so I'll see you guys
tomorrow good night
