damn this is crazy today is my first day
back at the office doing some regular
people stuff and even though I'm wearing
the same thing I always wear just the
t-shirt and shorts today feels different
because I was able to take a shower and
brush my teeth before I put my clothes
on so even just the order of doing
things changed completely versus the
last week and a half
it's just wake up oh sure what I can eat
put on clothes I might not even have
showered the mat before I've stinky
breath and I go through the whole day
without brushing my teeth cuz I
completely forgot they're so busy but
now I'm today is my first day operating
as a human being because I have a bunch
of meetings lined up for Barbara I just
want to check back in to see everything
is running smoothly because both of the
owners are out you know both me and GRL
on the JK and we still got Joe Joe's
running shit he's killing it but on the
barbell and since both me and Geo which
are both of the owners are out it's
important for at least one of us to come
back in and check up to see how things
are going so I'm coming back again I got
about six meetings lined up from the
executive to corporate to apparel two
productions two events we're still
working on the fit Expo next year so
stay tuned for that if you guys are in
the LA area we will be booting at the LA
Fit Expo and our boots gonna be pretty
sick so also we got a huge rebranding
thing going on with barbells so I gotta
make sure to come in and double-check on
that but this interesting is the first
time I've also come back to the office
on limited sleep like this so we'll see
how I do during the meetings what is
this strange land that I have not seen
in a million years what country in my
end what is going on here
the office that I have not used hmm
desks and furniture have not seen people
I have not seen in a nine years how's it
going tired more people I have not seen
in a million years
oh man rest there now it's been pretty
rough yeah I think uh I don't know if
you have family that have babies but be
ready because so we found out we finally
figured out Tyco schedule and um no no
so we finally we finally figured out
Tiger schedule and no matter what he's
always gonna wake up at 11 1 4 7 Wow no
matter what matter what
no and the part that does change is the
amount of things that we have to do so
sometimes so the minimum would be he
peed in his diaper so you have to change
that that's easy
go back to sleep in 10-15 minutes the
craziest thing we've had is he wakes up
we check his diapers dry so he's hungry
oh cool give him food he eats the food
and then he ends up peeing so we're like
ok cool so we change his diaper but
because we took a little bit longer he
got hungry again
so that would feed him and after we feed
him now his stomach is bloated so he
shits everything out he just ate our you
know cuz like as soon as he gets uh he
starts crying so we have a couple of
tests either look at his diaper or we
stick a nut goal in his mouth that's
what the hospital taught us and if the
minute he latches on he's hungry
if you put in his mouth and he's just
like whatever he doesn't care about it
then he's not really hungry so we do
that he eats he shits everything else
out the diaper that we just changed we'd
have to changing it and it sometimes
that whole process and then also like
you know like consoling him put him back
to sleep
hour and a half so sometimes he wakes up
at 1:00 and then you don't know if he
wakes up at 1:00 if he's gonna go back
to sleep at 1:30 or at 2:30 and that
happens 11 1 4 7 every single time
so there's times like this morning
you're so discombobulated tired I was
like padding around like good boy Isaac
oh shit I think he's the only like JK
baby I know and your mind is just is God
it's like the other day Jo was like hey
can you check up on the puppy and I'm
like oh they're all good they all peed
know it I don't know nothing tiger it's
still pretty hard it's it's pretty hard
yeah so if you can have so Jill's mom
was supposed to be living but Jill's
brother has twins yeah and then since
Jill's brother works in Vegas he's gone
for like 4 days so they need backup like
crazy so if you can get one of your
parents either on whatever side just one
person to come in it really helps out
because even during the day or something
if they could just watch them for three
hours you can feel more recovered for
real
what about other family I was retired
and he went back to work so know exactly
boarded any water you board the king but
now he's working you know yeah but we're
also thing about nannies - for reals
maybe like that overnight nanny and just
set up cameras or something
so I'll do anything weird yeah yeah
that's what to look for - whatever you
do in November Thanksgiving game yeah
well what is your biggest advice for me
my biggest advice coming father
the best advice honestly is whatever
you're doing in terms of work if you
could have someone kind of shadow you
back you up a little bit so that way
when the baby comes you just have to
check in with that person instead of all
the tests yeah so one person has been
helping me out a lot actually been
staying on top of me is you but also
this guy over here Evan he's been
helping me up they show up like Oh
where's this at with the interior
designing Oh where's this at with that
and then like because your head spaces
in somewhere else you know you're like
oh this baby fan this is this and then
you're not for people coming over so
you're constantly getting like you just
come Bob you late it don't be like 7:00
p.m. and then they're like okay cool get
to relax and then like David comes
things have my family comes people come
but then having people to kind of back
you up like if you could pick someone
and it came to back you up a little bit
then you might just have to check in
with them every three days or something
trying to get
with you too because I know I know I'm
so sorry like hey where's this and I
think I sent you like maybe four to six
requests online maybe one of the I know
sorry Martin but I totally get where
you're at with getting sort of shadowy
you into all this stuff cuz I've been
thinking that for like a year on my own
things and yeah and it's also tough just
cuz me and geo are both of the owners
yeah you know we're like JK like I got
Joe got my back yeah so that's a bit
different but when both orders are gone
is like fuck yeah I slept by three hours
so that's actually really good testing 1
2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17
what are we shooting heaven today were
shooting another Perseus corner which is
a secret top secret behind the behind
the scenes behind the scenes we were
supposed to shoot it last week but
there's a baby on the way the baby's
here
but yeah well pretty much just going
over like all the behind-the-scenes
stuff with a brand all the rebranding
and yeah it's just a different
perspective it's like an insider's club
with everything it's people
yeah so if you guys are really if you
guys are really interested in what's
going on behind the scenes of barbell
brigade we started this series
specifically for that for CEOs corner
where we can either me or geo can go in
and break down the happenings of what's
going on and also some insight and some
storylines of why we're doing things
certain ways and most importantly sneak
peeks as to what's to come and you'll
get all of that first on CEOs corner so
it's one of the people that I really
want to get to know the brand and kind
of its kind of like you know when Steve
Jobs used to do as keynote speech in
September to tell you everything that's
to come for next year the new iPhone the
new MacBook whatever this think of this
as a much smaller scale but on a weekly
schedule so you can see all the things
that are going on there we have so many
things with apparel and the gym and
stuff like that
now even at today's meeting I was just
getting caught up with everything and
because the staff is so awesome things
are moving forward the gym is growing
production is growing apparel is growing
everything is going so I'm really really
happy and not too much has been put on
hold just because me and geo are gone so
now we're shooting the CEOs corner and I
think we're trying to make it look in
this episode of heels stay tuned we're
trying to make this look a little bit
more artsy than usual so we're just
fucking around with lights like for
example that is not a film light or we
put that there in just a little bit of
yellow that is a film light and then
this is a random makeup light and then
we turn that sign on to achieve this
random effect so if you looked at my
hand it looks or if you look at that
wall it look there's all this weird
light and you can't really tell but it
gives it this weird look so that's all
we're trying to go after and it's under
some stress on a little tripod yeah why
do you have two cameras what do you mean
why not that one and this one cuz that's
how you're supposed to do it why do you
only have one what do you mean how do
you record with two camera what happens
for anyways it's a tripod but you buy
this on mic here the tripod story let's
see
it says IKEA right there Agata
International Convention for electronic
convention with the cake yes all perfect
see this is how you know your staff is
extremely professional when they use
this as tripods did you learn this in
film school yeah
the most expensive films which one is
that no force okay and then what where
are you gonna put that pull what that
camera in my hand oh okay see now use
two cameras oh nice and this is not even
my laptop this is Evans laptop but for
us do you like bad no no no no no
seriously don't you like that man
Arnie's cool I wouldn't go out of my way
to do anything for him Wow how did you
get this covered then actually I don't
want to scratch the but there's like so
many other we could've got Captain
America or Wolverine
I like the colors but are you a more of
a DC fan or Marvel fat
I'd say tomorrow I just like I think
this DC I appreciate how dark it is but
I just enjoy uh I take that back no no I
definitely like DC better I think I
don't I haven't liked the recent DC
movies like Superman
yeah other sucks but the Christopher
Nolan Batman do you think your son's
gonna be a Marvel or DC but I'm not too
sure what I do know is literally the
first day he came home I played 300
grand so he will at least like violence
what just kidding
yeah it's very important so we have
Evans laptop here because I'm gonna be
going through some of the digital
rebranding stuff so if you guys want to
know what's gonna happen here make sure
you check out that CEOs corner because
our strategy for the whole month is
first we're gonna let people know we are
rebranding and then we're gonna let
people know the digital rebranding and
then we're going to let people know the
merchandising end of it and then finally
with apparel the rebranded apparel with
the launch in October so we will be
launching all of our new rebranding
stuff in October so if you're looking to
get the new new Bardot Brigade stuff
make sure you go to bottle EUCOM and
check that out but it's time to film
them just wrapp all my means
I get to finally go home and I get to
drive my dad car which always feels
awesome you guys want to hear me fart
real quick
lunch
I love taking this car for like a foot
spin here and there just get it a little
bit of gas
it just feels like you have a roller
coaster
in the palms of your hand
and it just feels awesome but of course
I never drive like that with
in the car and I can't wait to go home
Tyco I love you daddy's coming home see
you later
guess who's the big teeny to come and
greet me
mama bear potato I miss my family thank
you
there's a bird the bird is fighting the
world keeps fighting itself this bird is
crazy
yeah P Emma beat up that mirror this
guy's crazy what in the world he's
relentless it keeps going and going up
go ahead what better get closer to this
guy don't fly away keep fighting herself
damn he's still fighting himself this is
crazy pretty serious who's gonna keep
fighting yourself buddy oh my god this
guy still fighting himself he is okay
finally did we have visitors
you guys want to hear a funny story okay
so uh last night while I was burping
tyka I was so discombobulated cause it's
like 3:00 a.m. that as I was I pat him
on the back I was like good boy
Isaac good boy Jill is like wait what
and I was like oh shoot cuz Isaac's like
the first JK baby so he's so used to
calling his name then I was like good
boy Isaac is like what the hell let me
know if you think Tiger changed or not
yes yeah he changes all the time look at
the baby yeah he's a little baby
this is the first child teca's men I
think so I think so actually
oh yeah yeah yeah true who are you his
head got bigger
he got longer oh yes his head looks more
regular rounded out yeah yeah and then
his uh his face is a little bit more
defined now yes it was more a week old
now you know we go by best yeah I just
no three-hour like the Dean has been an
awesome non living in with us roommate
during this whole pregnancy because the
Dean has been the best caretaker for
meatloaf ever because he had the whole
boo-boo at this Hale he's been taking
meatloaf to the doctors and he's the
best uncle every day snatch oh look at
little stubby pal
put it uh the best say about him today
oh there's anything cuz he just yeah
he's been going crazy yes
yeah he's all like too excited like when
he was driving the car
yeah he was jumping from the back seat
to the front seat and kept nipping
buddies you miss miss being with them
and then yeah he's good though I mean he
keeps crying oh yeah yeah okay thanks
that's okay gotta go back to training
now so I came back home just trying to
rush training real quick to start the
bond with my friends only have a couple
sets left so I'm just trying to pain
that off got my knee sleeves on
squatting over here and I'll tell you
but notice the team pulling over the
first place it's busy but trying to get
dad done daddy's doing done I'm so
discombobulated I'm trying to get
fathering done business bossing owning
them and then also athlete's working out
dinner this is so cool as I've been
training more and more people have been
showing up to check out tiger and Tiger
just has such a loving family and I'm so
happy for that let's check it out
thank you yeah wash your belly while you
watch for I assume beep cry like every
time whereas I has a lot of hair just
see all the pubic hair yes it's pretty
crazy so I guess hair never mooses
I can see what you mean
good really super protective so speaking
like she's like watching all of you guys
I notice she's usually China
