my hair is flowing like crazy ever since
my boy Tiger came home I haven't had a
chance to get a haircut and all we've
been doing is round-the-clock taking
care of them and today I'm really
excited because it's his first bath at
home that is that big ass huh it's not a
towel we've got a sponge and we got some
soap and shampoo I'm got little tubs we
cannot do a full submersion back yet
because of his umbilical cord it's still
there you have to wait till it's dried
and completely fallen off before you
could do a full submersion math so today
we're just gonna do a sponge bath and
we're really excited because he hasn't
had one since he came home and newborns
are not supposed to give him that many
baths their skin so sensitive you want
to wipe off all that moisture can you
help my bare Baptist sure I don't know
maybe I don't got this what's amazing is
even though he hadn't had a Baptist
still smells really good smothered a
baby
he pooped so we have to clean that at
least wipe him down you can't just make
that part of the bath and then just have
poop water well I was just use this I'll
just squirt it on his ass and then uh it
should be fine I still want that go wipe
up some sorry I mean the other wipes
yeah
okay we're wrapping them back up because
I and I need warm water I thought you've
been running the water I did
Oh everybody a little to no sleep so we
went to this one place yesterday we're
running both oh my god we're tired
that's why don't me just throw some of
the baby watching yeah know what we're
gonna do is one thing you talk to you
about I just want to use my stuff okay
like body wash and then seal it with
spot yeah let's take this body all right
trying to get the perfect nderful then I
can't handle that
so what I was saying was
we're so because we were going back to
the same position that we went the day
before and we got lost we could even get
there yeah that was funny we were like
wait we know it's a dozen Tina but where
is it and we were in the car moving
we're like fuck where is this place
yeah well I'm here we're just here
yesterday what the hell so we're running
on no sleep
it's it's pretty difficult it's been
really really fun tag has been awesome I
could see him grow right in front of my
eyes and poop right in front my eyes -
MPP MPP is he peed on you yet no all the
time no tyka see that's that little
umbilical cord thing about still has to
dry off one more week to go I put this
rubber rubber band wow this yeah cuz it
was skiing and it got harden it was
irritating his little tummy but this
thing is rock hard
okay all right it'll take a monster
I gotta get your ass clean first excuse
me oh do you want me to put one tub of
water one type of subsets let me do that
I just sucked in your mint I'll take it
over a guy used to be the one that
washed with dogs all the time so I'm
really good at this kind of stunts uh
not the same thing okay but I'm gonna do
one tell the soap says that but it's
cold in here
give me a sec can you watch him all
right you know close the door yeah close
because he's warm and I can feel the air
it's really important that you stay all
right I'm gonna sell to the other that
tub sighs oh look at his toes little
toes of candy
we like that you get a couple of it
all right so we can't record this mark
is gonna show his wiener okay if I keep
it up here this I don't want to show
have you didn't give me consent but it
was okay to show but your Asgardians you
could sign off for him uh no me and I
haven't had that conversation yet oh did
you guys see our toes this is gonna be
tight goes back there and put little
animals here elephant lion just so could
match his nursery which we haven't used
yet he's not hold enough but this is the
wall that he decorated remember this has
all these little animals bears all kinds
of stuff and he's not ready to use this
yet but I think in about six to eight
months he will be yep at the rate that
he's growing maybe into much he's run a
lot there's a kids ball I've ever seen
you know it's funny my mom saw his nut
sacs and the moms like oh it's not a
fluke just like yours
at what age I don't know his balls are
pretty big though hey meatloaf so if
you'd be okay
big cutie all right all right so Claude
doesn't eat over because he's so
confident I'm like all right I'm gonna
get that foam peanut butter I bought it
specifically I am sorry take oh we don't
know what the hell we're doing baby I'm
sorry okay we're figuring it out with
you show me this funny ass observation
about just pablor's and infants that I
thought was hilarious a newborn is the
fact that their head with it says it's
as wide as the shoulder with the sock so
I bought this
because I care about him but I knew that
I'm touching all kinds of hard surfaces
so put this here you peed on me
are you laughing
cuz you just pissed every this is all
piss oh shit it's dad we gotta change
everything
yeah hold on him see I got this bunch
my name isn't guess first time touching
hard surfaces this is a little fast but
I get the blame again yeah how soft it
is yeah there we go
okay cool
damn your dad is killing the game we're
just putting water on him so how come he
wasn't crying when the other lady was
doing it that's really soft let me see
it's crazy can you see my hand oh yeah
that's really soft
how am I gonna do his back watch his
head and the faucet oh yeah okay fine
sorry you're submerging in too much baby
else immersion oh this is by definition
not submerging okay fine
oh hey squeeze in this but just the way
his dad doesn't it we got options at
this point
his body's pretty much clean do you want
to do the hospital method and do shampoo
or do you want to just use this and he
said Oh what do you want what do you
want uh I just you make the call I'm
vlogging you make the call I'm too
nervous to make the call
finally already simply fruity sell
another just don't get in his eyes
please I know you think I usually know
cheer for with you but okay fine what
the cleaners ears to provide good boy
the boy you're a good boy I said that's
it oh my god it's not that big
don't eat dilute it is it comfortable
yeah yeah you look so cute that's
fucking cute no so much doesn't need
that much are you gonna take it off now
take I'm so sorry we don't know what
we're doing
fuck it
this is a dad method I know I'm sorry
we're fucking dumb your parents are
stupid my boy I'm sorry he loves it
yeah the Christ tell me so
oh wait wait I have something don't use
that oh yeah yeah yeah I have something
hold on wait you gotta look he knows
he's wearing the duck now so he doesn't
mind it how's that hi
okay Piper ducky yeah you want to pee on
your dad again you can you have my
permission okay my boy will be my
beautiful boy yes an eyewitness close
your eyes please
hi my boy hey darlin
mmm nice not quite hello baby duckie
okay we gotta put his diaper on oh that
little fussing for what now you look so
happy it's super cute you look super
cute now you look super cute now
all right let's shake him
what are we taking them to the bedroom
so we can get changed came to Bethany
Wow look at all this shit we needed to
get the job done this is ridiculous baby
had a good time we don't know what we're
doing clearly oh man we're learning
we're learning as we go
I'm sure our parents like the same shit
oh this place smells good
whoo tyke are you going on a date
tonight you but oh my god why does it
look like a forget the model and yeah
yeah good gentlemen his hair looks so
soft now turn from a grease monkey to
gentlemen yeah but is he supposed to get
a haircut whenever we want him to oh no
you're not good hell no you're gonna
look like a girl
do you people like your daughter so
pretty I'm like it's a boy
well cut his hair fuck no mind your
business look at this Bart there's so
much hair I wish you guys could smell
him right now he smells like coconut and
it's so smooth my baby is smooth hi my
boy this might be too big cause it's for
a three-month-old I just read it oh it's
three months not even zero to three no
it's just straight up three but he is
pretty big so if my you could fold this
part only fingers bows have five okay
cool
it's the 90s anyways so she'd be a bit
bigger the 90s what I mean
oh the nineties styles and I don't
dislike everyone the 90s contracting the
ones meant baggy clothes yeah he feels
good you feel clean hot baby oh I'm so
happy for you
congratulations you survived mommy and
daddy bath time yes first bath ever sure
you put these little things on his ends
yes his hands I know but he just looks
like Missy Elliott your references are
so old one Jesus that's when they were
they smell so good
grandpa came to visit look at it how
handsome you have even combed his hair
ooh what a gentleman let go boy good job
mama thank you so it was super fun give
me take that bath but it's not all fun
and games cuz now is the cleanup time
but all these grooming supplies got
throw out the trash we pulled all this
stuff I have to go in the bathroom and
we left the big old mess and good thing
grandpa did come by cuz now I can keep
him occupied
well I picked up this trash on the floor
that I just tossed on the ground and
also just these random buckets I'm just
laying everywhere
that's probably sure probably got a
squeeze this out dump that out dump that
out organize it so it can be used again
and about probably 5 5 - there's seven
days that's what the doctor says so
that's I'm going to do since tyke has
been born I have not been on a diet
week and what Dad week means is in that
week it is scientifically proven that
the dad has to eat as many calories as
possible to stay fit and to be
responsible and to be able to transfer
that energy into the baby and because of
that my dad week is gonna come to an end
because next week I'm gonna jump back on
a diet and you know be the strongest dad
that I can be but in the meantime I'm
gonna make freakin myself a little snack
a little snack platter if you will so I
have a couple of Reese's peanut butter
cups a couple of Milano cookies from
over there and a couple of Kit Kats in a
little bit of salt and vinegar chips
just a nice little healthy dad week
platter here and then I'm gonna top that
off with some milk and I'm gonna go sit
on the couch and relax with my family
you guys want to see my view of what I
love to attempt so this is what I love
doing some every single day like this
and then I go that look that looks like
is like this it goes and then I go and
then I go hey you grumpy now Dan Cho
though you just dog me I like the way
you look at him
that's such loving eyes it's my son yes
the boxes fell over oh the trash outside
damn it's alright so I try to stack the
trash can but I think I messed up so I
saw the wind probably blew let me fix
the settings since we're always ordering
like baby products you always have a ton
of crap mainly boxes so
step on the spots we got this is burning
my feet but yeah put it on top of here
but I guess the wind blows it I don't
know what else to do with it okay gonna
have all these little things I'm a burn
and two more things put it in here take
the last box
put it right yeah cool hopefully that
holds but that's my dad version of
making sure all the trash can fits back
there going in with my baby what do we
have here
I grew up with this smells bomb what is
it
and what is that it's just like pasta
like like seashell but there it's not
real seashells or just pasta shape into
seashells
is this considered Mexican pasta or is
it more Italian is Mexican
oh my mom just makes it I don't know
Mexican do you put uh cheese on top
oh oh you know I am hmm
are you gonna put cheese on it you dig
our way like 50 pounds sorry
there'll be kidding me oh hell yeah
onions thanks MA mom I'm a bear always
makes the best food and let's see if we
got some much Monterey do we have a
month sorry yeah okay sorry yes okay yes
that looks delicious
okay thank you awesome sweetie thank you
thanks mama mmm finally found some time
to Train but I have to share with you
guys the full picture because this is
super duper tuning we got the whole
family here we got the fur babies we got
grandma fair knitting we got mom fair
working and we even have this little guy
about to knock out listening to some
good all these having a good time while
I train and we're gonna spend the rest
of the afternoon like this
are you looking at me with the stink-eye
grandma
what do you think bringing
this is actually a really good practice
for him before gym life he's completely
knocked out the music's blasting and
it's pretty loud in here like just the
way metal reacts a lot if i unlock this
it snaps pretty loud
he's still out I pull this thing off and
let's see I take this thing off seam I
take it off on one end but she just kind
of hard let me put this here I'll take
this thing off with one hand I mean
either two hands there that's pretty
loud and then I put it here and I go
it's loud
that's so awesome he's already getting
prepared for that gym life so he could
take him to farm up again you can just
hang out everyone's going happy just
Sweetman dinner time and we switched
chefs it's my turn grandma bear left she
got tired and I think our dinners really
really cuny what do you think I think
it's awesome so grandma bear made the
soup yep um and then we have meat from
what is it a weekend if we have a meat
from like three days ago right here so
we pretty much repurpose that BBQ meat
that we had through some cheese on it
made Meletis out of it and also I was
creating pokey for a long time because
they can have rockfish so of course I
had to get a raw fish but I had to
postmates it and then unfortunately the
restaurant I got it from wasn't that
good so I was like ha bury me give it
twist and then he took out literally all
the meat that was in here uh no
shoutouts to the restaurant formal yeah
and then he mixed it himself so we'll
just use the sushi rice as a rice yeah
you made this japanese-style cucumber
which is pretty bad so when you guys
used to watch a vlog at least go to
Shinsengumi all the time this is a must
hop order and if I Kissimmee oil white
pepper garlic salt and fish flakes so I
made that so we have some greens and
then I repurposed this pokey put a
little bit of ginger sesame oil memy soy
sauce white pepper chili flakes so
everything is pretty much left overs but
it looks really good and it's cool to
eat all kinds of food have Japanese
Hawaiian of Mexican and we're just all
here just hanging out having a good time
even tiger join the party and then we're
able to clean out our fridge instead of
buying keep buying more stuff we're able
to just clean out our fridge and have a
really awesome cuny meal so me moppet
and taiko we're gonna have a very cuny
three-way little family of dinner right
now and we'll catch you guys tomorrow
bye if the worst face ever oh shit he's
awake
