good morning guys it is 4 a.m. in the
morning and I'm still in bed and that's
because my breasts doing an amazing job
being a mama she's up and rocking a
little typing asleep what did you do
exactly I was like going in and out of
sleep I'm not talking to me
yeah and that's since we've been keeping
her home with his painting he eats every
two to three hours so when I started
hearing that nice like okay it's time to
feed so I just woke up guys food already
what's your tired when you hear it so
when you hear him call like a drum your
motherly instincts just makes you get
out of bed yeah I don't want him to cry
not because I don't want to hear him cry
just don't want him to have to get to
that point when he's so stressed out he
has to cry for help
so those little murmurs and stuff I was
here am i okay he's ready to eat to feed
so then I just got the bomb already and
then when I started here become louder
and more frequent right before he was
about to cry bottom out fed him he ate
like a champ
and then kind of was watching his
behavior again and he was about to cry
on my oh let me check his diaper so I
set him down I was just talking to him
rubbing his legs burning his feet and
little better I would undress him no so
he can kind of get used to the climate
in here because he's swaddled up so he's
really warm yeah I want it to be
shocking
talk for a little bit and then I slowly
changed his diaper he didn't even
realize and then now we're here there's
a grand yet that's so cute
she had a pleasant experience
that's okuni cuz the whole time opera
didn't even wake me up either she was
just doing that all by herself doing a
good job man she woke up on my own but I
think I just felt something I'm like oh
hey babe do you need help
she's like no it's okay I got it then
she covered me keep sleeping which I
really appreciate
potatoes we can just leave it leave the
camera on him and he'll do all the faces
those eyebrows some luck you do my daddy
duties and go back to sleep
thanks mama
Olivia
he's out cold but it's like getting
cried once
so it's 4:20 a.m. now I'm gonna sleep so
if all goes well he should sleep in like
three hours so the next time we wake up
we should be 7 a.m. and then I'll wake
up and maybe you could sleep out there
yeah we'll see mission complete yes I
like that you're in the Lama bit sugar
he's comfy
goodnight
so we thought it was mission complete
and mob
an hour later Marva just found out that
little guys hungry
I'm sure I'm not sure which is crazy
because you had a big old meal trade 35
milliliters but it could be he's just
grown like that fastest appetizer huge
oh I think he is hungry the minute that
my hair feeds him he's like mm-hmm
that's what I want he's a hungry hippo a
big hungry hippo that's crazy
Danny's a champ
and he checked this diaper and it wasn't
wet No oh wow check the temperature he's
fine whoa really
this was to eat Vicky Annie was so
surprised he had like the whole almost a
whole bottle the last hour Wow damn he's
gonna be six feet tall by Tiny's five
that's all you holy shit boy
you're just tears poor guy
it was so hungry what the hell he loves
it good boy Anka
welcome to Parenthood really dude
hey mister smiling you little smaller
baby teeny baby what a good boy what's
dead the camera the camera so we're up
now it's nice and bright out of the tube
between me and Geo
I was definitely the one that got more
sleep cuz Margret covered the night
shift so now I'm covered the day shift
and Barbra was taking a little nap right
there do you feel a little bit more
well-rested
no why don't you sleep in the guest room
so you could get better rest
Wow okay
don't follow me what so grandma came and
she's about to make magic again she
brought beans salsa bit chilly fresco
canola oil onions meat cheese ooh
carrots this is like Mexican kimchi
right here I wish you could eat all this
stuff but you can't yet you have to
stick to formula one big update this
little guy's a freaking monster now so
his formula at the hospital they're
saying he should only be drinking like
15 to 20 milliliters but after every
time we feed him that much he is always
still wanting so much more I'm smiling
again cutie
he uh he always wants so much more fun
yeah oh wait is not a shots a little
freaking dirtbag so um we've been trying
to give him a little bit more here and
there and we slowly built it up to 40
milliliters which is pretty much the
whole bottle so he drinks the whole
bottle now and he's not
a week old that's the whole bottle right
there he's not a week old
this guy he's gonna either gonna be a
freakin sumo wrestler or he's gonna be
done or miss so my mom just came and she
brought all kinds of stuff like that's
kind of big oh that's perfect oh that
was a tiger tiger
nice little baseball outfits we have so
many clothes there are so many clothes
yeah we have so many clothes yeah it's
the hospital policy but we have a lot of
clothes at home but this is still good
you can never have too many cars yeah
yeah that's close right now okay
thanks mama my man that's awesome he's
born in the early Earth Day that's
awesome Wow how many did you buy that's
a lot oh yeah yardage so much cost
oh that's cool you can check you that
diaper yeah oh yeah
yeah and the way oh yes oh yeah for the
winner that works yeah yeah yeah oh oh
long sleeves yeah oh don't scratch his
face okay close thank you my mom I know
it's a vegetarian you only know a cook
plant okay okay time to eat we got
Tories all with potatoes and egg here
frijoles and then we got some carrots
time for yummy time so down to Grandma's
watching over little tyke a little rice
ball that's Uncle Joe cause you Uncle
Joe's here that visit because you have a
meeting waiting for Casey so we cut the
meeting short a little bit today so I
could spend more time with this guy so
only meaning from 1:00 to 3:00 so that
this guy can have more more daddy time
hi yeah we just took like a quick 20
minute nap taking advantage of the
grandma's here yeah
probably wakes up Gio more than me yeah
but woke up Gio probably like at least a
good three or four times anything yeah
yeah yeah like now I feel like I think
the best way to describe it cuz like I
think everyone always they go good luck
now you don't have any sleep or whatever
the best way to describe it is you know
your cell phone's gonna die yeah and I
think you're always bouncing
one and two bars so I didn't know what
that felt like before but then now I'm
like oh shit I tore that we went to yeah
oh yes left 48 out like we slept 8 hours
within a one-week period yeah it's like
that it's like that's the craziest I've
ever experienced it's like you're on
constant jetlag yeah that's what it
feels like oh you're tired too you can't
be tired on sleeping all the time
we try to we try to walk them and get
more Sun on them but he still knocks out
we try to give him yeah he'll go like
and it makes a little funny noises time
to set up our writing meeting space
I have everything stored here so we got
chance and then I have our little mini
table that we fold out when we double as
our conference table
oh speaking of writing KC ative Jones
inside ready both of my both of our
parents are inside - yeah that's awesome
yes I gotta pull out this table and you
know what see I'm really happy about is
that Tiger has so many loving aunts and
uncles already like it's just not only
does he have our immediate family which
is already so much love but he also has
the immediate jkm Bardolph family and
man he's gonna he's such a lucky guy
he's gonna have so much love around him
and I feel so happy for him because I
grew up an only child and my parents are
divorced so I grow pretty lonely and by
myself all the time
and to know that he has a complete
opposite up upbringing
where people are gonna buy him all kinds
of gifts take them to places it makes me
feel really really good just finished
our Ryder meeting and what really good
made a lot of progress and
I can honestly say I think the funniest
scene in the movie we wrote today so
when you guys watched the movie listen
to what I'm saying and go okay I was a
funny scene now you know exactly when
and where we wrote it and I think we did
a really great job
now all times to spy on the people
inside the house to see what they're
working on oh it's a baby factory in
here that's Christopher you're a baby
factory oh there's another baby factory
you know what's crazy I have never ever
felt like a minority in my own house I
am a minority here Hey oh yeah we got to
sleep together you know that this house
has been overtaken by Mexicans oh we got
sticks together Casey no our number hey
Christopher hey Lonnie
hey you little cuties so we're having
like a little family bonding time
everyone's making some food we're gonna
enjoy ourselves and eat and have a
barbecue what kind of magic are you
making ma no mushrooms
what oh yeah that dogs also Mexican I
forgot it's a Mexican Shepherd
well Tito and grandma are inside cooking
up a storm I'm helping out out here
working on some barbecue I think over
here we've got some carne asada which
smells really good and then we got some
seasoned short ribs here which also
looks really really good meanwhile we
have to keep all the dogs outside today
because meatloaf has that big old comb
and he just bulldozers like crazy and
since you have a packed house we have
two kids and three babies and a ton of
adults we don't want them knocking
everyone over so we're keeping the dogs
outside for a bit and it's so funny
because I think they've turned into
inside dogs that they feel so
uncomfortable they all three want to go
in as soon as they can and you would
think animals would like the Sun but for
them they're like no it's the Sun but
sorry guys you guys have to stay out
here for a little bit cuz you guys are
knocking everything over oh I love that
sound it smells good oh yeah
lunch time I know you got the boob
earlier can't show that how he did did
you like it um I don't know he just
latches on fast and just those hand are
you able to tell how much he got no huh
there's no internal gauges I thought you
had like you could tell how many
millimeters he sucked out no not quite
program like that it's yummy huh that
looks very yummy FQ eyes
Nilo feet I like all those feets put get
me as comfortable good it seemed really
slow
yes oh sure no he sped it up now
pounding that thing huh yeah earlier he
was born slow pounding you're like a
frat boy it's so peaceful when you eat
it makes me happy to look at him mm-hmm
you stopped just holding it now he's
just looking at you holding it oh now he
started again yeah I meant the dog about
tech barking what do you guys are done
we have the blackout shades on the hell
you guys barking at out there what are
you guys barking at damn it I can't see
it and my camera settings blown up bonds
on the freakin flowerbed day the first
one you freaking little animal what are
you doing up there
troublemaker it's so funny I was coming
down this next and then me and tio are
doing the exact thing dude this is that
guy has a bigger bottle there's a
smaller model was the exact same thing
go bad life Hey
can't my Navarre vagina okay our work is
done thank you
Wow who's that movie star what what
happened oh there we go okay now who's
the music they forgot to do a sound
check at this concert Wow
nice
oh then front row start dancing
