good morning everyone today is our first
morning back with tyka and everything
that we planned for the house in terms
of the baby setup has already started to
change so first of all we brought the
bassinet upstairs and downstairs and we
realized we probably need another one we
had this diaper changing room in his
actual room but then we also realized
that he's too little to be in a room by
himself so we are sleeping with the
bassinet so we can keep tabs on them any
time of day in the middle of the night
and so we moved the changing station
downstairs because we do need a change
in station as we've been changing it on
the counter which is kind of cold
yeah like twice and we're like that
might be too cold for them even though
he's in like this super fleece blanket
so it's pretty cool like what they say
is true whatever you think you know
throw it out the window cuz once reality
hits you're gonna completely adjust so
game plan for today I'm gonna try to buy
another bassinet and buy a few other
things and things that have come in
handy is actually this but then we also
got the new or not even the new new the
old old Jill's mom taught us about this
technique so all you future parents out
there we fill this up with warm water so
instead of using this warm wet wipes
theme which we thought was a really good
idea cuz it's technology and technology
is always the best but sometimes the
old-school techniques are even better
you fill this up with warm water we lift
up his leg and you can just literally
squirt the poo off without smearing it
and it feels really good to him I think
he feels like he's peeing on himself so
we have this setup there's just so many
so many things to learn and we're so
happy that we have so many moms and dads
and family
around us and so far Greggy and Fon are
really curious they always like try to
stick the little snout out like this
smell that little baby smell and I don't
even know if meatloaf knows there's
another creature in the house he just
completely ignores them which is awesome
because he's the one that we were the
most scared of because we know his past
history with small creatures Lapras
getting ready to make a little bit of
breakfast are you gonna make how do you
feel mama how does it feel to be back
hot as your body peeling all that stuff
it feels good to be back he feels even
better to have to type that out in the
healthy in bed um my body hasn't
recovered at all so I just need to be
like laying out a little bit more
resting a little bit I'm still really
exhausted but I think just a happiness
of having him here us being home you
know our friends looking at him and
meeting him for the first time that's
that over powers just how should I yeah
yeah but it's been good poppers been
killing the game thank you um he went
into dad mode immediately as you guys
been watching in the vlogs he just took
over the vlogs he would let me sleep let
me rest and recover and he was like
feeding changings
um dealing with the fussy baby is
awesome so he helped a lot and then as
soon as we came home our friends
decorated you - oh yeah I showed him
that yesterday yeah yeah like so
overjoyed and overwhelmed oh my life is
and that's you guys on Instagram and you
guys went buck wild and we're so happy
for us and that even like added to
everything else that's been amazing so
it's been a really really cool times
yeah you're not we're not sleeping much
but whatever all sleep
I never understood the saying like you
know how sometimes you meet dad's you
know like you're getting sleep last
night especially I was in the military
and the the dads had KITT all dads have
kids but when the Marines had kids it
but I slept a good four hours I'm like
do not be dying but because of the
amount the craziness that we went
through the last couple days at the
hospital last night
Tyko was an angel and we put him to bed
at 1:00 and or like almost 2:00 and he
didn't wake up until 6:00 so when I woke
up I was like oh my god oh really so you
were just taking care of him yeah
that's probably what you felt but I've
slept yeah I snuck a good four hours and
I've never felt this refreshed after
sleeping for hours so I think what
happens is you have that your normal
baseline with just like eight to ten
hours or whatever and then so when
you're not getting that and you'd only
sleep six and if you're horrible I think
now my baseline is two hours so now that
I'm able to sleep for I'm like oh my god
I slept in so I might be aging a
ton in the next we look young but then I
think we're gonna end up aging like a
but true true like he's crying or not
like oh maybe because we're new but I
think we're just so we've been wanting
this so we knew what kind of came with
the territory
you knew it wasn't gonna be like alright
it's lights out at nine o'clock alright
let's sleep before the eight hours and
whatever so one thing I'm really proud
of is so you have to keep track of the
baby's eating habits and pooping and
diaper changing habits to make sure that
they're eating enough each time and also
that they're digesting it so they're
letting it out and so we keep track of
it on this little post-it note but if
you look over here he was eating 15 15
25 25 and this morning at 7 a.m. a
whopping 35 and yeah he hasn't spat it
up so he did a really great job I'm so
proud of him this guy is a little
monster and he loves to eat so he was
able to hold it down and he hasn't had
in digestion yet so I'm really happy and
we put him out here so he can get a
little bit of Sun and we don't want to
get too much Sun because the skin is
brand-new but we do want them to start
absorbing like all the vitamin D and all
the Sun lights they can grow up to be a
strong healthy baby so proud of you
ready
that smells delicious
okay what's the secret keep the peanut
butter in the cupboard so it doesn't get
all hard oh yeah versus the fridge right
yeah versus afraid to keep the jam in
the fridge so it's always who doesn't
are you a toaster or are you not a
toaster toaster always is toasted for
sure and I'm I'm a spread it to every
corner that's how I am too you know
actually I do it a different way ever
since I was a kid since the crust is the
hardest I always put the most Jam in the
most peanut butter around the edges hard
Oh hardest to eater hardest both I just
I don't like crust as a kid I love crust
now but as a kid I liked it oh man that
looks delicious
yeah okay it's al dente al dente oh the
moment of truth oh yeah that sounds
amazing
and and another trick is you have to get
it super chunky not that creamy
you gotta get the peanuts in there and
you can put more peanut butter than
Charlie like there's five of the
originals now to be equal there q me
thanks
I can't wait to make that for Tiger huh
whoa I put on tightest favorite movie so
you can get a really good education of
the world and his favorite movie it's
300 so he can learn to be a Leonidas
warrior meanwhile Martha is learning how
to use the breast pump really so um it's
not intuitive no um this seems pretty
intuitive to her that's a funny picture
they really make sure it's like that
what's like a band oh yeah is it's
pretty intuitive like bring out the best
part you can kind of figure it out but
um yeah I want to eventually did I ever
talk about how bad he sucks I think so
yeah you did yeah so he's it's been a
really hazy couple of days this morning
I used the wrong coffee filter to make
coffee I used the one that's supposed to
be for that for my single sir so where
our days are kind of messed up we
haven't slept but you I think you did I
think I was telling him how he sucks so
hard her nipples are bleeding right now
so you have to keep him on formula
meanwhile you're going to use the breast
pump to give him natural milk for your
nipples arrest doctor's orders
cuz I know there's a lot of 12 year old
doctors out there though hey what are
you doing
it was doctor's orders for her to have a
24-hour break but keep going yes so yeah
so I at that time I've only used the
breast pump once and that was
at the hospital with their pump but now
I have my own and I'm trying to figure
it out so yes I don't know what so I'm
gonna probably turn to the manual which
I never look at is that a machine in
that bag what's in that bag yeah
so this is the actual pump okay I'm
gonna attach these are the breasts well
and then the little hose so - it'll suck
here and then I just clamp it to my
nipple and it slowly just suctions just
stimulate the the nipple so that it
stimulates the production of boobie milk
and then I have regular milk to give him
cuz I hate every time we have to give
him formula it breaks my heart a little
bit
I hate it why don't I just suck on your
titties I'm so good at it it's
stimulating you're not Vegas you suck
heart he sucks part of the new butt oh
sure really damn okay like father like
said it's okay just thinking about it I
want it oh sorry yeah this thing is so
funny so while we're at the hospital
Madra has to take a little lesson from
the lactation expert or consultant or
specialty nurse and I was I don't know
but I was working on packing stuff and
as soon as I turn around I see mom there
with both of these things on her nipples
and when this thing is working its
pulsating so it's like sucking on the
titty like this and it would just look
so funny cause it was like a factory
like and it looks like two air horns
stuck on my bears like this it looks so
funny it was just sucking like an
invisible man was just like oh it's just
like an invisible person was just
sucking so you just see my nipple like
yeah it was so funny ever so lightly it
was so funny cuz I was like slightly
turned on you were but it's also like
looking at a science experiments all I
don't even know what to make of it yes
kind of weird oh can you fill up those
little bottles
well yeah essentially it is Hisle areas
it looks like an air horn
what's funny is at night we have to
freakin put Micah in the craziest
swaddle of his life
yeah and he's fighting to get it off and
right now he has zero swaddle on I
barely touched the blanket underneath
him and he is not he has not moved once
yeah it's been like I think an hour or
two I mean he's gonna be hungry in like
an hour yeah
the CUNY boy because it sinks in the
middle
yeah like hunts him so he can't really
believe so much but it's not good to you
move for the first time sorry bro
meanwhile it's time for me to Train
while my Barrett is breast pumping i'ma
get some bicep pumping going on this is
the dad version of a breast pump and I
haven't trained in like three or four
days my body feels all out of whack
haven't slept I was rolling out for 30
minutes just to get like my joints and
my bones and muscles like an ox back in
the right places and still got to keep
at it you know you got to be able to not
let one thing that life holds you back
from the other things you want to
accomplish in life
so here's 335 hopefully I get it if not
the motivation would be I don't have a
spot so I have to get 335 this is my top
single for the day
good was awesome I honestly have no idea
if I was gonna hit it or not I'm a knew
I was gonna complete it it's not that
heavy 335 but I didn't know if I was
gonna grind it or who's gonna be smooth
and that was very very smooth
come on record any of the other work
y'all because I only have an hour ceefor
have to go back to do it daddy do need
some commenting on the workout go back
inside and it feels good to actually
sweat finally and I always like getting
in a workouts way after I feel
discombobulated because I feel like it
just bounces out things how am i normal
is done so I'll go back inside as soon
as I'm dead right back to Daddy a really
good workout so far sweating my ass off
as you can see I got one more superset
left
time to go back inside
Oh pause the garage door it's y'all
mother's day
who feels nice and cool in here how's
everything mama he loves you so calm
next to you oh I saw Mike that wake you
up his eyes are getting bigger I can see
little double eyelids for me it's not as
stinky as before he wants to eat more
yeah and you guys slow down a little bit
so this one is pacifier
it's such a good mama this is
straight-up war seats that's awesome my
little warrior type cut the king of the
Bell well I'm gonna take a nap now I
could take over get a good like two
three hour nap in no taiga is the best
sleep forever he's sound asleep while
the craziest movie is going on this is
some sort of like I don't like Greek
mythology marathon on this channel right
now and he's getting his dose of of
warrior ISM how was your little nap that
feel good that's awesome so happy that
you're well rested thank you
when uh I just taking a nap I had Tyco
on my belly and I really liked holding
him because I can feel my body heat
suiting him so when he's like aw like
Restless when he when he lays on me he
just feels good he just knocked the F
out look you just I'm so knocked out
what a cutie and then I I just
transferred him over here cuz I gotta
get some work done and grandma bear came
through because she's gonna cheat or she
already did but she made us some
authentic Mexican food and her cooking
his bomb she made chilaquiles with some
frijoles which is beans
brought over some tamales chopped up
some onions there's even more if we need
some this is gonna be a delicious
breakfast so which means I gotta stay
that much more on top of training this
week or else I don't get fat but I can't
wait to eat because grandma bear is
really really good at cooking on
meatloaf
neither guy little never tasted Mexican
food before mob bears going back to her
Mexican roots adding the finishing
touches ever
what does that call I use this cheese I
thought that cheese that looks so bomb
yeah if I didn't know that grandma bear
made it I would have said whoa that is
amazing yes she knows yeah she knows how
to make it you're not going to see it's
amazing it is no no amazing that you
made it
oh that I mean it yeah yeah I know how
to make cheese necklace this is bomb
there's sour cream on there too and the
- all that fat I lost it's gonna come
back in dad yeah what else I'm sorry
I love the leaves what we've done with
the house so before it was a really nice
beautiful home like I already loved it
but now that we have the baby stuff and
they like stuffed animals everywhere I
love it even more
yeah so first it was just like a nice
contemporary home and then now we're
trying to make it really fun for tyka we
put this little koala bear that
demigoddess here so that when we're
changing his diaper he's gonna have
company and then we put that bear over
there so if he looks in that corner he's
gonna have a good time and then we put
that alligator on that speaker something
looks over there isn't have a good time
yeah and the most beautiful grandma in
the world right there if you're only two
years younger I thought you were like 28
okay
time to eat all my dear Lord it's more
like poop earlier but it's not real poop
it's monk just like a trash can but it
could be the dog food
oh is it Oh Indian food
okay oh it's right there something felt
funky for some reason how is it bomb oh
yeah
mommy need to eat first oh yeah Oh time
to eat
all right it's time for me to do some
daddy duties I have to get some formula
why a small fridge for upstairs and a
bunch of other little things and that
means I have to take the dad car I love
taking this guy because it's powerful
and I can only take it when Barbara is
not around
well actually the baby comes out so she
should fit way better but before she
could really get in here so we had to
take the family car which is the monster
truck but here we go I love the way this
thing sounds yeah this is gonna be the
finest daddy trip ever
this is
I never realized that babies have their
own section well I didn't have a baby
yet but there's rows and rows of just
baby stuff damn that's crazy what is
this oh I can't wait to have to buy
stuff like this a little tyke a little
coop containers this is insane
couldn't believe this I'm at Walmart
right now trying to find formula this
formula no this is just shampoo I am so
lost I don't know anything about babies
but I got to do it the world
why is baby formula locked up like it's
cigarettes this is crazy I wonder why is
it that many people are trying to steal
baby formula it even says security
cameras in use damn this is a whole new
world things that I never noticed before
I just notice that the cigarettes were
locked up and then when you go to some
stores like cousins are locked up of
baby formula so anyway as I found out I
think he uses this one I gotta find the
ready to drink once it's like that but
smaller is it that one no this is uh oh
no no these are powder so confusing
I need to find the one that comes
prepackaged you ready
I didn't this one and from now
I'm so confused so I just bought the
formula and they told me that I can't
even take it so my carts don't empty
they have to take it to the front and
they're scared I'm going to steal it so
now I just need nipples to go on there
and there's so many different types of
nipples but from here I just realized
the biggest difference is zero plus
months six plus months three months so
I'm trying to find a nipple and the ring
so I can screw it on top is this what
this is I don't know where this goes
nuts is that it was this for plus
anyways funny nipple and really we need
to have it I might have to go to a
different store to be honest
wait is this a nipple and ring no it's
not dude I got a I might even have to go
to a different store they don't have a
they don't have a comprehensive list of
nipples and rings unless I'm in the
wrong road and this is crazy they should
definitely have a baby taking care class
in high school there's no one really
teaches you how to be a dad or a parent
at all and they're just got to figure it
out yourself and if you're lucky enough
to have a bunch of sibling they're
brothers and sisters then you
kind of learn just through the vicinity
but I'm an only child so I'm just
freaking out on my own and my dad has
six brothers and sisters and they're all
way older so all of my cousins are
actually my mom's age so there was never
anyone my age growing up what to do what
to do
alright so Walmart was a fail they
literally only had one thing that I
needed out of my entire list and it was
the Enfamil but they don't have anything
else so it's not worth me just getting
one thing here I'm gonna go to another
store and hopefully I get to find
exactly what I mean and this place is
packed I had to hit the Help button like
20 times before someone came so I'll
just waiting around and if that's that
crazy I can only imagine what its gonna
be like if I have to check out so that
might even be another 30-minute process
so I'm gonna head to another store for
this place is cray see-through now do
not ever go to Walmart on a Sunday
because it is next mother is the true
MVP because of as I was telling mom very
hey they don't have anything at this
Walmart she started looking up the
inventory at all
around our house so that I don't have to
waste my time going to stores that don't
have
and she found a Babies R Us right around
the corner and we completely forgot that
we had a Babies R Us so I'm gonna go
there now and they should have
everything I mean it's in the name its
Babies R Us so they should have I was
getting kind of frustrated at Walmart
actually because one the customer
service was service was horrible it took
me 20 minutes to finally get an
attendant to come help me and then they
didn't have anything and everything was
kind of like very very unorganized but
once once you get in this car though
everything feels better than this car is
a rocket the minute I get in here I'm
like
I love my car so I think I'm here
already oh cool it's a Toys R Us and
Babies R Us collabo I have not been
inside a Toys R Us in a long time like
20 years I forgot how many toys
are holy I used to love Legos I
used to remember the joy that I would
get going into toys for us because you
would just see so many toys and it felt
like you're going to Disneyland except
you get to take the toys home with you
oh man I forgot all those toys that is
crazy I time to not get distracted I'm
at Babies R Us and I gotta find baby
formula oh I already love this place way
better it's already way more chill it's
not freaking as packed and it's nice
sections like this baby feeding okay
cool I probably got to find the formula
section wherever that is
it's formally yeah so I do see a lot
more nipple selection which is awesome
these are bags wrong area so I got a
probably go hey what's up dude these are
kids I just had a baby uh-oh thank you
know yesterday yeah thank you alright so
where that was a friend from a long time
ago I haven't seen him in a long time
alright there we go
formula BAM and also not locked up thank
goodness
cool so what do I need what do I need
what was the one that type has been
drinking it was called Enfamil premium
should be around here somewhere it's
like this but smaller like this but
they're ready to drink one it's like
this but this is huge
I gotta have someone for help hold on a
second
so they actually ran out of it that
sucks
oh man this quest continues maybe at
least I can find the nipple things first
cuz that seemed like really hard to find
and there's a huge selection here so if
I could just at least by the nipple
thingamabob errs then I'm good and I
could party go to CVS because geo just
told me that see if CBS has the formula
so let me take advantage of this place I
think I might end up having to go to
multiple places to get things I didn't
want to I wanted a safe sign but I'll
probably buy it that bare minimum just
order everything else on Amazon this is
getting crazy I want to be home with my
baby I don't want to be out here
freaking looking at these things holy
 this is the king of all nerf toys
this takes any nerve toy that you've
ever seen to the next level so I've seen
stuff like this right normal guns and if
you're a baller ask a to get one big-ass
ones but this team an entire contraption
with a freaking Gatling gun
this is nuts yeah
I kind of want that today has got to be
the worst day of my life if I finally
found it and it's called ready to feed
nipples and look what I see it's
literally they have everything here
right all kinds of things to choose from
and what I'm looking for yes thank you
yeah there are two pigs okay cool cool
cool Oscar nominee thank you want can
you just throw it in the traffic where
yeah yeah I'll take a look yeah thank
you so much
you're all gonna yes what a lifesaver so
okay that just shut me up awesome girls
asking them when I saw that I was like
damn it there is no more looking me
check the back and he found himself that
part is covered I still gotta get
formula though so I got a once at that
time okay I'm in hopefully the third and
final store and now I feel really stupid
because there's literally a baby sign at
every store that I've been going to so
just because I had a baby I I'm starting
to realize this now which is so
interesting and I just had a revelation
which is I can't imagine parents that
lived in a non online age and imagine
that run on a formula and the panic that
they had to go through and they have to
drive from location to location or
location that's crazy but for me I just
have to take care of that today and
everything else I can just order online
from that point on but parents back then
they weren't able to do that so they
have to do this panic being like every
single week or every single month
however they stock up which is the nest
all right please tell me to have it I am
in the baby section what is this
okay so I see like Pedialyte that's not
what I need
I already got those things covered don't
need that I need for me is that formula
yes formula once again is locked up
though but I think that's exactly oh
shoot that's exactly what I need
hell yeah I hit the jackpot I buy all
these boom I'm done hell yeah thank
goodness the last and final story I knew
I could count on your CV as I finally
get to go home it's hot today -
it's like a hundred degrees and thank
goodness CVS has the a/c on full blast -
everyone else was kind of hot in him and
I could finally go home mission complete
we got home or I got home just in time
mob has been doing a good job of keeping
him from crying so we have a little
pacifier going on and it is meal time
but he is passed out so we don't want to
disturb him we are only supposed to wake
them up to eat on schedule every two to
three hours on me but what about now do
you think what you feed them were just
wait a little bit okay so we've made a
home right in time Barbara's gonna feed
them now I know why all the parents are
always like you know what I had to do to
get you food I have to go to three
stores you know what I did for you
all the parents always say that come on
they always say you know what I did my
bear did your mom ever say stuff like
that to you did you know what I had to
do to raise you know really asian-themed
then I heard that every single day this
is the first time taiga is outdoors yay
II so we're walking tight around the
neighborhood we wanted him to get used
to outside and the air the Sun so we
decided to choose slightly after sunset
because we know his skin is brand
brand-new and we didn't want the UV rays
to be strong and burn him or anything
so we chose slightly after sunset so he
can get used to it and I don't know if
he's not liking it all right don't know
if it's the position I put him in but we
were outside earlier before going for
walks
oh okay I think that's the position yeah
I got a change of position hey ma Ben I
think that's the positioning actually at
the I don't me I put them in a good
position so I think maybe his head
doesn't feel that good oh that's way
better a new sound way better but looks
way better he loves that thing usually
no he's really upset right now okay fine
just keep moving okay so yeah so he's
loving it right now he's on the awesome
time oh yeah he's like crazy so we found
the best way to transport Tyga outside
and it's not in his mama's arms you
freaking little mama's boy ya mama's boy
I think I just did a poor job of setting
him up in here so he was uncomfortable
the whole time because when we're
outside in the backyard he was awesome
and he was just chilling and sleeping
you could check his Instagram tag the
Quan and I posted a picture there and he
looked really comfortable and the oneís
back in his mom with arms it's
comfortable again so I got a practice
for figuring out how to put them in a
way where it's comfy and then I think
it's the seatbelts or something it's too
it's too restricting maybe I don't know
at least you're still having a good time
and the day is salvaged TIFF and case
came over to visit thank you guys we're
gonna put this guy to sleep and Jill's
mom made awesome food once again all the
time what is this called
Gaga deep oil which is soup of the
chicken chicken soup and my dad brought
over some fish so we're gonna have some
family bonding time the united nations
of chinese and Mexican peoples and we're
going to hang up see you guys tomorrow
