that's up what you didn't so my little
bean it's time for him to eat Oh
precious thing he's gassy right now he's
passing a lot of gas and be honest this
last 24 hours our first day yet it's
been pretty rough like they always tell
you that the babies oh they always tell
you that the babies wake up every two or
three hours to eat and then you gotta
change your diaper and all that but you
don't really know the effects of it
until it happens because when I first
felt a lot like I just get up and go
back to sleep you never go back to sleep
alright and I have like the craziest
headache because not only are you sleepy
then you get woken up by one little
noise you actually build this anxiety so
now every time you hear a little noise
even if he's just but yeah like what was
that
oh so you're actually waking up more
than that every two or three hours a
week in like every 30 minutes but ma
bear's been very nice and we've been
having shifts so now it's made of time
for me to take over so then I can feed
him and it changes you need little
diaper and he's such a good baby
he makes little noises and like you know
but he does cry like as soon as we talk
to him he stops he stops crying almost a
medium and we're giving our mama bears
titties a little break because he's just
sucking up and just like his daddy sucks
are so Monty either kind of like chapped
a little bit so we're gonna give her a
little break cuz he has to suck on those
juicy little tease of mama bear like 12
times a day so they did get a chance
we're just gonna give mama a little
break while he has some of this yummy uh
freakin he smile some gains that I have
but to get some gains could you shake it
yeah
killin it thought that nurse did and how
they keep the rapper on the whole time
just like how they serve soft drinks uh
yeah killing it have no complaints
perfect timing
I think it's getting close they're
feeding cues either that or he's pooping
in a bit man
but he'd it's time for me there is oh
good boy he's so fast you me so beaut he
goes in on that bottle the way he goes
in on that bottles away he goes in on my
nipple never hurts so bad there's the
same way I go in on mom Bears nipples -
he needs to wrap his mouth more around
the nipple that's what you needed to
take us so you don't hurt me dude oh you
know you take the lights go put your
back against Oh to cover the light oh
yeah oh yeah
damn exact like chola eyebrows from this
angle they're like little pencil marks
man he's been sleeping this whole time
what a good boy
he drinks it so fast you freakin chugs
it like a champion he drinks faster than
what's actually good for him yeah but
when you burp him it looks vicious yeah
they'll see Oh spit up
you need a wipe his mouth tissue there
you go there you go look at all that
hair
buddy all that hair you know what's
really cute okay right now because he's
learning his hands and arms there you go
nice he gets these random like jerks I
shall be here to go just shoot it out
and earlier when he was getting his
shots
the nurse was like how are you doing
whoo - pee myself I can't control it I
mean if you had the gut
this is what Jill's nipples have to go
through he still sucks the shit out of
that thing
he's only he's not even two days old
days barely over one day old and he
sucks ferociously it's like I feel like
my nipples not gonna be there like it's
speaking sucking the crap out of that
thing
you're a champ wanna go boy
thank you me right now we're double
checking to see Tycho's responsiveness
in his ear so they're gonna play some
right boys oh we're gonna play some
white noise and they're gonna check his
brainwave activity greatness everything
instead of tigers ears they tested the
left ear and the right here originally
the left ear had a little bit of a
residual amniotic fluid left which is
from the placenta but it dried out now
so everything is good at both the left
and right you're operating perfectly and
we're stimulating brain waves now mom
Bear has to feed him feed him one more
time yeah seems like he's getting hungry
hungry Erik hungry uh so we have this
little chart that we have to keep track
of like you know every couple of hours
and we feed him and stuff and you can
see that the numbers are increasing so
it was like 15 milliliters then 10 and
10 and 17 the last time we fed him which
was at 11 a.m.
27 and I put a big happy face does he's
a killer there and he didn't throw it
back up like he was able to stomach here
so he's a big baby big kid and he needs
his food so he's eating some more that
face
do you mayor ah
Jaime or zamacona beautify McGraw China
with NASA my dad's like you still making
movies
I already saw him online on my pal we
didn't transfer any of this footage
online they were you talking about my
dad came to visit so I'm gonna spend
some family time right now this is one
of the CUNY asite in the world
I like seeing me my dad and I go
together as his three generations of
quants and I've never seen my dad this
happy he's usually so grumpy and he's
always talking mad shit to me all the
time but since this guy's been born my
dad's in love he loves them know that
eyes are closed right now my dad did see
his eyes open for the first time today
my dad felt so happy so cute well
doesn't look and sang kumbaya my dad
told me he just told my other aunt the
good news okay going back to spending
more family time yesterday was mild
there special day
and she got sugar fish today is my
special day you know we got dibs - and I
got beef noodle soup and I wanted
something that was a kind of hearty and
it also got the Shaolin bow
it smells good it's so kind of partially
my special day
Billy pal I get you have teeth oh yeah
we got some boba passion oh yeah yeah
sometimes just like the exercises now
did you follow that but I had such a
wait wait you yeah he loves second that
thing got shallow means yes it's time
for a feast we got beef noodle soup
sauteed string beans with garlic shallot
on bzees also got what and the I also
got a did you see the seaweed I had like
a seaweed salad title I may be in it
here oh yes I love this this is like a
traditional is already expecting a
visitor hello
oh yeah I called the wrong number I'm
gonna call the PCA for a cup of ice but
then I accidentally called yours first
yeah okay thank you our nurse is so
responsible
I'm literally oh oh thank you taking
your advice
yes okay I think so yeah I've got
seaweed salad beef noodle soup shalom
bzees karl extreme beans and that's it
and you can tell it's getting kind of
hectic in here people are putting stuff
in checking up phone calls are going off
so we're gonna just try to eat another
one's gonna know
oh good uh he like ate it in like two
seconds
what you've witnessed is just a small
little taste of the hospital experience
constant phone calls people checking in
on both the baby's health
mama its health it's just constant stuff
going off so sometimes it does get kind
of hectic in here and that's why it's
really hard for us to sleep this in
between those we're also changing
diapers or making sure to take this bed
but finally we get like ten minutes to
ourselves and we're gonna have a
traditional Taiwanese Chinese feast and
we're gonna have a good ol time and it's
actually a blessing in disguise for my
dad to come because while he's keeping
the Tai Chi occupied we get to eat it
definitely takes a village to raise one
baby oh yeah by the way this isn't a
brand you'll shoutouts to post mates
because it's an amazing world that we
live in I can be a in a hospital in
Pasadena with my baby and my dad coming
to visit and still eat whatever I want
because of the internet we're able to
bring this stuff into the hospital and
I'm not stuck with just normal hospital
cafeteria for this is an amazing amazing
world and I'm super grateful to live at
a time like this
me and mob era starting to pack
everything because we got pre-approved
to go home early mama bears vitals look
good
Tycho's vitals look good so hopefully
the pediatrician clears this our only
he's the only one that said everyone
else pre-approved us except for that guy
he has to make sure that this guy's okay
yeah that's his sole job yeah after the
baby's born so before the baby's born
the Obie's in charge but as soon as the
baby comes other pediatricians in charge
so even though the OB recommended it's
now no longer his job so we're just
waiting for his last approval and we
actually really want to go home because
it's kind of cramped in here and there's
just not that many things we can do I
got home and I would have more space you
can sleep we can separate ourselves if
it wanted to
the church all the temperature of the
room they have actually access to
sunlight friends and come over there
just so much stuff we can do compared to
just being locked up in here now that
there's a bad place but we just want to
be more comfortable so hopefully we get
the green light to go home this is so
fucking CUNY tyka is going home for the
first time she's sleeping and he's going
in the family monster Chuck yeah I love
how this thing looks so crazy aggressive
with the wheels and the suspension and
then we got this cute little baby time
to go home I'm gonna put you in the car
seat for the first time are you excited
are you just sleeping I block the wheels
then put the door alright let's check
out this one-handed operation suppose
bilder click that but maybe two handed
operation
all right now the mommy sit in the back
protector mommy time to go home it's
that beautiful go away there's not Kenny
Christina did it
Demi and a deem thank you guys thank you
and Christianity okay yeah yeah baby
hey what's wrong you're hungry
okay you know walking a little bit I
think you might be you might be hungry
or you are take care of
it's okay it's okay
that's okay okay we're gonna get you
we're gonna get you fed young young man
like how gentle they are
Tyco is finally relaxed at home and this
Q&E little swaddle at home I'm a little
pacifier and a little bassinet so you
could keep a careful watch on them
meatloaf is a little bit curious bonds
been trying to smell them all day and
we're trying to have dinner now so we
have them really close by so you can
take a good look and I got some one of
my favorites this is butter chicken I
open this oh oh there this we're eating
with Grandma bear hey then we got butter
chicken we got some of the hominy pea
this cheese and spinach and we also got
garlic naan and tandoori chicken a mango
lassi of course while watching mana
now we're parents we gotta watch Disney
stuff so that's it for today and we're
gonna eat have family bonding time
good night y'all see you guys tomorrow
