so it's 6:00 a.m. in the morning and
Mama thinks her water just broke
yeah because a bunch of liquid just came
out and we don't really know it wasn't
like so much where I'm just like in the
movies where it was push but it was
enough for it to like run down my leg
and it wasn't peepee so I'm just like oh
shit I think it's time but I don't know
so my doctor said anytime you feel any
sort of liquid because if you're wrong
if you rushes down the side of your leg
it's like just rush to the hospital so
that's what we're doing and we don't
know what the hell we're doing does
anything hurt so far no it only feels
like you know when you have to poop you
know it's gonna be a solid poop that
that beginning stages where you're like
oh I have to poop but if you're in a
middle of a conversation like okay the
echo last maybe 10 20 minutes before -
feels intense they feels like the
beginning stages above the boobs that's
the best I could describe it I don't
feel any intense pain
so we're heading over to the hospital
now how do you feel at this point does
anything hurt yeah I think I'm going
slowly going into contractions like
really slowly cuz I my stomach so I had
that poop feeling right now it's my
girls it's poop with like AA period
cramps yeah flying so it's a little bit
more intense yeah
and that's been happening a little bit
is this girly uh hell yeah that's really
scary I'm trying not to freak out I'm
trying to think of anything all I'm
telling myself is I'm gonna meet the boy
um I'm gonna get to have sushi and lay
on my stomach so I'm just thinking of
those three things to stay not shaken up
in nervous I love you love you too I'm
here for you nuts
I'm gonna take poops together with you
fine
how you feeling mama
just keep going down Nina right
it's getting pretty real mama bear are
you ready oh it's not turning back now
are you gonna scream obscenities like
bikini I love you so much
okay you're gonna be awesome and then I
thought baby's income I'll be so proud
of you yes
what are you not looking forward to
getting a service to check and behind me
what do they have to do that for you
have to see if my cervix is getting
bigger I love you we have these little
monitors no it's it's okay I want to
show them I know because I lifted up you
okay but they're just these old yeah
there's a lot of monitors and it's
connected to this thing and we can see
the baby's pulse into everything right
now that's it that's his heartbeat right
now oh yeah harpy it sounds like EDM
that's cute yeah
sushi that in a particular order this is
how it all started this room is so
interesting cuz on the ceiling they have
this picture I guess to help relax moms
if they are to start labor early
this is this random picture of trees at
the south side you meet you
did you know it relax you or nothing
like what the fuck is that doing there I
mean I guess I can see how it might be
relaxing and then there's this double
phone some first I've never ever seen a
double phone in my entire life
yeah of like 10 years ago
yeah even when you're about to give
birth
you still disapproved still disapprove
so ma bear's cervix is that one
centimeter right now weaning it to get
to 10 centimeters and to put things into
perspective 1 centimeter is the size of
a blueberry is it too bright no and I'm
trying to get to a 10 which is a size of
a fucking melon holy shit that's that's
my bright lowest line of the tiny tiny
she needs to get all the way up there
holy guacamole
and this is actually submitted by a fan
I forgot who sent it but thank you for
sending this you got awesome let me look
it up I want to say thanks so what stage
are you in right now
yeah hang on I think I'm gonna get an IV
just for hydration and then because
you'll have to give me a specific
medication to induce or to speed up the
dilation process yeah oxytocin or
something yeah because the longer
because my brother both are more
susceptible to getting catching bacteria
for this kid so I don't want to be
sitting in this date loli waiting to get
dilated because I don't want to get this
boy sick or anything so they're gonna
try to speed up the process
which I'm kind of like how much why did
it happen this way but then forget it
it's just it happens millions of ways
can't control it yeah so if we can
prevent any bacteria or anything any bad
stuff reaching the boy let's do it yeah
cuz that baby he already had his first
poop it's called the meconium
and so here his first poop so my mom
bears water broke it was already a
little bit yellow so it's really CUNY
that he had his first poop already so
now we gotta get him out of here and
they're gonna have to give him a little
bucket mob fair little bit of medication
so that her cervix could open up into
the size of a melon mother has to ivy in
just with fluids and the next thing that
they said was kind of scary they're
gonna do the catheter thing right how do
you feel about that
so the catheter thing what it's gonna do
itself it's more like a manual dilation
they put a balloon in her vajayjay and
then it starts slowly expanding the
cervix and I think what that does it
helps your body release its own prose
glandon's or whatever they said I
thought it was but that's supposed to
help you get into contractions and help
you open up the cervix and that's better
than I mean too much pitocin they're not
if they do that they'll have to put a
little bit of pitocin they used to
belong to that the balloon to dilate the
cervix if they don't do that then put it
way more pitocin and Allah Berra once
said as natural as possible so we have
to keep it in for up to 12 hours God do
what you gotta do moms go through so
much just to let you know I've never
seen you more beautiful in my entire
life a little big-headed weasel so we
just changed rooms we're in the actual
labor and delivery room now so this is
the room where barber is gonna do
everything in and we're not leaving this
room until David comes up how do you
feel this room's really nice though it's
pretty damn nice and you know how you
know what this is your show because
there's spotlights right there and this
is the concert that is where you get to
rock up give me a rock outside
where did you come from yeah so the baby
the baby gets delivered here and then as
soon as the baby comes out after they do
the one hour of Golden Hour where the
mom and the baby and the dad have skin
skins and so then the baby can feel
bonding the baby goes in here and gets
warmed up and then to make sure that the
baby we just do good temperature and
then that's when the baby can go home
you're gonna do great look okay nice
thing is it's called a panda warmer it's
gonna warm our little baby panda I want
to get warmed in this thing me look at
this thing this is the catheter this is
the thing that's gonna be going in to
help expand your little cervix I believe
in you thank you alright enough for the
mom here's the daddy update this chair
is actually very very comfortable I
could probably take a really good nap in
it it's better I'm really glad that they
have these very accommodating furniture
because it can recline you can pull that
and it's nice and wide
if only the economy airline seats were
like this I fight economy all the time
and feel awesome so I just want to let
you guys know that the dad is okay I
know everyone Oliver focuses on the mom
all the time but I'm very comfortable
here my lower back feels great I love
the Sun and I think I'm gonna be able to
get through this so also my bear just
had a few
contractions right now our first few
contractions and it's really really
painful it's like - is gonna say
anything but what you did tell me is
that it feels like her body is falling
apart so we're just after wait they put
the arm to the catheter balloon in
already and so it's gonna help her
dilate her cervix and the minute that it
falls out that's what I think she
officially officially hitter's into like
labor and that's when all the medical
staff will rush in so this process right
now doing being right there
it could take up to 12 hours you're
doing that great job can you just put it
you know you want to smack her we can be
a tough cookie lovers a tough cookie
liner she's going through a lot of pain
she wants to have fun but she's
resisting it is now 7 o clock it's been
over 12 hours and some are bears water
has broke but mob areas and much better
spirits now and we just saw ya log I was
just like please turn off the camera
like I didn't want to focus on that
right now don't look at me it was it was
brought but you look much better yeah
and the your obstetrician obstetrician
OB GYN the ostrich doctor ostrich just
pulled the catheter the balloon out of
your vajayjay hoo-ha and he's saying
that that progress on the vagina is
awesome
yeah thanks the baby's coming they don't
know in the morning yeah yeah oh come in
the morning which is awesome because I
wanted a September baby and today is
August 31st so like oh man we were off
by one day because I'm sappy and I
wanted him to be September first then me
to be October 3rd and then pop out to be
November 18 that was Jimmy and it looks
like it might happen it's a string of
holidays at the end of the year oh yeah
and then we have Christmas
okay so many presents yeah it's been
it's been an experience for sure
I feel good they're just waiting for the
baby to come further down the birth you
can also I think the next steps is
they're gonna start turning me from side
to side just to kind of help him kind of
shuffle his way down sit up I just do
different things I'm gonna use that
peanut ball it's over there you know
just to help with this kid and they said
that like um you know medicine has been
advancing so much now that like now they
know that first my moms if you just need
a lot more time because their bodies
aren't you know used to delivery it's
not obliterated like the other months so
so yeah they just have to give them more
time and they have to sometimes some
people have to be induced like like me I
had to be induced cuz when I first got
here I was I said one centimeter so the
induction happened so how is the
induction right dude I don't know yeah
induction happen when you know they have
to put that balloon in and then I had to
get medication to kind of help me start
contracting so that cervix starts
opening a little bit more but yeah
doing research and stuff it's not
affecting the baby if anything it's
stressing him out let's so I did opt for
epidural that's why I don't feel
anything even though I'm having
contractions like every two to like five
minutes
um but I realized when I wasn't on
anything his heart rate would increase
like crazy
John I'm barely giving him any air
because I'm like sucking in the air
blowing it out I'm stressed fuck out
you're probably ten so you're probably
squeak like squeezing lawyer muscles he
felt that nobody his heart rate would
shoot up like crazy and now that I'm in
this state like I'm breathing normally
I'm sleeping like I've slept so many
hours um and it's heart rate it's been
just stable so the labor might take a
little bit longer but that's kind of
assumed because I've never done this
before so my body's probably going like
what
what's going on like I know what I got
to do but let me find the manual again
and you know you know on dust the body
parts so I'm happy I'm very proud of you
why do we compete thee know it's very
painful and you've been through a lot
I'm just very proud of you but no I
don't know bad because if everything was
so painful that I wanted dim lights I
didn't want to hear anything I didn't
even let Papa touch me because I just
wanted to be contained by myself you
know I'm just like just give me space
give me space and then I wanted to throw
up and you're starving so then got food
and then he couldn't eat it here because
I was contracting so often that I
started to more include in my football
and this little blue thing is for like I
didn't haven't thrown up in you know
what that looks like the elephant
condoms
yeah a lot of Philly cheese the sandwich
I was starving any anything since exam
and I finally got some family to p.m. or
something and then the midnight busted
it out it wanted to make mop up you so I
ran to the bathroom over there and I ate
in there even the bag that it came and
you were like crunchy and I like moving
it and that sound was just it was
horrible it was like fucking nails on
the blackboard it was what my pop I'm so
sorry please leave me get outta here
it was nice one side it feels much
better no and I'll punch you in the
fucking face ever you did this to me
bastard
no we've still got a we still got up big
hump because they said as soon as I go
into labor my body's gonna start shaking
because of all the hormones I'm probably
gonna start wanting to throw up again so
we're not over yet folks that's really
awesome both of our bonds
they're here to support you now they're
just there supporting wall there and
being good grandma's this is my mom's
first time being a grandma
this is Jill's mom she's a veteran oh
yeah you've had so many grandchildren
this is this is my mom's first time in
grandma's that's all night neither my
mom says she got promoted all right new
update it is now 9:15 and the baby is
still not here isn't that cute that
little baby beanie that they have here
for the baby still isn't here but mom
Barrett is feeling really good and she
has this oxygen mask being on just so
that the baby can stabilize more have
better oxygen and have a better heart
rate it looks really dramatic and looks
freaking crazy
like my mom has a terminal illness but
it doesn't look as bad I mean it's not
as bad as it looks
Margaret can't really talk that much
right now cuz we had a ton of family
come visit and she was talking up a
storm I think just talking so much with
the oxygen gotta kind of lightheaded a
little bit so she's just gonna chill out
so it seems like we're gonna have a baby
that's gonna be delivered tomorrow
morning so we're just gonna rest up
tonight including myself cuz I'm pretty
tired and I got I want to make sure that
I'll be able to be there for mama bear
at any time that she needs and he's like
literally this morning she woke me up at
6 a.m. and she was like my water broke
my skull shit so I jumped out of bed so
beans could happen real quick it could
be 3 a.m. and the baby wants to come out
so I think we're both gonna get some
rest you can catch up on some sleep and
we'll let you know what happens
