hey guys good morning it's actually
afternoon it's pretty late but I'm
starting today's video now because we're
doing something crazy my crazy I mean
James Charles has invited the squad me
shade and Morgan over to his place to do
some makeup I'm assuming he must have
seen me attempting to follow his makeup
tutorial and the iconic makeup that I am
but I'm very excited to meet sister
James
sisters isn't Shane into Starbucks also
Morgan's here no but I think what I want
to do is have James Charles turned me
into James Charles yeah but what are you
gonna do when you realize that James
Charles has hair and you don't triggered
what you doing to see he's probably
finding the hot tea on his phone hi
sister that was your fault oh my god
you've got large I don't know can you
see where you ruined my car
yeah you build it crazy oh my god Morgan
can you hold these and please don't
spill them in dragon can you just check
to see if I ruined it people are crazy I
meant there was one crazy lady inside of
Starbucks
kept screaming at me for no reason did
she think you were her long-lost sister
I think she thought I was her ex
girlfriend so he excited to meet your
new sister
I'm nervous have you met James before us
sisters go way back sister out of the
Traveling Sisters isn't gonna be
confusing for you then working because
like doesn't me a lot of sisters flying
around sister meets sister sister you're
gonna hit everybody what are you sorry
sorry sorry okay I think we're here can
we get ice cream everyone sister yes you
are my sister we found a creepy parking
garage cuz there's no party anywhere oh
wait then how do you get when I how many
grams of sugar Shay do you see that sure
you are
I do first of all oh never mind I'm
gonna cause a controversy this is
actually insane in here what why do you
have two buttons one plenty to play
buttons I'll be doing very much you
clean them every day okay so James
you're gonna turn me into you correct
yeah I guess so mr. Ryland oh my god
that is literally my dream
mr. Charles I don't get it you don't
have a list I was gonna say I always
thought the in post you must have sped
up your talking but then sitting here
with here I don't think eat up your your
audio no he does not service but it's
clear just shaking their crazy jinx has
it no he's a famous youtuber oh well I
mean love these lipstick stories each so
far is getting real brave with their
process why what your girl only like and
when I was like 12 at a dance
competition wait you've never put on
lipstick no because every time I put on
makeup I just look uglier this is the
beach no shade okay so I guess we have
to say it hi sisters how long does this
take every night probably like an hour
why don't I do not do this every day I
don't I the news when you get going like
an hour they ask you how are you just
going to say that you're fine you're not
really fine so this
take us an hour right now yeah probably
all right I'm fine thank God we have to
pry me up first we love a good
moisturizer sister so I hate to start
off with the touch of water cream for
our skin tone Oh child just wondering
hope that it might be a marketeer color
okay full coverage yeah I have a lot of
zits right now how do you feel like this
new haircut we helped with a large for
hydration to cover it hey I can really
on a spiritual level I think mine's
worse than yours but that's fine I'm
like you like to send me an invoice for
your foundation what is that this
concealer there's gonna be used to blame
the center of your face which is gonna
bring it more attention to it and also
give you a Jesus eye oh my god this is
insane
I also need to learn how you mouth pop
because I don't know somehow you can't
do it what is yours
let me see what's going on over there no
you have to like you're I think you're
putting it too close to your teeth need
to put it back farther do yours jeez how
can you not do that I think it's a
talent I don't think the majority of
people can do this maybe you have a
thicker tongue maybe yours is more
rectangular cuz I'm covering all this
surface area of the roof of your mouth
I'm sure that's gonna be a
I'm gonna put this up to the sides of
your nose as well so we can give you a
good sister snatch no I'll take the most
vital step to my makeup routine it's
like my nose like want really large
that's right sir
so try to contour and then with a little
bit of contour and a little bit of base
- I love how you to own your face - and
usage well it's very obvious like I knew
you would - eyes can figure out that I
do not only thought in person just doing
like sister to my brothers I know I have
like a serious unibrow happening
countries that yeah
my eyebrows are actually like the center
of attention in my comment section
everyone's like oh we're about half of
them are like those are the worst things
I've ever seen fix them and the other
half and then the other half are saying
do not touch your eyebrows but we can
just sort of make like a little light
yeah yeah obviously just don't go too
drastic oh my god oh my god oh that's
cause they're not supposed to be hair
there ah I'm gonna be crying most people
do but obviously there's a lot to deal
with
yours is thicker than mine No
your eyebrows absolutely not really
not even close I guess I do have a
monster it's my brows I got the keys but
yours are like workroom he's mad for
never been told before thank you there
we go so one day oh this is the one you
did yeah see how much nicer that looks
all right maybe people will stop
dragging me so much everybody go through
a broad translation at some point in
their life less to be thankful that
they're coming you now this is gonna be
a good one only free makeup probably
wish some snatched cheeks okay how do I
make everything just fooling everybody
into thinking that about hairline
surgery I love that it's let me finger
like hello bulls the girls real good I'm
gonna contour next to like really chisel
everything out and to create those
natural shadows
then I'm gonna go to the more cool tone
a darker shade it to really chisel out
just the bottom of Rylands cheekbones to
really give them that snatched
appearance and to make it look like it's
natural shadows was just giving a lifted
look these lights are doing wonders for
my yellow teeth oh you can't talk you
should see your face right now that's me
every company ever now they get to
contour the nose my all-time favorite
part my makeup routine it where I can
fool everybody into thinking about
Ronald nasty with powder we remember a
contour color on a nice sister fluffy
angled brush and go right down the sides
of Ryland snow is it creating a natural
shadow we're just gonna look like his
nose as a pinch
we're actually a very similar kind of
shape noses yeah I can see that like we
have like skinny bridges and then like
we have like Vicky at the tip yeah I
love I gotta think you got the tip no
take some blush because although this
contour is looking really great we
definitely got a little bit of color
back
let's meet I got this we use I got one
time cuz I left school early it's if I
pick up a straight guy that went to
another school that I knew was on the DL
top of them you have an issue a straight
boy these are work it out I'm working on
a girl you have to be able to find a
masculine gay guy I mean there are a
million of them but there's no challenge
about that's never gonna end in a
relationship well not without auto-tune
it might timber keeps getting deleted
why I guess people report me for being
catfished
really and then they verified me on it
which is even more like that is so
embarrassed you're a celebrity which we
got and right now they don't fucking
give me a blue checkmark on tinder
you're famous
every hot guy that in batchman for a
sausage hi sister instantly I'm like
okay let's snatch these process well
we're baking in the oven
whoa whoa I've never seen like a
tailored brow on my face it kind of
looks good yeah I usually bake during my
entire shuttle process oh wow I don't I
don't know where Morgan wet I don't know
if she is but with where is she I don't
even you really do look like Kesha died
I think I did a good job thank you we oh
my god your look is inspired by this I
didn't even notice that I love being an
artist well they're doing makeup we're
doing this really what's the kind of
living for you would like us knowledge
to grow was gonna be so unfortunate
because I'm gonna love the way I look
but I'm never gonna be able to achieve
anything get it and hold on to it I'm
just going to pop a light orange shade
right and lines crease
what a lousy dog like mr. Sparkle that's
crazy
uh-huh it's really pretty listening stop
I'm not made for that step you did I'm
living now sister did snap oh my god
sister James just shaking so first you
have to wipe all your bake because my
first thing early we don't want it to
get crusted dusted mustard and rusted we
have a really good highlighted lock
interface look super super bright right
in the center which is like really good
this is the best you're so pretty she's
actually crazy
look at how nice like the round contour
into like the round pen or head it
really really works with my recent human
hair I mean once again we have a lot of
powder oil and so I always like to do
settings right in between vital steps
Wow and the audience looking so pretty
right this is crazy
there she is Wow look how pretty that
walks are kidding you have pretty good
at lips you're a white boy I know
Jimmy's are needed I want back
enunciation
Oh crazy how do we feel like this is
your first time having like full glam on
I mean I feel like I look better than
I've ever looked before this is crazy
I'm shining I'm glowing
you look really pretty I feel like a
brand new woman do you like a woman
I'm fine I'm well so you always needed a
video following my tutorial but do you
think they like having your actual glam
done as like a different process Oh 100%
mine also took a fraction of the time
yeah horrible horrible have you put a
lot of thought into it which I
definitely appreciated like now after
watching to do that you think you could
achieve like a similar look to this
maybe - the washes because that's like
it's super challenging even for me in
like three hours I could like do the bad
version of this for this video thanks to
James Charles Oh make sure you go over
to James channel because shade and I are
having uh what do you call it when we do
a bottle a beautiful hair
in the entire world we're each going to
do a half of your face correct hmm
hey stop it you can't ruin my glamorous
dope oh this is the lighting says this
is always such a media catch this right
over here James down below thank you so
much all right
I can't do this with other people
goodbye
