that's gonna be a messed up kid well
that's what I'm saying
shade good morning today's video
sponsored by audible yay audibles home
to the widest selection of digital audio
books including bestsellers new releases
exclusives and so much more hey guys
good morning a little bit nervous about
today's video and that's because I'm
doing something a little more serious
than I usually do and specifically
that's talking about the future recently
I've been bombarded with questions about
my future not only from the internet but
my family and I honestly believe that
that's just a popular topic of
conversation when you were my age
especially when you're in a serious
long-term relationship but with that
being said when I envision my future I
do see myself having kids and I see
myself having kids with Shane and I'm
not really sure what that means because
having two animals has already proven to
be pretty difficult but I did grow up
with an older brother and a younger
sister and we were very close so for me
I can't imagine not having a family of
my own
but recently I've also been thinking a
lot about how I'll never be able to have
a child that's a genuine product of my
relationship and I'm honestly not sure
what that means to me I go back and
forth between being very angry and then
I also remind myself that I'm not trying
to brag but I feel like I have a good
life being in a gay relationship means
that you either have to adopt use a
surrogate or have your loved one knock
up another member of your family all of
which make for a situation that doesn't
seem ideal compared to what I believed
was traditional growing up so in today's
video I want to find out if Shane and I
are even ready to have a child
and then I do also want to ask my sister
if she'd be interested in potentially
carrying our child further down the line
this is gonna get awkward
Shayne I'm talking to them about having
children
oh I'm texting my mom I'm busy oh stop
sending me nudes uh-oh hey guys
I'm being serious though because today
I'm doing a video about us potentially
having children soon you smell that's
mean I just showered I love you so much
why do you smell so much I think I look
cleaner than you like aesthetically rude
I mean listen you are cleaner than me
but you smell what is that well
obviously you want to have kids with me
but have you thought about how we're
gonna do it yeah we've already talked
about this we haven't come to a
conclusion your sister no got it
that would be your child with my sister
no your sister and you are the same no
we're not Shane I'm a scientist
check out my science Channel oh look at
all this blood this is good
I don't know science who knows very
bored literally well he wants a brother
like a baby brother I honestly do you
want me to be real or is this supposed
to be funny no I want you to be as real
as possible it was serious video serious
music uh no I genuinely don't care for
me personally like I'm not one of those
people who's like I must pass on my
genes
ooh that must be more like I don't care
I just want to give it kid a good life
and like make them feel loved and give
them some things I didn't get and also
like have fun on Christmas and little
vacations I just want that I don't care
if I look at the kid and he doesn't look
like me at all that's better I agree and
I want to say the same I just don't know
how I'll feel when it actually comes
down to it just being 100% honest I
think like if we decided to have your
sperm in a surrogate would I feel like
that is the other person's kid or do we
have like my sperm in a surrogate and
your sperm in a surrogate and have two
kids but then do the kids feel like they
have a specific dad I don't care you
could use your sperm I obviously don't
care like for me I want to have kids
with you
because I love you
because I want to raise a kid with you
or multiple kids with you I don't care
if my genes are in them like they're
gonna get my heart and I grew up with an
adopted brother adoption so normal to me
and like let's do it personally I always
saw myself growing up getting married to
a woman having a baby that whole thing a
lot of people are like think I'm lying
about that or what I'm not like I am
bisexual obviously but I also when I was
a kid never thought about growing up and
being with a guy I haven't like been
dealing with that ever I always looks
like oh of course I'm gonna have a wife
and they're gonna be pregnant so it is
different for me too I don't know
there's a lot to think about
it's good that you seem easy I'm
definitely going to be doing a lot more
research into what's best for us
and what relationship do you want it to
have well we want it to get your genius
we want it to get my there's so many
things if they could get my sense of
humor and your sense of controlling your
eating then we have a perfect kid too
bad were two guys and it can't happen
all right you guys so it's our last
night in Colorado we just got back from
the Stanley Hotel and okay we know I
have the bigger forehead out of the two
of us but you're not one to talk with
your big eye screen now that we have
gotten mom's approval on marriage the
next thing to talk about would be
children but the problem is Shane and I
are two guys see what I'm saying I've
already thought so wait what you thought
about this scene a couple comments
saying that your first impression of
having kids would be to just shove it in
here what I would do it because what
kind of paycheck are you looking for
there's a few issues I'm feeling
okay I think that if I had your kid it'd
be perfect because I don't want a kid I
can't even take care of myself but I'd
like to experience what it's like Tina
well you can eat a lot and not feel any
guilt - I talk about a kid and send it
off I can still see it on Christmas but
I don't have to take care of it it would
have to be Shane's sperm and my sister
and then technically it wouldn't be my
child it would be the two of your child
that's gonna be a messed up kid
well that's what I'm saying here's what
I was thinking if for some reason I
started raising the child in a way that
Morgan felt wasn't fit for the child's
needs no I'm saying like she would come
over on Christmas or whatever and feel
like it was her kid this is a serious
issue and then she would feel like it's
her kid more than it is mine then I
might start feeling like that and then
it's like a kid with my sister and my
boyfriend that's weird mom what do you
think well how would Shane and I have
kids if we were ever going to have kids
you could do it you know I'm going
through the change I don't mom don't you
think later in life she would feel like
it's her child you don't know how you're
going to feel later in life morning you
don't your whole feelings about kids and
family it changes as you get older oh
yeah like wedyn you're alone forever
wait better have your own kids and then
you're gonna be like but I did have a
kid and what about that one and then you
come and steal it from us that's like a
worst-case scenario I'm crazy but I'm
not psychopathic you yes
my niece Jenny just had twins for a
same-sex couple in Utah are you pitching
your knees no I'm saying you can get a
surrogate
I don't want Jenny no you forget no
she's done she's but she's got three
surrogacy this is a third one but like
but then it's Jenny's kid it would be my
sister's kid and your kid and what about
me
like you guys well Shane's obviously
funny and great I like to crack some
jokes here so the kid would obviously be
great
yeah I don't know I feel like I might
feel a little left out of the equation
if I'm just like saying couldn't how
about me and her have a kid and then you
and my mom have a kid both I guess you
could be an option an option I'll do it
for $5,000 that's $5,000 Morgan
you really need to think this through
what happens when your kid becomes more
rich than you and then you're banging
down our door for some of his money you
want to be his manager no cuz you're not
a mom you'd be giving up the rights of
being his mom be like a reality TV show
how many people get to have a kid with
their sister oh my god could be the
Kardashians we could what's your
estimated price range
I thought $5,000 what's our project have
our kid no I think average like a family
discount a couple hundred thousand
you're taller than me and Shane's taller
than me this kids not even gonna look
like me
think about it you get the blue eyes
your applications being processed I'll
get back to you if you can we explain
the contract soon because if I'm gonna
get $100,000 paycheck I'm going back to
Hawaii is it 200 whoa
okay I'm not paying that okay I think
I've had enough of my family for this
year I told you you would be family
doubt by the end of no we are going back
to California tomorrow that's the end of
this holiday vacation all right you guys
we're back home from Colorado and now
that we've talked about how we could
potentially have a child I wanted to
find out if we're ready so I got us a
baby simulator what is that oh it's like
to find out if we're ready to have a
child it cries it's like an actual
physical baby have fun no we're gonna be
testing it out for 24 hours and that's
next week's video I love you Jo I get a
blow torch it No
oh my gosh oh I'm ready to have kids
Shane do you love me baby all right how
do you work this way oh this is a lot of
work I don't wanna be a dad anymore I do
you want to give you a huge shout-out to
audible for sponsoring today's video I
was so excited when they reached out
because I'm a horrible reader but I
actually do love books and if you're not
already familiar audible is the leading
provider in audiobooks with the widest
selection from best sellers to
broadcasters and even youtubers which is
why my recommendation today for you is
Lily sings how to be a mouse I'm
obviously all about the future right now
thinking about children so I'm all about
those books that make me a better me I
honestly love self-help books and today
audible is offering you guys a free book
along with a 30-day trial membership if
you go to audible.com slash Ryland you
can browse their massive selection of
audio programs and download a book fo
free again using audible.com slash
Ryland or they're all some super fancy
and you can just text Ryland to five
hundred five hundred to get started all
right you guys all I have this week's
video if you enjoyed your time here make
sure you hit that like button and
subscribe because I make new videos
every single Tuesday if you wanna hang
out with me in between uploads I have
listed all my social media accounts
which is right over there
thank you so much for watching and
supporting my channel I'll love you very
much
good one more thing in case you didn't
know my sister also has a vlog channel
you could watch your most recent video
right here and Shane did take my family
to the Stanley Hotel that video is here
bye
