hey you guys good morning so it is
Christmas Eve
I have job as the family well at least
some of them because today we're going
to make ice cream at the cutest little
ice cream shop in Denver called little
man's ice cream shop they invited us
over to make our own flavor so I feel
very bougie also my family's right here
my mom my dad my sister morgue annex if
you haven't seen them pillow
it smells so good and this is Lord who
set everything up so as you can see we
make ice cream in a vintage house been
going since 2008 so we're walking into
where they actually make all of the ice
cream machine wait why are they all
named up they're celebrities they're all
named f40 sebastian furious are these
ingredients all for us whatever you guys
want she's freaking out right now
yo I'm sure Jade already found some food
what is this no you guys are collabing
right now I would I guess this is where
you guys make waffle comes this is where
we make the waffle cones bass simple
drinkable drinkable
Amelia one scoop on to there
you guys are gonna smell like just all
day by the way which is fecal matter Oh
exactly perfect no all right
just grab it you're gonna place it on
this bed okay push it into the crevice
okay and then that goes in here and then
oh shut up push with that hand how I say
don't be afraid of guide are in there
shame I broke it okay I think this one's
done Oh Kurt ingredient book so we're
making it completely from scratch Italy
from scratch oh wow
whatever you guys win it it's a lot of
work let's lube up Paul Walker and is
this like the standard Lube that you
would buy in a store or what here we go
this is not actually this process but
you know what it feels great that goes
in there this is not safe for me to be
very hot this is 14 percent butterfat
milk that's good
why are you guys already eating before
we're done making ice cream so what are
you guys thinking as far as flavor
because I'm very basic and I only like
Oreos and cookie dough that sounds like
my ass I think there should be a family
situation like everybody gets one time
now to press Start on the machine for
our beautiful creation okay oh my gosh
should I hit this immediately
looming sleek hill oh my god it's
beautiful
somebody good oh my god oh fuck
pictures in it there's no time to eat
mommy and Mom okay
alright there's enough for a second book
oh I see something a little different
with that one second bucket okay Oreos
this one might be the winner oh my god
that was very stressful I felt a lot of
pressure to get a gradient sand as fast
as possible there's gonna be an official
taste test and this is the yeah no we're
not bidding thank you is it good
I am Wiig list we just made another baby
Jesus Christmas part - oh my god I'm
sorry okay yes oh yeah
oh my god dumi to feed it to you oh wow
mama new developments we found sugar
cookies and oh my god you're gonna ruin
perfectly delicious ice cream are you
fucking crazy cinnamon toast crunch
mixed with ice cream oh my god
Shane's liking this ice cream more than
me
so now that the ingredients are fully
placed we have to name both of them
before we really dive into eating
carnival barf it means you had a good
time you think anyone would ever buy
that shame sprinkle your life change
okay coming in with the hot title
feeling something a Saturday morning
vibe because our cereal in it Morgan is
the only one that eats ice cream for
breakfast we're actually at the ice
cream shop and we're gonna taste test
our own flavors they let us inside and
they put our ice cream in the freezer so
I believe this one's ours and this one
back here is ours as well correct
are you ready Shane I mean I've already
been eating it all day why are you
acting this is I haven't actually tasted
it yet yeah wait I did a baby
Wow I think either carnival barf the
best well that's good sprinkles in it
I'm into cookies for breakfast
I think the cinnamon touch that isn't
everything
oh you mean the cinnamon touch that you
said was a issue you're gonna ruin
perfectly delicious ice cream I never
know what I want until it hits me in the
face cookies for breakfast is the winner
UI cookies for breakfast - I don't like
sprinkles dad what's your vote we all
like cookies for breakfast except for
shade yeah this is the clear what is so
good haha
all right Lauren I had never made ice
cream before and I'm here for it I loved
your ice cream and I think we might have
to look into adding it to the menu I
don't know the flavor but we'll see
which sounds better then maybe we'll
make a decision I'll definitely make
sure like you guys know if it's ever
here but until then this was delicious
you're ever in Denver Colorado you gotta
come to a little man ice-cream it is so
good and there might even be a Shane
Dawson Rylan Adams flavor probably not
but you could drink
