hey guys good morning so today's video
is gonna be just a little bit different
and that's because recently shane sat
down with one of the stars of Riverdale
which just so happens to be one of my
favorite shows and did a conspiracy
theory video with her and I had to join
in on the conversation because I loved
the show so much but due to timing my
portion of the interview did not go
inside of Shane's video so I thought I
would repurpose the footage to make a
little Riverdale conspiracy video for
all of you with none other than the
Queen herself
Madeline patch I'm gonna need four camps
so for this next theory I thought it
would be fun if we brought in a super
fan of the show biggest for a super fan
introduction surprise so he's a pretty
big fan of the show
I thought you can tell just rocking some
curl record of this shirt is actually
from one of my favorite TV shows
Riverdale okay no but I am curious about
a few things to season two I think
myself along with the rest of the
Internet and everybody that watches
Riverdale was a little bit upset about
the reveal of the black hood so my
theory along with some other people out
there is that the black hood that was
revealed is not the actual black hood
interesting do you want me to like give
you some facts on why I think
the first point is that Archie has
obviously seen the black hood
face-to-face so he's seen his eyeballs
when him and is it Veronica I think
confront the janitor Archie
then decided that it wasn't the black
hood because the eye color was different
I've looked into the Black Codes eyes
they were wrong it's not him so that
would kind of exit the janitor out from
being the black hood and then at the end
sequence of what we saw last in
Riverdale the vo was saying that the
black hood wasn't exactly the truth
whispering this isn't often contacts
exist hi color oh that is okay all right
so you're sticking by that it is the
janitor he's in contact she knows what
she can't say it we know that it's not
the right black hood because that was so
anticlimactic and I think that they did
that on purpose to get everybody talking
about how upset they were and then when
it comes back everyone's just gonna be
jaw dropped
that's a confirmation actually curious
how far in advance do you know
storylines and things that are gonna
happen in the show so for instance
spoiler alert in season one when my dad
killed himself I didn't know that was
happening to not nobody did until we sat
down at the table read so sometimes
that's how it happens and sometimes we
only know when we get this room so we
get the script about two or three days
before we start shooting the episode and
we shoot
episode about three to four months
before tears so that's when we know but
we don't have a lot of like notice what
about what a character gets killed off
like the person playing them do they
know they're gonna get killed off the
show we have had a lot of that like
series regulars none of us have been
killed off yet I don't know I feel like
you know women guarendi died and she
knew that was coming
Sarah I just had a baby so I think she
was like ready and I might think my dad
you and when seumas characters know when
they come in that they're only here for
a couple of episodes so I think we all
try to be very respectful of like we you
know when you're not gonna have a job
anymore you know what I mean oh my gosh
the first series regular could talk it's
going to be very interesting in terms of
the day on set give us something
anything you can give us somebody on the
show already or is it a new character
that's being introduced you can't even
tell you that and then who is sure about
making out with had we met that person
before we had yeah like really really
briefly he was a construction worker in
season one so that wasn't likely to give
a significant that he was like I cared
about came back he was
did you get on your own Superman that's
how I need it to keep watching let's
look at supported you
you guys I loved her and I loved her
character on the show and I'm so excited
because I do think that we're gonna get
to see a lot more of Cheryl in the
second half of season two but I'm also
very curious to know what you guys think
about the black could do you think the
reveal was real or do you think it was a
hoax so that they can take the storyline
further I do want to talk about that in
the comment section below I know this
was a little bit different but honestly
it's not too off-key for me because what
I used to do was interview celebrities
for a living so if you like this maybe
I'll start incorporating this into my
channel let me know anyways thank you
guys so much for watching it's a pretty
much handle I love you very much good
