hey guys good Monica streel eyes that I
never enjoyed the vlog that you're about
to see because we were traveling and a
lot was going on so Shane and I did go
to my hometown for Christmas and we
ended up bringing his mom along which
meant our parents were meeting for the
very first time I was nervous because
not only is Shane the first boyfriend
that I've introduced to my family but
introducing your parents means that
you're in a relationship for the long
haul and the possibility of them not
liking each other for me seemed like too
much to handle they're meeting for the
first time it did go seemingly well I
just farted so incredibly loud Shane
nobody wants to know that's Christmas
okay but what I really wanted to show
you is that our moms are getting along
okay fuck the moms look at this hostess
has its own section she's been taken for
20-something years but she could set you
up after this they truly did become best
friends Shane's mom got my mom addicted
to Twitter and now that has turned into
my mom thinking that she is somehow
Twitter famous she's even been sending
these screenshots of the notifications
on her phone and I will say that she's
doing pretty well because even Trisha
Paytas replied to one of our tweets this
is my family's dog name to all of our
curcurity this is our Christmas tree we
literally used to get an ornament every
year growing up so to have like
personalized Barney ornaments and
everything where is it hey every single
one of them up
oh I know this Santa's mine he's really
cute horny where did you go so we never
ended up fighting my Barney ornament on
the tree but my mom she doesn't sent me
this photo after we got home and I will
say that I was obsessed with Barney as a
kid and embarrassing a mouth and that
Shane he did also join our ornament
tradition he got this beautiful pic from
Target wrote his name on it and hung it
on the tree marking it our first
Christmas that we actually got to spend
together is that we went to the grocery
store and got literally 12 halo tops
that we're finished we stumbled upon
ASMR my mom had never heard of that
before
and so of course she pulls out the
fucking pickle lady watch my mom okay
Christmas Eve I'm sitting on the couch
next to the Christmas tree and living my
best gay life and these two monsters oh
my God look at you guys are literally so
scary are convinced that my parents
house is literally haunted
I'm not one to believe too much into
ghosts like I believe in ghosts but I
don't like think that our house is
haunted and then cut to gain visiting
our house every night he's been here
he's told me his dreams have been the
worst nightmares of his entire life and
last night he told me that there were
people walking around everywhere and he
kept waking me up every hour and I was
like I did hear it but I also have a
pretty big family a lot of people live
here they all wake up and go to the
bathroom there's animals la-de-da-de-da
oh my god that is another thing so the
only reason I slightly believe any of
them is because last night right when I
started walking upstairs the TV turned
on by itself and not only did it turn on
the volume was all the way up too many
details the TV turned on by itself I
just opened up the attic my snapchat I
always see spaces in the walls okay so
they're trying to tell me that I have to
crawl up into the attic because I'm the
smallest yeah yeah I'll fall through the
ceiling
you guys know my dad is a little bit
grumpy past his bedtime and this is
right next to his room oddly crawl up
there I'm just saying the ceiling break
oh my god that's the video if you fall
through the roof into my dad's bedroom
oh my god Jake polishchuk
that back bathroom is haunted to country
ghosts are like Christmas trees I just
know it's best in it's Christmassy
Christmas is over and they're watching
us I don't care that's what I said we
should've feared oh no I think if you
stand here and then you grab onto this
chart that fucking lights off because
and then you grab on like a monkey mmm
strong no there's so much insulation up
here which is not healthy for your skin
to touch shut up get there it's freezing
things are possess do it for the vlog
it's all insulation put your blog camera
oh my god see if that's insulation you
can't touch it do you have any yes I do
mm-hmm here's a sprint back or did you
get from sprint or a service oh it's
fine I've gotten there by the time to
vlog loser
I don't give a duck put the thing okay
can you pull yourself what's up there
this is such a bad idea I need the light
I need the light give me the fucking
light oh my god
oh my god my peasants
I can't this is so scary I cut you down
and he's not a knife oh my god do you
want me to catch you oh this is not a
scene did you see any ghosts
my answers this way
are you sure you saw nothing
okay I don't think there's a ghost here
we have to evaluate the footage
no oh is this too cute
oh my god peasants I mean say I still
think this house is haunted
yes they don't hide in plain sight we're
gonna have to do some heavy searching I
think we're going to tear the carpet
I'm not worrying what I think is gonna
have to happen is after we leave in the
house is a little more empty you're
gonna have to send my snapchat footage
of when you hear Angie because none of
us believes that there's a ghost ring I
believe it okay yeah but gilliam bad
we're on the same wavelength and she'll
it's her maybe they killed Angie
maybe Angie was their first child and
they killed her my boyfriend's Channel
literally now she's sitting on the couch
waiting to watch Alicia Pro
update time long go clean never have I
ever never have I ever seen it goes to
this after my mom's newly found Twitter
Fame she also became obsessed with a few
new youtubers after watching every night
wish in an achievement got so invested
that she started watching the videos we
would watch without us you gotta wait to
leave why did you just say the arts and
crafts thing Alicia I don't know about
what were you doing this morning without
us shame did then tweet that video to
Alicia and she did respond again just
adding to my mom's Twitter Fame the last
thing I want to leave you with is this
gift and I truly believe that it is a
gift because my mom sent shade and I
this hi it's Alicia Marie and oh it's
the end of the Christmas vlog I'm so sad
this is so depressing but we're target
target adventures oh my god it's Ashley
oh hello we're in the home decor
together love this and it's 50% off but
you bought it at full price I bought
this pillow full price dunt dunt dunt
okay I just need to get some celery
oh there's some celery and oh that
doesn't look good
oh we just believe that there here's
Ashley she's dribbling down the line and
she shoots and she good job oh I just
need to get some deodorant now and oh
let's see
bears carrying coconut okay so you got
some dealer it now I did tell her if she
wanted to be a vlog star she should
start by filming horizontally but then
she responded and said that it was too
much of work so she's giving up her
YouTube dreams I have for this week's
video I hope you enjoyed it this will be
the last of my Christmas saga from I
guess this past year but I hope you
enjoyed this video make sure you give it
a thumbs up and subscribe and do all
that fun stuff I am going to be making
videos every single Tuesday and I've
listed all my social media accounts just
right here if you want to hang out with
me in between uploads thank you guys so
much for watching and supporting my
channel I love you very much goodbye
