hey guys welcome to my brand new life as
a beauty guru yes today I am going to be
doing what I got for Christmas video and
let me tell you I'm a little bit nervous
because I've never done a sit-down video
like this before I had zero intentions
of making one of these but after
watching about 300 of them and becoming
strangely addicted to watching other
people talk about what they got for
Christmas I decided that I too was going
to make one of these videos this is a to
brag or anything I know that everybody
says that but I just did think that this
would be a fun video I know that a lot
of these things are very privileged so
this is hopefully just for some
entertainment I also have the best
boyfriend in the world and he did the
cutest thing for Christmas my heart's
melting just thinking about it okay
let's just get started with what I got
for Christmas I'm gonna start with
shades gifts because like I said it was
adorable for most of his gifts he
actually had a youtuber intro what he
was going to give to me and it started
with one of my favorites for M life and
I don't know if you guys know this about
me but I really do like watching all the
beauty gurus on YouTube like Alicia
Marie update time I watched their vlogs
almost every day and I just love them hi
Rylan it's your favorite Asian Queen I
hope you enjoy your present from Shane
at Merry Christmas and I can't wait to
go on vacation together soon okay love
you bye so I'm obsessed with her intro
I've obsessed with her vlogs and she
knows that so he got me this shirt right
here that says I'm on vacations which I
absolutely love I think it's so cute and
actually pretty fashionable so you're
gonna see me wear it a lot on these
vlogs next II had another one of my
favorites which just so happens to be
Trisha Paytas introduce this gift that
I'm so obsessed with because I've
actually been looking for something like
this for months
hey queen of Ireland so this next
present is something I think you'll love
I also think you'll need because you
really really need to step up your car
vlog game next miss Trish is the queen
of eating and most importantly she's the
queen of vlogging in her car which is
why she had her introduced this gift
obviously which just so happens to be a
custom iPhone holder for my car not only
will it hold my iPhone but it will also
hold of my vlogging camera which is
everything next he had Trevor had a
queen of YouTube music videos introduced
this gift hi Queen enjoy this next gift
from Shayne it is going to help you be
more of a pop star because right now you
are looking like a flop star sis so
enjoy it and use it well okay bye so I'm
not actually really sure how this
correlates with me becoming a pop star
but I don't actually care they're these
cute slippers with cats that are
flipping the world off I love them so
much that I haven't actually taken them
off since Christmas and my sister fell
in love with them too so I actually got
her a pair as well
next up we have Sophia Nygaard we do
actually watch her videos a lot she is
very creative and doing something so
different on YouTube which I appreciate
oh hello Ryland I think you're really
gonna like this next present so much in
fact you're gonna want to wear it for an
entire week and he actually followed
that gift up with Usher obviously
because that's a lot of what Sophia does
is wear things for a week but this shirt
is actually from one of my favorite TV
shows Riverdale and it is a girl size
but I think I can fit into it and I
definitely will wear it it says pops
shucks shop so the lesson final youtuber
that Shane reached out to was actually
potentially my favorite youtuber out
there and I just say that because I do
watch every single vlog that this girl
puts out so I was screaming when he
showed me the video from this girl and
if you haven't already guessed it it's
Alicia Marie and said she's so obsessed
with coffee as am i she said this update
time Merry Christmas Rylan I hope you
enjoy your nill think of me every time
you have I was actually died so we did
meet her before because shade collabed
with her and she was so nice and I think
I did tell her how creepily involved in
her channel that I am but I think it's
fine now I've seen her a few times so
we're good but this is the gift that
Shayne followed that up with because I
mean what else would he do following
that okay so are you ready for our brand
new coffee station this is honestly one
of my favorite gifts oh I thought you're
heard of me I'm like I helped make it I
know so not only did he get me a bunch
of things to make a coffee station he
had planned out in his mind where we
were gonna put it and how we were gonna
set it up wait this is a big deal what
do you mean hold on I'm gonna take out
my cough drop cuz it's making my face
look fat okay no this is a big deal
because I'm taking over this area over
here was a huge part of my channel that
I haven't really I literally falling off
my Fit Merry Christmas but this area was
like my set kind
for a lot of my videos for the last few
years oh my god and I'm moving on from
it and I'm not really doing videos there
anymore so I thought what's a more
grown-up thing to have in this area
bitch a coffee station okay now you can
show it so our IP to Shane's old set
here is but don't worry the food videos
are coming back so here is our brand new
coffee station which i think is so cute
so Shane got me a new keyring cuz our
old one is busted and moldy over there
we've got all different kinds of flavors
of coffee if you come over here there's
gonna cheat oh I love them and then the
best part about this is the new
Starbucks espresso maker machine that
also does coffee that's so cute it makes
so many fun drinks I love we love sugar
cup no ok so then he got me three cups
as well to add to the coffee station
which I thought were so cute
this is his hot mess this one for Ryland
and then this one we actually saw Alicia
use in her vlog today can we talk about
this cup though good morning guys which
just means that it was perfect for her
to intro this gift did you know did you
get her that what did you get her that
mug and me that mug so that we'd be like
oh my god he said an orb oh my god this
house is not well this house is haunted
but not in this room there's also lots
of coffee oh my god who has those CDs
and there's this one as well all of
Shane splendas all gonna get cancer and
then our collection of coffee cups has
now moved to here okay so that is the
end of his YouTube saga for Christmas
presents but he did also get me a few
things
unintrusive er starting with potentially
my favorite gift that he gave to me and
it's so small but it's so meaningful he
found this keychain that seems as if it
were made for the two of us it's a
combination of things that we are for
each other I'm obsessed with heads-up
pennies and I picked them up
everywhere I see them on the street
because I am one of
people that believe a heads-up penny
means good luck and that I'll actually
have good luck for the entire day that I
find it a shade and I call each other
dad which stemmed from dog dad because
when we got animals we started calling
each other dads in regards to the
animals so he found this beautiful
keychain that says be safe dad on a
heads-up penny that jingles inside of a
little keychain but I was dying when I
saw this I was basically crying because
it feels like it was just made for us
you know Wow okay so the epic finale
from Shane was something that's a little
too bougie for me to even process but
I'm so grateful because I really really
really didn't need it it started with
this hard drive as a hint and then it
turned into this beautiful side of an
iMac that says Souls I've been needing a
new computer to edit so bad the shades
surprised me by getting me the brand new
Mac it's not here yet because it wasn't
even available in stores when he got it
but this time that he put it on is so
cute and I'm so excited and I'm so
grateful because he really thought about
what I needed in life you know so when I
was with Shane's family his mom and his
brother they also got me very thoughtful
gifts shades brother and his wife got me
this beautiful Britney Spears shirt
which I'm actually in love with I think
I've worn it three times since they've
given it to me and it's just a throwback
to old school Britney and it's comfy and
it stops and it's cute and then Shane's
mom typically gets us pictures which I
love so much she got me this beautiful
frame that has 1 million subscribers
inscribed inside of it with the date
that I hit a million subscribers and
also the photo is the one Shane took of
me when he got me balloons and a cake
and I think it's just a really good
memory I'm actually gonna have it on my
end table next to my bed so I can kind
of just wake up and remind myself of
what I'm doing every day ok so I'm
moving on to my family when Shane and I
went home to Colorado to celebrate
Christmas with them first up I'm talking
about what
sister got me she actually killed it
this year she got something that I
really needed and went above and beyond
in doing so she got me these beautiful
sunglasses and not only are they
sunglasses they're Ravens and they fit
me perfectly and I think they're very
stylish sizes are very hard for me to
find because they never fit my small
head right I really thought it was cool
that she kind of splurged on me not only
did she give me that but she also got
shane and i a joint gift of pool
floaties from Target and then she got us
this big inflatable taco and then my
brother also killed it he got me some
brand new running shoes these Nikes
right here I actually really needed new
Nikes I never buy myself new shoes so
this is great so I think this was a very
big success my mom and dad got me and
Shane the same gift the same two gifts
actually which was very needed for me
and very needed for him they actually
got us these electric Donna Care Philips
toothbrushes which I'm obsessed with
I've actually already used it since I
got it there's so many different
settings there's like whitening cleaning
gum help all of these fun things my
teeth have never felt cleaner in my life
and there's this refreshing vibrating
sensation after you finished next up
they both got us these cute office desk
lamps because they know we have this
long table that we both sit at to work
and it's not lit very well so in here
are the cute lights that my parents got
us we have one for each side of the
table like I said but they're so cute
this is what they do so they can really
bed any way you want them to and then if
you come down here you can turn the
light up you can turn the light down and
what if that was really cool is that you
can change the tone of lighting that
there actually is in the room and I also
thought that it could make for good
selfie lighting the really cool part
about these lights is there's actually
two USB ports built into them so it's
perfect for working spaces so that you
can charge all of your different
products my aunt Monica will also
celebrate Christmas with us every year
because they also live in Colorado which
is very fun and they got Shane and I
these cute magnets along with some
Chipotle gift cards and they told us to
guys switch
it was for which person and I'm gonna
let you guys do the same
the last presents I got this year were
from myself actually because when I was
out Christmas shopping I couldn't help
but also five things that I fell in love
with so the things that I got myself are
as follows firstly I got myself some
Apple earpods which I'm obsessed with
the reason that I got these Apple
earpods is because if you have one of
the newest three or four versions of the
iPhone you know that there isn't a
headphone jack and you need the little
connector and it's always lost and then
you can never have headphones so I
finally just decided to go and buy
myself the wireless ear pods which I'm
actually in love with now that I've been
using them for about a week and a half I
will say that these are worth the amount
of money that they cost I know they're
pretty expensive but I will say here in
the market for some headphones these are
ones that I would give the last thing
that I got for Christmas well for myself
were these shoes right here I know I
just said that I never buy tennis shoes
for myself but these are more so shoes
for an outfit than for the gym they're
actually the Pharrell Williams line that
adido launched and I just was at the
store shopping for some ugg slippers for
Shane and I decided that they were just
very cool and stylish so I did buy
myself some shoes as well but those are
the pic oh my god I also forgot about
this Britney shirt that Shane got me as
well and that you guys concludes what I
got for Christmas video let me know in
the comment section below if you like me
sitting down and talking to you in this
way or if you just prefer me vlogging I
want to talk all about it
my uploading schedule has been a little
strange due to Christmas and New Year's
and all of that but moving forward in
January I still will be uploading on
Tuesdays I have some fun things planned
for all of it yeah if you want to hang
out with me in between uploads I have
listed all of my social media accounts
just right over here thank you guys so
much for watching and supporting my
channel I love me very much
good
