why can't you just help me what do you
think I'm doing where's your shirt
so I'm not sure if you guys have seen
but we have this coyote that keeps
coming back and he's just a baby coyote
but the animals are going crazy so I
think he's here right now
he's so cute and he's just trying to
survive I know that but the problem is
his natural instincts are to kill and he
would be alive oh he's so cute though
alright we're going on our walk happy
vlogmas okay so I'm about to get into
the shower and Shane said that he got us
a surprise I got to an off-the-shoulder
what are you wearing
don't you mean what's wearing me I want
to show off my collarbones yeah okay
what's my surprise
puzzle
they're both soaps that look like
holiday pie look at this are you ready
for this no this is soap okay you can't
eat this
show it to me let's take a look what
it's a pie it looks and smells like a
pumpkin pie that does not look
comfortable to scrub your body with you
never scrub your body with pie it's
great how does it work
cut off a slice and then we rub it on
our bodies just like normal pie is it
soft no okay let's cut into her yeah why
would you eat it
oh it's tricking me this looks like
whipped cream so you just cut it like a
pie to glass that's such a small piece
looking me you're not eating it shake my
butt yeah you're so bad at kind of high
do you want to try yeah first let me
pick something Shane
fine fine no no booty you'll die well
does it smell good yeah all right let's
shower wait we're not throwing about
ready oh I mean I guess we don't have to
this is as much skin as I'm gonna show
up date soaked was really gross and
didn't work very well just imagine this
sitting in your bathroom shame stop
trying to take off my towel they're
playing Christmas music if the voltage I
love and I just realized that uh it's
gonna be very hard to not shop for
myself shopping for other people we
could do this so I found my friend
Lizzie who you haven't met yet but let
this be her introduction is literally
all of that for you yes
you're a monster me or die go Christmas
shopping for my boyfriend I love these
blankets and they're so soft but I have
no one to get one for besides myself I
feel like I should give them an
introduction to us yeah because we've
known each other for like seven years
now we met we were both working really
terrible jobs I worked in a girl
janitor's closet that was converted to
sell juice and I was waiting tables that
we started making really really cringey
videos together I think the first of
which was us chasing a chicken everyone
we're going to feed a chicken right now
I really don't want to even touch it oh
let me bite but really do they bite no
no pecking you it'll peck at you it
picks they don't have teeth look at how
sweet it is it's not gonna hurt you do a
boss hogg
wallow it I never want to be your lover
and that was the second one the first
one was you helping me fix my car help
my car won't start
why can't you just help me
what do you think I'm doing where's your
shirt go quick heart actually broke down
in real life and then Ryland offered to
help me like he knows how to fix car I
don't think you ever gave me a choice
you would scream call me and be like get
over here now
cool usually I wear makeup in public but
next year I'm gonna be too famous to be
like this you know I literally asked
Lizzie to take on the opposite side of
the mall look at the bottom of her car I
am wig less people to think I'm doing
Wow bitch me so in high school I like
your high school friends this is crazy I
thought I was messy right now because he
actually has to get some rabies shots
okay baby come on shake are you high
no last time he was here his balls got
chopped off and he was in a neck brace
for weeks
I just got home and I thought it would
be the perfect time to tell you a story
back in the day when I first moved to
Hollywood I was actually Justin Bieber's
photo double multiple times it started
for CSI and then I did his Macy's
Christmas commercial and just kind of
every time he acted his people would
call me it's been multiple year since my
commercial agent reached out and he was
like hey Ryland
Justin's people are looking for a photo
double for him and they're wondering if
you could audition and I was like I've
literally worked with them five times if
they really want me they should just
direct booked me and my ego is now above
being a photo double for somebody
because being a photo double is just
showing up on set for somebody and kind
of sitting in for them when they're not
actually being recorded so it's kind of
like a side hustle job I was like I
would in no way but because it's Justin
Bieber I will submit an audition tape
because I want the story and I wanted to
share with all of you guys so my agent
was like okay I mean you've got it like
you've basically booked the job but they
still just want to like see you for
proportions and like how you've grown
and stuff I was like okay what am I
gonna do in there like well you just got
a singing dance to his song of friends
honestly this was unlike oh I'm not
ready for this
first of all I remember going through my
closet and trying to find the most
Justin Bieber s out of it that I could
find and this is what I came up with I
literally cannot dance I joke that I
want to be a pop star but in all reality
I know that is not a reality for me
worst lip syncher ever I also realized
this when I was filming a music video
that lip singing is such a craft and I
have not mastered it whatsoever
it's like somebody with too much
confidence and zero Talent this shot is
giving me life I mean literally thinks
AHA when you're at six acting like a TED
the self-confidence is out of control
here well needless to say I didn't book
it this is me practicing my heads down
while uploading footage into my computer
because I'm really really really trying
to perfect a perfect handstand as you
can see I'm nowhere near close yet for
this video I've also now in Colorado
where it's snowing I hope you enjoyed
this vlog it was a little bit different
a little more casual but I hope you guys
have a very Christmas and I'll see you
later next week thank you so much for
watching and supporting my videos I love
you very much good
