on the twelfth day of Christmas I killed
my fucking dog then I killed my cat okay
so we've been Christmas shopping all day
long and of course shade has got
multiple different kinds of peace don't
expose me oh um yeah here's the thing I
love peeps because I relate to peeps
they're big and usually people don't
like them me what are you shopping for
them I said why are you gonna waste your
money and time and calories
on that it's not what your friends told
you about me anyways so I saw these
which are very old they're pumpkin spice
latte beats and they literally look like
my balls look at that look upset my
balls my balls now that looks like your
balls whenever they are in your honor
you're like ankle stop I mean that ball
was good there's good it tastes like
your balls but a little more Christmas
Eve whoa okay I'm not a fan of peeps at
all but as this bottom layer so we're
outside of a Rite Aid waiting for a
prescription to be filled and we thought
to pass the time what could be fun would
be shopping for each other but on a
budget
what kind of budget should we give each
other Shane stop I'm eating that little
piece ass
what kind of budget are we working with
okay I wasn't listening to you but I'm
sure you've explained it wrong we're
gonna give each other a limit of ten
dollars and we could go into that right
aid while my adderall is being made and
the farmers leave and find each other
present and we're gonna come back into
the car and surprise each other with our
ten dollar presents picking my nose but
great that's my way of saying YouTube
has been hard lately
that was not me he was literally
pointing it at that lady who I'm wishing
I was cameraman okay so ten dollars has
to be special has to mean something has
to make me cry challenge accepted let's
do this
I love shopping a budget of $10 is not a
lot I guess I should start in the
holiday section make this festive oh he
loves food food will make him cry right
okay I've already been distracted from
the challenge because only cause there's
candy everywhere oh my fucking god it's
bigger than my head I was gonna say this
is me but it's not full of cheese mm-hmm
this is it oh my god how much is this I
can't find out how much it is oh my god
okay
it's all happening update its $40 a
little out of budget a lot of budget I
really want to get in this big weird
dick thing that wraps around your neck
and massages you but it's $20 look how
happy she is suffocated by the deck I'm
journaling about it mmm
oh my god me when I'm a baby
literally what the doctor called me when
I got out of the womb I want a dead girl
I was thinking about these socks because
who doesn't love comfy socks but then
literally somebody shit on them that's
probably out of the budget for us I need
that okay so okay for my present shame
what are you doing
directed by how crazy shit has gotten in
the Christmas card section what do you
mean I got seven cards for no reason
these are birthday funds nobody's
birthdays right now okay so we've made
it back home and I have wrapped my $10
gift for Shane and I've told him to do
the same I got crazy only yeah that
off-the-shoulder look is a really sub
thing okay so who should open gifts
first fine mine are very pretty I spent
a lot of time wrapping them so I guess
you can take gander oh no honey this is
not your blog burner Dawson this is not
dogmas although that's a great idea
these animals are being too much on the
twelfth day of Christmas I killed my
fucking dog then I killed my cat who's
eating your other present guys all right
oh now come on okay so this first one I
just thought would be great for you to
sip your favorite drink out of during
the holiday season oh here's a bloody
nose I love that no it's a oh it does
look it literally looks like somebody
ripped his fucking nose ah is that a
joke that the point
like the tea was so hot it like ripped
his nose off it's a personalized gift
for you Shane is this me middle school
and I got punched in the face I can't
take you serious with that sure okay so
what should we name him my shirt no my
snowman Cup I got you Oh Shane yeah
because that's what my name was in
middle school when I got punched in the
face okay
promise me you'll actually use it but
there is one more and this one is
actually for the both of us
sounds double ended hey I got it for a
bargain there's a hole in the back of
your shirt - where are you going what
are you doing why because of my gift oh
do you not remember what happened last
time we tried to do that yeah okay but
this one has pre-made icing and I
thought that you and I could actually
sit together and bond you just want a
video idea no I just want you and I to
spend time together we could have sex I
got it for a bargain I it was $15 sex
with you forever it was 50% off $5
dollars and I will let you only take off
15% of my clothes fine we all have to do
it together but I'll do it by myself
that's me when we have sex okay my turn
okay that one's not from Starbucks it's
just trashed from earlier but I put a
gift in it I love this bag oh what fun
yeah it's sponsored by Ricky Dillon okay
find us which one should I open first
probably not and you only spend $10
right that's a bonus gift in that fun oh
my gosh and there's added popcorn for
extra fun fun I picked that up off the
floor
you know but I do love this we could put
this on while we're getting intimate fun
for a while we're making it your bed
house should we see if it actually oh no
does it take batteries because I didn't
do that
and there's a screwdriver involved next
I thought this could be a whole nother
video literally left the Starbucks trash
in the back oh wait I think there might
be a sandwich in here hold on okay home
DNA collection kit a paternity test to
see if I I'm pregnant no that's that's
DNA who's the daddy oh when we get Lisa
pregnant wait what no no we can like put
Uno's on there and then ours and send it
in and see what this oh it's like seeing
where my history is no that's a
sponsorship and that's 23andme and
that's coming next month huh I'm talking
no Dan Pusa daddy like you take the test
and then a baby takes a test and you
tells you if the baby is yours but I
don't have any kids out there who know
it'll be funny yet cuz the people at the
lab will say that's not human how are we
gonna film their reaction we're not but
it's cook bait doesn't matter your gifts
were kind of a bust
don't worry sweetie real Christmas
hasn't happened you have a chance to
redeem yourself I was trying to give you
a thumbnail option we took a paternity
test Oh who's the daddy Oh see when
you're thinking in terms of thumbnails
I'm here for that that's how I'm only
ever thinking let's take our dummy oh my
god all right we broke up by video I do
ever take a video coming out this week
of this Thursday and I do have some
quick fake Christmas merge still
available everything that's left is only
ten dollars so get it while you can I
love you very much good
