three-two-one
and you can I'm honest just click like
at share
surprise we're doing a collab oh hello
hey you guys good morning
it's literally 3 p.m. because you say
hey what's up you guys and everyone's
like you copy Shane so I'm gonna say hey
you guys good morning think of something
else no I love mornings you that's not
your catchphrase
I love morning okay so I know that we're
sponsored together couple goals you love
mornings you're kissing my hand you're
saying goldfish your boyfriend actually
yes I surprised you this morning with
the sponsorship for Christmas so the
sponsorship is best fiends which I'll
let you explain but I'm really excited
because I asked them hey can we do
something insane and they were like
literally doing everyone so we're gonna
be doing punk edits on each other today
on each other you're like I'm not
excited about this video but I'm excited
about this Amy have you ever done a Best
Fiend sponsorship no I've been a
youtuber for like five months
they literally sponsor everybody yeah I
mean I've seen a lot of best fiends
videos so I'm very familiar and I do
play the game I dabble alright well here
you go this is your big that's means
moment so first of all you guys best
foods is free which is my favorite type
of game cuz everyone can afford it
including me so best beans is actually a
puzzle adventure game where you collect
and build a team of beautiful fiends to
defeat slugs by matching same color
objects and they are having their
biggest holiday up day at bar with over
a hundred and fifty brand new level and
a chance to win a character exclusive
white Santa Terry's what is this voice
this is my youtuber voice this video is
making me continue make sure you
download the game vote free and if you
download now using my link that I've
listed below you will get five dollars
of gold and diamonds fo free so thank
you so much best fiends for sponsoring
this video I'm so excited and make sure
you download it it's a might
scription section but Wow okay let's go
get some punk looks so James dragged me
to Hollywood Boulevard are you ready for
the inspiration yeah did people make
Punk get it to me
there's no punk edits of you because
people knew that was impossible but I
did pull some that I think you'll relate
to so first I have this hunk edit of
ariana grande oh okay I'm living she has
not one less problem but a lot of
problems and she's emotional now I know
you're probably thinking I'm sure
there's no punk edits of my clean Taylor
Swift why oh but there is
oh my god she looks like the lead singer
of Paramore Hayley Williams is that you
Hayley's like no Taylor has 500 million
so you're going for all the people that
shouldn't be Punk'd but half punk edits
you and this Isabella and I don't know
if it's real or an editor I think that's
well now I was trying to find your other
Queens Hilary Duff and this is the only
one I could find you know if you make me
look like that I will leave this video
and it's my channel and then last but
not least I'm really feeling this
creative load we are not shaving my head
with abuse for the themes let's go
shopping
Shane I feel like this is more in line
with my brand I like this because I feel
like it's like ironic when you actually
want you're gonna get me a Lizzie
McGuire shirt for my Punk edit this is
okay so we just look and I think that
pretty much wraps up our shopping I'm
done I did so much food okay guys so
it's a little bit later tonight we just
finished shades video and he felt it way
too much usually it take everything off
right after we're done filming bitch
this is me forever
shut up I cannot live with that however
this is what we actually have left on
the table which means all of this stuff
is for me it doesn't really look very
gothic or punky so what are you gonna do
to me well I don't want to give it all
the way all right well where should we
start tab so I like this one because if
you flip it this way it looks like ha ha
ha this way it looks like a panic attack
oh you've never had a baby to take home
no and also just look at your face yeah
it's everything so then I was gonna put
this smiley over your neck oh it's kind
of like your neck is laughing I like the
praying hands cuz living with me you're
gonna be bug scary that's my current
mood oh this one I've been saving this
is a full arm tattoo okay so what's the
vision vision is my little bitch also
hello vlog miss hello hello don't try to
make this vlogmas no we have to keep the
Christmas theme on my channel throughout
well Utah I am serving Krampus vibes
I knew it Krampus so I was thinking like
have some body tats as well you're gonna
be wearing clothes oh we we could work
them up we can scissor that we can tear
them for love scissoring so let's start
with the neck oh my god by two mouths
you know much talk ability a crunch wrap
in a burrito at the same time alright
big reveal okay ready and go oh oh my
god I love that you could suck two dicks
okay I want to put this on your arm a
pot don't care about rules Shane it's
gonna suck to clean that up I'm clean
but I'm the maid wait don't put that in
the video because I'm the one it cleans
that is untrue you wanna fight about it
we end this tonight all right
we I like it it actually looks really
good
see I'm the kind of person that can't
get a tattoo because I can't commit to
anything except for me right yeah
also we put a bullet hole over his
pimple just don't expose this hot tip if
you have acne just get some pay stacks
for some reason you just look like Lady
Gaga to me
I guess it's time for makeup okay so
I've never worn eyeliner in my life
we like Jeffrey Stern his boyfriend
what's up everyone I'm like budget okay
well I'm scared it's makeup close your
eyes
okay stop you're messing it up
oh it's so uncomfortable how and it's in
my eyes this just looks like I'm sad
perfect
there give you a teardrop and that makes
sense that means they killed someone
right is that what that means yes then
the lady Chipotle is dangerous I already
wear contact so I can't put those on top
you can't do layers of contacts then
take your car that caught the visa so
you want me to be a bowline too Punk I
guess I could put my glasses on
all right time for these I reveal whoa
wait don't look good you can serve your
kind of looking like the creepy cat from
Alice in Wonderland and I'm the big fat
slug caterpillar I've never done this
before who with the glasses now you look
like a 35 year old that works at a
coffee shop
who's having a breakdown let me get the
back oh yeah block the haters so I'm not
actually positive what you were creating
today I do exactly what I'm doing which
is what turning you into Avril Lavigne
okay so what's my fit well do you want
me to show you or do you want it to be
surprised oh it's just having be
surprised we love a clip maker I wonder
what's gonna happen oh you'll find out
in two seconds
I've never been more ready in my boy
come on out why are you walking in slow
motion I'm conflicted because I feel
like Bella Thorne on a Tuesday night we
sure everybody already knows about my
nipple piercing but I also feel punk
rock so I don't know if I'm sad or just
like hardcore man I think it looks so
good like wait actually look at me like
do a full turn I did so good you look
really cool are you serious yes we're in
real life could I show up like this uh
right at our door because the post mates
here come on it'll be like your first
experience in real life as a punk okay
follow me like cafe okay but also I
can't see him I think he's coming just
act cool explain why there's a bullet
wound in your header how'd it go
I mean I'm left embarrassed because I'm
pretty bad now you really look like you
work at a coffee shop do you want to see
what you look like yeah oh no I like put
them on it so sad I was thinking about
like what would this man blog about like
good morning guys it's bog bass I'm
gonna go to my coffee shop and like read
age and then listen to some old-school
Avril Lavigne and tonight I'm going to a
punk rock show unsubscribe
all right big reveal three two one
you well no take the glasses off I mean
I won't be able to see my see isn't it
better now okay so I get it it's just so
far from reality for me why do you look
better as a punk rocker than me
because I have an edge you haven't had
any pain in your life so you're
emotional and that's putting you ahead
of me yeah I like my life that was
supposed to be like you getting shoved
in like the schoolyard you don't even
know what that feels like do you you're
a poser I'm sorry
kids like me and high school it's not
for me but I get it I feel like I'm a
lesbian
I don't have my vagina peers if that's
what you're thinking you look better
than me I know just give me that one
time okay just one day of my life
all right you guys that is all I have
for this week's video I hope you liked
our Punk edit collab I love us I really
think we look good okay I'm not hating
this it's probably because I can't see
but we also did this unchanged channel
you can go check it out right now and I
don't know what my life is out anymore
oh okay get away from here pink hair you
enjoyed your time here make sure you hit
that like button and subscribe because I
make new videos every single week and
again thank you to best fiends for
sponsoring this video I would have never
been able to afford really any of this
without you
thank you very much for watching and
supporting my channel I love it very
much guys I hope you liked today's video
I did also post two videos last week
that you can find right over here and
here and I do still have a limited
amount of clickbait Christmas merch that
you can find in my description section
below okay
