okay Shane welcome to vlogmas on the
channel
just like it
good morning to you guys is about 7 to 8
a.m. I just woke up I'm going to take
photo for a walk but it is Wednesday and
that means that we're shooting our music
video today I'm gonna be taking you
behind the scene the entire day wow my
god some buckle up bitches it's gonna be
a long one also I just realized that in
today's video is the first time you saw
the official vlogmas intro which was a
part of my music video that I'm shooting
today that you saw earlier this week but
initially this whole production was just
for that 10 second intro clip for vlog
myths but it turned into this huge music
video production so I hope you liked it
it's gonna be here all December long all
right so I gotta get all my stuff drink
my coffee and wake up shame cuz we gotta
go video shoot and I'm actually very
nervous what was that noise
not me about to shit my pants man it's
gonna be great you're gonna kill it it
won't be as good as my Christmas music
videos because I'm literally queen of
Christmas
but it'll be fine that's encouraging
give them a rundown so what's on the
agenda today well lots of fake snow lots
of glitter lots of sequins lots of
dancers we love a gay Santa Oh sup girl
sup bro hey say hi to the
behind-the-scenes of the video excited
so much work okay you guys so we're
setting up for the video everyone's
getting props ready and it's looking
beautiful just what are you doing over
here Jessa's also set up a very sensible
catering table that looks beautiful she
even got Donuts oh my god it's lit so I
dragged Shane into the bathroom because
I actually have a surprise for you is it
my new name tag because me that is so
dirty
paragraph no I actually got you perfect
present for the holidays pre holidays
because I want you to look good when you
go home to see my family for Christmas
it's a shit shower and shave kids first
of all this is clearly a brandy but this
is stuff that I need to do should shower
and shave my favorite part about this is
the buck wipes for after you go number
two because I actually buy those for
myself but these ones are amazing why am
I not sponsor for this I literally need
to do all these things maybe that's why
I'm not sponsored so this starter set is
available to new members for only five
freaking dollars so features their razor
like I showed you and then their three
most featured products so you'll get
shea butter body wash and the buff wife
is like I was talking about wait I know
this is a brand deal but like I actually
need this this sounds so fake but it's
not it fights razor bumps that's my
problem is my razor bumpy skin lucky for
you that still is available at
dollarshaveclub.com slash Rylan
I mean I was actually stoked because I
need all these doesn't any worse ride
the Baron get pitted so pitted That's
not me no but honestly Shane and I have
been using the same electric razor since
I've moved into his house and it's so
gross so
I needed this very very bad should I try
this on camera yeah that my ass is gonna
smell like a gingerbread that's why my
house really fast
that's brain family right the products
are honestly beautiful they're my
aesthetic why are you shirtless oh
because I want you to shave my hair you
know you know what's crazy when I first
met you you had no back here and I was
like that's so weird and you're like
yeah like never had any so I made you
grow back here
you made me more manly you know that's
so hairy my back is gross whoo it
collides so gently no but you guys
honestly why are you rubbing your
nipples oh I don't know I just smell so
good that well honestly Dollar Shave
Club thank you for sponsoring this video
it looks like Christmas threw up in here
Jess Chanukah is wait that looks good it
looks like you work at Target in a
commercial and it looks like you work at
Target right now in real life
my camera to the target
Spencer
I'm so proud of him
you guys look who showed up its Dylan
Gardner everyone the master behind the
song
I'm so excited thank you for being this
more elaborate than any music video I've
ever done okay let's do it
we've said it happen I thought I didn't
have a mental breakdown the whole week
before this I'll be like it I hope you
had fun I know we did okay Shane welcome
to vlogmas on the channel
wait what you're doing for long this I
mean I had been promoting it as such and
why are we making a gingerbread house
why don't we at Starbucks why are we
underneath the mistletoe oh I'm gonna do
like my own version of vlogmas where i
upload twice a week but Tuesday's the
only one that's promised so that's just
being a lazy youtuber no more I thought
of partnership a toss could have seven
channels and upload every single day
then bitch get on her level all right
well anyway for at Shane's mom's house
because I wanted her to react to my
Christmas music video cuz I just I love
her reaction I also kind of want her to
roast you so that we can call this video
Shane's mom roast me Todd we're here oh
my gosh when she's more festive than us
happy vlogmas this literally feels like
the set of a hallmark movie ok first of
all I love your choices and books I hate
you don't leave me sometimes I have
crazy so are you ready I'm ready ok ok I
feel so honored oh my gosh hello so
happy
I loved it what's clapping like remember
how is to thumbnail title said we got
new cat but that was not the capital
right clickbait yeah my example
this video is probably gonna be called
my boyfriend's mom roasts me but you're
not really roasting him so we have to
figure out a way for you to roast him
yes like say the meanest thing that you
could about the video or about you or
about me in general like I'm too ugly
for your son or something not
technically a roast you could burn him
yeah like you could pour hot coffee on
him that works oh okay okay wait because
this is for a click beep yeah so if you
could stab ya like pretend to stab him
okay oh my god oh my god
I like it alright you guys if you
haven't seen the music video it is live
please go show it some love and I do
also want to give a huge shout out to
Dollar Shave Club for sponsoring this
video I genuinely love their products
but that is all I have for today's video
if you enjoyed your time here make sure
you hit that like button and subscribe
to my channel because I am trying to
make two videos a week in December
fingers crossed but thank you so much
for supporting my channel I love it very
much goodbye oh wait I also go get some
quick baked christmas merch it is so
cute intact me and some photos when you
get
