hey guys I'm currently in Mexico because
Shane and I decided last minute that we
should enjoy ourselves and spend our
two-year anniversary having a little bit
of fun in the Sun so here we are I
honestly was not expecting to vlog
whatsoever but I ended up doing so so
here is some of the fun that we've had
since we've been here - hello beautiful
I just named that sugar rim that's crazy
sorry keep going no we've been together
for two years now we're at the most
beautiful resort in Cabo and for some
reason we got an upgrade to our room
literally this is the most insane room
I've ever seen in my life and Shane and
I just cracked open our favorite tequila
and we're gonna take a shot to celebrate
our two years of being together do you
ready I'm ready
oh my god this is a loss Cheers sister
I'm gonna be back oh my god I've got to
show you guys this pool in this hotel
bells you got a little bit later I
detect some video of a sunset
and strollers too long okay so now that
it's morning time there's all of our
food from last night but I also had to
show you the view of this hotel
starting with my beautiful boyfriend I
can tell that you have to read this way
gucchi so Shay did get me Gucci slides
for our anniversary kind of as a joke
but also to be real this sliming
waistline look how beautiful this is
it's actually inside I want to move in
but the best part about it is this you
we have this huge patio and then it
comes out into this
then when you come back in this room
you're giving her room to know I think
the best part about this entire room
though is if you come out here so that's
the master bedroom over here but right
off the master bedroom there's a hot tub
that overlooks the ocean and then we
have legitimately our very own pool and
you can also access it from the shower
in our bedroom
that's the shower you can jump out into
the pool that overlooks the beautiful
ocean in Cabo
and then you go to the bastard bedroom
and they have these beautiful ceilings
that I can't get over whatsoever and
then I've already been taking douchey
pictures in this huge ass master picture
we've got the TV's the shitter the
closet the vanity hi cuz I'm a beauty
guru seven motherfucker the chandelier
bitch so this is actually the second
wing of this entire hotel room that's a
closet back there again another
beautiful bathroom and then you come in
here and this also this balcony might be
even better because you can see more
so Jeff where do you see them we're down
at the beach we came to just like you
know soak it in where do you see them
over here
where
oh he's running away aah oh my god
okay so there's literal crap everywhere
oh my god they're all up the side of
this and he's facing out with his two
eyes this is
this wall is crazy there's literally
hundreds of that okay so we're about to
have our anniversary dinner and look
what they set up for us this is the
cutest thing ever it's at sunset on the
beach
it's
Sonia huh it's a two-year anniversary ow
why did you just break the breadstick on
us it's a Jewish tradition you're not
you don't know that you didn't see my
penis that's not right
tell me what you're grateful for about
me I'm grateful that you love me I love
you and that's what we do Wow so
romantic
I'm grateful for every smile looks on my
stomach I can't even see it if I try
this dinner is really cute and romantic
view loaded I look extremely puffy and I
need a shit that's why I feel after is
there dessert this is like a five course
meal
we're not bougie this is solution you're
like let's do something special for our
anniversary then we were like oh no
we're actually already too full for
margaritas all day oh my god
oh my god happy anniversary that's us
for sure that's the Tisa's oh my god
hurry yeah how am I gonna get a pic
hurry smile big
oh I got it all right let's see we've
moved over to our heart-shaped fire I
guess the only thing to know about me
right now is the light filled set th I
the see where that lady
hello Sean y'all over there woke me up
at 7:00 a.m. he didn't make me coffee
though and now we're sitting in these
beautiful cabanas look at this and the
Sun has just risen
No
what are you doing I guess just a piece
of tea with my CC are sissy T dude what
are you doing on Instagram
okay tea tea tea tea tea but it's so
pretty out here little hat stand hmm
we're at the cutest Mexican restaurant
in the world and it has the same bushes
that are out cut so it makes me feel
like home are you judging me
shame you're very drunk in this entire
block this is not a cute look for you
mr. drop I'm not drunk
honestly they're margaritas are the
these ladies back here to our showing
Shane they have the biggest tits look at
the nipple sir I wish this is not cute
I just felt not cute not cute at all so
I'm we go back this way thank you oh my
god Shane we just got back to the hotel
and there's this beautiful black cat
over here but she has kittens as well
hold on let me see if I can flash a
light on her without her getting scared
literally or screaming over there okay
oh my god okay show us your kittens oh
my god no you can't see them in the vlog
camera should we get them food fish and
chips oh yay oh that is so adorable
oh no don't leave they're so cute
oh my god I wish we had food for them
are they right there the light scares
them okay I'll stop wait no the light is
good
oh the vlog wants to see them whoa
they're skynyrd I'll put the blog light
on me you wonder after brat ha ha
and leave it outside of our door well
they liked our fish and chips the other
night oh and I like them too
in Cabo I just had so much chips in
Oklahoma me oh my god this incline is
too much yes your $100,000 undies yes I
see they ask you how you are you just
have to say that you're fine you're not
really fine but you just can't get into
it where are you kittens I'm falling
okay we got to go inside okay there's a
surprise why are you following come here
sissy I just walked into the bedroom and
look what happened look what had
happened oh my gosh they're so cute here
I don't know we didn't even literally
ask them or anything
what s so cute this is so cute oh they
even look cute oh my gosh and they feel
the top of it
bugs free oh I guess we could put a bath
bomb in let's put about summonses I
can't look everyone drop it well then
you have to open this song someone's cut
off for the night let's see how it is in
the bath oh my god that was pretty
hectic Shane you're later if you're
gonna catch yourself on fire oh my gosh
I can't believe they even put the rose
petals it's now I know this is it one of
my typical vlogs but I'm honestly just
so grateful and filled with love at the
moment I never really thought that I
would find love like you know a lot of
the time you just go along and you're
like oh maybe I'll find somebody maybe I
won't but I still honestly have found my
best friend somebody to spend every
moment with and I couldn't be more
grateful for that
we haven't been doing much except for
doing a lot of drinking a lot of leg
down a lot of pretending that were
Instagram models
most importantly we've done nothing but
hang out with each other which is the
most important reason that we're here so
thank you guys so much for watching and
supporting my journey as well as Shane
video if you enjoyed your time here make
sure you hit that like button and
subscribe because I make new videos
every single Tuesday and if you wanna
hang out with me in between uploads I
have asked all of my social media
accounts just right over there thank you
guys so much for watching and so pretty
much Hannah let me very much good
