I think he thinks he's real what do you
mean Benjamin just doesn't talk yes no
Shane it's not good no you guys are very
excited because today we're headed back
to Dillon Gardner's house cuz I'm making
a very special Christmas vlogmas intro
song are you excited change
sanika christmas cha okay now that's
enough okay and we were thinking a bit
about what it should be about and then
Shane came up with the genius idea I
don't mean to brag but I'm Kesha I'm a
genius so my idea was let's do a song
about vlogmas right but what is vlogmas
its youtubers using Christmas time to
make money and get a bunch of views
right how do they do that quick baked
Christmas so what if the song is called
a clickbait Christmas and it's about
like what you're actually doing on
Christmas and what you say you did to
get views you're lighting the Christmas
tree but it's on fire or for making
cookies and you just ate a gingerbread
man but oh my god I just eat my
boyfriend's leg off oh my god a stranger
broke into my house Anna there's a guy
on my roof trying to get in trying to
kill me it's Anna a clickbait Christmas
can you riff on like a clickbait
Christmas just so I can get an idea of
what we could do well I can't sing like
that a bear is literally in the front of
his head like I see my God he's weird I
can't see him okay let's go to the front
door is he gonna come towards us
oh my face oh my gosh it's you and me
live footage of Shane and I my god oh my
god so they just don't even care that
we're here
so Dylan's gonna record some of the song
right now but wait I start to realize
that I ain't gonna get no views great
lines okay guys so we finished the
vocals I think I've already shown you
too much but Dylan Gardner actually made
me sound good go hit him up on social
media at Dylan Gardner just on
everything right yeah please tell him I
said hi and you can use code Jay Chou's
from 30% off your order
you're welcome okay so I'm doing
something very exciting today and that
is pre producing the music video for my
Christmas song I have just here because
she's gonna be the producing Queen she
could do literally everything I can and
since you have heard this song can you
tell the people that it's a bob oh it's
such a bob y'all don't even know it's
gonna be there it's gonna be wet
all right you guys Saturday and Jess and
I actually already found a location for
the music video that we're so stoked
about are you ready to see the stage oh
my god we're gonna have all of the
colors happening all of the Christmas
decorations there's a green screen and
see what you look like for now I'm
starting to get so excited just I think
it's gonna be fired I'm gonna be on fire
I'm so excited for you to see it
everybody asked for a pair of diapers
for Christmas because y'all are all
gonna shit your pants
I got these fake-ass doing it and these
cute elk fudge
sandwiches that I used to eat when I was
a child what dude I mean I guess Oh
oh my god oh my god food chain is bad
not afraid to deal with conspiracies and
confronting excess but ease back how is
it that good wow it's a Christmas
miracle
and lick our fingers nobody's Duggar
okay so we were at Ralph's and I saw the
Christmas tree that I fell in love with
it's not huge but it's just to start the
Christmas vibe before Christmas actually
launches for babies Rob no okay so we
have this baby tree that's gonna hold
this over until we get our large tree so
yeah it is so cute right
that's not right so then I got a little
carried away and I pulled out the rest
of the Christmas decorations
Cheetos eating all of it and we're
having a blast listening to Christmas
music holidays it's not just Christmas
it's also Kwanzaa Hanukkah Halloween and
alien day I might have made that last
night cheeto also has this cat boyfriend
that comes to our house every single
night but he's afraid of us
so the second he sees me he runs away I
keep trying to give him food so he'll
come inside I want the guys to see him
oh wait they oh hi baby yeah this is a
different one oh my gosh
that's not his actual boyfriend wait
okay
if they get in a fucking fight well come
here he's scared of the camera
come here I'm scared of this cat oh my
god that thumbnail we got another cat
are you ready are you ready he did he's
cute
wait you know you went friend I don't
think this is safe well I'm just gonna
show him he's more brave than the other
one I guess he doesn't love you cheeto
do doot doot doot doot doot doot oh here
and for this week's video if you enjoyed
your time here make sure you hit that
like button and subscribe because I make
new videos every single Thursday if you
want to hang out with me in between
uploads I have listed all of my social
media accounts just right over here and
you guys I'm so fired up for walkers
massage it's quick back Christmas
oh thank you so much for watching and
supporting my videos I love you very
much
