hey guys good morning um so today is
going to be very interesting because if
you didn't see last week's video
Shane actually forced me to talk about
my ex I try not to really talk about my
exes oh my god my heart is racing is
this gonna be somebody I know oh my god
oh my god oh my god see that guy so he
actually has agreed to come over to do a
video so I can talk about our
relationship I'm getting kind of nervous
because he's gonna be here just about an
hour now ah excuse me what what what do
you mean he's coming in an hour yeah oh
I thought you were going to the gym no I
I didn't really want you guys took from
gonna drink the tea sister all of you
guys I'm not just gonna drink the tea
I'm gonna take a sip spit it out cuz
it's too hot and burn both of you wait
no Shane this is gonna be weird if
you're here you know what's even weirder
is I'm watching a video of my
ex-girlfriend and her current boyfriend
yeah I told you that he's coming over to
you while you're cleaning that house
right now what are you talking about
hair on the floor
you're literally cleaning for him oh my
god we're in a house wait are you gonna
like it ready for him cuz this is what
I'm gonna look like no you have to
shower work ball showering we're not
gonna sell him alive yes we are
wait what are you gonna wear are you
gonna try to impress him I'm already
getting jealous no okay maybe this is a
bad idea I cancel I thought you weren't
gonna be here in my house without me
with his six-pack taking his shirt off
getting on my couch I thought it through
I thought that we would meet outside by
the pool and then go down to coffee bean
or something so a date no a conversation
with my ex I'm actually nervous is he
gonna take his shirt off in my house I
kind of wanted to just for the thumbnail
you guys a shower today for the first
time in a while and he should be here
any second I'm really starting to get
nervous now we wait oh my god Shane was
taking out trash and he met Wolfie
before I did
first when you guys when you guys
interact before us okay so I first a
wolfy to sit on the couch with me and
then on the drive over I was like yeah I
know and it's gone down memory lane we
probably haven't sat alone in a room
together in five years a very long time
yeah and I would say I mean I think you
knew this but at the time like I had
never seriously dated someone got me
neither
then after we kind of ended things we
were always in the same rooms together
both populated with like a lot of our
friends cuz we would always be at the
same parties and we were always kind of
like oh I think I was more so weird than
you were hi I'm here to serve some tea
um who broke up with whom you broke up
with me more substantially yeah yeah to
be honest I really remember like the
last breakup moment what I remember
getting a really long text message
here's what I'm sensing before he was
with me Ryland was kind of a not
emotional asshole I would say that
you're emotionally available all the
time I don't think I am no no I didn't
think of other people's feelings at that
time I was very insensitive sociopathic
yeah I think that was mostly like why
are we sort of at least like why I felt
kind of like distant towards the end you
would always plan elaborate dates and we
would do fun things and you didn't do
anything bad now I'm getting mad because
I'm relating now to wolfy which I was
not expecting because when we started
dating I was planning I still kind of do
planning everything doing everything
going out of my way for things and you
were very much like you did a lot for
him I did yeah I was trying to get I'll
try to get you going well then let's get
the real truth tea sister because right
now it's feeling decaf and chamomile and
I want something glasses what actually
happened with this breakup we were
having well can we tell them mature yeah
together got scabies which I think
first of all what is Gabi's scabies is
caused by mites burrowing under the
surface ear skin and as they do this
they lay eggs small blisters and red
patches will form on the skin above each
mite and turn it as a result of reacting
to the mic I don't wish this upon my
worst enemy yeah that's so awful I'm
like a very happy mentally stable
I think person and there was a time
where I actually thought like dying
might have been easier that's how I
thought I mean I did not get like grim
or whatever that actually was how I felt
here's what I'm disconnecting right and
maybe it's because I'm sensitive as are
you here's what I would think right if I
was in a relationship which is what I'm
calling what this was then would you
call it relationship I think that was
part of the issue too is that we don't
really like established it as a
relationship I think a big downfall in
what we were doing as well as that I was
living an out open life in LA but I
hadn't come out to my family yet so I
think that was also a very big game
player in me being emotionally available
and sensitive and stuff because I just
felt like I was still lying to some
people in my life that was a really good
cover-up
Rylander I wasn't out so I was like
nervous no you were just being an ass
when you don't want to calm your
boyfriend what it was on and off for
three or four months maybe longer than
three long and that was like cuz you
were the only man marry seven or eight
months seven or eight months for the
first spot you really were together for
eight months and you said three I had
one guy that lasted a few months I was
about yeah I was like basically almost
living at your house for a little bit
yeah what I was getting at earlier is if
I got scabies with somebody that I was
in a relationship with it for eight
months in my world that would make us
closer so what happened after you can't
spend a lot of time with anyone you're
so you can't really be in the same room
as somebody like you're scared to get it
again yeah what happened after you guys
what I'm saying the minor issues that I
had I just then decided that the scabies
was like the end point that I felt like
it was kind of like an excuse to end
things that was like the motivation to
end things
yeah I mean I don't I I have a couple
but I mean
I have a lot more questions can we go
outside because I'm like getting hot but
T's steaming too hot okay now that we're
outside I have some more questions the
thing I like is that he remembered my
vision board he was like this view is on
your vision board the first time I came
to your house is when I like was like oh
I really like you on your wall it was
pictures and like motivation and on your
vision board it said have a house of the
view and wake up every morning drink
green tea and oh my god that is so
specific at the time I was so broke and
had nothing but I like honestly thought
I could become something yeah was that
like I knew that you were gonna like do
something are you single what's
happening no I have a boyfriend I've
been dating a boy for like a year and
four months so how's it going how is he
he's great his name is Carlos I mean I
relationship with him is completely
different or more like emotionally
available for each other since we have
discovered that I was the asshole in
this relationship did you or do you
still hold the grudge against me no god
no I don't love you like I would do
anything for you like I just have like
all my friend okay but I'll be really
awkward right but did you ever feel like
oh that guy he's such a jerk though I
mean did we make plans to hang out one
night towards like the very end after we
got together for like a month again
after breaking up and I don't think you
know that if you canceled plans and I
was like really looking forward to
seeing you and that was when I like knew
that it was over and I was at my
friend's house and like I went to the
bathroom and locked the door and started
crying I was like wow this is it
okay it's not coming back that was the
only time that I was felt like sort of
like resentment because that was
obviously sad and then it turns like
anger and then I got over it but I'm
gonna cry that is so what were the plans
that he canceled we were just gonna hang
out that night like was on my way out
and then you cancelled and I was like
such an asshole what did you cancel for
it you were just posed to hang out I
think literally like at your house or
something and I was like looking forward
to it all day because we hadn't seen
each other for like a few days and then
when my friends found me crying it was
like this is I'm sorry you know I don't
know that he was that it's fine it was
like a while ago
this is taking a turn oh well now I do
feel like I can actually see you and
have it not be weird which is yeah I
don't I don't like I always felt like I
was like some sort of weirdness that I
was like I don't know why it's perfect
because we can do a double day and then
me and Wolfie will just plant everything
and then you guys won't do shit and then
we'll both cry in the bathroom after I
have an idea when we were talking about
this video you realize you don't have
any pictures with him so then you know
what we should take a photo let's get a
picture of you guys oh yeah I love this
okay keep your shirts on Thanks
oh you literally look the same well I'm
gonna leave you guys to say your
goodbyes but before we do that I'm gonna
give you a hug because I feel for you
and I think there's an emotional and I
love that you're scratching my back I'm
gonna get up you guys hugging on camera
because I think this is a good shot I
feel good okay well I guess goodbye okay
so well if you just left shade my cup is
empty that's how much tea that was just
sure but honestly and I don't want you
to lie for the camera do you feel fine
about the situation because oh my god
you're gonna say do you like him and I'd
say yeah like I think me and him would
actually wash ah okay here's the thing I
knew already that you were not a great
guy in relationships before me because I
fixed you so I knew that it did make me
feel a little sad because I feel like he
is a really sweet guy you guys should
all go follow him up instead Wolfie try
um no I didn't feel like he's a really
sweet guy and I made me a little sad
that you heard him but I'm happy that we
did this because I think that might have
been healing for him too
yeah I felt so awkward around him
previously I think it's for the best and
yeah and I actually liked him a lot
no he's a great guy thank you for doing
this video I hope you guys liked it
alright guys that is all I have for this
week's video very different from what I
normally do but if you enjoyed it hit
that like button and also subscribe to
my channel because I make new videos
every single Tuesday and if you want to
see the first part of this video it
happened last week I'll link it in the
description section below and I've also
put my social media accounts just right
here thank you guys so much for watching
and supporting my channel I love it very
much good bye yeah the idea is you're
uncomfortable and then me and you were
kind of like
I never made it before now this must be
very straight I love it though so let's
move you a little or word yeah just so
you're okay yeah oh that's even better
yeah so I'm just like what the fuck are
you doing
like my man nailed it
