why is this do I know him I try to
really talk about my exes hey guys good
morning Shadid I hosted our annual
Halloween party in our hotel room
oh man she was late it was super lit so
much food I don't even know y'all don't
even know it was crazy
we have Bella Thorne in here she was
making out with everybody I got a finger
we had smashing here half as much with
Anthony Fidel Oh I'm leaving smush we
had jennamarbles roll Isaac oh shit oh
shit oh and scandal she came without
David Oh Harley came without Aaron we're
just not friends now I guess Gabi came
without her book this is my baby
a lot of drama but we couldn't show you
that so we're showing this listen guys
we're gonna be honest - any of our
friends or any fellow youtubers who
consider us YouTube friends and we're
not invited to any parties nobody asked
us I even tweeted I didn't get invited
to any parties everybody liked it but
nobody invited us we literally had
nothing to do but eat food and fuck you
know what it was a good night okay
you guys I'm shaking I've literally not
even kidding at all I was getting a lot
of tweets from you guys that I was about
to hit a million subscribers and I went
to my live subscriber count' on my
social blade and you guys it is going to
happen literally any second what if it
doesn't happen be right back what okay
why is that me
that's love everybody what oh my god you
got me a Suzy cake oh my god I had the
best boyfriend in the world agree we
gotta go in here my computer has it live
cheers big t okay we just have a little
over a hundred more subscribers to go so
should we like set up my photo op being
Christians oh my god wait no the one is
backwards yeah wait yeah that's it I got
a vlog keep this picture and oh my god
this is all happening I'm literally
gonna pass out I literally feel like I'm
gonna die you did great sweetie
well thank you for all my presents and
thank you to all of you for subscribing
to my channel insane and weird I mean I
wouldn't have it any other way
hey guys okay so I've been thinking a
lot lately and after recording my first
song which you know just so happened to
be a diss track you got a psyche a space
and your hair is always dirty I have
realized two things one I can't seem to
save my entire life and two I still very
much so what to become a pop star so
I've been thinking a lot and I have
decided that I want to do the series on
my channel where I become a pop star I
would take vocal lessons record a song
make a music video and then potentially
even perform it for you live but the
problem is that I still can't sing so
Skillshare actually reached out to
sponsor a video on my channel you did
great sweetie and after looking through
their site I decided it was a perfect
fit because they have multiple videos on
vocal lessons which is exactly what I
need so I'm kind of nervous but I found
this one girl that I really trust I
think she's good so I'm gonna go take
her class how do you ever wanted to
learn the tricks of the trade baby
really me this is the perfect course for
you and can help you progress to reach
surgery
I love you okay so after this class by
no means do I feel like a singing
sensation but I do feel like I have the
tools to become a decent singer again I
want to give a huge shout out to
Skillshare for sponsoring this video
they have classes like how to make money
on Instagram or how to film and edit
your videos and since they are
sponsoring today's video the first 1000
of you to use my promo code that I've
listed below will get two months free on
their site otherwise it's less than ten
dollars a month and I hope you guys
check it out because this is funding my
music video which I'm so excited about
this video
I'm still practicing okay we love a good
photo shoot for Shane's new merch we got
just rockin it as well
current moves yeah okay sir you're
bitching me brain like our neck come on
it's real it's real they want truth tea
sister hi sisters I'm not ready to serve
my church - I told him that he should do
a video where he talks about his past
relationship and then he said well
honestly this is the truth tea sister
I've never actually been in a real
relationship before you that's
terrifying
I thought you said that you had like a
relationship before me
that was long no I had one guy that
lasted a few months and I actually did
really like him for the time being I'm
already Josh why did you like him no
bitch you know I wanna gossip so doing
he does for me well no our lives just
we're very connected at the time being I
met him through mutual friends and it
kind of just escalated it is weird
because I have all my relationships
public right on the face
with you I don't know who any of the
people you've dated look like you're
like my first real relationship and the
first relationship that I've ever like
posted about okay here's what I think
you should do number one I think you
should do a video interviewing him oh so
like stealing your video series
confronting my ex it would be an event
because we had so many like underlying
things that were never discussed after
we kind of stopped talking and it's just
like a lot going on in that relationship
so I would be curious to sit down and
talk to him my heart is racing it's
weird like is it weird to see pictures
of me and videos of me like making out
with other people no you know what you
gotta do oh yeah I got even when you
made out with the gabbie show I was like
what I like I can't really watch those
yeah so like to see pictures or even
like him in real life with you I don't
know I think I would cry I feel really
weird right now
well hey he would have to agree to doing
the video with me why is this do I know
him I try not to really talk about my
exes oh my god my heart is racing is
this gonna be somebody I know oh my god
oh my god oh my god I see him back I I
didn't know you were in a relationship
with him I mean I wouldn't say
relationship I would say dating
seriously for a period of time I have a
lot of feelings
let me see another picture oh my god you
sure Liz oh yeah that's what he looks
like okay well I think you need to get
his approval so you can show this
picture oh my god I'm not I'll be like
hey it's the new bitch in town hey so I
know this is very random but we're
filming a video and somehow we started
talking about our exes but I just want
to get permission to be able to show
your face okay the camera died so did my
insides okay so he replied pretty
instantly he just replied with the text
message and he said yeah that's cool so
I'm gonna start with this photo because
it doesn't get more opposite than me
I'm where it is another shirtless photo
you like this one
when was it after we started dating
proof exposed my boyfriend's cheating on
me okay you guys well I'm actually going
to ask him if he'll do a video where I
can kind of confront him and talk to him
we'll see what he says I don't know how
that's gonna go
like if I see you guys together my brain
is gonna go oh they should be together
no and then we're gonna break guys
you're gonna break up with me if I did
this video I mean listen in all honesty
this is a big step we've never done this
you've never like shown me people that
you've dated
you've always been weird about it well
yeah cause like I said I've never
actually dated dated someone why are his
nipples so hard all the time I don't
have the answers shit I'm gonna have a
lot of questions when I meet him hi
sisters get ready Wolfie all right you
guys that is all I have for this week's
video if you enjoyed your time here make
sure you hit that like button and
subscribe because I make new videos
every single Tuesday and if you want to
hang out with me in between uploads I
have listed all of my social media
accounts just right over here thanks
again to Co share for sponsoring this
video I love you very much good
