hey you guys this is John and we're
doing polygraph test with our boyfriends
today so I'm going to be testing Shane
and I just passed on his channels watch
Shane found John this is an insane job
you have what are some like have you had
women just like storm out of here
because their husbands say they're
cheating well most polygraph is
relationship and sometimes it's because
one spouse found something on the others
bone perhaps sometimes how we've been
coming here and saying love give you
hundreds of dollars just tell my spouse
I passed have you ever taken it no
30-some years I've never taken
that's amazing you'll always have people
as good as Rylan here jeez most people
fail on one question at least I passed
with flying colors honestly were you
impressed I'm so nervous I can't even
think of a joke to say right now because
you found out that I actually genuinely
love you and you're worried that you
don't feel the same no I know I love you
but I'm like I lie about a lot of things
when I met you you prided yourself on
saying that you can never buy that was a
lie yeah he lies a lot
Rylan if it's any consolation that was
crazy impressed with your answers thank
you that does not make me feel better
they were amazing he's so good okay just
strap me in make this make this end hey
why are you up
OOP sorry my pectorals are bulging
now mr. cold hands here might be
dehydration dance are 10 degrees colder
than the rest of I am constantly thirsty
alright so son Shane set all of this up
I have no idea what I should be
expecting but he did tell me that I have
to come with some questions prepared
let's be real we have talked about a
serious future together
so if I'm going to start planning that
far in advance I'd like to know where
his head is at on some very specific
details of our relationship okay so can
i suck in my stomach to feel enough
after it's already several knows you're
bisexual since we've been dating have
you ever wished that you were actually
winning around them proof oh my god oh
my god oh my god oh my god I'm actually
shocked by that because I told him
earlier because he asked me that earlier
he's like is it okay if I ask you know
here's the thing
no because yes I love and I love you
eating it and I love fingering and it
but this is my channel I don't want to
be demonetised just bleep it there's a
lot of boys left that guy had just
learned to do that to the whole I can't
call it cuz he gets triggered no I'm
fine with that you get mad if I call
yours P word because mine's up come on
to cave John John could you say could
you say true that's a big old cave just
trying to filter out all this so I know
you asked me about kids but I'm
skeptical about you with kids because
I always think you just say it to please
me so do you actually want to have
children with me yes I've hooked up to a
cork see how the Greens not manatee try
the other hand see if you've got any
moisture so do you actually 100% want to
have children with me yes
he's telling the truth I told you well
like with our animals you're not 100% in
so I like the cats I wouldn't give that
dog away to my mom I would kill it
kidding PETA so I see some comments
online from people who think I use you
do you think I'm using you know proof do
you watch porn because I don't satisfy
your sexual needs
No
I'm just addicted to porn I mean you do
say sometimes you look for people that
look like oh my god that's so weird
homemade homemade straight couple who
cry
do you like food more than me No
true ok ok
are you ready for the grand finale I
can't believe that passed that last one
I've literally started thinking about
nachos and I was like no no no do you
ever sometimes wish that you're with
Garrett and not me sorry for me
hundred for Chandra okay that's just for
me because we're with Garrett all the
time and if you ever fantasized about
Garrett a little bit I have to cut the
cord Garrett this is such a weird place
to be in because you're doing to these
faces like it's what I love you well sir
it well you're here will you a shame a
question as well oh my god oh yes okay
do you think I'm a good youtuber yes I
know I know
oh my god I literally cuz I thought well
I upload schedule is a little off yeah
you know oh my god wait I have an idea
what ask me if I really hate myself I
just want to know oh that's cool
okay Shane your whole brand is about
hating yourself do you actually hate
yourself
No
says he's lying when his breathing goes
dead
oh my god okay is it okay guys well
actually Shane I gotta say I'm very
impressed I'm not surprised but you
thought I was gonna be cheating on yours
yeah I was nervous I was telling them
before when you weren't around like this
is going to be a big teller and if we
have an actual future together because
I'm not gonna build a future with you if
you would have fell back I don't know I
can literally see the comments in the
back like I'm the awkward third wheel in
the backseat become a big part of our
relationship and I feel like more part
of it after that I'm not kidding Shane
put me to the test go to his channel if
you liked this video make sure you like
it subscribe love you laughs so see you
next week good week
what hum oh I already took them did you
miss that whole portion of the video
when you talk I don't listen Shane you
didn't ask me about that go watch a
video love you lots bye
