alright should we be real moving alright
guys so it's Sunday night and Shane and
I decided to come to dinner wear a pink
taco but all of a sudden I look over and
Shane literally booked a hotel room in
Hollywood so I guess tonight we're going
to a hotel okay we're at the W hello G
what did you do well I was thinking hey
I don't want to go home right now
because the animals are being annoying
let's go to hotel okay I'm so far I've
never stayed here but I know look and
Paul it seems lately yeah he has like a
penthouse or something this is popping
popping level hi listen for plates
breaking I love crystals oh my gosh oh
my god somebody died here a celebrity
died here let you love a die here yeah
it looks fancier than it smells
that's a sure nice TV oh I'm feeling the
disco oh that's not a disco ball huh
what is this oh my god when you're
promoting Ricky doing
we needed this well okay my main problem
with the majority of hotels is that
there's never lose I don't know why
that's not a huge market what this is it
that's all the loop they're giving me
from my debt for my dry big dick I
haven't seen one of these in so long
Shane no that's ready let's fill it up
oh my god Logan Paul has definitely done
this except this was Bellator oh my gosh
there's a sound what my next book
literally my new Twitter banners that's
everything feed me okay we're not having
sex we're doing this how do we open the
curtain I was just I was just you know
I'm vlogging wait can I have a mini
photo shoot Shane I'm dizzy I'm in my
robe and I'm gonna look for for what
what are you doing you guys guess what
why I got a package from you - I have my
guesses on what its gonna be what do you
think it's gonna be I hope it's money I
hope it's food
I hope it's Alicia Marie chopped up and
dismembered so we could put it back
together update time it's a lot later
and we are currently doing some filming
finally got my subscribers five months
later we I don't think I got one of
these wait yes you had I guess I do have
my diamond are you ready oh my god wait
you gotta play like dramatic music
oh my god don't tell my reflection I'm
so proud of this congratulations on
surpassing a hundred thousand
subscribers okay me we're gonna put it
well I guess somewhere in the office
that's cute
well should we put ours together like
daddy and baby yeah we should find a
place for them home in the bathroom I
think the bathroom is cute every day
Thank You YouTube Thank You subscribers
this is everything there's a whole
production at our house because today
Shane has adopted a child and brought
him into our house I'm a little boy he's
very cute he came out pretty big no but
there's a photo shoot going on in our
house the coffin is now inside it's not
gone like I requested forever ago and I
want you guys to meet her son wait hi he
actually looks like us I'm shocked so
how do you like being the child of Shane
and I are scale of 1 to 10 I write
formulas I look at my family of course
Shane this phone like always
let's do ded said Shane adopted us a
child we also had to get grandma here I
know you guys love seeing Teresa cuz you
guys don't get to see her that much I
always am stocking your ID Twitter I'm
like what you talkin about now I was
dying you drew did you drag what was her
name Lisa Rinna Lisa rennet I was did
you just run into her what's the story
okay I was walking Charlie and I was
walking down Ventura Boulevard and then
I approached the street and around the
corner comes Lisa and I believe her
daughter uh-huh I'm a huge fan I follow
her
I love her and I just said Lisa Rinna
and she turned around okay this this is
her that is insane but then you decided
to drag her on Twitter which is what I
was living for that's not really like me
but I think I was so shocked because I'm
so used to the way Shane is uh-huh when
people recognize Shane and he's so
gracious and I don't know Lisa Rinna you
may have just been rude to me on Ventura
Boulevard but guess what bitch I'm Shane
Dawson's mom so thank you for the
entertainment okay you guys it's
Wednesday and I have to plug jet and
it's almost midnight but we're clearing
out the family room because why are we
doing this well because well alright
should we be real we're moving our couch
would you guys think that I was getting
a bigger house no we're not doing me
we're not no Logan Paul I'm literally
Mick Crompton leaving okay we gotta
finish moving this couch out we
literally didn't start this until 11:30
p.m. and the new couch is coming at 8:00
a.m. tomorrow I love
we love anger we have everything out of
the family room oh my god I look like a
are you doing the dance that we can put
two of our songs
you got a space no we have everything
cleared out into the new couch become
tomorrow and it honestly looks so small
sorry I was just thinking that the
similarities between me and Pennywise
red hair pale literally lives in a sewer
literally eats children me okay I'm
breaking up yeah well our pronouns are
both Thursday hey guys it's Thursday
morning and we have a brand new couch
are you ready for the big reveal oh it's
so pretty it's also the exact same couch
that we had before but Shane got that
one before we had animals and it was
white so it got real dirty do you love
it right
why are you humping it I'm showing it
how much I love it with consent is it as
comfy as our over one
oh my gosh okay let me test it out cuz
this is my spot I like it possibly more
than our old couch is that how you're
gonna feel when you leave me and start
dating Elijah Daniel no good morning you
guys I just got off the treadmill that's
why I'm a little bit sweaty my friend
Drew was coming over because she has
like five million brand deals for
Instagram and she's like can you please
be the photographer George said I got us
a romantic dinner for Valentine's Day in
what world would I get your ass some
roses why not oh is this for me I got
you a beautiful girl my sexual needs if
I was gonna fulfill Shane's needs in
some way I'd prefer it be my friend we
don't help you this is an accurate
representation of
I've been with a woman like there's a
sexy vibe but she's on her phone me with
you literally me all day hello darkness
Shane wanted to know what the final
product of what we were doing today was
so we're eating dinner and he tells her
to air play the photos that we took
today is crazy
we spent literally 20 minutes getting
her in a position that she wasn't upset
about you're gonna get fired from your
job drew what do you think did you clean
the pubes out of the time before what do
you mean fine so if any of you guys want
Snickers we have plenty a lot all right
you guys that is all I have for this
week in my life if you enjoyed your time
here make sure you hit that like button
subscribe you know the drill I make new
videos every single Tuesday and I've
also listed my social media accounts
just right over there I do want to know
what you guys were for Halloween so let
me know in the comments below and thank
you so so much for watching and
supporting my channel I love you very
much good
