hey what's up you guys I'm very excited
because today Shane is going to be
giving me a drastic makeover I have been
waiting for this since I saw you what
what I know you're you're perfect just
the way you are but we're going to make
you better
hello darkness we should go somewhere
you've never gone before
oh wait wait you mean manly I have my
inspiration you ready we're going with
kind of a hipster rich lumberjack tattoo
artist might have an STD well I've never
been rich but all the others apply what
does that even mean
it means this oh hey you know what it's
definitely not me but I'm willing to try
it you would we're going to dabble
in a mustache what are you attracted to
that I'm not necessarily like a mustache
Queen but I've never seen you with
anything so I would love to see it okay
you see what I'm saying yeah okay
I've definitely seen this type of man in
Silverlake before I've been in this type
of man and Silverlake before and didn't
end now hair I think we can like gel it
and I think we could do some stuff and I
was also thinking if the gelled hair
doesn't work then we could also dabble
in some kind of a hipster B I'm into
that
with a little hair flocked out of the
front okay yeah I just shoes like I'm
gonna try to find like the most hipster
issues I can look around good so you're
going for the misunderstood fashionista
Mel in Los Angeles I'm going for the
doesn't have a job but gets a lot of
brand deals on Instagram and also loves
avocado toast well I do love that you're
everything I just said okay so we're
gonna go shopping we'll see you soon
I gotta change your name no you can't do
that right like ryt oh like rye bread
like dry rude okay so are you ready to
make me into the hipster dreams I was
just thinking and I don't know if this
is too scandalous or not but we gotta
get you a vape pen but like when no
nicotine in it just like literally like
flavored snow I don't know breathing in
smoke to your lungs can never be safe
okay so I'm trying to find a shoe that
says I have nowhere to go so the exact
one that was from the picture show it
here perfect they're only $500 what
they're only meant with like cute socks
Oh actually they're super comfy I'm
being serious like I want to actually do
this
yeah the store is like so it's half of
you all right let's see the pants I pick
down Jane there's no way
what literally there's five times my
thing then grow I'm triggered okay it's
now 7:30 I shop till I drop
no literally Shane's been sweating for
the last three hours and we've gotten
760 it really is being a youtuber is
hard I don't even know what I got cuz I
got so much I don't wanna give it all
away but I'll give you a little taste of
a couple things right I got a cute pal
you I mean it's so cute I mean mm-hmm
the next day so it's the next morning a
warning
morning okay me early day but today is
the day that we're going to be made over
and I feel like well both of us could
genuinely use a glow up to moment
wait okay I have questions about what
I'm so ugly right now the camera doesn't
want to focus on me it's like that's not
a person that's trash all right you guys
that the makeup artist is gonna be here
any second and we've laid out our looks
are you ready for this okay cute denim
shirt buttoned up to the top cute little
jacket cute Belk you can't cute shoes
cute socks to beanie options okay when
I'm standing my new life I love this
like this looks like you own a coffee
shop and also you care what the whales
all right you guys Devin has arrived
who's doing our makeup today I'm so
excited I still don't know exactly what
Shane's doing to my face
hear me out so I think that we should do
white what so I had a wake up all her
mustache
okay wait I need to hold them up to your
face oh my god wait this looks like a
strip of pubes this is more like I'm no
that's too dark
oh wait I don't hate that okay I want to
put my dick right there okay so I'm
gonna give you my vision so I was
thinking for him hours or so oh my gosh
I just saw myself the first time yeah I
like you like this
just from that angle nope oh my god I'm
so excited yes oh my god
then you when I'm five years old I can't
get in my pants I don't really see your
vision with these don't snatch your
mustache weave oh my god whoa this is
weird
I really do like this shoes
excited for the accessories I think you
think I'm bigger than I am I mean you
literally look like amanda Bynes and
she's the man alright we just did the
big makeover and here is the reveal
everybody it's Ryland Addams oh my god
oh my god wait wait wait wait
oh my god wait this looks good
wait do I actually look good I think you
do wait turn to that side I actually
think this looks good
wait the shoes look at the socks look
good the pants look good it is so
different from anything that I have ever
worn or will ever wear in the future but
it's comfy you know what like I thought
I was going for like a cool manly
hipster guy but when you started talking
now I realize you're like a crazy gay
fashion designer like critique my outfit
you just the trash oh my god wait I like
it
so did your vision come to life yes
it's cooler than I thought it was gonna
be so what are you naming her don't ruin
it this kind of style
my future ex-boyfriend when he leaves me
and changes his identity oh my god I
just realized who my inspiration was
let's give you a big reveal I feel good
and confident
oddly but I think that's cuz I'm hidden
we forgot to show the rain huh look at
that look how cool that is
and the bracelet yeah with arm here so
is this a cheap look is it expensive
it's expensive but you're cheap which
means I paid for it right oh my god she
does like I feel a lot more confident I
look okay I don't like it but I feel
great looking out into the world I feel
great
looking in a mirror it's just so
different for me Cheetos excited he
literally things he got adopted when
somebody else well I think what would
make this even better is a hipster
montage no you can't dance like right so
I think instead of just a crazy montage
I want to do b-roll into an artistic
photo so it's like movement Hey you
literally like a crazy director right
now yes that's me
I make movies I love the cinematic
experience and I see feature films on
their regular okay yeah I wouldn't take
this person
all right you guys that is all I have
for this week's video if you enjoyed
your time here make sure you hit that
like button subscribe we also did this
on shades Channel I made him over into a
hot bad boy also Devin was our queen her
Instagram is linked in the bio below if
you ever need your makeup hair special
effects done she does it all hey you
guys thank you so much for watching and
supporting my channel I love you very
much
