hey guys I'm Ryan Adams hey what's up
you guys I'm so excited because today
I'm doing something a little bit
different on my channel and that is
reacting to my old very cringy acting
audition tapes if you don't already know
I moved to Hollywood about seven years
ago to become an actor I had never taken
an acting class but I had headshots and
I thought I was going to make it big but
after about a hundred and fifty
auditions and booking nothing I realized
that I was probably just pretty bad so
today I'm going to be reacting to a few
of those auditions with some of my
favorite people and first up is my
friend drew who you might know from
clever and she's also my former roommate
and I love her very much you don't
understand honestly I wish sometimes I
could go back to it oh I'm living this
is great you think just because you have
a PhD and a freakin certificate on your
wall that you magically know I'm going
through Rylan you know what I'm feeling
what a load of crap
babe you've probably never cared about
anyone in your life well I do I care too
much
that's why I'm going crazy using my mind
I don't believe you
I'm not convinced that was bad what a
load of crap
Thanks yesterday I put a hole through
the window and shattered it it can't let
my mom become I have no words you were
talented another way than you realize
that I wish you would stay so after that
I decided I had to invite my friend rich
over because not only has he known me
for the seven years I've lived here but
he's also an acting coach so I thought
he'd be great to critique me and I know
that he's very brutal so I've known you
since the beginning of my failed acting
career yes
I'm beginning the middle and the end
hello mr. correct so here we go my name
is Ryan Adams
listen up that straight ball like the
bass you put in that Ryan the reason I
think I'm good for this role is because
it's all about a young man all I had
going for me was my haircut and I really
think that I can make his character come
to life because of the struggles he's
been through I thought I had been
through no struggles you still have a
good side from the dudes hey sensitive
subject
helps to know what you wanted try as
hard as you can to get it did I believe
you what is it you pretty much what
everyone wants someone to care for me as
much as I care for them I'm looking into
the camera man I wanted to care
but I didn't I mean it was like she was
shapes and skin weight I don't not buy
you a straight who saw that coming
really really I want to care I'm so
fucking sick of the motions it's like we
do this we do that
I don't know buy you a straight so this
isn't FL thank you for calling I've been
thinking about us Archie and our
friendship
I want to care I'm so fucking sick of
the motions it's like we do this we do
that I was still sleeping with guys at
this party a lot for once I just want
the night to end knowing where the
morning might begin or you know maybe
not know I think the background music
helps I'm just confused
you also look a little like filled out
with a little pink I don't think
acting's for me I think I'm hanging it
up
I wanted something just not with her
okay so now I'm gonna make sure my
audition tape oh I don't want to break
up I think I'm gonna surprise you I mean
it's gonna be better than boo - yeah
okay so this first one is me attempting
to do comedy listeni I'm gonna be a
harsh judge when it comes to comedy I
mean I have the proof okay
show me your skills it's not gonna make
me feel better yeah it totally is like
you're saying if someone showed up like
a fireman or something a fireman
yeah anyways that
I got the color you pussy did you all
fire me you can't see this her way okay
that's the first and only time you've
ever said the word pussy without nagging
me no of course I didn't call the fire
department
I just I would like you to be looking
down and seeing that to help of ahead of
a complete stranger in that perhaps just
perhaps I would know my work here is
done what with all the Harvey Weinstein
situations going on I'm not comfortable
watching this no I was telling the
person whose house I was living at to
get laid because they're too uptight
I'm triggered I'll fly away on an
umbrella don't remember I don't know
that's your umbrella I would never touch
it what the fuck is this literally
though what the fuck is this it's like
it's somebody right though yeah it's
from a play no it's not Greg hey guys
I'm Ryan Adams and I'm here to breathe
who are you Ryan
you're quick Tuesday morning
entertainment news fix Who Wants
entertainment news from some sad gable a
in a basement Avril Lavigne is spotted
in the studio in London I got a closet
what are you about to say about her I
remember if you drag my queen it's gonna
get complicated bitch I won't be with
you I was just reporting the news you
better be praising the Queen good for
her I remember skater boy I mean who
doesn't right now what's the hell what
the hell is her new single keep going
review this whole situation is making me
wanna let go I think you me want to lose
grip only the true everyone heads get
back what's up you guys i'm rallied
adams and obviously i'm applying for a
job at clever media i'm fucking him
what wait like you like that better than
this I like you the way you are but we
walk that's you yeah ah that's not
making me feel comfortable even if it's
just an intern I'm down to start as
anything you know what you would have
been a great coal stunt employee what
that's not che did they kill it I can't
see neither can they but they can dance
hopefully I'll see you on Monday when I
start my first day I'm having a blast
already so I'll say goodbye bye guys
you are the way or a cheesecake factory
that I want to leave I'm like hey get
that bread and then they're like oh yeah
we got pumpernickel we got sourdough we
got pickles I'm like wait I feel bad I
don't want B to meet you show me a good
one all right you guys that is all I
have for this week's video if you
enjoyed your time here make sure you hit
that like button subscribe you know the
drill I upload every single Tuesday and
if you want to hang out with me in
between videos I've listed all of my
social media accounts just right there
thank you so much for watching and
supporting my channel I love you very
much
good the full album that drops on my
birthday May 14th thank you
