my gosh if your last oka minute welcome
back to my youtube channel I think we're
done eating at this point back to a
channel I'm very happy you're here
because today I'm becoming none other
than the Queen herself
Eliza go she yeah no I just finished
eating breakfast I also don't think I've
told you guys yet that or no got his
balls taken off I honestly feel so bad
about it he's been in this little ring
for over a week now he did come home
with a comb but it was so rude and so
aggressive he couldn't even walk with it
so we found him a little bougie one
burner do you miss your balls me I did
go out yesterday to find a wig that
perfectly matches Liza but it was a
little bit difficult because I couldn't
find one that was her style and also the
same length so I found one but I think
I'm just gonna give a little haircut -
the time has finally come
I went to a million different stores to
try to recreate one of license looks and
these are my supplies that I have today
what that's okay guys I got Shane
because okay well I haven't told you
yeah
but I attempted to become wise Akashi
and not only did I do that but I
attempted to do my first ever sketch
turned out kind of cringe so I wanted
you to react to kind of cringe okay yeah
I think I'm giving myself an a-plus for
effort I've never done anything like
this but I just want to show you what I
have as Liza Kochi okay are you ready
okay
commit it back to my youtube channel now
recently I've been reminding myself the
beauties on the inside approach could
say a lot about you boo me I'm chilling
in the fridge to remind me that I'm a
big dude no oh god I know exactly what
this is gonna be you're gonna drop an
awful
lines because she is not sure but he
broke so he's no longer cool that was
good no I cool almost after this you can
certainly have some keys that's me
co-starring in my sketch as the handyman
this is a complicated situation
messy we're not no you guys I read and
I've learned that what lies it does is
hard oh you coming back sweetheart
where's your computer break it nah I'm
kidding that will actually wasn't as bad
as it could have been it could've been
really bad Thanks
I'm chilly today is Friday
Friday hey guys it's a day later but I
got no present and it finally arrived so
about to give it to him or no I got you
a present
come on baby shading stick on the couch
I'm visually trying to figure out why
Bella Thorne is hangin with Tannen mojo
and if they're fuckin know they're
dating for sure don't you remember the
kissing products right I just felt like
the attention I have no idea wait what
right are not superior Tommy you also
have 500 liquids on this table half of
which are Chipotle shut up
no you oh my god you Sheamus disgusting
she's probably into that kind of thing
okay president all right we're over here
let me show you what it is oh look at
that it's your very own bad he doesn't
care you don't care about my dog bed at
all Shane o/s Bella Thorne OS oh why is
that
I think she's by text Hannah let's go
over I'm good I'll watch them I can do
lots of tongue tricks just for attention
okay so Shane and I are Corral's because
we decided that we needed some kind of
dessert and this is what its results of
it
what that's wait before you guys give me
fat comments I've lost over ten pounds
this month he's been working out very
hard for you needs to stop I'm done
we're done for you I'm done with Oreos
for you laters hi bitch
Pappy's hi bitch are you ready oh my god
we ended up with what six different ice
creams that's crazy well this one
cinnamon roll oh my god wait there's a
little some B's in it oh my god oh my
god oh my god this one's good Wow
it's yellow what's the flavor cake
batter oh okay well that sounds
interesting
it's that bad you're not here to spit
out ice cream that's not ice cream
it tastes like a go-gurt did you ever
have those in your kid you can slurp
them up I was poor to slurp my mom's to
see finger lick oh well you gotta do
with the eye roll why did you get these
I was kidding
I do not save it I throw it it does
taste like peanut butter and jelly the
peanut butter and jelly Oreo taste like
peanut butter and jelly invented reviews
let's try it really loud you guys shaded
I got another animal shade are you ready
to introduce them no his name's Macey
doses ass already
that's like surfing shit no you guys
actually when I bilingual and by now you
guys I actually found this dog running
around outside of our house so I brought
him in because the owner hasn't answered
my phone call so I guess I'll just live
here until they call us back if you're
gonna be in this family have to eat and
just fight for it by the way you guys
have been dragging cheeto about the
photo that I posted with him calling him
fat and I want you to know that fat
shaming my cat is not okay it's not okay
although it is pretty funny because you
guys have been calling him a puppy
cheater that's creative update time okay
so Macy's mom actually just called us
back so no my you know what's sad is
that Shane loved Macy / dose more than
he likes our own animals I know you're
taking away from me well I mean you
could ask Macy's mom and you could buy
her guts
oh my god I could give her my Streamy
that I didn't win superwoman
should I be like here's my quit money
your dog only if you're going to start
walking the dogs
all right you guys that is all I have
for this week's video if you enjoyed
your time here make sure to hit that
like button you know the drill subscribe
because I make new videos every single
Tuesday I cannot thank you enough for
watching my videos it means the world to
me and if you want to hang out with me
in between uploads I've listed all my
social media accounts right there
hey guys thank you so much for watching
it's supporting my channel I love you
very much good
