a golden trecek part car for a dinosaur
man old ass face with some little baby
hands you'll need those ghosts in that
house when I go shoe it's me not you but
I'd rather fuck drew sheetal ran away
from you who know won't they hate for
you your old ass hair was straighter
than you'll ever be a not even that
could straighten out your sexuality
you look like
you got a fakie ass face and your hair
so it's dirty
you're still a new - even though you're
almost 30 I think I'd rather give my
super love to Dan and Phil I wish you
fixing clothes at the rate you pick your
ass you wrote two books that I didn't
even read ie sure podcast just to help
me sleep congratulations on ten million
subs it took you ten years and fur Jake
it took ten months you say it gets worse
but I have to disagree there ain't
nothin worse than reviews for your movie
you got a fakie a space and your hair's
always dirty
you're still on YouTube even though
you're almost 30
you gotta fakie a space
dirty you're still on YouTube even
though you're almost 30
no sirree
oh my gosh you guys it's a great day to
be alive not only did I record my first
ever song question mark
but today's video is also sponsored by
quick so I got some cupcakes to
celebrate I just wanted to appreciate
this win because I never would have been
able to make such an elaborate video
without them if you go into the app and
hit the collab section you will find
stickers of uno cheeto and i and it's so
easy to download them to your phone and
then drag and drop the stickers into
conversations with your friends they
also have hundreds of things you can
download from your favorite TV shows and
classic hits lastly I want to tell you
that you could also create custom
profiles and showcase your favorite
stickers on them and we can also be
friends if you want to find me my
username is just a trial and Adams is
super easy
I did get cupcakes like I showed you
before and I'm gonna see if anyone's
home to share them with me
you guys I'm where's my sponsor set
we'll find you one sweetie where can i
download it bula a while thanks Rylan
can I eat the fuck out of these cupcakes
yeah I don't want to fuckin eat this on
my bike oh my god say you only forgive
me for the views but I don't care cuz
the view I get when you you telling
everyone that you're a secret hot
