hey guys good morning recently there's
been a lot of major changes in my life
my sister moved to Los Angeles so you
only have two suitcases that your entire
life we got a brand-new dog who still
doesn't have a name we're gonna need
more Trish yeah I shaved my head and I
even bought my dream car so today I
thought it could be fun to merge all of
those things together we're gonna buy my
dog a chi we've actually planned on
doing this for quite some time we got so
far into the process that we have
already actually bought the car oh my
god it's a little chewy egged has
everything going for it we have to get
it do you think she'll fit in it I mean
yeah should we be getting our brand-new
bug oh gee lemon yes okay great the only
problem is that the baby G didn't fit
into the actual G so today we're gonna
have to get a little more creative and
pick it up with you all who are you what
is this get up no what where'd you go
god you're exciting dry shampoos I want
to shower
are you free do you have anything to do
can you go on an adventure okay we match
today we do that's embarrassing and it
honestly wasn't even planned I thought
since you were a big part of me buying
this G Wagon I thought that maybe today
you could accompany me in buying my dog
wagon we actually have to go get a
u-haul surprise you all yes I don't I
mean I don't know anyone with the truck
we're in LA
we have to get an actual you Holly
you're gonna attach to your g-wagen or
like is it a truck and now we're gonna
have to ditch the g-wagen to pick up
another G wagon and then so this is an
all-day event oh no I think we'll do it
quick bing-bang-boom
also do you like my shave color you look
like when I had a bald spot for it grew
back this is what you look like an
actual egg the purpose right now to
watch it alright we'll see you soon in a
new hall are you home
I'm always trying to find my g-wagen
shade he wants the whole county of los
angeles to plant huge trees we're gonna
have to write a letter so he can pack
you some back into shape
hi could you plant more trees my car
requires a minute my sister's funnier
than me but every time I turn the camera
because I'm more emotionally scarred
here they are I guess we could even just
get a creepy van a trailer behind the G
oh my god carrying all my problems this
is the one I think I really want though
the alien is everything oh my god that's
literally us right now where do we find
this place who sells them so the truck
that we're getting supposed to move an
entire one-bedroom apartment award is
literally having one box with the know
if I crashed it literally died once and
when we said we were matching literally
look at the side-by-sides
and sunglasses minor in my purse the
only difference is my outfit is a lot
cheaper and a lot bigger
an hour later we've got just the one we
want it
alien and all car tour coming soon well
it's not like the gene or does it smell
like it but like roadkill how do you see
behind you don't eat the Range Rover I
just don't know how this is gonna work
no I want to pop in white okay well
there's a lot of cars coming so this
isn't really the time how am I ever
gonna get out are you looking out for me
yeah literally a whole line of cars well
I don't think anyone's gonna ram into us
now I also have to manually do the
windows not while you're packing up I
also have no idea where we're going
my life is worth a lot this looks like a
drug cartel we've made it to the
location of our baby g-wagon it's right
there yeah it's actually been closed for
five years oh my god oh my gosh you guys
the moment has arrived what do you think
okay let's see if I could figure out how
to get this open way if he didn't give
us a key I'm gonna be so it's pink it's
not even the right color oh you should
rhinestone the wheels
I love crystal okay you're getting ahead
of yourself
it is also an AMG which is the bougie er
version of mine oh my gosh surprise are
you surprising me with a you all she's
moving in with us
you're already living with us I'm coming
with more why are you guys matching
what's going I know we didn't plan
what's going on oh my god I'm so excited
okay that's that is everything but also
I'm confused because we got a black one
why is Trish's mini-me here oh there was
a little malfunction where they didn't
actually have the black one and I just
had to say what pings fine we're just
gonna name this dr. ish I'm dying all
right Shannon you need to help me get
this out
oh my god I love seeing the farmers in
of Nepal yeah you have to
maybe too much me yeah you need to get
my Gucci slides are inside I hate being
the gay neighbor between the bushes
u-haul alright the whole squads here God
we are a 14-10 the bushes are the
neighbors you want a g-wagen of fallen
neighbors we are the self manually roll
it down and push it into the bush wait
it really will go into the neighbor's
yard
yeah just that's crazy I just want to
see what will happen
we're gone I'm lawsuit when you push our
back up no I just don't know how long a
driving please keep in mind that if you
crash I'm dead no the mountain no no no
no no no it's not gonna work wait some
really slim we're actually gonna die
it's ok ready
it's cold an hour we could do a really
nice car tour
wanna die on golden hour sounds fun
that's a cliff about the fucking cliffs
our gay neighbor without our gay Burt
we're the guinea wow this is what it
feels like when I go through small
aisles and Oh God okay we're fine we're
fine person hit him
I need it for the views Morgan boyfriend
eat your wipeout
here's a few things you need to know do
you mean me
oh this is where I thought we could do
the cart or what this is somebody's
house
no like around here like right here no
what are you talking this is literally
somebody's house I think I look good
wait no what are we gonna rest it what
are you sir you're just gonna park a
u-haul on this small street yeah let me
give you a quick tour of my car come on
okay wait what are we doing oh my car -
are your 1995 hey guys welcome to my car
tour I knew all kind of things in there
Shane and I have done something naughty
in there before that's where we're gonna
have our first baby
no she's gonna jump she wants to leave
if she's over it come around the side
I had me painted on the car because I
caught it oh my god I never realized how
much you look like an alien with your
shaved head now that's triggering that's
so cute though because it's like you on
top of me get this right after I made my
most recent purchase at Louie Vuitton
wait what oh yeah I thought like new car
new Louie new me what you got a new
purse don't tell anybody
wait is that real what is that I mean
how did you actually buy something I
just stopped in there today perfect for
sitting what is going on right now what
if you broke the fucking car and had to
pay for it I have to return my Louie
purchase oh god I hope it's here I hope
it's here to Killa oh my god okay all
right
and I'm not the lightest it says you
shouldn't step on this okay will you do
it first well I think if you just like
lightly oh my god oh god oh my god wait
oh my god you're gonna fall through I've
heard that it's really delicate up there
it looks just welded together I don't
think it's safe up here should I use
this video there oh I've never been more
excited to see daddy G everywhere
that means I'm lucky you didn't know
that in the back is dirty why do we have
so much trash oh my gosh you guys stop
dragging me I Drive everyone everywhere
it's the next morning because well it
got late dark and I was tired after I
returned to you all all I could think
about was food so now I got to go out to
the garage and assemble my dogs g-wagen
we have our babies G right over here
also we cleaned the entire house also
you can see my knife that's so scary
also my current biggest problem is that
my Chi wagon doesn't fit inside the
garage it's too tall you can see they're
dressing part car for a dinosaur man old
a space with some little babies you eat
those ghosts in that house when I go
shoe it's me not you but I'd rather fuck
drew
Chito ran away from you assumed for some
reason that it was going to come just
already assembled and then the guy at
Toys R Us was like no you gotta build it
but it's so easy he must be like a more
handy human than me because this does
not look simple
you got a fakie ass face and your hair
is always dirty now I thought I was
ready to rumble bring my dogs out and
party in our G wagons however it says
that it needs to charge for 14 to 24
hours before I use it for the first time
so I'm feeling a little bit defeated
with this g wagon but I think it's gonna
turn out great gonna be fine okay
everybody it's time to see the G Wagon
we know you have a G Wagon why do you
keep showing everything ya know that's
how they play it's so cute
that's so crazy cuz that's exactly how
we play hey you guys I got you go Tory I
got you into it did you get Luna what
you know they get to ride in it together
it's a two-seater
alright let's shut the dogs their new
ride oh my god Shane we have to name her
bitch it took me literally three hours
to make what don't you work for the dog
no no you like it hey I bought it for
you you're the one that supposed to care
the most literally that dog so over it
yeah I'm kind of over it too what Morgan
this is why everyone on fire
look at Nessa start your engine
oh my god oh my god come on let me see
if I can play some music I want to say
you look stupid but I'm more in love
with you oh my god wait the beats of it
the drop let's do a quick car tour stop
know what's gonna happen if the dogs
don't like the g-wagen you're gonna ride
around and out all the time I got it for
them I guess I could just put them on
leashes and have them walking in the car
you know like that baby
wow she loves it
I'm actually very surprised that I fit
inside of this and I'm not above the
weight
oh that's backwards above the way oh my
god we you driving to the pool would
actually be like how much would you pay
me nothing can you imagine have somebody
happening to give you treats to get into
a G Wagon I think I know oh my god wait
bougie for a name the dog's name is
boogy boogy what about bushi hey bouche
we don't have a bracket you feed your
dog organic snacks somebody gave them to
me come on getting this expensive stupid
toy the dad bought come on I'll put you
in oh my god it's okay
stick oh I hate this say dad's having a
breakdown I want to drive it I should
have let you wait oh wait how boo Jesus
our new dog literally does not care all
the way over there I need to make a meme
driving into my midlife crisis like
video if you're a judge I'm here make
sure you hit that like button if it is
every single Tuesday and I can't believe
I have to paste to zip cream on my face
if you wanna hang out with me in between
uploads I visit all my social media
accounts just right over there thank you
guys so much for watching and supporting
my channel I love you very much good
