hey guys welcome back to my channel I'm
very excited because today Jade and I
are doing the boyfriend buys my outfit
video so the first one I went to is very
bougie oh thanks clothes I'm ready to
shop
oh my gold this is the centerpiece of
the outfit this is too easy I'm just
gonna grab this for like this don't mind
me I'm just crazy alright so first I'm
gonna start with the head I could not
believe that I found this it is so fun
and flirty and cowgirl and Joanne it's
one of the million reasons why you're
gay so I got you this beautiful no this
is pretty you take on your walks with Lu
know and put the poop bags in it that is
very handy now this is more for like
mourning time something to kind of sip
your tea in when you're talking shit you
guys the dollar store s no this is
another kind of accessory this is a
virtual reality set you're taking outfit
to the next level like these are not big
know about you like you're walking
around in your Joanne hat and you're
watching like the Lady Gaga tour it's
like you're there okay outfit time a
protective mask I actually have been
wanting to purchase some of these just
in general because I feel like when I go
in public I don't want to get sick I
thought you're gonna say scene I don't
want to be seen so first I'm gonna start
with this I got you a waist trainer what
are you trying to say we could all be
more snatched now to go with that we
also have these really cute purple
gloves and they have a really good grip
so you can soon after we've been real
good speaking of leaves I got you this
beautiful little blue number did you get
me a shirt wait okay
No
all right everybody welcome the 99 cents
store whore oh my god wait where's your
VR wait you're not wearing your wig
there we go oh my gosh you literally
look like you went insane well I think
this is practical I feel like I can wear
it my everyday life and I feel like a
new person
here's 99 problems and never never mind
a lot more than that okay so the next
why first of all I got distracted okay
so I took a detour
I found this store that has an abundance
of for dogs literally alcohol I found a
cheetah amazing didn't have anything
cheeto so this is king of fucking
everything all right oh no let's get
drunk
oh don't forget your purse girl girls
don't forget your purse okay oh my god
oh my god can you fuck
so this is gonna go with your outfit
which I went to a very special store for
perfect literally Ryland and that's me
never mind not to be in the back can I
be sexy too no okay so here's the shirt
I feel like I'm gonna need to make a
music video and then it's any good okay
comes with a little police huh you're
shopping for your own fantasy this is
for the bottom are you trying to get
this video to monetize this is my
favorite what these are a split shot and
then oh my god I like a fashion show
slash getting demonetised
and now welcome to the stage dawg oh my
god you look like Britney kinda but give
me like a really good dance move never
mind wait get on the bed and just like
start whipping things yeah with the TV
the next door is frenzy okay so this is
a place where all the celebrities go and
literally when you walk in they have a
security guard to follow you because
this is so expensive so let's go look at
all this stuff we're not gonna buy
I've never felt uglier in my life update
time I just spent way too much money and
I'm gonna die also that was me when they
told me how much it was actually she
specialized in clothes for petite people
like me I know I know I literally walked
into the store and she said sorry this
shirt now these are a risk these are
these little come on off shorts all
right okay first practical outfit this
is a really cute dark denim jacket Wow
and it's very soft it's really soft and
then to go with that I got these little
um these little cute pant you can't say
anything will show you later but I got
these little cute pins and there's a
little bear cuz like kind of there okay
come through I know with the lid the
shores of the thing bitch it's time
welcome to the stage this cost me $700
oh my god wait you look at it wait it
looks really good I love this jacket is
really cute this is kind of like a joke
but it's a good one I think honestly
this is a really good outfit like if you
walked around like this I wouldn't have
a boyfriend anymore now I feel like you
have an inner skater kid that you're
just dying to let out and me being an
outro thing I've always wanted my skater
boy alright I'm at a place called Val
surf
I think it's just the surf shop at his
Gator shop he's going to be a skater you
have to get him aboard all right which
one's the gayest none of them are gay
enough I'll keep looking okay so I'm
gonna start with the shirt I got extra
small black t-shirts are actually my
favorite oh my god
it's really cute right this is another
extra small shirt that I got excited
about those cues this is just a little
skater team I could bust oh this one I
really love now this is it
this is a moment cuz there is some pink
involved but I thought this was cute -
this is why it has a little pink detail
on the side no that's honestly me okay I
think I love you even more now listen
these are a risk but I feel like with an
all-black outfit or with your white pink
shirt it could work are they pink J but
I think honestly with you all black
everything it's kind of cool I can wear
this with the white shirt that has pink
acts and the black inks yeah I love this
backpack
this backpack has a cat on it it's
flipping people off I actually need a
yoga backpack isn't it cute now I know
what you're thinking Shane why did you
give me all of these skater things and
these skater shoes and skater pants and
a skater backpack and a skater ha
well you got me a skateboard because no
I actually went through a skating face
like very intense I could do boardslide
I could do kick flips this it goes with
everything it goes with the backpack and
goes when you're in case Gator it goes
with that backpack we're gonna have a
photo shoot oh I know oh my god and
we're also gonna have a skate off all
right welcome to this day
My dear boy oh my god
honestly I literally want to ride you
like a skateboard well I think the only
thing left to do is ride it all right
you ready show us some of your sick
moves the animals are like all right let
me try some tricks
all right skateboard montage now
Oh
oh my god all right guys that is all we
have for this week's video if you like
this one and you haven't already seen us
do this unchanged channel go watches
right now I hope you enjoyed it if you
did subscribe because I'm making videos
every week
specifically Tuesdays
