Chito somehow managed to get out of the
house and he hasn't come back yet good
morning
I don't know why I'm screaming at you
but it's currently Wednesday morning I
just got some coffee I'm about to make
some oatmeal I need to do all of these
dishes wish me look I also want to point
out my current problem in life at the
moment is my hair even when I do it I
don't like how it looks
so I told Shane that I'm thinking about
shaving my head if you want to see that
video let me know in the comment section
below because I'm highly highly highly
considering it and obviously I'm gonna
do it myself
I'm actually in Utah right now and we're
here at my best friend's my best family
friends farm this is the cutest thing I
have ever seen in my entire life that
they have a pig named poppy poppy likes
to hug everyone and there's five hundred
cats here look at this literally five
hundred cats look at all of these cats
oh my god
cap you gotta say hello this is my
second mom hang on she's a crazy cat
lady since I last seeing her this is how
she feeds her million cats okay they
also have a chicken coop cabbie who are
you right now are you so happy oh so she
I keep misgendering her her name is
poppy she's beautiful and she before she
was famous we've got even my grandma
holding chickens
she showed me my brother sahibi one of
these virus
are you ready Austin I'm gonna fight
he's gonna take a bite I'm not gonna put
the whole thing in my mouth no I thought
that's what we're doing just do it all
right you ready got a crunch it in your
teeth all right you ready
you got to crunch it all right and good
morning you guys it's Monday and I'ma
have a good day first of all I have the
zit slash scab on my face that I just
don't understand and I woke up this
morning we're back home from Utah it was
great
however the animals have gone crazy
uno peed in the house this morning and
then I found him eating Cheetos poop in
the gym bathroom and I get back I'm
working on my computer and all of the
sudden uno grows up the poop that he ate
of Cheetos what do you have to say for
yourself I'm poppy so now I have the
trash can out I have cleaning supplies
happy Monday all over the office are you
kidding me
oh no stay out there good morning
it's Friday and I'm currently freaking
out just a little bit because last night
cheeto somehow managed to get out of the
house and he hasn't come back yet and
I'm worried because he never really goes
outside we've walked him a couple of
times but we live on a hill so if he
went too far away I don't know if he'll
be able to find his way back I've read
online so many ways how to bring your
cat back I have litter out side I have
chicken outside
have his bed outside just to attract him
back to our house so now I'm just really
worried we stayed up until 1:00 trying
to find him last night and now it's
early in the morning on Friday and I
feel like it's gonna work out I feel
like he's gonna find his way back what
it just scares me because she's my
little baby and then I just start
thinking about all of you to things that
he does in the morning and when I feed
him when he was just an adorable car
so I hope that either one of the
neighbors picked him up and it will be
fine or he just wanders back into our
lives
wish us luck we finally I wonder why he
was oh my god oh no honestly we're
laughing right now but the last 24 hours
have not been that who knows gonna kill
him no it's like extra intense today
they're just reuniting didn't you miss
fighting for your life all right or no
all right that's enough
like I was saying before I was so rudely
interrupted this one had been missing
for just about 24 hours and then Shane
finally found him up in the shrubs stuck
between a tree and a rock cheeto what
were you doing it was so scary I've been
crying for literally 24 hours how is
scared because I know that there's
coyotes in our neighborhood and when
that guy was like I was like oh he's
probably dead the coyote eats cat I've
seen a coyote put take the head off a
cat no he was trying to be nice he was
one of our neighbors I ran into him and
I said hey listen she goes missing if
you could keep an eye out and he goes oh
well you know there's lots of coyotes
and they've killed two of my cats eyes
like you're making me feel really good
about the situation
did you really ruin that tree the trees
been ruined
you know we Sikhs how is they tail so
it's past midnight
on Friday night and changes got me out
of bed know this is crazy
all right oh my god I can see from here
here oh my god this is awful
Oh oh my god this is like some
end-of-the world literally he's
like hello oh my god oh my god
are we gonna be oh my god I've gotten
bigger since I got you oh my god this is
absolutely insane
oh my god I hope there are houses up
there that's devastating so I got a
little bit closer and Shane are you
farting right now I'm nervous oh it's
like nothing I've ever seen before I
don't think I've ever seen anything like
this look how close it is to like houses
and freeways that is so sad we live on a
mountain that literally could have been
us so we've actually decided oh my god
when the neighbors security cameras give
you good lighting no we've actually
decided that we want to get closer and
just see kind of what it what's
happening I'm at a loss for worse all
right so while we're driving there I'm
looking up what's trending on Twitter
and there's a luna latina fire or in
burbank or both trending a brushfire
near los angeles prompted some to
evacuate as firefighters battle the
blaze on
Friday
oh my gosh look at the view from Burbank
Airport I honestly feel like Shane and I
are storm chasers right now we're in
Burbank and you can see you can see all
the ash falling in front of us there are
huge pieces yeah literally like watch
you catch ash yeah and that's just from
sticking your hand outside that's so
scary we're gonna die let's get closer
okay so we just got out of the car
the smell is crazy it's like the
campfire in front of our house times a
million and it's just raining ash oh you
can just see the flames burning
all right you guys that is all I have
for this week's video if you enjoyed
your time here make sure you hit that
subscribe button for new videos every
single week also if you haven't seen
last week's video I attempt to become an
Instagram model and I'll put it at the
top of my description section below hey
guys thank you so much for watching and
supporting my channel I love you very
much good
