hey guys welcome back to my channel so
recently I was walking around Urban
Outfitters as one does and I found this
book titled read this if you want to
become Instagram famous obviously I
bought it immediately because I started
thinking about all the people I'm
jealous of based on their
picture-perfect life Alicia Marie my
life is ava my life is Ava's boyfriend
my dog for crying out loud has a better
more aesthetic more lucrative Instagram
account than I do know but I'm not
kidding when I say Uno's Instagram is
more lucrative than mine he has a brand
a large box right now ah what no oh no
why do you get more brand deals than me
I know that I have some potential at
creating what could be a poppin account
because even my sister who's only 20
years old has a very beautiful feed this
is my sister morgue annex hello so I'm
actually looking at your Instagram right
now and I want to know how you became
aesthetically pleasing and I want to
know why I can't figure it out we're all
the same colors wait say you I chose a
color scheme yeah so I only wear white
grey or like that and how much of it is
in the actual editing versus just the
photo what so what apps do you use okay
I haven't got at one point but I deleted
it because there was too much work oh
well I have facetune you know if I have
a Z so do you have a photographer or do
you take your own photos I sent a letter
and like but that's also a lot of work
like anything in life I'm assuming that
if you want to have an Instagram account
that pops off you have to put a lot of
thought time and effort into it so in
efforts of creating a good video and
also feeding my own ego I'm gonna go
online and try to find a photographer
because I know that none of my friends
are gonna come take photos of me fo free
what are you guys doing I'm trying to
film since I have no photographer
friends I actually posted to Craigslist
cuz you're Carl's desperate I've
actually gotten an overwhelming number
of responses to my ad but before I even
replied to any of them I actually found
this guy on model mayhem who I'm a big
fan of all of the sudden I reached out
he responded within a minute and he said
up down so I locked him in Alicia Marie
and Ava are shaking I mean probably not
at all but a girl Katrine so I also want
to give you a look at my model mayhem
profile it is so embarrassing starting
with my about me that reads I don't take
myself seriously looking to possibly
collapse or Instagram who is she and
then if you click over into my portfolio
that's when things get real interesting
oh my god this was literally for a photo
shoot to post on my Instagram nothing
more I didn't get paid to do this and
then you go to the next one which I
believe was a self-timer I think I set
this up myself and probably took 35
photos before I came to this one picture
this is another where I think I actually
used this as a headshot to try to get
jobs legitimately tried to get acting
jobs with this photo I thought I was
Edward from Twilight or something oh I
take that back
this is Edward from Twilight this this
was my Beach moment and I will say this
photo actually got me quite a few jobs
this is when I looked young I felt young
and Disney was calling but now look he's
freaking out because he's coming over in
just a couple of hours
I have no idea what I'm going to wear
for this shoe
it's been about 45 minutes of me raiding
my closet and I'm gonna be honest I
haven't found anything that I like I
feel a lot of pressure trying to compete
with these beautiful people on Instagram
because they're so fashionable and I'm
just starting to feel like I'm never
going to be this aesthetically
beautifully dressed person so instead
I've decided I'm just gonna go with
clothes that make me feel comfortable
and confident and that might not be the
best looking but it's the best option
for me so the photographer should be
arriving any minute I'm feeling just a
little bit nervous because it does feel
like a blind date since I met this
person on the internet but I got a good
vibe about him so I think it's gonna go
well I'm just waiting for him nikto
hello how are you doing Maya is this
weird have you ever come to a stranger's
house to shoot them like this before
what do you think makes for the perfect
Instagram location and wardrobe do you
think this is gonna work I think so
let's get started it's not easy being an
Instagram model
I got some douchey Instagram glasses if
you like the lemon no I probably can't
take myself seriously in these being an
Instagram model is very hard I didn't
vlog behind the scenes much at all but
we accomplished a lot right yes we did
you're gonna go home edit out all my
zits straighten my teeth that's perfect
you guys also go follow him on Instagram
what is it Maya sac its mqs photography
to it alright you guys so my just left
oh no and I are playing fetch and I'm
just praying that we got something good
today I learned that I will never become
an Instagram model honestly it's a skill
it's a craft it's something that you
have to learn it's hard I'm gonna show
you the photos I hope I'm beautiful and
I hope that I can compete with Alicia
and Ava I can't believe that this is
like possible I can't believe that we
made this happen ok so I just got my
photos back from Maya and I started
looking at them but then I paused and
thought I needed to get shades or
reaction as well I love that you found a
guy on Craigslist and just let him into
our house he's model mayhem are you
ready
ooh you don't catch a reference yes we
should Zoey 101 get with it
I already hey don't make me blue again
just get to it all right
well like you like it
are you think glasses yes I bought those
at urban that's the trendy thing right
now having problematic vision is not
trendy it is a disability next I can't I
literally what why are you wearing that
hat it's your hat exactly
first of all I love that you did this
for a picture but you won't do this in
real life I'm the only one that does
this you take out the trash and bring it
back in that's your rap song write that
down bring it back in take it out there
a newscast interesting this is part two
in the trash bin series
and don't even lie I did send this one
to Shane and he said I want that framed
so I'm not even going to let you pretend
like you hate your shimmy I'm shaking
I'm shaking you can't even hate this run
what it's me and or no what's there -
hey all of these look like they would be
at your funeral do you don't have seven
we're gonna die like this looks like it
would be blown up over your casket he
doesn't get it if you die and now I have
to take care of that's it
shut up my favorite oh yeah trash is my
favorite but I think you look very cute
all of them and I think photographer is
gray and are you gonna post these yes
and you're gonna like all of them I'm
just kidding I love all of them I was
just making funnies I do
aren't you guys that is all I have for
this week's video I hope you enjoyed
watching me attempt to become Instagram
famous I just got back from Utah I've
logged the whole thing I went to a
wedding and also hung out with my family
because I was born in Utah fun fact
so a week in my life is coming next week
comment below what you thought was the
weirdest or best about this video I love
you very much thank you so much for
watching and supporting I'll see you
next week good
