here she is our city kitty cat
toilet-training kit for cheeto hey you
guys welcome back to my channel I was
literally just browsing the internet and
ad popped up for a product that train
your cat to literally in the bathroom on
the toilet you found us because you want
to go litter free and citikitty is your
ticket to life without a litter box and
the mess it leaves behind the other
thing I'll say is it's not very clean
it's all over everywhere the biggest
problem in our house has been Gio's
litter box because it stinks it's messy
it's hard to clean and we had no idea
where to put it for a while
cheeto was literally taking over Shane's
office where I'm sitting right now but
we stopped using the room altogether
because it smelled so bad so the door
was just permanently closed unless
cheeto was using the litter box there
about a month ago
Shane was set up he wanted his off his
back get them out we moved to cheeto to
the gym so that we could redo this
office I'm sure you sell in my last blog
if you have it
go watch the updated awesome store
anyways Cheetos been in the gym which
has been a little bit better literally
when you come in this room there's
already poop on the ground so if this
product works
it's literally really going to save not
just my life my life but Shane's as well
that's right what I'm truly training
cheeto he doesn't know this is not going
to work yes it is how come you're not
more excited you hate the litter box
more than anyone here first of all
housing a flush it know we have to flush
it do you mean to put your own food but
do i watch my fees I'm environmentally
friendly sure do you think I can potty
trained my cat will be this
potty-trained cheetah yes you do totally
whatever you want
hi red yes they're very rare okay thank
you for a song Oh with you potty trained
all right you guys are very excited
because our city has arrived from Amazon
and I'm very excited about it so is
cheeto
maybe the moment of truth here she is
our city kitty cat toilet-training kit
for cheeto you ready fuzzy cheetah what
do you think oh so I guess what happened
you start with the toilet seat
completely covered and then you make a
little hole
a bigger hole a bigger hole and then
eventually the cat starts going to the
bathroom on its own in the toilet are
you ready
well he's interested so that's a start
the next day so the one thing that they
don't actually tell you about this
product is that you have to buy a
flushable litter sold separately so I
had to go down to the pet store to find
one of these and I woke up this morning
and my nightmare of the cat has found
his way inside of the bed
literally destroys everything
so I swim in the office and he is in
trouble I have my citikitty in place and
ready to go and down here I have my
explosive a litter so I'm going to fill
it up see the animals that are annoying
the crap out of me right out here and
then I'm going to test it out and see if
she will actually use it so - dope smart
which I seem to think he is I feel like
we will be able to trick him into using
the actual toilet so I brought you in
the bathroom interviews what are we
doing Gino no they're the directions
tell us this is going well or he's just
playing inside of it because I've never
seen him play as under his litter box
like this so cheater normally takes a
dump about 15 minutes after he eats his
dinner so it's about 7:00 p.m. which is
when I normally feed him I'm going to
cover up his regular litter box and I'm
going to direct him into the bathroom in
hopes that he'll use the toilet doesn't
hear two L's Ledo
goofing around video your poop in here
all right so I've decided to go in with
a dog poop bag to find out
oh he did make it tickle
I'm so cute okay that's great I started
say day one's a success because he peed
in the toilet now we're just like eight
weeks away from cheeto big body trades
good morning it's day Jack yes it does
need a - I'm trying to toilet trained
cheat out my little barbers
I'm sleeping on a ninja turtle couch
what you doing good morning
say hello to the vlogs oh my gosh he did
actually pee in it again he did it so
I'm going to say the downside to this
cat toilet-training kit is that it
really does take a lot of time and
dedication for example I just spent 15
minutes cleaning out the dirty litter
washing and drying this in order to
punch out the next hole to get to the
next level so I will today this is sort
of like potty training a dog very high
light which was the biggest nightmare of
my life the other thing is that I'm
going to try to fast-track this and pop
out to hold instead of just the one that
they recommend so the process in total
took a little over two weeks initially I
thought I'd be able to pop out two holes
at once but as the circle got bigger
exposing more of the toilet it took
longer for cheeto to adapt so I am down
to the final ring I haven't actually
removed the toilet trainer just yet
because I don't think he's there but he
has successfully started pooping inside
of the toilet which is exciting I'm
still going to have the litter box as a
backup always if you have the time I
think this is well worth it but if
you're like me impatient and always on
the move I don't think this product is
going to work for you one more thing I
want to point out is that if you
have another animal it might become a
problem because our dog love to not only
eat kitty litter but he licks cheetahs
pee and eats cheetahs poop if it's
accessible to him I walked in last night
and uno have glitter all over his mouth
all right you guys that is all I have
for this week's video if you enjoyed
watching me attempt to toilet-trained my
cat make sure you give this video a big
old thumbs up and make sure you
subscribe for new videos every Tuesday
I've also been thinking about maybe
trying to teach judo to walk on the
treadmill so if you want to see that
video comment down below thank you so
much for watching and supporting my
videos I love you very much good is he
going to do it if he does it I am going
to be shaking No
