my life I'm ready I'm ready
are you guys it's a very important day
for the vlog because guess what
but you started that wrong what oh no
what
update I'm update time I said God we're
going to see Alicia Marie in the flesh -
big tank for me she's influenced the way
that I'm at uber she's not really has
influenced everything you guys rose
alesha
that's what okay update time update our
third time up update time adjust work
Oh same time my gosh it's Monday they
are not going to be able to deal with a
treat you know already wants to eat it
you know this is where we can't have
nice things
this trees gonna be dead in like an hour
also fans in the office yeah you guys
already lost your office privileges I
woke up this morning and you know had
eaten my headphones and I use the carpet
all askew you know get back out to LA to
what we did to our beautiful house palm
I could freakin what is this Gio do you
care did you hear me painting I mean I
heard you peeing I don't know if there's
you pee yeah what are you doing I got
you a bed he's gonna burn it though I
hope he doesn't learn his lesson a burn
cheeto planning hot cheeto
on Tuesday so I decided to take her go
hiking and it's the middle of the day in
the middle of the summer and he's not
here for it he's sitting there like Oh
baby not on tonight I guess all of my
friends have jobs because none of them
could join me now I'm stuck carrying
he'll wish us luck papa whinnies oh no
way this is what you see right when you
walked in the room the animals loved the
office although they have been bad
get them out chez Pierre will you feel
my beauty guru office torque so dark I
literally can't see them well then come
to the side here we have change
conspiracy theory challenge hey what's
up be nice actually the company is couch
in our house but nobody actually ever
stood on it except for shame when you go
Oh conspiracy over here we have our
brand-new beautiful rug you might have
seen it interviewed by Ryland music
video shoot where I was like kind of
Christmas Oh chill out please over here
we have our chairs that don't connect we
match our desk however they're
comfortable and sitting this table we
look for forever it's hard to actually
find the table
that's a desk for two people and I think
this is actually a work bench I don't
think it's for an office or a desk this
is my little workspace this is shades of
the workspace and on the desk we have to
switch you got me for Christmas
and then if you look up here you'll see
the painting that I got shade for his
birthday of Budo and chido it's adorable
and then you guys at night
this office is loose no but for real we
got this cute neon banana and you light
up bulbs that hang over our window
well you guys really hope you enjoyed my
attempt of becoming a beauty guru in
order to give you a tour of sanitized
brand new office but now on with the
video
what's a good day right today Thursday
ice cream I made a special trip Parker
is a really dirty it is super basketball
right hello it's me I'm ready I'm ready
and ready why do you do their take of
Helio by me we do it no I'm not doing
that
hello okay me that's me baby making rain
I can't do that in that cream right what
my editors search and I have been coming
our music yeah all day lager feeling a
little low energy so we got some
wellness shop are you ready oh I hear
how we should take them together aren't
you he was that is so gross most the
tempers were fucking violently
hiccupping after I take these us being
so healthy after literally eating it
doesn't have done it
so it's 1933 and all of a sudden shade
looks over it says caddy your makeup and
I just know and he said no let me do
your makeup you ain't got this box of
shit why are you going to America I'm
watching a lot of Geoffrey style videos
and I feel like I can do it too
so what are you doing first well first I
need to foundation you keep that brush
is so dirty you get your face done by
two beauty gurus and all of the sudden
kunos how things Mona says you what is
that it's a highlighter rose it's very
expensive honestly not even like try to
be funny or anything I'm not impressed
with this so here we have our Geoffrey
start and drogyny palette what are you
guys going to move for I really like
that light purple who knows in the mood
to piss me off right now so okay or not
ah what do you move forward double
headed makeup guru keeps watching and
loving the Geoffrey starred I'm not
letting anything Kylie's you can't
really see the magic what do you mean
the mad so I know let's Bart here look
at me hmm what your makeup doesn't look
good in any lighting literally tried
five places now can I look at myself
here's the thing I don't it's not
showing up right on camera but in real
life it is it also looks like you have
pinkeye I don't know what's on this side
yeah no it hurts I think you might have
gotten makeup in it all right I think it
looks oh my god what is going on with my
eye well ignore that look at the look it
is so bad no it's not okay take a moment
to appreciate the little things okay
close one of your eyes and look at the
look at it look at that beautiful like
hombre fade from gold to pink to magenta
to brown to white I'll give you the eyes
guys are good and did you like the
eyebrows Addison taken show you're
blinding highlight
it looked like a person who's dead who
needs makeup Oh see this looks good
see that's everything this is a fail I
can't go outside like this well I think
it looks I gotta go figure out if you
gave me pinkeye hello good morning and
welcome back to the vlog so yesterday I
tried to go over the shrub to get unos
ball that I lost I failed because when I
got halfway down I realized that I was
wearing slippers so this time I'm going
to try a different entrance down there
and honestly I had no idea that there
was a unknown forest land in my house
I'm shocked so I'm genuinely looking for
this fall everywhere I'm hoping I can
find it because it's ooh oh my god
that's it that's it you know for some
reason I thought I would feel more
accomplished but I really don't okay but
me when I'm in the forest and find our
old deflated Swan that we lost
just please down
current moosh iPad your boss all right
you guys that is all I have for this
week's video if you enjoyed your time
here make sure you hit that like button
and subscribe to this channel and maybe
comment down below as well because I am
curious to know if you like watching me
vlog it's not I'll just cancel it so
let's talk about it also I wanted a
music video last week that I'm still
very excited about if you haven't seen
it already maybe go give it a little
watch a review or ooh I don't know what
I'm saying anymore they so much for
watching and supporting me all over very
much good
