what's up you guys welcome to my channel
today I'm doing something I've never
done before and that's above
story time yes I am finally ready to
address my new to photo scandal I've
never actually said anything about it
except for one tweet right when it was
happening saying yes I know that I have
been hacked because I was legitimately
boarding a plane but I do want to rewind
back to when all of this first happened
and that was at the beginning of May
when I was flying to Seattle for a shoot
for a show called get jacked the day was
actually going awesome I drove to the
airport with my friend guru who is also
my ex-roommate and once we got to the
airport I was eating lunch before taking
off on the flight and that's when I got
an email from Instagram that said hey
your account has been chosen to become
verified I was like about time and I
don't care like I haven't been asking
Instagram to verify me because what does
that actually mean you know like how is
the cheque gonna freaking enhance my
life so I got the email and I was like
oh cool they were like all you got to do
is turn off your two-step verification
and we'll go into your account and put
the check mark in for you and I said
well that's a little bit sketchy and not
something that I'm really into so I go
and I looked at who sent the email and
it's like Instagram at gmail.com so
there's no way that that is Instagram
that's emailing me so then I go to
change my password in Instagram because
I was just a little bit scared and I got
an email back from Instagram being like
oh so you're changing your password it
was like at Instagram calm so that's
when I knew that this person was
legitimately with me so I changed my
Instagram pass where I'm like oh well
moving on with my life about three
minutes later I'm walking over to the
gate where my airplane is and I get an
email from snapchat that says sorry
you're having trouble logging into your
account and I was like not today not
today
because I even hacked once prior with
somebody that was getting into my iCloud
they actually
successful we got into my iCloud and
then shut down my phone because they put
my phone into lost mode and then it was
a nightmare I had to completely reset my
phone I lost everything on it bitch
don't come from my iCloud because it
doesn't exist so I'm walking up to the
gate and that's when I go into snapchat
and I decided ok they're trying to get
into my snapchat to let me change the
password I changed my password I'm
talking to the rest of the people from
clever for a little bit and then I go
back to open my snapchat because when i
unlock my phone that's what I last you
so it opened except I was logged out
this time and it was just the login page
for snapchat so I go to hit forgot
password and you know it normally will
prompt you to give your phone number or
your email address so I put in my phone
number and said sorry that's not the
number that's associated with your
account so not only did you get into my
account they changed my contact
information to there so I had no way of
getting this information back so I board
the plane and I opened Twitter and my
twitter is blowing up people are sending
me my own news I didn't know that they
were doing nude photos because when I
had seen it it was just like you've been
hacked by so I started texting Shae I
was like hey I'm hacked I don't know
what's happening I think that they have
nude so he started looking he started
borderless freaking out with me but
telling me it was going to be fine it
was going to be ok Lilly who was also on
the plane started texting me and she's
like hey just write your snapchat people
are tweeting at me like what's going on
are you ok and I was like honestly I
don't know my personal life had been so
invaded but I was so helpless because I
couldn't do anything I felt odd that
people cared enough to hack into my
snapchat and it was weird they started
releasing nude I was seeing the photos
on Twitter I was like oh Lisa I look
good I don't want to sound cocky but I
thought I looked fine
I can live with that it's just a little
bit embarrassing the people I know get
to see this so Lily's next to me doing
damage control we're trying to contact
anyone we can at Twitter snapchat
Instagram I was freaking out cuz I'm
getting on a plane and there was nothing
I could do the worst part about this is
that the second the plane was taking off
my phone number got leaked I started
getting so many phone calls that I
couldn't even utilize my phone he got my
number because when he was in my
snapchat he went to change my number to
his number as the point of contact so
that's how he had my number and he
blasted it on my story on my snapchat
that he was inside of I was also very
scared because I didn't know what else
he was inside of I didn't know if he had
got these nudes from my iCloud I didn't
know what he had access to so that's
where my mind was a little unstable but
I was just trying to stay cool what I
did later find out is that he had access
to photos inside of my snapchat because
now when you're on snapchat and you film
a story or you're sending to somebody if
you save it it goes into your memory so
what had happened was I had actually
taken a few nudes back when Shane was on
his book tour I thought it was weird
because I hadn't taken photos of myself
like that in a very very long time
because I've been in a relationship for
over a year now but the photo that they
had gotten access to when we were first
in like the early stages of dating we
had been with each other for a couple of
months and we were like missing each
other and he was gone for a long time I
didn't know is there I couldn't have
avoided it I guess because I'm not in
snapchat enough to know that those
photos are there the other videos that
he leaked was actually super random and
strange and weird it was Shane mouthing
my dick to a Selena Gomez song which is
not attractive it's just something that
we did on a vacation when we probably
had one too many drinks you know what
I'm saying
so anyways those are the photos
he had access to thankfully he was not
inside my iCloud which I did have at the
time since bed girl has no iCloud has
nothing like that at all but it was so
strange because the entire day that's
all I could tell with I was getting so
many tweets so many phone calls so many
messages all of my friends my family my
co-workers and it's embarrassing because
all of these people are seeing you like
they're seeing all of you and all of my
friends that are sitting next to me
helping are people that have just seen
me holding my dick in an odd weird way
that you would never want your friends
to see so it was very violating but I
can get over the nude photos what I
can't get over is the phone number
because that's something that really
affected my life I was on a work trip I
didn't have time to go to the AT&T store
to change my number and all of that so
it was very annoying and I know a lot of
you you just are excited or you wanted
to see if it was the right number so I
get why you were calling like I get it
but for me it was very overwhelming so
eventually I got back into my snapchat
account by using their support page
unfortunately it took a little while
because I had to wait until my plane
landed in Seattle in order to access the
Wi-Fi I just wanted to share the story
with all of you because I thought that
you needed some closure as well I get
tweets about this non-stop so I wanted
to let you know my side of the story
what I felt like why I wasn't addressing
it because in the heat of the moment I
felt like if I started bringing more
attention to it the people that didn't
already know about it would start
knowing about it and I didn't want to
spread my nude photos and phone number
for the entire world or at least my
entire audience because only about like
one fifth of you guys got it but then
you know things circulate fast on the
internet I hope you guys enjoyed this
story time video if you did make sure
you give it a big thumbs up so I know
that you like to hear stories from me
also I make videos every single Tuesday
so make sure
are your subscribers turn on that little
bale see good when I upload you guys I'm
so grateful that you're watching and
supporting I love you so much
come on
