hey what's up you guys welcome back to
my channel I know it's been a minute so
I'm excited to be here today
we're throwing an epic pool party and by
epic pool party I mean shamed and I are
going to be playing with a whole bunch
of pool toys no friends just the two of
us and godo honestly this all came to
fruition when we were on our road trip
on her way home from Colorado we saw the
most epic pool store ever that's the
cutest thing I've ever seen in my life
okay but that one is me there's a turtle
oh I forgot we got his in her hat let me
try this on what should we call her my
name is Alyssa Edwards who know you like
daddy's new look out the door babe when
I took it upon himself to jump in the
pool
Oh No did I say you could do that he
jumped in the pool and I didn't even say
he could it's not even top of the pool
party oh that was lame or no I'm in the
love story more iconic than that madam
you know I look growl if I didn't nobody
tell me if you look fine where's your
hat but I'm used to that this is why I'm
sweating recently we've been really into
firework
oh I literally power all the sizes oh it
feels like a second coming out this is
going wrong legal in California but oh
my god what an icon oh my god me when
I'm red like wow oh wow who knows
literally running away me when I'm the
world's worst mom so during our road
trip Shane and I also came across the
store that actually sells try Angela are
you going to try it with me no I will
never do that in my entire life
what so you're gonna make me try this
alone that's so gross you're the one who
bought it not only is this against my
happy vegan lifestyle but it's just
gross I have a weak stomach so I'm not
going to be good at this at all that I
should take it out of the bag yeah no
I'm not going anywhere near this no I
know it's packaged and ready to eat but
am I going to be sick for days oh my god
oh my god there's no way that you can
eat this oh my god feel ill hey what is
it on what I think those are babies shut
up I don't know I think you just eat it
I don't want to become you in her
diarrhea for a week that's mean all
right give it a try wait to meet yeah
light one on should we cook it a little
bit oh my god well it's not really
burning but it's heating up you baby all
right have fun I think I should mentally
prepare myself I feel like this one's
pregnant oh my god
oh the only thing I hate more than
snakes are spy oh I can't believe you're
touching that you oh my god you should
share it with them no
who shut up you first follow it yeah
oh my god Oh oh my god I can't with it
all at least gets under uno okay let me
careful wait for him okay he didn't
wanna knock anything nope
you know also why they're dead human
hair takes to your loss don't ask two
L's later shades are blowing this up for
20 minutes oh it's the crying emoji it's
so cute
are you having fun dad I would feel
small he looks so angry but I'm so
afraid of him the next day we're in the
middle of filming this video for shades
Chad are you having fun what do you
think the problem is I think you have to
be nine years old and way too big for a
nine-year-old not something to say about
me we sleep out here if you wear that
pink have any longer you're going to
have to Oh baby not on tonight I mean
what I'm trying to get out of the dance
so 10 a.m. I just realized shades about
to hit 10 million subscribers so he's
still asleep I'm running down to the
grocery store to get him a cake hey guys
update time so it's an entire week later
and I've realized that I'm the world's
worst vlogger because not only did I get
zero reactions to us eating the cake
that I got Shane for hitting 10 million
subscribers but I also filmed none of
his birthday which also happened last
week but the worst part of all is I
filmed nothing when Ricky Dillon came
over with his big Luna to meet us for
the very
first time but luckily Shane captured
some of it on his camera so I stole that
footage from him a little Irish give it
to him love it and although I have not
posted in what feels like years I have
still been vlogging and like I mentioned
Shane and I did go back to Colorado for
my mom's birthday at the beginning of
July and we did stay through the fourth
Wow back home Colorado see you liked my
house it's very big this is where I grew
up so many memories this is my back Oh
so on that also hi mom say hello to my
vlog well I look awful fine right the
shames passed out often did you say hi
to the vlog yet no I don't even know the
lawyers however as you may know Shane
ended up buying a car and we ended up
road tripping all the way back to
California it was an epic journey and we
stopped a lot along the way Dora iceberg
which is a famous ice-cream place in
Utah I'm so excited
literally all we do is eat my light we
got after something like six hours we
finally made it to st. George it was
beautiful and we actually stayed in the
hotel where they filmed High School
Musical I was living but it was also a
hundred and sixteen degrees and Shane
complained the entire time I'm calm he
didn't hit chef hey would have never
stayed here and our next stop was Vegas
which was equally as hot but I was fired
up because Shane and I decided to rent
an Airbnb with an epic pool to film our
pool toy video however when we arrived
to the house we sat down in the kitchen
and all of the sudden a mouse or rat ran
right out from under the fridge yeah
Jane we're staying at our table
the guy the Airbnb guy just goes and by
the way there's free Jack Daniels for
you it's like is it for others or the
rat
if you look thirsty I'll not my
boyfriend didn't punch somebody in the
hand all right you guys that's all I
have for this week's video if you
enjoyed your time here make sure you hit
that like button and subscribe for
videos yes every Tuesday thank you so
much for watching and supporting I love
you very much
good
