honestly I was a little bit nervous
going into it because I have had
encounters with youtubers in the past
that are not so pretty my light
you guys I just upgraded from my iphone
to real camera it's like I'm a youtuber
now or something you have to let me know
and now I'm probably fucking looking at
the screen if you look down here you see
my backpack and a lot of trash thanks
for joining me on this journey of life
my gosh it's fun sir chef chef chef
strap up and then the dog attack
I've never blogged in public before
because I feel weird about it he was
just looking he wears this we're like
the Kardashian I even mean how we're
going to salt & straw which is Bujji
in-between roasted strawberry and
toasted white chocolate and salted
malted chocolate chip cookie dough I
feel good about my decision going now oh
there were on our way to Mexico except
for we just missed our line so now we're
stuck in Santa Monica here's our view of
Santa Monica it's actually pretty cute
you know what you look a little better
on this one no this can't really great
oh yeah you like my new vlog camera I am
not used to this walking around with you
while you're doing that I'm getting like
a little uncomfortable update it's 1:00
a.m. I delivered a little update time
from Alicia Marie update tag listen
you're embarrassing and anyways I'm
going to go play on my marble laptop
that I only got because Alicia has one
fine no okay
get back here it's 1:00 a.m. we have
serious decisions to make do we take the
7:00 a.m. flight to Cabo tomorrow
morning and then fly back there it is
embarrassing that we're even talking
about this okay but it's a situation you
hear what you just said do we take the 7
a.m. flight to Cabo or do we stay on the
beachside Hotel they were already in
we've been debating for two hours and
then Shay goes well wait let's just look
up a magic 8-ball I said no
there's this little fidget spinner in
our room that is a magic 8-ball this is
like a movie moment because when we got
into the shroom we were like what the
fuck is this and then he's like oh it's
like a thing you ask it a question we
spin it whatever and then later we were
like we just need somebody to tell us
what to do and then he went spinner
you're together yeah let's do it
together
we're going to spend that we get on the
plane at 4 a.m. and go to cabo oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god yeah here's the thing can I be
super honest or we missed the flight
right I took that as a sign we got here
I got another weird feeling my stomach
and now I was like God give me a sign
and then you found this thing
it literally said no it didn't say any
of it it didn't think okay show the
other option the other options were
literally tomorrow sit on it yeah today
pass the BOP like what the plus is not
even mean maybe wreck something like it
picked the one now alright we'll update
you in the morning good night papa
whinnies oh no we're dead
so I'm starting to edit this vlog as we
speak and I was looking through Twitter
and I was looking at one of you guys
said that I hit 200,000 subscribers on
YouTube so I look at it it's true to
freak it out what yeah I think Shing
should be excited for today yeah and
this one is for you because I just made
200,000 cookies today
Thursday I scream one thing in my life
that I haven't really shared with you
just yet is my love for yoga so I think
I'm going to go outside right now and
give you a creepy weird montage watch
them
and
erin roberts burgers yeah first of all
she told me she was going to get a
pedicure and I said girl I've never done
that I'm in so she googled where we
should go and here we are at royalty
beauty spa I know this is right Queen
what's your name
I'm me yeah this is her salon
I'm excited what's gonna happen to me
nothing gonna happen everything going to
be Smee you know pick a color I think
I've always wanted to try that we should
paint my nails right how often the guys
come in to do this once a month
what's the moon all right they can't go
so they come once a month Rainbow Falls
oh my gosh that is so appropriate I
think that's good right yeah and they're
going to be able to get this off it's
called fingernail polish it stays on for
like weeks
stay off where is there forever girl
grandbo fall we have to roll it make it
you know even I can't believe these are
my man pee
VidCon has arrived your has a ready
inside for Cosmo you hurry bud I'm
having the best time to get spinning
over over
are you guys took a break from VidCon
and convinced
Viviane and Lauren she comes a sweet cup
with me I was initially just going to go
alone but I found some friends I'm so
excited we're here ice cream in choco
not as like I don't anything else okay
what were you saying it was the best
flavors are and all of those can be
tacos I'm pay to say hi oh and that's
something else
I even mean
alright I'm gonna take the big measurin
come true groan here you look like a
fucking celebrity right now so why are
you wearing sunglasses inside
I forgot my rage I couldn't find my
regular glasses in the pile of stuff all
right on my apartment so those are
prescription yes they are now he's going
to VidCon to meet fans wearing
sunglasses me though alright we're gonna
eat our last away see you later I got it
go back home from VidCon and it was
honestly insane crazier than I ever
could have imagined it was my first time
I did not know what to expect honestly I
was a little bit nervous going into it
because I have had encounters with
youtubers in the past that are not so
pretty because you guys know that I do
work for a celebrity news channel and in
that we talk about youtubers and I don't
hold back very often so when we're
talking about somebody's life I deep
dive we talk about sexuality we talk
about relationships we go in if a
youtuber sharing it with the world then
it's fair game for us to talk about
especially on a news channel so in the
past when I've met youtubers it has not
been so pretty some have been fine like
Ricky Dillon came up to me and I was
like hey nice to meet you because oh I
know who you are and I was like but it
turned out to be fine he said oh no you
were very nice you're just talking about
my video where I came out as asexual so
that was a good instance but like I said
many have not been pretty so I was set
to host a live panel for VidCon on
YouTube and in that we were interviewing
guests so I was afraid that I was going
to have a moment on live TV or live
YouTube of a youtuber confronting me but
that didn't happen
so always well at least for now and I
will say after being in the game for
sometime and reporting on celebrity news
and now having had some people report on
my life as well I understand that also
as personalities you put a lot out into
the world sometimes it doesn't feel so
great to have somebody else talk about
you when they don't know you or don't
know exactly what happened so I would
say that I have changed my ways I did
make it home I'm alive and I would say
my first VidCon was definitely a success
all right you guys that is all I have
for this week's video if you enjoyed
your time here make sure you hit that
like button and subscribe for new videos
every single Tuesday I only make one
video a week so if you want to hang out
with me in between videos you can follow
me on instagram at Ryland Adams thank
you so much for watching I love you very
much
good
