hey what's up you guys today with a lot
of help from all of you I have decided
that I'm going to become Miley Cyrus I
am honestly so fired up for this and
right now I have my makeup artist friend
coming over to start this epic
transformation are you guys Luisa has a
rock we're about to transform this into
Miley Cyrus no she also made me Ariana
if you saw the last video and killed it
this is the inspiration look let's get
started guys got a Starbucks this is the
first time I was here myself
do you think I look good no matter what
you will always look like a lobster
we were those not real eyebrows I mean
they're half mine you know I cut myself
shaving
you're just being Miley squealing more
like you might we already just a little
thicker lead all right imagine getting
your period in this like game over Malvo
woof your tits about to fall off
well I had to work on my face kid
situation
RuPaul would say your attention to
detail is wait what are we doing well I
have to get cat fucking real she is like
she's just being Miley but she's also
just being a person all right so I just
arrived at Party City because I got to
get some balloons to recreate my Malibu
music video Liam says you won't go in
with me
so Liam's gonna go to CBS and try to
take it dude what do you serve a party
sit here we go
goddamn arty kidding like Jack I March
already happening I was scared of
logging in public before but now that
I'm dressed as a woman and in parties I
by myself it's even more terrifying so
I'm thinking if I put on my my like axe
pants and I'm just gonna you know just
not look at anyone so I order balloon
from you or over at the counter so I've
been told that I can just pick out five
balloons whatever I want right I'm gonna
get red blue green and orange here's
four okay thank you
I've never seen in a tree and I never
seen dirt and I've never seen Scott and
I've never seen three but here I am all
right yeah we just got back to our hotel
room and it is fancy as fuck this is the
cutest fucking room ever
yeah I do
yeah not fancy white people left it
summer shampositive wait what do you
like about it
you like that this little beverage bar
is everything I got I got a look at the
bathroom as well Oh oh my god the toilet
just opened for me that freaks me the
fuck out what is that it cleaned your
ass I is shooting into my butt and I
think it's popping my hemline oh my god
I bet your ass is so clean though wait
what what is going on GG Jurgen - ha
literally so many people looking I can't
take it at all
yes bitch be free bitch we can't stop it
oh yeah you got to do the dance
something tells me this is the same
amount of production value and the same
budge as for music video I think you
should go into the water
Oh
okay now look up like ah the Sun hood
it's okay keep going huh all right leo
now that I'm all wet I'm going to take
all my makeup off so we can just hang
out for the rest of the GNAT would be
super normal what everything visible we
could let them off into the world if we
have to think of like what's something
we want to let go the hater let all of
by meters we um Wow well I thought like
y'all know how I'm creative right now
we're just going to smoke a little pot
around a little song here's the thing I
don't smoke I drink all the time so I
know what being drunk is like is it like
that it's different it's a little
different
you've never been high no just the
brownie are we promoting getting stoned
right now no the next day honestly the
pop didn't really work for us it didn't
work at all
I smoked so much of it and nothing
happened and I was so sad and I kept
saying is it going to happen but we
still never got stoned so then we never
wrote a song sweet niblets all right you
guys that is all I have for this video
if you enjoy meeting sting you if you
would join do are you done ah I actually
haven't ever done this we really know
why I helium scares me some people do
have reactions to it me guy reason is oh
hello
oh my god that could not be good for you
if you like watching me become pop stars
let me know by liking this video comment
below and let's talk it out also I only
make one video a week so if you want to
hang with me you can follow me on
Instagram on our Island Adam I love
conversing with all of you there shades
stop big annoying thank you so much for
watching and supporting I love you all
so much good 5
