where you going you're drunk go home hey
what's up you guys welcome to my very
persistent ready off my channel
there she remove an athlean party a
little too hard anyways I'm going to the
Virtua job video on my channel is give
you a drug cue and I ask you on this
watching this is a wedding no fuck
so it's 2:00 in the morning people are
sleeping you know I'm not afraid your
loves buckle first question is coming
from love YouTube forever says Ryan
Adams you can be a fruit what would you
be in which venue which you suck I would
definitely be a banana because banana
row my favorite fruit and I was fucking
avocado because I love Somali what are
your favorite old TV shows the TV show
that actually made me move to Los
Angeles is Friday night like why did you
get a tattoo it's always on my leg too
late
but honestly Friday night life is what
made me move to LA because I thought I
was going to be an actor also I have so
many crazy audition tapes I think they
might share one with you guys come on
let's go
sonic dulcet Burgess you don't know
what's going on here and this is done
with you anyway he's a real man he's
really happy just you know all the times
I feel like I was having a good time in
bed I wasn't I just felt sorry for you
Olivia WS where do you see yourself in
ten years hopefully on some kind of
morning show being a basic act bitch
fucking avocado because I love some
caramel
next up lace chip says Rylan have you
ever been recognized in public and do
you have any funny stories from that um
yes
mothafucka I get recognized as Edgar
from BuzzFeed every day of my life I was
it to grow like a week and a half ago
for sure you waiting in there whispering
wait you're not Andrew from BuzzFeed
while the list is live worth it for real
I was at the Grove I've heard of about
semi girls go we're all taking pictures
of you I just said okay listen how's
your manager I think you need to call
this video Wireless BuzzFeed and the
thumbnail will be you looking like the
guy from BuzzFeed looking like you're
crying
boom a million views you're welcome
there's a hole in my clock at night
what is your full-time job I still have
you don't know I actually have worked
full-time for company called clever the
internet is freaking out about the way
kylie jenner is living her life I'm
there all day every day Monday through
Friday and sometimes Sunday is depending
on when a word should happen that's why
I don't make more videos than just
Tuesday for now how drunk is Shane right
now
well I think he's a little more drunk
than me we went bowling tonight and they
were filling the cup all the way to the
top I had to I think he had about three
or four
happy pride your fucking gang no offense
but bowling is fucking boring
I'll have your Drupal home did you enjoy
your old modeling career and what was
the worst photo ever taken I did move
out here and houses becoming a print
model and so I took a lot of cringy
pictures take a look sherry white wants
to know why are you so close to the
camera in your vlog um okay I actually
have a reason for that I'd like to be
close to the camera because I'm not in
love with my teeth I have this tooth
that overlaps the other front tooth and
in certain angles just annoys me so much
I'm smiling big in a photo or whatever I
see that and I think you that's gross
to hide that so Shane always tells me
that I should not fix my teeth and I
would like to fix my teeth but in
reality I probably will not
Ava Vajra goon named Rick says how did
you lose your virginity I was actually a
junior in high school and I was in love
or I thought I was in love with this
girl for so many years I think she
probably could he slept with me but we
were all hot to where my friends helped
it kind of happen and then we went to
the other room and it's up with the girl
the only girl I ever slept with I
enjoyed it fully but since then I have
okay
rattling any inspirational quote my mom
literally always told me for my entire
life it's what you make of it and so I
have she took that from somebody else
that's Hannah Montana
doesn't matter I don't care who she got
it from it's what I grew up on saying is
what you make of it so I seriously
believe even if the shitty ass situation
Sara Zimmerman says Ryland what's been
your most life-changing experience so
far
alright life-changing experience when I
first moved to LA what got me started in
Hollywood would be Justin Bieber's photo
double and Static for every single time
he acts that first time I mean Justin's
own set of psi and he was a crafty I was
a crafty was about 7:00 a.m. in the
morning because hey man I'm Justin it
was on his skateboard being Justin
Bieber I guess I was like oh that's very
nice of him that like this famous pop
star is actually introducing himself to
me he was just playing a standard or
double but I actually was with adjusted
about seven or eight times while he
acted in his career even one time he was
filming a Macy's Christmas commercial
yeah I'm going to make his Black Friday
sale and he rocked up like three hours
late with and so I was in Selenas
presence but Justin was always so so so
nice to me and causing problems on set
always like one time we were on CSI and
he swallowed a whole bunch of candy Cole
I had to go to the emergency room cream
comes that night the next day so fun
fact if you're watching CSI from like
three years ago
you'll actually see the scenes of Justin
from the back that is my head
alright guys I offer today's drug Q&A I
feel like I'm a little bit towards over
now I hope you had a good talk if you
want to watch less big video you could
use there right here it's a week in my
life is also about I suppose wedding
that's where I'm not the Queen of
clickbait hey you guys thank you so much
for watching and port for you I love you
so much I will see you next week we can
go to bed sweetie I just want
