hey guys good morning today I'm
showcasing my bed head that I normally
cover up with my green hat and that is
because today is finally the day that
I'm highly considering just shaving all
of this off I get so sick I'm just not
genuinely loving my hair and having to
play with it all day to like it at all
initially I thought about doing this
when I hit a million subscribers but I
chickened out and then after being Shane
wear a bald cap this week and not hating
it it kind of reinserting 'king about
shaving my head again I've obviously
been putting a lot of thought into this
and I've been asking everyone I know
yesterday I was with my friend drew and
her reaction was not my favorite I can't
cope I guess you can't see inside fuck
it throughs extra wait hold on you
haven't met my car yet it's a moment
isn't she's so beautiful it's like it's
not right fuck it's so beautiful I don't
even know who I am anymore
daddy G you guys welcome back to my old
literally looks like no one lives here
this is a ghost town literally my old TV
sitting on a box and what the fuck is
this drew this looks like we're in
college this was civilized when I lived
here what had happened but I also just
realized that I've been playing with my
hair for literally five minutes before I
started filming and that's because I
literally never liked how my hair looks
so quick question for you at Rousseff
yes how would you feel don't look at
yourself you narcissist if I were to
shave my head would you be here for it
and when I say shave buzzed oh like a
half an inch of hair
really good thing about buzzing your
hair well I just thought like I could do
it tonight I could just do it wait for
real I just don't I can't imagine you
without hair so it's hard for me you
need to do one of those things on a
computer when they put your picture than
the iPhone stop no here nobody has time
for that true you have time if you're
gonna be bald for us your life can you
show me how to do it do you have the app
right I know what a USB West you think
that I don't have to make you a
Bollywood think about it she would put
it into the app not gonna lie I'm
literally convinced that our phones
listen to us
100% of the time because the second I
got home from Drew's I sat on the couch
and opened Instagram and this ad that I
had never seen before
popped up and it showcased that you
could see yourself in different types of
hairstyles so
$3.99 later I discovered that they don't
even have a buzz haircut as an option so
instead I just put myself in a bunch of
different funky hairstyles this was
actually the closest to a buzz look
which is so disturbing and makes me want
to rethink this entire video I feel like
the silver looks closest to what I would
look like with a different hairstyle
after doing some searching I discovered
that I think I want to look like Justin
Bieber from when he had a buzz haircut
so this is actually going to be my
inspiration look although I know I won't
look like Justin Bieber because I don't
have his face or his hairline but I
think the length is perfect so I gotta
go find some tools to do this see you
guys my hair literally makes me look
like a crazy person unless I spend time
on it which I never want to do in the
morning so what I am hoping that I
achieved by buzzing my head is
I don't have to style it I'm starting to
freak out a little bit cuz if it looks
bad this video is gonna turn into me
shopping for hats so I went inside the
beauty store and I landed on this
product she assured me it had everything
I needed for an at-home buzz my hair
session okay so it's about eight hours
later and I clearly still haven't
showered but right as I was about to
have Shane buzz my hair off I found a
freaking wig cap and I put it on and
discovered that my hairline might not be
the best for a buzzed haircut I love
that that made you figure that out what
do you mean I I have been like horrified
and terrified of losing my hair my
entire life and you've never mentioned
your hair once
oh no I've never even thought about it I
how have you not thought you're a guy I
literally have thought about it every
single day bro this every day no I
literally because I was looking at
Justin Bieber who was my inspiration
look and I was like wait literally leave
kidding leaves no let me show you here's
what deterred me from actually doing it
earlier you can see that like me buzzing
my hair might not be the most flattering
whose a joy I love it you're exposing
yourself you're not even letting all the
drama channels do it for you I could
care less are you serious this is a
bigger conversation what do you mean you
don't care about losing your hair I mean
maybe I guess here's the thing of course
I want a hairstyle that like makes me
look the best that I can look but I've
lost zero sleep about my hairline in
general I'm just thinking is buzzing it
the best no wait so you're okay with
losing your hair most guys are number
one fear is losing their hair you don't
care at all my dad has a buzz haircut so
I just figure like if I were to lose my
hair and just buzz it really really sure
what is it like to be healthy mentally
like you what's that like I thought we
could start the process of buzzing my
head so I will tape off the top and eat
this isn't a house I don't have any
clips though so we're gonna have to like
strategically do this so you're gonna
buzz the sides and then as
we get closer we're gonna decide if
we're gonna buzz the top or just keep
the side Shore and have a Luke I'm
feeling like this is a bad idea
you don't go qualify I mean there's no
turning back
like what if you have a weird bump on
your head or like a thing on your head
I'm all for I'm the one that's been
telling you to shave your head for like
a year because I think that would be
cool but you get so crazy when you don't
like a haircut that it ruined your
fucking like day if you shave your head
it's gonna ruin your six months if I'm
not feeling it then this just turns into
boyfriend cuts my hair not me shaving my
head
change it to boyfriend fucks up my head
that'll be more accurate I'm ready
who knows of hiding he's terrified oh
you're gonna get the same haircut it's
Hani oh my god you guys kind of have
similar hair lines okay you know I don't
know what I'm doing right wait what I
thought you said you feel qualified I
lie a lot whatever oh I love our wedding
vows this thing takes me $70 which is
more than any haircut I've ever had
okay I'm not starting to get up if we
break up after you give me a haircut I
mean that's a better title kidding
that's a horrifying sound I think you
should just let me do it okay just like
you oh my god no I want to
uh I don't think you put that on right
what yeah you went right to your head no
yeah you literally cut a chunk out of
your head oh my god what did you do
Shane stop it you did that wrong I think
you did it wrong
oh no oh my god wait wait oh my god I
could have done it wrong your line oh
look in the mirror there's an actual
chunk missing out of your head shut up
right there or maybe my hair is just
thin uh should we cancel this I think
it's too late I think it will be fine
here's the plus side you're gonna look
cute no matter what Thanks okay I have a
few things
what so first I brought this because
you're gonna need I have my hair
inspiration no literally no Shane I've
shown you the picture it's Justin let's
be realistic I I can't do that with this
hairline I'm actually nervous okay let's
do it okay you have to promise me that
you're gonna love me no matter what and
even if it's mute hesitated this is your
idea no I don't go to into the top of my
head no surprises and we'll be fine I'm
gonna seriously try well yeah
goodness is fine
it's like mowing a lawn which I've never
done okay I'm doing it I'm fucking doing
this could you try to get a good shot I
already drank shut up
what'd you drink before this Shane is
that illegal should we call somebody
with that we know can cut hair no I'm
good at this look how much I've cut oh
don't get into the lengthy top part and
live a lengthy top we should have got a
cape or something this is not turning
out well move and you fucked me out you
fucking marbles and beating a marble
this look is not super yank well I think
I'm okay oh my god what it actually
looks good okay stop showing off
no there's hair everywhere we I think
I'd be good let's look in a mirror I
don't know if you're gonna want to shake
your head because I think I actually did
good if you're good at this I'll say $40
a month oh my god
okay this it's not bad right wait am i
fucking good at this well I'm not done
yet
well then why are we looking because I
did a lot of thing and I wanted you to
approve it
yeah I mean so far so great am i shaving
your head or not
right now I can still salvage this into
just like a good-looking cut trust me I
actually think I know what I'm doing
what if you don't think I look cute you
look so cute you kidding me no you can
literally get your head chopped off and
I still fuck yeah so we've gotten pretty
far in the process and I think I'm just
gonna put my trust inside of my
boyfriend oh my god what's this oh
that's like if you wanted to scissor cut
the top so here you didn't tell me you
have one of these yes so look at you go
like this and you can literally just go
huh so it's like a more tailored look
I'm good at cutting hair I'm serious
like I think I'm actually good at this
crazy your hair looks better short
literally everyone that does it looks
good I like Justin Timberlake when he
has a buzzed head I like Justin Bieber
when he has a buzzed head I don't know
should you just do it I know what let's
do it fucking do it ready
No oh my god wait Shane we're doing it
aah oh my god
oh ho ho it's looking cute wait turn
turn to the side
oh my god wait you think so yeah wait I
just saw like that cuz look okay look in
the camera right now
now take that off like give a cute face
I just didn't know about my receipt it
is what it is I have fat legs you ever
receiving hairline this one
Wow actually looks better like this I
think when your hair is long it's more
obvious and this way it's like your hair
actually looks thicker now interesting
it looks really good
huh huh wait let me take a picture of
you my thumbs you can see it oh my god
you look so good interesting from what I
can tell like I don't care yeah it's not
bad no I actually think it's good
there's hair everywhere
okay so Shane just finished I haven't
seen it yet I'm freaking out just a
little bit you might think it looks like
a rapper oh god I think you should go to
like better lighting you look oh my god
you look so cute
sorry I just have never really loved my
hair is so cute oh my god
oh my god it looks so cute I love it I
know I told you this is what I was
hoping I know Wow
I told you oh my god we got to go get
one here saying you look like some kind
of porn i watch me and my G Wagen with
my buzz cut and my one earring just like
and it feels good the whole thing is
good I got way too scared for no reason
at the end of the day it's also just
hair so like I think you needed to
switch up your look now shopping spree
tomorrow we could shop we could get my
ears pierced I love your new shave life
video if you enjoyed your time here make
sure you hit that like button and
subscribe because I make new videos
every single Tuesday and also let me
know in the comments below if you like
my new haircut or if you think I should
just grow it right back out I've been
having so much fun I've been taking
photos all morning so I'll insert some
here if you want to hang out with me
between uploads I've listed all of my
social media accounts just right over
here thank you guys so much for watching
it's a part of my channel I love you
very much good what we're thank you guys
my friend Drew who is also in this video
now has her very own YouTube channel so
if you haven't already seen it
please go that way and show her some
love I listed one of her newest videos
also right here
