hey guys I just want you to know that I
made this video before what happened in
Manchester and I want you to know that
I'm not taking the situation lightly at
all I'm only posting this video because
I have mad respect for ariana grande and
I'm genuinely a fan of hers I'm also
going to donate every ounce of money I
make from this video to the victims of
the bombing so I hope you enjoy me
becoming ariana grande hey guys welcome
back to my channel I had a really weird
day yesterday because I decided that I
was going to become ariana grande I had
a makeup artist friend come over to
paint my face and things got really
crazy the process in total took about
two hours and the whole time I was just
thinking does Ariana have to do this
every day before she goes out in the
world because I don't know if I could do
that about halfway through the process a
shade came home and seems very concerned
oh my god my sexuality Hey oh my god is
going for the first time I look like
Alaska Thunder in certain appear
my name is Alaska thunderclap I had
something to say I also invited my
friend Hannah over who's a little bit
shameless and I knew that she would go
out in public with me when Shane
definitely for sure would not you look
at the girls like at this table
Rodi shape for this this is what I look
like after school don't worry yes
matches match that's it I never even see
him again I'll have to clarify don't oh
my god you look so good don't get on top
of a wine bottle
yeah that's giveaway then girl I saw the
finished product and I was feeling
myself I had a photo shoot and I was
getting my life
if I had an extra two hours every day
I'll buy ya know I find an X is two
hours over there I would be tricked just
an X wherever they need more henna and I
then decided it was time to go to
Starbucks and order an ariana grande
Frappuccino oh my god
young people are recognized right Oh me
maybe but not you know finally made it
to Starbucks I'm going to see if they
really do have my ariana grande
Frappuccino but everybody's been
tweeting me about super excited and can
I also get an ariana grande Frappuccino
um I think just like the pink dream
that's what people have been tweeting me
it's just like just ink liquid drink I'm
whatever okay justjust the re
why thank you so much some people just
aren't the same famously gone public
like they would think that I just post
me here something you know I don't after
that experience I decided I needed a
little bit more I needed to experience
some more people so we went over to the
grocery store to get some food for
dinner I did however think it was
strange that I didn't get more funny
looks because although my makeup looks
good and my wig was great I was wearing
a sports bra and my hairy chest was on
full display for the world so the fact
that I only got one or two funny looks
while being out in public for about an
hour is actually groundbreaking although
I do understand that I do live in Los
Angeles where it's normal to be whoever
you are whenever you want I got back
home and Shane decided it would be a
great idea for me as Ari
to take a little dive into the pool I
think you should get in the pool and
then come out like all sexy in slow
motion max is re not want to do that now
I will re I can see your Frankie okay
I think ready jump in a lady doesn't
jump
all right cool get ready to slow motion
Toby told me the pool master wig all
right you guys that is all I have for
this week's video if you enjoyed your
time here make sure you hit that like
button and subscribe for videos
hopefully fingers crossed every tuesday
also hit that comment section below to
let me know who you would like to see me
attempt to become next I love a good
challenge also you guys you can watch
last week's video it's right here where
I vlog a week in my life be sure to show
Hannah some love I put her channel in
the description section below and thank
you so much for watching supporting and
just being here in general I love you so
much
