my life my god maybe you're gonna walk
mom wake up with my child everyday at
like 6:30 so I can take him on a little
walk
Oh baby that's until a garbage truck
it's a no this is actually insane I
think I got have to that no enough today
we made it to Seattle and piano in the
air has no pollution it at all and it's
so great it's cute we're not
she gets so mad at me because I use woke
wrong apparently it's socially it's
giving are social aware of the issues
going on in the world yeah that's not me
I'm gonna mount st. helens back in the
eighties it's right now guys back in the
eighties oh man st. Helens exploded
google it you'll see it's not here okay
but that guy is literally wait there
what is this it's a fidget spinner just
for fidgeting when he's on a weigh-in
day guys woke up in Seattle and some of
you a nice fucking freeway no but today
we actually have to go work so before
that happened oh it's way too bright I'm
gonna go try to find coffee also for
some reason it didn't occur to me that
it was going to be freezing so I wore
what I would wear in LA and I'm the only
one last night in Seattle and well I'm
fucked I was only here actually for like
well I guess like 24 hours
although got bit by a spider and this
was huge for a week and now just has a
scab where I pushed all the shit out I'm
going to bed it's late I'm tired we
didn't ever stop going today it was a
busy plan actually hate when people talk
about how busy they were it wasn't even
that I was busy it's just when you're
with a lot of people and you guys are
just moving like we ate a lot so it's
not like I was so busy half of my day
was spent eating but I'm still exhausted
good night it is now Thursday today
Thursday ice cream it's the middle of
the day I'm about to walk into Whole
Foods to get a wellness shot and a
chicken breast because I have been such
a fat ass this week that I need to get
back into the swing of things then I'm
gonna go back to work Alice didn't go to
work I was called out sick because of is
it I was like not today no that's that
craters not supposed to live here it's
all right here oh then I'm gonna go to
yoga sweat for my life
Ford your life and I thought Shane got
me the cheeto cookies again kitto
cookies in because if we have a cat
named cheeto after testing zero but I
think I'm going to like the Oreo one
that was Oreo Butterfinger and in this
one is a birthday cake and initial is um
a lot more behold
okay so we got this cookie for cheat day
Shane was bashing it the whole time I
was eating it
come on fess okay you can pick her bite
some that
dad I told you you would thank you
because it literally has cheeto crumbled
on top of the sweet cookie oh I thought
about something now I don't like it what
it reminds me when I have braces and ID
Cheetos and when the Cheetos get stuck
in my braces here that is nothing to do
with taste it's the texture all right so
the cheeto one is just as good as I
remembered it's actually everything but
then I thought that and you said it's
what that's a chocolate blackout cake
cookie is it good
it tastes like a super dense brownie
with some glitter on oh my god it's so
good
somebody
realizes have a school and insurance and
my fault pop out
all right we're trying to find a wig I'm
trying to find a wig much no for the
next video
the next become it I my hair should not
do that
do you see any you like I mean I just
feel like I'm perfect just go area not
me with all men who cachet away okay I
got you a cake to prime sickles to make
it rain
I got writing on it I make everybody
knows I make it ready no no one sprinkle
for every year of your life hey Sunday
morning and it's Mother's Day and it's
my birthday - I turned 26 today I'm so
fucking old I woke up super early so I
could run because I thought I would eat
a lot of that cake the Shane got
yesterday got me some coffee beads and
I'm at Ralph's because I'm going to find
Shane's mom some flowers because we're
gonna go hang out with his mom because
my mom lives in Colorado so I will not
get to see her today but I think I'm
gonna fly home for her birthday so I'll
be fine she'll be fine
so I'm starting to open shade present
there's a confetti bomb coming out of my
ass
and my animals are on the package this
will be two seconds
seeing the card says I'm the Chris to
your Kylie oh I guess you're doing good
I mean okay birthday haul
she got me that one but like five hat
big dad on the back and coincidentally
they say Adams which is kind of
everything he got me all the shirts in
the world bring me another three a
different color flag and look at my
cottage and thank you also might be any
pack your fruit cheese huh you have my
phone Keiko oh please just realizing
that I'm probably nothing to the be sure
I'm leaving Ralph for the second time
now today because Shane thinks that he
can make Crunchwrap supreme
without going to Taco Bell bitch I am
Taco Bell
oh you're going to tell me that doesn't
look better than talked about look at
that I mean it's pretty oh my god Wow
oh my god oh my god you're gonna taste
it no what you're taking this actually
does look like that looks so much better
contrast looking good and it might be
helped here - no it's a contrast
appraisal which as we look at is it good
oh my god it tastes exactly really wait
oh my god it's like really really good
if I was drunk growing out if I will be
they say fucked up my gosh it's fun
update it's Monday morning I didn't film
too much for my birthday cos you know I
was trying to live but that means this
video is over if you guys enjoyed this
week in my life make sure to hit that
like button if you can subscribe sorry
I'm running uno so I'm out of fucking
breath baby subscribe for videos every
single Tuesday Tuesday also maybe hit
the comments to let me know what other
kind of content you would like to see me
attempt on this channel you can also
watch me become Kylie Jenner last week
literally I've seen like five paparazzi
fallen this year so I'll see you next
Tuesday
good bye
