hi I'm Ryland
today I'm going to become hydrogen white
I'm fascinated with her I report on her
every single day of my life and I really
want to know what it is to be a
celebrity to dresses them to do makeup
like them to try to get paparazzi photos
of you really embodying what it is to be
Kylie Jenner alright so now it's time to
start today I am and I just shaved my
face which I absolutely hate doing I
didn't go all the way down but as far as
possible to feel like that price there's
all kinds of Kylie inspire products in
here so we have foundation can chill but
for you to essentially but he's actually
I'm going for Kylie when she was rockin
dream hair I feel like that is one of
her most iconic look and I feel like
it's something that I'll be able to pull
off nicely this is definitely not your
color I think that is beautiful you look
dead
to be more generous with Chris generous
no more burping your Kylie not Chloe
have you ever had boobs on your face
before no way to have this event to
promote the launch of Kylie and Kendall
collaboration for my lip kit line and I
think I'm ready to go I need to work on
the voice well first of all you look
like a monster
this was not violent
what is this traffic PDF there's Kylie
my car did you know that I hate trashy
lipstick and she still shows a fucking
trashy lipstick and like she knows I
have this big event tonight what is she
thinking I can't look like a trash can
Carol so this is my house
I purchased this place in the Hills and
I like it so far so my goal is to take a
picture in the pool that really captures
my hair my makeup my outfit and just
really encompasses the entire five of me
kylie jenner hide your dick got it
where we going well after the lion event
right now now I just touch a snapshot
that I'm going to be there to let
everyone know okay time to go out there
but really I've seen like five paparazzi
following this year so
you know it's like a Monday so it must
be that a lot of people are just to work
or like you know busy or something like
I'm about to Starbucks and I always get
stopped at Starbucks like non-stop like
you wouldn't even believe it's crazy
actually I normally can't even move
oh my god that was fucking crazy I
walked in and people started screaming
my name and I just got so overwhelmed
and especially without my security it's
like sometimes it's just like the
downside of fame is that you know like I
can't even walk into Starbucks like a
normal person without everyone looking
good damn it my Instagram promoting the
Kendall Kylie line there's hot shop
officially gone live I like to just read
and see what people are saying if they
like minor hair color a lot of people
loving in but this girl's looks you're
getting hot you should be concerned this
bro literally just said Astrix barfing
asterisk I'm confused because everyone
keeps trying
kys
and that's not even my own visual early
death people talking loudly about me but
I'm looking over here at new beautiful
flowers and songs photoshoot for later
because luckily thanks for stopping by
I've got to go
