hey guys good morning recently Shane
Garrett and I were all in San Francisco
and for some reason Shane and Garrett
convinced me to try on Shane's uniform I
guess they thought the visual would be
very funny
so I did and this is what happened
what are you doing sissy go behind a
door can you imagine you look like a
waffle Oh triggering oh my god you look
like your gastric this is crazy the
whole point is that it's big
I could be Jared from Subway well
considering we both have pedophiles yeah
it works you should try on your clothes
next they ask you how you are you just
going to say that you're fine you're not
really fine you just can't get into it
because they would never understand whoa
you look like a big gay drug addict wait
I know I'm a big neck all right let's
take it off before I actually kill
myself that was fun
so after that experience I realized that
I wore blank for a week or even a day
has been something that's been trending
on YouTube so I thought it would be very
interesting and fun to wear my
boyfriend's clothes for a week because
we have such a drastically different
sense of style and I know that you guys
for the most part only see Shane in one
outfit but what you might not know is
that he has a whole bucket full of shit
back there so I'm gonna go through all
of that pick some outfits and wear them
all week okay so when you come into our
closet all of my clothes are hanging
here my sweaters and jeans are folded
there and my jackets are hanging over
here and then you
down and all of Shane's clothes are in
these two buckets so what I'm thinking
is that we can go through all of this
stuff and possibly find about four
outfits that we can wear for different
events throughout the week so I guess
let's get looking so it's been about 30
minutes and a lot of digging later and
I've come to the conclusion on about
four outfits so the first is for date
night it's a nice button-down shirt that
I actually got him for one of our
boyfriend buys my clothes videos the
second is a gym outfit because he does
go to the gym actually like four or five
days a week and then I have a relaxed
outfit as well like an everyday at-home
casual he literally wears this shirt
every day and probably just with the
same gym shorts
I'm always literally freezing so I added
in this sweater that he actually stole
from my grandma so that goes with the
at-home look if I want he does wear the
same underwear and socks pretty much
daily these he almost sold for a hundred
grand
once on eBay judo is shook and then the
final look that I'm missing is the one
that he's wearing right now so for that
I'm actually gonna have to steal the
clothes off of his body for one of the
days hey guys okay so it's Saturday
morning and we typically stay in our
comfy clothes on the weekend if we can
so I'm gonna be putting on Shane's
casual around the house look however I
do need to run down to the pet store
because while we were in San Francisco
we did adopt a dog and she's arriving
today so I got to go down there and get
her a pet bed and maybe a new leash and
a collar and things like that oh let's
get dressed
Shayne I they ask you how you already
just to say that you're fine we are not
really fine you just can't well I had to
put a balcony
okay so I put on my grandma sweater that
is now Shane's because it's actually
freezing in LA for some reason but this
sweater makes my look so much
drastically worse it's just kind of very
baggy on me but I thought before I could
get anything done I need to stop and get
some coffee okay so I'm walking into
coffee bean but this is what I met by
this green sweater being a little
oversized it literally takes over my
entire frame but the morning look at it
I'm not embarrassed at all
Oh daddy geez looking like a snack
alright I got my coffee
we're going in to Petco to get the new
dogs and accessories also I'm not sure
if I told you guys yep the new dog's
name it's going to be DOS I feel like
it's very fitting I'm trying to find him
a bed right now but I'm not actually in
love with any of them I think this is
the best option here but I kind of want
to keep looking I did get DOS a collar
and a leash to match boot oh and I'm
just so excited I can't wait for you
guys to meet her
so I'm actually checking out at the pet
store and the cashier Stephanie hello
she literally commented on my sweater
without me even saying anything which is
crazy
I'm doing a thing where I actually wear
my boyfriend's clothes so it's a little
large but you don't think it's too big
for me so I went to what your boat Bay
but I didn't want to eat inside because
sometimes when I'm alone I just don't
like sitting there by myself
so let me show you what I got this is my
guacamole
I wonder what so freitas actually is
this chicken what I have are is this
fish
I know it's tuned of it it says chicken
I'm gonna finish eating lunch by myself
and then maybe I'll go to the gym after
Chipotle good morning is the next day I
actually genuinely slept in shades
underwear last night because they're
comfortable and I still have his socks
on as well but today I wanted to start
off my morning by going to the gym I
can't take you guys inside because it's
a heated room and you can't even bring
your phones in so instead I thought
before I go to my actual class I'll do a
sequence for you guys outside by the
pool so you can get the hang of what I
look like working out in his clothes
okay so Shane's actually already left
for the day I have no idea where here he
is
but the first thing I want to know about
this outfit is well that I like the
shirt
but there's a literal hole in the crotch
he's coming out of his shorts but I'm
gonna rock them anyways because he rocks
them literally every single day good
morning
uh I look like a crazy person but that
shade is here right now I figured it'd
be a perfect time to steal his everyday
look and live in that for a while Shane
are you ready I was just taking pictures
of the dog oh well they haven't met her
yet I look like a dog you guys me
okay I'm all shamed out and I will say I
feel the most shame in this outfit so
far hi sister honestly it looks good you
think so yeah I know you're lying but
you sound excited yeah like you look
like a kid like in the 90s like a skater
boy I mean you've already seen me in
this outfit but show a full body it's
weird because when I wear that outfit I
look gay when you wear it I look
straight no I don't know where I was
going with that okay well since I'm just
living and existing in your outfit I
wanted to introduce them to the dog oh I
had to put on a belt
previously I told you guys that we were
naming her dos but we met her and didn't
feel that name was vibing yeah I don't
know we saw them figured it out but I'm
still thinking either chips or ranch
yeah no I'm thinking Skylar Skye for
short will probably have a name decided
by the time this video goes out um so
are you guys ready to meet her she's
sleeping I wore her out ooh that's not a
creepy
we love you too oh no we still love you
too that's me we love you you could
probably fit her inside of your shirt
I'm named Jacques on your birch now I'll
cut you this wait what's the sponsor oh
I didn't tell you I've been reaching for
sponsorships because you know I have to
pay for my g-wagen and honey so
graciously decided to sponsor this video
which I'm so excited we honey
yep oh my god oh my god honey oh my god
sure ask for more money and tell them
I'm gonna name my dog honey you are me
honey
wait wait honey and then for short Hanny
I don't know honey
honey oh my god she looks like honey
goodbye oh my god wait I already call
everybody honey wait wait honey wait
honey my brand names my dog
honey and wait oh my god
oh my god you know I just had a psychic
moment what toy is she obsessed with oh
my god
Hervey her fucking be it's in who knows
Matthew told her be she's like hasn't
let go that'd be all day honey yep
that's me no but you guys I am so
grateful that honey is sponsoring this
video because I do love it it's this
awesome browser extension that finds all
of the best coupons on the internet for
you so when your online shopping
basically anywhere at Walmart on Amazon
it scours the World Wide Web and finds
the best coupons for whatever it is
you're buying and it will apply it
immediately at checkout so for this
video I went to Walmart calm and I
scoured all of their dog toys to get
well honey some dog toys
at checkout I say 5% for doing literally
nothing another example would be Papa
John's I nearly spent $40 there the
other night and when I applied my honey
coupons I saved eight dollars and 68
cents I love this app it's completely
free and I mean why wouldn't you want to
save money when you're shopping so if
you're interested in getting the
extension you can click the link in my
description or you can just go to join
honey calm slash Rylan
you can have it at two clicks of a
button also my hair literally looks
today
I love being my boyfriend just keep
alive Dan all right you guys that's all
I have for this week's video oh my gosh
I just realized I never gave an official
review and that's the whole purpose of
this video so I realized that this
wasn't practical for everyday life but
it was very fun I liked the gym clothes
better than the regular clothes I found
them to fit a little bit better
but I have so much fun I hope you liked
this video good bye all right you guys
that's all I have for this week's video
I realized that I never wore shades date
night outfit so I thought I would wear
it now so you could at least see the
look I'll wear it and maybe Instagram
story my date night in it huge shout out
to honey thank you so much for
sponsoring this video you guys check it
out if you enjoyed your time here make
sure you hit that like button and
subscribe to my channel cuz I make new
videos every single Tuesday and if you
want to hang out with me in between
uploads I have listed all my social
media accounts just right over there
thank you guys so much for watching and
supporting my channel I love you very
much good
