hey guys good morning today I thought I
would try to live up to the beauty guru
that I always say that I am if you've
watched my channel for a minute you'd
know that I am horrible at makeup every
time I try to do it it turns out awful
you look like a monster
I love the idea of makeup I know nothing
about it so today I thought it'd be a
great idea to learn a simple man glam
look from sister James Charles and I was
going through his channel but everything
seemed very aggressive for a beginner
like me so I did settle on this look
that seems doable and affordable I just
bought a car so you girls out of budget
thankfully sister put an ingredient list
in the description of his video so we're
going into CVS now to try to find
everything we need so now I got to
figure out where I can find these
products in all of this what the hell
this is already a nightmare first on the
list is foundation and there's literally
a million different options and I have
no idea what I'm looking at
and when I finally found what it is I'm
supposed to use how am I supposed to
decide on a color what okay so I decided
to go with the creamy natural I feel
like it's the closest to my face tone
I'm freaking out because I have
literally no idea what this is
and again there's so many options he
doesn't give a color so I'm gonna have
to choose my own ok literally an hour
later I finally almost have everything I
think I just need some setting powder
and I need to also find something to
apply the makeup with because I have no
brushes I feel like for a one-time
makeup look that has to be fine
this is hard alright let's go well I
just spent a hundred and twenty dollars
on makeup
thank God I chose to do the drugstore
version because if I did one of his
over-the-top looks and went to Sephora
or something I can't even imagine how
much that would have cost me but I'm
starting to think being beautiful isn't
worth it so I thought if I'm gonna
become James Charles or at least do his
makeup routine I needed to order a pink
kitty drink a tea pink a Dietrich god√≠s
for some inspiration
could I get a pink kitty drinking a pink
kitty chickadees yeah okay I get grande
I mean she knew what I was talking about
for sure
thank you okay here we go
first sip of our pink kitty drinkin e
this is weird cuz it's semi sweet and
semi sour but also delicious I'm not
gonna lie I'm kind of into it I wonder
how much sugar is in this thing what
you're doing are you just might crack
okay so I've got all of my ingredients
has I've shaved and I showered I have my
products laid out nicely and the
inspiration looks staring me in the face
by scissors so I actually haven't seen
any of this video yet hi sisters James
Charles here and welcome back to my
youtube channel hi sisters Ryland Adams
here and welcome back to my youtube
channel they ask you are you just going
to say that you're fine so for today's
to do I sat down and we're gonna go way
back just walk quick and easy makeup
tutorial hard sure other so for those of
you who are on a budget I feel you girl
makeup can be super expensive when I was
in school yeah I spent a hundred and
twenty dollars on your cheap makeup look
bog for foundation today I'm gonna use
the brand new covergirl how the elixir
foundation and I'm gonna mix the shades
725 and 745 watch my skin it using my
damaged Beauty Blender this foundation
is definitely am light to medium
coverage foundation it is definitely not
full coverage glam you can see my faith
today reason the Maybelline fit me come
here too fast
oh my god there's so much of a face Oh
garnet iRiver I literally do not know
what I'm doing
okay so so far it doesn't look great I
also don't know if you're supposed to go
over the brow oh my god I look like a
crazy person
oh no what if I got the wrong shade okay
maybe the more I blend the better it
looks also how much are you supposed to
put on ooh
and what about the hairline it's a
drastic difference when I'm looking in
the mirror that I'm working in do I look
crazy I guess this is kind of what he
looks like right now to else we don't
have anybody to impress girl this took
me 10 minutes and you're saying the
entire look is supposed to take that
long chicken see my face today I'm using
the Maybelline fit me concealer in the
shade of light there's one thing that we
do definitely wanna focus on it is
probably gonna be concealer just
actually really hide any blemishes or
under-eye bags
I've never used I literally think that
this had been opened before the sticker
was broken he did his under eyes and
once again just have my Beauty Blender
and I'm gonna pounce it into place I'm
just gonna grab a little bit of powder
really lightly on my are 13 brush from
morphe and just set my under eyes in
place that understand look at my are
zero brush once again from
motherfucker's going too fast oh my god
nobody can keep up with this I can't
even get my spiking powder open what is
this trash food CVS
officially hate being a beauty guru okay
so I think I finally figured out how to
use this powder but I honestly think
that by now my eyes are probably already
set or dry do you even know if it's
working maybe I'm using the wrong kind
of brush well hopefully it worked
I know Murphy's obviously not a
drugstore brand that is sold in like CVS
or Walgreens or anything but their
products are super super cheap compared
to a lot of their competitors and they
are very very good as well and you guys
know you can use KO jinx or ten percent
off all their products
this bitch is trying to sell me brushes
after I went out and bought a hundred
and twenty dollar makeup and bronze
today I'm gonna go with my NYX highlight
and contour palette and my morphe emma
final 9 brush okay see how he actually
applies this lightly bronzer contour
face because let's be real we definitely
know how time to do both wait what
I think the stuff that I got great this
does say it's a contour kit but I don't
know how to use it I'm four steps behind
at this point trying to catch up with no
idea how we're moving on to the elf
blush palette that he was just using I
actually dig the packaging of this for a
drugstore brand not that I know what a
fancy brand entails
okay now I can actually see color being
placed onto my face maybe too much color
 let's see what he does next
me oh my god mimimi mimimi mimimi
okay so next James is doing the brows I
literally looked for 45 minutes to try
to find the same brow brush and now
while I'm watching the video he said
that benefit is a non drugstore item and
for this time actually been using a nut
judge-sir pot and he's using it because
this Vegas sponsor by benefit
I am teaming up with Benefit Cosmetics
while my favorite brands in the entire
world if you're interested in the
benefit bra search and you want to be on
hashtag team sisters I literally don't
know how to do a brow so next is the
liner I'm using the exact same thing he
is in his video within and hugging the
lash line up very very tightly I'm not
gonna be doing a dramatic wing today and
I'm also not gonna be wearing falsies
this is just gonna help out a little bit
more volume to a lot as when it comes to
adding mascara just a super super simple
I guess I'm just gonna go for it oh my
god can you see this it just dripped on
mine fitting I hate makeup I don't know
how to redo one little patch I don't
know how you do this with the other hand
because I'm left-handed so oh no oh my
god do you see what I just did okay so
he did say that he's not putting on
lashes thank God but we still have to
figure out how to make the lashes that
we already have pretty L'Oreal
voluminous lush paradise oh my god I
actually really like how this mascara
applies once again he's not really
telling me how to use the product so I
might just be the dumb girl in the room
maybe this is something literally
everyone already knows how to do
I got it on my nose are you kidding me
oh my god I look bad
I thought makeup supposed to make you
look good so now I'm going in with the
highlighter that James has suggested I'm
going over the places on his face that I
saw him do this he says that
highlighters the most important part of
this entire look never underestimate the
power of a good glow sisters so I'm
hoping that this helps me look sickening
BAM as of right now I'm not really
seeing the highlight coming through
maybe you are on camera I'm not sure
oh god now I went too heavy on the
highlighter let's find out how to do
lips and then last but not least for the
lipid you do does today I'm gonna go to
these soft matte lip cream from NYX in
the shade London I definitely feel like
I got too pink of a shade for a man
makeup look I'm not saying that Pink's
only a woman color but I really was
going for like an everyday male makeup
look let me go figure out how to do a
brow and I'll be back okay so I tried to
learn how to do my eyebrows then I
watched this girl do hers effortlessly
and they looked flawless however when I
tried to recreate the look it obviously
tanked that's what finally not least to
set our face in place there are eight
hours of hell sorry again I mean school
I'm gonna grab my morphe prep ins that
setting spray and I'm just gonna express
my entire face I've literally always
wanted to do this
all right sisters with that I do believe
my makeup is done I'm going to do a
modeling montage now okay so I'm
upstairs packing because we're leaving
to San Francisco tonight but I just
heard Shane get home so um let's go get
his reaction Shane are you ready for the
big reveal
oh so today while you were gone I did an
everyday sisters James Charles makeup
look no I think I did okay I mean
there's some definite faulty areas are
you coming I'm scared you're just
standing there waiting I don't know what
this is gonna be it's just a makeup look
maybe you should have a ring light in
front of you you're not doing his voice
very well
- Thurs that sound like another hi
sisters oh okay just look at my face
like you have a dick in your pocket
ready one two three
what okay first of all am I allowed to
critique yeah great
so it's so wrong you can see the skin
like the changing color from your head
to your skin I feel like it's the
closest to my face tone were you crying
there's like cry marks no okay the guys
aware that there's no highlight no there
is a highlight it just sucked it was
drugs enough no being a makeup artist is
hard have you ever tried genuinely
suggests I'm a guru
no this is so hard and the hairline was
really hard there's makeup on your shirt
I know if there's makeup everywhere you
know what Tina always does makeup on
- so it's huh no I think you look really
really not like well but ain't for
effort right if I put on a wig you to F
me if F stands for forget that's me no
I'm just kidding but you look scary
don't touch me wasn't lipstick no no I
think I look great doing a legitimate
makeup look was genuinely so much harder
than I had ever expected after today I
honestly have such a newfound
appreciation for the artistry that these
beauty gurus literally use on their face
daily looking at myself now I feel like
I did a better job than I thought
- these eyes those are wrecked however I
don't think I'll be doing this again in
the near future I feel like I did waste
a hundred and twenty dollars but the
experience was well worth it alright you
guys that's all I have for this week's
video if you enjoyed your time here make
sure you hit that like button and
subscribe because I make new videos
every single Tuesday if you want to hang
out with me in between videos I've
posted all of my social media accounts
just right over here thank you guys so
much for watching and supporting my
channel I'll love you very much good
