hey you guys good boarding I'm a little
bit nervous today cuz I might be doing
something a little stupid this would be
stupid Shane you're still abusing Tyler
what's smarter is back we can't afford
this Jake Club would buy me one oh my
god is this a shame video oh god no I
don't have that kind of money Shane come
on you've been surprising everyone else
with your cars I'm starting to feel like
I should get a surprise I deserve one
nobody deserves that gee why didn't the
number one comment the number one tweet
everything I've been seeing for the last
couple weeks is that I have to get
Ryland a G Wagon I'm not gonna do it
what are you talking about that people
have spoken
do you really want me to get you and you
I gotta like imagine that I mean yes but
also know I would feel bad that cars way
too expensive for you to just give to me
I will tell you though I did D and the G
Wagen and they said this hi Shane thank
you for your inquiry unfortunately our
ambassador roster is currently full
however reach back in 2019 wait what
does that mean that they giving people
cars before I try and get that started
between y'all but you smack that bitch
okay well I guess the only option that
is for me to start a patreon people that
just Google your new that's for free
what Shane no I don't know I just can't
justify spending that kind of money on
something like a car you know me right I
never spend money on things so like I'm
not very materialistic clearly don't
spit out but it's your dream car it's my
dream car I just can't afford it right
now but I feel I have mortgages I take
care of my family I have employees I
have an office I have overhead like I
can't just go throw some money on a G
Wagon that's why I Drive my shitty s
Jeep but soon hopefully once YouTube ads
kick back in I'll be able to but you're
young you don't have any bills like all
and like we could all die tomorrow if I
were you I would get it I wouldn't even
think about it Beach after visiting so
many dealerships I always walk away cuz
I'm so nervous
listen this is all there
first world problems obviously I
personally in my life can't justify
spending that much money on a car this
is so what you're telling me to get one
I love it if I was making good money and
I didn't have a million bills no but do
it because we go fucking die tomorrow
just do it please I want to write it do
you oh my god just imagine me just
bragging in the Jeep I'm gonna make my
life all around town it's fucking eating
out the window being like you wish you a
minute huh I can't just a joke so it's
the next day and my sister's here from
Colorado what an entrance we were in the
neighborhood of the Mercedes dealership
so I know I'm obsessed with getting a G
Wagon no I'm getting a G Wagon and he's
obsessed with stealing my present I did
want to show her the car that I kind of
really decided that I liked and see if I
could get her opinion what's the most
money you've ever spent on a car well
when I crashed my 2006 bump in Ford
Fusion I had to put $1,000 on a credit
card which I haven't paid off yet when
I've crashed it so I'm gonna see if I
can find the same salesman who I've
walked out on multiple times at this
point to see if he'll show me the car
that I think is really pretty I mean
there's no way I can buy a G Wagon but I
do still want to look you know do they
have a white one I don't know my hands
in the glass this is the exact color I
want the matte black oh okay we got to
see if we can find his name's Arthur I
loved him yeah I remember his desk was
this way there he is
I've spotted him what's up you guys this
is Arthur he's who was helping us before
this is my sister she's in town I wanted
to show off she wagons to her and maybe
maybe this time I'll think about buying
one
definitely not but maybe that's a
parolee way that's too much of a
statement for me this one's mine that
one's mom's so now the cars are gonna be
right in there oh my god Morgan are you
ready to come I love my driveway this is
insane how many G wagons do you have in
stock this is about 40 Oh
so so I'm in the market for matte black
or white and black what do you think I
think you should get one so that when I
win the lottery or marry Josh Peggy we
can match you said that you had one more
that you say for me that was the perfect
color this one's a perfect you brought
this one downstairs for big for you my
god it's honestly the most beautiful
thing I've ever seen I I don't even
think I could sit in it I'm gonna cry
I realize that beautiful thing I've ever
seen and I look at myself every day
Wow
here's the key what are you gonna name
him is it a he comes with an iPad oh my
gosh
everything about it is pretty so what do
you think I mean it's beautiful I'm
gonna need a second to process my
intention is never to leave with one but
I'm sorry I didn't think like I can't
just keep coming every week I'm gonna
have to get one eventually I don't know
let me walk around the lot for a minute
or you can just do this one instead this
is more my aesthetic okay well while I
think about it and to make sure a G
Wagen is the right car for me I think we
should probably test drive something
else too right nothing in this parking
lot just makes you go like that G Wagen
does you know okay that's not even
people see you on the side of the street
they're gonna be like I'm having him
bring down a sports car just to test
okay Arthur what you bring down for me
20:18 c300 what's the price point
compared to the G wagons it's less than
so it's more in my budget I don't know
let's test driver didn't think about it
less it's half let's get it let's get it
this car it's so small what happens if
your test driving a car and you crash it
this is nice but again it's not
comparable to the G way I definitely
don't feel like the king of the road
like I do in the G Wagon I feel like the
King rode well driving that car
definitely solidified me still wanting
the G Wagen my heart just sat on a G why
should I spend an abundance of money you
might as well just spend a little more
the greatest thing on me well if I don't
get them like so I've told Arthur that I
am interested I guess what's next for me
is seeing if I can get approved more
good tonight I'm actually gonna pee my I
mean it's very likely that I might
here's my other justification I'm gonna
call some brands that I've previously
worked for in the past see if I can get
a sponsor for this video yeah I can
successfully do that I'll feel like it's
meant to be but my stomach is honestly
in my ass because I'm so stressed I
think you should do it mainly because
what really sold me is that this Duggars
ship has free candy he's coming back I'm
Chuck so I guess we're good to go
wait what forget to go you're approved
I'm gonna go to the finance and I'm
going to take the car you're not decided
that I'm getting the car hold on I think
I might do it because here's the thing
Dollar Shave Club who sponsored Shane's
video of getting his hater a car agreed
to sponsor my video and in no world is
it going to pay for the car but it does
help they like makes me feel a little
better
I think this is actually happening okay
so after like four hours of big at this
freakin dealership it's finally done
Arthur just got the car cleaned and
details and beautified for us fucking
shucks I'm actually should be okay
I'm the Shiki fucking cookie it's
covered sinan what do you think Shane's
gonna say he's gonna be like
she's so beautiful and so clean do you
think is this real oh my god and it
smells so good Arthur you're my hero
thank you very much you got it I can't
believe you convinced me to get this car
this is part your fault oh my god we're
getting in the car for the very first
time and it's mine this is marvelous
darling this bad boy listen to the
engine take a second I cannot believe
this is happening this honestly does not
feel real I feel like this is a movie
moment for me okay so we just got to the
office and I'm freaking out because I
haven't said anything to Shane yeah I
told him I was coming to pick him up but
he doesn't know we're in a new car
nobody ever surprises Shane either Shane
is the surprise I'm freaking out hello
hey um we're out front okay okay
what's wrong oh nothing okay I'll be I'm
just second okay like what's going I'm
not good at keeping secrets
Oh me either I guess we should get out
and like get his reaction oh my god
Shane
hi I'm on I might have done something
bad person
what okay so I got a surprise I hate
surprises
alright oh shut up
I did it why I did it oh my oh just now
Morgan and I were at the mall you were
working oh my god no it was more than I
ever want to admit that I spent on a car
I love you I mean I do you are you
really not gonna tell me how much this
was did you tell her did she know well I
mean she saw the sticker prices she was
there with what did you think when you
saw that sticker I just swipe well we
have to go through a drive-thru to show
everybody how bougie we upload you
haven't tried to talk about price will
hook me up with the cheese today I
already accepted that I am the way I am
here's the front although those are
messy look I'm messy they are well show
them the fries they want to see they've
seen them No show them a job trust me
they see my fingers on your seat later
Oh get the one down at the bottom you
don't know everything you talk a girl
tastes the same
no while we're here and eating Taco Bell
I think we all need to come to a
conclusion on my new cars name what was
your mini coops name Rachel
her name was Rachel we're gonna miss her
a lot I say your car's name is something
big and like scary but also like sweet
and cute and friendly no he's cute I
mean it looks good from every angle and
that makes him the worst Josh stop
trying to fall in love with Josh peg Oh
Josh I'm holding in a fart daddy
Big Daddy and well no we call each other
dog dad I like just daddy does it have
to be daddy something
daddy - daddy Gigi oh my god brilliant
ok guys so we just got home I've
gathered this squad and that's because
it's time for Dollar Shave Club
sponsorship have you ever done a
sponsorship before no never but you guys
know how this works
I've done it before Dollar Shave Club is
honestly the best I use it all the time
and it's not just for boys it's also for
you women you ladies up there here's the
team you guys the starter set is only
five dollars a month for new members it
has all of these cute fancy things it
has the shave butter it has the body
wash and is awesome one wipe Charlies
that you wipe your butt with there
honestly everything and of course the
executive razor which we're gonna shave
your mustache are you really gonna do
that you're gonna do it to her while I
feel
now is good by the way I'm not just
saying that cuz this is a sponsor video
and I hope to get a G Wagen by is that
razor on my shoulders every day I'm a
girl okay first we're gonna put some
shaved butter on that upper lip oh my
god it smells so good okay here we go
I'm scared wow it feels good right it's
just my god you know a lot of hair on
your lip
that's the executive razor at work like
God know the hair could you see that in
real life yeah do you shave your face no
I don't shave my well you do know the
cartridges are also replaceable for just
a couple of bucks a month which is
beautiful and all these products are
genuinely amazing they're calm / riling
to get you out today it's in the
description section but yeah of course
you have any long oh it's great but wait
till you try one of these on yourself
but far too far all right you guys one
more time in case you missed it that is
dollarshaveclub.com / r eyelid show them
some support if you can because they
helped make my dreams and become things
my g-wagen my brand new g is sitting
right there if you enjoyed your time
here make sure you hit that like button
and subscribe because I make new videos
every single Tuesday and be sure you're
also subscribed to my sister and Shane
as well and if you want to hang out with
me in between uploads I have listed all
of my social media accounts just right
over there thank you so much for
watching and supporting my channel I
love you very much good
