hey guys good morning so today I want to
talk about paparazzi and that's because
I've been infatuated with that lifestyle
for as long as I can remember and I know
that a lot of you could say yes they're
too invasive and they break privacy
boundaries far too often I'm not
disagreeing with that but on the other
side of that I would also say that about
80% of entertainment news is based off
of the photos that these paparazzi are
taking it's also interesting that many
celebrities have been known to
physically call the paparazzi on
themselves I'm not speaking for everyone
I know it's a specific type of person
that does that that wants to be at the
forefront of media but regardless they
do it and I'm not sure when the novelty
of being paparazzi wears off because I'm
sure that some of these stars that used
to call the paparazzi on themselves now
publicly speak about how they hate the
paparazzi anyway so I'm talking about
all of this now because one channel
specifically keeps being recommended to
me on YouTube and that's Hollywood fix
and it's this dude that follows
celebrities around and just ask them
candid questions it's kind of like TMZ
style but recently he's been doing a lot
of youtubers he's talked to logan paul
tessa brooks Tyler Oakley Troye Sivan
the list goes on and on so I am doing
this video today because I want to see
if I could get this guy to paparazzi me
and not because I just want to be
paparazzi although I kind of am living
for the experience but I do want to flip
the script on this guy I want to find
out what his day to day is like I want
to find out which celebrities are DMing
him their location to be paparazzi so
it's a little bit later and I literally
contacted him on every single social
media platform out there I said hey I'm
a youtuber and I'm trying to do a video
where I get paparazzi it's just for the
experience i vlog before and after and
cut to a clip of me being paparazzi from
your channel so I sent him that on
Instagram Twitter and I found his email
address so I guess I'm just gonna
anxiously await his reply alright you
guys so it's about two hours later and
I've been freaking out thinking that I
was rejected I even started planning new
video ideas but he finally
me back he said hi Ryland nice to meet
you
we mainly shoot in West Hollywood in
Beverly Hills during the daytime if
you're out and about let us know so girl
you know that I hit him up he actually
gave me his phone number so I slid into
the text messages and I said yo baby boy
he gave me a location and a time and I
guess tomorrow at 11:30 a.m. I would be
paparazzi for the very first time oh my
god alright you guys the next morning
and the big day and I've enlisted Trisha
Paige has to be paparazzi alongside me
because not only do I think she's iconic
but I think I saw her being paparazzi
just last week so this is all happening
in a little over an hour so I gotta go
get ready I normally dress like this
which is not very cute so I'm actually
gonna try to get ready today maybe look
like a fuck-boy or something I don't
know J I'm moments away from being
paparazzi for the first time do you
think I look good wake up who's that me
can you show me my wow it's not yoga
pants and a dirty shirt no do you think
they're gonna love me who the people
that watch paparazzi videos I'm the only
paparazzi videos i watch are tessa
brooks anything that you're working on
new in in 2018 I'm so nervous I've never
done something like this before
I thought you got paparazzi last week so
you yeah variance it before yeah like
legit though I don't know if it was like
it was so queer cuz I look terrible
people thought it planet that's like
this time I was a little kid or
something
it's crazy they're always after oh
that's what I thought about this I was
like I have to bring treasure
who is like extra enough that would do
this with me I'm too nervous to do it
really yeah oh my god if I like if a
paparazzi just started paparazzi egg me
I'd freak out I'm in the Chi I'm so
happy this is the best day ever
well I'm trying going down and everyone
else is rising to the top like the cream
boy you guys go subscribe to church oh
he texted me saying he's almost here so
shit do ever get like get out of the car
and like I think we should try to go out
of the coffee shop so we like get into
the pinkies okay so I was thinking about
it I think we should have a gag okay
okay what's the gag well we are the gag
but I'm thinking like in the video like
what he's asking us questions we should
have like a bit like maybe we're like
announcing our relationship or like Oh
like you're cheating why don't have a
friend of mine set up a paparazzi shot
and they said to a person myself I
brought sunglasses for you but he said
take them off so they could see your
face oh really
yeah what kind of sunglasses did you
bring also this bougie back I live
Versace
I was making money on YouTube Gucci ones
for you oh my god this is probably more
than my monthly and guy I mean that's
thing that'll work maybe we should just
be holding I love that I'm for any day
I'm done for anything let's just say
like we're thinking about dating or
something I go for whoever has the views
at the moment no but if we can make a
viral paparazzi oh my god oh we're
Island Adams leaving shame we could like
suggest a title day like you're straight
like I'm Meryl okay like I just that's
funny that's funny I feel like you
should do you think it
she know we're like fucking with him
them I think we should be serious about
it
all right I'm into it coffee shop are
you much yeah I'm your fault well yeah
my cameras in my backpack you're talking
at me for building up my boat but he is
waiting outside under it I'm terrified
and we're both nervous I don't know what
to do
no next thing you see will probably be
the paparazzi video it was so violent
how's it going today bro you doing all
right
what do you been up to lately ok what do
you been up to lately what you guys been
working on I mean we've been hanging out
a lot we're kind of hanging out more and
more ok cool cool
amen I heard a rumor that you were like
trying to adopt a baby and he wanted to
name it like Tyler Oakley or something
what's up with that
the name was inspired by Tyler Oakley I
saw that you are ok ok are you guys
friends or what was the inspiration by
one to get a baby named Tyler Oakley so
you did a beauty to Pierre Dion Daniel
Bohr goalie and it was pretty crazy do
you have like any beef with her were you
like making fun of her it's good see you
guys today low-key about it though don't
okay I like your Elton John glasses
thank you very very cool they're very
nice I like those cool good scene you
guys take care I'll be going okay just
got back in the car and this paparazzi
taking photos of us but acting like he's
not now it's definitely for you they're
like Oh Trish g-wagon I swear no I
honestly do because I do paparazzi quite
a bit I think it's like the car you
think you're like oh she has that pink
car she's someone ya know
I think that is it it's so weird look at
him just at the camera down all low key
also I'm feeling so weird about the
paparazzi experience that we haven't
talked about no you should feel where it
goes IP works I make really ocular jokes
and people on my channel get it but I
feel like it was all the Logan Paul
stuff going on that I'm like oh maybe I
should have I like I say mean joke I
don't know who I am well I was not
expecting him to ask about Logan I don't
know why but I think the Logan situation
was fine Tyler Oakley I do not hate you
I don't know why I just say Sepp for
shock value to people I don't know oh my
god I know I'm nervous about you I don't
really care cuz I'm so used to just
being a black sheep but Rylan's clean
will someone on the up-and-up and I'm
like oh no I everyone is in it I know I
know I need you to ruin my image but I
do feel guilty I'm like oh my god I feel
like dirty now that I said like things
about other people I did not want to
talk about anyone yeah I mean I was
definitely nervous it's not something
that I would like to have happen to me
frequently or I think I'd be fine with
not having it happening they're trying
to find me like I don't know I get
paranoid I'm paranoid now photos are
fine I don't think I'll talk to anybody
in the future though I just keep my
mouth shut and wave even though I'm the
one that called this guy but you live
and you learn
now he's great rather than actually
really good I was a mess as always no
but I do feel like I get why celebrities
don't like it but I I don't get why
people would call just for attention
this guy's like wait you take her
picture like he's Lynch it just has his
camera like ready the day where I let
Heather down okay so it's the next
morning and that was such a crazy
experience but if you do want to see the
full video you could go over to the
Hollywood fix here on YouTube he was
honestly very nice to us and his videos
are captivating the only bummer is that
he wasn't really interested in letting
me follow him around as he worked and he
didn't really want to answer any of my
questions about like who calls him to be
paparazzi but I totally get it cuz that
is his job and that's how he works but
after all of that happened obviously I
was with Trisha who has a pink g-wagen
so I had to drive it also I haven't
a moment to really appreciate the G yeah
yeah well I don't know maybe I can
test-drive this one if I love it oh my
god you have a vlog stand okay guys it's
happening my god there's just so much
cocaine or okay it's been a lot I think
this is the most extra I've ever been
with somebody and I can't blame it with
you because you're so like you're like
conservative low-key oh my god get you
driving I'll be the commentator in the
back it's your at your moment I can't
believe that I'm riding in a g-way okay
so I test for one don't tell Shane I
test drove one and it didn't feel as
good as yours
really yeah yours is like maybe it's
just cuz it's big do you ever feel like
you're just driving a tank though yeah
and I like it cuz I feel like I could
just run over everybody you know what I
mean we can't get a good Instagram pic
today yeah that's what we've been trying
to do for literally half an hour and
then violence ended when we were
standing outside he's like it looks like
we're getting asked to get paparazzi
like we're just waiting for someone to
notice us
yeah I was like we got all dressed up
just to bag I mean this one was more
planned but then we had some unplanned
ones I was that was crazy I hope we can
find those photos of that one guy at the
end guys those were actual paparazzi
pictures of us just like coming out I
mean I'm just driving around to try to
find an Instagram location
she then insisted that I take it with me
all weekend
so here it is it's with me today and
I've been having so much fun driving her
G video if you enjoyed your time here
make sure you hit that like button and
subscribe to my channel cuz I make new
videos every single Tuesday and if you'd
be interested in me following around a
paparazzi for a day to see how they work
let me know in the comments below also
please make sure you're subscribed to
Trish I could not believe that she
wanted to be in one of my videos I had
so much fun with her and if you're
watching I love you so much if you want
to upload I've listed all my social
media accounts just right over there
thank you guys so much for watching and
supporting my channel I love you very
much good
