now that we talked about how we could
potentially have a child I wanted to
find out if we're ready so I got us a
baby simulator it's the next day and our
baby has arrived Wow I love birthing
crime are you ready to meet our new
child is this really it's a baby
simulator but technically yes oh my gosh
it was precious
he's my current mood a bag over my head
and over it is he I'm ready to have kids
shame that babies like nah I ain't ready
to have a dad yet oh my god beautiful I
think we should name him Tyler Oakley oh
my looks so real he's beautiful
do you love me baby I'm afraid to answer
cuz he is judging this shit out of me
right now alright how do you work this
thing uh I don't know yet but he does
have a big battery pack ooh
tamper abuse oh my god or a love battery
uh this is a lot of work I don't want to
be a dad anymore
didn't come with a battery I'm gonna be
pissed no we are not taking batteries
out of the TV remote I need that I need
TV more than any baby I guess being a
father's canceled here just let cheeto
play with them
you know your brother Tyler win Cheetos
a better dad than me we got our coffee
bean we got our newborn son named Tyler
the whole family's here different coffee
no Shane he's a child
I was drinking fireball when I was a
baby I'm not gonna lie I kind of feel
like a natural daddy already and I have
daddy issues so this is perfect
hey guys so it's the next morning and
yesterday I actually gave up on being a
dad because our baby required batteries
and I wasn't expecting that but it
actually worked out perfect because now
today I can spend a full 24 hours with
my child we're actually filming a video
for Shane's channel today so we'll find
out what it's like having a child while
being a working dad Shane are you ready
to be a dad what
I don't think children are allowed to
have that he's tired he needs caffeine
Shane it's okay we already drink a whole
bottle of ranch earlier
okay well I'll leave you guys to it so
that the freezer is hot Shane stop it oh
my god oh this is a real test to see if
we can be dads this is really how I
would do it hey Gary
yes Shane and I are daddies no I won't
know like we're really our new child
very good my name's Tyler oh my god it
looks suspicious is any harder than
Benjamin you're ugly baby no he's a
constant V when she sorry like when she
left you on red you know what I mean you
see his face isn't that funny what what
is that face everyone in the comments
here do a meme when you say what do you
want to eat and she says whatever the
real question is will you babysit if
Shane and I ever have a real kid yes
only if we can watch Kill Bill Vol two
together when he's older Oh carrots
inspecting the child
I'm just watch wait I haven't looked you
haven't done the way to reveal no oh my
god it's that okay on the Internet
it's a curiosity we have to find out all
sensory yeah wait wheel if it's a boy or
girl right could be a really ugly girl
baby that's root all genders okay I love
that are we gonna circumcise our child
Shane that's another video oh my god he
hasn't asked you oh I wasn't expecting
big balls dad oh man have seen worse
that's true why does he have an actual
butthole with skin why did I hemorrhoid
he is
oh my gosh you've got my child so dirty
this was like me as a kid and currently
it's not really bad I'm starting to feel
like the true la yoga mom I've always
dreamed about being if he's a real la
baby you'd give him a little bit of
coffee
thank you are literally trying to kill
my baby all day Gary truth
okay so change currently buying a jeep
or his hater but I found out that
there's a playroom so we're gonna take
baby Tyler come on come on into slavery
kid oh this looks like kind of a sad
player when did he come on the plate I
honestly don't know how to make him stop
crying
he's mad so he can get a real job
wait you don't think YouTube is a
suitable job I don't remember I was
gonna be a family's longer okay so I'm
actually thinking if I ever want to be a
dad it's like only if I had a full-time
nanny Garrett would you take our kid
I don't know this is kind of a lot of
work now that I'm thinking about it I
can barely do it to Animas Shane could
you be a working dad oh my god I can't
have a child with you if that's what
you're gonna do you're gonna treat our
child like you treat our animals no I'll
buy him a car when he's 16 okay well you
got to stop him crying now Shane okay so
buying a car takes a surprising amount
of time so Tyler and I volunteered to go
get everybody some Chipotle I love
spending quality time with my son okay
Tyler I haven't got your car seat just
yet but I think for today this will be
fine perfect I got back inside the car
from Chipotle and realized that I forgot
to bring in baby Tyler which means he's
been sitting in the hundred-degree car
for about 12 minutes if it were my real
child it would have been hard to forget
him since he's a baby doll it seems a
little bit easier just to like misplace
and forget anyways I got everybody lunch
forgot Tyler's lunch and we're gonna go
eat I think you're cuter with a baby
Shane
right you guys they ask you how you are
you just have to say that you're fine
when you're not really fine you just
can't get into it because they would
never understand
okay so Shane and I are at his mom's
house with our baby what do you think
she's gonna say she's he mean mad that
it's not real wait you think she's ready
for a grandchild
are you kidding me she can't wait to
make it fat let's just go bombard we
gonna pretend like it's real yeah do we
need like a blanket or something it just
hold a baby like that I think this is
fine okay let's find something to wrap
it okay Teresa wait stay there oh my god
we have a surprise for you yeah it's
fucking headed
okay I like that
if that baby's real I am so excited it's
super real are you gonna get a baby get
a baby yeah we're going to target right
after this that's a toy he loves you
already worse all babies love me what
are you thinking about being a dad you
haven't said much you're buying a car I
was busy
is that how you're gonna be when we're
parents busy buying the kids cars yeah
probably I take care of the kid and you
buy them nice things yeah no I'll feed
them I feed the animals I'll buy them
Taco Bell and I'm there no they're gonna
be healthy children Oh oh my god you are
so happy I'm gonna be in heaven when
this happens well what happens when they
cry well first you have to make sure are
they hungry did they did they potty
their diaper and if they didn't then you
just hold them and make them feel who's
mom eat you oh my gosh like that what do
you do well I'm up like this and then I
paddle and then you just kind of do this
because they probably have a little gas
like forever
oh my god so I would just hold hold it
until you went to sleep
is it not gonna stop I mean you have to
feed it or something what it's hard yeah
like I'm sorry so here's the keys Shane
you have to determine what's wrong with
it like see it says like burped
attention these are all my new book
titles huh panic Oh in his back I think
he wants food oh my god
mind is he wanted food wait ask it a
question
um do you love me more than Shane do you
like grandma more than your dad's I
literally can't find out what's wrong
with him
Theresa was saying maybe I should hurt
him because he had just beat in but
that's not working he probably needs a
diaper change I'm a good dad I know he
means he just ate he needs to shed as
long as he carves out time for his baby
Tyler Wow I'm a better dad than you
Shane I'm impressed
thank you I would literally have him
face down trying to make me suffer
finally carry this around for a day
really makes me think like we might be
able to do this oh do you think so baby
you can tell you've had children before
because this dresses me out and you're
such a natural it's all I'm gonna think
about Milan I mean it looks so real
and it just makes my heart melt and now
I'm all like all I'm gonna think about
is I'm grandi
I'll be the best grandma Jane I've never
seen these photos that's you that's me
doesn't that make you want to have one
no that makes me sad for him and I'm
like oh god Shane
yes no you're so adorable there
Asterix of fat not yet that was before
you were a fat kid oh my god I literally
thought he meant have fat now and I was
true I saw your mind like I was gonna
need you to put a sorry chip in my back
I mean honestly yes do you have advice
for us because you have three kids that
you raised you just have to be prepared
that it's a lot with the baby so if you
just kind of prepare yourself that it's
a lot of work and you don't get a lot of
sleep and it's a difficult time but it's
worth it but before you know it you're
like who's standing up around stuff and
they're adorable
and you just have to know it's gonna be
tougher first I love bringing my baby to
eat with me oh my god it's so cute
also Jordan and Bobby are here do you
want a kid of your own that's not part
of the plan for Tyler and I do live
Cesar sure when you can then for my
ability Tyler here could I get chicken
tenders first Thank You Roger okay
that's great he really ordered him he's
coloring Tyler's coloring are you losing
your mind
I'm with dad all right Shane Tyler needs
to be changed
you brought this baby to the bathroom
yeah he ate a little bit and decided
that he needed to poo people are gonna
think we're crazy no Shane come on
that's why this is here yes Shane we
would break that
yeah we're over the weight limit oh
we're thank you for that okay just like
be a good dad do your thing okay here I
didn't throw that paper but you could
use this his head that's wrong oh my god
stop we can't show that I'm gonna try to
get to monitize good job dad ohh oh my
god no Shane it says his name oh my god
no a real thing in his life somebody to
baby him
start over I got him his chicken fingers
he loves ketchup come on family
oh my god I love being a blogger family
all right so now let's take your baby to
work moment with Shane we're gonna
introduce him to the office maybe you
could teach him how to do conspiracy
theories conspiracy the Israel Tyler
should give it up more videos oh my god
now he's my son
now he's your zone what is it feeling
like Tyler he's like honestly I'm really
depressed I'm overwhelmed yeah too much
editing I never so you can ask him if it
brings him to finish hey Tyler does that
play button does it make you feel famous
and rich is the rest of YouTube beneath
you all right you guys and this is the
end of our day with the baby you I just
got like a that's Oh Raven vision of us
40 years old being family vloggers I
think we're gonna cut off our vlogging
once we have a child unless they can
ramp oh my god a real bad baby with no
age so I know today didn't showcase us
as the best of parent yes it did I did
well you dropped the baby at least 20
times yeah but then I picked it up no I
did good I knew when he was sad I knew
when he was hungry I knew when he was
farty you also literally fed to him
caffeine and threw him to the ground on
multiple occasions yeah look how chilli
is fucking me goes what I've learned
from this is that we're not ready yet to
have a child but in about 5 4 years we
might be ready and also I'm a better dad
than you that's not true yes it is it
100% is no it's not you might have
better sperm and better jeans but I am a
better dad okay well you're also more
busy than I am and you have to pay
attention to a child if you have one
hustling is hard all right you guys
that's the end of our day why are you
sad we did well I was good this is not
my Lake by the way I wish it was my
little sick girl I thought we did really
good I thought I killed it I wasn't
really paying attention to you I was too
busy buying a fucking car
you remember the baby being happy why
choking it no I'm just like I also never
got it a shirt so that's another thing
anyways I hope you guys enjoyed this
video we're not gonna be parents just
yet
goodnight well you're not gonna like
what I have to say them I'm pregnant
what with the burrito bomb I'm gonna go
give birth in the bathroom see you guys
later subscribe bye alright you guys
that is all I have for this week's video
if you enjoyed your time here make sure
you hit that like button and subscribe
because I make new videos every single
week and if you want to hang out with me
in between uploads I've listed all my
social media accounts just right over
there
thank you so much for watching and
supporting my channel I'll love you very
much good
