yo hello good morning hello it's
Saturday hello good good good morning
hello it's Saturday how's it goin
everybody howdy howdy howdy whoo stop it
that's a dumb song I will quit now okay
what are you making something for my
imaginary friends but if he actually
really you have an imaginary friend
yeah what is that and it's one of those
little acorns they smash up really good
and with some apple peels yeah so you're
making this for imaginary friend and add
some water so your accordion ABC Brock
what are you doing are you also making
something that your imaginary friend oh
yeah I see you're the apple Smasher all
right what do you got a v' alright so
what I have here what is that some
shredded up pinecones with some rosemary
leaves with shredded apple slices with
me - of pine needles and a - just a -
how much is a - by the way like a little
pinch so when you get a pinch of salt
it's like a pinch of whatever I said so
a pinch is a - so is it a pinch or a -
is a pinch the same thing as a - or is
it like two pinches equals a - which was
we need to know the recipe what is it
when I did is I grabbed it big guys I
think it's two pinches equals one - and
I got three or whatever stings and put
the water in here Jackson what are you
doing I just all right
is our croutons for a salad delicious
delicious well um I'm more of a human
food at Aryan Penta guy but uh
appreciate it I'm gonna go inside and
see if my wife will make me some food
II was sub how you doing welcome to the
shade - flowers we could what a minute
we go we're making breakfast we're
cutting watermelons making egg burritos
where's my a burrito babe I'm getting
gabbed you get one
yes about what what's going on and then
we're gonna go look at the kiddies guys
huh mama your kiddies think I'm up here
so many times and so do you love them
Brock cookies do you love them I think
they love you mama
you can't get a kitty you guys this cat
right here was the meanest cat she hated
us she would never let us touch her she
was she came from right he'll never
generally look right shoots brain off
and every time you try to touch her she
would hiss at you and bite you and what
spot see you dropped oh yeah jumped and
she don't go at me she came out at Brock
like hissing like she was gonna attack
him and I had to grab you remember and
pull you out of the way yeah she was a
yeah just like that no telus she was a
vicious kitty kitty kitty kitty but now
because she had these babies she is
softened it's the craziest thing like
she let us pet her and stuff now why do
you think that is Avia why do you think
she's nice she gets me legs yeah I think
I think because she has learned
compassion she has learned how to serve
others when you're in a bad mood when
you're angry if you do kind things for
others that'll make you a kinder softer
person and I think that's what's
happened to this mama kitty
she has learned what it she did right
God tell whoops
would his she would scratch now she
likes sleeps on the stairs every night
lets us pet her like she learned how to
love we barely see her she's not tied up
pick her up rock for Brockville the
touch her like that is crazy she'll
probably hiss even still I cannot
believe she's letting you pick Europe
sit her down
Zeke she learned compassion when she had
her babies she learned how to love
oh what a story what a story of
compassion and kitties and love also
there's freakin cats everywhere this is
the first guy that was ever like just
black and white hey sleepyhead they're
cute hey sleepyhead
yeah rueful Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob
they don't seem that scared yeah hey why
do you look at me I wanna see your eyes
what don't smile that one is what's his
name blank ears
hey black ears that's a good name I like
that name don't stop stop
stay put ie it's too close let me see it
you see it your she can't see me cowboy
who wants to go huh I got a cowboy now
we're gonna watch cabin boy where's
Gavin get over there somewhere boy hey
guys we're at Costco shopping because
one second guys let me fix
okay so we're at Costco shopping yeah um
we didn't get a lot I me put that back
yeah she's in trouble anyways we're
shopping here at Costco because we like
to shop for things and spend eight
things and stuff so here out we're
shopping and we're going to the teddy
bears because tiny bars are huge and
we're never allowed to get them but
guess what we can still play with them
so that's what you do when you have the
chatty bears so why don't you spray them
now and it's so fun right right am i
different
anyways look guys those are enormous I
guess what look
they hate the best idea because if you
don't want a huge one they have like a
medium sized one but if you do want to
use one they're still a huge one anyways
your mom blog me I had a nickel your mom
blog me I think that is really cute only
two inches I can't even get back far
enough to vlog it that's cute
yes you guys this is what happens when I
come here I have a giant cart we're
getting ready for camping so we got to
get a lot of items there maybe I don't
we don't get everyday
where's Emma now well this is what all
the kids want for christmas can you
imagine having five of these in our
house
jazzy please where would we put them
downstairs in the basement we'll just
give it all the trophies yeah and look
it's being back this minute we'll have a
room for our giant teddy bears yeah a
giant teddy bear room that's what
everybody needs in their house a room
just for teddy bears whoa look at my
little kitty
Rock come over you listen you guys
you're cool right we've been together a
long time
you trust me right come on good my jump
over you guys say that Hotel nobody move
a muscle
yes you guys we just took our
relationship to another level grab your
legs around I like a bucking bronco do
you get on tight tight tight ready
goodness I don't well harder that makes
sense
can you do one on each foot oh you know
you gotta have after a nice pogo stick
outing hot crap I got it on the land
hold on
God dang now get hold your icy steel
okay
- lies
