hello guys how's it goin so check out
the mother Fox today my dad had to build
the shayloss video too and he had to
upload the shaycarl video so it's
rockstar he's earned open door by locked
it's like syllabus and so um thanks
please to watch this my dad so birds
we're doing the one taker cuz my dad had
to do to upload two of those so at least
okay so after you went either said let's
go see the friendly okay will block it
thing I did I said um you had to you had
to do two on this videos because because
alright so dinnertime at the Shaytards
we just tried to do a live stream some
of you were there yeah you want to say
hi
so hello yeah I'm really upset that we
lost it because there was this really
funny moment or there in the Google Chat
there was like multiple people and we
had John was it John who said the prayer
Oh John was gonna but then I think David
said it who said it it was so great
because like two guys were fighting over
who was gonna say the prayer you had to
have been there as one of those stories
was it John maybe tard maybe charge says
it was John but then John said he
couldn't do it anyways I was talking
about trying to get this new video up to
a hundred thousand thumbs up and klutz
like wait before we do that can we
please say a prayer cuz the food's
getting cold I said okay guys hold on I
have to say a prayer and then I said do
any of you want to say it and then this
John guy or whoever ended up saying it
is said a prayer for the family and he
asked a blessing on mommy tart and the
new baby and it was cool it was fun like
like we're at a big dinner with you guys
rocked are you doing what are you doing
laughing at laughing ah so we're having
dinner we had some delicious dogs and
burgers
Logan McKay's here
we shot at shayloss video today and and
he's been editing it I just uploaded a
video on shaycarl where we pranked son
tard okay so a lot of in the comments if
you guys have already seen the video a
lot of the comments are saying that we
need to plan a prank against Prince
estar because okay say that again what
do you want to do so you need to be
thinking of something dude take a few
days and think like the best prank you
can think of and will totally give it
you know if you want to be like a hidden
camera prank where we scarier or like
maybe you could like glue one of her
dolls to the roof or what if do what if
we got all of her dolls because she has
like 50 dolls and we got some super glue
and we glued all of their feet to the
roof so if she walked in it looked like
all of her dolls were standing on the
roof no it'll be hilarious so if you
haven't seen it yet go check out the new
shaycarl video we scared son tard me and
princess are back I gotta get her back
yeah me and uh princess tarts scared the
crap out of centaur me it's really funny
it's a hidden camera prank
Logan helped me set it up Z Kiehl's Lane
here not feeling the best poor puppies a
little sad or wondering what's the
matter with him Ken dogs have growing
pains because we took him to the bed and
they said nothing was wrong with him
well like when I touch his arms and his
legs he actually got hurts him so Kim
Great Danes he's six months old can they
have growing pains remember when you
were a kid your legs were when you're
trying to sleep at night shit growing
pains I'm wondering if he has those okay
love you guys this is today's Shaytards
vlog we'll see you tomorrow
here's a here's the thing that I was
saying during the live show if that new
prank video gets a hundred thousand
thumbs up I will shave my head and my
beard like I'm headed to the first day
of basic training in the army I will
literally get Colette's Buzz clippers or
I'll have her do it and shave my head
and shave my beard if we can get that
new video to a hundred thousand thumbs
up what do you say you guys want to do
it I will commit now to just fuzzing and
since the start does along with you
princess tears along the tip okay
delicious dinner babe I love you I love
you I loved it because what I meant to
say I always love you blood what does I
think of something more creative Matt
did you tell her you can't tell your mom
just part of the prank is on your mom at
the same time cuz you'll tell us no your
phone show them the baby real quick um I
was also we had I had a new so
tomorrow's vlog we have a lot of footage
we went to the doctor Colette had one of
her appointments for the baby five
months and they did one of those
freaking technology scans where you can
see the baby's face you want to see our
new baby totally dead what's call I
don't know it's an ultrasound a 3d
ultrasound I don't think they should
call it technologies they're better and
I made an Instagram video you guys know
the Instagram has videos now follow me
on instagram by the way hahaha seriously
follow me here's our new baby that is
him that is baby number five is inside
that still has four months to cook but
that's cool you're cooking or baby yeah
baby baby
so go check out the video I made today
showing this on Instagram a lot of
things that check out you have to check
it out because I just showed that
picture I just showed it to you now but
seriously follow me on Instagram bye
we'll see you guys tomorrow
we love you anything else to announce
100,000 thumbs up on that new shaycarl
video links right here very top link
it's right here the very top link you
don't need have to click on the show
more button it's right there click on
that 100,000 thumbs up I will shave it
all and she will be in Idaho in a week
yeah for a lot of fun vlogging and
if you want to know when somebody's
awesome birthday is that would be me on
the 29th I have a special plan for you
by the way I do what's your special plan
yes I am one to rock target say I love
you rock cars been talking so much
lately that's really crazy
okay bye I love you we'll see you guys
tomorrow can I go on the screen right
now to see princess tard
terrified the dirt out of sudden turd
she's seriously scared the crap out of
him hundred thousand thumbs up I'll
shave my head rock hard say bye say I
love you say see tomorrow
