yeah it's intimidating when kids like
this are at the skate park just makes me
feel like I'll just sit here and maybe
film for my youtube channel instead of
skateboard kid is away and then another
day at the Venice Beach skate park it's
pretty cool deal of sit here skateboard
and look at the ocean at the same time
Logie bear so then you pop shove your
face there Sun card shredding it up man
super sore I have what they call in
skateboarding swell Bo I need to get
elbow pads of that cuz like my first run
I fell I know I feel like and this kid
also is dominating everything in here
the headless Great Dane did laundry so
long and so hard that he's lost his head
poor guy could only fold so many socks
be getting some photos either tweet
those photos you know Oh what
this is embarrassing I was just sniffing
your underwear mommy talk oh yeah sorry
I'm rude hey guys I just got off the
phone with my mom and she keeps calling
like once or twice a day to ask how
Logan's doing I think she is a little
lonesome because now my parents are
empty nesters because all the kids are
out of the house Logan was the youngest
and he just graduated so he's gone so I
think my mom is like missing being a mom
so she's like is Logan okay it's my baby
okay so I said let's get on skype today
and we can hang out and then she can
actually see him I was getting on skype
because I haven't been on skype forever
you guys have Skype do you guys ever use
it and I'm trying to figure out how to
use it and they have these really cool
stories of how people have like stayed
together this dude his name's Dennis
he's from Uganda he lives in America now
hasn't been in Uganda for years well
this is his family that lives in Uganda
and I just watched this little mini
documentary that Skype actually made
this photographer named John clang he
got the Skype an actual Skype call and
projected it onto the side of a house
and had Dennis stand next to them so
this is like a real-life family portrait
even though his family's in Uganda and
he's in the States telling the story of
how this impossible family portrait came
to be so that got me thinking I thought
this is cool technology that you can be
with somebody like they're almost in the
exact same room even though there are
thousands and thousands of miles away
people from all over the world are
watching this so I thought what
geographically is the farthest spot away
from Los Angeles California if you were
literally to dig a hole straight through
Los Angeles who's on the other side
geographically speaking the farthest
person Oh
away from me in the world who watches
the Shaytards videos and I thought would
it be cool to actually Skype with that
person to be able to see like you're
literally on the mean and I know that
term literally is overused a lot today
but you are literally on the other side
of the world and we're talking right now
like we're in the exact same room I
think that would be cool so Skype is
doing this contest where you can
actually submit your own stories of how
you stay together with your family
there's like a little button here if you
go to Skype comm slash stay together you
can click on this green share your story
button and tell the story of how you
stay together with your family they have
like three of these like mini
documentaries one for instance I talked
about Dennis there's this other girl who
was a zookeeper who's still like hangs
out with the animals what she used to be
a zookeeper for so let's do that you
guys leave your stories below and let's
figure out who the farthest person away
from the Shaytards is and we're gonna
Skype with you this next week we're
gonna pick two people that we can Skype
with one who's the very farthest away
and another just who I whatever story I
like the best so let leave your stories
below of how you use Skype to stay stay
together with your friends and family
and leave your Skype username and we're
gonna surprise you you will be getting a
friend invite from me and we're gonna
Skype this next week okay so I'm gonna
call my mom right now Logan come here
who's that who's that mommy
it's tripping about her but she's on the
computer - why is she doing that how is
she doing that the technology is cool
give her kisses
your mom kisses kiss her you kiss Nemo
give mommy kisses
you have to kiss that fish but mommy
tired okay let's call my Logan come here
all right so
here we are Emily hi Carly did you see
our weight-loss shayloss video
you drew tweeted it thanks mom you want
to join the 5 week challenge me and
Logan are doing ok you got to get in
we're starting next Monday June 24th
girls say hi to Grandma
ok you guys do what grandma does that's
how grandma looks when she wakes up in
the morning you just put your nose
fingers in your nose oh you just say
you're a boogers mom ok so we are
skyping with my mom in Idaho and 3-way
calling with the kids here in the
kitchen you guys say hi he's right here
doctor come say hi to Grandma so I had a
grandma you hear that Carly Robert says
he found you Logan
smile think about this think exactly
like go back a hundred years I always
think about this like to tell pioneers
if we could like have this whole
conference like we're in the same room
together it's so crazy Skype is an
amazing thing then now look the kids are
running back and forth because they want
to be on Logan's chat what's she
laughing at now put your belly away
what's going on I'm gonna see this live
time to show them the belly the stick it
look like you're Moody and sons are like
you're putting your butt next to his
face now you're giving him a butt face
it looked really weird from in here babe
I'm just gonna say it was about it I bet
moon in the sky camera this is awesome
mom what do you think is that a good
baby bump
they just had a baby boy yeah and he was
so cute and Carly held them and I kicked
your head oh I saw that picture that she
tweeted I was wondering whose baby that
was that's Melissa and Josh's I can't
see how many of your foreheads you can
stick in the camera it's like a crazy
hold on grandma's talking to me move
move your head what what mom we're gonna
be there what do you mean oh yes we have
to work out my mom cuz we're going to
Idaho in July and she's saying if we're
gonna do the shayloss thing how are we
gonna have a fun time camping if we're
gonna be so strict with our diets we
just have to work out a lot we're gonna
go running mom we'll go every morning
we'll go on some country road runs no
you're gonna be running we're gonna be
dragging you behind the four-wheeler
yeah I smell like aftershave dude would
you hide a starburst you anyway
starboard starburst with what he had
another seizure today I think he's just
stressed he's stressed out I feel bad
for him I sent him a text I think he's
feeling better he said he's feeling
better yeah cuz it here Sen Charles your
love you know our friends Charles Trippy
CTFxC another seizure my mom was asking
about him we're just hanging out on
skype I have a great time this is fun
this is hope
I know yeah those kids that were doing
the limbo we're Scottie Pippen's kids
people are putting in the comments
hey girls talk I want to see something
wait that's so cool
it switches that see whoever's talking
so hard it goes to that video you see
grandma just laughs don't say that this
girl that I interviewed yesterday what
shows she from I don't know who she was
what Josie from Austin ally is out on
the Disney Channel yeah I was editing
the vlog and I'm like girls you know who
this girl isn't they're like dad that
what's-her-name from Austin ally yeah
she is the girl with the blue dress no I
just I really know who she was and I
felt bad because I wasn't prepared she
like just came up yeah Bobby Moynihan
that was so cool hey mom do me a favor
turn around and give Gus a kiss for me
he looks really sad see you guys right
there in the corner
no don't know that one that's Gus give
him a kiss don't get give us a kiss mom
mom kids - Gus hey it's grandpa hi dad
Gavin stick your head up more - I can
just see the top of your head you -
grandpa hey your bald spots showing ya
when you see your mug shot that's all we
used to anyways calm down then once they
had a gumball rutgard say hi to Grandpa
look he's he rocked our dad there's
Kobe's
Rock chart look there's Kobe's Kobe dog
well mom yeah he's feeling better I
don't know what it was but he he's
definitely feeling better lately yeah we
need to get him a yard that was so funny
that I just saw Roger I run out of the
room and then run by the camera in the
kitchen there's Carly's dog
he killed grandma's chicken you guys and
grandma was pissed yes go watch the news
shayloss video dad Logan edited it love
you guys bye okay oh my mother
hey even if you don't have any Skype
stories you can make one make a call
somebody I know right now you're
thinking like oh I could call that
person I haven't talked to you forever
do it check it out and then you can
submit that to the comments below we're
gonna call you guys you guys want to
call some of our viewers and talk to him
Skype we're on skype like just like we
did with Grandma you look really
confused is it sinking in it's sinking
in you guys gonna have to have a phone
number we can just do it on skype jingle
jingle all the way what's for dinner I'm
hungry we're supposed to eat food to
survive yeah
spaghetti in the pot hot mommy's looking
hot hot possibly faster cheese sorry
guys quiet down Lockhart wants us to be
silent Logan what are you looking at on
the internet did you find something bro
you find Ezekiel alright let's see okay
you guys two things one go submit your
stay together story at Skype calm slash
stay together and you could win a
$10,000 travel voucher also leave your
comments below of your stay together
story and I'm gonna pick one of them and
also if you think you're the very
furthest away from us here in Los
Angeles California leave that location I
guess we can actually figure that out if
we look at a globe we're gonna call two
of you this next week check out
yesterday's vlog click on the fill and
lucky button and see what the Shaytards
are doing one two
three and four years ago today I love
you guys
we'll see you tomorrow
