hi I'm log in here
got here skateboard Venice Beach
skateboard park chick Karl drop it in
with the easy doozy day 3 is this car
our third day dude day 3 at the Venice
Beach skate park we're trying to get
better and better and better a little
out of time and that's how you get
better at things I've crashed I tried to
drop in on this right here and I ate it
hardcore Doug McKay's with us thread and
today this hot is nice filling the sweat
going down we're in the deep deep Bowl
trying to use to these walls you know
why not get made fun of by the good
skaters Rosie Mackay is doing kick flips
son tard shredding it up in here man
having a good time
you
Staton theater - well did we shred yeah
we shred it pretty hard you got to keep
coming here dude if we came here three
times a week by the end of the summer
you'd be a rad shred bro there's nothing
like being a rad shred bro you know well
it's a beautiful day here in sunny
California and actually it's the first
beautiful day in quite a while because
here by the ocean we have what they call
June gloom and I remember when we first
moved here I was expecting like sunny
we're gonna lay out by the beach it's
gonna be awesome but all of June was
just rainy and cloudy but today it's
beautiful and I'm so happy I love it ah
bask in the glory of the Sun I already
guys think
oh boo boo are you in the hot tub it's a
sunny hot day we'll get in the cold one
huh you mean last week yeah it was
freezing it was it was so cool yeah it
was freezing cold last week because they
didn't have it turned on yet had to stop
by maker studios to get some footage for
today's vlog for the monsters University
thing Chloe let me introduce you just
some girls here market maker do I can
get you some dates dong - this is Joleen
she is headless but wanna meet gonna
meet Joleen dance with her dude Wow
dude if she had her head she'd be way
taller than you are equal footing with
Joleen let's go they're mannequins what
else do you put you use mannequin sport
put clothes on yes are you having fun
I think this favorite thing to do he
just scales the wall the whole time are
you killing a wall like spider-man
yes your us are you going to show me
your Superman move can you show us your
Superman move I'm Superman Scooby
okay we're gonna have an epic
hold-your-breath contest one take deep
breaths bacon money's gonna win Oh
under Greek Wix editor oh it looks like
you lost I'm trying to cheat for you
your clothes though you were only a
couple seconds behind him good job
baby's hard oh look at that face Oh keep
practicing you'll get better and better
okay I'm watching what good you
shouldn't over here I'll just put a
little beard on he's been going on the
hot tubs for rice five minutes keeping a
beard on his face hey Rach charge nice
beer dude that's cool you trying to look
like daddy
that's cool I need Logan's working on a
shayloss video edit huh editing away I
just got back from Maker I got all this
footage from the monsters University
blue carpet and I am going to be tied to
my desk for the rest of the day editing
this vlog it's gonna be a long one here
we go
let's get to work what are you doing
little man what are you doing you're
what are you doing in the washing
machine
by - pink pink are you peeing in the
washing machines yeah
oh you're cleaning your are you cleaning
yourself okay okay the drawer we'll be
right back okay I'll get the door
oh look it's your brother and sister
getting Russkies out of the car for me
look at you guys thanks for showing me
your muscles smoking hard or did you get
that one ago by yourself
that's heavy good job honey thank you
yeah what are you doing I do my bandage
you're doing in your what I gave my
fanny your band-aid I don't know what
language you're speaking but you're
adorable
okay bye see you later dude I'm fine in
the washing machine don't push any
buttons okay
I love you hey oh don't put it in there
no no no no okay what baby turd she goes
mom guess is this baby house on it a
bunch I wanna see the bump we're a bunch
of bubble occurs in this family who are
you a bum look up but looking at that
baby's bum of course it has a bum all
babies have bums you got half a bum bum
alright so today we're having keno and I
have to say this is very good Nick
sometimes it turned out better than
others what is Tuesday so you can call
it Taco Tuesday it's true we're having
talks again Monday is meals
and then Wednesday is something is Wow
Wednesday and then but-- wacky
saturday spaghetti and then today so
make sure you you weirdo
first watch this I can like oli Rhine
and she's so sweet baby tarnish I can
put the flashlight away I'm trying to do
this but one I did a couple times you go
like this and then oh yes keep trying
okay keep practicing and then when you
got it down let me know hey like your
dress and mesh oh my neck hurts my eyes
hurt and I'm going crazy
so I'm editing this monsters University
vlog and there was about three hours of
footage no there's almost four hours
because I started there was three hours
and 49 minutes so almost 4 hours of
footage off of three different cameras
and trying to like tell a story from all
these different camera angles because it
doesn't happen chronologically usually
in the vlogs it's like whatever we film
we wake up in the morning like I just
put it all together in a line but this
was all shot like with different cameras
at different times and I'm trying to
decide what to keep in what's boring and
at the end of the day when I'm editing
these vlogs a lot of times I think more
of posterity than what we'll do well on
YouTube I know that I fight hold on hold
on it'll quick Oh My heck what just
happened we have a real-life situation a
tooth has come out of the mouth smile oh
dude how many teeth is out for you I'd
say that let me see that
what cuspid is that you know what that
is all we have a tooth down get it the
Tooth Fairy will never find it what kind
is it
oh well that's the tooth how many teeth
have you lost now ten did you've made a
killing out those off those teeth you've
lost more than her is you loser uptight
hey there's Loki bear what's up Logie
Baird
print discard lost a tooth anyways so
while I'm editing this I think myself
man it would be better if I just cut
this quicker and made these interviews
shorter and like just like hit those
beats but I want to remember these times
or I got to like interview all these
people so I don't want to cut it out so
I'm just leaving it long I hope you guys
don't mind
Zeke's felling better that's good news
again I'm Ezekiel get him get him he
slept with you last night didn't he yeah
you sleep on your bed did he you can
kick him off dude don't let his cute
puppy ness overcome you getting big he's
six months old today he's finally hit
six months old yeah I'm not sure I think
they I think they grow to like their
year year-and-a-half yeah he still has a
lot of grown to do oh they're are doing
of boogie boarding tricks in the pool of
course and no we haven't been swimming
all day we came back to the pool
that's the benefits of having a pool in
your areas you can go in everyone oh wow
cool looks like fun are you thinking on
shower
you are the cutest the shower singer
ever studied in the booboo hey dude are
you singing in the shower you are the
cutest little things
oh no shower new shower stay over are
the kids asleep that's the best part of
the day now we have to clean up the
whole day yeah dishes not too many even
made a great dinner I didn't make
awesome quinoa quinoa delicious you know
I never turns out the same this one's
your best batch
I think it's cuz you had big tomato
chunks of anything because I used the
actual recipe I found it
we'll use that recipe it was delicious
you guys have never seen our quinoa
recipe I'll put a link below it's super
healthy and speaking of healthy Logan
and I are starting to shayloss serious
this week five days a week when I have a
challenge five videos up per week or
into a five week challenge I'm going to
show you like a before and after picture
of my belly so go right now we actually
just uploaded a vlog talking about it
you go to the shayloss channel the first
she lost video in a long time it's live
right now go check it out check it out
so the vlog finally went live and it's
1248 at night and we've just been up
commenting to as many comments as
possible go tell mommy God you fell
asleep sleepyhead poor girl she's out
we've been sitting here commenting for
the last 45 minutes and finally she
couldn't handle anymore she just
collapsed I was just reading this
comment from loves wallets it says say
good night to mommy tard please okay I
will good night sweet mommy tard
come on you ready for bed wake up so you
can go to sleep here's when I help me we
guys do me a favor and tweet every
celebrity that you saw in yesterday's
monster university blue carpet event
will you tweet them and say oh my gosh I
saw you in Shankar's vlog I'll actually
help me a lot because then if they
retweet it it helps the video we just do
that get on the Twitter do a little
tweeting for me that would be awesome
you guys listen I'll make a deal with
you if you do that I will film Logan
with his shirt off tomorrow that's a
good deal right show us abs pecs
everything all right I'm going to bed I
love you guys see you tomorrow
and muy mucho gracias for watching
another Shaytards vlog now listen I have
a bunch of videos that I want you guys
to watch because I want you to be
entertained and excited about
entertainment on youtube.com slash all
of my channels please if you haven't yet
check out yesterday's vlog we got to go
to the world premiere of monsters
University the brand-new Pixar movie we
are so close to getting that to 34,000
thumbs up I believe we can do it please
go thumbs up yesterday's vlog for the
feelin lucky button I'm gonna link to me
and Logan's brand-new shayloss video we
have a five week challenge starting this
coming Monday we want you guys to join
us and get in the best shape of your
life also Colette has a brand new video
up on her channel youtube.com slash Katy
let with her and baby tard answering
your guys's questions she is so adorable
and of course as always please check out
those videos in the middle one two three
and four years ago what were we doing a
lot of crazy stuff because we filmed it
and uploaded on YouTube love you guys
we'll see you tomorrow like always and
subscribe it's free it'll just cost you
a few laughs hahaha
that's stupid okay bye
