hi I'm login here okay
it's Father's Day this is daddy's
breakfast we're not done yet we're gonna
put the strawberries on top remember and
then we'll put like a big glass of
ice-cold water what are you guys alright
because excited yeah do you remember
your song so you're gonna sing today in
church I know one one but I don't know I
don't know any you guys come on this is
your debut this Father's Day debut
having my son you know you're gonna do
it later for the camera wait wait wait
okay
we caught him I'm not very sure what it
is that you have to wait until he opens
them to see what they're Shh hey it was
bad yeah what do you think do you guys
think that balloon is correct do you
guys have the world's best dad
number-one world's best dad actually
zeroes a hero so he's a zeroes world's
best dad that's the first one really
hear that honey you were a zero the
world's best dad it's you as a hero zero
is a hero okay cool
princess art said it means it's true hey
are you ready are you ready just ready
hey rock hard come on come on
underwear boy don't hurt come here we're
going to get that to Daddy
morning honey happy Father's Day
breakfast in bed
yeah hair biting in bed - happy Father's
Day thank you buddy
I think Father's Day just love you we
love you daddy kiss and all sad ever
given cuz I would give you oh he's just
gonna eat your breakfast for you okay
doctor using a phone in my mouth thank
you guys that looks delicious
he's like okay it's heavy just a happy
loving father day go put it on the thing
for him
here thank you I know we're gonna fix
you we're gonna fix it so I know a
couple days ago on the body I told you
guys that he wasn't feeling well well
it's been a couple days he hasn't been
eating very much or drinking very much
and he's been really love our tickets
which is not normal for him so I finally
just called and we got a vet appointment
and she said that she doesn't think it's
par well that was my worst fear is that
it would be parvo but she said she
really doesn't think it's horrible
because he's had all those shots very
recently their poor little puppies not
feeling well and Shane yesterday since
it was Malachi's birthday yesterday
happy birthday Malachi um he was a navy
Malachi's haunting Zeke it's like you
can't replace me I'm sure that's not it
how puppy we love you we're gonna find
out what's going on okay love you such a
good boy okay well it was one of those
appointments where we did not find out
exactly what it is being pinpoint what
it was but we found out a lot of things
that it wasn't so it's not part of all
it is not powerful that's good could be
some intestinal thing but their
microscope wasn't working so they
couldn't check his fecal matter I'm sure
that was TMI they're going to check that
and get back to me I need to give us
about
other than that it's either something he
ate this little bug will pass or it's
something that he swallowed and it's
stuck in his intestines and we're going
to give it a few more days to see if he
passes anything and then
to x-ray so I don't know that was
pulling a lot of TMI for you guys at
least he doesn't have cargo that's one
upgrade like that chick it's carrying
two babies there are three there are
three life forms on that we bounce the
hiccups
today yeah Colette woke me up this
morning at like 6 a.m.
CheY CheY you want to feel the baby and
I'm like yeah sure I sure do
so excited I felt like I felt five other
babies in your belly before little baby
ethic ups this morning we have stumbled
across the mummy baby here on Venice
Beach it happens a lot you go you find
syringes bums and mummy babies I think
he's awake but he's just kind of showing
up hey buddy want to come swim in oh
it's so bright
oh come forth Lazarus come to the ocean
wanna go swim no all right you stay in
there okay guys it's Austin from the
Nationals I'm taking over the show
charge channel shake the water here we
go
oh yeah you guys gonna hop in go go for
it the water's great
it's really nice hey I'm through this
for your channel your wife told me to
come fill you yeah so this is shade this
is channel oh let me oh nice yeah this
is scope Baywatch right now here you
want to do like a little slow-mo Roni
class love of shape
I'd make out no I want it over never now
Oh oh my goodness you're burying my
children and their head drive home and
they wasn't building it up try to get
out put 50 more pounds
how does it feel doesn't feel
comfortable they like a blanket just
relax
I'm not seeing any movement
pretend like you're alone on the beach
and you have to get out by yourself if
you would have nobody was here what
would you do try to breathe all your
hair in the company and let it out like
you've done this before
right yeah I've escaped from that my
parents always try to get rid of us we
always got out it's all about patience
and not panicking we got a lap dog is
that comfortable
their son tard Zeke just sits wherever
he feels comfortable which is normally
on somebody's lap he has no idea what a
large obtrusive
oh well punch him back this do puppy
don't punch him oh that's a bad
fathering on Father's Day I did some bad
fathering advice on Father's Day oh snap
okay I'm gonna tell the kids a story you
guys are here a story okay so it's
Father's Day
and I'm wearing my Captain America shirt
and my brand-new hat that I got for my
Father's Day birthday and ABC gave me
this I like it and then Rutger when he
zombies like Oh dad Captain America and
he's like oh cool dad you like my
Captain America shirt where's your
clothes again I'm not sure no you're my
son
we're closed okay and put your feet in
your face okay so the kids I don't know
why they said they want to know a story
about a time when I lied
why did where did that come from my mom
was teaching my primary questioning
today so um my shoes talk about lying is
not good really dad tell sir I also
asked me to but I couldn't think of any
because I'm a perfect child right that's
the case and I said I'm not gonna tell
them about when I lied because then
they're gonna grow up and be like will
dad lied so it's okay so I'm not gonna
tell you guys I've always made good
decisions in my life yeah why do you
want to hear about when I lied there was
no story I like stories like if you
teach me the lesson that I will learn
not to do it Amen sister give me five
what's the same what is it something
like a smart man makes mistake and
learns from it but a wise man finds a
smart man and learns from the wise the
smart man's mistakes he hasn't heard all
that saying right the hell goes no never
heard it that way but I get what you're
saying anyways you had the the wise way
to learn things is from other people's
mistakes okay I'm gonna tell you guys
about the story one day I wanted to go
skiing I was like a junior in high
school and I loved skiing it was my
passion there's a naked baby nice young
girl yeah I have to say the nakedness
it's harder to tell these stories on the
cameras on for some reason okay okay
here's this when I was like a junior in
high school I wanted to go skiing so bad
and I loved skiing skiing was like my
passion I felt like I was like spiritual
about skiing like I was one with the
mountain and I was pretty good at it not
gonna brag when I was buy like the best
one at my school anyway so I asked my
mom one day if I could go skiing and she
said no come here I'm telling a story so
I asked my mom if I could go skiing with
my friends and she said no and it's like
mom come on
tomorrow's me a great day they're having
like this deal in Salt Lake and I want
to go so bad and she's like no Shay
you've missed too many days of school
you're not gonna skip another day of
school to go skiing so I was like
you're steady miss school what I mean
why did you miss a couple of days
because I've gone skiing like she had
let me skip a couple days of school to
go skiing like on really good snow days
I get snow like seven inches and they
didn't cancel school and my mom knew how
much I love skiing so she would let me
skip school to go ski pretty nice sound
like I was do so I was like we wish you
my luck because I was like and like I
think I'd missed a few other days for
like trips I went on with a family or
something but she's like no you missed
too many days of school you're not going
skiing
I was like man mom this doesn't
understand she doesn't get how much
skein means to me
like it's such a part of my life she
just doesn't understand and so what I
decided that night is that I was gonna
sneak out of my room the next morning
and he said Oh instead of going to
school what I did is I wrote my mom I
remember I wrote her this letter it's
like mom something to the effect of like
you can't hold me back from my passion I
love screen and some angsty teenage
thing like I hope you can love anything
in your life as much as I love the
mountain oh that's really a hot day it
was pretty high camera I wish I would
love to have and I wonder if my mom has
that she's waiting to give it to you and
somebody else yeah something my mom
would wake me up to go to school in the
morning because I was a lazy butt so she
would always come in and wake me up so
when she woke up came in my room that
morning I was gone and I had let her on
my bed and I had packed all my ski stuff
and I had went and met my friend Andy
and we went in my and we met this other
guy named Rick and we witnessed truck
and we drove to Salt Lake to go ski and
that wasn't the day of cellphones so she
couldn't call me there's no way that she
could like come fine because it was an
hour to half so ancient that was not in
a day without their cell phones no we're
not eating this licorice row so listen
to what happened during the day okay so
I left her this note I snuck out my
window I remember I had my ski boots and
my skis no my room was in the basement
so I that's funny you wouldn't just
pretend like you were going to school
cuz I always
the equipment and I had to leave I left
like 6:30 in the morning before my
parents even woke up I like got up early
got on my ski equipment and then snuck
out the window and I remember walking
over to my friends with all my ski
equipment and left the house so we get
my friend Rick's truck it was like this
took Toyota Tacoma 4-cylinder I had
these giant tires on it which was
ridiculous because the engine in this
truck couldn't it could barely go over
50 miles an hour so normally what would
have been an hour and a half drive took
two and a half hours and I had to sit in
the back of this Tacoma that was like
tiny so I was like a two and a half hour
drive it was so uncomfortable it was
like this miserable two and a half hour
drive up to the mountain we got to the
mountain it was a beautiful sunny day I
was like my passion man this I'm gonna
go I'm gonna shred the mountain the very
first run there was this huge cliff and
I was like I would like you know go an
extra big this day extra crazy so I'm
like I'm here I'm gonna I knew I was
gonna get in trouble when I got home
because I knew my mom and dad we're
gonna be so pissed so I thought I got
ski hard today today's my day to shred
this mouth girls are like what's it mean
to shred in there so the very first run
very first run I bought this huge clam
and guess what happened I broke my skin
literally I landed on a rock
my ski broke in half that's what happens
when you disobey your mother and father
everybody I'm telling story so guess
what I could do the rest of the day cuz
I didn't have any money other than the
money that I use to buy my ski ticket so
I couldn't rent skis I had to sit in the
truck the rest of the day so yeah I said
truck all day long and I was miserable
because then it was like hot and then my
friends they went up they skied all day
long and I like couldn't get any other
skis and I just sat there thinking I'm
in so much trouble I'm in so much
trouble so then I got like half of a run
we went it was the day was over it's
time to go home I just sit in the back
of this truck for another two and a half
hours to drive home and then walking in
the door that night I was in trouble
I got a truant
I didn't show up and then when the
school called to tell my mom that I
wasn't at school she didn't like get an
gun for you she didn't give me an excuse
she said I don't know he just left
school and so I gave me a truant so then
I had to go to Saturday school and it
was like the worst decision I ever made
I got this huge fight with my mom I
remember I was like ready I'm crying
like it was the worst day of my life and
she's like well serves you right huh
serves you right and she had no sympathy
for me and that's what you get for lying
and disobeying your parents that's a
good lesson to learn learn from those
that have already made the mistakes
don't lie I promise you guys if you lie
you'll regret it every single time
you'll regret it for many reasons you'll
regret it cause you'll hurt people
you'll regret it cuz you'll have to
remember your line remember the story
and you'll have to always backtrack
honesty as Abraham Lincoln said is the
best policy if you're always honest and
you always tell the truth then you'll
never have anything to hide he pen
writes difficult that's not only very
hard to tell the truth because sometimes
it is hard but I promise you guys if you
tell the truth you will never not be
able to look at somebody in the eye and
have confidence and the truth of virtue
the truth will set you free and you'll
never have to hide anything and there's
nothing better than feeling confident
and knowing that what you're saying is
the truth and that you're not deceiving
anybody and that you're not trying to
lie to somebody and make somebody think
something else my vision and you're all
taking the run that story honor thy
father and thy mother honor thy father
thy mother listen you think like that
parents don't understand you think like
Oh mom and dad they don't get it they
don't understand I get it man I was a
kid too believe it or not I was a kid
just like you and I know what it's like
but your parents they want what's best
for you that's why they tell you things
they want you to be happy and so they've
already gone through all those mistakes
so that's why we try to tell you guys
we're not just trying to like impose all
these strict regulations and rules on
you guys because we're like you know
Hitler won like make you do what we want
you to do the reason that we asked you
guys to do
so you'll be happy you'll be healthy and
you'll be successful right that makes
sense that's why I want you to brush
your teeth I don't have any you guys
honestly I don't have any stories of me
lines dude I honestly don't think you do
no I - are you kidding well what are
they you snuck out to go TP in once
that's when you had her first kiss her
tongue first time she made out with the
boys when she lied and snuck out to go
toilet papering and kissed a boy one
kiss does not constitute making out huh
see tell story I just told you a story
all right I love you guys
don't lie I like stories don't lie love
you guys see you tomorrow so have you
ever lied be honest don't lie about not
lying
if you've lied then you got to tell the
truth about the lie let's learn from
each other leave your stories below I
want to read some of your little
indiscretion C's huh I opened up my soul
exposed my tragic past let's hear some
of your sordid tales shall we I think
it'd be fun we could read each other's
mistakes in the comments and learn from
each other thanks for watching today's
vlog check out yesterday's vlog I opened
up all my Father's Day presents I was
really excited to get all some goodies
goodies click on that feelin lucky
button you guys we almost have the new
Shay beer to a hundred thousand views I
appreciate with a capital A PP app or
reciate all your support check out what
the Shaytards are doing one two three
and four years ago today
we'll see you tomorrow have a happy
Monday at a great week remember it's up
to you
