happy Father's Day mother there's
actually song I guess thing to me
watch out oh yeah this is a song they
sing in church come sing it to me now
wait oh you want them not your reaction
good get look cute listen these are my
children Rock or get in here come here
you're my children because I don't know
this is the old level and you see that
hey dig why didn't ya know but your
father's day bike today you started
doing that everyone so well so like get
excited I love times I fight him all the
time one time I'm always fighting I
think he doesn't as like a formal
affection I read wrestling in my vitals
because our children and animals okay
wait
around his neck Thank You children that
sounds silly all right
nobody cares Oh Oh my presence I know we
are to have a low battery sign low
battery
hey where did you let go I just want to
say on this Father's Day I am so happy
and I feel so blessed to have four
beautiful healthy children and another
one and this this was heaven and rocked
heart is unhappy dad when you get home
let's play football
okay weird Lesley it's all oh my god is
that a rocket I was playing rocket ball
a rocket man thunk it in my first
present it's from all of us nice
where'd you guys find this well they
don't have hats that are like this
anymore like the baseball curl brandable
flat rim hey it's true and it was hard
no we found it at the Sports Chalet look
I found all of them we could because
they don't make a video sort of thing
I've been going to like Zumiez and
Paxson in all places the mall they don't
sell this kind of Red Hat anymore
because it's all the flat brim like the
skaters and the boarders you know me I
guess new hats I thought you liked it as
comfortable
these healthy she's so hungry what he
thinks it's his birthday your birthday
was last week it over it boom give it to
me
hey go give it to Daddy no I'm go give
it it that's part of the beach what did
I get I got $100,000 yeah there we go
that is a million range my favorite Oh
Oh some more Cologne we got that because
it's a smaller size so uh it's the more
of a Travel Guide yeah aqua DG what else
I get my favorite gum oh this is really
good what else I get rocked hard look
that's just sample simple cool Shelly
okay listen that is in replace of the
present I was going to get you because I
wanted to get you rollerblades because
you used to rollerblade and you loved it
but I didn't know because they make so
many different kinds they're like big
wheels and ones with brakes and ones
without brakes so I just got it for now
though right
we're skaters well that is for you for
for rollerblades or for anything else
you'd rather have that ever is equally
flippin awesome kids and his awesome
wonderfully I have to say - that's are
the best flippin dad ever from equal
flippin awesome it believed equally
puppy no screwing in our blades baby or
anything was wrong before
oh and then some more cologne samples
you just try and tell me I stink you
well you know and rock card crashes
my down shackled you oh that's right
tackle him oh my job retribution is
coming oh he's having a conniption fit
on the ground I got my song-song I got
my song-song I got my ass Tech Indian
song zone I got my soul song you can't
you can't sing without doing the dance
there's a damn piece of it we're at are
you ready for this dance I ready go I
have my song I got a song song I got my
eastern Arizona sake by the desmond
color always too much emotion you're
such a burger you're not getting any of
that just so you know the little map
okay I need everybody to be quiet
excellent I want to go around the room
and I want each of you to say one thing
that you're grateful for from your
father
we're gonna eat dinner first then you
can open okay hey not yet what's one
thing you like about your dad do not
bite me I'll kick you with my abs tech
socks I like that you're taking me
killers good country can you do like
that okay one thing that I like about
you is you're very active not
that's already active you're more like
throwing us around some guys are just
like like this lot of dads do this
that's the that's what's wrong with this
world there's a lot of dads out there
that are just like doing this not sure
what that is
thanks bro bounce it out it's hard you
show me how to be careful that's how
Terrence as I taught you how to be
daring
you are very daring sure oh no no I mean
has the answer that question we have to
eat dinner and then you are making what
are you making for dinner we're making
the same thing we had for mother's day
steak baked potatoes corn you name it
we're eating it well if you name those
three things
thank make potatoes of corn and salad
dude we have to eat dinner first all
sugar must go afterwards to the free
Scrooge free well thank you I have
received a lot of happy oh right we got
it forget the best for last
my bad you are Greatest Dad
thank you you will later success game
what's Happ
we do make out quite a bit don't you
have when we were doing that we make out
in front of our kids how often do we
make out in forever kids your parents
ever make out in front of you make out
but we can't go we kiss to the point
where they're like hey you da man we
don't make out in front of you guys very
often I don't I don't I for some reason
out of all the stuff that we've shown of
our lives
yeah it's just quite a bit we haven't
kissed very often on camera I would say
there's like maybe less than 10 times
we've ever kissed on YouTube
yeah maybe should go back and look for
all those times
everything we're gonna do right okay are
we doing a cuddle who asked the kids how
often you say we kiss for ten minutes
that's the daily regimen ten minutes
what would you say some time embellish
things let me open up for you we have to
eat dinner first
yeah yes all right I'm gonna go talk in
silence you guys be loud in here let me
just get emotional uh thank you guys
wanna take Sunday I have received a lot
of tweets and comments wishing me a
happy Father's Day I appreciate it look
here comes rock face lets me to open up
this you want one of these rock card
come here come here come sit on Daddy's
lap I truly am very grateful today I was
just we came home from church and I just
felt happy happy to have the family that
I have have the career that I have good
mommy's making some some steaks and just
happy to be a part of all of your lives
and have the opportunities that I have
and I just felt happy and grateful today
so that is the moral of the story well
that the kids want candy I can't if I
open this mom will get mad at me you can
have some after okay here look I'll give
you one of these there's a lot of candy
around this house you guys good news
Logan McKay my brother he's moving in on
Monday and I'm gonna give him a job
Logan McKay's job so you guys need to
get ready for this is he is going to be
in charge of uploading five shayloss
videos a week we're gonna work out
together and upload five shayloss videos
a week so if you are getting a little
pudgy like me No
then we're gonna start working out
together okay
as soon as Logan gets our Monday hey you
can have a candy bar after mom makes
dinner okay we have to have dinner first
say okay dad look at me look at me say
okay dad give me kiss
love you okay you can have one after
dinner okay c'est que dad say I love you
dad say dad you rock all right love you
guys see you tomorrow bye
