hello Shane the Shaytards editor here I
am sorry to interrupt your regularly
scheduled Shaytards viewing to include a
clip that happens just moments ago is
Saturday morning you know what that
means the kids are actually in the other
room right now watching cartoons but I'm
gonna try to get them to watch my
cartoon instead hey you guys new episode
of Shea Barrett is up oh yeah you guys
want to see my cartoon
it's called the sinkhole look I got a
pet got a new shave your guy who can't
that's my voice - going that's me oh
don't get too excited you know what we
get oh don't be such a whoops back to
the drawing board check out now and
unfortunately transformative purposeful
fountain they're attached to broken
boards reinforce the deck and seal the
wood come on how is that even possible
okay I'm gonna try one more thing and
I'm pretty sure it's gonna work
you'd like it yeah yeah you guys should
watch it and if you have kids you should
show those kids or if you know kids or
if you're just walking along the side of
the street and you see kids you should
run up to them and say hey kids watch
this you should vote or the door and
knock on doors and say hire there any
kids here I'd like to show them
something don't get arrested what yes I
can show you that again I sure sure I'd
love to show it to you again come on
let's just hit refresh do you want to
watch it five more times absolutely that
is not a problem okay out we should
thumbs it up and favorite it and comment
on it okay if you asks I'll do it okay
sure let's refresh it let's watch it one
more time baby tired if you ask your
wish is my command we'll watch it again
I know it's like your favorite cartoon
that you've ever watched okay what I
have bad news I've eaten all of the
watermelon look alright come on okay
some watermelon so check it out guys new
episode of che beard is up please watch
it we really want to get a season two
and they need I don't know how many
views they need but they need at least a
hundred thousand apiece they're getting
close so thanks for all the support that
you guys have given us notice of course
of watermelon now I will return you to
your regular Shaytards viewing new
glasses
hey Yas we are headed to a shoot today
and I've got two special guests to be on
my show Taylor Swift one and Taylor
Swift another you girls look lovely
today what oh I think that's just a
memorial of some kind way to lighten
things up but it's our summer dive right
there really guys anyways we're headed
to the shoot and I'm super excited
because
we'll be the like the first time I've
actually had them on a show where you'd
answer some questions on paper but
they're friends giant YouTube mural
thingy
are you excited use me on the show today
mom see you don't wanna watch those
weirdos just kidding we're actually
coming back stay tuned for that these
are set we've got three chairs all right
you could just do the whole show it's
James Doug we actually are looking into
getting a new chair for myself you know
that purple chair that I had well got
damaged somehow in the storage room or
thinking about a new set so what do you
guys think give me your opinions they
don't care what it takes they will watch
them all right all right we're having
the Tournament of Champions here we go
get ready she's crazy and wild oh well
yeah almost
she definitely has a unique style it's
true better bring it princess hard it's
hard one
yes I realize now that I have a
marijuana skateboard but I was just more
interested in the Eagle than anything
tomorrow
when I was shopping for this I just
wanted the widest board they have this
is a 10 inch deck so I figured I have
big awkward clumsy feet so I wanted the
widest one they had this is the widest
one ahead and it came with pot leaves on
it doesn't mean you do the drugs Center
no pot is yeah
no weed is what is not in my garden is
it that plants fault that it's bad
think about that poor plant growing in
the ground every saying it's bad you
never did nothing to nobody
it's just when you smoke it when you
light it on fire and put it in your
lungs that's when it's bad all right
and look what's on my board those are
weed plants huh giving them a bad person
now do I smoke pot you sure okay don't
smoke pot kids here's something right
okay it's time for the girls day special
you look so relaxed you're gonna fall
asleep how about you baby tired pretty
excited too so starts at her
Wooper you're doing great what color
it's going to show you the color and I'm
going with red today this plane overhead
the girls are discovering it sizing your
buttons kind of weird huh Oh how's it
going
you're getting back in shoulders awesome
camera gotten a pedicure and so long but
lately I've been looking down at my toes
and I've been dreading doing it by
myself because there's no room anymore
the baby's in the way it's Betty cure
time for the next four months right guy
I just realized that we forgot to show
you our pretty toes come here girl let's
show my pretty toes come over here okay
oh you stepped on my foot - oh my
goodness
dude if you don't have pretty toes get
out of the circle no we're not going to
movie we're going to the gun no oh my
goodness okay we're starting our pretty
tones say was that baby turn she has a
pretty pinochle head sure without me you
got you got to have a curls in your hair
to get pedicures today
oh that's wrong I know he's stepped on
all of our feet rocks are gooey you're
Superman you want to take your Superman
to the movies which takes a big sneeze
okay what you're super Superman
Hey look at princess card she did a
creative thing where she did purple on
one foot pink on the other she was a
little disappointed because she thought
the purple looked a little bit more
black it kind of is a dark purple but
it's okay bad go pick up your gun don't
clean up your guns baby look he's ready
yes yeah those ready ready okay you're
sitting next to Superman don't kiss him
during the show okay because I know his
super strong and buff and handsome but
come on all right and there's mine the
classic red I always love that color I
guess we're ready to go to the movies
now right go to the movies all right
where are we going what are we doing the
man of super baby turns having a hard
time keeping up in her heels
your nails look cute in those heels bro
look dad was on his phone and you know
we all found these seats to hide it he
doesn't know we're here never know
you're there he doesn't know where we
are
baby see you you gave it away we're
hiding maybe have a real pervert you try
to have a really good hiding spot like
the Cape honor we're just waiting
because they were gonna go to the IMAX
Superman but the lady informed me that
the seats we had because we booked them
so late we're really bad so we're not
going behind Knox anymore but we're
going to do these stuff so that means we
have to wait for an hour and 15 minutes
what do we have to play hide-and-go-seek
in this mall centaur you go first
jump off of here and we'll see if we can
find all your body parts no boy come on
let's go we got to go it's time to leave
the movie theater we just saw Superman
and it was awesome these glasses on
you're my little Superman buddy did you
like it
oh you better not take his cape
he's gonna want that immediately you do
not take spider-man's cape you mean
Superman oh look how fast he's storming
off well put this on me please my stupid
sister she took it from me she tried to
wear and tried to go incognito like me
but obviously I'm the only Superman was
not what I thought it was gonna be just
from other Superman's that I had seen
not what I expected but pleasantly
surprised it was really good it was
definitely different
she's gotta go people you guys she's
gotta go feed Whoopi I'll be over here
vlogging if you need me really good the
fight scenes intense do you like it yeah
Superman super duper almost as super
duper as the brand new shave beard
episode which was uploaded today episode
5 of our cartoon and you can go watch it
right now click on that fill and lucky
button and have yourself a giggle giggle
giggle giggle giggle giggle seriously
please watch it show children children
mostly want to see it love you guys
happy weekend to yeah check out
yesterday's vlog see what the Shaytards
are doing one two three and four years
ago today and have a great afternoon
thumbs up this video okay we'll see you
tomorrow
seriously though please watch a bird
please get it to 15,000 mm I think you
could I dare you please
