well how did good morning to you
I hope you have a great day we're gonna
have a great day hung guys say it say
we're gonna have a great day we can
choose to have a great day if you will
do that to yourself even if you know
you're watching this video and it's
night and your day is over and maybe it
wasn't that great of a day try that
tomorrow just get up and say you know
what
by golly gosh darn it monkey faces today
is gonna be a great day
welcome to Shaytards video 1600 that is
right this is the 16 hundredth Shaytards
vlog we did it you guys believe we've
made sixteen hundred videos in four
years more than four years it's almost
been five years we started this in
October of 2009 2008 not 2009 2008 wow
yeah coming this October that's June
July August September October in five
months we will have had this channel for
five years tell what we're doing what
are we doing right now we're going to
serve others we're going to help someone
move out of their house let me go help
them move their couches somebody that
goes to our church who needs help moving
their couches and since we have a large
truck let's put this giant drop to use
and now a wrap by Princess tard Butler
everything you see all around you bye
princess garden center what are you
doing
escape from Planet Earth
okay is that what you do during the
summer time no school so you escaped
from Planet Earth
Rock card it just doesn't ever put any
clothes on baby tard just hangs out in
her ponytail her in her ponytail just
have conversations about ponytails
uh-huh okay guys I love you I am headed
to ABC what that's pretty cool move you
know if I wasn't headed to ABC to do in
a panel for some executives I would be
in my underwear dance on the couch Joe
okay guys got any advice for me
good luck what some advice what's up my
should I'm a stud muffin good luck I
like both of those things any advice on
what I should say that is the best
advice I think I've ever gotten you know
what I mean pauses to sit down to think
what's the best advice don't get
murdered all right bye give me about
don't get murdered
baby tired I'm gonna go so while you're
here hanging out with your ponytail
don't get murdered okay okay don't give
me kiss kids opportunities for us
okay bye love you love you guys okay so
yeah okay i'm headed to burbank before i
go i got to get some energy i got to get
my coffee this is my coffee club saying
this morning while we are cutting our
watermelon
cuz she thinks that watermelon is our
Folgers so for me my coffee is going to
get a freshly squeezed juice it just
gives me energy
gives me like vitality and i feel like i
can like jump excited i know some real
concise explanation of what the juice
does for me energetically got my dues
got my energy while I was in there
getting my juice I decided to go use the
potty and as I was in the potty I looked
in the mirror and I noticed this giant
marker right here can you see this bless
baby tards heart so when I left just now
when I left the house they'd be tired
was coloring something with the marker
and when she hugged me
apparently her marker did also I have a
huge one here and then lower I have
another one like two giant marker spots
on my shirt no big deal just gonna go
you know interview with some of the
executives of American Broadcasting
Communications ABC so in a sense for I
have a giant marker stain on my shirt oh
well who cares
I choose happiness the joys of having
children like when I first signed like
what the heck I just looked at this
shirt it looked fine I was like where
did that come from I'm like Davey Tarte
had a marker in her hand when I gave her
a hug nothing you can do about it bless
her heart
I miss her so what do you guys think
should I be nervous the good thing about
going to something like this because
this really could open up some big doors
for us doing different things and just
you know it's all about who you know and
about who knows you so going and meeting
a bunch of TV executives might open a
lot of doors to do other cool things but
the thing is that's really good about
this and me not feeling nervous is that
if nothing happens because of it I still
have the whole YouTube thing you know
what I'm saying this isn't like a last
bitch thing like this has to work for me
hopefully something that becomes of this
it's nice having this YouTube thing that
is my whole life to fall back on so
whenever I go do these things that you
might assume one would be nervous
because it could lead to really big
opportunities I already feel like I have
the coolest opportunity already so even
if nothing comes of this I'm okay
because I have so many cool
opportunities that happen already just
because of YouTube and because of you
guys watching our videos and because of
you guys watching our videos more
opportunities like this pop up so it's
nice to have that going in because then
I feel a lot more relaxed I don't feel
like I have to say it just the right
thing because at the end of the day like
just make another youtube video tomorrow
okay so apparently leaving an hour early
to a place that takes usually 30 minutes
to get there is not enough in Los
Angeles traffic is backed up this might
be the fastest I've gone so far 27 miles
an hour
I was gonna say anything in the vlog
because I feel like I do this a lot but
this is one of those moments to choose
happiness and I feel like I have to play
them out I feel like I should stop and
pause in my day to say like this is a
moment where I feel stressed and anxious
and frustrated that I have marker all
over my shirt and I'm going to be late
the panel with the ABC executives
according to how far and fast I've been
traveling probably 15 minutes late
there's nothing I can do right now there
is absolutely positively nothing I can
do to change my situation I can't change
the traffic I can't change the fact that
there's marker on my shirt the only
thing the only thing I do have control
over is how I am going to decide to let
it affect me I can scream I can yell I
could be frustrated and cuss and honk at
other people said I'm just gonna say
nope I'm gonna realize that there's
nothing I can do other than choose how I
let it affect me and I'm going to choose
the way that will make me feel better
and that is just saying
whoops-a-daisy nothing I can do or say
there's absolutely nothing I can do to
make it better so I'm just gonna be
happy regardless regardless of this
crappy situation end scenario I'm still
gonna put a smile
my face that's what you have to do
they're all situations happen it's just
called life you have these crappy things
that happen where it's like this is a
big market off my shirt Oh another day
will come anyways
so we'll see how late I am its 327 right
now my call time is 340 and the panel
starts at 4:00 I still have probably 40
minutes of driving ahead of me so it's
gonna be pretty embarrassing if I show
up and have to like walk on stage late
after the panel is already started and
now there were at five miles an hour
it's looking like that's probably gonna
happen watching your dad be silly one
thing or the other song or the nose you
gotta pick one I guess it'll be the nose
we're just watching the intro for this
one are you Howard there's in one clip
that I say and Shay says we're gonna be
vlogging every day and I go it might get
boring centaur just goes you kidding me
we're never boring that's true we're not
very boring usually but here is Roxy he
was up till 2:00 a.m. last night because
he took a light nap but tried to get her
to sleep earlier today
q tell sleepwatching what used to be
Dumbo how are you I don't think he's
feeling very well yes eat this food all
day you have a tummy ache unease tummy
aches I love you oh yeah get right there
right Bob Myers oh yeah oh yeah you look
sleepy
no mmm I love you
do I smell like chili think cuz that's
we're having for dinner and I'm making
chili today with some leftover taco meat
that we had I don't really have recipe I
just want to throw it together with some
Mayo juice and chili chili beans and
pinto beans and stir corn so okay now
we're going on out of here
well okay so here's what went down man I
wish I would have had the camera on just
to show you what happen I was so late
very very late a panel started at 4:00 I
walked into the room at 4:20 and I made
a note of that so I thought oh it's like
the pot smoking time walked in at 4:20
as my trailer as my little reel that you
guys made the two of you and me combined
you know who you are weak weak nudge
nudge
right as I walked in that was right in
the middle of it was right in the middle
of my reel was playing and it was like
perfect timing so I made it I was on the
panel that a QA I got a Disney bag be
able to go home and give this to my kids
there's like some shirts and a bunch of
toys and stuff in here they gave me that
was nice of them off it was great and I
got there in time and I made a joke
about my marker on my shirt and they
didn't think I was us comeback for
having marker on my shirt and it weren't
they were great and I didn't need to get
mad in order for it to work out whew big
sigh of relief I made him laugh a few
times I felt good and now I'm headed
home to go kiss my wife and my kids
so you are my Captain America Mickey
Mouse I am definitely gonna use this bag
it's adorable
we're good ABC mug ha ha they'd be on
their talk show baby tard look at this
see this do you know that I just had to
go and talk in front of a roomful a but
like a hundred people do you know where
this is from where's that from huh
where's that from
do you know remember that
did you have something in your hand when
you give daddy a hug oh this layer that
looks like the ring you gave me a hug
got your marker oh but how did you how
did you save the day yeah I went in
there and Shira Lazar was the hosting
she was the hosting it's just like ask
me I don't know I turn into a funny joke
everybody laugh it's actually a cute
story
yeah look I have kids see here's my
proof
no better way to end the day than to
melt all your cares away with a nice hot
tub session hey marker face what do you
guys think guys having fun summer sleep
until all hours of the day this should
be a fast
what is the quotations mean what do you
mean your BFF what's your name
what should be ffs name beeping the BBB
FFF princess card decided to grow a
mustache for the summer this wants to be
mustache starts no one okay this is
called interview in the hot tub with
three children first question what is
the meaning of life you go first
what yeah your heart's the meaning of
life
okay what's the family
it's like when just took a turn for the
dark my friends I just stick with the
first one
sometimes other animals have to eat
other animals just go with that well if
there's anybody who knows the secret to
life it's Mike Wazowski sixteen hundred
videos can you believe it can you
believe it well you know why there's
proof go back right now I dare you I
dare you go watch all sixteen hundred
right now double triple dog dare yeah
thanks for watching today's vlog check
out yesterday's vlog click on the fill
in lucky button and see what the
Shaytards are doing one two three and
four years ago today there is a very
special merchandise deal for Father's
Day only at rodeo arcade com there is a
brand new shaycarl design it's really
cool it's like this I don't know how
you'd explain it like stars here Shaye
just throw a picture up right now you
mean Shane oh yeah sorry Shane took me
to take all the credit if you buy a
shirt from the Father's Day collection
you will get this shirt for free so
check it out links below rody arcade get
yourself one I love you and I will see
you tomorrow
oh and also if you click on the two
years ago button that's the first time I
met Ashton Kutcher and he knew who I was
suckers
