I think we're gonna do the video diary
are you ready
 like your name shaker
we are having another same time
go away I don't want to go stop it go
away a vlog in here get out of here you
guys we just got busted in bed together
Oh Matt come here Molly dizzle well
you're gonna go running no I'm going to
the skate park with your brother
Colette's brothers in town and we're
going to the skate park and then I have
to have the vlog and they're gonna go to
the Science Museum you're so snuggly
you're gonna go to the site you say
homies knuckle with me cuz i have to go
shred the ball after buy a new
skateboard i'll have a skateboard just
flip them off let's start this day with
a make-out session okay that is a
skateboard ladies and gentlemen this
thing is as big as a surfboard
I'm getting a skateboard from this shop
from Venice and he had this giant board
he said I can try it it's humongous that
thing it's monstrous
yeah Robin the big daddy board that fun
dude
it goes fast cruising Venice Beach on
the biggest board you've ever seen see
how cool you can turn easy huh okay
where we at Tony Maui and Sam Sann
Venice Beach
so my board did this for you just I just
totally built for him inside here with
independent Christian of soy trucks
power out two wheels ran map only the
best Vegas I'm gonna go shred that bowl
over there bro all right come see Tony
at Maui and Suns right here in Venice
Beach you're a dude all right thanks man
take it easy
good left you did see it okay I got a
board cuz I left my more tonight at us I
just went bought one Tony's a cool bro
hey guys my dad didn't really jump in
but still seemed pretty good we just saw
the skate park the Venice Beach skate
park with your Kayden Carver and Adam
just some awesome time
awesome we're skating the Venice Beach
skate park today because we're gnarly
the capital G big gnarly bro here once
again with ko let's brother Adam who's
shred in the bowl right now like the
sweet shredder good it's scary doesn't
look scary but man when I was like just
going up on this side it seems so steep
like I'm thirty feet off the ground
but in actuality it's like maybe six or
seven feet son tards rocking his gear
getting ready to shred this 45 minutes
and it's summertime today you're going
to be the strongest of the family
we're cool we're at Costco in Suns hard
and daddy went to escape for a mean part
make a map around Costco so that we
don't have to backtrack that sometimes
we do have to do that to mom or dad
things are you guys ready for our
favorite part about Costco you ready for
the favorite part ready so we're here at
relocating a juice for shame for myself
me myself and I and I asked the girls I
said okay you guys can pick out
something so that's ha see what they
picked Celia I don't like you either
that's cute I think that's cute all the
snacky snacks you could pick you got
seaweed that's good for you you see me
it's good for dance I don't really know
what it does but I hear it's really good
for you I said have you always liked it
you're gonna have to say both of you so
much a beam routine today
pretty sweet it's nice yep we actually
gonna come down here more often I'll get
better better at it yeah some nerds drop
it in the snake run over there and you
guys remember the skateboard that he has
is a skateboard that he built when he
was at skateboard school or whatever
that after-school program he did so he
built that skateboard himself shred on
my friend shred on centaur drop it in
Venice skate park I had a kid nice keep
it up man
nice thank you all right
we're headed to the California Science
Center I would say this is probably one
of the first I know just a minute like
the lobby we're utilizing our California
resources and actually doing something
in California in the California has to
offer other than just sticking around
our house and going to the beach I'm
headed there to meet our my brother and
his wife and their kids they're in town
visiting and we're gonna see what there
is the Science Center all boys I'd say
alright turn the music back up
rockers gonna throw it busy fit oh wait
that's not the right
but we can fast-forward and I was like
wow look at this thing so this is
showing one times the effort two times
ever and four times the effort to lift
this tundra she's gonna be a lot harder
to lift from that or from there that it
is from there come on let the tundra
dude it's like picking up dad's truck
I don't think it's gonna work she's got
the right idea you gotta try for the
over here big so can do it well that's
cool well if you're all working together
you'll be able to do it see she did it
a really cool place a lot of cool stuff
to see here right now the kids are lying
on this awesome play out there are two
friends of star put up on their charts
son tarde is a little learning quite
quickly that fishing is not easy
you gotta be gentle and patient
I can't drive train a bitch Junior I
don't know if that's working for you
dude
we help okay now try it oh you're happy
about it alright we finished at the
Science Center you know the Science
Center is always better when we have che
with us I mean not remember but you know
so we're probably gonna go back as the
family it was a short trip to the
Science Center and now we're headed to
the beach but I just wanted to show you
the interesting thing that is Venice
Beach and it's called tree songs I don't
get it
but why should I need to get it it's
cool reminds me that's in the street
alright it's a chilly day here at the
beach and we've have but we have
princess hard is I don't know I don't
know you tell me what's going on I've
ever seen oh sorry frog cards not very
cautious when it comes to things like
that
great job is it warm in there no way are
you standing so you told me if it's been
a fun day at the beach you know we're
trudging through the desert through the
abyss to her car we've done a good job
it was super crowded today at the beach
so this was the only parking we could
find so we're trudging we're trudging
crapped out oh you're treading he's mad
at me because I won't carry him but at
least you've got a cool purple robe
through the desert whenever I get one of
those you know like random trivia
questions you know like what would you
take with you if you were stranded on a
desert island I always ladies and
gentlemen no exaggeration I always say I
would take with me a cool purple robe
because if you have a cool purple robe
then you are the coolest and nothing
else matters at that point as you saw
today in this demonstration of rock
cards coolness once again you have
endured the trials of another Shaytards
vlog we hope it made you smile we hope
it made you feel happiness positivity
optimism and hope for a brighter future
check out yesterday's vlog click on the
feelin lucky button and
watch what we were doing one year ago I
just wouldn't watch the one year ago
vlog and we were right in the middle of
a week of 20-minute vlogs so if you like
long Shaytards logs go check out what
we're doing a year ago and watched that
whole week because they're all 20
minutes plus please thumbs up today's
vlog just one click of the button click
click click click click on the button
and leave us comments we read them I
know you're surprised because you
thought we couldn't read but we can see
you guys tomorrow I love you
