you
today they want to do it I think we're
gonna do the
a video diary are you ready
smile
I'll watch TV
just move something that we've been
through a lot together we wasn't seeing
a lot of you know our life you know
rock-type being born
I'm coming out about noon and just the
kids I've been throwing up all the
amazing opportunities you've had to meet
you know people like joint one nathan
kress Mike Carly and you know Dave
Ramsey and traveled all these cool
places and now we live in our lair and
she said it's so such an amazing
opportunity because you guys you know
supported us and watched us through all
this
raise
concentrate with the music I keep on to
like dance to the music
I suck at vlogging I'm waiting here all
right we are in a very very fancy
establishment maybe one of the nicest
places I've ever what are you it's like
we're on the first class in the 70s and
they brought us a hot warm towel wipe on
your face looks beautiful and I've never
seen this before I have no idea this is
like this is the biggest chips and salsa
I've ever seen like sesame seed looks
like information a little bit it's
professional you taste you begin so by
dip it in that stuff here wait let me
dip it this it's really good in this
it's worth a shot
hooray we like to sing to you to take
one year rolled around cupcakes - you
want cupcakes yeah well we have to put
the frosting on them and then you can
eat them yeah we're going to today we're
just going to celebrate a little
birthday boy we're gonna sing happy
birthday and sir presents hey did you
know you're getting some presents dude
rap chart did you know that you're
getting some presents shake do you want
some presents you don't want presents
should I give your presents to baby card
yeah no cake he's got a one-track mind
one press mind one-track mind like
Etsy's reject earlier they're just from
a box I have never really made cake from
scratch
I really should but um okay oh forget
the thing and happy birthday just eat it
bro I got this nice hook we made these
call it brownie brittle hard as a rock
it's sugar-free though okay all right
come on
it's my fun take them out of the oven
it's sort of both arf-arf arts I must
both fart fart really high and you're
supposed to cook it in a smaller pan and
I only had a big pan so it cooked even
faster then plus I forgot to tell Cecily
that I was cooking it and so then we
left and then later she heard something
beeping and it was these so that was my
fault but hopefully they'll get soggy
with some ice cream on top
yeah but I can't complain that's
sugar-free right I love Brooke marks
early as Dale you got the best stuff
darn it
does that mean we get pickles is that
part of the birthday celebration you can
pick up tactical Queen you could pick up
a part for me do your hands are so
fabulous which looks smug to you guys
like I am realizing like this one I had
this one I just gave on the sissy except
mom stop
see I oughta cool okay so rocked heart
is already helping himself with the
cupcakes hey you got away totally sing
to you and baby tart is helping decorate
we've got the red sprinkles in honor of
Superman so the blue and the red I
didn't have anything yellow but we have
some other fishy sprinkles so it's just
going to be a nice colorful conglomerate
mess of sprinkles right yes and we got a
test like your fingers every time no no
don't worry about spreading germs so
that just you know germs don't exist
okay birthday cake and pizza rock arts
favorite - mac and cheese mac and cheese
- wait that mac and cheese huh that
cheese oh happy birthday matches no
having pizza we're not making mac and
cheese today
you already requested pizza too late for
second request sing it record I wanna
beat a pizza you learn that pizza song
from his sister princess card
um are you trying to over sprinkle the
sprinkles I'll be oh yeah do you put
sprinkles on your pizza
oh yeah no liar you want a party hat
holy I look so cool on you but you
are the coolest party boy at 400 K oh
you think that's funny do you want a
party hat too okay here hold on few
bucks per minute guys ready ready for
the party hat
I'm ready on turn here's his party hat
here's your party hat all a party boy
party boat oh there's mine there's my
party hat let's go give everybody
upstairs follow me keep it on my cheek
look at things are hard and professor
look at me centered in Christmas charts
because of her hat on party hat what
happened did your part if I fall off
right over here right yeah
oh yes your turn okay party hat for baby
card mm-hmm and the last one is for
daddy
hey guys I'm just here walk towards
birthday my favorite three year old and
oh yeah awesome cake what are you yawn
or now I'm yawning here oh you wanna hey
I'm yawning here how big he is
he's almost six months old what do you
want wait let me guess let me guess you
want me to throw you high into the air I
think you're addicted and I think you
need to go through therapy yeah you're
having addictions this is an
intervention we're all worried about
your addictions are going high okay
ready wait we're gonna sing you happy
birthday go sit down go soon we're gonna
sing happy birthday sit right here okay
right rutgard prayer hike in the seat
sit down happy birthday to you happy
birthday to you happy birthday
shake it shake it
what's going on there like a wish and
blow the wrong way Oh get it try again
get it yeah Oh what you blow every other
kids candles on every other birthday if
you can't blow your own oh you're
spitting on it that's how get closer
you're like four feet away from it yeah
did it I'm out of here come out of here
see you losers I'll be in France if you
need me this is the standard birthday
attire you have to be wearing a hat as
you celebrate all right you want open
some presents sit down we'll bring your
presents to you oh my spider-man
wrapping paper vitamin presents more
presents after we opened a hundred
presents yesterday well all those
vloggerfair presents we have quite the
toy haul the last couple days what are
you gonna get I know I'm gonna good I'm
gonna chew on this bone you saw him yeah
buddy oh snap would you get it's like
some Pixar animated movies boy like
those now we have the first two you have
the whole trilogy yeah okay what's next
what is that what's what's in the
present Oh
find the wrapping paper Cecily can you
control your canine friend put it on
what is it here what is that I take the
hat off now it's time to a Power Ranger
pop pop pop Power Rangers yeah that's
the luchador Power Ranger it's a new
Spanish edition of the Power Rangers
what's that rock face show daddy let's
see what is it cool you got some swords
and a bow and arrow and some handcuffs
Superman doesn't use handcuffs he just
punches them for something rob hard say
thank you so boy always remember to say
thank you next gift of RAM we got
another action figure
it's fun shopping for little kids we're
little boys that are three years old
does any like football or sword or knife
or gun or super here you buy them they
love cars makes cool sounds whoa whoa
what's that
it's Rolly
tell Cecily thank you give sex me a hug
tell her hugs thank you rock face all
right little get a neck sink if he'd
want to say thank you you actually
opened all the presents he likes to open
the paper very nicely he saves it and he
rear apps other presents this from
Cecily what do you what can I do you
like some little Curious George is his
favorite cartoon put it in the mouth not
for you to play we're gonna cut the
thumb off of them just so you know it's
not a thumb it's like a little pacifiers
Monchichi Monchichi Oh soft and cuddly
with the thumb in the mouth it's really
neat SMO and cheechee Canadian you'll
know but know what you got
Racha gives us Leon Rock turn let's see
put it put it in well live from Rob
tardes birthday present opening this has
been quite the festivities we hope you
enjoyed it and see you and that
concludes Shaytards vlog 1598 we are two
away from 1600 interesting fact the
video from four years ago is the video
in which I threw baby tart up in the air
and we used as or James Blunt actually
used as the album cover for his new CD
some kind of trouble and then baby tar
became a national white hit her picture
being on Billboard's everywhere and it's
right there for us to look at check out
yesterday's vlog if you're feeling lucky
click on a feelin lucky button and if
you haven't subscribed please hit that
subscribe button maybe this is your very
first vlog ever subscribe to us for lots
more family fun we love you as always
we'll see you tomorrow
