log in here three years ago today we
welcomed into our lives all of our lives
all of your lives a little young man by
the name of rock and Roli o-tar your
birthday
oh really gonna punch me in the hand for
your birthday little birthday boy okay
grandma Laurie has a present for you
and she just called me and said that she
wants me to film you opening this she
wants to see your reaction so give her a
good reaction happy birthday little boy
a birthday three year old oh there's a
hole oh I see okay happy birthday little
rock face happy birthday to you oh whoa
cool open it up what's in it to see for
me and he knows right away
to the suit that you're gonna want daddy
to put on you every two seconds Superman
like when you go to supper
it's surfer man so to open it here you
hold it up with singing seeks jealous I
think he wants my kids jaws whoa oh okay
here super me want to wear it ha ha ha
they're so cool here buddy ok ready
look at because permission oh that's
cool wanna go high class Superman watch
out Zeke
I think sequence may wear it yet what
say we ready set up on the table they
need to I need to get a Suzuki along
memory burns get in your room who should
have filmed me trying to get up on the
table that I'm dating you need to go I'm
ready you need to go right one two three
- there Tara missing one two go Superman
one two all right
- bezel I won one
say thank you grandma
good cambric say thank you grandma again
1 2 1
okay listen daddy was in sialic blogger
fair a bunch of nice people got you a
bunch of nice presents I was seeing away
with like a show I'm unwrapping all
these presents but there's so many it
would take forever and Roger wants to do
it again daddy wants to go hi again this
is what happens when you get a daddy and
do again
run do it again I have a feeling you'd
do it for the next 45 minutes if I let
you
Superman the Man of Steel the baby of
Steel okay I wanted to show I said that
this presents really cool you've never
seen one of these here's a cool huh put
your hand on it there's some of those
baby talk well my face is already on
that and in true Canadian fashion we had
a lot of Vancouver and nights that were
at the log vloggerfair they brought you
a bunch of presents open that son tard
you got a book we all know son tarde
likes books all right ladies I think
you've seen this girl before you better
listen to every word of that CD cuz
we're gonna be at her concert soon Oh
looky your little hand that is adorable
a little birthday boy son tard solve
that bad boy
I see Superman wants that for himself
rock card look what somebody else got
you oh man best birthday ever
here he wants all the toys my spider-man
look at that cave that is so cool
it's like a real silk it's nice oh yeah
yes we have a book things you can ponder
you can put that on your door you want
to open it okay go get your big brother
open it he's pretty good at opening
things go say big brother open that for
me I need help okay thank you baby tar
you are such a good girl thank you so
much son card or one of those oh what's
this oh yes we have some letters that we
need to read they wrote us some really
nice letters Mommy tart is over here
reading one of those letters right now
mommy tart said what are those give me
you got a monkey bum in your belly you
open the card show me your spider-man
say thank you but you get a Canadian
hacky sack to Canadian hacky sacks man
oh man let's see you hack that sack
oh now spider-man's going high watch out
it's gonna hit you in the head dude he
throws in the air then runs horse
spider-man have you ever seen Toy Story
that hurt some dude look you got a
Canadian Jeep rock card
look mommy tart open your Jeep for you
check it out what do you say to the
Canadians say thank you
he is in heaven right now go put on your
face
oh it's baby Todd
okay ready lean back hurry Joe fix okay
lean back big smile Jackie look at it
like rain color coded right you guys are
so nice every time we go to these you
bring us so many presents and it's
always fun opening them all this is why
I do not have a peel box rug because
this would happen every day and these
kids would be spoiled brats what do you
want to do again we're go hi what you
got there hey you guys are getting ahead
of yourselves I'm supposed to distribute
these like Santa Claus oh look at this
rock card another car what do you say
say thank you okay another one car
ladies some bracelets for your face
those will be fun for you Oh a purse you
can color the purse diamonds on it
that'll be fun accessorizing that says
baby tart on it that is your necklace
which would you get look at that bow she
got oh dude there's so many accessories
my goodness it's so glamorous
rock art I know what you're thinking I
want another car well there you go
another one core wrap he goes hey what
about this thoughtful person honey she
gave us a $25 Fandango gift card to go
on a date well we don't have to be with
these guys
please very nice definitely use that
awful centaur gonna play a little
foosball huh the foosball that's a good
football do get that out let's play he
rocked hard you know what you need more
of I think you need another car here bro
one other car check it out
Oh this I guess the wheels fell out of
that one this looks like something I can
tag in the face Oh No
the war has begun look at that squeeze
that thing here maybe tard what's this
open this out looks artistic what's
inside of it Oh Pandora's box oh look at
that that's nice catch oh look at that
running back cuts it upfield hit me sit
it hood oh snap oh well well well look
they don't forget you buddy you look so
pretty
you wanna do it again hold on Zeke has
to accessorize first there you go buddy
ok grandma your little Superman loves
his cape and he wants to keep going hi
here we go man so you sent him more than
a cape really yeah we just got the cape
our office sucks at giving mail so it's
probably in the office somewhere but he
got the cape and he's wearing it all
right I'll film it and I'll put it on
yeah thanks grandma now I have to throw
this freaking kid up every two seconds
he's crazy Superman
when you don't make sure that you travel
all right well we'll make sure okay
behind a minute Superman get out of here
I'm talking to Grandma all right I'll
take a fix right now it'll be here soon
I'm sure
turns out the office had another package
that they didn't want to tell us about
look at that dude my goodness grandma oh
grandma came through open that bad boy
up I can't wait okay buddy open that up
this is from Grandma Oh Nellie what is
it Oh flip it around slipping around
hurry hurry hurry
amazing
of course it's your Superman look Jesus
tall physique oh yeah Zeke touch my
scooper thank you grandma grandma Laura
gave this rock tart what do you say to
Grandma you fuck's sake open it Duty's
wouldn't want to take that everywhere
with them we're gonna go to the movies
we're gonna have to buy another seat for
Superman
maybe we'll take Superman to go see
Superman does it really not a brand deal
okay that is cool give him big hug
rock card oh yeah it's big your daddy a
hug that's right Hey look into the
camera look retard Hey look at Grandma
say thank you grandma Laurie no look at
her look at her look she's right in here
watching say thank you grandma Larry
that is an awesome present wow that's
super seat don't feel bad - we'll get
you one - okay we'll get you a Superman
buddy you can get a super magical boy
all right now we're combining the two
toys and we get Oh Superman there's a
glare here pick it up our Superman nice
yeah he's like in the Carbonite bath
oh well somebody has to take a Carbonite
bath sometime what do you say we're
super do you love him it's funny
watching him carry him around he's as
big as he is
it's your new little buddy hey Rock turd
you want to throw Superman hi you want
me to throw him right
yes you are little boy three years old I
love you
oh cool you're talented not many people
can do that that takes an ambidextrous
kid an ambidextrous something I know I
got an accountant such a big little boy
think about it
this little kid has been in our lives
some of you for his entire life even
before he was born we had our little
relationship with this little man
he is the true life Truman baby that's a
little weird but I appreciate all of you
guys being along for his life and this
ride and today we celebrate his third
birthday it's a little while
we have a dance party going on in this
truck right now
Jersey hold on let me see see touch it
okay ready touch another roof don't get
your head ripped off you won't look as
pretty if your head gets ripped off
trust me I knew a girl once let her head
ripped off nobody liked her she couldn't
hold the conversation worth beans so I
saw in the comments that a lot of people
are excited for rock stars birthday
footage but I should tell you we're not
having us party till tomorrow because
Cecily can't be here tonight and she has
to be at his birthday in fact today he
goes mom I'm suiting up guard we are
celebrating however by going out to
sizzler which we already did and now
we're going to the movies he's excited
to the head while he's three now that's
what he does that's the three-year-old
goes baby turns excited sad to see the
movie yes I think I need to call you
some more pandemonium in here is
pandemonium in here any more music to
see Bieber to do okay we're going to the
movies bye it's an old saying for a
reason but it is crazy how time flies
three years ago our little rock and roll
yo face came into the world and it has
been such a treat he was a little
surprise for me and mommy tarde but he
has been the very best surprise we've
ever had
please check out yesterday's vlog we are
so close to hitting 1,000 thumbs up per
minute of yesterday's vlog it was a 26
minute wall got a long long click on the
feelin lucky button got a special
something for you there and see what the
Shaytards were doing one two three
huh three years ago we know what we were
doing and four years ago today we love
you guys we'll see you tomorrow I
actually have to go because we're gonna
go open presents more presents for Rock
chart and sing him happy birthday with
this birthday cake we celebrate
birthdays for two days here at the
Shaytards love you guys see tomorrow
