hi good morning
vlog or ferret day 1 and you know who
showed up to party my hairdo he's ready
to show some people a good time it's
actually 8:30 in the morning here and
Seattle Washington Marriott hotel and
I'm going down to meet Logan with Kate
our school won't get bought what do you
guys think you actually get a haircut
well I wanted me to get a haircut but I
was watching old videos but I had long
hair and I think it looks awesome I felt
like a random walk or dude the dude room
that one rock band you know that he was
rocking rope on Dave Grohl that's not
talking about I think Dave girl's hair
looks awesome I'll have like a man crush
on Dave girl's hair right look there he
is my name is locum okay I believe I
could be the baddest buffest baddest
borough in the world oh man I just wish
everybody could see my six-pack well
we'll just take my shirt off right now
but I'm kind of wondering Apple oh yeah
that's delicious
oh look make the energy somebody lifting
these weights a lot yeah man but you
there's so many chicks out there that
think I'm so handsome almost here look
out this window and think about all the
chicks in the world that think I'm
handsome I bet you there's like 50 maybe
even like a hundred and fifty maybe even
everybody this Apple I take one more
chick will like me yeah that's what it
is man look at that view not as pretty
as I am though well you're my energy
let's say your school laughs say your
school acting like a fool on your last
day it's - are you guys excited at your
last day it's true and thunder'd is gone
he bolted out of the car soon as we got
here hey little man
is the last time we'll walk under for a
while the present and future teacher to
turn one for the teachers a on your
marks get set
good dog
can't see you got all right you make up
your own routine bro
there you go that's impressive that is
easy to look I give the spin
it's hard
there you go
like the birds rock tired you say pretty
bird pretty bird
awesome
he loves the pet store we can never get
out of here in less than 20 minutes
oh you want to see another one bird okay
come here let's look at the birds
what'd you say that is what kind of bird
is that bird he goes it's like a chicken
that's kind of like a chicken it's big
and it's not exactly a chicken you're
almost as big as the bird don't pull on
it oh you'll get your fingers it's not a
good idea what yeah those are what Mommy
calls you mommy that's not like those
they call them family right fancier a
fine I mean just directly and like you
just right oh oh he's in the purple team
Logan this girl has a question for ya
did she kiss you on the lips real quick
and her mom's the one instigating the
whole thing probably just gets around
the lips yeah yes they're open don't do
there's so many girls I want to kiss my
brother you're not gonna kiss my brother
and her mom instigated the whole thing
see your blog there you can make out
with my brother jealous right now
good job well I'm proud of you okay
who's next it gets my brother you sir
step line up come on don't you want to
kiss Logan McKay jeez all these people
are in line to kiss my brother okay you
have to make the same face smile look
the first set of twins I've ever met and
then there's this girl I don't know who
she is anyways these guys look exactly
alike ma'am can you step out no just
kidding there's triplets
three of them they're all the same no
first pair of triplets is like I'm
acting like I've seen the Mount Rushmore
hey you guys look it's famous blogger
and all-around hot chick
she's making her cat me might am i
investing it here blocking for me god
you think I'd done this before
hey I would just I just need that a year
ago in the year ago video at the end
slate today check it out links at the
end where you were streaming my music
with the fine brothers probably a pilot
slide
we did anyway you know are you seeing
all right there in the vlog they want to
be in the block for two seconds they got
Marissa and Sarah here at vloggerfair
you having the time of your life okay
we're doing what is called ask your
favorite vloggers really cool thing they
have a vlogger fair where they have like
all their favorite vloggers let their
sloop and you come and sit at a table
and we have a chat it's like the little
little dates we're on a date right now
okay that's so she's enough gum so look
what she gave me
you guys remember these as kids works
like those you know you put those
needles in it I remember me and Casey
always go to Toys R Us and seeing these
and you know what you do gotta put on
your face right but here's the thing
they got all these things sitting in the
toy store you know what everybody does
they pick them up you're like how many
germs are on that right like everybody
put some on their face but it's a thing
you gotta do they should have the hand
sanitizers next to these but I'm in one
of my base okay ready
my nose anyways I'm having a great time
a longer ferry should've come okay
princess start someone say hi to you
which one do you like the best
be honest you have to have a favorite
nope no you have to pick a favorite
don't they're not all cute some of our
not cute pick a favorite which one's
your favorite
no you have to pick one or I'll break
your leg right now
rock hard you love rock dork the most
what about you oh wow that is like true
love hear that kids
I'm gonna have to break this girl's leg
now look what you started it's your
fault she's gonna be in pain in the
hospital think about your actions young
men and ladies give me a quarter she
said it she gave me 20 bucks but I put
her in the blog now keep your money you
have to promise but yeah I put one well
I haven't uploaded it yet but I put one
in on the way here and the flight
attendant took it out
she wanted her tip she said it was her
tip so she stole it I will put your
quarter anything what's your name
Kaylee I know it Kaylee I used to live
in Plano
yeah okay give me a quarter round put
your quarter in my flight home
Kaylee's quarter that's going in the
ashtray a lot of you have been this is
yeah that looks like molasses little
treats and Chile's they're having a
little lump shit on their last day of
school and rock hard went straight to
the donut darn it
we didn't get anything else in a bit
sugar oh yeah
you're doing it no that's not yours
don't touch it or do the electric slide
all right I just had a push-up contest
with this guy I won we did not win and I
know this guy I'm going this guy for a
long time and I was just in a music
video clip for her I think my buddy cast
Angie would really like you I wish
Bassam was here he would have some witty
things to say we're going to LA in the
fall oh yeah you gotta get you gotta get
on a cast Angie video I don't know what
he would say but I'm sure it'd be witty
oh maybe it'd be inappropriate right
yeah that's what I'm saying right there
his life is complete all right I'm here
hanging out
she's from Guam they're all from Guam
they live in Seattle but she flew 16
hours to get here you win the award for
part of this travel to come visit us you
in this yes congratulations you win the
set bar and these guys are gonna go to
LA next week I told them to goes to
climb the rope at the Santa Monica Pier
they're gonna try to get us hide your
challenge to get a size G to try okay
and
this could make a difference if you want
to be youtuber you just don't have the
equipment you could win this first
laptop it's to change everything for you
there's no change right now get ready
for life to change
it's too much okay I hope I pick
somebody that really meets this if
somebody wins it have like four laptops
gotta give it away okay okay the brand
where is song City California
yep you present when I think we need to
be you need to go here yawns on laptop
hey you're going once going twice
your life did not change it changed in
the fact that you didn't get a free
laptop hey you're only glad to be on
that one okay
Susan Hampton from Vancouver
that's a mama Lucy
I just left the building
he is gone he's bring this bum back am I
your mom yeah all right I know
Susan Anton free laptop so how is your
last day of school guys you did for real
excuse me
I think miss pizza tard over here has
had some sugar as well did you know hold
on so many things going on at once you
need to take turn no sad nerd was first
he started to tell me about his report
card okay go good job big and strong
we had some pizza though right so pizza
party okay yep I bought it what okay
hold on everybody gets a turn
all right I'm watching my children okay
you guys a little history for all you
coffee fans out here we are at the
original Starbucks Starbucks first store
post right here proves it and it doesn't
look like it's changed much literally
just look we're here with Tim Deegan
with Logan that's it Carly we're with
here of Carly and her friend from high
school
hi Annie I I remember growing up coming
home and these two I was like 16 and
Annie would come over and play with
Carly I'm like these two salons are
obnoxious they just celebrated June 5th
yeah Carly do you like really old about
4 years ago yeah they're both 26 now you
guys is the original Starbucks we are
original I want to get the shot we're at
Pikes Place Market right now and that's
pretty cool that's some history right
here at Starbucks and think about the
guy who first started this when he very
first thought I'll start a coffee shop
and we'll see where it goes
probably one of the biggest businesses
in the world now hey that's pretty cool
I like history like that you know so we
just ate and it was a great day of
vlogger fair and got to meet a lot of
really cool people I wanted to see him
throw fish here at the Pikes Park packed
dock that Mike's mark is a high said
anyways we're headed home tomorrow I'm
excited to see mom and the kids my wife
the ikonics
public market here at farmer's market I
was here as a teenager for cool water on
the internet your friend snowball in
Seattle Logan's on a pig now heads up
ladies that's like I just stuck my hand
inside of the fish well you can't come
to Seattle unless you're some gum
over this wall hey Logan I will give you
ten bucks if you eat a piece off of this
wall 100 bucks would you do it for 100
bucks no I'm taking instagrams bro
purchase to life so close to the gum
wall this is all gum oh that's a shame
aw that's a shame I won't bite hi I want
to give mine the higher my life is okay
will you film this
Sorry Sorry
and that was my experience on the
gumball ladies thank you films by the
lovely hey Thank You Lindsey mines way
up there for you to go oh yeah oh it's
white that's mine right there I'm the
highest if you ever come to Seattle with
a gum wall shaycarl got the high scum
just crazy all kinds of gum there's a
penny stuck to it it's like a lot of
details look somebody blew a bubble and
stuck it there's a happy face for
chimneys hey you guys are hottie hottie
hot so yesterday when I promised a 25
minute vlog I thought I had 30 minutes
of footage and usually that means I'll
cut it down to 25 minutes but then after
I uploaded that one take Sunday and
promised the 25 minute vlog I looked at
notice I only had 24 minutes of footage
so this vlog has to go longer into the
next day I could feel it I know I could
feel it I have like a I was because you
can't kind of looking back
I have a blog bomb sensor that goes off
I know when this happening anyway so
this vlog because it needs to be 25
minutes going to the next day of us
traveling home I had a good time please
have a good time hanging out with my
brother and sister it was really fun
blogger fair did a great job and we had
a good totally gorgeous I wish we had
more time in Seattle thanks bro we never
made it to the top of the spaceman good
it was fun and then all of you that we
met there look I have a bag full of
presents that's why I love going to
these gatherings cuz I come home looking
like the best dad ever
hey kids look what I got you I take
credit for all the presents that you
guys give me so thank you all right you
guys we're headed home and we are here
in the airport at maybe one of the
biggest magazine racks I have ever seen
they have every single magazine in the
entire world here and I'm not sure it's
behind those ones anyways Carly is just
looking through the magazines this is
actually Carly's boyfriend like we're
we're in Oakland Oakland California and
that's the day yeah out of all these
magazines we just come over here and
find get all Steven inside yeah yes your
job as girlfriend have to buy every one
of these nice okay guys we're in Oakland
we had the same flight from Seattle
please report to the airlines
anyways they're going to Boise and we're
going to LA so I'm saying goodbye look
real close second tee get a little shake
going on look at my go see I have
nothing further Scottie okay good there
they go
hi Carly I'll open that who's that who's
that I love those people I know that I
want to ride home with them hi there
they are
oh my children are hugging and loving me
hi that's true love did I hear make out
with me woman all right I'm here in Los
Angeles with my family I am with the
loves of my life
right here we had a new son the adopted
one where are we out guys all right
check this place out we got like our own
little look here look at this like these
little boots like little boots like old
50 style stuff they brought us back here
to the room where the kids can be loud
and obnoxious there's all kinds of
really cool posters and old
paraphernalia and there's interesting
options to look at
here this is the porn room actually oh
wow wow that wall okay yes girls don't
look up there son tard read your book
keep your eyes on the adjectives I think
that's all that any of us can hope to do
is keep our eyes on the adjectives boom
right there 25 minute vlog for your
eyeballs how'd it feel you guys like it
let's make a deal how about 1,000 thumbs
up for every minute of this vlog huh
I believe in you you guys we can do it
25,000 thumbs up on this video please
help a brother out help a brother out
and tomorrow we celebrate my little
boy's birthday rockface McGillicuddy is
three years old I love that little guy I
got it it's actually today I'm hearing
today
June death I check out yesterday's vlog
I uploaded a reel that I am so
appreciative that some of you helped me
make somehow it got compressed weird
there's little black bars on the side
made me mad I'm gonna re-edit it and
then re-upload it to a different Channel
or something I don't know
stay tuned for that check out the feelin
lucky video and see what the Shaytards
are doing one two three and four years
ago today please thumbs up this video
leave comments I'm reading them I'm in
the comments right now reading your
comments love you guys we'll see you
tomorrow
