right it is bright and early in the
morning and today baby tart hasn't put
in chefs a gun are you excited for your
dentist appointment she actually is
today's the big day that we're gonna get
all those cavities fixed this doctors
great we're gonna do it all at once so
she's gonna be seeping we're gonna get
it all done and fixed so it's gonna be
feeling great you might have any more
pain in your teeth because you've had a
little bit of pain that about you yeah
and after that you're gonna brush your
teeth perfectly so this doesn't happen
again right you've actually been doing
very well at flossing and brushing her
teeth I've missed out of you all right
Here I am in my uber on the way to LAX
headed to vlogger fair what's your name
again
Tim sue and he we're talking about
YouTube because that's what I do
I do YouTube and he said we're talking
about ads and he asked me when there is
an ad on the beginning of it it says
skip ad do you get paid for that I said
no if they skip the ad you don't get
paid for it but if they watch the ad you
get paid more for it so then tell me
what you just said exactly I just went
the video and I liked it and some time I
I hate to skip and once I like the video
I go back reparation and then work it
over again and the plastic to my friends
so he says he'll skip the ad but then if
he likes the video he just said I want
the person to get paid so then he
refreshes the video and watches the ad
and I said good for YouTube and that's
what I like also splats out - your
friend - yeah that's great it's the new
way man
oh that's so crazy I'm sitting here in
the dentist's office and they're talking
about mystery guitar man just got signed
with some big company where he's gonna
he wants to do like movies and directing
it's so crazy it's like hi world are you
just you just catching up to this
because I mean he's been pretty big for
a while so like I like just signed this
new YouTube sensation and I'm like new
YouTube sensations he's been a sensation
for a while right guys it's just so
crazy how these worlds like all the
sudden will connect TV and YouTube and
then it's like oh this amazing person
he's new and I'm like no he's not
he's like been amazing for a really long
time and yours barely bigger into this
house okay check it out Shaytards high
magazine say what a cool driver of a
sort of goober it's this app that's on
your phone super convenient I use it all
the time
that was my driver way cool dude and I
got another subscriber cuz he promised
he would subscribe to the Shaytards
you better look who I ran into
travelling documentary crew quit
following me around the world you too
it's like everywhere I go you is just
tagging along it's oh my god that's true
I just want to be a part of your life I
found Korey under my bed this morning
I was a little here you're so glad I
don't use one of these to vlog because
you know you think it's weird holding
this little white camera in front of you
holding that giant cap oh look I'm in
there vlog now hi here at the dentist's
office I'm watching this awesome
aquarium and these fish are soothing me
while I'm waiting for baby it's hard to
finish her treatments I don't want to
sit in there because it makes me super
nervous to watch her getting all that
work done look at all these pretty fish
I'm trying to be calm and collected but
I always get really nervous in these
situations so I'm just sort of pacing
before they've come out and told me how
she's doing but she's definitely getting
a lot of work done so it's going to take
a while but she's doing well no worries
breathe and all that you know how
everything
hey Carlos we landed in Vegas and now we
are going on to Seattle so we can't just
stay on the plane as they switch I've
never done that
what like sneak on their work just likes
what we moved to these because we were
back there and then everybody got off
that was getting off here watch out
yelling I'm sorry and so then we moved
up for the exit row because one
Southwest and it's no assigned seating
so it's cool you're not here with all
the flight attendants are cleaning the
seats they said we could help but coming
home help straighten these straight
knees that's to make it out going on car
they've got lucky twice on this trip
this is one for me and one from her
okay I want every one of these buttons
does - where's the eject button nice to
meet you I'm Corey so do you guys what
you guys doing right now you're not
gonna put anything on the Chive right
for you - why don't you see on those
airplanes we're going to Seattle not the
strip that's a good question for you why
are we not doing that yeah because I
don't like to strip I like to smell all
right my wives in LA she trusts me no
I'm not marrying up 26 yes
congratulations
oh no no leave a comment below if you
want to marry you the captain you can
get you some dates thanks guys we're
gonna get this captain of dated that's
the last thing I do
comment below if you want to date the
pilot go do it laughs hi ladies yeah
yeah all right we're just having a fun
time here on the airplane they fixed
them all you've got a couple of silver
ones but they're all fixed you did a
great job honey
I love you they said that she should
wait for a little while to be hungry for
a little while so just wait cuz she's
ready to have a little liquids and then
maybe a little food and just now she was
we gotta wait until your mouth wakes up
a little bit then you can eat something
kay I have a cartoon that's out telling
people actually famous on YouTube and
then just forcing him to like explain it
to people so this lovely lady works at
is this is this no question yes okay I
didn't want to get the wrong whatever
like I've had opportunities to do things
but mostly it's all on the AMAs yeah
there's been like some reality TV show
some contact and that's what they wanted
us to delete our YouTube channel so
we're like no way no way can you talk by
his attitude that he's famous yeah I met
him he made a documentary together he
came to a gathering in Toronto like a
like a YouTube meetup everyone we met in
Toronto at eight a day I met a kid last
night I had to Santa Monica rings who I
met at a NATO Ames
that's crazy forever you stole the
Segway or something yeah you're like
bombing around
yep John this this here will be seen by
between 100,000 and 200,000 people not a
sponsor on a brand new but we are gonna
get extra peanuts and sprite right Liz
what am I gonna sing can sing anything
yeah I'm famous what's up nice to meet
you are you giving me five or you just
don't want to get the camera oh I think
he tried to give me five okay baby tried
how are you feeling honey she's feeling
much better she says her mouth is awake
and you know how when you go to the
dentist you usually get to pick out a
toy well we got my car we were driving
down the road she was mom I didn't get
to pick out a toy so of course I like
broke down is it okay I'll buy you a toy
so we went to the store to get her
medicine anyway so we went to the
pharmacy and she picked out a toy and
look what she picked out she picked this
out on her own it's a dentist toy it's a
play-doh Dennis that where she can
practice being her own dentist that
didn't thank you so why did you pick out
this to my baby turn your something
fortunately thought it looked fun to be
a dentist did you got it before that's
such an ironic present because you had
all that dentist work done huh but I
love this present that dad gave me she's
bringing me to Paris with concert I know
he's such a good dad is lady
okay let's see doctor doctor baby turn
those feelings
good job you don't have that many in
your mouth that's great
you only have four more silver crowns
and then of course nurse rock-hard is
stealing these underwear what kind of
weird watch it not a big deal
he usually changes at least five times
what oh that looks awesome
you're doing a great job sir thank you
for being so patient you know security
okay
here the Riviera do she did miss Hickey
she's there in that cabin she's the
flight attendant and with us in her
career
it's called a time it's called a time
it's time to head to the ashtray
don't wanna do this I think
years ago or a year ago I thought like
setup things in public
you guys go find
I don't know why I started doing it
the industry
go to the bathroom
brings us together
okay last couple times I've had prints
that start do my dirty work for me
she put a dollar in the ones I didn't
have any change the fact never as long
as I've been doing this I have never and
yet to find a quarter
so I've had a few people between me
saying that they have found them but I
never myself powers and we will import
in the day where I look in the last tray
did I see a quarter of a beer is
probably being Stephanie coming to it
how often do you clean out the ashtrays
inside the bathroom
never I knew it never right because I
haven't you never do right why would you
because nobody do bikes to the how often
to the plains get like clean slam
tonight they so do you think they clean
them out they get in the ashtray and
they look
what I always leave a quarter in the
ashtray in the ashtray bathroom bathroom
ashtray I didn't even know there were -
trace in the bath it's not funny
charters
oh is that what it is see I always
learned that because there's the no
smoking sign and in there - Nana
somebody found my quarter one more got a
jackpot no she thinks I'm a slot machine
okay there you go
well you guys we get to the bottom of
this ashtray thing this is very
compelling very compelling
yeah swimming pool are you powdering
your nose
we just had dinner who's delicious Logan
McKay is here sup guys in handsome
oh my where's waldo shirt on me there
there yes where's waldo I'm hanging out
with my siblings okay I miss you hey
there's some first our first vlog Carly
Maria stop it thank you you have to put
up with you guys this say hi to the vlog
you guys are in it now you have to dance
I'm sorry
go get dancing points you guys are
failures fail dancing the professional
dancing I know you can dance you started
dancing on YouTube that's how you
started YouTube do dance right now
that's why he switched to making star
wars video okay
okey-dokey well that's a vlog we'll see
you guys tomorrow hey guys we are here
in Seattle Washington at vlogger fair
met a bunch of you today was hanging out
there for like seven hours doing
meet-and-greets shaking hands kissing
babies punching people I didn't punch
anybody thanks for watching it was so
cool meeting everybody and I just ran
back to the hotel room sorry that vlogs
late but I was at vlogger fair all day
and and I love you and I'll see you
tomorrow check out yesterday's vlog
click on the feeling lucky button and
see what the Shaytards are doing one two
three and four years ago and please
right now pick your thumb up look at
your thumb look at him look at him what
would your thumb want you to do that's
right thumbs em up this video that is
okay love you guys see you tomorrow
