and itself first like something tells me
you
okay when it's crazy hair day that means
you have to walk crazy show us your
crazy walk through it again do it again
I love it look we've got two bows we got
a one with a feather and these are from
do you remember her name was it Haley
Hali she made them for you
super Haley Oh we'll just name her
that's your new name if it wasn't before
but she made those for her at playlist
live oh sorry
you dropped out your stock princess
cards writing a book and baby tart is
crazy hair day girls in her class today
and rock art is gone no we're on our way
to get daddy we miss him so much rock
guard excited to see daddy okay go talk
me alone Lizzie I don't care how long
how how long it is since we've seen each
other it could be like two hours I
always miss Shay I love him so much what
daddy Tiger Dumbo oh okay hey Carlos
that's not the right way to sit in your
seat belt yester take the baby before
eating for this year that's the number
one rule when you're gone on trips you
have to attack the baby first are you
back logging me and Solange I just
making out the baby
I'll get you I'm gonna get you I want to
hug you and squeeze you in places sing
it again buddy sing it again on hear it
again
well you got the words wrong but it's
frickin PDP he said wonder what you are
is it a lotus star so I'm like he's
calling it a lotus oh sorry bro remix
remix to twinkle twinkle little Lotus
star how I wonder wonder what you are
yeah yeah whatever what let's hear a
baby face let's hear your version remix
baby chart style twinkle little star
ha ha ha ha the family's back together
again I'm so happy I have to leave
tomorrow plan to Seattle tomorrow for
vlogger fair I hope you guys in Seattle
appreciate it then lady might I tell me
about it I'm not happy about Seattle
Seattle they're gonna go change we're
gonna go where well it's not till August
so you got we got a few months of
waiting but it is gonna be the time of
your life my promise you're gonna love
it
you're trying to get me a heart attack
not nice rope Roli Shay my butt's shaken
oh hold on tight okay
Shay is trying to beat his daughter who
is eight I talk she practices a lot
daddy I'm coming
Jackie I'm coming I don't like that oh
gosh hey but is chicken hey rock star
don't run into that you're gonna get
kick don't so Shay you're so amazing
honey good job babe
job babe she got twice yeah she did
to do here rock-hard I'm coming okay
good job baby jarred I I think you can
come down now know what can't handle any
more shaky fingers okay if you're
getting tired just climb back down it's
okay you made it really far honey I
wouldn't feel bad okay now turn oh
you're so cool bed oh oh did he fall in
the band again rocked rod keeps eating
sand don't you all right I'm scared -
not gonna lie
yep
doing it again number 40 I think for her
today whoa
this is golf
Wow I want to be able to do that it's my
goal ah so cool end of the summer mark
my words I'll be able to get that high
dude that's so awesome he's like 20 feet
off the ground seriously I'm gonna be
able do that by the end of summer I
promise whoo I love it what do you think
printer can you do that you can do that
here's want me to push you that high man
you guys you're having such a good time
at the beach I just wanted to take a
moment out of this vlog and say hi to
Mary Mary I know that you're watching
right now and I know that you have MS
and I'm sorry and that sucks and we
really appreciate that you can be here
and watch our videos every day and you
know what I'm gonna do I'm gonna punch
her son for you now to make her feel
better
so I met these guys are from Toronto and
they're here visiting they tweeted me
earlier and said Shay come down to the
Sun I wanna come here right now we want
to meet you I was like yes sirs I will
be right down right guys that's what
happened hey I don't think the Chagos on
your face you don't need it on your face
she thinks you're more shocked she has
all over her body the better she'll be
of the Rings good to meet you guys
yeah yeah love you Mary thanks for
watching our videos we appreciate it
what should these guys in here do
you guys tomorrow bye not so quick
shaycarl I'm not quite ready to end this
vlog roll that trailer Shane oh wait I'm
Shane oh yeah that's me I'm talking to
me okay check it out
others might be lawyers and doctors our
chicken suits all for you bring a smile
to your face even if you're laughing at
me and not wish me I'm the king of say
oppressor hey look I love it it's like
every good movie has like a restaurant
scene you know I mean where it's like
you come to back running through like
the chef's always a goal I want to kiss
you on the mouth
whoa what was that a little trailer to a
brand-new video that is live right now
on our channel with Tribeca Film
Festival called picture show click on
that feelin lucky button and you will
see seven minutes of chicken fighting
fury my friends thanks for watching
today's vlog it's so good to be home
but I'm leaving to go to Seattle I have
to get on a plane in two hours from now
so if you're in Seattle and you want to
come say hi to me we're gonna be at
vloggerfair I will put a link below if
you want to come get tickets and you're
in the Seattle area we're gonna be there
for two days it's gonna be me Carly and
Logan from my family and then a bunch of
other youtubers and then all of you guys
so come hang out with us in Seattle
check out yesterday's vlog see what the
Shaytards we're doing one two three and
four years ago and click on that feelin
lucky button you guys go check out that
chicken suit i wern't you consume for
four days I was coughing up feathers for
a month please go check it out and check
it and check it and went in when you're
while you're checking it out just check
it out as you're checking it out just a
lot of check check check one two on the
microphone I'm dope chick okay love you
see tomorrow
