hey kids so what'd you think of that
movie last night
you liked that were you scared you can
fell asleep and you fell asleep what do
you think human you're such a cute
little sleeping bag tired yeah you woke
up kind of early huh man I wish I lived
in here here in Nashville Tennessee this
is so look talking about white picket
fence giant trees open land green hills
look at that imagine my kids and Zeke
running in that freakin yard playing in
that tree princess heart jumping out of
that tree that house it's gorgeous
I'm sick of living in LA I hate you Los
Angeles want to move but I'm headed to
Johnny cuffs house friend of mine author
buddy social media guru he's a great guy
he writes books two of them I've read
called quitter and start highly
recommend you checking both of them out
we shot a little video at dapper cadaver
auntie nom de Randy's office and I am
blown away by how pretty it is out here
it's gorgeous
look at that would you just look at it
the hills are alive with the fresh and
open air this is amazing think about
sledding down that hill I guess I don't
get snow though here or running up this
or biking on this this is some of the
prettiest countryside am I freaking out
I'm freaking out a little bit look at
those houses those this is like magical
mystical Dream Land there's a lake sort
of fairy this is pretty oh I love it -
there's horses goodness me oh my pardon
my language but I am blown away this is
so cool man I don't know I'm just trying
to tell you how happy I am
don't you see what I'm trying to say
this is so awesome
hi I'm so stupid I just got done hanging
out with Jon Acuff and his family we
went swimming and had pizza in the
Nashville Sun it's gorgeous here so dumb
I hate when I do that when I forget to
film and then I'm like leaving I'm like
I should a film we thought anyways good
evening it was a good night hanging out
with John and his family I'm gonna drive
up to this neighborhood that I saw as I
was driving here it's gorgeous houses
I'm gonna go do a little daydreaming
about owning a nice house one day dude
we're in the green canopy look at this I
would love to run down this road look at
it so on the way to John's house I saw
this neighborhood that looks like a
neighborhood of mansions as you get
older one thing that you like to do is
go drive around and look at real estate
I remember when I was a kid my mom and
dad would always want to go around and
look at houses and me in case you'd be
like this is soft this is boring but now
as an older person you just enjoy like
going and let's check this place out
right here these things are like on an
acre lot these giant grass fields these
giant mansions look at this I want to
live in a neighborhood like this when I
grow up it's so pretty and peaceful out
here it's cool coming to a place that
you've like never been I have no idea
where I'm at
Tennessee right now I assume close to
Nashville because that's the airport
that I landed at but I have no idea what
this neighborhood is or what city I'm in
think about all the people and the
memories that happen right here it's
interesting just to drive around to
these black brand-new places look at
that one gorgeous this area and these
houses remind me of when I used to live
in Dallas Texas and I used to sell pest
control door-to-door because we'd go
into these really nice hand
neighborhoods of these really huge
houses and I'd always think to myself
what does that person do for a living
how do they get to where they're at now
to be able to live in such an amazing
place and then how do I do that same
thing you don't I'm saying like you got
a dream you gotta look at things that
you wish you could have and believe that
you can have them get those kids out
there live in that sweet house and I
remember always used to like being walk
around trying to sell pest control in
these huge mansion neighborhoods and
think how can I get to where I can live
in a place like this I look friendly
wait lady just waved to me she probably
cuz it's really weird that I'm filming
now they're probably calling the cops I
gotta go Majan rolling down that hill
with your kids or ice blocking huh and
you've never been ice blocking this is
probably really boring to some of you
but these houses they're just treating
to me it's exciting I don't know what it
is and then check out this view just
like overlooks these green rolling hills
this someone's like a castle this creepy
it was kind of creepy a little bit
creepy filming people's houses John gave
me this book called love does by this
guy named Bob Gough who is like a lawyer
and this does all these really great
things for people like helps people out
and it's cool to be around people who
are working hard for their dreams you
know people who are willing to work hard
and achieve something in this life do I
sound preachy when I say that I'm not
trying to preach like you need to work
harder I'm just like trying to give you
hope that there are great things in this
world and you can have them
anybody can and there are definitely
obstacles to overcome
you know I've learned that since being a
youtuber there's definitely different
opportunities if you live in America
than if you live in other countries that
don't have as many opportunities but
don't let that hold you back I promise
you there are people in this world who
have had a lot difficult order in that
house
a lot more difficult circumstances than
you have and they have made something of
themselves so you can have all of this
one day I promise all right you know
what I'm gonna go knock on this door I'm
gonna go ask one of these people what
they do to get this house guys thinking
should I do it
checkout knock on the door and see what
these people did is this crazy why not I
mean look at that that looks like the
castle of Canterbury what is that
I'm doing it I'm gonna go knock on this
door and say what did you do to get this
house this is crazy
he's ready I'm just kidding this one's
empty I thought I would come peek in the
windows this is for sale you got a
lockbox on the door because I was one
floors now this is definitely creepy
definitely creepy that I'm peeking
through windows is cool maybe we should
buy this house honey
do you want to live in Nashville let's
buy this house it's for sale what if we
did well if we moved to Nashville would
that be crazy I could live in this house
look at the view you see the view here
and let me see if I can focus the view
out of the back window is that view of
those rolling hills that I was showing
you guys earlier okay I walked around to
the backyard look at this thing you know
find a backyard like this in Los Angeles
imagine Zeke running around full speed
down these hills
isn't this fun guys we're house hunting
together we're on a mission to find a
house what if we really did move to
Nashville I've been telling Colette I'm
like let's move back to Idaho I just get
sick of being in LA and having to pay so
much for rent we've been looking for
houses to buy and they're so expensive
that it's discouraging cuz like can't
afford it you need a million dollars not
even joking you need $1,000,000 to get a
three-bedroom in LA
cool I gonna come
little man solder sugar day so what
happens when you have cupcakes for a
refreshment Scouts mom didn't really
control them before they went full
throttle to the cupcake place runs right
now yeah it looks like you had a new one
to do have a good one and a yellow one
you got green mouth I'm so funny okay
dude tell us what you learn today I
learned some history about you you're
awesome what you have to do fitness
trainer and exercise school you learned
a lot about nutrition and you're
chomping on that gum so that you're not
tempted to eat pet pics on things like
mom where's the gum come here and show
me what you made over here that's the
last Scouts of the year and we're just
excited to see what the boys have done
I'm proud of him for earning the neutral
about loafers now that daddy couldn't
okay this is what he made me lunch of
birds and let scripts like popcorn
lentils kidney beans black beans also
the most
so say he's a bear but in December more
and then that baby can move up to that
and then I'll be a Boy Scout and you'll
be gone you what okay no the missing
frosting who's on the case of the
missing frosting somebody help us hey
guys thanks for watching today's video
be sure to check out yesterday's vlog
the 1 2 3 & 4 and the feelin lucky
button is a little different today I
address an issue that came up yesterday
when I mistakenly said that if you don't
believe in God you're stupid and that
was stupid of me to say if there is a
God I'm sure he wouldn't want me to call
anybody stupid because he is all loving
so I apologize to any of those people
that I offended yesterday and I should
not have said that check out the film
lucky button I have kind of like a 35
minute open conversation about God and
how I don't know that he exists so check
it out we love you guys please thumbs up
if you smiled and we'll see you tomorrow
