the kids are super pumped today baby
chart is having such a Minh a look at
you she got to wear her pajamas to
school and bring a stuffed animal
lucky and she chose to bring her
beautiful grave and here's rockhard he's
ready for the last four days of school
you just take it off doing his own thing
come on do it the bell ring where are
you going beep you're looking for if
they're also independent maybe her it's
the only one who likes to hold my hand
at school anymore like old man good
morning from Nashville Tennessee yeehaw
giddy up partners howdy buckaroos I am
traveling through the great state of
Tennessee and it is gorgeous with a
capital G for green and gorgeous so I
just landed I had a red-eye flight I
left at midnight and got here in
Nashville at 8:00 a.m. and Colette and
the kids I headed back to LA I'm eating
Corey Vidal here in Nashville to
interview Dave Ramsey for the
documentary I tweeted about it last
night and some people are like why are
you interviewing Dave Ramsey Chinese
he's not a youtuber well he is my
favorite guy in the world so why
wouldn't I have him in my movie duh no
he's gonna be kind of like our financial
expert kind of talking about you know
how these youtubers not only are
youtubers you know entertainers but
they're also business people being a
youtuber is a full-time business you
work for yourself all these youtubers
that you know and watch are entertainers
not only but they're also entrepreneurs
and Dave Ramsey is an expert when it
comes to finance and entrepreneurs and
stuff like that honor honor
entrepreneurs also we want to talk to
him about how these youtubers are able
to make money in what is considered like
a down economy I wanted to talk about
how he is a social media Facebook
Twitter because a lot of you guys you're
gonna watch this movie this is what me
and Cory always talk about and we're
making this movie we want you guys to go
to the movies but we want
you take your parents a lot of your
parents don't understand what this whole
YouTube thing is about and Dave Ramsey
is a good person to kind of give
perspective for you know all their
people I want to call them all other
people but no for parent aged people
parent sized folks to kind of understand
what this YouTube and social media and
Twitter and Facebook thing is not only
kids are on it but Dave Ramsey who is a
financial expert huge business leader in
the business community also uses these
mediums like Twitter and Facebook and
all these kind of things so I'm excited
to see his take and sit down with him
and ask him some questions and it's
beautiful here man I just was like a
little stressed like I gotta get there
we have an interview at 11:00 it's 9
o'clock kind of traffic I'm a little
stressed out but I just took a breath
and that spot hit my life five years ago
I was in a truck driving granite to a
house I didn't want to be at and had to
carry these granite countertops and just
have those like little reminisce these
little moments of perspective
calibration you know perspective is your
perspective is how you look at the world
if you look at the world in your current
situation like oh I'm late and it is
okay it off here actually or do you look
at it like man I've come a long ways and
I have lucky and blessed to be doing the
things that I'm doing and then you feel
like oh this is great oh this little guy
I almost called him a little guy he's
he's a big guy yeah you're just kind of
big you're even grown out of that kennel
this is the largest kennel the pet store
had and look at him he's too long for it
this is ridiculous well me me alone and
got a big nose hey are you gonna give
him kisses him get this Oh fine
underwear boy so I heard the Zeke was
playing very hard all weekend so he had
a blast well wasn't all weekend it was
just for one night but he had a really
great time didn't your little bud why do
I keep calling you a little you're not
little at all I love you like mom and
we're missing daddy so much when we went
to pick up Zeke we got Zeke and rockhard
was like sick sick sick and then he was
mommy we gonna pick up daddy now I was
like oh
sad but no dad will be home on Thursday
but I'm excited because he's been in
Nashville interviewing Dave Ramsey for
the documentary I was just listening to
his radio show and it was just funny to
know like Oh Dave Ramsey radio show and
Shea's there right now like listening
there live it's cool you know how our
worlds just kind of connect like that
it's awesome all right I'm headed to
financial please please that nervous I
gotta admit I'm a little nervous
Oh bother even though I've met and hung
out with and talked to Dave Ramsey
multiple times I still am nervous to go
here you know what I mean to get those
nerves I'm excited but nervous and now
you wanna you know you want to be your
best self you want to portray your
smartest most intellectual being that
you can and not be a financial piece
Plaza okay dude hurry and eat your mac
and cheese it's time to go you like a
mac and cheese and mac and cheese
reading his car's book watching
Curious George life doesn't get any
better than it does it rough hard dicks
that's cool you like that do you like
Curious George I love you now we're
getting ready to go watch sunt are his
performances today since it's the last
week of school the third grade is
performing I'm pretty sure they're
performing with their recorders but it
was one of those things that sometimes
like Momo I think it is I don't know so
I had to like do some research I try to
find out when his concert is because he
doesn't ever tell me things and he
doesn't ever give me the papers that
he's supposed to have in his backpack
where are they kids anyways we'll be
going to his performance shortly okay
we're here in the studio Alex carpenter
you are a very lucky man it's the big
desk dude lives are changed every day in
that scene my life is being changed
right now I can tell you look handsomer
thank you Oh No maybe okay okay guys we
are in studio where Dave Ramsey does his
show you guys remember I was on his show
a couple months ago or whenever it was
and it was a year ago when I came around
the National Marathon but they've
changed it they just remodeled it cam
looks amazing and the charge of this
place
softer he's so diffusions he's diffusion
in himself
diffusion it's got to be soft no harsh
lighting no harsh lighting charata that
was very exciting very soft so here's
the shot there's me in the shot hi
there's me there's a Latisse sitting in
for dave ramsey dave gets here at 11:00
and we have an hour to interview him and
then he has a show at 1:00 Kent stepping
on him stepping on the stage I'm gonna
sit in the chair and spot is this Dave's
chair and look
Scripture of the day even though I walk
through the darkest Valley I will fear
no evil free are with me your rod and
your staff they comfort me courage is
resistance to fear mastery of fear not
absence of fear oh I like that
okay so I am here sitting in the seat
where Dave Ramsey changes lives every
day one call at a time we're gonna talk
about your life and your money that
somebody says in this show oh no that's
what he says okay so Dave Ramsey tells
the story of a billionaire friend that
he have because you're Dave Ramsey you
have billionaire friends obviously for
obvious reasons and he topped this
billionaire friend and he said hey
billionaire friend I don't know the guys
name just go story his name was Shay
Carly I was me but he said this is like
an older wiser gentleman who Dave Ramsey
looks up to and he says that this guy is
somebody who he wants to become and he
asked this billionaire friend of his
what can I do to like follow in your
footsteps to become like you it's like a
book I can read or what's a piece of
advice give me a piece of advice before
you pass on and you know take all this
wisdom and knowledge and money with you
we can't take your money with you that's
it a little side note anyways the
billionaire friend of Dave Ramsey said
there's one book that I can tell you
that will change your life that will
make all your dreams come true so Dave
Ramsey's like it's got to be the Bible
or something like this and he has right
here and it is none other than Aesop's
fable The Tortoise and the hare that's a
secret slow and steady wins the race
never give up persistence what's it
what's the the theorem the momentum
theorem yeah what is it object in motion
will remain in motion no talking about
wall down it's a crock pot not
microwave right crock-pot semi equips
now a focused intensity over time equals
unstoppable momentum multiplied by God's
power if you believe in God some of you
don't cuz you're stupid no chica the
comments come in now yeah so that's it
man you never give up the little
tortoise he beat that hair that day
because he didn't quit and it's right
here I love what Dave brand he tells
that story now just looking at the books
that he has on his bookshelf and that is
one of them right there alright that's a
wrap I can't show you because Corey will
yell at me I wanted to film during the
interview but there's rules because we
want to enter this into the film
festivals of the Salt Lake area yes no
we're uh yeah we're submitting this as
you guys we've told you this before we
are submitting this to the Sundance Film
Festival so one of the rules is you
cannot show any footage of the film
before because it has to be the premiere
at the festival they have these crazy
rules so Dave just got finished how'd
you feel about your interview Wow
it was amazing this was fun you guys are
great it's funny it's time flies it's
like very conversational always good to
get to hang out with che he he called us
soul buddies I'm definitely making sure
that goes in the movie no it's even on
my way here I'm a little emotional
because I haven't slept in like 48 hours
because I was just in Oakland and I was
like Oakland no well I was I took a
red-eye here and I was a little stressed
to get me getting here late but I was
like I'm still having those moments of
like five years ago I was you know in a
granite truck and it's still cool to be
here even though we've hung out a few
times and I you was on your show in this
room who knew you were gonna call my
show and then it would end up in me
being on your show I know well just as
you were talking I'm sitting over here
on this little Pelican box thinking like
this is another one of those like life
moments one of those seminal moments
that I look back on if you like and the
Dave said this and anyways
okay we're not actually making a film
this is all just for this is where might
you go I'm gonna watch this watch this
in my basement in my underwear over my
ego alright that's a wrap on Dave Ramsey
do it again
ah this is so good I love it okay do it
again that's good that is the same tune
isn't it
you lights yeah there are lots of
traffic light good singing bro a square
yeah their signs are squares huh hey hey
you're a really good singer dude you're
a really good singer you should keep
singing K the school year I'll feed you
bite it down by the blood by the house
yeah there's a house over there with
this square hey I will I will I'll tweet
it Facebook yeah join us a fellow for
you okay give it to this guy he's
professional Mike Connor we just shot
with Dave Ramsey for a documentary that
were working on got set free oh yeah I
called it and I got free and now we're
kind of friends dave has a phone here in
there Plaza look at their kids and they
have people come into this into the what
is this applause ax and the lobby that's
where I was at the park and then they
talked to Dave on the phone Dave is in
here in his studio and they scream more
debt-free
dude there's tears silent tears are
out this for you
you're not that free well then you can't
yell that for you can't do it remedy I'm
gonna call in and say I'm debt free you
should when you get everybody know like
right now no that's just chinois you
can't my check I'm like I'm gonna take
credit card you better have a credit
card there check yourself before you
wreck your imma throw your phone on the
ground I'm gonna buy a new one with my
credit card also another little known
fact that I was telling these guys Dave
Ramsey does not accept credit cards here
if you buy any books or merchandise at
his Plaza or online at his websites he
does not accept credit cards that's
putting your money where your debit card
is your mouth is we're dead
it's not hard it really is
and Julian the guys from
yeah
that is wrap that is how you do it Dave
Ramsey all right you guys thanks for
watching check out yesterday's vlog we
go to Pixar Animation Studios the
opportunity of a lifetime we got to see
where steve jobs created Pixar and the
building that he built and why he chose
the flooring and the Apple stores and
all that crazy stuff check out fill in
lefty button what we're doing one two
three and four years ago and I love you
and I have to go back to Dave Ramsey's
office for meetings all day today I love
you see you tomorrow
