hi I'm logging here give him a hug give
a big hug
oh hey rocker I go give Mike Wazowski a
hug
yeah he's the best scare at Monster you
and M you give a big hug rock card even
big hug oh that's sweet
he just read in and says I want to see
Mike and Sulley
they are prove it I don't believe you
how do you know they're made out of
Legos oh if you look close yeah you can
tell the whole thing made out of Legos
what up woody there's a snake in my
boots oh yeah you're right how long
think it takes to put that pic together
yeah kiss woody just like would you
would you rather date woody or Buzz if
you had to choose would you date well I
would say I'd say buzz is more like me I
don't know the big chin I have a big
other things like bellies yeah big
muscles and check it out it even says
Andy on the bottom of his boot if you
look really close huh I was wondering if
it would have that every detail rock
cards none on some Pixar bacon mmm yummy
very breakfast here at Pixar animated
studios and Taylor Swift is having the
egg casserole baby tired what are you
eating muffins muffins and more muffins
yummy oh that's easy you can do that
maybe you drop my enemy
don't what do you want to do oh sorry
Taylor Swift next Taylor Swift and her
back against Europe see your song right
no I just eating bacon she can't sing so
slippery
yeah it's going to be a senior if you
can't perform on the spot on demand okay
finish your bacon and then I want to
hear your rendition of 22 hey guys let's
go Jason Bieber I'm Ricky the designer
cool it's me hey Jason I got a lid I'm
Rick I guess with you hey Rick hello hi
Ali
I mean Kentucky kittens hi no no no come
on high five high five high five left
five behind-the-back watch him do
something no just like everyday or Pixar
as head director thanks for having us
here cool we love the movie okay watch
it has nine gears clarion you guys might
know some backstory of the characters
yeah yeah do you guys have a favorite
character yeah who's your favorite
really yeah as your favorite Rock River
- so Jason as a character art director
and he's in charge of all the characters
in the movie and I was in charge of the
entire look of them so I kind of ran the
department so if the movie looks bad you
blame me
he's badly director we actually worked
on monsters incorporated
oh I was one of my first first kids here
you sorry and so it's like being
repainted with old friends again coming
back together right yeah I've never
stopped drawing once
all time that's going to say yeah like
seven years or something even dude okay
and then it was really hard because it's
a prequel where we get to see Mike and
Sully younger it was really hard to get
him to be a younger version of
themselves because it's like how do you
make an eyeball 18 years old yeah you
can tell by looking at them if you don't
actually do a direct comparison between
the Mike from the first movement is the
new movie he just kind of looks like
what you remember of Mike Wazowski but
we actually did a lot of things to
change the way he looked me him a lot
skinnier you can tell we made his legs
longer and skinnier kept his hands and
feet big like a puppy dog puppies start
with a V magna go into it to weigh all
his wrinkling and all the blemishes and
we made like a brighter color green and
we also made his horn short with the
idea that maybe it's going to grow
throughout his lifespan but even after
I'm doing all of that you know if you
don't look directly and just hammered
without the comparison you can't really
tell that's what the what we heard when
we showed it to our big boss John
Lasseter's and he's like you guys
honestly I can't really tell the
difference
so we had the figuring that we needed to
do something a little more obvious or
just hit hit on the head a little more
directly that's why we end up giving the
player a retainer in braces ways really
just you really know right off the bat
but this is the younger Mike we did for
Sulley we did the same thing scaling
them up guys you gain weight when you
get older yeah almost don't be touching
me it's cool to see his height 7:6 do
you know he's a big guy it's like how
big is he that was always official
height yeah yeah that's why we're trying
to make them the BMOC the big monster on
campus there you go Jessica put them
without like direct comparison to make
some human references yeah yeah exactly
no balls thanks Chris talked a bit too
is being able to go through a human door
right you know if they're too big they
can't squeeze through that
well Jason did this piece here
it takes about two and a half years to
develop something movies constantly
changing in terms of story there's all
these different designs that we can
actually tell you a story about a lot of
movies we just see there you got
reprints on there where two years are
the work Wow broken toe yeah you nailed
it as far as like yeah like the elegance
but the creepiness at the same time is
every time you hear her little legs
going up the stairs and stuff kinda give
you that creepy but all that I feel it's
like good like little spiders or
something in ten years I only work out
to fill the left oh yeah the last the
last ten years always and it's a labor
of love and it's weird you know it's
funny when the movie comes out I'm super
excited for people to see it but the
weirdest thing is when you work so hard
on these characters and then you see a
kid holding your life all right or one
of these new characters it takes a life
of its own honestly where is this
everyone's looking at I know I'm lost
lucky you guys were here with Kelsey
he's gonna show us some cool stuff story
supervisor monsters University so I ever
see the story department I get a drama
it's pretty fun run the film for a very
very long time some departments come on
for like six months or a year I've been
on for four years so a very long time so
I kind of rewind four years ago we start
just like anybody else starts are
writers or painters big blank scary
empty campus it's the scariest thing
I've ever liked see so we try to do is
get beyond this as soon as we can we'll
just draw a whole bunch of ideas and
Panama we'll look at those drawings and
it's kind of improv a little bit kind of
reacting off of everybody oh that's
funny what if you did this I that's
hilarious
but open it up a lot of ideas are going
every once in a while there's like
there's it's dead and so usually we just
look up and just draw the person across
from us so there are all people that
like worked on the film and then we go
oh that one's good that one's funny
take that one combined it with that one
and that one didn't really work but that
one's great and then that informs the
pages then the writers will go write
that into the pages so it's a lot of
back and forth it's difficult to do a
prequel because you know the ending you
know
how everyone turns out in the end so
it's hard to do any surprises we can
never put my consulting in a life for
our death situation for too long
you know like with Mike everyone knows
he's not gonna be this scare but what if
we started the movie with him like
really wanting to be it yeah well every
time they would say you're not scared of
it yeah buddy's funny and then he turns
up that's even better than being scary
so without a yeah yeah exactly that's
how it we're exactly what we're going
for so I have a question you've been
working on this for four years now how
many times have you seen this movie
essentially it's funny when you say this
movie if you say how many versions
that's what I mean yeah like you see cuz
when I edit a video it's like I feel
like I've watched it hundreds of times
you see like and then you cut parts out
and I'd have to say we've made probably
five complete versions of this movie
look really different from one of them
Wow so this will be alone you know it
changes and grows at a final film I
probably seen three times but I've seen
the movie like yeah over and over and
over so when it comes very different
from one another how does that feel as a
youtuber like we make stuff and it's up
like a day or a week later to work on
something for four years how is that
gonna be for you on the day that it
comes out are you gonna go to the
theater and just like sit in the back of
the theater yeah to me I feel like
that's the point is to show it to people
there's nothing better than sitting in a
theater and have people react the way
you wanted them to react yeah theater
it's really it's a great feeling people
laugh when you wanted them to laugh
right it's the worse when they don't
you're like there's just a lap right
there we made that we thought that was
funny exactly so we try it we try to
change it before it comes out right and
we have a lot of internal screenings by
internal I mean like we show it to each
other you know there's a thousand people
that work here and so we screen the
movie to a group you know every couple
months so we have those moments were
like that totally bombed to get rid of
that why did it bomb why is no-one
carrying I got I got a pen just like a
sharpie it reacts to and draw right on
top of the screen and if I if I do it
really like it doesn't really light I
push really hard it doesn't really like
black yeah it's cool so we use this
program called pitch doctor it's kind of
an in-house thing that we use the
storyboard
that there you say where's my Mike he's
about to create a much that's getting
like going here somehow walk up to the
line the mics have kind of a circle so
I'm just gonna animate the circle
walking up to the line one two three
see how it works like yeah in the frames
start you know so so he's walking up let
me get him standing here he's really
happy to be here
so there's Mike really happy he's got
his meu hat you know we want him to be a
little underdog we thought oh let's give
him a big giant backpack you know and
he's really like happy to be there perky
I love that his arms and legs or yeah
happy yeah not like he'll oh cool I'm
here just happy and eager so we'll do
that a lot well like you'll actually
like pose your stuff out you'll have
your roommate like stand up and like do
this pose so it looks like yeah then
we'll sketch it
I loved how small his arms are but he
has these huge cases that he's carrying
around yeah feel like you know again
he's a small monster in a large monsters
world so anything we can do like begin
my tiny backpack that doesn't support it
I'm gonna be giant one it totally does
getting barely like yeah this is just my
first pass so I don't need to make it
look too beautiful or anything just
enough that you can see what's going on
so you can tell it's going on yeah
welcome oh yeah I didn't over render
anything I think it's all I'm not
drawing line yes yeah here you go here
you go waiting for that the hole that's
good that's good all right we're gonna
draw Mike Wazowski whoever does it gets
an internship at Pixar you better do a
good job on the big screen so you can
see me okay so everybody thinks that
Mike is just like a round circle he's a
little more complicated comes a little
bit of a point kind of like an egg does
start at the top like this comes down
and around so comes a little bit of a
point there it's easier you can always
draw straight into it oh dude half
that's good alright oh yeah you're
looking good that doesn't look like mine
that's okay you did a good job okay
ready
back to the drawing board
next page start over buddy got to Labib
or draw little baby horn trying to
little triangles at the top good yeah
yeah you leave the center white if you
want shut up your own
let's see your style there you go
what's out of winning so are like up
into the air okay who wins which child
do I love the most today years I'm tired
still he's still working on his mics
yeah I think he's creating his own my
yeah yeah okay let's see the finished
product
this is baby tards Mike Wazowski son
tardes
princess tardes okay who wins which
child do I love the most
today years un docteur director still
he's creating his own mine is coming up
with his own creation thanks a lot so
much yeah good to meet you guys
thank you nice to meet you too have a
good rest your day yeah enjoy Pixar bye
okay so the you got a co-director Dan
yes what do you think rock artist
we are here with the director of the
film and rock art has decided to take
over its chair well at this if any
consolation he does taste this car I
don't know if you guys worked on cars
movies oh yeah he carries that with him
everywhere he goes the merchandising is
working then he's been watching the
originals monster Inc for the last two
weeks over and over and over again look
for mistakes that we made he has been
prearranged there's some continuity
errors she wants to talk to you about
good my question is I feel like as a
director or something like this that
you've worked on something for five
years like the most exciting thing would
be like just to go to a random movie
fear just go buy a ticket this this
movie that you work and put so much time
into you're just go sit in the back and
just kind of like I'd be a fly on the
wall
listen do you do that I haven't yeah you
did we'll do that this time and just go
in the back kind of couch how it was
with the reaction yeah the movie
strangely comes out my birthday
Jennifer's yeah so I'll just be in the
back of here little happy listening
laughing ah yeah while I worked on cars
first cars and twist or three
co-directed mater that go side which is
short cars they gave John Lasseter and
this and then I worked on a Bug's Life
Toy Story 2 master zhang Incredibles
this but yeah in your well is it really
these really rich celebrities movies
that makes us watch over love yeah
where's mater
yes
usually two parents are usually colleges
right sorry gonna be so good I know
you're kidding is better to see any day
a Pixar movie with your kids than
anything else I'll be those little jokes
it's like oh that's just for us sure I
mean like that's definitely over the
kids had and it's like these little you
know smart things that's like they call
the producer here yeah oh yeah
there can be so much reminiscing of
parents of them when they went to
college
sure see all this stuff I don't know
yeah so I was like making it I totally
want to go back to school for a minute
right I'm in return wali on campus and
yeah yeah we did that we did we walk
through campus amazed at all the college
students like him friendly young where
do you guys go to college up to a small
school liberal arts school called
Rollins College in Florida so yeah you
have a dream job I would say I mean for
people that want to do what you do like
you don't go to some big prestigious
university ya know not saying that know
and I didn't study film either actually
oh really now here you are just yeah yes
study coffee there you're like Mike was
Houston Olivia took that like different
route together that's right that's right
a lot most of us did that's the
interesting thing we talked to a ton of
people here at Pixar and you know we
talked about anime ters who
the animators so I kind of joined up
here while I was in med school Wow and
then one of the production designers one
to be a professional baseball player
yeah and that didn't happen and they
realize I like to draw after college
went to art school so a lot of most
people have that kind of security
throughout and that was kind of the
message of the movie about it was really
to have hope for when things don't work
out which sometimes happens and to be
open open your art mind to other
possibilities
his resiliency was great never could and
I love that and the opening scene was a
kid who saw that from you know the
original one like when he was on the
front cover of magazines that Marcos
face yet still success yesterday shop
that you know like that back sort of
Leah's kid and I was trying to get a
partner nobody even be with him but he
was still cool with it yeah yeah I
thought that was really good lesson for
the kids especially with bullying it's
Jeff now a lot of kids have to deal with
bullying right I see that he was still
I'm ok with it you know I still know who
I am and I still know what I want yeah
Bryan dad
all these jerky kids are gonna affect
you no question
oh yeah I love that ending in a montage
where you got to see that walk their way
out right to where
what does that lesson teach it go that
you can tour you on it just going to
take a long time yeah work right
perseverance there was one part what's
that he has questions
oh absolutely who's your favorite hair
you do like pink oh yeah you a librarian
school - yeah is that makes it nice
thing stuff you're doing go get him
whoa check it out it's the Incredibles
that's me I call I'm the dad don't pull
his ear you know what I'm excited to see
it and that I've never ever seen in real
life and Oscar look at that you guys
that is a real Academy Award - Finding
Nemo Finding Nemo won an Oscar oh that's
a real Academy Award do you guys work
hard and you're actors maybe you'll win
one of those someday look at all these
Oscars they have like ten of them in
here The Incredibles ratatouille what's
that one four right there it is a wall-e
Academy Award - up best animated feature
film of 2009 down that's so cool you
guys that's like the greatest award you
get as an actor or a filmmaker or as a
baby target a monsters University sign
you are look you and Mike Wazowski smile
how's lunch at Pixar it's really good
mac-and-cheese really cheesy
sontar let's see what you got all the
kids got some choice Mike Wazowski these
guys have a little army going on over
here
interesting fact about this place is
that Steve Jobs had a huge part in
designing this entire building including
the flooring apparently he loved this
fluorine so much this fluorine is in all
the Apple stores any Apple store you go
in has the same fluorine it's not cool
what's gone
what do you do when you're done eating
lunch at Pixar you play basketball at
Pixar animated Studios they have
everything here there's a swimming pool
over there they have a beach volleyball
court over there there's like a garden
grass place to hang out and run around
it's like an oasis it's like its own
like theme park here we've had an
amazing day we got to meet the producer
the director you guys saw that and like
basically the creators of this film it's
amazing bum bum bum bum buh buh buh
possessed ball yeah I'm fun he's
becoming very demanding no give me mine
what's going on here push the start
what's the game are you picking teams
here no everybody has to pick one and
then we're going to play somebody you
picking so Lee all right son tired I
make this you owe me ten bucks okay ten
bucks I make this ready here we go get
in there all right come on baby tard run
well it was a very memorable day here at
Pixar Animation Studios we enjoyed it
and it looks like we have some departing
bye-bye now bye-bye now a lot of fun
monsters University cool alright let's
go okay you guys just sit there like
gargoyles for the rest of the day let me
just say oh my goodness gracious great
googly moogly that was awesome hands
down one of the coolest opportunities
and experiences and memories that my
family and my kids will ever have being
there on the Pixar Animation Studios lot
and seeing these people who have poured
their lives and time into these projects
you heard them say it's a labor of love
and it definitely shows the movie was
amazing be sure to check it out it comes
to theater near you June 21st our kids
loved it I guarantee you I will see that
movie at least 10 more times once it
comes out on DVD and rock card is
playing it on his mic pad thanks so much
you guys for supporting us and being
here and watching the Shaytards logs we
appreciate it if you haven't subscribed
click on that subscribe button here's
the end slate we have multiple
entertainment options for your faces you
can check out yesterday's vlog if you're
feeling lucky we have a surprise video
for you right there and see what we were
doing one two three and four years ago
today we love you guys so much and so
glad that we had this opportunity that
we can share it with you guys and we'll
see you tomorrow
