hi I'm logging here I have a new son his
name is Zeke tard put your arms out Zeke
tired let's see those arms
hey nice arms bro hi my name's usar oh
sorry we her team demanded to shut our
mouth with this hunter pretend like
you're talking for Zeke alright so we're
going to church but first we have to
drop off ezekiel at the doggy daycare
because immediately after church we have
a flight to catch the san francisco san
francisco we have a very exciting trip
today we are headed to go to pixar we're
going to watch this new movie monsters
that comes out June 21st in theaters
everywhere I'm excited because Rock
tarde has been watching the first one on
repeat a million times the last couple
weeks and you know I love the first one
because boo looks just like princess
tart Bishop is that age oh I love it I
was asking you
dude I wonder if boo will be in this
next one I wonder I damaged I think this
is the college years oh right this is
before or yeah think about that they'll
introduce new character yeah oh man I
wanted to see boos she was my boo yo bro
you're kind of messing up the mail yeah
we're gonna need to send those bills out
and you're really kind of stretching
them up close pause she couldn't pause
their biggest money man what I just want
to see what we're going are we going to
my doggy daycare oh I hope my friends
Ralph and Emma are still there I had a
good time with them last time we talked
about the economy and Obama's
administration the tax fraud that's
happening in this nation it's really
pitiful I can't believe they allow that
to happen at the IRS that's exactly what
yes what is sink is wicked what is it
where to go to Baja Fresh you wanna go
get to lunch
- where's my carne asada bro I ordered
it they said I'd have it delivered
Malakai
well we first had him remember I was
holding up my lab right here right in
that seat you just put his head on my
chest like there's no way I can do that
now it was like a mommy moment see you
later
have a good time I move it over here
we're here I'm excited we're going mommy
oh yeah oh look at him here he goes
his they'll put what are we doing
Addison princess art is pretending that
she's Taylor Swift you guys you really
literally under you really literally do
you understand that we are flying to San
Francisco to go watch a movie you guys
live quite the life I gotta say we just
got out of church check out this outfit
I'm wearing in here mommy tart but you
guys do I look weird I got the Hat tied
with my shoes I think you look really
handsome because we're trying not to
pack so I'm trying to bring all the
things that I'll need on my body I'm not
going to check any luggage
so Carrie I think you look great babe
okay memory and our flight is at 3:15 so
we need to hustle this is a very
interesting airport terminal it's like
we're going on some ride at Star Wars or
something just winds around down to the
airplane Taylor Swift eye on your big
tour you excited should we tell them
what happened
princess card where we're going August
23rd no where are we going on August
23rd friendship Oh baby tart is going to
be seven what are you gonna be on August
19th six six I don't even know how my
kids are so I thought I would buy the
girls some Taylor Swift concert tickets
are you excited yeah sad a free birthday
when I going to see the Taylor Swift
concert huh August 23rd Taylor Swift is
coming to the Staples Center and I
bought the girls tickets I got the whole
family except for rock art he's in there
now but I figured he wouldn't enjoy
Taylor Swift and his here and this much
as he would Barney or spongebob so he's
going to have to have to get a
babysitter for him yes all like scariest
George Oh
Curious George ethical yeah see was all
of her songs hopefully she sings
everyone in her repertoire every time
she ever broke up she's gonna sing a
song free though pretty much every time
she Rose about relationships it's
annoying do you hear that Taylor Swift
it's annoying no offense but it's not
annoying no offense but every time you
write it's barely
and I'm not my rose right now Taylor
what would you rather Taylor Swift wrote
a song about by like trucks cool things
reading books
basketball key matching Taylor chef
writing a song about karate basketball
books karate maybe right alleys with us
find a sign right it's time for the
official airplane hug we've gone from
touching the airplane to cuddling with
the airplane for ultimate safety
centered can you top that can top that
plane hug oh that's soft and sweet baby
turn what do you got oh that plane can't
help but to be safe now
oh that's a cool basket baby in a basket
so different in that movie
baby in a basket it's my baby in a
basket though I drink your milkshake get
him out oh do your stuff you're like
Moses and the River Nile your brother's
gonna save you Aaron's gonna save you
out of the basket oh yeah a nice job
we're in Oakland California I'm not sure
we're at at some sort of area where they
have restaurants and PF Changs bistros
and we're getting ready to go the movie
before that we are climbing on
waterfalls and getting in baskets and
such a baby tart singing Bruno Mars sing
it for me
should it gave you all my hours he held
your hand what wait whoa
you'll fall in the water looks like you
fell in the water but you didn't excited
for this movie oh yeah think of all the
good Pixar movies what do you got
picture up you know what's my favorite
well the little shorts they have yeah
they do have really go stories
what are we talking here Finding Nemo
classic up toys lassic Toy Story series
classically wall-e I said okay Wally
contest you go
Oh Molly better quali so we're going
right now a thing I love about these
movies is they have adult humor don't
cuss weird stuff but nothing you can
stop that's smart
you don't mean that kids that go over
the kids heads jokes are like oh that
one was for the adults okay I'm watching
your trick better be amazing go okay she
has high heels on and she's standing on
her that was amazing yeah just step on
where the Red Fern Grows right there two
dead dogs lay right there and a lot of
people cried over that book and you just
stepped on that plant there goes rock
face I'm out of here where's the popcorn
I'm excited to see the movie well mom
you can't catch me
I'm going to monster University family
ever
what who sassy me so really get some
stats on you we're chillin at sass
what do you say you're putting Europe on
the rock when you hear rock tart you sit
there should it gave you all my hours
and may dance here's our taxi to the
movies hoping it up dude get in that
taxi there you go tell them to 1200 Park
Lane Pixar please can you pop the trunk
I got to put a stroller in there
thanks man sir do you think they have
licorice at the Pixar lot they don't be
hot yeah I just want some red vines bro
hey they're both my dad's favorite it's
a popcorn popper
oh yeah
you love popcorn don't get some popcorn
at the movies Oh Livie sounds good that
okay Hey look at me show for the camera
me log me vlog me you guys I'm not even
joking and you're not gonna believe me
but rock card just said I will vouch for
it oh my gosh mommy card doesn't lie
what did he just say mommy oh good I
love this he goes dad on the vlog this
he just said that get your finger off
the camera it's a first rule against
vlogging no fingers on the lens bro
I'm just look he's just purposely put it
back on me oh it's like oh yeah I'll
show you yeah cuz he wants to see don't
show your mommy there's mommy okay no
more vlogging you're a bad vlogger
you're making the lens all dirty there's
fingerprints everywhere
oh okay yes we would like to come into
the Pixar Animation Studios oh yeah it
should be under Mike Wazowski get it oh
this is rock hard and baby tars to the
movies yes okay
Steve Jobs building Steve Jobs building
that's when we're going Steve Jobs
bless your heart man we love your
bellies I've been waiting for this
moment I saved up our money to get
tuition for monsters University what do
you think say it's a good
Mike Mike Wazowski somebody's excited
you're a monsters University dude you
better work on your scarin want to smell
the roses that's what you got to do in
life sometimes just go to all the roses
hey baby turn go kick that big ball over
there see that big ball go kick it
really hard yeah you love you your
children are paying a paralytic
you're gonna call Oh recognizes
this lamp that's cool one of the very
first animated Pixar things okay let's
go you guys are like let's go she wants
to climb on top of it the Steve Jobs
here we are at the Steve Jobs building
that is pretty cool man
oh thank you look at you you already
have a nametag your official Pixar Legos
bus and woody made out of Legos that's
awesome
don't touch him he might shoot a laser
at you and that cool I got some pictures
of this somebody's excited about the
cars he is so excited look you don't
touch his tail he's gonna bite you you
did a goodness now yeah just getting
these people's picture yeah no problem
honey will you get your kids please get
your kids he's so excited
that is so cute
got some major bed to bed jump on going
on right now these guys are
professionals these guys are on their
way to national champions scored almost
flawless in the prelims of the bags of
bad classic and now tomorrow they're
headed to the championship I'm so proud
of them for all their accomplishments
hard work and dedication they have
really pushed it this year in practice
and in training they have really passed
oh wow that was synchronized sit down
right now sit down oh oh hey what's up
what do I think of the movie oh I don't
think we can actually say specifics
because only might ruin the movie but
how do i scale from one to ten they have
to see it what's not fit oh good point
so you guys liked it yeah you look funny
first nine why why not a 10 it was good
better half that's pretty good night out
it's a nine and a half out of ten
sounded bad writing for a movie baby
Darden what are you rated and then ten
and a half out of ten that's pretty good
miss nale okay let's go right now we're
going swimming let's go swimming oh we
just saw the movie it was really good
Pixar never disappoints I don't think
they have ever made a bad movie it was
funny it's one of those movies that you
can watch over and over and over again
because they pay attention to detail
little tiny things one thing I noticed
there was a part where there's mom was
like the
nerdy kids mom was at this event he's
like hi mom and she takes this picture
of him and she has one of those
disposable cameras you know that you
like buy at the grocery store or you
have to wind it there's like that little
wheel in the back like where you wind it
and it's like click like one of those
disposable cameras just like the audio
of her and that having that camera it
was amazing so I definitely would see it
again and I recommend you guys yeah kids
wouldn't appreciate it but see ho yeah
there was definitely those moments I
said it even before that we went and saw
the movie there's those adult joke
moments not like they're inappropriate
but like little things that kids just
wouldn't get what you were gonna say
they said that we're gonna go swimming
okay let's go swimming and then of
course like always at every single hotel
we've ever visited we have to go
swimming at the pole we had such a good
time today Pixar as amazing you guys
know that already cuz you've seen their
movies they asked us to come out here
and check out a screening of this new
Pixar movie monsters University it was
hilarious
another hit for Pixar it comes out June
21st you guys I'm sure we'll all see it
it was hilarious the animation is so
clear there's a few parts I'm like wait
a minute is this real not I mean that
sounds silly but just like some of the
shots they literally looked like this
campus a lot of funny jokes check it you
guys will see it or have a huge day
tomorrow we get to go back to the Pixar
a lot and they're gonna give us a tour
and show us how the movie was made and
give the kids like all is like gift bags
and it's it's been amazing so we think
the people at Pixar at what an
opportunity thank you guys for watching
our videos you love your faces check out
yesterday's vlog film lucky just check
it check it one time yo and as always we
will see you tomorrow
