hey one takes Sunday here we are in the
Oakland Airport there are birds did you
know that there are birds in the Oakland
Airport don't touch those they are
extinguished and by extinguished I mean
extinct don't extinguish the extinct
fowl I'm out of breath and playing
defense on my suitcase
and I wasn't in the paint for more than
three seconds baby tard where we at what
are we doing we're at the airplane what
are we doing here at the airplane what
are we doing we're just walking uh
you're miss Captain Obvious aren't you
we are here Hart is on the walk evader
walking backwards are you doing the
running man little girls looking at you
weird pics are maybe you've heard of
them maybe you've seen some of their
motion pictures they make I don't think
honestly think about it what do we got
all the Toy Story franchise monsters
University which is what we're here to
see oh yeah all their little short so
they have anyways they invited us to
come out here and get a pre-screening
that means before it's live nationwide
in theaters near you to go watch the new
monsters movie monsters University and
so we're going tonight for a private
screening what do you guys think about
that Pixar is flying us out to go watch
one of their movies a prince is hard I
mean Taylor Swift princes hard tell us
what's been going on today with your
Taylor Swift did you write it on the
plane different lyrics
you stole the music you're in trouble
anyways so we are here and then tomorrow
so tonight we're going to see the movie
monsters University here switch me I'll
take him
sorry go ahead down the escalator and
then tomorrow we're going to Pixar up
the lot and they have
sighs hang out all day not leave sorry
Rock tarde is watching the movie is that
it that's not a picture animated series
you can't watch a young man he slept the
entire flight here we just got out of
church our church got out at 2 we
literally said Amen and ran from church
to the airport so I have half church
clothes on half normal clothes I have my
Jordans that I just got some new Jordans
I just got and fill my belt show my belt
change into your Volcom well sundar did
cuz he was in the van but I was teaching
the lesson in church so I didn't really
have time I've got to focus there we go
focus some tire what are you most
excited about for this little trip that
we're doing the movie be excited for
this rock card has been watching you
know just the regular monsters movie
like over and over the last couple weeks
Mike Wazowski ruptured the mice Wazowski
no not feeling it
okay huh all right any last words we're
here
like mother like daughter
whoa go out there and do a little strip
dance for me
go do some sort of pregnant dance come
on I embarrassed myself in the airport
you have to get three people to dance
with you go you have to get three people
that down to the you ask that gentleman
right there come on a quick video chat I
like that lady she was laughing she was
laughing come on three people you can do
it a beautiful pregnant woman asked me
to dance in the airport okay okay baby
turkey go down to there
good answer there you think collect can
get three people to dance with her in
the airport girls you have to get three
people to dance with you guys they're
walking by go this guy maybe no he was
filling the rhythm ya know that to be
three strangers does Ali count as one it
doesn't count Prince's start here's it's
some incentive princess card for every
person you get to dance with you I'll
give you a dollar I mean look at that's
like unlimited dollars here how the
chicken dance it's a great chicken dance
you are definitely achieving get weird
looks in the airport listen to this if
you get every person you get to dance
with you I'll give you a dollar so if
you get five people that dance with you
I'll give you five dollars
look at these two kids these two kids go
get into dance again hurry don't be shy
you want to be what okay one person I'll
give you five bucks if you get one
person to dance with you one person you
have to ask them
baby tire doesn't count you got to find
somebody look there's some two girls
right here
princess card there are two girls coming
right now just ask them to dance with
you say I give say I get five bucks if
you guys dance with me I figured yeah
dollar wasn't gonna do it
hurry why do their friends hey how about
this kid coming for discard
it's that kid right there all right
you're gonna miss that on your dot
you're five bucks opportunity let me
know you gonna do it Ali
I'll give you 20 bucks will you do it
yeah yep 20 bucks okay do it
let's see it 20 bucks okay oh we got it
we got a contestant we got the
contestant thank you
nope sorry she beat you yeah it was
whoever did it first you could have made
20 bucks any mom will has a little kid
to do it all right good job you get five
bucks congratulations
all right so we're getting people to
dance with us in Oakland you guys are my
dad's yeah - I understand I understand
we're getting the Oakland Airport right
here's University and I left half of our
bags but I did get the kid okay
put it in a club who's he tomorrow hey
son heard do the running man running man
us out of here
he's taste is easy peace
