hi I'm logging here did you find
Superman should watching this over no
hello do you want to be Superman hey
Superman I love you hey guys oh I love
you I love you rock card you're my
sweetheart
hey did you know mom's gonna have a baby
what do you know mom's gonna have a baby
died well there's a baby in mommy's
tummy right here get in the tummy it's
still confusing yesterday I told him
that there was a baby in mom's tummy and
he lifted up my shirt and he looked and
he was like confused he was all gone
I'll figure it out eventually
so we're just getting ready to go to
some meetings today me and the girls
have some meetings at maker so getting a
bright and early to go to meetings and
rock art as always is finding some fun
stuff to do on his own huh you need a
friend to play with that's why we're
having a baby and then by the time he's
ready to play you'll be going to school
huh can you just look at me for five
seconds spider yeah oh do you find the
Hulk and spider-man you know who's the
coolest superhero though your dad your
daddy's on your shirt to say beard I
guess a big still it's really dirty Oh
Eddie pretty I love that one and that
one and that one hmm and then amazing
how Gaga girls can get over makeup and
so fun it's true we're just getting
ready we hadn't need an excuse to get
ready today
anyway I've gotten myself ready for a
while let's be honest was the last time
you guys saw my hair girl
no pretty and I happen to have some
extra time so I was like I'm like are my
hair today I'm gonna do it yeah well
I'll comb my hair bottle Marty sweat
pants I don't work this - I think
sweatpants are in hey we all have like
five pairs of these yeah Detroit secret
it was inviting footpaths cuz we always
are wearing them everywhere we're not
gonna buy them anymore unless you give
them to us yeah they're for my god
they're I Spit on real pets it's true
listen we're shopping this is what I
want to say to you guys I love to wear a
cute bikini top I don't care but I want
a high Q high-waisted bottom I don't
like - no those are so cute but if you
guys have any suggestions on where I
could get that I don't know any helmet
Twiggy I feel like oh yes I wasted two
padeen except I think I figured out a
place she figured out why she's where to
find where they - oh my I'll let you
guys know these are the best for your
kids backpacks all right together but
you can beat your shoe put them on the
door I am actually on my bunk beds you
can hang them on a door but I think my
mom is about this and then it's I'm good
I know I was thinking as Cooper was
being a brat I pinned him by this I need
one so happy I got so much in they broke
and then they have them back here target
how cool that's a really good idea
don't be afraid to self check it's
pretty fun stinky I'm nobody he's Oh
crash - nobody wants a sneaky armpit
friend that hugs you and then leaves it
on your home don't be one of those if
you guys should check each other stinky
are very anti lyric theater shy
thank you how was your day I was just
reading comments on my new vlog from
today and Casey commented saying that
laugh haunts me at night just giggle he
misses it what's up beautiful
I agree to those terms and conditions I
was doing crunches last night and Carly
thought on this couch it was late the
lights were off they're married they're
in love whatever like Kaylee was
sleeping over and I was like did you put
a cup up against the door so you can
hear it like yes I started a new thing
where I'm gonna do crunches every night
before bed because I figured that'll
help make my stomach tight so I got this
little device this little contraption
this little thing what is it and I did
five hundred crunches last night and I
was listening to my headphones and I
assumed that the girls were asleep so
like doing crunches and Carly assumed
that we were making a sweet sweet love
we don't do that
hey smell that smells like maple syrup
oh hey Cory no I wouldn't say that yes I
haha Canadian joke hahaha but nice Cory
slides really dressed for California
then stress up really hot here I wear
shorts and flip-flops
yeah that's what I wear what you were
don't touch the key as plea treatment on
yeah like you like flea treatment yeah
that's your thing it's what helps keep
myself alright of course I was I
thinking Kaylee do my they would see my
freaking foot started itching today it
was infested that makes my head in there
no I'm it except for eight thousand
please eight thousand please have taken
off we got lice we got fleas our pets
heads are falling on what do you get
Eugene price mom give me those I am
really probe dental hygiene my man say
thanks for the toothbrush mommy what's
in here any good stuff any candy what
would it be decided you how kids brush
their teeth it's like okay I'm done so
we got we're using the spin brushes from
now on hey dad always does a better job
seriously why are you so gorgeous well
because I clean the house way to the
hair balls your wife video oh is that
true listen I scrub the floors every
freaking day I'm tell you
there actually is in the Mormon culture
they say the more that you tracked on
your mission the prettier wife is track
team means like knocking on doors and it
sucks you know you hate it when
missionaries show up to your house
Saturday morning at 10:00 a.m.
missionaries don't like it either like
having to knock on doors and convince
somebody to change their entire life to
follow a different religion it's not the
funnest thing to do but in the Mormon
culture they say that the more tracting
you do on your mission the prettier your
wife is so guess what I tracked it every
day in the rain that's what one guy said
to me well after I came home for my
mission and he saw that I was dating her
he said you must attract it in the rain
yeah plus I like hot chicks oh that's
why I married her because she's hot
she's a hot chick rock card I'm getting
some advice some life advice go out with
hot chicks they're hotter look at that
cotton candy sky you can't really see it
through the camera but it's like a pink
deliciousness who's ready to go see the
movies we're going to see after earth
with Will and shade and Smith and rock
art is out which may be good this might
tear traumatising hey we're over here
guys guys we're over here the dough this
way come towards my voice then you'll
find me when you get over close to me
just keep coming towards my voice hey
have you seen rocked heard I lost him oh
wait there is okay oh I've misplaced him
for a minute but now I found him you're
so smart
you brought the blankie okay let's just
leave him come on you guys I got tickets
to the movie he'll be here we get back
come on guys let's go
No wake up look he wants to see the
movie he told me don't use your leave me
here no cool guys not cool what's going
on over here let's just do you think
you're famous on the internet doesn't
mean you can stop eating our tacos
what's your name
vana they watch our videos thanks for
saying aye sivanna women that's cool
look it's corey vidal he's making the
documentary
shake his hand now curtsy curtsy curtsy
we're not hurt seeing do it look Francis
starts curtsy no rock guard you're not
supposed to curtsy you bow or punch
things okay we just saw after Earth
what's the consensus awesome are you
scared
pretty scared got a good message I like
the message about fear as a choice kind
of goes along with my happiness is a
choice motto right the star would you
think oh gosh so slow right when the
monster jumped on the candies in the
cave princes heart jumped in my lap and
screamed it was hilarious gory thoughts
number one I jumped into your leavens I
did I was like Corey my daughter's
sitting here you're on top of my
daughter oh yeah right I the dreamscreen
marygreen screaming I hate that one in
the movie you're like oh that's
definitely a green suede notice it kind
of takes you out of the film it does
yeah you really really liked it also the
nori took place on earth couldn't they
have his films right a big waterfall oh
yeah it's creeping it uh it wasn't I
mean Corey said it best like I wouldn't
go see it again but uh it was pretty
good but you know what I would recommend
watching over and over and over and over
again is Shaye beer the mocking new
episode uploaded just this morning every
single Saturday morning we're bringing
back Saturday morning cartoons right
here to you on YouTube please check it
out you guys click on the fill and lucky
button if you're feeling lucky
then you're feeling friendly to me into
my beard and shape yard and the boat
Malakai which is Casey my brother
episode 3 just went up today I think it
might be one of my favorite episodes uh
next week I am almost positive is my
favorite episode just after all the ones
that I've watched I think episode 4
might be my favorite
every Saturday morning we're uploading
brand-new Shay beards please go ahead go
check it out
I've been hanging out there in the
comments leaving comments go thumbs it
up and help us get a season two we have
plans to add Colette and the kids and
the whole family to Shay beer we just
need these first episodes to do really
well so that we can afford to do a
season two so please help us out share
it with your friends and family anybody
that you know who has kids if you ever
were a kid check it out it might bring
back some of those happy memories of
your childhood we love you guys we will
see you tomorrow for one take Sunday we
are actually traveling somewhere
tomorrow and it's a secret surprise and
we are really excited we'll let you know
tomorrow
because we make a video every day that's
what we do okay that'd be bye
