okay we're outside show us your soccer
ball I see your soccer ball rolled it
out in your hand let's see it
you found a pink bead and he keeps
calling it a soccer ball right that cool
soccer ball dude okay let's go we gotta
go pick up the kids are you doing you're
gonna drive the car
oh that's a bad idea
come on let's go what a beautiful day
you guys so nice in California I love
Idaho and I love it when we're there and
I always miss it but I love the weather
here it's just so warm it was really
nice night over the first day that we
were there and then I got rainy and cold
and then I was like okay I wanna go back
to California and what I had to work
hoped it was ridiculous someone found
the stick again come on stick man you
gotta go are you going now Oh God he
hits the tree with the stick all right
let's go little man it's gotta go
through the jungle first and then we'll
get to school eventually eventually
we'll get there dude how was your field
trip what did you do and what you do
there did you like it if you want to be
in plays
well we got right here but we you we
have baby charts just got a text from my
mom this is hilarious come look who's
still alive did mom show you check it
out who is it
tell the people and the vlog whooping it
is the night before we left Idaho
princess art found this little tiny
Mouse and she named it peanut and this
is peanut on the computer keyboard of my
mom's computer and so she went out in
the backyard and put some like crackers
and cheese next to it and I thought that
it would have frozen to death because
the night before we left we went out me
and Princess Chart it was like midnight
she's like dad can we go check on peanut
so we went out and it was like basically
she said it in this pile of grass
clippings that Logan had just throw it
out in the backyard after he got done
mowing the lawn and peanut looked like
it was frozen it was barely even moving
and she kind of touched it and it was
like twitching and like barely moving
so I told princess hard I said honey I
don't think peanuts gonna make it
through the night but we'll check
tomorrow morning and then when we left
the next day we had to leave at like
7:00 in the morning to go to the airport
she ran out there and checked it and he
was still barely alive
well the next day Cooper came over and
went and checked on it and brought it
inside and it's still alive so mom my
mom grandma Tarte has been sending daily
peanut updates to princest are excited
he's still alive maybe she'll keep him
alive when we go back for the fourth of
July you can play with him would that be
cool if she like pet him and like held
him every day so he became tame and then
he became like your friendly Mouse oh
yeah and then we'll kill it because I
hate mice well gonna call her and ask
her you know how to call grandma huh
what do you do how do you go find her
car contacts you find blah mommy wait
come here I wanna hear I don't hear this
conversation put on speakerphone okay
we're calling hi grandma
yeah I was going to ask did you wanna
sit inside or outside well instead of
being a chicken lady you can be a mouse
lady now mom could you love your
granddaughter mom you should like hold
it and pet it every day so it becomes
like your friend it can be like your
friend Mouse what do you tell your
grandma thank you so much for taking
care of her when we go camping with her
we'll bring her and she'll be so excited
cuz it would be the story of peanut
continues look who got their yearbook
today's I mean you're graduated from
third grade I didn't really sign your
yearbook - any girls - what would they
say I think you're amazing who wrote
that
Mangala fool what else wait a minute
what is this I like you
says Abby who's Abby is she cute do you
like her what does this mean I like you
like as friends or like romantically
call me up this summer wink-wink
nudge-nudge ha I don't know
well you gotta read into this dude you
think the wink-wink nudge-nudge got a
girlfriend dude I am not even joking ace
have a girlfriend named Abby don't tell
your mom about it okay okay let me see
your picture is your picture in here I
want to see my son where are ya
look at that handsome gentleman right
there are you looking good dude third
grade man this is a better yearbook that
I had in junior high in middle school
this is huge
are you in any of these other pictures
in the book look handsome dude there you
are on a field trip this is a very
moment just keepsake dude you got to
keep this remember all those good times
you spent in third grade with Abbi oh
did you get her number bro no better get
a number a whole the New Age kids these
days they do electronic email now what's
your email I can't tell you okay keep it
yourself well that's gonna be hard to
email or if you can't remember it
princess tart is in here using her
keyboard that we got her for her
birthday I just taught her how to use
her fingers because the keyboard
actually teaches you there's like a
little graph on there with the fingers
and the keys and it says like one hit
this key so let's watch getting it
you're learning so it shows you right
here there's little hands it says what
finger do you use then it shows you on
the keyboard which key so let's so show
us a little example thumb is the first
one pointer is the second finger okay
play with something okay are you already
tell you what one
now you're over here right there one no
no you're over here actually there you
go - two second finger
no yes second finger to for fourth
finger three third finger good
- second finger three third finger for
fourth finger - second finger one
no look they have to move your hand see
see it to move your hand to that one
yeah to hear first finger right there go
there to pour fourth finger
no that's the third finger fifth finger
where is it find it on there on the
graph
good okay now it's gonna do that again
so it teaches them like one part at a
time you have to use that corresponding
finger with the key it shows you on here
it's pretty cool you practicing we
talked about having Danny Richards give
her lessons but we've just been out of
town and busy but she is pretty good at
it I was showing her and then I was
watching trying to do it with her and
she was picking it up faster than I was
and Danna said because she did babysit
them one night and she taught her a few
songs Danna said that princess Hart
could pick it up really fast we just
kind of like get her into lessons and
get her to do it
Hey Hey so we're just out for a little
walk together I'm trying to teach him
how not to pull on the leash it's the
first time we tried it it was like
hopeless I'm like he's never gonna learn
because that's all dogs do is they pull
right before a dog his size you can't
pull or he's gonna drag me down the
street every time we go for a walk but
he's getting better at it it's a process
training your dog is a process do you
guys think he looks bigger the kids were
like oh my gosh he's grown so much I
don't think he looks bigger than the
last time I saw but they said that he
grew in the kennel he's a big boy huh
what do you see that's a gate border go
get him
teach you Matt okay Little Miss princess
let's see you climb to the top of that
Tower
let's go Rapunzel you think you can make
it to the top this is a tall tall rope I
think it's taller than the one they have
at gymnastics I'll be impressed if you
can make it to the very top dude I'm
already impressed Center go send
underneath so they can see how high that
is down there and put your arm up in the
air
keep going eat to the very top all right
- she is cruising up that thing almost
to the top you got to touch that bar
slap that bar press have
I just heard people on the bike that say
well look at that little girl get to the
top and slap that bar good job
made it I don't even know if I could do
that I'm gonna try that next that is
high I didn't know how high that is
it's probably 20 feet good job
princess tard baby tightening you can
make it okay let's see how high you can
make it good job that's impressive
I said that's impressive that's
impressive all right that's baby Lucas
is turned
can you make it I don't know let's see
climb to top of that rope there he goes
baby tard she's only 5 years old
keep going keep going you got it you got
it little this baby don't come to the
top of the tower all right these guys
just said hi to us on the beach state
your names Yoona Robert and you're from
San Francisco how long from Berkeley who
see they're smart people that watch the
Shaytards act we just graduated actually
do Congrats would you graduate in dude
you guys should just get really good
jobs in by Shaytards merchandise
tomorrow I'll be in tomorrow's episode
no way thank you I appreciate it
you're a magician
oh no way so make your girlfriend your
wife let's see that trick you guys it's
funny that you should ask I will tell
you I I just felt like princess charges
then I don't know I she's goofy and
adorable right so I'm headed to the
airport going to pick up Kayleigh and
Carly they're headed into town for just
a quick trip if some meetings and stuff
we need to go to so I'm excited
like something's wrong with me I haven't
had a new sugar I swear it I don't need
sugar I'm just naturally happy I'm
logging cars it's my turn and there's a
beautiful girl in the leather pants well
it's so far the mess that's all I
couldn't just pick a car seat you want
anyone whichever one you want to sit all
right let's see this and she's high
whoo nice don't bring your pelvis good
yep huh
Oh
here's ready yep it starts gonna do a
trick one okay yep I got it co2 dive on
Tiger he's in a dive bomb them
get him rock guard get him get him get
him
Oh get your foot kick over the face
helicopter get him
good job show that you're going
Pacey
do not let your wife our Saturdays at
9:00 a.m. what are you guys laughing at
sir laughing down the most hearty laugh
it's like identical okay so I'm not
you're gonna do it okay sometimes gonna
go smash your face
hey everybody you stick your face up
against the window alright that's the
day we love you guys let's do tomorrow
don't forget to click on another video
and I'll tell you I'll make you a deal
I'll trade you a thumbs up for that
smile on your face
