hello I just want to tell you that I am
Shane's sister and I just want to
introduce myself
these are my glasses to reshare and this
is just my cousin she's also Shane's
sister so we're like both alike but we
I'm sure these glasses we were wearing
right now my name dream is dry sauna and
with German for Allah yes her name is
Pharrell and my name is Josiah and Shane
is my brother and I just want to
introduce you say thank you I am not
affiliated with those two weirdos roll
the intro for a long time
actually okay
every difference you might see it so if
you're lucky maybe I'll get ya buddy boy
on the airplane Oh what do you want
on the one my boss is Zeke or go go home
and see Zeke can give him big hugs give
a big hug Stacy
I love you
our little travelers all Zonk tout ready
to take a nap looks comfortable I wish I
could sleep that good on an airplane
we're here
bleeps easy that weird have some candy
busted all right where to start thinks
she can get this suitcase which is a 50
pound suitcase so let's see this
happened okay so forget it
get it
don't helper dude she has to do it
herself she gives up oh man
gotta bring the man in to get the job
done good job dude hey what happened she
doesn't want to talk about it don't feel
bad that suitcase weighs more than you
weigh I couldn't pick up a suitcase the
weight as fat as I was that's a big fat
suitcase
look at that mom has three munchkins it
live in that suitcase all right let's go
home oh all right I'm going to get Zeke
all the family's excited I like dad go
get see go get Zeke so I'm headed to go
get them and I'm excited because I got a
bunch of new book on tape I guess we're
not book on tape they're book on CD cuz
you don't really have tapes anymore but
that's like the term book on CD book on
tape sounds like more more like the term
that you use what would you call it book
on CD
what kind date I don't know it's a book
but it's an audio form so I don't have
to read it I can just listen to it
that's my secret to dealing with the
traffic in LA at a second that we landed
like every time I fly into LA I look at
all the cement and buildings and houses
and it's just like civilization as far
as the eye can see there's no forests or
mountains or anything and it's
discouraging because you get off the
plane and then you get into the LAX
traffic and it's like odd so congested
there's cars everywhere but this is my
secret this is what I do I listen to
books on tape while I Drive so instead
of dreading the 30 to 40 minute drive I
have ahead of me to go get Zeke rat now
that's Ricky right producer we're just
talking about the podcast and how the
circumcision podcast did really well I
like over a hundred thousand views and
those usually only get like 30 to 50,000
views but the circumcision one is like
120,000 views so we are saying that we
should just talk about circumcision
every podcast from now on anyhoo zoals
what I was saying is instead of dreading
a 30 minute congested traffic drive I
actually look forward to it it's like a
nice peaceful time but I can just sit in
my truck and listen to these tapes I
love it so while we're in Idaho we went
to the mall and I just
stopped up on a bunch of new ones I got
this one called men of valor the
powerful impact of a righteous man's by
this guy named Robert el millet so I
just listened to this it really makes me
feel like I'm maximizing my time because
I just I feel like instead of wasting
time I'm like learning something and
trying to better myself so I feel like
I'm actually doing something as I sit in
this traffic anyways I'm excited to go
get Azuki oh I hope he's happy and
healthy and I hope he had a good time
I'm wondering if he isn't looking bigger
to me it's been five days and he is
growing so fast right now it's such a
rapid rate that I want her to look
different to me excited to see him how
can I come right now is it weird if I
framed this no oh you got a happy camper
report
Oh
Oh
did you have fun did you miss us we
missed you
oh come on Buffy I'm excited to go play
okay get in let's go come on come on get
in the truck get in the truck he's never
jumped in the truck before come on let's
go get in the truck come on come in this
too hard daddy help me okay come on up
yep and we're back home in Los Angeles
sorry about the short vlog today Colette
and I were wiped out after traveling the
night before we flew home we thought
that our flight was at 1:00 p.m. the
next day but then when we looked at our
email we realized it was at 10:30 so
instead of leaving Idaho at like 11:00
in the afternoon we had to leave it like
6:30 in the morning so we'd stayed up
late the night before because we didn't
think we had to wake up to like ten but
then when we found out that it was so
late
bla bla bla long story we are exhausted
and we just came home and slept the rest
of the night we'll be back on the
regular time and regular schedule
tomorrow it's a pretty good little vlog
we're just traveling home nothing
exciting happened trust me check out
yesterday's vlog that was a good vlog my
little brother Logan McKay 55 graduated
high school I remember the day that he
was born I was a ninth grader in junior
high and I remember going to the
hospitals watch him be born and come
into the world and I remember that day
so clearly and it's so incredible to
actually see him graduate so I've been
there his whole life I love you little
brother and we're excited for him to
move out here to Los Angeles to live
with us for a few months check the fill
and lucky button see what the Shaytards
were doing one two three and four years
ago oh actually you got to click on the
four years ago button because that is
right when we're moving to Los Angeles
it's been four years it's so cool to go
back and watch my little family's
journey on making the decision whether
we should move to Los Angeles or not it
would be so cool to go back in time four
years and tell myself don't worry Shay
everything's gonna be okay cuz I was
terrified to move out to Los Angeles
California
this small town in Idaho I was just a
little small-town boy I had no idea the
events that would transpire to lead us
to where we're at today with all the
success of maker studios and how YouTube
and all the places that it's taking us I
was terrified as a father and a husband
to a wife and this three little kids the
small family I was so nervous that I was
leading my family down this path of like
destruction like we're gonna move to LA
and all this crazy bad stuff is gonna
happen and we're gonna be broken I was
terrified I really was and you can't
really tell in the vlogs because I was
always act excited but I really was
nervous about what would happen with
this whole adventure so go click on it
check it out the very beginning of us
moving to California and starting this
big journey you can see and I'm so
excited for the next like month of
videos
hey rocked our what are you doing doing
the end slide get out of here you crazy
monkey floaties eek rock card say see
you tomorrow she's Maya
