hi I'm login here Laurie used to always
say when Logan is in high school and
then we graduate we're gonna be so old
she thought it would be like well in
wheelchairs today's the day today is a
day I remember that because it was like
Logan was like a last kid because me
Casey and Carly and then he was like
little strug's stranded along later I
remember mom thinking when he graduates
from high school he's so old but we're
not really that old 57 Oh dad why dad
that's old maybe I'm gonna go another 30
years 30 nice you ready for this dude
ready put your head on let's see that's
so goof you don't you don't have mess
your hair up well yeah I'm not sure over
all the years why they haven't come up
with like a cooler graduation we're like
a snap at graduation
oh that's a good idea graduation invent
that if you invented that and started
implementing it throughout the nation
weird heck yeah yeah cuz like what is
this it's like you have a square on your
head
hey you've went to 13 years of Education
put this square on your head
congratulations Lee our white trash and
don't really just kind the culture
behind this because heavy means there's
a lot of name okay I don't know what it
is either the four corners of Education
health knowledge arithmetic and flirtin
with chicks at lunch Oh
all right they're all look here comes a
little stud muffin now what's up buddy
boy
All Right see you later taking pictures
of the graduate mom can you believe this
you look great what do you mean you'll
have your hair comb that looks fantastic
to me so beautiful these pictures gonna
be all over Facebook within minutes I'll
smile like your hair I Oh Logan oh
you're so happy yeah you never went to
school again how does that feel I want
to go to school again though okay
it's a big day man this is one of those
life moments rocked are we better not
blink our eyes too quickly or we're
gonna wake up and he's gonna be
graduating you guys imagine if we're
still vlogging when rock faces walking
down the aisle getting his diploma I
love you buddy
this is a cool moment seeing my brother
graduate is where it happens in the
giant mini dome as they call it or the
Holt arena
I was always in choir during graduation
so I went to three graduations like when
a sophomore junior and senior I went to
all the graduations because we always
sing at it as the choir okay I'm gonna
go down the line and I want everybody to
say one piece of advice a life advice
for Logan what do you have to say to
Logan on this graduation day go Logan
Golovin okay
that's good son tired don't kiss me
girls for your mission
amen brother what do you have to say to
Logan slow Logan go Logan okay
any advice for Logan who LC embarks into
the real world don't be rude to other
people or you get the penalties I like
that what are you gonna say okay that's
aggressive
yeah hey this is the first day the rest
of your life amen to that pasty keeper
here Logan is job J OB it's time you get
your butt a job we got snuff and thanks
for the nachos frustration Haley we have
to say to Logan okay just be the best
you that you can be um dad any messages
to Logan what a mission
hey grandma what's some life advice you
have to give to Logan good advice a
drive okay here we go
the commencement speech of the 2013
Highland High School graduates as they
shuffle it proposed to scan him Roberts
gonna nut 100 big kisses from Big
Brother stand up there's Logan right
there
well good the day I dance or something
so he can see right there on the edge
unless his cap Logan wear a cap if you
notice us over there Sammis ladies
ladies ladies ladies I am John are you
crying what is your baby
Oh crying no I'm not
move the tissue mama card mom this is
your last baby to graduate high school
he's done it wait right if you've
officially finished your job as a mother
we're leaving the last kids graduated
that's here we come and you are retired
they got us a pill
from child-raising
I can't wait for the day that this
happens for us yeah we're almost there
yes we stream me do your Russians bombs
dress
we're looking at
I've heard before that this is the
largest indoor flag in North America
it's gigantic
you're not supposed to dip your in the
caption write that off for me rock hard
can't take you anywhere
your sword fighting with their caps two
Pirates of the Caribbean
they're fighting pollutes our pollutes
and ammonium spring could lose the crowd
what will the teachers do together
balloon
bluh bluh bluh
escalating balloon balloon pandemonium
from the balloon Emporium I see bubbles
over here you're already making bad life
decisions you have to just graduated Oh
No there were seven Board of Trustees
the Mitchell czervik school district
number 25 by the authority vested in me
as Superintendent of Schools
I know it's this balloon to be blue 2013
Highland High School Oh teachers got it
teachers got it teachers got it I
confiscated that book and the crowd is
booing oh they do not like it here
ladies and gentlemen okay so obviously
we are starting to get a little
irreverent here they asked you not to
cheer until after all of the but that
doesn't happen like all the little
families in the audience they're all
screaming when their kid gets announced
so we're all gonna yell movie film and
now slogans now as long as we can yeah
understand why sure
well that's crazy
go slogan so good she's first one there
head up to the stage face ready here we
go look at the cake excuse me sundar I
think you came in a little bit early on
the lucky bearer and you yelled look
there prematurely there's Logan right
there I don't know who's Oliver all
these people are it's gone through
shaking their hands let's see if we can
get him to look at us and give us that
Logan McKay's smile he's so famous for
how come the football coach well good
Oh God
oh that is cop arrested I'm gonna get
you next time boy I sing this exact same
song when I was in choir at this same
school
mr. president call me back to do a solo
Oh
I sing that same song when I graduated
cool huh no not so much who cares that's
what you're saying
all right rad will gross remove those
tassels
where did that tradition start throwing
your hat into the air through my hat Oh
grats you guys you graduated from being
parents that's your last one
did it again last one you did exit row
you're here mom throw my hat in the air
can't do anything sexist that was rude
his wife got out to try to shut it then
she jump back in but it didn't show the
chicks can't do anything you looked at
me like yeah right bro and them yeah and
then it was like on the camera now
should I keep rolling should I turn off
now right Oh like what Logan
congratulations get it right 13
congratulations
I'm proud of you and to celebrate you
get a rack of ribs or babies we got
quite a few of the ribs excited for your
cuz your which it was eat your uncle put
umbrella in some of these you yes no you
have to eat an entire rack of those
princess hard you touch that one that
one's yours eat it now
solo with the next step in your life
what are you gonna do she's Hackl I
forced a grandpa horns got by the horns
like make my behind oh my go eating
wings mostly good more dead animals e
hey lo we going to make the announcement
that you're gonna move to a Los Angeles
July fish coming to LA Logan's gonna
move out and live with us in our here in
July fit well when as soon as the July
4th trip is over he's moving out excited
I'm sure he's gonna come out to
California for a few months ok here we
are
night number two at the basketball gym
Steve is gonna demonstrate the power of
the dunk
we were what's rock you let that
motivate you get up get up get up
ah nice I was good
counted us a dunk just grab on to that
baby and pull it down a little bit
harder step set set set sets up
that's like when I used to do a high
jumping in crowd in cross country like
like and then run here we go dunk
attempt number two there's something
about those little steps it like helps
you get your timing nerves are so risen
good rock face almost I wish I could
dunk I can dunk cookies into milk too
and then whoever wins has to hide okay
I'm sitting this up to discourage people
we're gonna hide behind these pads
that'll scare the kids so they won't
come in here I guarantee it as soon as I
walk in they'll turn around so we have
all of our kids Carly Steve Casey Kaylee
my mom and dad Logan and then four five
six seven kids all keyboards we're
hiding in here I think this is like the
storage room for science and gyms I like
sports equipments in here but now
they're all going to come try to find us
in social ed C please bet right now
where's Logan always charged silicon
first see Rick Logan
squeeze back here muscles how students
can turn skis hell's getting deep in the
gym he's getting matter and we all start
to come together that's true cuz it's
like you can't be in groups to start the
stairs two teams up straight downstairs
and two teams get your heads dragged
squeeze I know how in the locker room I
put I'll go get rocked are Rogers all
I'm selling game we're kid is down the
hallway located we're here buddy found
eyes oh you're wrong card is all mine
you found eyes good job
Oh pick em up pick em up
sundered you left your man behind that's
the number one rule of the Marines you
don't leave are you guys going to fight
hide okay we're counting to 30 30 go
listen yo get America Mira Mira G
everyone s partners okay yeah we ought
to be a partners all right
so round two of sardines yes be honest
you guys did this scare you when you
came in the room yeah when you're
checking in here I'm looking at I told
before I know I thought when I was
looking like this will be a good hiding
spot I moved in let's go now different
dirty I know hasn't yet not yet hasn't
been 30 seconds give me a chance to head
on a video click on a video click click
click click click on a video
congratulations Logan I'm super proud of
you I remember the day you were born it
was a great day in my life to welcome
another brother into my family little
hint little tip if you guys want to play
sardines hide in the shower or a bathtub
and then when everybody's in the shower
or the bath tub and everybody's giggling
turn on the shower it's hilarious all
right love you guys see you tomorrow bye
click on a video and thumbs it off
please
Thompson up for Logan's graduation
present you didn't get him anything at
least give him a thumb see you tomorrow
