hi I'm logging here you guys I told you
what did I say and our 100th episode of
our podcast I said it I said it's just a
matter of time before you're gonna hear
walk off the earth on radios everywhere
here we are driving through the middle
of Idaho we know these guys Sophie
they're our friends
they're called walk off the earth Jionni
and Sara yeah she just got to have a
baby there on our radio in a rental van
that's so cool they played this song for
us live in this studio for our 100th
episode of our podcast
son targeting I'm cool now Brock tard he
doesn't care
I was cool before is how he said oh
you're the best son ever exciting makes
me happy look I'm happy
tense International sign for a pew and
you have one of these she all right
we're at the skate park Idaho Falls
Idaho this is my brother right here
what's Adams he's a crow crow face sort
of that was funny
oh yeah he's smart he's got all the gear
on we we forgot our gear in California
so I'm hope I was hoping they would to a
job but she's just go hi babe
you're so handsome you having fun okay I
wish you had a helmet though dangerous
I'm just gonna go down the little things
and just cruise around well be sure and
film Adam doing dangerous stuff for come
son TARDIS I'm gonna see I know he
doesn't have a helmet I love you don't
get them Tigers don't break your legs
we're at the skate park there we go
ready we go down this down that I'm
gonna go over that corner ready
yeah there's collect brother all right
bro let's see you write it man
see droppin snarly stuff some tard uh
just filming my dad he's skateboarding
ah hey this is really scary thing is you
guys are used to watching X Games and
Tony Hawk you follow Tony Hawk on
Instagram but when you stand on top of
this coping and you look down it's
terrifying
it's yes my butt shaken is mommy hard to
say
is your butt shaking my yep this is so
scary just standing right there and
dropping in I got this one on camera so
this would be the time you didn't that
wasn't scary
he's he was Joshua gotta get this to do
a backflip alright bro state your name
and business
hey muscles I'm gonna back ok bro I'll
see it I decided don't hurt yourself
dude that's awesome
radical Payton at five yeah get out
sweet do it again no good again do it
again do it one more time don't be
scared
well you better shot this time yeah
sweet I love you introduce your brother
just call its brother out of it he
shreds
this is McCadden in his footprint Adams
get it just grinding around the ball
that's what I got to get better at you
know we'll just like pump around the
hole like that I always fall off the
side though yeah you got a cool brother
bro trying to trick he always always
injured I think I get to live that time
stand next to Colette Colette what
happened to you why are you so sure
helmet actually makes me about six
person oh it doesn't this kid's radical
yeah no hand
I like lunch okay princess chard is
going to show us how she can do a SWAT
on the bar this is what they do to start
like when the on the beams not beams bar
excuse me Mom right awesome have you
jump on that and that's to get you ready
to jump to the next bar right I got some
honey good job okay I'm coming show me
ride this awesome Park at tothis Park in
Idaho Falls you guys ever get a chance
to come nidal Falls tapas parks a fun
place they got a zoo and all sorts of
stuff where's this giant playground
while the boys are playing on the
skatepark are you ready yeah Gracie my
trick here we go
thank you okay we're supposed to watch a
trick don't hurt anyone
oh gosh that was pretty impressive today
I'm not gonna say my butt didn't shake
though kick her in the face I think
you're dead did he kick you oh my gosh
it looked like you did oh my goodness
good job babe see em all fancy da you
look so cool what do you see in the air
he says he's little like vanilla see
those things you blow on their budding
cotton yeah their plans for the air it
was cotton treatable it's life to begin
miss supercool want to see me and rock
trucks trick I don't know it's cool I go
over there I will show you show more
trick okay hold on
let's go trickled on tight why don't
your mom love this trick but I'm
tolerating it yeah oh oh oh that was a
cool trick come on e sweet that was the
best trick ever
super weird my dad built this house this
is my home this is the house my father
built it's my house and that's my that
used to be my bedroom when I was a
little girl that you should be our tree
it's just super weird when things start
changing in your life you know like
trees that have been there for years and
years and years all of a sudden they're
not anymore
that's his life life is changing and we
just got to embrace it right the only
thing constant is change
I love to
I can break
giggles good
grandpa's gonna break it down on the
guitar now
move your boobs out of the shot I don't
mind them I don't touch me there that's
a good practice right there by golly
we'll keep working on it and we'll put
it up one of these days you know where
those flowers are came from your mom's
mom which is your grandma kollene
playing the DOS
now we're gonna go put him on her
headstone place those flowers on your
grandma's headstone this is Ellen clean
crops this is Colette's mom who died of
breast cancer when Colette was just a
little girl and she planted these lai
looks at that house and so Peggy stepmom
cut some of these off so that the kids
could come and place them on her
headstone Colette stepmom who is Peggy
Wow
she's gonna feel loved you guys put all
those flowers you ever be in here the
day that on the funeral honey is that
tough it's not a secret question we
giving her a hug that's very nice of you
here's the children there's my wife
Colette Katie some of you guys know
Callie
Adam you're the hugger to go just
skateboard with yeah we just
skateboarded with Adam that's right I
beginner you guys know Sadie does the
feed don't knock your grandma over that
show some respect show a little bit of
respect no tackling your grandma he make
she's laughing okay let's
sigit honey cops-and-robbers
singer singing let's go to the movies
this Collette sister so embarrassed I'm
so embarrassed really scares your
kickline has something to be desired
nice catch oh let's buy some liquorice
for that card here we are at the giant
movie theater well can you see me
look up there look there we are what do
you say get whatever you did dude I want
three pounds of liquorice and I want to
coke so big I can dive in it walk out
like this I already do look like that
your baby gonna see Star Trek I'm
excited teryn it was really good
yes please I think I will you're getting
a hot tamale yeah my little hot tamale
is getting a hot tamale what's your
favorite movie candy slushie a slushie
at the movies popcorn yeah I like it all
I like just a little bit of all summer
lingers um let's get three of these then
video click on the video click on at the
corner click on the video click on a
video click on a video clicked on a
click gonna click on a video click on a
video click on a video click click click
click click go to video what
