the Beehive represents industry thrift
and hard work right you've lived in this
house your entire life they brought you
home to this house as a baby and you've
never noticed that hello everybody okay
here's the situation you guys we're
traveling we are a wave I dream of a day
where internet will be abundantly
floating through the air capacity
fertile internet the internet will be so
fertile I have a blog it's exported it's
a thirteen and a half minute fun-filled
vlog of trampoline action and basketball
plan and fun stuff but every time I try
to upload we were at Collette sister's
house we tried to upload and it's at one
hundred and seventy eight minutes and I
was like it's going to take forever and
usually it fails any time I have
internet that says it's gonna take over
60 minutes it always fails at like
minute eighty four after I've been
waiting for an hour and 24 minutes and
then it fails I'm like ah so then we
drove 20 minutes to Collette's parents
house try to hear and it says 98 minutes
and we're supposed to go out on a date
tonight with her sister and
brother-in-law to go to the movies so
here's the deal we're making a quick one
taker happy Memorial Day oh happy mmm
ability or name and then I will upload
the blog when we get home tonight late
like midnight so you're gonna get an
extra video today you guys wanna know
something funny okay see this kid mowing
the lawn right now Collette used to
babysit yeah yeah yeah when he was like
eight months older he was eight months
old it was much smaller than old were
you I was in my teenager you're a
teenager and he used to babysit him goes
pinch his cheeks that's like you first
it was almost I was let's see he just
graduated so I would have been
12 I think that's when a moment to be an
adult when you go up and you see
somebody that used to know and you're
younger you like I used to babysit you
remember somebody being born and now
they're in a goal no they're mowing the
lawn it's just a neighbor kid here in
the neighborhood anyways there's our
kids they're playing on the swing look
at little rock tart over there in the
background jumping jump between high
jump auntie I'm having a nostalgic
moment because that was my grandmother's
trampoline but she lived next door when
she was alive and now it's in our yard
because she's let's say something so
this is just one quick one taker I hate
doing this heat I hate it he died young
and I don't like making the excuse not
people upload just doing one taking is
like no we're not gonna go one tag
Sagara this is lightweight I hate the
phrase hey guys sorry I didn't give you
footage today it's like shut up
maybe sure that crap day and we've tried
multiple times upload the video and I'm
not canceling the date so that you can
upload the video I'm sorry appropriate
oh hey guys what's up your mom's just
trying to make out with me did you do a
trick was it awesome did you have a cool
trick hey come here what does Memorial
Day mean to you don't say um that's not
a word I need your actual words when I
ask you questions what does a mean is
that just like I can't think of anything
to say so if I say um that will give me
a little bit of time to think about
something to say honestly ask yourself
that question why do you say the word um
does that help like prolong the
expectation of the words that are about
to come out of your mouth he's not
I'm asking camel in general where did
the word other the Allah do it
is it because you're afraid of silence
let me ask you something you don't want
to be like what if it was like dad wears
three times three
buh-buh-buh
anyways I'm sorry we are going to do
something funny get up on that table and
dance right now do the funky chicken get
on your hands and knees and sundry - get
on your back like you're a horsey
I don't care if you have a baby case
under I do get on your hands and knees
clay get on his back get on his back
like a horsey he she drives like a lady
snide setup all right let's Lucy Rock
chart and then we're gonna see you guys
later I promise I will upload the vlog
tonight when we get home from the movies
we're gonna go see Star Trek tonight hi
pumpkin do a trick for me that's a cool
trick do a trick I'm ready okay your
tricks are lame bro sorry
let's see your trick then
whoa toe touch toe touch okay okay go
Wow punch I'm watching nice okay I got
to go because if this is long that I
won't be able to upload it and I'll have
the same problem I'm having with the
other video I love you guys happy
Memorial Day weather whatever country
you live in whatever you think about war
and that kind of stuff in general at
least think about the families who are
without loved ones today people that
used to be in some of these lives that
are not anymore and those are the people
that we should you know think about
today in our hearts and just have that
little perspective moment where you
think about what really matters bring
some fresh air love you see you later
