okay get in here it's time for one take
Sunday everybody come in here and act
like you love each other
hurry up sit down
hi Sophie hi okay what happened
yesterday we didn't film any of it
dang it hey everybody
pause what they're doing and look at how
beautiful this woman is okay princess
herb hey little man what are you a
nightclub singer you looking handsome
all right it is time to open a present
for the baptismal girl you ready okay
she wanted open this last night but we
said just wait then you'll have
something to look forward to this is a
very special package to help you get
through the toils of this world follow
that's what mom uses to deal with her
troubled times why don't you take your
little vest in your tie daddy there just
pinched you it's not the reason that we
got that for you absolutely not
seriously what are you doing today
okay I want you to hurry and read that
real quick okay need to have that
memorized by Thursday
yeah it's supposed to be a scripture bag
to put your scriptures what do you think
that has your name on it you like that
and that's the biggest present of it all
see if there's a golden ticket in there
I've got a golden ticket my gosh
oh great song hey every time we can
write about all your experiences
tut-tut-tut-tut me blessings are given
to those who trust in the Lord where you
been and should get my memo to be down
here at 9:30 sharp the present opening
trouble we sent some emails during this
present opening your eyes and shake our
videos okay sounds a great idea very
special to you then you can mark it with
those sit down enjoy these opening of
presents okay church starts at 11:00 and
it is almost that time what is that
that's gorgeous
you leave it to okay see ya love you it
this is one take Sunday it is time for
church and we just decided that we would
open for two starts baptismal present
before we went to church today it was a
an amazing day yesterday I'm sorry we
didn't film any of it was we just were
wrapped up in the whole day we had all
of our family here all of Colette's
brothers and sisters and case
kailia my grandparents and there were I
didn't count I should have counted at
least 20 kids here Colette's brother and
sister has eight kids we have four kids
Casey and Caylee had their two kids
Carly had her kid and then there's some
other families here and the trampoline
was just like this pot of children and
though it was such a beautiful day here
in Idaho all it's like the perfect time
for spring everything is so green and
prints are let's actually ask her print
- sorry - Mary come here real quick
fast we have to head to church this is
one take Sunday Rock card and rock tour
got a new suit for the occasion
anything sees mr. cool beans cuz he
looked so handsome sit down right here I
want you to give me a brief overview of
your baptism yesterday and how you felt
that it went and how you enjoyed it and
all that kind of stuff you liked you
liked me that price so yes she was
baptized by immersion in a font of very
warm water it was I was surprised when
we walked down the stairs into the water
it was like whoa this is warm and then I
said a little prayer and then he must
princess starred in the water and it was
great and we sang a song our family you
guys remember last one take Sunday where
we sang that song in the shower all of
our family performed that at the baptism
there was probably how many people do
you think write the baptism Israel
that's a lot yeah the nation of Kenya
was there which was really cool what do
you think made 40 the official count
from mommy tart who is the official
official of all officials says there was
40 people so we had a little program
who else talked in your program Carly
Carly
gay little talk on baptism and then my
mom gave a talk on the gift of the Holy
Ghost
bringing Cheerios up bell rang okay we
got to go um so it was a really great
day and
good to be here with all of our family
and to see everybody and I felt very
blessed yesterday
hurry you're gonna turn back into a
pumpkin when the clock strikes eleven
this is another cool thing this is my
grandpa Eugene's grandfather clock this
is my grandfather's grandfather clock
his initials where you heat Eugene
Haynes Butler there's the Big B in the
middle for Butler anyways yes I felt
really blessed yesterday just to have
such an amazing family and to live in
this free country of America and be able
to you know worship and live and pursue
happiness and it was such a beautiful
day yesterday the Sun was shining and it
was warm outside we spent most of the
day in the backyard just sitting around
like family does talking jumping on the
trampoline throwing the football and it
was a really good day and we love you
and we're glad that you guys are a part
of our lives and that's what takes
Sunday so we hope you guys have a great
Memorial Day weekend so go out do some
fishing maybe go out and enjoy the
weather and love your family don't
forget to tell stabbim what he has
always taught her family she's never
theirs away okay
yeah seriously before just okay bye
that's Carly when she was a baby oh my
gosh that's before she turned into a
brat Oh Xena I'm making a joke she's
cute okay let's go baby we're late okay
we love you and we're headed to church
it's all about family right George
Washington sure is Shay
ah
