hi I'm log in here to sad day son tard
I'm sad are you sad Zeki oh we're gonna
miss you bud
there's a naked little baby ZQ quiet
naked baby Zeke's going to a doggy
daycare for the four days while we're in
Idaho and we're gonna miss him that's
why we let him sleep on our bed because
we love him so much
well mommy tartan doesn't really let him
so he sleeps on my side cuz oh hey babe
nothing
oh you just gave you a kiss son tart a
little lick kiss oh look at it that's
true love the delousing continues you
don't want to know I am sharing with us
with you guys against mommy tardes well
she did not want me to tell you guys
people judge when people have lice but
it's a common thing happens to many
children clothes like they're gonna say
see you gradually keep your house
dirty that's why your hair has lice in
it this is the dead lice container you
don't want to see in there good thing
I'm a crow man it's at Rhema on they
slept with it so um this is all dead
like we just have to get the eggs out
she wore those they wore those little
condom things on their head all night
long
hilarious I heard from another mom you
heard from another mother no their
mothers that really works well okay good
I really got an airplane are you ready
to go in their plane yeah are you ready
to go there please okay I'm taking Zeke
to his doggy daycare don't give him
kisses like 70 of so many dogs to play
with
it's ago am I getting all this attention
so much attention I like this attention
oh you love Zee oh that's sweet of you
remove your guys all right let's go
buddy you smell Malachi that's Malachi
that's your daddy
it's your big brother you smell right
there well that makes me sad Zeke was
just smelling Malachi's caller he's like
sniffing and I was like oh I used to
ride with Malachi in my truck
I miss you Malachi
I miss you big guy we love you we're
taking Zeke to the same place that we
used to take Malachi so this is your
this is your big brothers old stomping
grounds huh huh yeah you have a lot to
live up to your big brother had a good
reputation of this place I don't care
dude I'm just gonna vote for the chicks
about the back window yeah nothing's
better than driving down the road with a
giant dog but in your face he's so big
man you're only five months old and
you're humongous somebody likes sticking
their head out the window and sniffing
the salty sea air of Los Angeles
California
hey Ezekiel you having a good time look
there's a big bus oh cool now people get
around here on planet Earth pictures
dude
where I'm from we just run with our big
long legs on Great Dane land yeah yeah
that's the name of my planet oh I don't
know man I don't know where this place
is I just make things up as I go
right Ezekiel that's right daddy I'm
excited to be here on planet earth with
you
weird voice bro super weird he's excited
he's like we're we calling what are we
doing this is new this is all exciting
Oh jeepers I need to tag my Facebook
friends look where I'm at guys I love
you oh you're wasting water there's a
big leak all over the intersection I
don't know what's going on but this fire
hydrant is spewing water into the
streets of Los Angeles we have a giant
puddle here in the middle as the cars
drive through it's kind of exciting but
kind of bad for the environment with
these cars trudging through the puddle
rock tired I didn't even tell him to and
he just took off both of his shoes and
his socks even though kids are not
supposed to take their shoes and socks
off they but princess hearted insists
that she must take off her shoes and
socks
are you on your way to Paris are you an
important businesswoman on your way to
Paree
to do a big merger you shouldn't go do a
big merger and Laura is ready for her
travels so that her name did you change
your name what is it now you forgot I'm
a calling of murder and another
successful trip through airport security
without any events or touchdowns
I mean rub downs I mean what do they do
with Ajax no touchdown centered I told
you not to go for the field goal hello
excellent thank you
they raided the store yes you're right
gears yeah they're expensive American
Girl doll should send us some free ones
oh look at what a big boy he is thank
you
yep for the memories which memories this
is for the memories someone's excited to
get on the airplane
hurry up mom retard
I told the kids we're in the airport and
if you guys ever seen like on the
Discovery Channel when a big shark is
swimming and all those little sharks are
all those little fish swim around him I
said that's what you guys need to do
with me in the airport so it only is get
lost why I'm the big shark and you guys
just hover around me wherever I go you
guys all that's the plane
nice safety safety touch the plane touch
the plane looking at the French phrase
this beautiful French braids well
wrapped artisan is on the plane little
man going to find a seat
find your seat yet are we sitting right
here Rock turn right here dude right
here 3434 see okay get in get in there
in this way move it on in move it on in
yeah okay here so do I get to sit next
to rock tart and he called the window
seat so I guess I get the middle
hey you guys ready
Mirta Fiona what's her name Iona what's
her name lota two freakin doll's name
hey a lotus flower hello MA Paloma and
Laura are ready to fly here come on get
in your seat see ya she's claustrophobic
she's closed we're gonna get Jelena get
her out of there
get her out of there nice job you saved
her life did you play C gold on no I
didn't put a seatbelt on she do put a
seatbelt on
Proctor do you receipt Bob on let's see
Gary seatbelt on you have it on ya dad
duh we're going on an airplane you have
to fasten your seatbelt I've never been
on a plane before
what is this for you dude this is like
number 20 on an airplane and look you
got this little car he's so excited
about that's right number two where he
actually realized what's gonna bring
that where'd you find that
you got everything you did it's like
airplane material read the Taylor Swift
articles while she flies to Salt Lake
City
find where it's at all right I forgot
she's a woman she's going to Paris to do
a big merger business deals going down
in Paris here we go you're taking me
here we go we do are going fast fast I'm
about to go up in the air and look at
the ocean we've up in the air
the ocean will look at the ocean right
whoa here we go
rock the ground
not at all
airplane
there's Los Angeles
save my Los Angeles by my Los Angeles
cool III over here bored they're
watching their movies reading their
books
I don't even think airplane travel is
cool
look that's right where daddy goes
running there's daddy's running Pat's
right there see the ocean down there
that's where all the fishes live that's
where Nemo lives
Nemo lives right down there in the ocean
I love you
they're stars and here we go
those alone
get up
alright somebody else to let off his
airplane steam there's a lot of airplane
steam built up inside that little body
you can smell his airplane steam there
he goes oh we left our luggage
unattended at the airport oh he eats it
i dontoh let off a little steam yeah
he's letting off the airplane steam he
takes a fall in like a champ doesn't
even cry cook Tuffy is such a little man
here's your car no we're going this way
dude yeah I got him come on let's go get
your car
no it's this way dude luggage claim is
this way
trust me I've been to this Airport a
hundred times I know hey you guys want
to see something cool really quick talk
about an emotional meeting at the
airport there's a bunch of families over
here waiting for missionaries to come
home they haven't seen their brothers
friends sons nephews for two years all
these families are waiting for the
missionaries are gonna be coming down
here any minute just wait for this this
is going to be cool to watch if you like
people watching at airports this is
definitely the place to come Salt Lake
because some are like the most joyous
reunions you'll ever see it airports
happen right here you know what's about
to happen what's about to happen
missionaries are coming
we're gonna that's gonna happen with
uncle Logan pretty soon uncle Logan's on
a mission are you gonna go on a mission
yes
will that be so crazy when you come home
think about all of us waiting for you
and you come home it'll be quite the
joyous reunion huh
returning home from two years of service
sure
two years they haven't seen him in two
years he fighters even recognize those
kids
there's dad
Fyers grandma it's not cool you guys not
cooler seeing their families for the
first time in two years that's cool
brings me a tear of happiness to my eye
maybe that's a girlfriend maybe she was
waiting for for two years old snap all
right let's go let's go get our rental
van come on
hello - what's your name are you crying
you're crying I know you a babe I'm
gonna be happy when he comes home hey
let's go get our bags you're crying
I'm pregnant yeah we are
she's lost it your loving trick we try
to open it still going
lost it lost it look Ibiza no Renato
ah
I love you know we're gonna climb the
Idaho side of course why wouldn't they
climb the Idaho sign don't know I told
you I can't control them it's just
impossible I'm sorry
look how green it is out here right it's
gorgeous
let's just stay here NIDA ho you're
right here are these Green Mountains
it's like no you you're alive sing with
me
with the sound of music
la da da la da da da da rocked hard
Casey were trying to start a musical
back here up here Tammy the hills are
alive with the sound of music with songs
I have sung for a thousand years hills
are like the sound of music you guys are
you looking are you seeing this
gorgeousness like a weatherman in the
East Coast will see a high pressure
front come in tomorrow afternoon around
lunchtime line with 30% chance well
happy noise and Angela humulus nebulous
clouds in the shape of a casa bill on
you look Adam cumulus Nimbus and his
finger at the villa you know what a
numerous levels is that the hills are
alive with the sound of music
it's pretty gorgeous I think you're
pretty gorgeous I'm editing the vlog as
we drive look that's a that's mommy
tarts threatening to kick me in the junk
she's threatening my junk she's reading
that name to kick the junk look at this
it's gone yes it's simply magnificent
all right
so much passion like the passion so much
whoa car broker dinner time with Grandma
tard grandmother how you doing grandma
do you know what God wants hard
everybody on the shaker vlogs loves you
you know that kiss don't do don't kiss
my mom you perverts crab pots hard
everybody be sure and okay guys
I mean for the most part you're pretty
okay grandpa tard grandpa grandpa tar
hey grandpa
hard rock to our Dean grandma turns mac
and cheese it's a good eating it like a
t-rex dinosaur baby yeah yeah yeah
they've tarred you liking it
stupid grandma tell her you love her
what's Molly doing I'm gonna stomp on
that dog of Carly's well she's gone Kobe
fight him fighter fighter all right good
night everybody
lupus is wearing the weird stripe lunch
lady hat again just like dude are the
lights gaming because why are you
excited excited for the baptism tomorrow
I think the lights are trying to burrow
into your head booty shaker son tard
good night I love you hi she's going
crazy yeah what my god the light on or
off off okay I'll turn it off
can i I love you I love you daddy I'm
turning off say I love you daddy
daddy yes all right you ready baptize
tomorrow okay I love you you're making a
good choice okay bro sounds again good
night grandma
J I don't want to wear a lunch lady hat
oh you look so pretty
bring that Tim Graham Weiss cuz grandma
hard want some light start now oh
they're mostly all gone
except for the ones that are in your
hair haha okay good night guys love you
see you tomorrow hey I got a question
for you did this video make you smile
did it make your lips go hmm hmm well
then give it a thumbs up yo sincerely we
appreciate you guys watching our vlogs
we really love sharing our life with you
and all we ask is a thumbs up and a
smile that's not so much just thumb
please thanks for watching we're here in
Idaho I'm so excited it's so good to be
home and the weather is great click on
yesterday's vlog and see what the
Shaytards are doing 1 2 3 & 4 years ago
there's a little group of you like a
little Shaytards posse of you that click
on every one of those every day and I
appreciate you muy mucho but you know
what I really want you to click on this
brand-new episode of che beard is up
remember every Saturday morning a new
episode of che beard the crazy cartoon
Viking on the sea go watch it please
please thumbs it up I love you bye
kisses
