hi I'm logging here hi guys I'm just
feeling really lonely today I just I
wish there was somebody that was here to
keep me company
oh hey what are you doing here it's so
good to see you I was just saying how
lonesome I was and I wish there were
some loving faces here to greet me and
is that a solar system
I love solar systems man I wish I had a
solar system are you jealous of his
solar system how was school tell me all
about it
did any boys flirt with you your muscles
are looking buff man your bodies were
looking pretty bulging right there we
even do it's a bison tries yeah uh your
gymnastics climbing robes and punching
people go wait do you guys punch people
of gymnastics I knew it
here comes the water Queen I love the
blues I expect spritzers to shoot every
rise the lady of the lagoon do that
again Oh looks like the lady of Lagoon
what is that what are you doing do not
tattoo my wife I'm so beautiful I can't
help it how was school good what'd you
learn I learned last day of school by
the way ha ha
we are flying out to go to Idaho
tomorrow who's excited raise their hand
I've seen raised hands raise your hand
higher wit marking me with your tattoos
baby tart would join at school today
would you learn son how we tickle her
when she puts her arm up in the air
please get her please thank you I almost
can't help it when I see an arm raised
in the air somebody has to tickle it
it must be tickle that's an armpit that
needs tickling matter who just tickle it
there's an armpit expose some finger
needs to be jacked the whole night red
finger needs to be jabbed with that
exposed armpit a finger needs to be
jabbed into that exposed armpit I don't
know why but we all needed to test it I
think we've got it don't bump the camera
oh dude you just turn the windshield
wipers on great let's go let's go your
feet stink
don't get your feet out of my face
I don't build solos ah he's got kicked
in the face
all right just finished editing another
vlog and hit the export button sorry it
was late yesterday guys we had some
things to do this morning it's all right
right grandpa Eugene that's okay Shay
you're a good boy right Dave Ramsey
that's right ray that's not how they
really talks but I wanted to show you
guys this
look who curled up right next to Daddy
while he was editing his vlog and fell
asleep and took a nap oh isn't that
precious and look at my other little
precious back here who curled up next to
his daddy
oh I'm surrounded by my two favorite
babies oh hey what's up bro I'm in
trouble
hey what are you doing in there you
don't want to tell what you're doing in
there son turd do you want to inform us
what mommy hurts doing in there mommy
tart doesn't want to tell you guys
because she's afraid you'll judge us
centaur don't tell him glad you're proud
of it you white trash scumbag license it
clings on to clean here so that's what
people with dirty scumbag white-trash
lice head say right my junk what you
guys is language at least I don't have
lice but yet if I get lice in my beard
princess hard you're in big trouble
gotta get this house spic and span
before we leave right the job dude
son chard has been helping me out clean
the front room
and did the dishes it's now back to me
the job dude Oh water down that bowl
grab a rag real quick how's the
delousing coming well start raising the
head
so this is like one of those things like
you've got a big weekend playing the
baptism we're like hurrying getting
ready to stop this is cool we're fishing
or homework and now I got at least four
or five hours taken out of my pack each
time maybe the baptism will wash them
out huh Leo's a sample mom for you
access to do all we could do maybe
tartar you next yeah dude this bathtub
has turned into a toy soup my goodness
why do we have four kids again wait are
we having another one baby okay baby
wait what are you doing in here Little
Miss cook face where are you going
that's some weirdos near weird heads
this is the aftermath of the lice what
is that headband okay all right so you
guys have to wear that all night yep
okay your face you guys are weird Oh
twins life's buddies for life this is
exciting
I'm sleeping Hey okay hold on
this is only audio vlog okay I got a
show Carl oh wow light and I okay I'll
turn off you guys was it I got the giddy
monsters yeah give me one sometime it is
it is people if you saw me tweeting I'm
so giddy it's 2:35 in the morning and we
have to get up two more
to fly to Idaho funny okay listen I'm
just excited cuz I feel like we're on
vacation right now and like the kids off
school tomorrow and we're all getting on
an airplane to fly to go see our family
and I'm just I feel like we're not on
vacation till we're on the airplane why
let's all supposed to do don't you have
a lot of lifes pickin to do in the
morning huh
so I'm taking Zeke to the where is it
take care take care is that were calling
it daddy day care the daddy day care
it's the best day care around oh so
we're just going to vet and I'm giddy
because I'm excited cuz I feel like
we're on vacation and because we're just
looking at our email for the flight
tomorrow and we're just trying to decide
which time what time we're gonna leave
to head to the airport
hoping they have a car available cuz we
didn't wrap one yeah we have to rent a
car in Salt Lake City a minivan because
yeah a large car and something about
seeing all of my kids names on the email
itinerary just like it was reaiiy my
call there all of us how do you stop
laughing like a weirdo you did the snake
laughs so I was just tweeting because
I've been watching a bunch of YouTube
videos while Colette packs all burst no
that's not true no I got do it's true I
packed my stuff I pack all the
toiletries cuz you always forget stuff
she's in charge of the toiletries like
we're talking about like you guys what
kind of toiletries do you need soap
shampoo toothpaste what does this all
mean I don't know but I just thought our
a vlog at 237 in the morning you pack
your suit no do I need it Oh needed it's
on Zeke's kennel it's just sitting up
there I need to pack it bro
I need a supper bag so I'm not gonna
stuff in my suitcase well you got one in
the closet do I don't have to carry that
oh yeah I'll just buy a new one an Idaho
no you will not I need a new one
two fat for that one carrot you're
bringing your suit stop dude bringing my
suit is not a thing that I would do on
vacation Shay we're not gonna buy you a
new suit you're wearing that one freeing
to go pack my suitcase I gotta go we'll
listen okay
we love you or excited to head to Idaho
for our vacation and I feel giddy just
one but your hand is way too close to my
armpit would you get away hmm well you
know what's next year armpit not yet my
elbow in your face oh snap
you're good give it out all my face I
don't want to go on there play now I'm
excited go to sleep it'll happen
tomorrow okay well we love you guys uh
that is the vlog for today
why I wanna laugh somewhere I'm not high
or drop they're not gonna believe me I
don't drink
tell them I don't drink man you don't
drink I don't drink I'm just high on
life
hi a man can touch a woman's private oh
you're touching my armpit and it's
making me nervous are you so nervous
armpit down private what else say
something else
remember okay remember the last time we
did one of these vlogs when it was dark
uh no like moon
I think it's on a shaycarl channel we
did a vlog like this one time when it
was the middle of the night and I
thought it was fun and I thought I'm
gonna get the camera on
denne vlog right now it is fun are you
having a blast it's fun klonda sleep see
all right we love you guys we're headed
Idaho tomorrow super excited to see my
mom and to see my dad and to see my
brother and Logan is graduating from
high school it is quite the weekend if
you think about it a lot of momentous
things are happening Logan's graduating
from high school a vias ding it princess
hurt I'm like just the using the kids
names all the time lately don't know hey
sorry I don't know where that last
camera cut off but the battery died so I
figured sick of it I got a pack
batteries I got some of my backpack we
don't need anymore
okay I got well no I should grab a few
out of that box before we leave okay
anyways love you guys is a big weekend I
don't know what I caught anyways we're
excited to go home we love you and we'll
see you tomorrow yeah I mean in Slate uh
Cody and slight change and now we're in
the in slate now it's a clean slate oh
yeah we're enslaving well how long was
that clip because we kind of jammed our
faces off talking what I know so don't
really and slate
oh now this battery's gonna die check
out yesterday's vlog check out the
mystery video
hey I'll go find the last time that we
did this in the dark last time we've
logged in the dark I don't know what
channel it's on I'll go find it and that
will be the mystery video kay oh you go
watch it see if we're even funnier today
in 2013
Oh probably later then yeah it was okay
then check out one two three four years
ago love you guys see you tomorrow bye
