okay hopefully your first day of school
was good listen here's what I told my
kids here's what I'm telling you if you
see a kid at school who looks lonely who
looks like they don't have any friends
sitting by themselves that's the kid
that's gonna be easy to beat up yeah so
guys I guess what day it is
it's the first day of school and we're
doing the first hair first day school
first day of school acting like a fool
on the first day of school
you know who your sister I lost this for
that's like because I don't want knows
you're cool okay so you're acting cool
okay sir first day school eat breakfast
flashlights watermelon yeah it's just
gonna go to school today and I'm really
really excited cuz I guys break it look
at this look at my outfit I'm just
rockin let me show okay guys okay first
we have my outfit Gavin was so excited
for school just because of his outfit
it's yeah oh he loves it and then here's
here's Emmys oh never mind we we don't
have a house actually yeah yeah anyways
clothes curls lots of bouncy curls
colonels curls yeah yeah yeah Intel's
your original chewing chewing yes I am
see and we were also talking yesterday
about a bin full of chinstraps in Fulton
that was that football maybe it's in
strips oh here comes walking and dad why
do they have to have education I don't
know
is it that important yes it's very
important dude mr. handsome face first
stay at school who's been singing at
first day of school
yeah acting like a fool on your first
days who know you are we looking cooler
acting like a fool I forgot she's never
looking cool so that's right that's
that's the hypothesis I remember okay
first day school first day school acting
like know like why are we doing first
day school first day school everyone's
cool on the first day school first day
school first day school everybody's cool
on your first day school first su vs.
food everybody's kudani Badescu you got
getting hey fashion blogger
getting her makeup done craft services
are being delivered to her Oh
Thursday's goobers is Labor's unity -
you Hey
alright my boys yeah we're gonna go look
at bunk beds today be excited yeah we
want to get to a bunk bed guess what
oh good just cool all y'all you're going
to school tomorrow went to school
tomorrow yeah you're excited huh excited
shut up mom okay anyways but what are we
doing today
the kids are all at school we are going
to go on a hunt these guys want a bunk
bed
look you here's a question who's gonna
sleep on the top me cuz Dax and fall do
you want to sleep on the bottom Daxton
oh let's sleep on the top oh go to sleep
on the top what fall
there's no held out I think he's not
quite sure what we're talking about what
so I bought the top first uh-huh
Jackson seems on top well you know last
time I talked to him yeah he actually
told me he was asleep on the bottom
because he didn't want to fall off the
top which you probably talked him into
that I know he's not gonna fall from the
top because there's like a look at how
nervous you are he's still thinking
about so - no so I simple the top first
so you switch you take turns right
that's what I did with my sister and
that's what any anaemia used to do to
take turns it was it born to bore them
well we'll work it out don't worry but
that's gonna be a fun adventure
everybody's had bunk beds or do you have
bunk beds do you wish you had bunk beds
I always liked having a bunk bed I
thought it was fun yeah we'll have to
take turns all right well the kids are
back in school me and Colette have tried
to decide tried to decide that sounds
like we're totally committed eating
healthy
it's the secret to feeling good I told
you it's exercise it's both it's both
but here's the truth
you cannot exercise your way into a six
pack a six pack mean in those abdomin
those you get in the kitchen that's true
abs are made in the kitchen so I'm gonna
really try to make a conscious effort to
do a little bit better on the fruits and
the vegetables we're gonna eat some meat
sparingly you know I'm saying nuts and
green leafy things water sleep sunshine
you know it's all that standard stuff
the cliches of life why do you think
they made up that saying an apple a day
keeps the doctor away huh climber you
got a pool if you don't poop you're
gonna die think about I don't know all
right are you guys about ready you are
ready team
ah good make them super healthy guys are
the cutest things I love you so much
sharing a stool brushing your teeth I
love your loo you want me to show them
when I would like let's say okay oh it's
a look
he doesn't care I look like you look
like look you still have heart stickers
you've lasted this long you've lost it a
long time you should be very proud yeah
we have a couple other cameras since we
have this one but this one the strap of
my heart is really hung in there
good job all right you guys ready yes
let's go check out this storm let's go
see if they have what we want
all right I'm not seeing exactly what I
want yet what do you see hmm yeah I'm
not the stairs though those are cool but
with stairs not a ladder he well let's
ask an easy way out
Oh would you find a bed what do you
think Brock what do you think Daxton can
you climb that I know you can do it
well if you can climb it then maybe we
can do a ladder
bunk bed I just don't want him to pop
when he comes down oh I'll get him so
cute I love you guys
I don't know I'm still not convinced I
think I'm gonna have to keep looking
okay that's what I thought
how do I get down come here like it
gasps okay come here
come wrap your hands around my neck Oh
see me you from the bunk bed yeah yeah
okay tell him guys we finally found one
dodo that's the one
it's got stairs and it's safe it doesn't
have a slide but you know what that's
all right hopefully we'll get a slide in
the backyard one of these days we have
to get a playground at our backyard I
really want one as well actually put two
things okay it kind of does sound that
way okay anyway it's not that I punch
faces that much in my life oh my god
I've never pushed buddy anybody in the
face you guys come on okay let's go yo
okay so I don't did we're about to go to
bed we're about to say prayers we just
had dinner how was your first day at
school I don't even here waited they
didn't hear you guys didn't hear I heard
I'm the dad I heard everything tell
these guys you like first day of school
would you have great what grade Brock's
first day of schools tomorrow guys yeah
my first video yeah
how was school for you it's pretty great
good for fun new girlfriend's got some
boys articles friends friends boys
girlfriends
the only game is super super different
is that there are so many more kids and
so much that our wait time yeah
maybe isn't middle school this year so
she's getting older I'm getting Harriet
really worth it and games Harrier none
dear okay well first in school first day
school I don't know cool birthday school
I don't blog a lot today I was working a
lot on that other project that I wasn't
I'll tell you as about so I can't bother
that don't have the blog much but it was
a good day dude any day was usually good
day ahead go to boat bed we picked out a
bunk bed always boy what a boy boy it
day you gotta poke fun okay hopefully
your first day of school was good listen
here's what I told my kids here's what
I'm telling you if you see a kid at
school who looks lonely who looks like
they don't have any friends he's sitting
by themselves that's the kid that's
gonna be easy to beat up ya go say hi to
that okay go say hi to that kid you guys
ma did you do that today were you nice
to somebody who didn't have a friend
where you did you say hello to somebody
who was lonely looked lonely ya know ya
ABI did you do that did you find
somebody who looked like they didn't
have a friend day yeah I don't think you
did there was so much my job I only pick
two things if you got using the long ta
they gotta be nice people look out for
those people who need a friend ok we're
going to go I love you guys yeah we'll
see you tomorrow
yah and boom were in the end slate now
I'm doing the very first voiceover on a
previously recorded video Hey look you
can click on the screen you can watch
more of the videos check out yesterday's
vlog got a mystery one for you and if
the annotations are working correctly I
think you can go to tricks and calm try
it wink wink wink just got you to go to
drinks and dot-com anyways thanks for
leaving a nice comment and a thumbs up a
nice thumbs up don't do it Brigid Julie
what begrudgingly sorry words are hard
sometimes you got it you know do it with
a happy heart thanks for watching we'll
see you tomorrow we're gonna be back I
promise right back is in your faces
can I
