hi I'm logging here guards just clearing
off the shelves are as many as mac and
cheese and I possibly can get right I
think I'm probably Lenny dude haha okay
that's enough that's enough we can't
clean them out oh my goodness
he just excited about mac and cheese
what'd you do Schultz you've got a lot
huh yes I should tell you guys those are
for nighttime because you're a big boy
huh you only need them at nighttime now
we definitely need them at nighttime or
we got a mess every night Mitchell
hasn't woken up easily woken up once on
the dry diaper but all day long it is a
really great job so I'm super proud of
them are you guys proud of him wait
what's that we know that like fantasize
you want that a sport random stuff in
the car that's not how this game works I
only let you put the mac and cheese in
the cart Hey you don't even know what
you're thinking thanks for being my
shopping buddy high-fives notice how it
uses the other hand because do you want
to show him your alley show him your
hand and he's gone through at least
1,100 cars oh oh okay we won't look
sorry we better get you out of this
eyelet you're gonna start putting the
whole place and the cart I met yeah no
you're right
hey little man what's doing is that your
new bed night-night it looks super not
comfortable and of course he's already
thrown out the stuff that I started to
pack good thing it was only one item
that's right we're getting ready to go
to Idaho I can't wait and watch I cannot
wait to fly on an airplane he's been
talking about it all week long hey dude
are you excited to fly in an airplane
it didn't even hurt to tickle him no you
get it from this signal the beastie is
their little baby in a suitcase he's
gonna travel underneath the airplane in
the storage bin what are you watching
for the 800th time Alvin and the
Chipmunks he watches it over and over
and over again
his little insane insanity
speaking of insanity I'm think about
doing insanity for the month of June
should I do it yeah that's a great idea
that way you just you know like tighten
everything up again you know just like
sucky
yeah I mean it's a little roundish not
oh no he has a pretty swimming suit on
his you want to wear your sisters
someone sit on your head bro boy being
so cranky all right I'm trying to lay in
the suitcase I washed my me a la limit
along guys that's like a Kristen Wiig
character do that a little long like how
much character it is what are you doing
he doesn't care what mom bites him only
when dad
Hey 21800 well that's what and I call
because Colette got to sit next to him
on the last our trip we went on to
Florida I called I get to ride with him
I called that I get to sit next to him
on the airplane this time good-looking
man huh
what what's going on what conversation
conversation again just coming six dudes
like six dudes really nice button-ups
came walking on the foot away at YouTube
space live YouTube space yes I want to
talk about through that giant screen
we're here at the YouTube space like my
new hussion video I'm good I'm gonna see
new hussion hunting video where he kills
and hey go check it out hudson with
severe so youtube.com slash prefer you
guys would love it I want to see you do
this fire pole dude come to it have you
did on and I've never gone out you did
upside down yeah anyways we're shooting
something for comedy week check it out
and that's my buddy Matt Damon would say
about Arnold Schwarzenegger would say
get on top ah here's like me and Matt
Damon we sit right there like here even
Matt Damon hey I'm Matt Damon like
you're probably seeing me in movies like
rounders and that's only when I really
know I don't even know what movie that
is I've never seen rounders I hope Matt
Damon's in it now yeah it's about it's
about gambling he was a gambler a poker
player okay great movie by the way who
had Damon anyway so yeah we're just here
at YouTube space calm slash YouTube
space and this is the chopper
youtube.com slash chopper go check it
out
that che plane with the chopper at
youtube.com che playing around on the
chopper calm slash so yeah give me that
you know what I'm gonna start a YouTube
channel now imma can tell you guys you
to to marcom slash calm YouTube you know
it's gonna be called youtube.com slash
slash this channel of the name will be
slash maybe that dude already has it
yeah youtube.com slash slash that's my
new YouTube channel what about the
zombies well sometimes I kind of
daydream uh-huh
because I was paid renewing that psycho
zombie infinity cyclops zombies not just
Ami's Cyclops zombies okay so they're
really like ginormous so you're running
to the song I will wait I will wait
that's how it goes right guys
is it that it happens
I mean I've run from Cyclops dom bees
all the time in my head it's just crazy
they're everywhere right up so we are
out shopping at the mall real quick
we're trying to find some clothes for
these boys for the baptism because well
frankly Rock chart is totally grown out
of his church clothes dude they're like
high water sauna me let's say Michael
Jackson every Sunday haha come here no
no touching
look he just dislocated this kids off
from um sir I'm super sorry I don't even
know what to do that was ready for this
dress stop touching no touching no
touching
come on what happens when you take watch
are dropping oh my goodness it's a
monster look at their thunder I think
I'm here because I'm buying clothes for
the baby rock I'm not buying it I'm just
looking how'd that work out for you
mommy tard okay I'm buying it it's the
first thing I bought in from the new
baby I think this baby deserves a little
monster hat don't you I think so watch
out there's monkeys on the list of the
ball
hey mom can't go that fast you're gonna
have to slow down eventually my monkey
boys I love them I can't get these guys
to go anywhere they're stopping for the
massage chairs they're stopping to watch
advertisements it's not a movie it's a
commercial you'll get it someday honey
but so far they're just using their
advertisers into your brain all right
let's go dude we got stuff to do let's
go man Oh mater are you Thai red just
retired from the car ride and seen the
other puppies I told Tommy no Mon you
weirdo okay so I did one of those things
today where I took Zeke to a doggy
daycare that he's gonna be spending like
the week with when we go to Idaho and
today it was just like a first day to
try it out and see how he was how he
would do with the other dogs and such
I'm an idiot cause che did one of those
things where he's like take the care
don't forget to film stuff cuz this is
you know something new and different
that we don't always do every day I got
so distracted with signing the paperwork
and all that stuff that I didn't film
anything so I'm sorry
there is no Zeke with other dogs there
is no Zeke footage at the daycare today
Daryl I get a lot of time to spend with
other dogs he was just testing it out I
think that's Shaye don't tell him I
didn't get any footage Shane don't tell
one please okay just cut just cut all
this out okay okay
hmm I seem to recall a little comment
the other night what was that again he
was complaining to me today he couldn't
find his glasses did you take him sure
your mouth
I'm telling Shane you said that so well
yeah I'll see what I can do on that edit
their mommy turn I'm an idiot I'm an
idiot
I'm an idiot I'm an idiot I'm an idiot
I'm an idiot
hmm hey go it's me oh good we got home
and he goes where's daddy
I'm right here pumpkin it was so cute to
miss you look well - you look cute it's
like a new like a flannel shirt thing
going on
whoa there's a monkey on my back
thank you anybody's you're funny you're
funny yeah I like you for your buddy
bunch of monkey babies in the flannel
shirt what I'm busy he's trying to tell
you about these days I'm on YouTube
watching people watch me on YouTube oh
look at you smiling I'm watching kids
their reactions to shave bearded some of
you guys have made videos of your kids
or brothers and sisters of them watching
the cartoon and it is awesome so I've
watched about four reaction videos to
you guys showing your kids them and
what's so exciting to me is the same
thing that they all say at the end of
his like I want to watch it again do it
again I was like oh it makes me feel so
valid not validated but just like we
created something that kids want to
watch over and over again do you like it
yeah show us your shirt hey that's a
beard shirt did you out to school today
oh she wore it to school today do you
like that shirt looks cute on you are
you gonna go to gymnastics somewhere hey
I was watching a video of when we pulled
that giant bugger out of your nose and
it made me miss I almost wish that we're
having a little girl now because I
remember gonna watch it I think it's
coming up on June 5th as the four years
ago video because every time I'm going
through searching for all the videos
that I put in the end slate I'm always
like looking at these old videos and I
found the one where we pulled that if
you guys remember this giant tissue out
of baby tarts nose it was stuck
there for like a week Oh gross and she
was such a cute little baby girl and it
made me like oh man I kind of wish for
having another baby girl again because
we just had a baby boy with rock tart
and so I'm like oh it'd be fun to have
another little baby daughter honey when
you're done making that baby can we try
to have another baby
like as soon as your wombs finish with
that one let's try to get another one
Kay if it's another boy we'll just dress
it up like Emmy like which meant baby
turn sorry
alright let's go watch your boogers oh
my goodness that's cool they're learning
to do it without any weights they just
got to keep practicing over and over and
over again she just did a really cool
trick they call it squatting on the bar
like you know when they do with the
beams and they put their feet up on the
bar then they swing down I don't know
how to explain but hopefully she'll do
it again she did a really good job but
she was really hurt I hope I can get
this one on camera when she does it
again oh man they're not doing the same
trick
Oh gasps of 0and Omar's here they're
playing we're having a barbecue
Qasim's here the shake Carla shirts here
the girls are here SAS is riding this
bike home is a Bocelli what well that's
boy and Shelly by his Dryden is Andrea
Bocelli home those are so cute and sassy
I wish I had a parent I'm ready
don't paralyze my daughter that's my job
whoa that's cool wheelbarrow by Kasim he
likes the snug this is that is it always
gonna remember that nothing out star see
you guys we had a nice family barbecue
over at Casey's house cuz Carly was in
town she's in town shooting stuff for
her videos and we're excited we're
leaving to go back to Idaho tomorrow
check out yesterday's vlog is really
good one if you're feeling lucky click
on that little spinny smiley face and
see what I have in store for you and
check out what we're doing last year two
years ago three years ago four years ago
what I realized yesterday it has been
one year to the day that we moved into
this apartment I don't know how much
longer we'll be here but yesterday
marked the day that we had been here
exactly one year and I really have been
interested in watching the four years
ago videos lately because in about a
week to a week and a half will mark the
four year anniversary that we moved out
here to California to start maker
studios with all of our buddies so I
can't wait to like go through and watch
all those and relive them so every day
like when I go find the links for the
end slate I end up watching like two or
three old videos it's fun so cool the
walk down memory lane check them out you
guys check them out come on
all right we love you we'll see you
tomorrow we're gonna be on an airplane
