yeah there's no parking in LA unless you
make it you can't I should pull out and
show you there's a giant hole right
there but I put my truck in it I have a
meeting today in this back alley and
then the only parking spot was where
this giant hole was where obviously no
other car could fit my truck to fit it's
gonna tip over
all right so I just got done with my
meeting and parking my truck you cool
pretty yeah I thought it was cool I was
trying to show you guys okay so now
we're headed to a very important
performance say that five times fast
important performance and Rob darts
ready you ready gonna cheer for your
sister buddy mommy's right in front of
us huh say I'm excited for practice
starts performance say I'm excited for
princie starts important performance say
it now say what say I'm excited for
princess tards important performance
performance poor fat man manse okay so
we are headed to her to start school
right now I'm not sure she wouldn't tell
me I was trying to get out of her
yesterday but I guess she has like a
solo in this like play that she's doing
out of her school and yesterday I was
like seeing a little bit of it for me I
want to hear it she's like no I have to
wait come tomorrow so she didn't want to
spoil us we're gonna go see it right now
who's ready we are in the palisade of
palms look at these babies they're like
tall generals ready standing over there
army ready to go forth into battle don't
they look like that just they're so tall
she just could be here in person to just
witness their beauty and majesty and
nobleness super tall super tall makes
you wonder how they're strong they're
really skinny they have a sure
foundation see these ones not so much
there's a leaning tower of trees us
leaning tower of trees up like that
tower in Italy you don't say they don't
say that's like a play on words ah okay
follow them up
they're like I'm like you know
okay okay Colette is like five foot tall
on a good day so let's imagine five ten
fifteen quiet I'm counting 20 25 30 35
40 45 feet wow that's so tall in order
to get into the school you have to sign
in to the front office and you have to
get a visitor's badge and Liars we
missed it well did she do good
does she do they get it see her oh we
have that in common we don't see her
either we show it to us no think you can
do it again for us how many other actors
are there for you go get him and bring
him out and go get him tell her all your
teacher let you well I'm pissed I'm not
talking to mommy tired we're fighting
now she read the email wrong it was
supposed to be a 125 and she thought I
said 145 you hate our daughter
oh okay are these the actors okay what
is that you're supposed to eating the
cheese okay pretend that this is the
stage and that we're the audience were
you guys in it too okay stand up next to
her pretend like it okay hold on wait
till they I think they want to get their
props oh we got our very own private
performance okay okay okay let's see it
never trust a flex good jaw
well that's number just kidding I'm not
really mad at mommy tard but she just
misread the email she thought that the
performance started at 1:45 and it
actually started at 1:25 but the last
princess tarts heart she's the little
producer she went and got all of her
friends like guys come out after we do
the performance for my parents so we
just got to see it our very own little
private viewing of The Crow and those
iconic I remember anyways it was
adorable and princess art was the crow
and she had to sing it she dropped the
cheese I wasn't that great theater I
felt bad for mommy tardy I like started
getting tears in her eyes she's prone to
cry a little bit easier because she's
pregnant but you can tell is one of
those things are you like
I swear 145 and you go back and you
check the email and you're like I lose
it 125 not that I don't like make any
difference at that point because you've
missed it you know you want to be angry
and like oh like if we could have just
yeah you try to do all those things to
try to make no I'm saying you missed
something you're like you want to get
mad at it but nothing that you can do
will help or make it so that you can not
have been late or not have missed the
thing that you wanted to not miss that's
another moment to choose happiness
another moment to be like there's
nothing I can do in the way of anger or
blame or accusing that will make this
situation better or change the fact that
we miss performance you just have to
smile and go on and then we got to see
it miss prentace heart came out
performing it for us so everything
worked out well it's another beautiful
day at basketball class rock cards
having issues what's here issues today
honey he cut his hand yesterday and he
doesn't like it because it's in a really
awkward place can't really put a bandaid
on it because it keeps falling off but
it still hurts if he's really upset
about it I know it's so hard to do it
seems
get many getting in there I'm not gonna
say anything this time I don't want to
get in trouble mom I know you don't
really understand the team concept yet
so it's like they're all playing against
each other even though they're on teams
some of those things they gotta learn I
guess
hey what's up with the glasses huh why
are you trying to copy my editor what do
you think you are what did you do at
school today what did you learn did you
accomplish anything did you add to
society
you helped ma'am in any way you add it
to the human race huh I need answers you
pathetic little five-year-old what did
you learn today that's genius really um
just um or like you mMmmm um speak
enunciate you passed your 11s what does
that mean what's 11 two minute drill
tests you can count to 11 in two minutes
that's really good I'm really proud of
you one
what does it mean you got to speak
clearly
I need definitions mm-hmm what's 11
times 888 nice
what's 11 times 11 all right I don't
know what's 11 times 3 it's 11 times 7
what's 11 times 10
nice job baby tard what's 11 times a
million yep good job you're genius
thanks for playing this arithmetic game
80 ok we're headed to scouts and princes
tarde is all dressed up where you had it
pretty hard
your report it's called an interview
interview practiced art is going to get
interviewed for her baptism in our
church we believe that you should be
eight years old or what we call the age
of accountability Bob you have been
asking about this in the question since
maybe burn what's your name
princess tard that's right where to
start is getting baptized
we believe in our church that we don't
baptize children because we think that
well Christ taught that baptism is for a
remission of your sins and we believe
that children are innocent until they
turn eight and then they just turn into
giant brats just joking no we believe
that a child must be accountable they
have to know what's right and wrong
because a child can't commit sins if
they don't know what's right or wrong so
we believe at the age of eight
you become accountable and you know
what's right and wrong do you know
what's right and wrong
give me some things that are right your
brothers or sisters
give me some things that are wrong we
could say punch your brothers and
sisters so which one's right and which
one's wrong right should you punch them
why not
you have what does that mean to have a
hard heart is it good to be mad yeah why
not
Amen sister you're not happy when you
have a hard heart we have this term in
our family that we say we have to try to
have a soft heart instead of a hard
heart and that in those times you're
like angry and you're like oh you can
physiologically feel your heart hardened
where you're like mad or angry or
jealous or you want to get revenge or
you'd like pissed off just those
feelings or you're like ah well
sometimes you get pissed off when you
have a hard heart bro I said it again
tonight sorry my bad so we teach that
you should have a soft heart and that
you should love and have have kindness
and patience so at the age of 8 years
old we believe that you have the
accountability and you know what it's
right and wrong and then you can make
the choice so princess are do you
realize this is your choice we're not
forcing you to be baptized if you don't
want to be baptized you don't have to
you can say dad I don't wanna be
baptized and we won't baptize you okay
sounds good bro look really what you
talked about it what was your bad
decision sounds deep and dark man sounds
risky a couple years ago this was this
is confession time fess up little girl
all right well it's your choice
all right so that's where we're going
right now let's go okay so if you guys
remember the other day when we were in
the mall princest hard said that they
she got this book at the library and she
was so excited cuz it's like a
father-daughter book and so we've been
reading it we've been reading like a
couple of pages every day together cuz
it's like father and daughter
show them the front the show them in the
Messiah t you wrote our names
she wrote our names because this is our
book cuz we're reading it together as
father and daughter it says you can show
your name I don't care Shea and what's
your name princess turned right so she
wrote our names and stamped it so show
that page that we just read and I told
princess started she read this to me cuz
she's been reading it to me and then she
just read me this one page I'm like what
it says
it's a little weird check this out okay
Rita fire a jungle-gym however if she
falls off
that's jungle-gym disagree disregard
forgot those thoughts about killing
yourself disregard those thoughts about
killing yourself and I'm she just read
that I'm like what what did you just say
meaning of that princes heart is this if
I bought you a jungle gym and then you
fell off of it and got hurt what the
book is saying is that I might want to
kill myself because I felt so bad that
you hurt yourself
so the book is saying disregard the
thoughts of killing yourself which i
think is pretty weird to put in a book
because I'm not gonna kill myself if you
fall off the jungle gym okay no offense
I love you know everything my life is
way more important than some skinned
elbows you know I'm saying
sometimes I hurry up but we already
can't the kids and me and my dad but to
go get metal shapes but we forgot to
film it so right now we're at home and
my dad's doing
so when she walks in should be like oh I
love you and then here's my plan
once she seen the clean house then she's
like we put you guys to bed then they
want me to make out on the couch it's
pretty sweet oh my I'm telling you you
married dudes out there this is a little
tip for you you get that house spotless
clean when that girl walks in the door
when your wife walks in the door and
she's like oh the house is clean it's
like instant makeout session bro so I'm
just telling you little tip wink wink
wink try it out alright thanks for
watching today's video check out
yesterday's vlog hilarious stuff Oh what
were the Shaytards doing one year two
years three or four years ago well I'll
guess what you can click right there in
the middle and find out and if you're
feeling lucky a brand new podcast is up
today we actually get in a conversation
that is pretty touchy to some of you I
didn't realize that this was like such a
hot-button issue to some of you but we
talked all about it in today's podcast
so be sure to check that out and don't
forget that we love you and that we will
see you
