hi I'm logging here good morning ladies
and gentlemen brothers and sisters it is
a beautiful debt you want to see the
best part of my day I'm going to show
you right now the best part of my day
fine what's up that's here old are you
so hot
oh no that's that that way the truck
won't be hot when I get back in it isn't
it - ok just just a case shut those lips
and press against mine we're here to
podcast
you ready podcast we've really been
neglecting the podcast lately it's
really taking a backseat to other
priorities like babies maybe we had to
miss last week because we went to go
find out the gender of the baby let's
look at this baby's already coming
between important things our lives hey
baby
need a name Oh who's that is that stud
loafin Blake O'Neal you ready a podcast
it up we're good yeah
we change it up it's looking pretty good
is it cool I'm excited to see the new
set up we're not in the music studio
today you guys it's different look at
the new setup man Rafa is like a
traveling podcast table with 800 things
of technology and here's the new setup I
like it is it lighter in here it's a
little bit brighter isn't it yeah love
it lights are bouncing okay we're about
to podcast gauge what are you doing at
maker studios you running around this
place I'm a charge you can get the
ping-pong look who else is here the
blonde bombshell herself Carly Stiles
Missy scaring Shay I know she did you
two get me a little bit she jumped out
she was hiding right there actually
jumped out I'm gonna stall your children
okay I said sharra how long you in town
for today oh it's gonna be like thinking
everything starts baptism yeah you
better be ready
did you see this friends like JC the
like a vlog I'm like yeah I saw the vlog
you better watch blog Carly lay off me
we're going home on Friday we're flying
home on Friday you're gonna be here
we're always switching spots you're
gonna have to get a taxi Ricky we take
my sister to the airport on huh it's
when they pay me for
never say 7:00 a.m. yeah you're gonna
have to get a taxi we just had lunch I
the vegetarian tacos she had the
vegetarian burrito cuz we love animals
huge yeah we love animals who don't eat
them unless written and then we think of
they're delicious oh I forgot it was
meatless Monday we did a good job I
don't even know perfect yeah we didn't
forgot we just both randomly got the
thing guys check it out they're doing
this blooms frozen banana stand over
here I think they're trying to promote
the new Netflix now I'm giving them free
promotion for Arrested Development look
at this line you see it wraps around the
block and everybody's going to get like
free frozen bananas they're getting
their picture taken
yeah rest of development I think they're
doing some really good social media
pushes I've seen a lot of people tweet
pictures of them by the stairs you know
that show in anyways meatless Monday
we're gonna we're all in it on accident
there's no me tired we have been stuck
in this parking garage no exaggeration
34 minutes I got in my truck at two
o'clock and now I'm finally getting to
where I can pay not only is there Los
Angeles traffic there's parking garage
traffic in Los Angeles ridiculous how
much this is gonna run me
hello good how are you crazy traffic
today right I'm good no pay all right
thanks man we'd have to pay that's good
it was crazy there 34 minutes sitting in
that parking garage started getting
freaked out like what if there's an
earthquake I don't want to be in a
parking garage during an earthquake
that'd be the worst place okay I
surrender or would you rather die I
surrender I would let in the boxes now
I'll introduce Virginians up give you
squeeze Oh tragedy oh yes
put your hands up give yourself or what
do you walk out of here with no
questions no questions asked spread your
shoulders off row ow
Oh violence ensues these nerf guns have
really started a war in our house and
I'm really worried about the level of
violence it's escalating I think I'm
gonna have to take
our inset violence and go deal with the
situation immediately boys you better
freeze put your hands up in here hands
up in the air yeah hands up in the air I
want youse I'm gonna give yourself a
wedgie right now this is America get it
up in it
freeze don't move your force field will
not help you did it take it edit it how
many bullets this is cool ha ha ha ha
see look I have my Heusen ready
I'm gonna get you I'm gonna get you I'm
gonna get you I'm gonna get you he knows
because the kids have been shooting with
these nerf bullets so many times
mami tarde what's for dinner what's for
dinner I'm gonna open the door I can
show you guys I'll get in trouble good
daughter wait out the vlog up and we did
podcasting it's like what dr. give you
some of those flowers and I did I know
it's sweet they're so beautiful I think
these are geraniums they don't smell
very good but they're pretty hey come
sit down little man so it's meatless
Monday today and I decided to go with
something very simple just shoot and
bread and salad soup and salad it's
always a go team right guys they look
really thrilled geraniums that's a fun
word to say geraniums hey rock card he's
kind of at that stage where he doesn't
sit down to eat
your dinner does gonna eat your face off
to Jamaica
Oh brotherly love rather Lila oh so it's
cute we're gonna eat then you can go
play okay oh no is ami beige I've never
seen that you comfy bro you're
comfortable at your testicles hangout in
the air don't bug me I'm taking her nap
yours are always so obnoxious
he always lays on his back all right
we're having an after family home
evening snack what's family home evening
family home evening is when we have a
family and it's at our home in wait wait
a minute let me see here we got a family
we got a home and it's evening house
family I'm Amy
it's a family with the home with an
evening I just said that kick in your
face put your baby set your little baby
on there we just discussed
princess cards baptism and we are
scheduling the program right now and
Little Rock TARDIS being rocked targeted
to sleep and then she already wrote down
top you're not different Rose apples in
the dark caramel Aria how are you doing
on the no sugar thing have you failed at
all be honest I swear he hasn't he's
still doing it I think he's going to
make it the whole year he's done this
long I don't think he's in to mess up
now yeah so you vouch for him he hasn't
been cheating at school you watching him
nice you keep those keep those eyes on
them baby tard what about you how you
doing with no sugar thing horrible are
you doing the no sugar thing yeah do you
want to yeah why not good it's healthy
for you let's try I forgot about that
will you dip a caramel an apple an apple
and caramel and give it to your sister
Oh centaur you're getting so close to
the fire man that's too tempting that's
too tempting yeah you sniff the drugs
the same thing is doing the drugs bro
all right I love you guys and I do have
an announcement Carly
you're pregnant no yes I am actually
no but Carly has officially been chosen
to give the talk okay
Carly you're giving the talk yeah Chris
tried to start don't care I bro too much
fire virus kid okay are you wearing
chains glasses who stole Shane's glasses
he was complaining to me today he
couldn't find his glasses did you take
him shut your mouth I'll tell him Jamie
said that I'm going to hang out with
Shane in my room he understands me Shane
I love you Shane put in his two weeks
notice he said he's not coming back till
mommy tart apologizes so I guess I'm in
charge until then hope you guys like the
videos oh I use Final Cut Pau um anyway
see you tomorrow
okay like your name shake
check out
the Shaytards
