did you like it you like it you think
it's a good cartoon you want to watch it
again so it passes the two-year-old
standards for cartoons huh
okay one watch it again you know that's
daddy daddy that was daddy that that was
about Viking that cool do you think
dad's cool now huh
hey bite me huh the Sharks bit my arms
huh it's okay I just cartoon though
don't be concerned dad okay let's watch
it again he wants to watch it again he
likes it you like that
it's called che beard he sayshe beard
say I love che beard say watch che beard
like shit Pig say tell all the kids in
the world to watch a beard che beard I
love you
so do you guys like MattyB what do you
like about him you like a smile you like
your hair
what about how these things do like that
course Oh oh my goodness okay geez here
yeah what can you do
cut all this crap out Shane's not a
chance
daddy tard what are you doing we just
came together then to go to the beach in
wrong car just automatically without
even any prompting climbed on the van no
don't get out okay we're not going to
the beach you guys want to stay here and
play on top of the band
okay Teen Wolf style you guys ready okay
hold on tight we're gonna go to the
beach you guys just hold on tight
get down are you pooping bro be honest
you pooping bro let's go princess turn
yell at the kids for me she's gonna be a
good mom one day thumbs up it's a
beautiful day we figured we'd come down
and lounge around in the sand and maybe
splash around some of the salty pacific
water and just enjoy ourselves what baby
tart the sand warm in between your toes
just wiggle them and wriggle them around
your toes let me try it let me see take
your word for it oh that is nice just
Joshin guys rock tart let's go bro-heem
just gonna leave your sandals there
bring them with us they're gonna get
stalled in school they're gonna get
stolen stolen and bring them gage thanks
buddy you're the best cousin in the
world man love you rock chart you can
work on your tan today don't bug me dad
we're running at ocean hey what are we
doing all right let's see if we can see
Sun tart catching some big waves hanging
some ten ripping some shreds gnarly and
some dude
all right here he goes oh he's about to
shred ten
yeah salt out the butt crack King 10 get
it
well there comes there comes you missed
it really caught it
snakes Bray Bray rock cards doing a
little beach yoga trying to stretch
those hams work out those quads their
name is Ernest kick those legs dude kick
them you gotta kick your legs jump there
you go there you go right that baby
right that baby in
nice I think I know the reason why
everybody is here today everybody has
come to the show ow ow oh they want to
see how high I can throw this hot potato
you ready hey you can keep your eye on
this hot potato for it to start ouch ow
okay this hot potato leaves the sign up
to camera that I'm gonna put this hot
potato right on your neck gonna burn out
how it is super hot when I say hot
potato I mean like fiery hot like you
ever seen the Indiana Jones remember and
he's climbin and Sienna Jones and he has
to get those stones he's like I teach
that quiche Lynnae those stones turned
like hot and fired he hasn't been there
back like burns a hole in the stagnant
fall seventh the fiery pits of Mordor no
that's water drinks anyway that little
hotness is ready okay I'm gonna throw up
and see how high can throw this up hey
are you ready ready one two three
caught it did you see it oh thanks
better follow the time ready one two
this time gonna get through one - that
is some healthy nutrients for my body my
body wants these healthy nutrients so
I'm gonna take these nutrients Oh to
place them inside my body seal
Montgomery burns
a nice Sunday tradition that we have
adopted is to come down on the beach and
watch the giant ball of burning gas seep
into the Pacific it's nice and it's kind
of a good end to the week getting ready
for the beginning of a new week it's fun
just coming down here and seeing this
and smelling this and now the waters
gonna get seek pretty cool about it
though you like that don't drink and
it's salty it's yucky that's supposed to
drink the salt water when you're
abandoned in the ocean that rule number
one I know you're surrounded by water
but that's the irony of us being
stranded in the body of water you're not
allowed to drink a drop or you'll go
crazy man crazy with the salt water he's
liking it less and less
where to start give me a momentous
speech here on this Sunday evening as we
watch the sunset
that was beautiful go get go get him go
get him oh no oh go get my leash what
he's a good puppy the waves are huge
right now
can't really tell there's no nothing for
reference the waves are gigantic
see brick the start setup the giant wave
so you guys got to believe it and
there's the chopper look at the moon
watch to the moon oh that's gorgeous
don't line into the moon what do you
play in bro little game of wave tag this
little game we like to call wave tag go
down farther farther you wait get us
though she can you wave it's gonna get
you okay see these gonna see how these
waves are huge right now a lot bigger
than they normally are dude you're the
best wave tagger I've ever been
oh snap shake I was gonna pull some
nerves in the soccer tournament you look
like a prancing dancer and I sure you
look like a soccer player oh wow Zeke
found something did you find something
in the sand get it dude did you just I
know I know he found something he found
the buried treasure in it he found the
ability to dig no I'm not so sure that's
a good thing it was you all along one
Pony noob
whatever that means I still don't know
what that means
I always going to town as a kid that
digging this dog everything know the
genus Dog comment right you guys want
talking about I never read it like that
dude we're not going anywhere can you
put your seat belt on I don't care you
think you're the king of the castle but
that doesn't matter safety first my
friend yeah put it on the leash doesn't
count dude you have to have that
seatbelt fastened before we go anywhere
I'm not pull
out of this spot you don't have an air
bag your safety harness on right now you
can just break all the rules such a rule
breaker look at mr. rule breaker right
there breaking all the rules
looking cool looking for the truth they
have those no my technology exists we
can roll it now uh he wants to look out
that window so bad I'll just cuddle up
on the soul chair remember just a couple
months ago baby turns sitting in that
exact same spot holding him on her lap
months ago he is a weed maybe hard to
remember that you were holding him when
we first got him that first night no she
was right there I have the picture show
it Shane oh okay here's the picture Yeah
right back to work sir see proofs in the
pudding you got it right there I don't
have any wishes he had some pudding if
we had a match or wiener dog we could I
have a miniature wiener dog put your C
ball on okay so rocked hard he
definitely liked the cartoon not joking
he's watched it I don't know like 20
times he's made me watch it over and
over but I gotta say a very very very
how do I say it thank you is how he said
gracias meat I'm gonna start over this
is dumb
I suck it in slates I need to get rocked
her to do all my end slates
he's expensive though it's hard to book
him yes I know every time I'd ask him to
do it he's like busy or he has some gig
or he's out of the country or something
like that whatever am I still in this
end slate I'm gonna do it I just keep
this one okay I'll just keep this one
well one thing I did want to say is I
was surprised today I checked the
cartoon Shay beard at how many views it
has
cartoon 'i'm only has 25,000 subscribers
not only I mean 25,000 subscribers is
great but the amount of views that the
cartoon got was shocking compared to the
subscribers so that was really cool
thank you to everybody who watched it
and shared it I will also make it the
mystery video if you haven't seen it
please check it out and share it we love
you and we will see you tomorrow is that
good on slate yep then you'll get your
shaker door right in your face every
Saturday morning
come give you my shoe bird in your face
right now I'm gonna cuddle yeah I love
you bye
