okay guys ready - one take something
okay so we have their part still see so
okay Rob hard you have the choreography
don't forget every trial spread inside
but I feel it close around me as I pray
Heavenly Father I am now so Peter Jesus
disciples long ago some of the children
to come to me for me now to thee
here and answer every trial spend some
say that
father
that was our song do you guys think
you're gonna get soaking wet
yes you're booking it Oh
sounds good so the reason we sing that
song is to we definitely definitely have
to work with it absolutely positively
baptism is next weekend and we're going
to be singing for you so is that the
song you want to sing so Brynn to start
we are heading to Idaho on Friday the
24th we are all getting on an aeroplane
and heading to add that howl and we're
gonna go to Logan's graduation are my
brother
their uncle Logan is graduating from
high school congratulations Logan we're
proud of you and puts turns getting
baptized and so she gets to choose the
program and she chose that song so tell
us who else is in the program
well we haven't asked anybody yet but
maybe you can officially announce it
right now
really what's she gonna do what's
breathing in me being why your aunt to
do something I love it
who Carly well ask her right now dude
she's watching say the top okay okay
what about centaur does hina do anything
doing him to bring the refreshments or
do you want him to bris bring worry
about the Mohawks it's pretty much what
he does just bring all the Mohawks bro
bring all the Mohawks so how the cool
dudes put their tie clip it onto the
different pocket
all right that's what it takes Sunday we
are excited because we are heading to
Idaho on Friday for Logan's graduation
and for princess tarts baptism and we as
a family are gonna sing that song like
it's you know the baptism is like a
whole program and that is going to be
our contribution as a family we're going
to sing that song
it's called what's a call one child per
child Kris and I don't need to do
anything because they didn't say I could
sing good enough I love you buddy
I love you buddy what's for lunch
daddy's hungry
game barbecue chicken and potatoes it
won't be ready as health in our time
yeah who gets to choose the baptism girl
is this like a slow roasting thing here
can I open this oh snap
I'm in trouble I'm a shutdown look I
slowly it slowed the roast and slowed
the rose it's a Burroughs your chicken
smells delicious that little o little
whip that we got kinda like Grandma does
your grandma's smell like barbecue slow
roasted chicken that's her best cologne
that she wears the slow roasted chicken
time for school
she wears a slow grandpa wears the slow
roasted chicken Cologne yeah you get it
it's right next to the Calvin Klein know
what it kind of smells like I'm grandma
Peggy's barbecue yeah yeah crock-pot
Dutch oven oh it's so good it's so
tender it just like isn't like Oh melts
in your mouth I'm excited all right so
have a great Sunday we love you guys I'm
excited for this week I actually woke up
this morning thinking it was Monday rock
card you need to work on your singing
bro and your choreography I had this
crazy thing happened to me this morning
when I woke up and it was like 7:45 and
I was like what day is it
oh it's Monday I'm like okay I this me
because I know I have this meeting on
Monday and I have all the stuff to do on
Monday I was like uh I gotta get all
this stuff done in my rooms a mess that
he's been throwing my crap on the ground
come a bad person and then all sudden I
like rolled over and I got up and I like
start checking my emails I got into like
Monday mode does it wait a minute
Sunday today I was like Oh awesome
awesome I got another dev a weekend so
then I felt really motivated for the
week all of a sudden I thought I have
another day to prepare it's not Monday
yet so I'm gonna really hit this week
hard I just decided that I am fat I
weighed myself this morning and I weigh
195 pounds ah I should be about 180 I
have gained 15 pounds for whatever
reason mostly because of the food that I
eat lots of it so I'm excited for this
week I decided that today I'm gonna get
my room spotless I'm gonna get all 85 of
my hat's off of my desk I'm gonna put
away all this crap I'm gonna organize my
desk and just get ready for the week and
I'm gonna hit a hard this week because
I'm we're front flying home on Friday so
I must are making shayloss videos a lot
of you have been mentioning that I've
kind of like languished the shayloss
videos I'm gonna get those and I'm gonna
start making some shayloss videos this
week so if you guys want to get back on
board if some of you have like fallen
off the wagon have you fallen off the
wagon baby toes yeah have you gained
weight how much do you weigh are you
healthy
how healthy are you owe me sir show
these guys let's see if they can see it
okay you guys may be turns men doing
this thing with this diamond let's see
if it'll work for you guys oh yeah we
can see three of you we know scoot back
dude let's go back you're the you're the
thing that we're looking at wait I gotta
figure this out hold on bro-heem how
does this I see I can't see where are
your fate where's your face oh yeah
right there the artists that's for your
faces yeah she's been saying dad look at
this diamond you can see ten of me Oh
beautiful beautiful beautiful all right
love you guys
Zeki loves you too he's having a good
week oh and that's the other thing is
we're gonna have to take you just like
the camera we have to take Zeke to a
place of kennel there's this place
called like they don't put them in honey
what are we doing with Zeke I don't even
know what we're doing with him puppy are
you gonna miss us there's this no
kennels place that we take them to so
Huckle ooh yummy bro
I love you okay see you guys tomorrow is
there
anything else try think if there's
anything else please watch che beer Chi
beard che beard rock cards watch it like
20 times and I'm not even joking
he's like watching 22 don't like me no
don't don't go zekiel zekiel that is
weird
rocked our do you like che beard salad
che Barry dad hey ROC Darden
all right Normie you jerk good big drink
ok see you guys tomorrow love you happy
shiny we hope you have a great weekend
and I will see you tomorrow you try to
hit the screen try to hit the camera oh
ho that was close
Oh miss Oh flew right by my head hit it
right on the dude you get right there
I'll give you 20 bucks
oh one more you got any more bullets 20
bucks you can make it stick on this 20
bucks 20 bucks
- doesn't come right here his face last
one you just lick it one more dude last
shot hit it Oh out of bullets all right
you owe me 20 bucks dude huh you owe me
20 bucks we just bet what you mean I
never said I owe you 20 dude that was me
that was the it zoomed if we bet then
you owe me if you fail pay up
all right bye love you
see you guys tomorrow
