please watch my daddy's cartoon okay
we're at the store is time for Teacher
Appreciation - yeah I gotta get that
yeah we just realized that it's an early
release day which means they start
earlier which means we are going to be
late if we don't book our butts out at
the store right now so hurry and pick
your kindergarten teachers let's go
wrong turn super happy because he
doesn't get a candy bar I'm sorry dude
it's you're not a teacher once you
become a teacher
then we'll appreciate you on teacher
appreciation day but I love you anyway
hi dude hi dude like what do we do now
hmm
don't tell what we do now have some
shirts pick what kind of shirts you know
kind of you know kind of sort of no not
really no big tarts no no pie we're
picking ourselves awesome shade their
church you know what the BU we're
picking up some bear chargers and I've
never seen them so I'm super excited to
see what they look like where are you
are you have you guys seen I don't think
you've seen them you should see them
let me find them oh we're gonna I'm
gonna go get him now okay okay okay stop
it ongoing right now be patient
oh my goodness is the cutest thing I've
ever seen
the smallest she bared shirt ever right
we'll have to put that on the onesie so
baby thank you
check it out this is a wall of t-shirts
I'm sure she is showing this before but
look how cool that is
look whose t-shirt that's me that's my
shirt I think those are actually sold
out though I'm not sure I'll have to go
look right go check it out on Rodeo
arcade okay it's Friday and I'm so hyper
how's it goin and on camera
what did you find there buddy can you
open it for those oh we got some of my
favorite word a package Hey
model quit watching the Shaytards logs
come come open these shirts and weigh me
to myself come put one of these shirts
on you I'm waving to me Shay what Roger
I need your help
hold me Mom how do you get this thing
open this solo food is quite distressing
we do voices for everything don't know
cope with the new voice you losers you
like it is it soft put it on or throw it
I bet you're gonna throw it like yep I
knew that's disrespecting the
merchandise my friend that's not okay
oh look there's thing on the back that's
ghost yeah Shay beard new cartoon and is
live right now links below let's see the
front of that bad boy episode 1 Shay
beard the Viking is now live my own
cartoon can you believe it hey how cool
is your dad he has his own cartoon just
kind of cool or like pretty cool or
maybe like the coolest dad of all the
friends you want any shirts put the
start they got one for you open that one
put it on Canon ball good ball do I plug
that Hey look at that right there around
look at that around look at that turn
around and see that just be that and
then look at the back won't you forget
to look at the back and while you're
looking at the back check it out on the
front if you just turn around you can
see the front is right there and then if
you're whipping around gonna see some
the back there's something right there
it says Shay beard you see it and then
don't forget to look at the front
there's just watch my cartoons hey show
them your saddest face and ask them to
please go watch your daddy's cartoon
that's angry face that's scary
no so please watch my daddy's cartoon
but you have to do it do the lip again
to the sad face say please watch my
daddy's cartoon that's more like it
you don't get a shirt and tell your cute
no like this cartoon yeah you just look
weird nevermind yeah yeah sure
let me see buddy let me see if you like
it oh off the bed oh I thought he was
going off the bed for sure sure
there he goes
there's those guys too
we're gonna go eat what we're here to
eat you might not really like really
different
Romeo and Juliet's is a little bit
different
ello how are you it is Friday night and
we're on a date let's wonder out is dat
e with some chicks some people some not
your chick the hottest chick I'm on a
date with we're with the knife Knowles
and Kayleigh she's the fifth wheel
tonight where is your husband where is
he
what animals we kill him this week he's
not your drinks beer a RIT beard case is
filming what a job right fine Oregon
under film somebody killing a bear and
then we see the great
that's not that's not mine that's a
Chilean piece of meat that mean it's
such a tender piece of deliciousness
she's pregnant and she's pregnant
pregnant party you know that me hello
happy Saturday okay so I don't get very
much footage esterday I'm a loser and
the date was sweet we went to that place
I had a giant cheeseburger and I'm the
fat so then we went to the Great Gatsby
I mean now my favorite movie I'm a
little disappointed and I hate saying
that because I hate when people say that
they didn't like movies before I see
that movie because I get this like
preconceived notion of what the movie is
before I just see the movie and if it's
a movie that I like I get mad that
somebody says they didn't like it before
I even get a chance to see it so I do
you want to say brought my honest
opinion I didn't love the Great Gatsby
I'm sorry it was good it was shot well
there was definitely good parts about it
definitely worth seeing I was like yeah
it's Saturday let's talk about Sabre and
then maybe some of you be like gosh a
beard is just like yeah but you know
please like it hahaha Leonardo DiCaprio
was super handsome and tell me what is
great I loved it I love you guys I love
you please like my cartoon okay so we're
gonna take the real okay so this is the
first time the kids are seeing it I'm
purposely not them Wow yeah at work this
is their first time watching it and
we're gonna see their reactions okay you
guys be honest I can take it I'm a
strong guy if you don't like it and even
gets kind of stupid and it's not up to
par the cartoons you're always pumping
in your brain shut up Zeke I'm talking
let me know if it's not as good as
spongebob it's not as good as all that
other crap you watch you can be like dad
nice try and it's henna cute that you
try to make a cartoon but it's not as
okay you guys ready every time nervous
you guys are my biggest critics
rock dirty watch out Brahim
wait hold on yeah lay down rock card wow
I'm just I want you guys to like it more
than anybody else rocked heart actually
had seen it I did show him so he has
seen it okay play do I get so far
okay I'm down over there
right shake rock you said I watch it
again well be honest you guys what did
you think they got off and like
Christmas card what's your review rock
card what do you think did you like it
rip baby turn you need to have different
reviews and opinions what was your
favorite part the Sharks like they're
pink they got bit again all right check
it out it is live right now and let's go
to the end slate boom we're on the end
slate check out the mystery video
it is the cartoon that the kids just
watched it is sure but animation
surprisingly takes a lot longer and is a
lot more expensive than I ever imagined
like oh yeah a cartoon you'll draw a few
pictures make cartoon it takes a lot of
time and it's expensive so if this
actually to be honest if this first
season doesn't do very well we won't be
able to do another one so help us out
would you thumbs it up share it anybody
that you know that has kids let him
watch it oh another thing I was gonna
say is um show your kids and film them
and get their reaction I want to see
kids reactions watching this I think
that would be really cool to see kids
reactions as they watch this the first
time so send me does this video
responses and I will put them in some of
these Shaytards logs k should check it
out right
click on the mystery video and then you
know there's a lot of other videos to
click on we love you guys we'll see you
tomorrow for one take Sunday
