good morning okay today is centaurs
project and it's - and he has done
everything by himself so far look at how
awesome this is trying to show him how
awesome it is oh ok he's got all the
planets we've already got the Sun we
figured out a way to get it up there
which was hard he lined this with black
paper so that's the universe we've got
our planets the Sun these are using this
Neptune
you're just well and I know nice they
changed the way you say it said the kids
may laugh at each other you don't need
to tell us you guys know you guys know
and I guess Pluto is not in our solar
system anymore hello that's what they're
teaching these kids in school Pluto's
not in our solar system I didn't know
that and Sontag was surprised that I
didn't know that you didn't know that
mom I thought you were in school but
when I was in school Pluto is in our
solar system so I guess it's not anymore
goodbye Pluto we'll miss you are you a
dwarf planet don't let them tell you
that they do not judge you we love you
I still think Pluto is our planet but
whatever tell them what happened with
the tape but now we're trying to figure
out how to attach the planets to the
thing and we're thinking we're just
gonna tape it up with a string and
they're all gonna be hanging there but
the tape didn't work right tell them who
had a really great idea tell them who
had a really great idea it was me thanks
to my mother's and their sewing
abilities ok what we did was we sewed it
through a cantly see it sorry it's
really that we sewed through the Sun I'm
attached to a string can we catch it -
up here we put a noodle here so it won't
slip through I could do projects guys
I should be in third grade right no wait
a second
okay so now we got to do that to the
rest of the planets are you ready to do
your first lesson and sewing we did have
to use the thimble to because it was
tough to get through the tape lay a
little thimble it's time for your first
sewing lesson the Sun card here we go
okay do it's finished yep
I love it and I'm super proud
it was grateful it was really cheap
thanks to Kaylee she gave us the idea of
using newspaper and tape for the balls
instead of buying styrofoam balls which
is expensive and then we just bought the
paper so we bought paper and it's
masking tape and that's it I have the
noodles we had the string we had the
Thea
we had the box we had the glue we had
all the other Scott why am I so happy
today cuz I have a really awesome water
round and you're amazing at your project
yeah let's see IV is probably affiliates
are you straight okay I use needle I use
cardboard I use needles I used you got a
lot of stuff in that project no it's
nice goals for the beginning so much
inside a name is pain oh okay
daddy wants you to read your things the
son is okay
wait stay here where I want to visit the
camera the Sun is the only star in our
solar system its inner core as 27
million degrees Fahrenheit how if the
Sun were hollow it could fit 1.3 million
earths you can fit four million minutes
in the Sun no moon the moon has craters
caused by asteroids
you could fit four moons in earth the
moon is the second largest object in the
sky but it doesn't make it so much it
was like some of the moon's sunlights
earth is the only planet with life on it
earth this 93 million
miles away from the Sun earth is
surrounded by atmosphere so protects us
from asteroids whoa let's get that
project to school on time we love you
dad okay you guys so every freaking
morning when I am like trying to sleep
my sleepy ways away
Zeke always comes in and he jumps up on
the bed like puts his paws on my face
like wake up and then he whines cuz he
wants to get up on the bed and sleep
with me but he can't cuz he's still a
wuss so I just taught him how to get on
the bed you guys want to see and mommy
turns not here she'd be pissed if she
saw this cuz he's still only four months
old and he still hasn't figured out how
to jump yet so I finally got him to like
chase me around the house and I run and
jump on the bed and he jumps on the bed
so check this out he's getting drinks
he's thirsty because we've been playing
ho thirsty are you ready you ready
anybody is going to horde it's still
kinda high come on good you ready good
boy good boy made on the bad boy
get him get him oh he's figured out that
a couple months ago and you were
wrestling him on there jump on his back
and get him go bite his head off Ezekiel
yeah get a good job get him he's gonna
kind of bite a little bit he's getting
big I know oh oh good be a dramatic
he's being a drama queen
hey okay okay buddy all right I'm sorry
I just was playing I was just playin
you all right buddy
oh you're obnoxious ticking yeah get out
of here
you're being obnoxious okay Boop Kimsey
rock rock art what's your name jay-z a
common virus real baby we been locked
out all right so what did you teach your
thing of your project you got it boy
that's the best just so you guys know
that's the best one anyways who say when
you sweat she's hot
i crumbled up services oh yeah thanks
for Kaylee's suggestion right beautiful
it's not time yet we're gonna do the
open house tonight revealing the hyper
two-year-old say good night to mommy are
you saying that to mommy fart tell us
how you're saying night to mommy
Kayson you sleep okay never mind
Danny was being cute but then I turn on
the camera a tissue a tissue dies that's
pretty talented look at that now you
have diseases like at least 13 yeah
that's impressive though you can buy
this toe I can't do that don't do that
that's dirty that's dirty stop stop stop
hey Shay Carl what are you tweeting
you're tweeting the new vlog bro you're
looking cool in those shades huh
no we won't eat last night you selfish
Pig monkey butter shins what let me pop
that zit on your neck and I'll take you
out to dinner
let me see it yeah there's it let me pop
it I will take you up to a nice dinner
on my neck I think I'll die if you have
it let me pop it your head will fall off
the peeps if I pop it please
sure bro who you gonna hate top she gets
on there and sends like 14 people
messages well at least I know if there's
a big fire or something you can get all
the kids I'm not prepared to do that
baby guard okay I know he needs like
stirrups or something dad you need
stirrups I love you we'll get out of the
fire for just a minute Colette your kids
are doing dangerous things over top of a
large set of stairs Cement equals
stitches Gilligan her she has to get
down lower is she scared did your buddy
taking guy shaky but going on you guys
are giving mommy be shaken but syndrome
what do you yo who's doing up there
climbing the stairs we're waiting for
our table at Island burger we're gonna
have a burger from the island I usually
get there vegetarian tacos they're quite
delicious
but seriously you guys seriously a
capital S er IO us ly how do you spell
seriously babe serious seriously google
it guys tomorrow morning Saturday
morning cartoons J beard
I'm so excited finally the very first
episode tomorrow May 18th the first
episode of shave beard the Viking on
this sale in the seven seas will be live
on Cartoon iam if you haven't seen it
yet go check out click on the feeling
lucky button today I made it like
yesterday's feeling lucky button but I
want you guys to see it when the kids
are in it neither interacting with the
cartoon with Shae beard I think it's
really good the very first episode will
be live tomorrow morning Saturday
mornings every Saturday morning ok
awesome we love you happy weekend it's
the weekend
enjoy yourself check out yesterday's
vlog click on what the Shaytards are
doing one two three and four years ago
love you forever and we'll see you
tomorrow
