hi I'm login here cutest thing you've
ever seen right now
oh do you have your backpack on so
you're ready to go to school oh you're
so cute dude wait for mommy girls let's
go
come on the bells ring and they're being
helpful picking up all this trash that
some how about thrown all over here
we'll have to do it after so man up yeah
when we don't have to wait to the Bell
I know it's not cool to litter guys come
on bro pick up your stuff gem one thing
keep going for today everyone I scoop of
the day bro wait I need to be the first
cut not the second or the third
I mean to be the first one later dude
yeah no leave it
I like it don't infringe on copyright
that's like clone it is it but was it
created before 19 was the date
well it was written but it when it's
written when is recorded or two to four
different matters anyways long story
short here was the movie look you guys
we made a documentary explain this to me
Cory what are we looking at okay so in
the bottom left we have our key like to
teach you in like grade for geography
with like the handyman's I like what
each color represents Shay is pink I
don't want to be pink on a floater make
your blog brothers not low take your
pink you're wearing a shirt like this
like two nights ago
salmon yeah okay uh CTFxC is purple
green is money
yellow is other and then tech is like a
technical explanation there might be a
narrator maybe me maybe Tay Zonday don't
really know that so that's a maybe days
on so we've broken it up into nine
chapter CC one two three four five six
seven eight nine and just assume that
each are ten minutes each section is ten
minutes actually is roughly I mean the
intro might be five minutes and this
might be fifteen minutes but just for
the sake of ease of thinking so we've
been saying this is gonna be a 90-minute
documentary but what if it can be a
hundred twenty minutes we would if we
need that extra 30 minutes oh I mean we
have like the version that we submit to
like Sundance right which would be like
the tight version for the public I'd
have like the YouTube community version
which is like 18 hours I think we'll
figure it out but this is kind of like
the progress I mean we're just starting
but like a really cool flashy like intro
was like the cool After Effects and
stuff wasn't around and what we want to
talk about is industry over the ages
like people saying like the earliest
example is the Qin Thomas Edison
invented the life on a recorder yeah he
was able to actually record audio
everybody called him a pirate because it
was the first time people had found a
way to record audio and I said was going
to put all musicians out of business
interest uh which obviously didn't
happen theatre has been around for
hundreds of thousands of years but when
movies came out as a both theaters dead
but then when TV came out I said well
movies are dead nobody's going to go see
a movie when you can watch a movie in
your home the movie still exists TVs an
accessory a still exists so when people
are like the Internet is going to
replace everything it's not entirely
true what happens is that things evolve
and adapt and that's what this movies
about so so chapter 1 is kind of like
just just like this quick boom boom boom
boom boom boom like industry and
entertainment throughout the past 100
years just to show how things evolve and
then what's the next big thing
YouTube and then we start with like the
launch of YouTube in 2005 chapter 2 is
the beginning so with Shay who is pink
we talked about his parenting skills
different jobs his religion and we saw
someone in shake Harlem videos we got
marriage detected on the side we get to
learn about Charles Trippy who's really
popular on myspace his earlier videos
the vlog brothers who were estranged
it didn't really talk to each other John
Green writing Looking for Alaska and
then the start of Brotherhood 2.0 now
just because Stephen how long is this
going to take and have you seen this is
gonna be the whole speech yeah is he
gonna be gone for like it up right
there's only an hour about 90 there's
only an hour on this Corey
okay so then you just save that okay we
can sell just the of you think doesn't
mean we're only we're only learning with
straight charts through the shades right
right I use the example if you
a documentary on my life you wouldn't
just talk to me you talk to my parents
friends and family which we even delay
of you people who hate me then you're
really going to understand me from all
angles hem right so when we're learning
about the Shaytards and we're talking
about Shay Carl's parenting skills if
you like we don't talk to you yeah
there's a lot of people yeah cuz there
is things things that Shay Carl's a
terrible pair the battery's about to die
now literally my battery goes on let's
go through the rest quickly so then we
can stop can you make them stop
listening shame if applying for Google
buying you to the furniture program what
a viral video is how to upload a video
to YouTube what a YouTube celebrity
means we need to define vlogging and one
thing that we shot that was really cool
we kind of pieced together a
conversation where I talk too easy later
and that's a defined vlog and he gave
this really cool thing I'm not going to
say get a Sam for the movie and I was
like well then are you a vlogger or the
vlog brothers a vlogger and he said what
is what I know is Charles - okay Charles
Trippy and then so then when we will
interview the vlog brothers I said to
Hank I said we as he said this about you
what do you have to say about him and
we're going to end up with this
conversation and there weren't even the
same play and say where did this leave
yes it wasn't at the same time but
they're kind of talking to each other on
the record this is borio not song
could've taken it when I got here is the
shabby was real quick okay
so then you said real quick four minutes
ago gets full time for everybody then
the rise of networks how much money do
youtubers make oh we do it straight
getting out of the answer that question
yes that'll be interesting yeah
interesting we got we got some answers
okay I'm really good so this is the
editing bank this is where it's
happening right here works
hey there's John Green's on green at 7
hours and 31 minutes you got to cut a
lot out and he's a talker
all right I'm cutting Cory you're done
you're done literally my little white
matter so my battery's almost gone look
here your batteries almost done and then
we wrap up the phone we were resolving
we're talking we're falling I'm happy
man this VidCon who's unhappy some
people we got a new dog dude some people
got like chard done do not clue don't
like you mean you wanted person you
David
look raising your hand
anyways there's our movie on this wall
you'll have to come here and see it I
will send you Stevens addressee para
diniz room knock on the door three times
that's a secret code
oh I'm kisses let's unload it she's
giving me arm kisses you so romantic so
how was school today they started a book
fair huh yeah I got two books you did
already also it's a my wish list on your
wish list okay we'll do some extra
chores our next Annie actually this
I like your shirt by the way
so what did you do a PE well I hopped in
this yeah you hopped in a sack yeah
that's cute
I wish I would have been there to see it
Oh tomorrow - mm-hmm
where you have to pick it for the egg
honest did you crack your egg no it it
wasn't real make it
Oh could you drop your egg no good if
you're a professional field day player
ID to do the push-ups you did pushup
no I didn't go to get powned time I
didn't have time hello children's run-on
sentences ham and and and I did the crab
walk crab walk cool
all the wheelbarrow walk that one's fun
good job my little trash picker uppers
way to keep the earth clean yeah they're
the raffle tickets from the spring of
flu that real why they're all over the
side of the school I would be super
surprised if they did I bet they
probably were in the trash and some bag
got ripped open or something and they oh
yeah the other problem with this is
there's people's information a horrible
kind of pay attention to the trash and
put them in the trash can so you found
her perfect oh really
you better keep that number you better
keep it so you can call them no you
can't what no for watching the bunny
kids haven't seen the ultrasound yet so
I'm excited to see what they change it
you guys excited it's been fun to watch
everybody so excited to like refreshing
and refreshing waiting for the blood all
right see that that's the heartbeat see
that that's the weiner guy
tell me her brain garena my side has
been a crown really hello guys I found
something in a long time
as if I had to some hair I just got it
I'm gonna do something that I never did
for me and baby I cheese just been
sitting on the computer me and baby
chard are gonna dress up all crazy like
a bag on her head or like a hat like it
or arm or something and we are going to
show you some of those chicks let's get
started
hit it dinner Richards Tom's in the
money when you don't want it something's
gonna stretch me lace up my feet jump
onto the streets yeah running on
adrenaline I wanna be like every other
free rat little and against the wind
makes you stronger work a little harder
baby I'll be off you like oh oh
hold me back like how do you pull the
father oh I'm a slingshot kennebunk you
guys for watching this video as you see
baby termas eating chips while she was
doing and she had like her hair do like
this it's really weird yeah I did it for
her I just we wanted to be like a freaky
show up you know yeah I'm freaky show
monsters and we just like looks like um
crazy people thanks for watching this
vlog make sure you subscribe it
subscribe it and do it yeah
please like it and make sure you tell
your friends that um so they can like it
and make sure you keep watching more
sheet yes by the way the new baby's a
boy I really excited to have it it yeah
they already knew just like I might just
wanna be a boy well I wanted it bigger
but it was boy but I still like it and
patterns boy boy girl girl boy girl girl
guys bye thank you bus tonight
what night is it Wednesday it's
Wednesday night or the mall it's fun you
know to break up the week thank you
something fun we're not gonna buy
anything but we just figured that we
would celebrate that we're having a baby
boy and go walk around the mall and we
might go to Olive Garden and get some
breadsticks ours that what we're doing
in an Olive Garden are we so that's
I told mommy Tarts and she's making a
baby boy in her belly that she doesn't
have to cook dinner tonight daddy's in
charge of dinner tonight
how many of you guys were disappointed
yesterday that we're having a boy I know
there were some of you some of you guys
were trying to be like oh it's okay
right now there's some of you that were
P owed and I have to say I think our
daughters took it better than some of
you guys I thought they were gonna be
mad but the girls were really like oh
they were so happy about it I did make a
pinky promise I should have made you
guys pinky promise looks like we are
gonna spend some money let a lot of
motherhood going on I'm gonna yeah
anything I can get in this store I'll
see if I can find me some sweet like
compression hands some belly belly jeans
yeah just so cute my goodness but I'm
gonna get the top louse that allows my
belly to poke out think oh yeah that's
good I guess so
yeah I bet you are oh that's cute hey is
that mannequin having a boy or a girl
maybe should check is it a boy or a girl
oh don't touch those those are
off-limits what that same book and now
you're seeing it in the mall yeah think
of how sweet libraries are you got that
book for free and they're charging how
much they charging for this book nine
bucks you saved our family nine bucks
that means you get dessert when we go to
dinner high five good job did you check
it out at the library no but I will
tomorrow I put on my wish list because
it says father to daughter and it's me
and you oh we're father and daughter I
forgot I love you daughter thank you
excuse me oh hey sorry bro dude
nothing's gonna come between us no bro
seriously I'm sorry sons and fathers I
love you I love you more Rock chart you
know I love you the most
hey what's up dude no I didn't say that
listen oh I just told her that I can't
well then just you know I'll let them
Duke it out I play a game let's see how
many people that you can get down
walking down there to wave at you okay
let's see how many people you get to
have it you say princes turn you gotta
yell and they're not gonna see you oh
you got away there's one ding ding ding
ding what about these guys get that guy
way be right there
ready a lot I'm pretty Stern yelling I'm
even shy tanner kita Hey
nope no way they don't wave they're too
cool for school to start when you being
shy
you got him say hey wave at me Oh in the
shopping mall in the shopping
Taylor Swift just leave Maddie be
princes heart has a new crush
everything's enclosed I have F chicken
parmesan coma
Sammy la da da da da my tortillat is a
dancing queen a dancing queen indeed she
is dancing dancing dancing
she's the dancing as queen of the land
she's done fing dancing dance okay
that's not I know what you're thinking
you're like Shh that song was fantastic
and where is the link to download it on
iTunes well ladies and gentlemen some
masterpieces just can't be shared with
world you only get to hear them once
let's watch this video again what you
don't like her dancing
I fight shakes here buds shaken you're
making your mom's butt shake young lady
what did you fall off of that whatever
that is that you're on top of oh I get
it it's a question mark see duh take a
video image of me catching my daughter
jumping up a question mark oh really I'm
so tough bitch
the code type done it turn it off I'm
not hurting aah watch this trip we're
watching yeah I'm the exclamation you're
not very good at that trick Carbon
exclamation hey rap guard these guys are
also sprite hey you guys be sure to
follow me on twitter at shaycarl haha
who's Jake that yeah follow me on the
tweets and while you're following me on
Twitter you might as well add me on
Instagram and friend me on Facebook and
follow me on vine I make six-second
videos they're fun and let's just be
serious for a minute let's just calm
down the crazy rambunctious miss and
only get honest with you for just two
seconds on the vlog two days ago where
we had that little truck conversation I
really appreciated all the nice comments
all the supportive comments that you
guys gave me last time I checked there
was 7,000 comments on that video the one
who called Smosh is hot where I was
talking in the truck and share with you
guys how I really felt and just trying
to be honest and open as possible that
honestly after I uploaded that I was
nervous I was nervous to put that in the
vlog I almost took it out I was like
should I leave this in I was about to
delete it all out of the vlog but I
decided to leave it in because I just
wanted to be you know have that open
relationship with you guys and as soon
as I uploaded it the comments started
pouring in of support and positivity and
honestly you guys made me feel a really
really good so I appreciate it 7000
comments it makes me feel I read
probably almost all of them so check out
yesterday's vlog what's the mystery
video and what were the Shaytards doing
all those years ago
track us for the last five years click
on a video we love you see you tomorrow
