so what's the score now as far as boys
and girls hi
I'm logging here today's the day are you
guys excited yeah today's the day we get
to find out what the baby is and I'm
super excited I can't wait about you hi
oh yeah I'm excited
you're Newfie Unni kids are goofy this
morning because it's a fun day today we
got Scouts not TV today and the baby and
all this sorts of stuff oh you're not
excited about this no mom I'm about to
get kicked out of the baby position in
this house a little wobble well I'm
excited sorry bro well uh hello there
how are you doing this morning we have a
very exciting errand to run
today and she's wearing my sunglasses
today because he doesn't have his car
these are not your sunglasses oh these
are my sunglasses I'm a diva dawg what
we're going to see what kind of baby
we're having if it's a good baby or a
bad baby or a kind of baby rhinoceros
you got to see the baby baby I wanna see
the baby it was me boy it's gonna be
girl who knows I will love it almost
equally if it's a boy or a girl
either way I don't care as long as it's
healthy and a boy that's all I care oh
sure see it's okay I'm just teasing but
if it's a girl I approached love it as
much one just joking well here's an
honest and true this of it you like the
honest and trueness of it yeah
give me the honest internus it's crazy
to think that there is a person inside
of your home Boombah Boombah you have a
womb but why could it be on wrong whoo
but there's a little person inside that
womb that i am going to love as much as
I love the other four children which is
crazy because I love them so intensely
so deeply so emotionally and even met
this person but I already know I'm gonna
love them more than
anything ever you haven't even met this
person and you're gonna love them more
than anything on this earth you know
what I mean and you it's like a new
person imagine like if I told you you
right now you wherever you're at today
whether you go to school or go into work
you're gonna meet somebody today that
you will love with all of your whole
soul and you don't even know who that
person is yet but you're gonna meet that
person today
isn't that crazy to think about yeah and
it's funny because a lot of parents when
they have like one or two kids are like
I'm afraid of having more kids that they
won't get enough attention or love but
it's amazing how your love just grows
like I'm a fan my love is so big and
Fifi my love is like a big beefy
throbbing love it's just like monkey
wobble six throbbing the love juices
dripping off of my love you're a weirdo
I pictured my love like remember the
cartoon pinky in the brain remember in
the brain you'll remember pinky in the
brain oh it's a cartoon and I like the
brain hit like this big giant like it's
robbing brain and like get bigger like
when he got smarter that's why I took
for my love yeah just to pee or
something bro I do really know and so do
you I don't know tell look there's a car
well there's no suede yeah you do hear
push me into the car you go out killed
me you're trying to get another baby
daddy aren't you shake Harlan or another
baby daddy I did not I saw a bunch of
comments on yesterday's vlog saying that
we should not say what baby is in the
title of the video
I don't think you should either I was
thinking how presumptuous of these
people to just assume that we're going
to tell you guys
well if you haven't all until you have
the baby well yeah I'm going to tell you
what if we make them wait till they
becomes your stand away are you all
single a mine there is looking for the
farmers busted Mia I am not feeling me
and then I saw some of the comments or
like because I commented on my shaycarl
account I was like what we don't even
tell you till the baby comes and then
somebody's like you can't keep that from
us you'll be too excited I'm like you're
right gingka shut off alright so what is
it gonna be
we're moments away ladies gentlemen this
is like when Ryan Seacrest is opening
the final info for American Idol the
winner is
we'll be right back with American Idol
but we can't find out today that'll be
disappointing it happens
oh hi please going up this is a big
moment we're finding out more about this
person today think about all the amazing
writers I can't see you you can see me
enough you light on your face you drop
your hat you sure won't have five kids
it's too late are you sure about this
which open the oh great here we go
there's not looking back now weighing in
at 250 pounds it's mamita oh sorry
shut what's the big number 117 116
that's cute petite little mommy's really
okay here we are let's go key and the
doctor is not here yet you know that
means I get to play with stuff and poke
stuff let's see what is this thing oh
Jesus I'm not getting to go that okay
final guess what do you say what I think
it is say girl it's a girl is it a girl
I'm gonna say boy just to be devil's
advocate cool if I'm right that means
I'm better smarter or in tune I'm right
I'm better and smarter let's be honest I
really am anyway just means you just
guessed lucky where does that go that's
a powerful heartbeat so what's the score
now as far as boys and girls - boy well
from what I see it looks like it's made
three boys two girls
haha another baby boy that's what they
said about me another little boy we were
wrong
we thought it was a girl and everybody
that I asked what their opinion listed
it was a girl things kind of losers to
us - sure yeah that's definitely a boy
we win sundar another one to break yeah
well I don't know about that doctor hold
on slow down so basically I'm looking at
sort of things - like stomach which I
see would you want them
to my eye the spine looks normal but
those are all the things that are
apparently ecologist to see so I'll give
you that referral I see the bladder this
is that other blood see you see the
faces so yeah it's like its forehead on
the Left I don't it looks like a great
thank you call my baby a grandpa yeah
he's a little crazy look mber don't feed
him after midnight right yeah all right
there's our little gremlin that's his
face right there it's kind of freaky
looking
I think we should call him gremlin tart
ha or gizmo we named him gizmo gizmo
tart
yeah that's his scrunchie little face
right there see his two eyes and his
nose and his mouth he definitely looks
like his mom to hit oh we love you
little guy we love you little gremlin
well no because I can't believe we're
having a boy that's exciting
I don't know why I just was like
thinking everybody was right I was like
probably a girl probably a girl they're
probably right but no I think rocked
hearts gonna be excited I have another
little dude to play with he's gonna love
him Thunder it's gonna be super fun yeah
remember how sweet he was he's like even
if it's a girl I'm 11 dudes with girls
are gonna be pissed yeah they'll get
over it
princess starna baby tars she has a
button they won't even care don't be
like the little mommies yeah they will
Prince turn especially that little girl
is a little mom every time we're around
any baby of anybody she always wants to
hold us so how we're gonna tell him no I
just want me to learn I'm nervous I'm
scared to tell the girls they're gonna
be mad it's not my fault girls it's her
fault I told him that we would tell him
after school and I'm like we're gonna
take a video you can watch the videos
look and what is the other video I just
want you to tell me hey mom
you know what it is thank you
what do you think it is oh yes yes thank
you sorry for just calling I'm on the
toilet and baby we're having well on
mom's Evans here delivering our hibiscus
peak curlers thanks so much thank you
thank you
we can't tell you yeah we have to tell
my mom okay okay okay well we're
stepping okay
okay sorry I'm on Devon just delivered
our delicious drinks look at these
things okay what do you think it is I
think you are wrong it's a gremlin you
have another grandson okay oh crap hmm
do I
I have god I don't love don't look your
call that we're calling that help call
him grandpa heart now you guys I'm gonna
give him the runaround
hi is this coral hi Carl this is your
son hey hey coral I got another baby for
you we made another baby
Carl you don't have it yeah you're so
weird dad I just take keeps taking my
clothes off and she makes you dad please
see Bob but I'm not yet we've called mom
and your second sorry you didn't get oh
so you have to guess what you think it
is you win the jackpot yep that's not
good boy yep yep
you know why because boys are better
that's how everybody else was saying
girl but you were right you are gonna
have another grandson this will be your
fifth grandson water fifth grandson who
cares about granddaughters no there was
this morning
oh yeah it was very obvious - it was on
his forehead which she said is a little
bit abnormal but it'll still work it'll
still work he's gonna be a real dickhead
the camera all right okay so you guys
have to guess and if you guess wrong you
get one karate chop to the throat okay
so we're just talking about this and I
asked what you thought I thought I think
you're gonna have a hallway I think
you're gonna have a girl hmm
okay who gets the karate chop open your
throats hi boy rots art you're gonna
have a little brother
he doesn't your rock garden rock garden
Hey look your mommy's having a baby boy
you're gonna have a little baby who
doesn't care gage you're gonna have
another cousin figure that in my car mom
you know before our kids even know so
you have special privileges right now
I'm sorry I did their baby boy so crazy
yeah I really thought it was gonna be a
girl I think everybody did I thought it
was gonna be a girl honestly I really
did
it was a girl I thought I had like this
moment like it's a girl it's a girl
really saying that maybe yeah I think
maybe I'll just like accepting it I
can't see you guys having another girl
well we're not I know I have no little
baby boy what are we gonna name it I
said we can name it jebediah Joseph
Joseph at jumpin Jehoshaphat's jebediah
jumpin Jehosaphat Butler that is a great
name okay I'm going to pick up the kids
right now and Shay couldn't come with me
because he's editing the vlog for today
we're going to wait until we go home to
tell the kids because we want to be
together and want to do it together but
I didn't realize that today is the day
that Center has basketball class so
they're gonna have to wait an extra hour
the poor girls are gonna be like mom
what is it this is Ben's it's gonna kill
him I just know it I can't tell you
girls yet because daddy couldn't be here
because he's editing the video and so I
we have to wait until we go home okay
I'm sorry but you only have to wait one
more hour because sunder has alcohol
ugh Ellie I did tell your teacher but
it's secret so don't go ask she's saying
it's a baby okay high five like no you
didn't tell me yet I know it's such a
bummer
woody what do you think it is okay I'm
sorry it's killing me too I want to tell
you so bad but one more hour and we'll
go home and we'll be able to tell you
okay we are the worst parents ever right
the worst okay I'm nervous the kids are
getting home right now from school
I know Zeke I know exactly what you're
saying the girl's gonna be pissed I
think I'm really nervous if they're
gonna be really mad let's see what they
have to say mom tell you you want to
know yes you promise you won't be mad if
it's not the one you want pinky swear
pinky swear pinky swear pinky swear okay
maybe we should wait till your mom gets
here - she wants to be here okay hurry
and then we'll tell you soon as you're
done all right you guys ready
here's a picture of it see if you can
tell by looking at that picture what
does it look like you see its face yeah
because it's case what does it look like
okay look here this these are the eyes
III no smell what does it look like does
it look like it's kind of ugly looks
like it's a monster she call it monster
tard yeah I think we should call it
gremlin tard the doctor said it looks
like a gremlin you don't know what
gremlin is never seen it it's scary
okay mommy turd gonna tell him and look
this little guy is right in here
right in there come on tell him hey boy
the boy the little boy what do you think
I had a blanket that I was gonna give to
it if it was a girl
well little boys like blankets too
flowers on it okay well maybe yeah I
think Rob well you all have to share a
room with this little baby oh yeah I
don't you might get your own room
actually because Rob tartan share room
you're moving up in life dude sleeping
through the night okay let's roll yeah
yeah sure
4:28 first how about this in the middle
of the night when it's crying and
whining it needs a diaper change
you can be its little mommy well we'll
see about that now hug your dog and tell
him you love him
here's excited I have a little boy are
you excited they be tired huh
that's a sided face looks like something
excited you look like you're criminal in
a Kremlin it doesn't like a grabber
I shall shed a baby boy and have the B
bugger I loved him
hope I have the boy Batman Superman on
Batman med you guys pick them Bebo or
cyst a a bo-bunch shake on Lucy
we got swept don't see my yo-yo
