all right good morning today is a very
exciting day we have a big meeting at
maker studios I don't know if some of
you guys heard our CEO and founder Danny
diamond company meeting how many people
work here this is the maker studios
family we're all meeting here on the one
of these called steps here's all the
bosses strips from Europe to come here
and meet with the team and spend
weekends
in different phases where we pulled
around the world until we formalize the
relationship now the second chapter
begins with the character who raised
recently with a
hey dude Superman's cool
Superman's throwing a fit because he
can't have a treat because you got to
eat its lunch you gotta eat your lunch
Superman you can't have muscles to save
all those people if you don't eat your
lunch so where he just found a little
grassy knoll - have a nice bite to eat
I'm having a taco we're just out running
errands getting the car washed and mixed
to the car wash is the sensible spot to
get our lunch and while we're waiting my
stomach is not all day I know but you
can't have it cuz you got to eat your
food you stinker but no give it oh hey
come here you can't have it you've got
to eat your food no you can't have any
come here it's not even a sugar day bro
you're cheating cheater no come on
you're not stand out of the world there
you go that's the right idea I knew I'd
get you my stomach because then not all
day because tomorrow is the day that we
get to find out what the baby is
possibly I should say not for sure it
depends on if everything works out
because sometimes in the ultrasound like
their legs are crossed or for some
reason you can't see so hopefully we'll
be able to know what it is tomorrow and
then we'll let you guys know okay I'm
watching oh my goodness you're so
impressive you're amazing your muscles
are already getting stronger because
you're eating your food and you're gonna
be Superman
jumping buildings and flying through
outer space so what do you guys think it
is everybody that I've asked and
everybody that I've seen in the comments
is that it's a girl so I've sort of been
looking at girl names more than boy
names but it's not really because I feel
like I'm having the girls just cuz
everybody thinks so so I just still
don't know what is going to happen
tomorrow but I'm super excited that is a
wrap on toby turner tobuscus i didn't
feel much there i didn't I don't know
I just never know sometimes even me
shaycarl he just feel uneasy about
pulling out the camera and being like
hey here's my camera now say something
to my camera that didn't feel right for
some reason toby is a ball of creativity
and he just like this is it you know who
I'm talking about toby turner tobuscus
on youtube he talks it 100 miles a
minute he has created it's so much
different stuff he does video games he
does music and he does daily vlogs and
cause of lazy vlogs cuz he just does one
take with his iPhone one common thread
has run through all these interviews any
time I've been there during the
interviews of the documentary when we're
filming these interviews it's always I
always come away with like and this
feeling of I want to do more i I feel
maybe like a little bit and I'm like
anxious that I'm not creating more
content and I'm not doing more things
because there's so many youtubers that
are doing so much and it makes me feel
like maybe I should do more I I need to
making more videos and if I creative
enough and do more comedy skit videos to
do more music videos I can't do music
people think I'm dumb if I do music you
know and all these like thoughts and
self-evaluations go through your mind I
think at the end of the day I choose to
do these vlogs and edit these vlogs
myself because I want to be with my
family that's thing that gives me the
biggest joy is being with my wife and
kids and doing these daily vlogs as my
job gives me that opportunity to be with
them more often and if I was to you know
try to be more successful on YouTube and
create more content do different shows
and be in other youtubers videos it
would take me away from my kids and that
might sound like a cop-out like oh sure
you're saying that you could be bigger
if you just did more videos not
necessarily but I just I felt you have
to make a choice there's only so much
time in the day now a man just thinking
out loud it can't cure one thing I've
been saying to people when we sit down
to do these interviews as youtubers when
you say something and you just do this
in general
this general when you say something does
it that's okay let me just say it like
this when you as I'm vlogging and I say
something I immediately start reading
the comments and I shouldn't do that and
I've been telling people that sat down
that sit down for these interviews for
the documentary I tell them I say as
youtubers a lot of times when you say
something you think oh then the comments
will say this if I say that and you
start think about all the negative
things that people will say what the
cynics will say because of a way you
come across I wanna try to get away from
that I want to just say how I feel and
kind of figure out how I feel as I say
it sometimes I don't do that in these
vlogs because I'm afraid of what people
will say in response to that because
it's an ongoing conversation I'll say
something and then I'll read the
comments I'm like I didn't mean it like
that and they're not talking about
anything specific this ain't in general
I wanna I feel like I do a pretty good
job of being open with you guys but
there's like this vlogging voice that
you get like hey guys okay we're doing
this and that's naturally my voice
because I am you know who you see in
these videos but it's definitely a
heightened sense of it and I want to try
to be able to be more genuine because
that feels good it feels good to be
honest but I want to be able to be
genuine without being judged too quickly
I assume a majority of you are that way
it's just like the 2,000 people who do
leave comments you know not all of them
are the most encouraging and the most
thought-provoking and some are just like
this is boring what do we care and then
you think why does anybody care why does
anybody watch these videos I need to be
more entertaining and create things that
can be more spread around a bowl you
know not these 15 minute chunks of video
that the majority of people don't want
to sit down and watch I know there are
people like you that sit down and watch
but you're not likely to send a 15
minute video to your friends and family
you know like watches 15 minute video of
this family you know I watch on YouTube
I know some people are like ashamed that
they watch the Shaytards
people don't understand or people make
fun of them like why would you watch a
family on YouTube
fifteen minutes a day and so they don't
like tell other people about it because
it's like oh that's weird and no what's
this weird family doing so then I think
I should start working on like creating
little skit videos and our two or three
minutes long that are funny that people
will share around you know so I go
through all those thoughts of self-doubt
and you know that we all do that when we
encourage yourself and say the reason
you're doing better and I don't know I
just I'm just talking out loud right now
that usually when I talk it's a lot
actually no but charting the time where
you talk to yourself will just sit in
your head all right all right I'm headed
home nobody has the blog
thoughts let me now love to hear I just
I turned the camera back on I just want
to be able to communicate concise
original thoughts and doing a
well-spoken manner and a lot of times it
happens better in my mind then when I
open my mouth to say those thoughts I
want to encourage and motivate people I
want to inspire people just all those
things that everybody always says it
feels good to have people inspired by
the things you say and the thoughts that
you think and I think communication is a
big deal then sometimes when you take
for granted being able to understand one
another truly like have that empathy
where I understand what you're saying I
feel the same way you feel and when
you're able to do that there's this
great feeling of communication where you
understand one another that's how you
relate to other people if you break it
down that's what vlogging is is just
trying to connect on that human level
try to understand what each other is
going through try to get through the
mundane ities of life the hard times the
frustrations the self-doubt the worry
the discouragement you know we all want
to try to get through that and whether
it's through drugs and alcohol or
exercise or you know watching movies or
entertainment
well I want to like connect on that
basic level that makes sense you know
you go back and forth in your mind you
go from those moments of great
perspective or you're like I get it man
I understand what this life is about and
I feel good and everything's gonna be
okay and then you go to the next moment
you're like oh man I mean I'm gonna be
irrelevant and nobody cares about me and
we're not gonna make up enough money and
there's a sweet bad things that are
happening and that you know I mean and
you think fluctuating for these times
and I guess the purpose of life is to
try to find this steady even balance
through the inevitable highs and lows
that are gonna happen you know you're
gonna be then
sometimes when I'm betting I realize
have a lot of spit in my mouth that's
gross I'm sorry I'm sorry if I want to
spit my mouth I don't want to spit my
mouth but I just see what if they think
that I was made my mouth made my mouth
that means they'll stop watch my videos
and if they stop watching my videos then
I can't make money on YouTube anymore if
I can't make money on utility more than
Optima bags I know and get a regular job
I don't want to get a regular job and I
want them to like me so I don't want to
have to speak my mouth because I have to
spend my mouth they won't like me and
then I'll have to go back to a regular
job let me make up money on you too
buddy boy
it's coffee you notice it hi I just
pulled up do you want to be my video my
video just give me thumbs up it only
just pulled up just scared of it she's
probably really wondering what's going
on and she'll never know unless she
watches the Shaytards videos but I'm
just vlogging next to this lady and she
pulled up and looked at me like what are
you doing anyways
you know what I'm saying do you get
where I'm coming from okay good bye I
love you not you the other one you
already have three books out at the
library a magical place how many books
did you get this time dude three because
circles
all right she's got three chapter books
though dude are you are you really gonna
be able to finish all those look at this
big fat brain think you can learn all
your toys I got one year I'm going the
rest and the other two are really sure
dude I can see it I can see it in your
big fat brain Center just realized what
it would look like if somebody actually
had a Butthead hi I'm mr. giant butt
nice to meet you
so we're here at the learning store
we're here to get project week equipment
we equipment we're getting some heavy
equipment for this project man is over
here for which is still Thursday and
tell me what you're supposed to do for
your project and for extra credit
oh and are you going to do the extra
credit just does that mean I have to
help do the extra credit gotta work
together a month well I don't have any
qualms about getting you extra credit
I'll do my best
no Cooley's 23rd this is made out of
straws it trips me out play at 4:00
start it's fun this is a learning store
only problem with this story is I always
end up spending too much money so I need
to have some self-control
okay so we've learned that they do not
have styrofoam balls here which reading
and we're not allowed to get a lecture
system set and do it from like a model
because that's kind of cheating you
gotta do your own things we're working
out what else we can do
Wow we play with balls well there's no
there's no residual right my Mother's
Day flowers today it made me furious so
he's in trouble he's in the doghouse so
they say are you gonna feed him that no
you're gonna clean up after we know he
had a runny he did he had runs yep you
that bad give it back to me I don't know
the stomach gets hard tell your mom that
you love her
tell me that you love me what you said
was one of the things you know about her
what's one of the things I just spilled
potatoes on my shoes
I answer to name three things she liked
about me today tell him what's the one
not that she likes that you liked me and
I thought that was really sweet
cuz a dad a father should always love a
mother right that just means so much do
you have your mom just likes the way I
smell right now because I'm eating the
lip dog you don't get no more steak well
this is where we started the day this
morning at 9:00 a.m. we had a big
meeting at maker studios and this is
where we end the day in the wrong guard
and you know what these are the best
skipping rocks I've ever seen can you
imagine a crystal clear glassy lake
chucking that I can get 12 at least 12
skips on that rock I guarantee it so
we're here in maker studios nobody's
here and then Smosh even Anthony you're
coming in after the Sam macaroni
interview we interview them they're like
the last interview of principal
photography for our blog and documentary
busted busted well that's because you're
so handsome you look handsome
Yolo I just heard a story shouldn't make
me laugh but it did make me chuckle
Anthony don't explain this guy was
driving drunk and he was weeded about
driving drunk
he said hashtag Yolo at the
and then got a car accident diets a
ventilator yellow did only live once
well that was in Iran that oh is that
the dude who died hashtagging yellow oh
yeah he's an inspiration to all of us oh
yeah this is my daughter's flip cam
shirt do you guys like the new cool
thing yeah my daughter put stickers all
over that cue yeah but you just got it
for Valentine's Day or something that's
so romantic
all right so we just wrapped on shooting
what's a macaroni and now we are going
to interview the two who have done it
the longest and the best on
youtube.com/drive like been at a high
level for the longest amount of time
it's definitely you guys who would
compete who would compete maybe Phil
DeFranco I mean anything he goes but you
guys were like when I came at least on
the site you guys were number one that
you guys were like always number one and
then you're still number one every guy's
the number one channel on YouTube these
two guys and they're so humble that's
what I love about you do you want to
talk about the fact that this is our
last interview this is why don't you
tell it since you've been doing this is
the last interview of principal
photography we saved the best for last
like yes the three-month road trip that
started in ended in LA crew actually
flies home tomorrow
yeah nice today but there are you gonna
miss them are you sick of on man I it's
I mean it's both I get out for a week
I'll be like oh my god and then I will
miss them like we've been living
together for three years
yeah well I see then it'll be really
weird been living on a bus for the last
six weeks yeah yeah
all right so we're about to film them
they're doing the makeup and then let's
ask the crew after this long journey
last night work guys huh how do you feel
you guys ready to celebrate here you are
take your hat off mr. Harry you are big
beefy hair are you really
I wanted you to grow it out dude I was
gonna be like we could have like a beard
bro contest
like a couple weeks pretty manly
I don't have as many subscribers as
Smosh but my beard is way better than
theirs well they have their swoopy hair
up here yeah I have it down here yeah
yeah crotch oh love you buddy I'm gonna
miss you yeah they're coming back soon
are you guys coming to vlogger fair you
guys haven't heard there is a YouTube
convention in Seattle in the Seattle
area when is it June 7th 8th and 9th you
can get tickets go to vlogger fair calm
we're about to shoot this is the last
interview man this equipment has been
through the ringers
we're here at maker studios and we're
about to do this see you tomorrow
fuck your name Shh
