good time for healthy breakfast they'll
bring the sausage and bacon
I want the sausage and bacon delivered
to me in bed hey judges sleep great you
did great in the tent on a summer day
I slept horribly you did no it's always
just like you got a pillow we're gonna
have a pillow of sleeping on a sock as
my pillow that's like you rotate every
three minutes so now we have to get up
which I just don't wanna do there he
goes yay nice bro let's see you do it
Center get maximum swing jump up high go
I want to do it on it do it alright Shay
don't don't don't break the rope swing
for everyone swinging out a little
farther I'd be a good thumbnail Shay's
the biggest child here how'd you break
your arm try to get a thumbnail this is
what you use that's my camera right
there here's Adam whoever's Adam there's
no Adam was just in a recent vlog you
can't believe this on yourself you know
I like so many bars
why are you to film the cards you don't
want to see who's in front of us they
don't want to see who we are they want
seat Oh who's that dude that's Banksy
Banksy did that you know the Banksy is I
just felt weird that was pointing
straight up
talk to the people Adam you have two
hundred thousand people looking at me
right now say something - I don't know
what to say
what do you say to that - two thousand
people I don't know you can't see him in
the cab
I don't see 200,000 people I think you
might be inflating that number depends
on how the thumbnail is oh is it there's
a check if there's like well I mean I
don't have money half-naked chicks right
I pointed out yourself give me that
freakin thing
you're worse than Matt Damon Adams here
in town he just landed and we're gonna
hang out for the day i'ma show him the
sights he hasn't been in LA since he was
a kid Yeah right I was like 9 is 9 years
old so I'm gonna take him out to Venice
Beach
show him all the pot and then we're
gonna go to Hollywood maybe go look at
the hands in the cement you want to see
that what I really want to see to be
honest with you is I watched a show
about the drugs in LA I won't go up to
the hills and I wanna see people like
shooting for that we get in jeeps and
ride around the hills of Malibu they
give you an m16 and a spotting scope and
a Jeep it's bonded it's only 95 bucks
apiece we'll do that for sure absolutely
they give you a bong and m16 a spotting
scope and a Jeep it's one of the best
times you can do the best thing you can
do in LA and look at this this is
another thing about la motorcycles
always drive through the traffic which
is probably illegal right no it's legal
oh yeah they encourage you because it'll
give you your filming you don't wreck
yep well I had a thing to show you
no it's all right Adams here we're gonna
have fun oh we're done camping got up
this morning at 6:30 they had I should
have filmed but we had this really good
breakfast like a classic camping
breakfast of pancakes and sausage and
hash browns and I overate definitely
over ate but I was fun and then we went
on a little hike and then we packed up
and then we headed down Mike went picked
up at him so sometimes at the house
showering and I told him to search all
the cracks and crevices for ticks
because we saw a rattlesnake up there on
our little hike and there's ticks
everywhere it's hopefully we don't get
Lyme disease
we got you write this down he's been
talking for the last 25 minutes he's
about to finally do a trick
that was pretty cool as vertical I'm
killing comforted racism in today
looking for an Asian guy now
now he's yelling at an Asian guy
bring people together from different
cultures
tops and horses horses and Cubs Adam was
just asking why there are police on
horses and the main reason I asked the
cop this actually wants so I see some
horses down here it seems weird like
you'd think they'd be on bikes are gonna
four-wheeler a four-wheeler the reason
why and the told me is that they
are really good at crowd control if they
need to get through a crowd if there's
like a big fight or a stabbing or
shooting or something if cops are on
bikes trying to roll through or even
four-wheelers people won't get out of
the way and if they're on horses
right if you're on a 1200 pound animal
people like are afraid of them so people
will get out of the way immediately and
they can get through the crowd a lot
quicker and that's why a lot of the
Venice Beach cops are on horseback cool
huh
little facts here at Venice Beach you
learn something new every day hi Adam
that you do see one take six hey punk
what are you doing not Allie I'm sorry
I'm just trying to get home to my wife
who's very ill Nate finally had enough
money to buy the medicine for her so
please I just gotta get home not so fast
boy not as easy to get through me gotta
fight me me right now in this alley
please I don't wanna fight too bad but
please I wanted to get home and help my
wife yeah I'm not so come on me again
okay I'll do that
yeah yeah I'll try to get home yeah
nobody messes with me and I'm trying to
get home my wife people oh sorry man
kill him your wife and that's what
happens when you lose a fight like this
guy this is what happens when we're
really poor waiting for the girls to
finish gymnastics we usually go inside
and watch them but Ron Chad fell asleep
and I don't want to move in with that
don't want him to wake up and usually
it's super hot in there so he'll wake up
I think if we go sit in there
this is a bad idea
hey I'm taking Casper out is the second
foot we're having a barbecue with the
crew celebrate a job well done they're
about to wrap on filming almost done we
saw have a few more shots to get and a
lot of editing to do it yeah I mean
we're almost done principal photography
there's still a lot we have like a lot
like we're more than halfway well what
we're done with this six-week section of
filming is done Thanks so it's girls
night we're just hanging out here at the
store and we just found some movies that
we're excited to watch aquamarine we've
never seen this one before but it was on
sale Mirror Mirror was on sale - I'm
super excited Alvin and the Chipmunks
chipwrecked and we're just walking down
the toy aisle because the girls always
have to do that because it's so much fun
to look at all the toys the baby chart
you want to show them what we found over
here kind of funny it's to teach kids
fun training right yeah it's a toilet
what's inside the toilet well you'd be
surprised if you want to teach your
child how to go football in the potty
it's a bit a doll that that's the same
thing are you gonna write for her oh
you're such a good friend you you don't
want to buy poopy toilets at the store
for toys that
we're became yeah hello we are the girls
dates right now with Katie bad and
vision Kelly I said Colette baby yeah
baby time that rocked her he didn't
really going with us to target well he
did but he was another story the whole
time yeah and um me and baby chart got a
blue and white dress well I've got the
fluid she got the way and now you're
gonna go get some ice cream
not from tutti-frutti cuz it's closed
from from penguin pink a different place
with a script Nick but we're still gonna
have a lot of fun and then we're gonna
do that we're gonna go home we ordered
some pizza and we're gonna go home and
we're gonna watch a movie while we do
all the stuff and we're gonna wear me
and baby either gonna wear our white and
blue dresses and yes aunt a mom's gonna
show you boo got on some clothes too so
she's the were those colors oh my
goodness I'm getting a concert with the
new dresses oh that's beautiful
philosophy I have to say it was a cute
movie watch the mermaid movie the only
thing was they did say the B word once
and the mermaid doesn't have any top she
just has her hair to cover her front
part what doesn't she doesn't have so
far no girl like you a shirt it's a CG
yeah you know she doesn't remember is on
my camera case this is the end this is
the end late this is the slate where the
end Evans look on a video thank you I
gotta go people okay but Shh I'm sorry
guys I'm making an edge right go by
