hey quiet we're doing take Sunday okay
where's that cheddar cheese I need to
check it oh oh we're doing one take is
in the fridge closely funny Casey your
wife's looking up on the internet again
she just talked to me for about five
minutes about what would be funny like I
was giving you me like different things
like that I just put it in the fridge
cheddar cheese cheddar cheese oh Jesus
okay here's what we're gonna show you
guys you guys ready to see this are you
excited you guys it's a major acting
this is your I guess last Sunday we did
a little skit all right
so what oh yeah we got Arsenal crap for
Mother's Day okay you want to go right
now I know it's your day you're the mom
I'm sure that Shay planted that planter
box for me no I don't want to show off I
don't want everybody to think I'm the
best husband and father in the world but
I did I did grow I grew the tree that
that wood came from and then after the
tree was old I chopped it down and then
I build that planter box out of the wood
from the tree and then I planted these
flowers dude I grew I spent three and a
half years growing those wild flowers in
a meadow in New Zealand
I took a blimp to New Zealand and I got
okay
okay hit play on this be honest you guys
have to tell you what you think cut all
these kids turn up
what do you think he is like it you did
good son turn your line was great rocked
our had perfect delivery princess tarde
here's great it doesn't come up till May
80 though nice you knew he Risa you're
smart so the way that it's working is
it's just like Saturday morning cartoons
when's the best time to watch cartoons
Saturday mornings so they uploaded that
yesterday that's another little teaser
for Shay beard and every Saturday
morning you can expect it like clockwork
there'll be a new Shay beard so this
coming Saturday May 18th is the very
very very very first episode on Cartoon
iam go check it out you just saw the
kids watch the announcement video for
the very first time we shot that months
ago well a couple months ago is it a
month ago it's not a huge beard have you
guys seen this one Bradley have you seen
this this is the teaser for it
cool huh what do you think your dad's a
cartoon your dad I'm talking to you do
you realize your dad's a cartoon huh
he's the boat he is the button he is the
biggest but there is boat anyways the
real thing that we need to be talking
about today is this necklace this is a
necklace of elephants turtles
hippopotamuses seals and these are
special
oh sorry babe these glow-in-the-dark you
guys look come in here at quite quite I
say quiet okay this glow-in-the-dark
you have to be quiet to see the
glow-in-the-dark glow-in-the-dark baby
tart made this this is what princess
starts she killed it
she made it three Giants Thank You
princess art made it that's really good
got a cup from Sun tardes what does it
say there's so many useful items and
then nothing says we love you and
appreciate your motherly kindness
patience and love like a bunch of raw
meat being marinated in the kitchen so
we're not to slap these on oh yeah let's
hey Ben show them what else I got you I
see the most thoughtful Mother's Day
present there is I am such a good
husband and I thought long and hard over
what really showed my love and
appreciation for her being the mother to
my five offspring that a meat cooker
giant meat cooker I think this is ready
we should go grab those steaks oh it's
hot to jihad you mama look at the
ceiling do anything to prepare it just
love it babe it's fresh the flame that
is in this grill represents the flames
that is in my heart for you it does it
burns bright and warm make me a steak
already at home okay you got any wine
sauce yes
what did you did you wish yeah a case
these are those people that you can't
put any condiments on your steak or else
you're offending the meat you will
actually offend the cow if you put any
condiments on it I like to do a little a
one mixing the ranch what do you put on
your steak is that crazy I'm not ashamed
to admit it I put a 1 and ranch in a
little mixture a little little
concoction if you will so I'm tired
we'll be putting your steaks anyone
sauce up top okay you've been wearing
that shirt for three and a half weeks
now did I realize you liked knowing
orange that's a lot of freaking bugs and
for daneboe dude is that your favorite
shirt Thanks so we're gonna interview
the creator of that cartoon for the
movie you know that you don't care you
care at all you think I'm a cooler dad
no the dude who invented the Annoying
Orange for my movie my my good dads how
do you Bennett he uses the imagination
and his brain well he did a lot of drugs
that was the first step okay so remember
drugs aren't good unless you want to
have a successful TV show okay don't
forget that I'm just kidding Dane
doesn't love it no he doesn't don't
tweet him and tell my accuser that all
right so having salad
Casey is slaving away in the kitchen and
I could even do it either the girls had
to do it I was chewing at it and I
couldn't get it open look here's me
trying to open the potato salad with my
teeth I couldn't get it so Kaylee had to
do it I'd not on it dude I'm the joke
teller here's a joke I did all this I I
will go I bought the meat and I bought
the mushrooms and I will go cook this
right now let me take that out there are
you ready yeah we got baked potatoes
giant baked potatoes in the oven
anyways babe listen happy Mother's Day
she's the mom to YouTube this is the
mother of all youtube.com slash
youtube.com slash mothers they think
she's a little YouTube mom she's the
most beautiful mom in the world
where's Kaylee hey either mom
she leave anyways so I got glut this I
bet I went last night and I bought all
these flowers and I plan to this at 2:00
in the morning on this planter box
that's pretty cute right and then she
got all these cards got all these cards
from the kids what you guys watching now
it's on Cartoon iam see and it's all
fret safe so if you guys parents if
you're like listen I'm sick of my kids
oh here comes a mom right now
there she is a beautiful mom happy
Mother's Day
join us anything to your mom or have
Mother's around the world all you
mothers maybe turn I want you to say one
word of wisdom to the mothers in the
world nope you have to say a word of
wisdom to all the moms aren't you do you
think you're gonna be a mom yeah you do
how many kids are you gonna have 78
children and it's quite the offspring
I'm excited for that
all right we love you guys happy
Mother's Day to everyone who has a
mother and we thank you that moms are
the best thing in this world they
require a lot of patience love and
kindness and we love our mom and we're
very grateful for her especially and
then also my mom if it wasn't for my mom
grandma tard I wouldn't be Who I am
today and I wouldn't be where I am at
today so I love you mom if you're
watching I know she watches my mom's our
biggest fan she watches all of our
videos telegram at our deal ever love
you grandma
and happy Mother's Day to everybody go
check out cartoon iam I was like I was
sayin it gets kids safe if you're like
you know what I'm sick of my kids
they're just bugging me all the time
I had these kids I just can't get rid of
them that's like one of the downfalls of
having kids you can't give them away
just go put them in front of cartoon iam
and then go to the brows and just like
click on a video they're all family
friendly kids safe mother approved braid
my fingers what kind of weird
masochistic wrapping that sickle just
real quick can you just let me know that
I just need to know if that tickles
that ticklish
just tell me please I just asked you a
simple question to inform me of
listicles
return can you answer my question
everybody happy Mother's Day
boy everybody happy Mother's Day don't
kick the poppy poppy you guys he has a
loose tooth look this tooth right here
that's loose
oh that's vicious that is vicious
vicious he has a loose to this big one
right there that one's loose look I'm a
burglar look look see it you see that
see that we're going it it's loose this
puppy tooth ask him nicely open his
mouth Oh she'll tear out you bless you
almost got you okay I love you guys
happy Mother's Day please go check out
the new announcement on cartoony I'm and
go subscribe every Saturday morning a
new Shay bird love you guys have your
Mother's Day bite
