hi I'm login here it's rainbow time but
we're having a rainbow for breakfast
this morning because I didn't have any
more clothes or anything else but I know
now I'm going to be cool too right
that's right down your space dude I did
know me
oh no we found their distraction come on
you guys go to school I know super
pretty okay stop stop stop yeah I'm the
one with the annoying children store
it's beautiful beautiful music oh cool
okay let's go to school come on okay
show me again oh did you drop it yeah oh
man
okay now let's see it whoa
kitty doing tricks in the car oh I love
you
it's Friday are you guys excited it's
Friday and the boys are going on a
campout get some father-and-son camp out
tonight from our church so they're gonna
go camping and the girls and I are just
gonna put something really awesome today
right I don't know what
so princess hard worked really hard on
something today with her and her friends
that I'm going to show you it's really
special so you know my mom's having a
baby so we made a crib for it you did
it's so cute and that's so like the
blanket and we're gonna make like more
soft stuff this would be like little
things he can touch
he or she or whatever right she put
strings right and we're going to
decorate that is so precious thank you
and it's only you just one friends well
thank you and Justin Bieber's gonna
sleep in there until the baby gets here
right we are here at the Sports Chalet
what is a chalet is that a French word
for sports barn
I think if Shelley I think I want to
compare it to like a yurt isn't it
you're like a big tent in the forest
where you go camping a chalet like a
chalet is like in Paris we're gonna go
skiing and then go some hot cocoa at the
chalet okay ladies and gentlemen here's
the situation we have a major situation
we're going camping me and son Todd are
going at my father and son campout and
we need a slightly back way be bad I
think I just gave myself a paper cut on
one of these things I'll give myself a
paper cut okay this one this one that
one good okay we're getting this one for
son card no we're not that's more like
it
that's what I'm talking about getting
closer now we're in the right price
range
he doesn't need that nice of a sleeping
bag I think this one would fit him just
fine ding ding ding ding we have a
winner this little tiny pink one ah
sundar is gonna love it topi redonkulous
I'm just joshing I got him a Coleman 20
degree sleeping bag and they'll be good
this is rated up to 20 degrees
Fahrenheit 40 degrees Celsius
wait wait what Celsius Canadians
centigrade Fahrenheit we're going
Fahrenheit 20 degrees Fahrenheit it's
not gonna get that cold in California
that's sleeping bag I got when I went
did that one swing with Devin Supertramp
it's rated it negative 20 degrees
Fahrenheit that's cold
probably let's let her sleep in that one
hall sleep
if I get hot at night so I don't want to
be that warm you know I got a tent too
because we have a tent but it's an Idaho
we didn't bring any of our camping gear
to California we gotta get all that
stuff bring it out here do you guys like
MattyB yeah is Mady be awesome does
Maddie does he be awesome and be cool do
you like him that's just fun to say hi
Maddie
how are you Maddie I'm sure that I would
have liked happy I was that age as well
gosh
so girls are excited to have a girl
tonight I mean plus Rock chart and Zeke
cuz they're not girls Clea where perhaps
maybe what else do you want to do this
tutti-frutti oh oh no it's the battle
between 2:00 2:30 and ow
hello hey what are you doing are you a
dinosaur I think ice cream sounds great
I don't know about this Ilana
why don't we just make our own salon do
you want to go to the salon son card no
I'm going camping
I'm totally rockin it bro so cool I have
to say I'm a little bit jealous I wish I
was going camping too but I'm kind of
glad I get to stay home enough ice cream
with the girl and rock guard and Zeke oh
he says he I I would say some of my best
memories growing up are camping with a
Scouts I was scout all growing up I am
like thanks to my mom became an Eagle
Scout right before I turned 18 but man
some of the greatest memories I have are
camping with my brother and my friends
and my dad and good time so I'm excited
take centaur down we're going with our
church I guess they have this annual
father and son campout every year and
take camp Joseph Oh any of you from
California if know where that is Camp
Joseph oh I don't know where it is I'm
just gonna follow the map so I'm running
a few errands picking things up for the
camp
and before that I have to go meet with a
documentary crew right now we're about
to film with Michael Gallagher and
Timothy DeLaGhetto for the documentary
all right Briana's doing makeup once
again on mr. Gallagher well I guess this
is your first makeup application
ever ever no I yes you have but you know
no camera you dress up like a pretty
pretty princess at home at home
thanks dude kidding me why would I not
have you you're the first youtuber to
have a movie in theaters oh well you'll
be number two hahaha she's always
chasing after you did a cartoon before
me at a movie in theaters before me ah
you're an incredible person
well we shared love and bring happiness
and you could probably solve the little
North Korea thing I don't know why I
haven't gone over there what's the
dude's name Kim Jong Kim Jong moon chill
bro
unknown boom didn't they just like move
the missiles yeah but I tweeted him
that's why he did it
Dennis Rodman is hanging out with him
like every other one is hilarious
there's Robins like they're going to
Gators together each other
yeah little bro man are you serious it
helped with I had no idea
Dennis Robins like you know what I'm
gonna do for America I'm gonna figure
this out I'm gonna go get Kim jong-un
wait drunk and pierced and tattooed I
haven't seen a picture yet of them
standing next to each other because
there's like gets to his knees yeah he's
huge I didn't keep talking on its like
me before foot on a good day on a good
day Michael I'm on this wall I don't get
underneath feet I'm gonna take a picture
you roll I'm gonna wear you I'm rolling
you'll make it look like your look I'm
always rolling oh tell me what wait put
your arms all the way up here
oh good both ways doing vertical okay
why did you do that - that's a great oh
that's a good exit
oh that Instagram yeah great anything
for a picture make sure you follow Shay
on Instagram just in case you down thank
you thank you our super here okay here
we are
interview two of the day Heidi de la
ghetto what's up guy okay a tropic yeah
I'm saying saying what's what's been
going on man what's been going on like
in my life in your life I just did a
vlog on Tim's channel talking about his
future babies that he's gonna shoot your
babies you know what I'm afraid of what
because my my chicks where's that we're
gonna have like all daughters and she
wants that like four five of them and I
know they're all gonna be hot
dude I payback ah dude for all the
chicks you scammed opening yeah man
karma for all that it's gonna happen
I've been Agel with all those father's
like I don't my daughters are gonna be
like sweats everywhere in the booty cake
shows and the dudes are gonna always be
coming over holla at your girl all your
girls all of us like Rick and people
they're already like oh damn suit dude
that's gross they're not even born yet
your friends are 48 Donnie turned 17 and
Rick I can see but PD flow come on Petey
come on no it's good that's funny uh yes
we're interviewing Tim right now about
to set up and talk about all the amazing
stuff he is YouTube's Will Smith you
know that that was all that's always
been the goal I was I was hanging out on
a set the other day for this Kia shoot
and there was like three people talking
about you and how you're like one of
like a real youtuber cuz you're always
making stuff talk about me
there was Sam macaroni there was a crew
guy that was I couldn't be on one of
your shoots and they're like yeah
Timmy's always creating stuff cuz you do
the vlogs and then you're always like
new skits and stuff all the time
ro grind grinding it out is that the
secret it's just work your butt off
yeah I just feel like I just feel like
if you work hard enough toward your
goals it's like you're you're inevitably
gonna get there you don't say like I
feel people are also dude you're living
your dream and I'm like whatever look
that as a dream I just always kind of
looked at like Fame and success as a
like tangible destination that if I just
kept working towards I would you know
eventually eventually get it that's all
that you always kind of like had that
goal in your mind cuz I never even
thought of that as like a considerable
option for me to succeed in the
entertainment industry but I think
that's cool that that's kind of like you
decided as a younger kid like that's
what you wanted to do and now you're
doing it like in the same way people
like having me a doctor someone to
school woman right right doctor I was
like well I'm gonna be famous for being
an entertainer and I'm gonna do what I
need to do to get there now you're on
Wilin out on MTV what is that what is
that air it airs in the summertime and
TV - I'm on Wilin out check it check it
check it we were to think about work
yesterday nice Peter was saying unless
you feel like throwing up because you're
working so hard on a project you're not
doing enough I thought that was pretty
insightful I always say that to Alice if
you're if you get enough sleep you're
not working hard enough that's true yeah
it's like a 16-hour day job all right
say funny things in the interview okay
okay okay go get them tiger you ready to
go dude yeah you're in camp huh you got
your rattlesnake fighting kit dude there
are major rattlesnakes up there you need
to have a bo staff some nunchucks a
grenade launcher and a bow tie and don't
forget your manicure sex and trail to
get what you say is now what guys
do on Father's Sonny
don't you manicure sex set oh right I
don't know how to hear you right bang
I'm sorry I'm sorry don't punch me right
here in your face okay I like that
what are you guys watching Oh Maddie B
he's so handsome
jeez do you have a crush my MattyB tell
me she has a crush on that even you the
one that say that again baby jar she is
not shy ashamed of it me - how old is
Maddie beat
look at that that chicks too old for him
I like that dance he was just doing
centaur do that dance yes
in Atlanta Georgia that's it
do it dance like that nice nice
Maddy be my daughters have a crush on
you bro remember uncle Casey did a
parody of MattyB you guys ever seen that
you did why is your face all right your
verus princess ty really does like him
guys gonna give Maddie beer run for his
money huh we need to do like a little
pop star girl audition Prince's daughter
baby died doing Taylor swishing swishing
hey I'm gonna miss you you're so
beautiful
oh how lucky I am or the probably the
most beautiful woman I've ever married
in my entire life I'm the only one I'm
lucky you are a gorgeous sight to decide
this face coming out of your face Oh see
I talked my way into your good graces
are you guys gonna miss us well we will
the boys are headed out how's the baby
bump it's about we go on Tuesday on
Tuesday we go to find out if it's a boy
or a lame-o so we'll just see here to
get a lame-o what are you gonna do I'll
probably love it I guess yes
now we doing some camping we do with
some camping out here in the camp of
woods hey you boys you guys ready to do
some camping you got your fists ready
gauge you can be punching some bears me
rattling some jag wires can be biting
some beavers huh be throwing some what
are you gonna do taste oh I'll go ahead
with fighting some beavers one down what
is it happening
who's happening are you damn providing
somebody I thought wasn't that was a
church camp out but okay now that was
kind of has to do that first like a mold
did sit around talking about you know
God and stuff but fightin deeper psyched
son I'm gonna teach you a thing or two
about a thing or two don't tell mom
though okay God who remembers this place
anybody in the comments who remembers
that gate remembers this wall anybody
the video I was in anybody anybody
anybody ten bonus bite and beaver points
if you get it right is a great video I
shot up here I forgot I've been up here
before we're at a place called Camp
Joseph oh I shot a video right there by
that game bonus point who remembers all
right guys here's the tent we bought
today it was really nice it took like 30
seconds to set up with all these poles
is like less than 30 seconds all the
poles we're gonna go way to go find
trees eyelash though slash um cut cut
them cut the trees off lash them find
some box make some buckskin buckskin big
edge you ready you feel good about our
camp get some six alright see bro Casey
spots an elk what do you see up there
big ball he's shootin there with 408 how
was the hike bro good gage what you
having a good time
where's your shoes bro get your
moccasins gets where's your socks no
socks on this campout huh some tired you
have a good time yeah it's cool little
hike up here we just were playing some
catch just had some hamburgers and hot
dogs and just decided to come up here
and watch a sunset you know the nicest
part about this I don't have any service
on my cell phone so I can't look at
tweets I can't look at emails I don't
have to hear from my wife I mean I hey
you guys have a good time yeah why I
wonder
they're probably getting frozen yogurt
and doing their nails like real lame
stuff because I brought my manicure
stuff tonight if you guys want to do
toenails son tired you down for that huh
not down for that
dude you got some dirt on your face not
so much here or here right across here
you have a best friend bro I thought I
was your best friend
I do you cheating on me
your best friends up dude sounds like
some girly manner coming up the trail
you
