hi I'm login here Ralphie I can't put my
arms down
I love you Oh movie references it's a
beautiful day today it kinds of school
okay some parts big day today what test
is it again 62nd suite the 60 seconds
sweep and you're supposed to give like
the factors in the multiplications
answers or something about in 60 seconds
in 60 seconds and then I talked is ready
in one second right if you have two
things even very fast remember in the
test we're going to be a little bit more
stressed out so take your time and focus
don't just spit out any numbers or
you'll get them wrong okay okay bye good
luck today this beat I know right a bean
pod full row you to show your friends
who knew bean pod
your twisty bean pod love you and a kid
I'm a fool three four five six seven
great you're just like a little cute
playground girl
oh hey fun Oh II go inside pipe do if
you can do it under 60 seconds then you
get a high five
oh you got the one foot good job oh it's
okay
yes we want to be ambidextrous oh the
little victories hey guys we are on set
where do you think I am right now
where do you think I have give you three
guesses but you're only gonna need one
sorry I stole your glasses I was gonna
say is it weird getting makeup done but
with epic Rap Battles history you get
all kinds of crazy makeup done
what's the weirdest makeup you've had
done so far ah geez I don't know you're
a Darth Vader suit yeah that didn't take
although that was actually probably the
one the one where I had to take off the
Darth Vader helmet have the weird like
rotted head oh yeah yeah you were
Freddie Mercury Amir did she like dye
your hair it didn't work colored contact
lenses to make my eyes brown oh you know
the character I think that you like
embody the closest is just Steve Jobs
like you look just like him yeah like
when you have the whole outfit on and
it's the simplest costume but it really
it conjures the character it really does
well it does all right so we're about
the interview uh Peter and Rihanna is
applying the makeup to make them look
handsome handsome handsome and peter has
a new puppy let me put what's his name
Charlie John Charlie
pretty kitties a rescue Peters a nice
person and he rescues animals that are
need in need I got years old I got
yelled at cuz up when we got our dog I
didn't get a rescue but I was nervous
because we have kids I don't know if
like you know I yeah yeah bad excuse
all right so we're about to interview
Peter for the documentary we just got
done talking to Lloyd and the crews
moving all the stuff the gear there's
Alex there's Charles and Ali on his
right there nipples and lamb
walks down there to the puppy pups can
you say that again oh my gosh they have
to shame
oh no we started watching Nemo and
rockhard came up to me and he was bomb
listen he did it and it was so hilarious
he's swimming out to sea yeah no it's
right this is a super intense part mom I
can't be bothered right now I'll do it
later I'll do it later
huh what's happening to me mo can you
say Leo shopping out to sea
fine fine I'll catch you later
check out Z oh so comfortable oh I just
need to lay out and stretch stretch
around hey would you do one you look
super comfortable dude quit filming me
I'm trying to relax even though I know
how very far apart we are
it helps to feed we might be sleeping on
the same it helps to sleep underneath
out where
I just felt an earthquake and it freaked
me out because Shay's not here and I'm
just here with Zeke and rock guard and
we're scared
OK ROCK tardes not scared at all I'm the
only one who's scared Zeke barked once
but I was like oh it just happened I was
sitting there doing my makeup I know it
was kind of scary wasn't it were you
scared I think you're okay though huh
yes you're okay so I was doing my makeup
but I have a mascara I was gonna put it
in the tube to get some more mascara and
there was like a rumble and I was like
what was that
and I'll send went full it was just like
one big jolt kind of scary anyways and I
got mascara all over my hand that's why
I don't like living in LA that's the
only reason well traffic
I don't like traffic but yeah especially
being in an apartment building and being
on multiple floors ah I felt him to wait
and he's finally waiting usually he runs
ahead and then gets in trouble okay
we're getting to the point where I can't
chase after them anymore because my
stupid sciatic nerve thing every time I
start running like oh oh oh oh my hip
both outfit oh oh the joys of being
pregnant
that's okay huh cuz it's worth it it's
worth it to have a little bug like you
running around the little bug where'd
you go there they are let's go
okay kids did any of you feel the
earthquake I'm Jayden feel the
earthquake yeah your teacher said your
your rooms always an earthquake so
nobody felt it in your classroom you
didn't fill it Sun Park I did it is
probably at the time when we were
playing shockers I don't know it was
just a few minutes ago it was like 30
minutes ago right before I came to pick
you up well I'm more crazy
I felt it because we had to go into the
tape really you have classroom felt it
and you got out of the tape I'm someone
under the table farted what what was
funny was it you know I was explaining
Troy okay Troy Troy and his earthquake
farts that's disgusting
so what do you guys think about the
getting under the desks I know the kids
have always been taught to get under
your desk or an earthquake but I
couldn't I don't know
I heard a study that this guy did on
earthquakes and realized that if you're
under the Desson you get crushed but if
you play by the side of the desk that's
called the triangle of life like that's
a pocket like that doesn't get crushed
does that make sense anyways let me have
you guys think on what you've heard cuz
I have mixed emotions about how to
protect yourself in an earthquake hey
you guys we should start a club where we
run a mile every day after school
oh we do do we start that Club I didn't
realize we did sundry do you wanna do
that oh we are oh okay cool
we're in a club you guys don't you I
shoot our club I'm in the club daddy
I've been in the club ever since you
guys initiated me remember that dangling
don't beat me up club president princess
turd Butler running like champion she's
gonna be in the Olympics one day mark my
words
gold medalist right here there's future
linebacker for the Los Angeles whatever
they are gonna be even future linebacker
for the Los Angeles Sun tards hey did
you know that they're gonna name an
entire NFL team after you you did I
don't know that you're smart have any of
you been doing the after-school one mile
club it gets easier and easier doesn't
it I can already tell these kids are
getting a lot better at it cuz I
remember the first day we did it they
were huffing and puffing we're talking
as we go and it's really fun this know
so good I hear spring is in the air look
at the gorgeous landscape what the what
a view huh zekiel push it all the way
through to the very end don't quit hard
as you can
nice Cobb nice job I don't know I didn't
turn my it was forgot to turn my sorry
guys I forgot to turn my run app on I
use runtastic I think it's called no
promotion just that's what I use some of
you were asking are you mad I didn't
turn it on you think you hate my guts no
and you can punch me in the small
intestine if you want okay now this is
gonna hurt
but actually small intestine it's in a
really weird place so you have to put a
glove on where you punch me there one of
the thing I'm I'm not really excited
yeah I'm really really really really
really nurse I don't want to do this
okay down nothing
work in drugs
hello hello you want job
okay sundar come film he's gonna jump
whoo yeah yes
all rights I'm tired is assisting the
gymnast in today's routine her hands are
getting slippery she has to dry them off
we should have brought some chalk pick
her up get him get him get him
almost almost got it okay now swinger
okay now it's my turn to sit up on the
high filming spot I'm scared you guys I
don't want to do this but she's making
me do it
go for it all right go for this gonna go
for the lower one we should've brought
some chalk her hands are getting
slippery okay she's changed her mind she
has decided she wants to go for it she
just wants me to get out of the way give
her a hard push harder than that
go hard
that's good that was still cool did I'll
just sit here and watch guard make sure
no bad guys come to try to mess us up
you guys are doing a great job
oh hey buddy what's going on yeah I'm
just watching over here okay sounds good
I love you now we are venturing out into
the Ã¡rboles Sun tart is climbing the
tree hey Sun tart I saw some comments
from the vlog the other day people
saying he had nice calf muscles grow
when you were doing that rock climbing
yeah bro nice calf muscles hey bro bro
night hey hey bro nice calf muscles bro
don't bug me doubt I'm trying to call it
- Trey climbing the tree look how far
down it is they could dine this is
intense go out there on the edge on to
get an Instagram picture that's me not
on the edge you just like walk out there
into the light I'll be good for the shot
alright guys up here I see you we
decided to climb the tree
it's hi Zeki oh okay who's that
hey lay down you're tired you just ran a
mile Zeke you climb up here higher
princess are you so daring okay for our
next stunt we are running and jumping
over a skateboard and probably springing
our ankle nice jump dog princess heart
up next has an eight hundred yard
headstart hopefully she makes it cleared
it nice job guys
to pull you're close enough to hold you
I'll close my eyes I see you
even when the sky will find you even
when my heart stops I'll keep looking
cause I know I will find you
you
you know
