Shaytards take one so I'm super proud of
myself today I helped stay out with
getting the vlog up and I normally don't
do like all the annotating and all that
stuff at the end and I just kind of like
figured it out and I'm super proud of
myself I know we've been doing vlogs for
five years and I haven't really done
very much of that I used to do it a
little bit more but I haven't for like
at least a year I know right crazy and
now it's time to pick up the kids from
school however look at this me too
they're in the same position I guess I
gotta do the transfer again let's see if
it works yeah we did it
I've got my babies in the car how you
doing good how was your day awesome good
sweet cool radical love you mail worm
time app I see your mealworms this is a
pupa this is missing oh they're big
they're not like no ones I've seen
where's the pupa thank you
what does that mean it means it's going
to be a mealworms you know it's going to
be a it's gonna be a you know oh cool
yes you can see when we stop at home
okay no passing the mill arms around the
car I don't want random mill worm spilt
in the car no it's not gross it's cool
guys when you got no rooms you're
learning something right so save your
mealworms if you find some in your house
it yes another beautiful day here in
sunny Southern California and today on
set we have quite the setup check this
out would you we have three Los Angeles
Police Department helping us lock down
the street here's all the crew planning
the setup there's Jon on San macaroni
and our director Alejandro and then
there's all the other dudes and then
here's a light and then here's my Kia
Forte we have it on what is called Sam
senator Sam he's busy I'm not sure I
think it's called a good trailer know
like that there's an actual term for
anyways this is how they get shots of
people that are like driving safely hey
who's that
that's just your citizen
you see have you shot some already yeah
I was I was faked driving all morning
see whenever I've seen a movie where
somebody's driving I always feel like
they don't look at the road enough it's
distracting in the movie when you're
watching and they've turned to like talk
to the person like glance the road every
once in a while it's too obvious I agree
with you so make sure you glance at the
road periodically green screen was the
way to go right this is real life man
what is this called is there a term for
this apparatus Laurent
yeah it's called stage board driveway
that I said it was a trailer that was my
technical term oh this is a trailer
let's ask Sam what is this call that
we're on right now is there an actual
term for it's called a picture car
picture car that's what it was
flatbed to picture car Chester I think
it's a price of processed truck I'm
pretty sure it's called a stage board
drive he called it a stage word drive he
made that up huh well I know that's a
crap that is a clap board we are on a
picture car the thingamajigger jibbers
we actually have the cameraman what's
this called he's gonna really tell us
what it's called this is the process
trailer I called tribes just called it a
trailers I guess that's the picture it
allows you to conduct your process or
your processing on the trailer yeah yeah
tell us what kind of equipment were
working with here as far as camera
equipment we got to see three hundredths
very nice canon cameras are those good
cameras or great kids
that's what we're shooting the
documentary on yeah I know I've seen the
behind the scenes photos they're awesome
great latitude it can't go wrong with
the latitude
yes we won't be going swimming anytime
soon two weeks two weeks it said three
weeks on the paper but it's sent from
May 7th May 21st okay there goes Chester
and his giant trailer in the car so this
shot they are filming him driving by
right as I pull up in the tow truck and
then Nathan's gonna be I love you
I think we're good mushrooms and onions
on anything and I would eat it I love it
so I'm making a dish that's vegetarian
because today is Milla's Wednesday we're
just flip the head upside down and we
have Wednesday now because we missed
meatless Monday this week anyway so I'm
just trying to make a conglomeration of
like this sauteed noodle kind of stuff
that I remember my mom making when I was
younger it's gonna be sort of a mixture
of her creation of my creation because I
have tons of leftover spaghetti noodles
from princes charts birthday and I don't
know what to do with them so I thought
millet noodles don't have me let's make
something join me on my creation making
today's okay guys back in our truck and
look what I see out my front window I
have a whole crew hate Erica do a little
dance dance
Terrica dance now Tim Deegan dance dance
dub digging yeah I like What's Up nigga
dances nice Tim diggin
dance with terracotta terracotta with
Tim Deegan
yeah I wanna dance dad's a lotta chrono
shootin for the documentary c300 c300
see fear on c300 all over the place
there's Tyler hey Tyler
hey ain't Tyler what's that shirt you're
wearing dude what's that's that thing
you've never heard of that
interesting interesting YouTube a hey
and this guy can I ask you a favor
sure give me a little give me a few bars
of some opera bro don't be shy yeah the
director is an opera singer uh-huh
that's art ladies and gentlemen okay che
is currently to the tow truck on the
back of a bigger truck you cannot get
more official in the moviemaking world
than this like are you kidding me hey
say hi is on the truck on the back of a
bigger truck now they need a truck to
figure out how to carry this truck I got
sound guy that guy takes pictures so
he's got his own police he's almost like
the president right now
see his police he really said president
che he's got a motorcade you have a
motorcade
okay president che is about to leave
and they're off
what a try/catch office it's so awesome
hurry come on this is so official
if I could drive to work like that every
day I would okay now the crew just sits
and waits for president shader return I
do all my own stunts oh that's a bad
idea that was a little too close for
comfort
I see his motorcade must be a very
important man coming along I see a lot
of officers
okay
I wasn't dude you don't it feels like
because there are so many people in the
neighborhood and like this is like a
crazy obstruction driving through the
neighborhood I feel like I'm in a parade
his ever he's looking at me and I'm like
my character I'm supposed to be like
smiling wavy so everybody is like my
best friend everybody on the road was
like looking and smiling and waving the
only thing I was missing is a bunch of
saltwater taffy candy to throw out to
people yeah I got all the kids just out
of school so all the kids are like
nothing I can compare it to is when I
was in a parade once and everybody's
looking at you and waving and smiling I
can't call your president shake is like
a motorcade yeah there's like eight guys
on motorcycles running around me this is
cool hey guys I just wrapped I'm done
with the shoot beautiful gorgeous I'm
being a film nerd right now but hanging
out with film nerds the last three days
here their eyes gerd you hi pumpkin
what are you doing are you doing
training tonight
okay run them down there go run them
down to the end fast fast fast run
sprint wait what
five bucks that's a good deal
how much does rock hard get uncle high
won't go high even for me gross okay
good point you want to go high
my shoulders okay okay we got an
artichoke that I roasted instead of oil
to time or steams and then this is the
creation it looks like a big goulash
mess and it's going to be yummy and then
this is the salad I'm not gonna tell you
what's in it until we try it and then if
we like it then I'll tell you what's in
it but if we don't like it we're just
gonna scrap the whole idea and shake
cards ready are you ready to eat Chico
oh okay I call you have to eat like that
meat are thirsty okay but I call the
cuphead house to pray for gifts to pray
it's a privilege to pray for drums hey
guys me right now
and cut
all right that's a wrap on episode 1563
of the Shaytards log's
thanks for joining us today if you guys
haven't subscribed if you're brand new
if this was your very very very very
first Shaytards vlog where you been bro
please subscribe it's right there
there's a subscribe button subscribe
it's free you can watch us every day
hang out and be happy and love each
other and make goulash notice how there
was no update on the goulash pasta it
was actually good the kids did like it
and I think rock tart almost threw up
when he was eating it because I made him
eat two bites and he gagged but I liked
it I thought it was delicious mommy tart
your cooking is my favorite of all
cooking we love you guys check out
yesterday's vlogs
see what the mystery video has in store
for you and what were the Shaytards
doing four years ago to day what about
three years ago two years ago one years
ago it's all right there in the middle
we love you and we will see you tomorrow
