what'd you find
okay let's try to find that one too
where that one is this B that's green
one okay where's that one
this yellow oh that's kind of orange huh
alerts yeah - beetle find this one
that's my favorite color
funky dead
that's daddy it's a beetle it's a beetle
daddy you're a beetle we love you daddy
beetles do you like reading books fresh
fish for Saturday there it is nice
- mommy where's which one yes oh yes
there's two of them there's Nemo you're
getting so good at - you may have looked
at this few times before huh and his
nails are not orange though Ali peanut
is now yesterday how you got a manicure
yesterday yeah well that's you are you
Nemo fish heard me where's Nemo's dad
daddy
there's daddy Nemo his toes I can't
resist I can't resist you both have a
great day today
your outfit whew oh yeah you're getting
your mail rooms tomorrow I can't wait I
just can't tell you how excited I am to
get mill worms for the house baby nurse
how was your day oh man we have oatmeal
yeah we do reach out stir baby dad tell
me how your day was tell me what you
learned today it's a rainy day
oh right yes it was a rainy day this
morning and the girls were frantic
running around the house trying to find
their umbrellas and princess heart found
hers that baby's heart cannot find hers
so it was very traumatic
however once they got to school the rain
stopped so you didn't even read it I did
I found it buried under which is
definitely thrown in the corner rough
that's why it's smart to clean your room
kids then you won't lose your stuff it's
funny when they lose stuff in their own
rooms right thank you you ready for
bathroom every day have you been
practicing in your mind ready all right
love you just like go play mom one
waiting and embarrass okay I'm thinking
that I had always known it as lightning
but they're calling it no I'm not sure
what you guys call it but it's the game
where if you do it anyway it's just
lunch
there's playing lightning for whatever
the person behind them juju - you gotta
keep shooting
I mean you know how to play it ya know
you're gonna get hurt dude you can't
play yet okay yeah I just let him finish
he made it good job he's not out yet but
we'll have to practice that we're not
holding that'll be fine okay stop he's
up okay so he didn't understand the
rules at first and so I was telling him
and he's like I know Mom I know I
realized that that was probably one of
those moments where he did not want his
mom telling him what to do shoes off
door open deep breath it's time to do a
beach run sand man mr. Sandman bring me
a dream war make him the cutest her her
her the cutest that I've ever seen what
would - thank you Wow I'm gonna go run
it this is just okay bye I'm going
running bite
ask yourself honestly what do you want
to
what are you willing to do to become
that person
oh no you guys I'm busted the popos here
dude they said I was running too fast on
the beach I surpassed the speed limit
they're everywhere guys they're on to me
oh no passage is a kid and there's just
a lot of cops in the parking lot for
some reason I was just pretending like
they were arresting me for running too
fast on the beach was this totally
ridiculous because you can't run too
fast off the beach that's not even a
rule whew but I feel better and I'm
sweaty huh my legs are sore but man my
Adrenaline's up and my receptor light
better turn this off seriously they're
gonna bust me hey guys guess what
today and beep I was playing capture the
flag I jerked out a lot of people I was
like who we um usable as the flag since
we don't have any Flags today I ran in
the circle there's like a circle with
the ball in it and the other team can't
go in there and get you but you have
five seconds to either throw the ball to
the to another teammate on the other
team's side or just run and when I did
who was I nobody thought too so I ran
and I duped a lot of people and then I
ran past them on awesome there was
another time today where this kidding
well just this kid he was running and he
ran in the circle and he threw it to me
and I and there was a mud pile next to
me you know what I did I accidentally
slipped on a mud pile but then I moved
and I duped out this other kid and they
passed the line it was awesome so yeah
man today I had a really great day at
school I had today after school
basketball I made a few hoops and the
games it was awesome man hope you guys
are having a great week I know I'm
having a great week let's go see what
monitors do she doing okay she's on the
phone guys gotta get up so beat are you
doing what are you doing watching
Curious George you're doing I'm just
still mark guys we're kind of where my
business
boring work and working yeah pretty much
yeah pretty much did you tell them you
pass off like three more achievements
for Scouts no I did not tell him are you
just not as excited as I am about it if
any of you parents have ever done Scouts
you pretty much know that you're doing
all the work
not
really I'm the one that says okay come
sit down let's do this yeah that's okay
though
we're gonna get your Eagle man we're
gonna get you there we're gonna get job
okay mom
I know yeah okay
so you heard what mom said I got I'm
gonna pass off stage she then said yeah
there's a great day hope you guys have
one too and look I accidentally found
myself on a date with this lovely lady
and look at this we are at a place where
they grow their own spearmint oregano
and when I first walked in when we first
walked in here this is what I saw I saw
these and I saw a marjoram and for some
reason I thought I said marijuana look
you're in the garden you're in the
marijuana garden check this out
there are micro greens growing here I'm
not sure to micro Green is pretty sure
it's smaller than a macro green and they
even have a rope because they are so
proud of their micro greens I don't want
you getting close to and breathing on
their micro greens what is that it's
like seaweed how do they know this they
have like sideways lawnmower dude comes
out here and straps to the side of the
wall but yeah these micro grains aren't
doing so well they need to water their
microgreens a little bit better this is
micro green neglect and it's worse
ladies and gentlemen
no oh you're smelling our microgreen
smelling our microgreens there I just
want to express the feelings that I have
inside my body right now are that of
happiness I was just telling my lovely
lady here I was like think about it babe
we live in Los Angeles California we
have four beautiful healthy children I
have a career that I love and that pays
us well enough to provide for our means
and I think we're pretty much in love we
love yes I really love yeah are we sure
there forever
yes forever ever and forever like so no
question
everything's great nothing nothing that
all could go wrong unless uh that's
asking for trouble but that's the giant
lion here in Culver City what do you
think giant lion
oh good stretchin curtsey mother curtsy
hello mr. lion
your hair looks long lean back more like
that I wanna see your hair dude you just
swing through that stuff I look at me I
didn't even mean to do this I was like
leaning the camera just because you're
doing that
suggestive body language we just went
and ate and now we're gonna go to the
movies
let's go not singing that's it cops and
robbers here we are at the Pacific
Theatre soon I love when you sing some
of my favorite moments in life we're
listening to you sing cops and robbers
what I want you to do I want you to walk
in here like you own the place now what
you gonna do a big swirling spin right
in the middle of the Fourier for a like
you own the place mami tarde let's go to
the movies let's go see the stars
I like the acoustics in here let's go to
what happens when you look at my pants
oh my gosh you smell the time like the
battery's gonna die turn it and then we
made out in the movie theater we saw the
movie 42 really good with Harrison Ford
it's the true story of Jackie Robinson
number 42 and I never knew that number
42 was the only retired number in major
league baseball that's pretty cool it's
crazy to think that that actually was a
thing that that was the segregation
really happened in this country it's
almost embarrassing really good movie
highly recommend seeing it whenever I
see like a true story like that I always
come home and like look up on Wikipedia
and like look up all the facts those
cool story Jackie Robinson check out
yesterday's vlog feeling like you don't
have this work
click on a button we love you will see a
tomorrow
