all right it's time for school good
morning good morning good morning
there's a little mr. cars man on his
tricycle let's go it's tar baby tard
round them up great for school put your
backpack got your hat and your brightest
pink sweater in the world
that's cute cute finger now like it okay
every kneel down and pray daddy has to
go to a shoot today all day time for
school - oh my goodness there comes Rock
chart around neck stretch daddy's head
into work so I have a shoot all day that
I'm headed to this is what's youtubers
call a brand deal it's really good
opportunity for us and it's something I
get paid to do so this is like an
official job for me I think some
youtubers don't like to talk about those
things but I just I feel like you guys
know right it's like easy to be
transparent with you guys but I got an
opportunity I've done a brand deal for a
long time what's the last brand deal I
did it's like a brand deal is an
opportunity to work with a company or a
product and we make a piece of content
that helps promote whatever the product
is in this case it's with kia kia kia
forte the new Kia Forte car you guys
remember probably was it two years ago I
did a Kia brand ale with Lisa Nova and
Smosh guys remember that was forever ago
but today I get to work with Chester see
who was really talented musician candy
Johnson who I think it's part of the
mom's view with Colette and she's like a
beauty guru DIY you know all those
beauty guru chicks and Sam macaroni and
Nathan Barnett do you guys know Nathan
Barnett he was in that dance video for
Kimberly Cole you guys remember that
Athan Barnett's a hilarious student so I
am gonna be on set all day I don't know
how much I can film but it's really cool
I'll be some Instagram pictures I'm sure
so follow me on Instagram and I'll take
some big Instagram pictures and maybe I
can film a little bit on set I think I
get to drive a tow truck all day so I
realize it's meatless Monday but today
we're training me listen I make for
another day of the week because I had a
roast in the fridge so I was planning on
cooking earlier in the week but didn't
get a chance to so now I'm making it now
so that it doesn't go back and there it
is delicious roast little weird
it's calling me simple dinner of roast
sandwiches and salad what do you guys
think crunchy underwear eat my chips
well I'm glad what you did not fight you
 I thank you for helping you're such
a good helper
I love how they're backwards he usually
likes him that way because the picture
is always on the back he wants it in
there you see what you do and what new
an ap√©ritif at you I'm sorry you don't
get any of this I admit I did put a tiny
bit of roast beef shoes on his dinner
she's gonna love me but he might have
diarrhea
I know it smells so delicious of a
little doggies and now I'm excited
because Ali's coming to visit us we
haven't seen her in quite a while
we know she work with us but now she
still works at maker but we haven't seen
her in a really long time because she's
in a different area so I'm excited hey
I've been on set all day you guys with
these lame-o's Hey I got really excited
no Aziza you're vlogging I don't know I
just I just see on the internet you're
on the Internet the www is candy
Johnston's here we've been beautiful and
they had to guess they kiss maybe I
should kiss for my vlog go ahead and
make up we're shooting something I'm so
I'm gonna say cuz I'll get in trouble I
always get in trouble and they're like
you have to take that down you can't say
that yeah we're shooting something
together and I wore this sweet jumpsuit
to show them the bat oh my gosh there's
my favorite part okay there's your name
you look fabulous
it makes you dance I like it's like a
big baby onesie yeah but this is the
best part
yeah I'm moving in look at are you gonna
sell these absolutely check them out at
Rodeo arcade calmly
I would buy one giant baby onesie
now Chester's Billabong camera give
advice just some piece of advice here so
here's the secret to vlogging a lot of
people ask me what the secret to
vlogging is it's hard to get your camera
out in the moment to be like ok I'm
gonna get my camera out and be funny and
say something entertaining the secret to
vlogging is this ok now we're rolling
okay the secret to vlogging is knowing
when to get the camera so instead of
like okay I have to make a vlog I'm
gonna get my camera out and try to say
something funny and enticing and
entertaining the key is when everybody's
laughing it's like I had somebody yes
when you pull the camera that's the
secret on it you have to know when to
pull the camera because you can't be
like okay after making video hey guys
something something something something
something funny entertaining it doesn't
work with with the moments whenever is
like hahahaha I think that's kind of
what I did with this though I don't know
why I'm pulling this girls cuz I was
entertaining say that is talking oh
that's right dizzy that's the moment
okay Chester knows how to fly speaking
of dudes who can dance like a crazy
monkey this guy is the craziest dancer
monk er yeah where's your RipStik likely
story officer Nathan I bought it at the
toy store dude he was RipStik and
earlier he let me try it it's kind of
hard with these boots on it's called rip
stick right he was down the road rip
stick it along you type for a second I'm
like leave that security guards rip
stick it down the street oh oh here's
the director window
with somebody missing somebody not you
so much hey no biting no biting
I mean we're dating
give me money come over everyday you'll
be rich doing still um no sugar
yeah we're trying that a movie yes it's
cool I think they're minute one Power
Rangers Samurai
favorite cartoons to watch as kid I
don't know about you but they can't buy
it and then throw it through the
birthday girl we have a Hello Kitty
cosmetic set about timing oh how did you
figure it out they're trying to get and
put on your toast okay
perhaps chard who's next
Princess hard make over time do you want
to do the next one yeah okay it's not
for me to stop a show this is just
happening what's happening right now
ladies you look fabulous fabulously
gorgeous oh my goodness
I mean they're super cool you know that
was so nice of her to give it to you say
thank you yes if you're going to say
thank you as well give it with a great
hug you guys check out I'm hanging out
in this green tomato it's green mater
I'm in an old tow truck just like in
cars look Rach tard
daddy's in a truck just like mater this
is an old truck I think I was just
talking about with Nathan Barnett
userdata Barnett he's so famous and cool
how many of you in your cars both your
windows with these there's gonna be a
day and age where kids have no idea that
this is how you used to roll up a window
not by pushing a button huh
anybody still have a car with a manual
roll look there's the cops cops officer
here come show my truck come grab my
camera and film me I look cool in this
you guys let me get a copy okay the
numbers County sir filmed by officer
mega anyways it's been a long day I've
been on set all day and we're about to
do the last shot I gotta go back there's
the camera it's on what is known as a
jib so they can do these big wide
sweeping shots there's some of the crew
there's Lane Parvati and Jon Nam you
guys recognize them they've been with
maker studios for three three and a half
years now it's good that I know how to
drive a stick that was one of the things
when I showed up the producer Tara goes
like oh no do you know how to drive a
stick I'm like heck yeah I know how to
drive a stick this truck is so old that
it has a hole in the ceiling you just
wanted to see a palm tree
look there's a palm tree Oh cute a palm
tree through this it's a sunroof the
smallest sunroof known to man but you
can still see the beautiful nature
through my son Rivoli put the sunroof
down is not only smart but it is finally
finally smart we rapped on set hanging
out with good buddy it's like he just
shaped good we're gonna go we're having
meeting right now but we're gonna go eat
some food first cuz we're hungry
look at this selection but nowhere near
the fine selection of entertainment
internet videos that you have place
right before your eyes oh yeah there's
so much entertainment check out
yesterday's vlog it was princess arts
birthday if you hadn't she was reading
comments yesterday actually she was
reading comments but she's like dad like
all these people wishing me happy
birthday so if you haven't go with your
happy birthday on yesterday's video see
what we were doing one year two year
three year four years ago and there's a
special video right there for you Brett
the intern is doing a
project one-third where he's losing a
third of his body weight and we do some
pretty crazy yoga go check that out
we'll see you guys tomorrow
