are you so happy it's her birthday and I
let her pick out her own cake she's been
doing it is better than anything right
some ice cream cheese cake cake and ice
cream the great thing about the ice
cream cake the kids make it very easy
every time there's a birthday that's all
they want is ice cream cake you don't
have to go through the whole rigmarole
of you want chocolate
what kind of frosting you are cuz they
only make one kind and so that's the
kind we get and then we decorated all
cute for your birthday cookie super
fighter number two colors oh my gosh
okay we're headed to another birthday
party Center our chance to present being
crazy we got him to super soakers this
is centaurs friend's birthday and the
great thing about it is you have little
sister the girls are going to play with
for a couple hours and then we'll go
home and get ready for princess Dora's
birthday happy birthday thank you I love
you check it out princess are you
excited you're super lucky because just
cuz it's your birthday the boys you let
me climb with them can't time right I
know
not today it's not your birthday
sorry little Stevie knows but guess what
you'll have to tell your dad about this
fight and thank dad yo we got to go
climb in bro she's thinking about how
can I sneak in here and start climbing
hmm whoa hey dude good job
whatever you do don't look down as he
looks down
what we should have read you should
erase your sister's coming up engineer
you're going to go faster to fast
good job you guys
nice nice drive here with a scary I did
not a bruise or your leg shaken was your
boat shaken my butt shakes when it gets
too high how was it do you like it
I find happy birthday girl let's go
sometimes Go Go Go Go Go
all the way to the top
this is way cool isn't going to go to
work out che we need to come back and
play look deep and have a workout area
where you can do weight
okay let's go Oh a spider monkey
oh now we're going to the hard stuff and
his arms are getting tired
make shaken he's not giving up yeah this
all is and I hate to say it actually I
love to say it once the Chinese actually
beating all the boys
come on you can do it jump for it
ah we have done this at least ten times
now he's getting tired was it hard
are you an idea short item like which
one should I get one - yeah they're
small huh those are the hard ones you
have to use just your little finger tips
like this like this guy you know your
dad is an amazing rock climber he can
scale you can do the upside down walls
like that okay yeah it's cool and really
hot to just say here's Prentiss chart
and I love that she's wearing her Hello
Kitty shoes she's behind me this wall
you can do any it's your birthday you
can do anything on your birthday
use your legs don't you love when your
parents yell at you while you're doing
something
because I know everything so she should
just do whatever I say right new year
since that rock slide rock slide rockets
time may be distracting rocky rocky
claims you're almost there
that is it tall wall I tell ya oh there
goes two shoe huh you need it anyway
good job honey
good job both tiring on you just like
your dad this little spider monkey just
fell just approached me about princess
heart being in the climbing tton
she thinks she's good enough to do the
climbing so I'm like so cool right
good
job
yeah
good Tommy
hello 563 did I say 568 yeah I am in 84
just kidding
we're decorating and we brought a pump
lit but it doesn't work stupid balloon
pumps if anybody ever knows a brand of
balloon pump that actually works help me
out eat dude the scissors
we're bullying a balloon stirred over
there doing their streamers is do like
this well that worked all right bloody
Hackett's work up for somethin good
thing dude thanks for the bloody hatchet
we're weird all right we're back from
the rock climbing gym even though I
wasn't at the rock climbing gym because
I was at home uploading the vlog and how
are your birthday today gay was your
birthday today
hey are you having a good 8 - birthday
well look we got balloons look at all
the balloons get some balloons hey you
got your swimming suit on are we going
swimming
remote swimming we're going to MIT I
want to swim in it Michael Phelps
impression all right so it's princess
cards 8th birthday we are having people
over we'd have a big spaghetti dinner
cuz everybody knows that's princess
cards favorite meal that was so funny I
was like we can do whatever we could go
out we did it before the pizza whatever
you want to disrespect yeah princess
tard loves Colette spaghetti and I gotta
hand it to her she makes her pretty cone
good root spaghetti you know what I love
though me struggle have spaghetti at
other restaurants it should have it at
school and she says nobody makes my way
mom makes it the best
and the best Getti maker oh oh um
today's May 5th when you're watching
this no that's tomorrow Cinco de Mayo I
was gonna say you can get Shh our
calendars for five dollars they're doing
a five dollar Cinco de Mayo deal go to
rodeo okay calm I think you can still
get some for five bucks apiece while
supplies last
rock-hard you don't just take a bite out
of the bread took a bite and I turned
around it was on the floor he goes nose
deep you rock hard
are you lyin Hey look did you open your
mouth look at him here hey who took a
bite of the bread was it yours II don't
ignore me listen up here yeah there's
the evidence right in your mouth try to
blame it on the dog quiet
Shrek my stars parting present Shh here
it is the present that I feel like will
change my child's destiny I all I do
something about this because the girls
are already so good at singing and I
feel like once they have a keyboard this
is just gonna add a whole another level
to their game I mean look how good I am
and you know I haven't even practiced or
had lessons once they have lessons and
practice with us things they'll probably
way better than me I mean seriously
though look how sweet Oh what what do
you feel like this present will change
our children's destiny in their future I
feel like it's one of those presents boy
do I ever here's something that I
thought was very interesting in the vlog
the other day when mommy card that's her
she asked if she should keep the girls
in gymnastics that video got like 5,000
comments on it and a majority of those
comments are from you guys commenting
about keeping the kids in gymnastics
because you regret about dropping out of
something when you were a kid and that's
how I feel I feel I regret not doing so
many things that I could have done that
I didn't do just cuz I was like I don't
write am two things one the great secret
of life is to not give up never give up
no matter what never quit never give up
the only way you'll ever be successful
at something is if you persevere and I'm
telling you it's a cliche but you know
I say the secrets to life Lettieri kids
are hidden behind the word cliche that's
right
that's the secret there is no secret the
secret is that there is no secret
all the secrets are right out there in
the open but ever it's like oh that's
too easy that's a cliche like coming
with the real secret is the real secret
is work hard never give up and the other
thing I wanted to say is there so many
of you that I read your comments
paragraph comments like huge chunky
beefy comments usually on Chatard vlogs
or most YouTube videos you just see like
one two sentence comments there was some
big beefy chunky paragraph comments
about how you wish you could have been a
black belt or you wish you just stayed
in band or how you wish you to say to
gymnastics or how you wish would have
stuck with soccer it's not too late just
because you're not a kid doesn't mean
there aren't intramural things or like
clubs or activities that you can still
join it's never too late to learn to
play the keyboard to learn to play the
guitar to learn to sing get your black
belt in karate to rock climb whatever
you can still do it your life's not over
there's still oxygen in your lungs do it
do it do it
I believe that Alou yeah I believe what
yeah what hmm
breathe okay okay sure way to wrap
presents just keep breathing breathing
breathe in anyways so this is baby tour
what's her name what's her daughter's
name print is hard
that's her present she's eight years old
today I want to show present what do you
think my love you're a birthday what do
you think my love it's your eighth
birthday these are from your father
above it's great prize said rhyme look
try to wear
all right oh that's cool no biggie oh
these aren't for you
booth how big that is what are your
speculation what am i box he's in there
yeah that's kind of weird but you'd
still be happy right excited you guys be
honest what's the very best part about
wrapping birthday presents that's right
you get it you get to whack people with
the tube from the toilet paper you get a
lot people with the tube from the
wrapping paper you get to whack people
in the head with the tube of the
wrapping paper what's this I swear this
I swear this I swear this I'll make it
you forget you oh you get the paper what
the tube from the record baby for Osnap
nope you know there's surrounding paper
on there mr. Davi that Roger breaking
the rules
breaking the rules oh okay birthday
party at the pool time the Sun went away
but our spirits are still high right Jay
there's a spirit show me your spirit
that's not a very good trailer spirit
bro
notice that's a good one boy your
fulcrum make our lobby yours Bob a big I
love you okay back let's I'm ready I
don't want to yeah you did
that was it backward cheer mood I'm
rolling you got it hey little man oh
there we go
where's the big day oh happy birthday
too
you happy birthday to Leslie go grab a
match grab another metal there happy
birthday dear
happy birthday Make A Wish rock card you
wish stealer you're a wish dealer stole
the happy from her bday well it's just
gonna be a bday not a happy one
oh wow first present a sassy little
flower hat my goodness that is cute yes
thanks baby TARDIS it's really cute
jacket and we got a bright pink jacket
when she goes deer hunting this fall she
can wear that and nobody will know that
she's a deer it's actually brighter than
hunters orange okay next present move
the show along okay this one's from
Cecily what is it it's a conductor for
the doctor kids Oh doctor you want to
grow and be a doctor thermometer makes
noises and you can like put the thing
around from the garment I guarantee if
she's gonna be probing those things in
my ears it's probably going to have some
kind of disease there you go all right
grandma tarts present what is it gonna
be
here's a card - oh you think
oh thanks moneybags grandmother's true I
remember when I was growing up my
grandma was always good for at least a
tenner ten or five or 20 almost good
fiscal years
boom-shaka-laka there's the cash that
gets 10% of that thank you
okay here's the ten bucks
ha ha that was easy he has it sorry dude
I lost it in a 25 year old girl
basically eight going on 25 okay this
one's for Mom
you know it's gonna be good if it's from
mommy I feel like this is something that
mommy actually got you so she can play
with later that true there truth to that
I haven't feeling I knew it what do you
think it is hurry before yeah what's it
gonna be I want to play with that doll
crab let me see this all the American
Girl doll crap you could dream of I
think there's different outfits in there
careful those boxes those are nice boxes
open up nicely
that's her kidneys she has a pancreas in
there watch are not supposed to be that
excited pajamas read all and you have
matching pajamas and slippers is a
ballet outfit to take in captain
so a she got the same pajamas as the
doll they're matching so you can wear
the same thing as your dolls today right
that's right don't forget that Shane
leave that part in okay so princess hard
listen listen the next three presents
are all part of a theme for your
birthday because you told me that you
want to be a singer and that you wanted
anything Taylor Swift or Justin Bieber
or cuz you wanna grow up and be a singer
so these next three presents are a
package to help you become a superstar
okay and first one is a three-year
signing bonus microphone all right
you're welcome well wait wait till you
see what the contract is your
percentages are not that great watch
your language
sorry over the next one I want you to
open that last one I'm excited you know
what it is right oh oh there goes your
hat there's your Michael Jackson app
print the start you can do this move
with this like Michael Jackson I don't
know how that really helps you become a
singer but it's cute you need
accessories accessories what is that
what is that Oh a club fishnet gloves
just like Madonna what'd you get
I got red ones at the doctor when I say
good I remember okay you ready open the
big one
oh I know my come on don't you open the
big one princess popstar we're gonna put
those on your cake it wouldn't have time
alright big one here you go please thank
you Center Thank You mr. drum roll our
neighbors hate our guts welcome you
start practicing that yeah welcome hey
you can ask that girl back there to help
you learn how to play piano
Danah will help you okay before the
cakes done you have to have a song ready
for us okay okay well get on it
everyone knows this part your being
trouble
see
see the CPP
me
is on me word sing this is Kaylee's
cousin is in town your faces sky red why
is your face against she's beautiful
Logan we haven't found a girlfriend for
you Logan hey bro I'm gonna hook you up
bro Logan call me okay no retard that's
the no no that men does not play the
piano brings a start we have to get down
at a setup teaching you okay Danna you
guys is playing and she's doing a song
every day for the month of May go
subscribe to Danna a new song every day
for the month of May that takes Talent
bags under the ice with music in your
soul alright really you got a song rody
sorry
Yankee Doodle yeah we were very
disappointed that Yankee Doodle could
not make it he did RSVP but he had a
macaroni convention he had to be too so
he just missed princess cards 8th
birthday but she had a great day
nonetheless it's hard to believe that my
little crazy kamikaze sassy princess
tart is already eight years old I love
that girl she's probably out of all my
children I would say probably the most
just like me that doesn't mean I love
her the most but you know I'm a pretty
cool guy so if anybody looks like me
they're pretty cool too ok nevermind
alright thanks for watching you guys and
being a part of our lives
the cool thing that I think is cool and
maybe you'll think things are I think
Recor cool too is that you can go back
and watch the last four years of her
birthday's the last couple days that
I've been you know finding the links for
the end sites to go back and see her
grow up over the years and it just makes
me love my children so much be sure to
check out yesterday's vlog we did a
little skit and baby tarde was quite the
little actress yesterday she had some
really great one-liners
yesterday's little one-take skit that we
did you're feeling lucky click on the
mystery video and go check out what we
were doing one two three and four years
ago today print discard just informed me
that she wants every single one of you
two thumbs up today's vlog yes that's
what no she's in bed generally tell me
that but if you guys smiled at all
during this video if it brought just a
little bit of happiness and hope and joy
to your life give it a thumbs up we
appreciate it and it makes a big deal to
us and of course as always we love you
and we will see you tomorrow
