hey guys one takes Sunday I just want to
make a real quick video me and clutter
actually going out to a really nice club
tonight
Canada it's one of our favorite artists
performing and she doesn't come in town
very often so we're really lucky that we
are here while she's here anyways
we're here at the door right now hi
ma'am we'd like to see the show tonight
let me see your ID oh yeah sorry I
forgot that Astrid you gained a few
pounds since this picture yeah I've been
on the road making a documentary and
there's not a lot of healthy options
sorry I'm kind of a fat so where is your
ID tips here you look kind of pretty
Thanks
so us right here thank you see we are
going to be
Oh
with his performance well I heard what
happened in Philadelphia in his last
show people are funny clap she got kind
of gets a little bit embarrassed yeah
I'm sorry about that great show great
camera work by sub dart and idea written
and directed by Sun tars and our bouncer
at the door
played by baby tard excellent job take a
bow young lady curtsy very beautiful
very beautiful my hot date for the
evening oh here comes the temperamental
rock star now oh hello
so it's about time for the Rockstar snap
and you played tremendously by the way
give me five yeah that is no don't tell
him they're gonna find out in the fall
tomorrow you're not allowed to see that
yet it's not your birthday yet you
didn't get that for your birthday that's
in tomorrow's vlog in Ezekiel he played
the guy out in the in the alleyway doing
drugs and pooping on the cement that's
great that's what dudes do it rock shows
you ever been to a rock show you go out
in the alleyway and do drugs and poop no
cooties mom once you go to a rock show
or two I can't let you to know that you
guys are crazy
alright one take Sunday we just got home
from church and some time release baby
tart did a really good job babies I'm
tired dead he said hey what we should do
is we should do a little skit where
princess starts playing a performance
and then you guys like come in so it's
like okay let's do it so we just did
anyways um happy Sunday we hope you're
having a great day
Rock cards not having the best day for
some reason little grumpy he's tired he
we stayed up late celebrating externs
8th birthday happy birthday pretty start
hey give me one last word of wisdom on
your eighth birthday a paragraph what do
you want to say as an eight-year-old now
that you're 8 you have any more wisdom
that you've gained you're gonna get
baptized when you're getting baptized
May 26 1980 and Idaho you're gonna get
baptized well happy birthday did you
have a good birthday you did what was
the favorite part of your birthday what
those boas yeah I suppose just once well
I guess we told them in the blog the
other day don't do you love it show them
the song I taught you already here's the
one song that I taught her
what is that pumpkin shell and there he
kept
okay yeah
the blame is on me Phantom of the Opera
is there
Oh trouble trouble anyways happy Sunday
we love you guys check out yesterday's
vlog it was a really fun one we all went
to Iron Man 3 it was good right it was o
best Iron Man I've seen don't give it
away no it's awesome it's awesome I
didn't know that the bouncer of the club
could also sing so well
impressive impressive alright we love
you guys we'll see you tomorrow
won't take Sunday Allen after a Ching
Mama's heart a Beatles let's get all
right I love you guys hi everybody this
is Ezekiel signing out a little bit
Poppaea knows all the overcomes if
you're gong
