warning today's Shaytards vlog contains
profanity and loud obnoxious behavior
viewer discretion is advised
it's magical it's our Friday butterfly
that's your special friend butterfly it
came to say hello to you that's
signifying that you're gonna have a
great day today
it's Friday everybody you can sign up
right your hands will don't catch it let
it live and be free so pretty we should
name it it's our good luck Friday
butterfly Oh bye bye butterfly see you
later
sticky mat that was my life for sure so
it's Friday today we've got a super
fun-filled day it's Kayla's birthday and
then we're gonna hang out tonight watch
a dinner watch your Iron Man 3 yeah and
then tomorrow is Princess her birthday
it's gonna be a fun weekend all right I
just got back from shopping and I'm
picking the kids up from school and I
just got Princess hard to present Shay
had the cutest idea to get her a piano
she wants like singer stuff that's what
she asked for is like anything Justin
Bieber anything Taylor Swift and
anything has to do with singing so we
got her a piano and we got her like a
boa and hat so she can be all rock stars
and then a microphone but I didn't have
time to take it home before I picked him
up from school so now the question is
are going to be able to keep it hidden
from her I'm gonna have to tell her do
not look in the back because I know that
she will just because she's curious and
she knows her birthday's tomorrow so I'm
have to tell her not to look but see if
I hit it ok did I hide it ok ok this is
some other shopping that that's the
piano so if she looks down from there I
don't think she'll be able to see it
it's just like a keyboard it's not like
a piano piano it's a keyboard that's
another present for a friend that we're
having we have lots of birthdays this
weekend and I got Kayla's present - I'm
super excited I love our kites baby's
hard towers the exciting
dude is like a day for butterflies isn't
it check it out our classroom
butterflies hatch okay princess hard
you're gonna need to do me a huge favor
okay do not look in the back of the car
could you do that okay okay
you promised me look at me you pinky
promise me you won't look in the back of
the car yes okay because you won't get
your birthday presents if you look in
the back of our Oh
okay yeah I think you can walk to the
car you can get in the car without a
jacket you're right I did yeah what
birthday shopping you can see it but you
can't see it
you got a lot of presents oh sweet is it
hard
true I'm gonna look back they're so bad
don't eat the seatbelt you gross baby
guard
what are you doing snooping around come
on little lady get your seatbelt on so
we can go no Princess hard hard come on
people detention I could do English same
thing you won't be able to see it till
we go home okay Christmas Merry
Christmas what are you guys watching
what are you guys what are you watching
they've been here for the last 35
minutes watching as many Shaytards vlogs
as possible is like watching these old
videos you think you're gonna grow up
and hate me for filming you your whole
life okay sounds good even join the
Shaytards vlogs don't forget to thumbs
it up don't leave us alone we're
watching our favorite internet show well
I'm glad they like my work I'm going
running right now out on the beach
Friday beach run oh nothing better and
it's 82 degrees outside
it's a hot one you're a hot one daddy
tard bitch all the chicks are gonna be
staring at your bum as you're running
along down the path oh hey just the you
you touch it you want to touch it
my bum man it is we squeeze rub rub and
squeeze squeeze and rub rub and squeeze
do it more come on Robin Chinese thanks
for everything
Robin squeezed babe babe Robin squeeze
yeah I'll have a bomb punch you guys
quit punching each other's bum I'm
trying to pay the bills over here look
at all this junk mail 20% off a
toothpaste that's all crap what's this
lawn patio furniture we don't need any
more of this crap
throw it away why do they even send all
this junk
oh so annoyed I'm gonna go back to bed I
just can't handle this world Friday's
they're so mean I don't know that was
the end par Fridays are good maybe he
doesn't like Fridays because he has to
pay the bills we make him pay the bills
on Fridays and that's why he doesn't
like Fridays guys don't think I was
weird cuz I say David shut up okay I'm
going running back Oh PS this is my
running hat that I got from Cecily for
my birthday she gave me this running hat
I'm gonna wear today cuz it's sunny I'm
gonna cover my face so I don't get the
skin cancer and that's ironic because it
was her birthday the other day and we
just bought her tell him what we bought
doctor present too late what do we get
it time we got I get card to wait what'd
she want
well give it to her before she watches
okay we are a gift card to Sephora
what's a nice makeup oh it's a makeup
shop we are on our way to the movies and
I have awesome success right guys
awesome dolls kid she's on what ha got
mad
me can't see you looks like I can see
you fast so fast in your hands are the
fastest in the West are we doing Kevin
wait what's your name ah who gives a
Karla Karla and everything slipped today
it's Friday I'm sorry dad oh yeah you
tell them what's that lender feels a
classic classic so listen folks at home
folks at home it is a Friday night and
I'm feeling Ryan whose birthday yes why
are you so cute and funny huh we love
you're so cute funny
it is Kaylie done Shauna's his birthday
tonight is Casey's wife's birthday in
case he's not in town he's out chasing
ready look my uncle Casey's gonna watch
this he's gonna come back to 48 he's in
a punch you square in your booger holder
hey hold him you punch him in his book
or holder right there right there
punch him in his bumper holder ha ha so
anyways we're going out to the move
you're gonna go see Iron Man 3 or 4 what
is he
Iron Man 3 what up Robert Downey jr. oh
I love you bro yeah Europe and that work
site to go to the rave 18 go to the
movies and dinner whoa can I talk now
your turn
and we found Kate Lee's favorite
cupcakes last minute I couldn't find the
bakery that she loves she loves these
like lemon bars anyways I found it and
so we just got those last minute I'm
super excited gosh it's like several
exciting
so you should punch you in your
booger hall fantasy park man - I'm
excited I know we did have to pry the
top hey I'm excited
hey guys I'm excited they're excited you
guys excited are you excited yeah we're
excited so we're going Iron Man here we
go the coolest advertisement for
Despicable Me 2 I've ever state you
should pop that one on the head
are you part of the game she's so nice
and gentle oh you know now you're gonna
hit these elevate on the head so you go
even when the
even when my heart stops I keep looking
cut
I will find you
you know I will find
yeah
No loser loser loser loser Oh Rockford
he gave up oh it's so worn these stairs
are big for little legs good thing I got
a good big brother look at good job he
made it as a good big brother
we got him now watch out baby tard
lesson if he lost he has to admit his
loss yes so competitive bird
two-year-old we need it wet some popcorn
let's go get the popcorn righto you
won't get some candy let's go get some
candy all right let me go
Iron Man that's we're gonna go see right
now where was the Iron Man let's go see
it okay this is the biggest this is the
biggest what's they call the end credits
I've ever seen that's the digital
effects crew all those people a tower of
people are Iron Man Turner no no no no
oh oh ohhhh we just got
Iron Man right in the camera I'm careful
well there's a lot of violence in that
movie a lot of violence in that movie
dude you're looking tough and here comes
the other little mini Iron Man
great hair mrs. Harris I know right
happy birthday too
happy birthday to you happy birthday no
watch out for rock-hard
ceilidh on a free bird
like wish happy birthday really praying
all day long well you're only 22 what's
the big deal
oh right my bad seventeen will have you
freaking birthday that's what you wish
for gage I was the best birthday present
ever I hope I get one of those on my
birthday
look what Sun card card job dude
let me see him hold him up oh you caught
a turtle dude awesome oh hey careful
gage don't let him bite you he'll bite
you I don't want to do set him on the
dock just set it right there
back in Center put it back in the water
yeah put it back look son guard call the
turtle okay put him in just set him good
job nice job there he goes
goodbye little turtle man we'll miss you
what a Friday it was a great day we had
a blast celebrating Kaylee's birthday
and going out with all the family we
wish Casey could have been there Iron
Man 3 was amazing I would say out of all
three iron men definitely my favorite
and there is a little scene after all
the credits roll there is one last scene
so if you do go to the movie stay in
wait till after all the credits because
there is one last little thing at the
very end also the song that I use during
the slow-motion up the stairs Shh art
family run is find you there bye my
buddies we the Kings you guys know
Charles Trippy CTFxC nation he's the
bass player of the rock band we the
Kings they just released their brand-new
single
find you there it's an amazing song I
don't know man what do you guys think do
you guys like just keep breathing or
this new one find you there I texted
Travis yesterday and I told
that it's gonna be hard to talk just
keep breathing for me because that's
like one of my favorite songs anyways
it's available right now I'll put a link
below it's a really good song go
download it and help him get it at
number 10 on the iTunes charge they're
charting right now we love you guys go
back and watch yesterday's vlog check
out the mystery video
Oh something really really cool if
you're feeling lucky you gotta click on
the film lucky button today I mix so
excited for this check it out and then
go watch some old sheet art vlogs that's
what princess tart and baby tart do they
just sit down and watch what they trade
art vlogs one year ago two years ago
three years ago four years ago London
see tomorrow
