happy birthday dear baby happy birthday
what is it yeah oh you wanted hi i'm
login here come on you guys come on say
it with me come on are you ready are you
ready happy birthday happy birthday girl
mmm Andy's birthday happy birthday can
you believe it we're having birthday
waffles mine nine years old love you hey
grandma wobbles getting but spankings
I'm going swimming like last two days of
summer yes summer's over schools back in
we got backpacks pencils notebooks got
the erasers we got the shiny shoes
without the waffles with low but anyways
happy birthday happy birthday to our
little baby tard nine years old
that was random come Emmie I am glad it
is your birthday because that is a
legend but you know the best thing we
got is this bowl that is a bowl of
beautifulness can we just all take a
moment to take a big deep with is the
Greens the Reds all of the beauty is the
favorite foods got my waterslide
wristband here we go
water size I go to a birthday oh when
you wait in line again peed on why
because look everybody standing in line
is in their swimming suits and there's
like water dripping on your head and for
me it kind of feels like people are just
peeing I'm getting dripped on my urine
gross smell like pee in here I told you
guys you ready okay
nobody came he's taking it down look
there's Daxton way down there zoom in I
got them do it
I was awesome
every day you want to do it
do I try it ready
that's gonna do it it's gonna do it here
we go you ready Brock is that fun huh
you want to okay
it wasn't recording oh you like Qaeda
okay I won't do it again do I do it
again no more
I just want okay that's all right he
didn't cry he was just a little shocked
yeah you guys ready follow us we go
okay Gavin's gonna shoot you guys ready
ready catch Hey listen has anybody ever
played catch with a GoPro for a YouTube
video well you're about to here we go
Gavin catch all right we are at the
swimming pool for Emmys birthday party
and there is a sailor among us hey
what's up all aboard
what's up dude where's the fish at you
know the longitude and latitude sup dude
happy birthday dude did you have a good
swing Hey the ER thing all right I mean
you guys sad summer's almost over this
is the last of it last couple days it's
weird because like the mornings and
evenings it's cool like I wore my hoodie
but then it's like hot right now what is
it it's 93 degrees but at night it gets
all the way down to almost 50 so we're
coming up on fall and then wintertime
and ski seasons what yeah the leaves we
almost have the fall redness in the air
broch every time swimmin you guys when
Emmy gets back in the car let's all wish
for a really big happy birthday okay
we'll just be like wishing her happy
birthday all day long and she'll be
reminded of what a special day it is
today August 19th Emmys birthday happy
birthday baby
Thank You Daxton captain don't hey
that's not nice Dax don't say that okay
don't say that hey the birthday jeopardy
time at swimming pool I love you all
right what are we doing now we need food
by Sadie like your shirt reppin the
brand plant food talk to me about it Oh
where does it when does it go in my
mouth
let's go immediately hey guys we are in
my mom's office right now we are getting
her birthday the present number a bunch
of shots and things like those shopkins
focus these are like school what
Squinkies like nothing I don't are the
shopping Squinkie dewdrops um mystery
villas their mystery villas okay so
workspace schooling you do grout there
you go the worst thing and then we got
hurt now this camera does not like to
focus got hurt this like MC square dog
she just started watching out Netflix
she's descendant she loves descendants
we listen to the Alban all the time in
the car Gavin he knows all the work and
then we got her this I burning a talking
board yep the chalkboard because real
birds are and annoying we just got a
quick word yep
and we it's hard to wrap sort of putting
it in this Hugh Norma's bag he's still
let's get wrapping okay we have to wrap
now because she's like all decked out in
purple she's so lovely we have to wrap
her in this pretty purple wrapping paper
it's actually from Christmas but so
pretty so I keep it for birthdays love
it yeah yeah
need to stop get fertilized Oh as I are
you going for a happy birthday ride
man one day they're gonna get their
actual driver's license oh boy that's
gonna be scary I think I like that
they're learning how to operate this
machinery but maybe it'll be dangerous
come here young lady are you speeding
there's no speed than this signs up we
should seriously make like my videos I'm
okay it's really pretty
is it an ice cream cake are you having a
good happy birthday ed what kind of cake
is it is it chocolate or vanilla Harry
Keitt there's vanilla ice cream and I'll
go get some let's go right now this is
what I did on that Scout camp see that
looks like a t-rex tore bite out of it
the sticker just makes it better yeah
makes it tough okay I'll race you down
let's go he's ready it's time to ride
yeah
set go
come on day they're gonna win oh geez
they're gonna win there when he bade
they won dang it hey you guys how many
times have we done this together we
celebrated another year of life lived
wishes made hopes fulfilled dreams
dreams seems I don't know conquered
dreamt candles blown out princesses
Gavin here we go it is Emmy lupus is
ninth birthday Mary oh it's what
precious Oh Oh be patient
Emmy my loofahs happy birthday to you
who can here we come
happy birthday dear me
happy birthday
happy birthday John alright presents
presents presents know Brock let's have
her open this one Oh what Emmy lupus
we're crazy family alright let's see
okay the crazy present did you get wit
folding your arms what are you guys all
pessimistic about what is it ya know you
wanted
happy birthday is December we did go
swimming today do you like it
she wanted that love you
that's right American Girl doll we're
over you lame dolls I hope they don't
come and kill me a message I'm making
scary doll James yes did you like that
one I wrapped it in purple wrapping
paper just because it's now hey guys
look steel-johnson we know this guy's
closer to bec we met him at VidCon or
playlist live I can't remember which one
Josh but hey steel
he watches our videos really we took a
selfie with him once he's an Olympian he
already won a silver medal so we're
watching him dive again good job it
takes some scariness green birthday cake
maybe the Olympic diver are we having a
birthday ice cream cones yes delicious
oh my goodness sorbet san sorbet not
sore bed happy birthday let's see you
eat your ice cream cone is that the sore
bet who you got a burr KJ's want a bite
of ice cream cone really wants Oh
steel-johnson is about to die let's
check it out check it out
that's own YouTube channel he's a film
school of Purdue he is wise and he has a
video holding a silver medal and he goes
cry and talk to the ocean for eight nine
minutes about what it been away I'm
gonna go out to that video but wait a
minute it's not done
I have individual see that's cool synth
Ilana yes you to tell you guys go
subscribes it's Neil Johnson I'll leave
a link below let's watch him do four
flips from 33 feet in the air
ladies and gentlemen boys and girls this
Dyson feels rotten boom oh he hasn't
been into the light gonna get seven and
a half feet I the seals
I wasn't that big of a slash I please
bigger than war and miss your hands like
this okay
