hi I'm vlogging here okay rock-and-roll
iou's are you making mac and cheese good
job oh we forgot a spoon for the spoon
there's a spoon mister careful remember
it's hot this is one of his favourite
things to do hey wait mac and cheese oh
you want me to stew it let's do it but
answer it you know what I meant
all right holding I thought you only
help her usually loves to help make that
good cheese and stir it and put the
cheese in and the butter and all that
stuff but he must be distracted what are
you doing oh are you trying to pick up
the lost noodle but not one noodle can
be lost
you've got mac cheese is mac and cheese
your favorite not then who's this on
your shirt
who's that change no it is not that good
to you what does that stand for
yeah Superman I think he's adorable
that's one thing that I've been
absolutely buy some of my friends are
like are you gonna put him in preschool
next year and I think who paid three so
I hope you old enough to go to preschool
but I want him home for another year I'm
selfish I don't want him to leave me I
just feel like I just want him home with
me as long as he can be home with me I
want him home but I think that maybe
when he's four I'll put him in preschool
that's like right before kindergarten
we'll see
am I being a baby yeah I'm always a baby
Oh what are you doing now who rocked
hard he's lined up all these toys in
stairs you gotta have a woman in every
fighting team so this is like Wonder
Woman slash Snow White oh well then I'm
just making it so she can look at us
you've got a very vicious team here
that's all
doesn't he feel a little short maybe you
could put him down here with the shorty
drive-e dad is so cool
I love you rock card hey do you like
hanging out with mom during the day yeah
you do
it's melting it's melting a wish dude
that's for Zeke do you want Zeke to eat
all your toys uh-oh you better move them
so Zeke doesn't eat all your toys you'll
think that's food
ooh do you want a towel let's get a
towel what is it did you say it's gross
gross that's gross guys what's happening
rock hard why did I ever
that was amazing yes did you see that
you see what you just did
whoa ohh sore the conversations we have
are super fun well well Wow yes it's
dad's bike huh in the house what's it
doing in the house oh right house I
should tell you not to call me on the
countertops but just for this minute
you're being a super cute so I will let
you see that's what happens in life if
you do things that are super cute you
get more privileges oh wow that's
probably not a good mother to live by no
probably not
yes oh oh that yeah you through it
didn't follow you through it oh uh uh
okay okay that's definitely the last
time come on do let's stir the mac and
cheese it's gonna get all yucky come
down come down oh no Watson no one can
shake it man Luna good job
now my neighbor hi you playing with your
guys see in trouble family guys sounds
like one of them is in trouble huh
they've been naughty how you plan on
daddy's bike and it's my bike
do you like daddy's bike okay and
everybody
oh I love you too okay
sometimes excited about something tell
us what you're excited about maybe in
English what I'm a multiplication master
you are amazed all of us yep sweet but I
still to do division oh right well
multiplication is the first step because
once you know all those and you can do
whatever I could also distance see
second sweet sweet bro good job
kitchen time what's going on for dinner
are you using my hotel lobby water
container for other things in the hotel
lobby water yes
great you have promote you have
permission from the president of this
hotel to use the hotel lobby water
container for something other than hotel
lobby water hmm yeah I asked on his wife
Oh
what did she say when in charge everyone
in charge did you submit it in writing
because all requests to use the hotel
water lobby wildcat i can't say it
anymore everybody that we're gonna be
using that for the party oh that's such
a good party thing we're gonna make
what's for dinner oh my that looks good
well we're having some neighbors over
we're having a missionaries of
missionaries and Kiwis are they coming
over yeah oh good
you laughing at you laughing at my
almost ripped started my almost cuts
juice and that no good save princess our
hey head on your hip
what baby tard what does that look sing
that song you're seeing some pretty song
they sounded good
well you don't think I look good in my
short I'm showing the kids the four year
ago video from yesterday's vlog do you
think I was at the door do you remember
that you don't remember that any car hey
lock yourself in her bathroom and we
came in through the window and we were
yelling at you but you wouldn't turn
around
you finally love come here look ready
look how small you were never being that
small you through the window you have to
go unlock the door okay here is a little
baby no other way you come up in a
minute like us smile your hey act up
something cool
sundered you remember that rock guard
you weren't even there dude
you weren't even with us at that time
you weren't even part of our family do
you guys any do you remember that you
remember that son Carrie what do you
think you look like a little kid
you don't remember that oh look the
Butler's are here
hey there's sister Butler
hey here's your cousin Butler gauge is
that a shield hold it up dude I want to
punch you do I be beating you up if you
have that shield what is this on your
back you have velcro oh this a cape
where's your cape at it's in your pocket
oh just in case you need to be a
superhero you can pull it out here throw
it on dude let's put it on I want you to
be Batman right now okay okay ready
you're transforming into Batman okay go
save the world I'm a criminal gimme your
down stab you can't face a four-year-old
No
hmm it seems like one of these offspring
is not enjoying themselves see if you
can detect which child is not happy
about playing on the shaycarl
entertainment apparatus now we dance I
could do a blindfolded mom totally oh
boy you know yourself you booger see the
nudists
I'm sorry everybody once entered you
don't know your beautiful girlfriend
party ever a little rock friends trying
to get it oh did he say naked come on
now
what did you get dance punches I don't
know about the lyrics to this one rock
cards got the moves like Jagger
you got him dude next time we'll get the
censored lyrics version if they have
that just dance forward you guys have a
censored lyric version come on
so awesome you guys did you just get hit
in the mouth again we're brutal here
your brutally beautiful babe hi rock
face I love you shut your mouth I'm
trying to do the end slate wait you want
to see what why she carry weight I want
to see a carrot okay yeah that's daddy's
screensaver oh that's you and a carrot
that's you and your thumb and a carrot
dumb all right you guys if you want to
see the video that the kids were
watching there was a four year ago video
yesterday and yesterday's endslate then
you're gonna have to go to yesterday's
video and click on the four year video
go from yesterday's and play quiet rock
around try to and slate here brofist
thanks for watching we love you guys
happy Friday
TGI Friday click on yesterday's vlog
click on the video if you're feeling
lucky and just see what we were doing 1
through 4 years ago today love you Rock
charts a see you tomorrow
