Zeke is talking a lot he's a mr. talker
puppy woof whoa what's his new name Oh
quit sniffing my junk junk sniffer today
name is Chewbacca Chewbacca sounds like
she does like I can't do it the little
gurgle and his throat sometimes you know
what I'm interested is the merchandise
Yuri is check out the new shirts I love
it
only you can see my belly buttons right
you can see mama turns alive button we
got these new girls trips we've never
done girls shirts on Rodeo arcade before
rock-hard put some clothes on she's
always naked he has to make an
appearance right when the cameras on
anyways these are pink you can see
they're pink can you tow their like the
light pink turn around let's see the
pull yeah cute so you get those on Rodeo
arcade calm you like you think it's cute
I think they're cubes a weird there's a
man of large bearded man vomiting a
rainbow on your shirt yeah maybe a
little bit well yeah but
okay zekiel this is mud man yes huge
she's gotten so big you guys right
before our eyes he's growing tonight
tonight hey what is he just thinks he's
just gonna take a bath
hey were you doing in the cupboard you
gonna go drink your bath water
sook you crazy mutt hey guys how are
y'all today he's a great guy as your
neck wrap and ready yeah it's hot it is
hot but you're wearing a sweater so you
could fix it you burned that sweater
every day what's with the sweater bro
you like it you're just sporting that
and for my cup my chemica well you look
super cool it is hot here right right
okay see regards in your seat so this is
kind of Wednesday not today but this
coming Wednesday you're taking something
home and it's an insect
oh really you're bringing bugs home
completer did you peep and then appeal a
pupa it's been a few years mom a larva a
pupa and adult so are we gonna keep it
until it turns into things are you okay
well I guess so ooh baby tired what do
you think about this I'm just kidding
it's cool it's a very good learning
experience and we should not be afraid
of bugs we should not think they're
gross you honey
it's okay if I bring them home because a
teacher said I have to ask you because
it's okay yes you can bring your low
mealworm home going see the sheets what
you really want to short so you can't
find the Swart
so I gotta find your shorts warrant
would you quit being upper off free
Schwartz yeah you're enjoying yourself
right now I love you guys hey what's
going on let's do some vlogging or I
want to do some vlog and let's chat who
wants to have a truck chat truck Jack
time I'm not budging
oh man frustrating day well not totally
all frustrating like there was highs and
lows this has been a day of ups and
downs like most days are so this morning
it's May first happy May Day woke up was
just doing some bills had to pay the
rent and stuff like that I was on my
checking account and I was like hey it's
payday we got paid today's that ever
happened to anybody where you're like oh
yeah
today's payday you're like sweet we got
money today and that happened this
morning I was like oh yeah we get paid
to do this YouTube thing it was like
this funny little refreshing like oh
yeah I forgot we actually got paid to do
this so I was like oh there's money in
our account whoo
and that's always a good day when you
realize it's payday it's feeling good
woke up early was editing the vlog early
and I had this huge bike ride plan I had
this book on tape that I had all cued up
in my phone I was so excited for this
bike ride but I purposely got up early
so I could have the vlog edited and
upload
by two o'clock so I could be on the road
by 2:30 this is gonna be like a three
hour bike ride I had planned my normal
route is about a thirty mile er and
today I wanted to do this forty mile or
all the way out past Redondo Beach and
so I had my book on tape ready I had my
butt shorts on my spandex have the
padding in the butt and my water bottle
all filled up I had the vlog edited and
compress and I was like this is gonna be
a great day it's payday it's a beautiful
sunny day here in sunny Southern
California I'm gonna get this vlog
uploaded I'm gonna go on this bike ride
it's gonna feel great I'm gonna come
home and the kids are gonna just be home
from school and we're gonna go for our
Mile Run and I had all these plans all
set up but then I go to upload the vlog
and it fails and I so that's the worst
if you're a youtuber and you've ever
uploaded a video that is the worst
feeling and it's rare that it ever
actually it has never happened like this
usually what happens is once you upload
your video it goes to YouTube server
once it goes past like it counts I don't
know if you've any of you've ever
uploaded a vlog but it's like 1% 2% cuts
to 99% and once he hits that 100% you're
like yes it made it to the other side
then the only thing you have to wait for
is processing so you're waiting for it
to process and usually it always like I
don't even think in the history of me
uploading videos it has never failed to
go through the processing phase below
and behold today is stuck at 95% and
then it failed so then I go like crap
well I'll still have time so I upload it
again failed I'm like how maybe I'll
switch internet browser so I switch to
Google Chrome it failed again I'm like
what can I do so I thought all changed
video files so I change video files
tried it on Safari it fails again so at
this point the kids had come home
cleanse getting the girls ready to go to
gymnastics and I'm like I'm not gonna be
able to go on this bike ride because
right now I'm headed to help this guy in
my church move they're moving there's
families moving and I have a truck so
I'm trying to be a good Christian helper
and go and help them move and so I told
them that be there at 5:30 it's 5:35 oh
so then I'm like man I'm being tested
right now if you want to build your
patience muscles this is how you do it
through frustrating times and it's
tempting to ask yourself are these
things happening just so my patience can
be tested is this the moment where it's
like I'm being tested or just do things
randomly happen so finally the sixth
time's a charm I switch the video files
from an mp4 to an AV
I and then it finally went through and I
was like yes finally uploaded and then
the video quality is crappy and I don't
know because I just left so I don't know
if the video will process more you guys
will know by now if you've watched the
video from yesterday recently I'm hoping
it'll like refine and it'll process more
and there will be a 720 option but as
from when I left the apartment it was
still like this grainy crappy quality
and just like all frustrated
incorporated you feel like your whole
day's been taken from you like messed up
she had all these plans and then I feel
like tempted to call this guy like dude
I can't help you move I still don't go
on my bike ride and then you kind of
started to feel selfish because it's
like you didn't get what you wanted and
that's the moment man that is when you
truly have to test that choosing
happiness because it's like this fire
welled up inside of you you're like oh I
want to be angry I'm frustrated and all
I care more about like the thumbs up in
the comments on the YouTube video than
the money to me it's more frustrating
that there's comments that are like why
is the quality so crappy on the vlog I'm
like um because I want the very best
experience for you guys anyways I just
then I'm all flustered minded I'm all
flustered gutted and flourished evening
yeah I can't talk don't worry I won't do
that to my mouth I'm gonna edit all this
freaking crap out
backward goal so here's what I've been
really good today
don't tell me if your parents have ever
experienced this with kids have ever
experienced this because I would like
some advice if the baby's not in Princes
chard have been in gymnastics for a
while now and they both have liked it
but recently they've been very
complaining
that'll work they've been complaining a
lot every time we need to go no it's
good for you you're gonna regret it if
you quit now you know keep going and
even Carly talked to others I guess
awesome stinker what are you doing
Bhuvan I know are you gonna do
gymnastics too yeah
are you in good genetics - don't let go
don't let go oh wow
I did notice the other day when princess
chard had to pull out something for a
church like her primary she put what she
liked to do in her spare time was
gymnastics she was it I know it's out of
it but she gets really annoyed when it's
time to go so what do you guys think
should I take them out gymnastics
because they're not liking it anymore or
should I let them go dude I'm trying to
talk to these people on the camera you
stinker come on let's get down okay
anyways sorry record is very distracting
it's so cool I love when you click your
tongue anyways what do you guys think
should I keep the girls in it because
it's them and there were they regret it
when I quit or should I take them out
because they're not loving it anyway
what do you think
Oh who's the moral the story is some
days things just don't go your way and
you can either choose to get all upset
and to throw shut off I'm trying to vlog
you can either choose to throw kindling
on that fire that is trying to ignite
inside of you or you can just patiently
blow it out and let that anger and
frustration just go away and look for
the silver lining it's a beautiful
sunset today maybe I'll get some good
Instagram photos I'm going to help this
guy move now okay tomorrow must be a
better day maybe I'll run on the
treadmill when I get home I want it took
a lot of buying cry oh stop it okay
Leake just had his first session he's so
excited today he just had his first
session of obedience training and I
tried to film during it but it did not
work because I was trying to hold his
leash and hold the treats and make him
listen he was so hyper tonight so it was
kind of hard but I'm hoping that next
week I maybe I'll take him like for a
big walk before we actually do the
obedience training and then he'll like
get some of a DI Yas out because it was
really hard to take care of him during
this one but he's learning he does know
sit pretty well we just keep practicing
it's an everyday thing
so I'm back and unfortunately the
quality of the video didn't get any
better
I was hoping with time it would process
more and there would be a good quality
and it's so frustrating because I hate
to have a video that has bad quality
like I want it to be the crisp clear
quality that you're used to so I'm
trying to debate whether I should take
it down and upload a new one like
re-export it back to an mp4 file instead
of the avi I thought an avi was a good
video file but apparently it doesn't
look that good on YouTube so i think i'm
going to recompress the vlog back to an
mp4 and then re-upload it the seventh
time to youtube I just I want to have
that it's like posterity I was like
driving home and I was like debating
whether I should do it plus it's
frustrating because then you lose
all the thumbs up and comments leave it
or not thumbs up and comments help the
vlogs a lot like I base how well a vlog
does Don how many thumbs up in comments
it has so if I take the vlog down
there's like I just checked there's like
3,600 thumbs up and like two thousand
comments I'm gonna lose all those if I
reload it but you know if these vlogs
are averaging anywhere from 180 to 300
thousand views of peace it's been up for
about 4 hours that means maybe 20,000
people or so have seen it so a majority
of the people that will watch this vlog
haven't seen it yet so I feel like the
it's in the best interest to just take
it down and reach up load it so that's
what I'm gonna do so if you love me
you'll go back and thumbs it up again if
you already thumbs it up things love you
so I know that some of you are wondering
why there was 2 uploads yesterday that's
the reason why sorry for spamming your
subscription box
you're a dirty John snicker dude what
you can't put that on YouTube your name
shake
the Shaytards
