hi good morning it's another day look
this is where I got that water thing
yesterday see who bought it right there
we got the last big one yeah all right
good morning it's time to get some
breakfast princess turn shirts and
that's beautiful baby tart and princess
are both sporting with registered shirts
this morning you guys want to get let's
get some fresh-squeezed juice or
somewhere some watermelon or you get
some banana bread listen to rap chart
Jews
what's that juice buddy all right we got
the juice gang that fresh-squeezed apple
juice some watermelon water Oh orange
juice sontar would you get raw organic
apple juice all right this is what Dad
does for breakfast dad too late to make
it dad makes breakfast with his debit
card ah I bet you guys been done
wondering how that delicious water
tastes ain't you
I'll bet you had I'll bet you have I'm
about to have my first sip sip of it
look at that fresh citrus delightfulness
mr. Butler would you like a fresh glass
of water before you check out of your
hotel this morning well yes I would
thank you wow there's a lot of stuff in
our fridge this isn't tell me tell me
tell me is it good or is a sing a sing a
sing a song it's called hmm the mint
leaf the orange the lime it's all like a
rush of flavor sensation to my taste
buds I want to try it I bet you do
but the thing is I made this for me Oh
get your own hotel lobby water I suppose
you'd call it hotel lobby water better
than I love your water yeah kind of does
it's good that's cool though peace cool
it's cool ring fee in the morning hey
guys so it's
I'm here at the Shaytards she's editing
the video you mean Shane's editing the
video Shannon do crap around here and
rock cars running around in his
underwear like yo could you put some
clothes on one of these days seems like
every time I put your clothes on you end
up naked again I'm making a sandwich for
shave her lunch when she was growing up
every time this mom would make him a
sandwich she would take a bite out of it
and that was like a sign of I love you
it's like saying I love you could get to
school and open up his lunch and there
would be a bite out of a sandwich would
be like oh mom loves me Joris thought
was a little strange because if you make
up a sandwich don't you want the whole
sandwich that's like taking some of the
sandwich away but he always loved it so
I've done it since that we've been
married but I have kind of plan I
haven't for a while and maybe I'm just
gonna get up I made sandwiches for
awhile for him we have an egg sandwiches
for lunch but also since I've been
pregnant I don't really like sandwiches
the only sandwiches I like are like
peanut butter and banana sandwiches
which is kinda strange I know it's
almost done anyway so I'm gonna take a
bite out of a sandwich and see if he
remembers okay ready
so here's a sandwich I just took a bite
of it that's pretty good don't love it I
don't like sandwiches lately with ham
and cheese sandwiches hey honey do
common i editing the video oh right your
sandwich why do I feel like something is
planned here do you like it yeah it
looks delicious
that looks like it does on oh there's a
bite out of it that's very love me it's
been a long time since you've done that
I know right thank you
my sandwich is my sandwich I knew he'd
notice he likes it wouldn't take a bite
out of his sandwich so girls if you make
your man a sandwich just take a big ol
bite out of it you say I love you honey
oral dude my good pitch that you pick up
so you know exactly you have a little
special thing though and then rock are
still running around in his underwear
hey Dad okay this is some parts first
day of basketball class
we've never done the basketball class
before this times okay so think you'll
get another chance
you got any weights good okay I just got
back from a run 7.48 miles and now the
running club is assembling you guys
ready to go
well you can't even pinch of ships
before we go running gonna have some
nacho cheese
y'all have a nacho Bell Grande as I run
the mile you Carvin up during the race
bro okay you ready stretch those legs
out dance man that's good oh you're
gonna watch stretcher than I am okay
Ezequiel you want to come oh the gold
boys could I be PO to the Queen he slows
his down kinda doesn't he he does he's
kind of like around the towards the end
of the mile he starts to like Oh slow
down like I don't want to go anymore
I got to hurry back because Brett's
coming over we're gonna do a quick video
together Bret the intern Bret our good
buddy Brett huh
he's in here at 6:15 so you might be
here before I get hurt sorry don't be
flirting with them okay
okay one mile nine minute 32 push it
push it push it push it
9:35 nice job dude Brigitte our hustle
bro I think she's tired today hurry you
gotta get under 10 minutes 9 45 46 did
it
9:50 you tired today dude you're like
struggling bro
what's the matter to make tortilla chips
and you're not supposed to eat right
before you run how you feeling good
every day I promise it'll get easier you
guys I know it's hard I know you're
tired
is just the first after we do this for
two weeks you'll be like that's nothing
let's do two miles dad I promise it'll
get easier
we just got to keep pushing everyday
okay never giving up never quit
perseverance dude 1935 that's your best
isn't it yep best smile yet dude I'm
proud of ya good boy that's sweet for a
nine-year-old yeah to do it 935 that's
pretty dang good now I don't normally
stick to that every Tuesday is taco
night but usually when we have tacos
it's on a Tuesday because Tuesday is the
day that I need to like have a quick
dinner because we have scouts in school
and work and and homework that's what
I'm going to say so tonight we're having
tacos it's oh is he pulling a Malachi
hyper
starting to do a Malachi okay okay we're
gonna start having holes in our
sheetrock anytime H that's basically
become his hat what's that freaking
beanbag
it's his beanbag now a lot of hair on it
let me tighten is that Bret beam him up
Brett's here what are you doing Brett
Travis wait I'm online who would who
would do that
did you think that was mean the thing
that I tweeted this ago yeah I think you
did some people thought it was mean some
people like or just like things just go
over their head cuz I'm tweeted I said
look at this big fat bearded guy trying
to lose weight on the internet who's
gonna watch my brothers each other
guff that's the joke cuz that's exactly
what I did yeah anyways go check out
bread's channel he's losing weight he's
doing really good the videos are awesome
that's called project 130s losing the
third of his body weight just cut it off
I was I started up at 330 pounds four
weeks ago and I'm gonna go down to 220
had a kid 12 months ok go check it out
thanks in a mystical land and a
beautiful tree and ambiance is fresh and
the fires flaming we celebrate Sesame's
birthday was it a glorious evening
happy birthday everybody would have
distressfully happy birthday nicely
explained who your famous friend is and
she's going to be on the spin-off of The
Vampire Diaries called the original
look for her on a television screen near
you alright Twitter's at at Leah Murray
pipes la Marie pipes look out for it I
knew it like in a couple weeks I'm gonna
get tweets like Shay I saw that chick
that your friend Cecily at dinner that
one time she's on TV oh my god Cecily
and all her famous acting friends did
you have fun on our date to Cecily
birthday I had so much fun and I ate a
ton of really awesome stuff steak is
awesome it was good we had a good
birthday with Cecily she's one of our
longtime friends rock hard put some
clothes on and get out of here you're
ruining the end slate rock dark can you
say happy birthday session deed say
happy birthday to Cecily that is your
happy birthday says she's one of the
type of people that if you didn't see
her for ten years and then you saw her
one time you would catch up in a second
true I agree with that a certain and
also I agree with the delicious rock
tart I swear I will punch you straight
in your face
thanks for the sandwich today babe well
you know oh yeah you do yesterday's
lucky but you shoulda seen her face so I
got no one here ago tears three or four
years ago all right we'll see you
tomorrow
Bobby tarts gonna go give me a sandwich
