hi I'm login here okay we're vlogging
we're vlogging we're at the pad came
back in studio at when the kids go to
sleep
we're talking about vlog ferrets in
Seattle Chris Parrillo is putting on
this event called vlogger fair vlog fair
I don't know check it out links below my
pants listen here we get your pants
there's a baby there's a leak in your
pants yeah there is a baby Bobcat chased
it in there and I had done button the
top of my pants let's see that belly
finish Oh Sal well not everybody wants
like you know those pregnancy pictures
where you take it like monthly or weekly
to see how much your belly's crawling I
am NOT gonna do that I'm sorry people
just want to see you with your shirt off
it's gross why is it gross oh it's
beautiful right now it doesn't look like
a pregnant belly it just looks like I've
got like a cushion getting ready for the
baby looks like you had a couple not
that she's really answers and pizzas an
ice cream all right you guys I'm here in
studio with straight beard and the
cartoonian crew this is TJ's creation
column teach cuz he's so handsome and
loving so May 18th
right right right right maybe honestly
what happened a few weeks Shay beard
will be live we're just working on some
promos I'm doing the voice for Shay
beard right now so may 18th it will be
live the first episode go subscribe
right now to cartoonian youtube.com
slash cartooning look how handsome we
are together area is me and Trey bird
okay he keel time for his next round the
shops here we go hopefully we'll get him
to some obedience classes soon too so
that he will learn not to pull on the
leash that that is getting hard because
he's super super strong so he pretty
much drags me around for what do you
smell
that's my Birds I smell fish it's not
turning off I've had photos okay we've
got sixty two sixty two twelve pounds a
three week twenty my goodness lay off
the kibbles in bit huh
that's awesome that's a time he'll be
ready for your shots you know he's
picked totaled up in a ball right mix
and I think he remembers this room as
soon as we walked into it I think he was
like oh crap they shot me last time I
was in here he's not too excited anymore
there are tons of dogs outside that you
can hear that he wants to play with me
can't you subpoena
you're getting shot mmm you're such a
good boy though it's for your own good I
promise I'm not gonna do a mule why
would you bring me here again you know I
don't like it
alright it's time to do that thing that
I've been procrastinating all day long I
set my alarm this morning to get up at
7:30 and go run on the beach before I
went to the podcast but no I turned that
alarm off and I ignored it cuz I thought
you know what Shay it'll be fun or and
more comfortable and just nicer to lay
here on this nice bed and that's what I
did and now I regret it because I always
feel like crap if I don't do my workout
so I got to I workout you feel better
all I'm gon run and OH
meatless Monday you're at the state cars
I just made a vegetable soup okay what
is that a growl of Stone Soup only I
didn't use stones for it yeah when it's
still called Stone Soup so in sunder
arts class they made a soup called Stone
Soup and it's from a story right and I
still haven't heard the story so I'm
anxious to hear it it's a conglomeration
of a lot of just different vegetables
that everybody contribute it's cooked
with three stones right but I didn't put
stones in mine and it's not bad I mean
it's basically like a stew but with just
no meat in it I like it was coming it's
yummy
you can put meat in it but in meatless
Monday's so we're not having any meat
today
princess hard what do you think of the
stone of Stone Soup and like what it
what the wideness bad
oh you haven't tried yet okay baby hard
what do you think of the stone Stone
Soup I never do what get eating come on
you need help with your table manners
let's not stand on our chairs at dinner
time please yes I know and Shay is
actually on a run he's not quite back
yet but we can't wait sorry honey we are
eating without you because we're
starving Oh
never said it would be easy you gotta
blow on it dude and now it's dark and
I'm sweaty but I feel great
Oh feel great so good so good so good I
love you okay let's go swimming now I'll
tell you what there is nothing like a
nice hot tub right after a long beach
run on the aching muscles yeah rock-hard
can you say ahh
so that's nice ah that's not okay see
you nice talking with you
glad we had this conversation he never
listens to me all but it does and then a
random gentleman walked by and looked at
che in the weirdest way possible so this
dude just walked by right as I was
pointing this camera at me and you have
to see the camera to really appreciate
this it's princess tards camera that has
all like the heart stickers and like the
little colored stickers all over it and
right as I said oh this feels so good
I'm holding this like heart pasted
camera at my face as I say oh this feels
so good then the dude like looked at me
really really weird maybe one of the top
weird looks I've ever gotten while I
vlog myself I forgot to update you guys
on Zeke's appointment he did excellent
he is super super healthy which the
veterinarian said that there's a lot of
Great Danes that have been coming in the
aren't healthy and he's the most healthy
one she's seen in a really long time so
that made me really happy I'm like so
healthy I'm like way healthier than your
dog is he got all his shots and the best
part of his appointment is he has a new
jingler he's got his rabies shot so he's
got to chink lers I get to jingle
everywhere he goes you like your jingler
no super annoying or rude I tore these
stupid tags on my neck you let's go into
the vet because there's always tons of
other dogs around he's gained 12 pounds
in three weeks last time I took him
which was three weeks ago it was 50
pounds 62 pounds this time weight he's
just sprouting like a weed he's our
little weed Zeek do you know it's not
cool having a new puppy that wants to
show everything up look at my head I
love this hat and he's mutilated my
snapback luckily there is one little
thing that is just the size for this hat
but zekiel is in trouble come with my
hat you see what he did to my hat keep
my hey baby tard why are you wearing a
princess chard shirt you guys want to
know a funny secret princess card sold
more of those shirts and anybody else
that make you feel bad does it make you
feel bad that princess card sold more
princess card shirts and baby cards will
baby card shirts yeah you looks like you
should feel bad and you should feel bad
too look what you guys are doing to my
child
of esteem because you guys invite more
baby tarts shirts now she's gonna grow
up thinking she's not as good as our
sister do you think that Oh put that on
me
why are you put that on me okay go goes
on my face when I shave you gonna put on
me
oh that's it's pretty good to eat now
you're that all over your hand what do
you do with it now
wait don't drip it on the floor let's
wait for it one two three baby tard what
are you doing playing with my shaving
cream you're in trouble young lady I
can't believe you do that you want to
shave your finger can I shave my fingers
yeah here hold on I'll get out my razor
okay baby turn this has five razors this
is gonna hurt a lot you ready
hold still come here no come here baby
turn
bring those fingers here bring them here
I'm gonna get up I'm gonna get them
butter bring those fingers here I'm
gonna shave them off
oh hey what's going on you guys are
causing a ruckus I want to be part of
this you're in trouble I had to shave
your whole body Butthead no don't eat it
do not eat it it's not frosting it does
not taste good trust me it'll make you
sick go wash it off in the bathroom for
Zico forget it
you quit chewing on all my stuff you
butt-faced hmm what's going on here
somebody with a bare butt is on their
tippy toes busted what are you doing
buddy boy buddy boy I've been calling
too many Butthead butt heads okay come
on time to pray bedtime let's go let's
go let's go let's go let's go he'll be
ready retired
mommy's tired you can clear him clear
him nice chump no trick
no we only love Rock dirts baby we know
we know you guys are all amazing you're
all amazing and wonderful okay time to
say a prayer okay
kneel down and fold your arms and bow
your head and listen quietly while the
prayer is said who wants to say it son
tard you say it okay we say prayer every
night before we go to bed even if you
don't believe in God we believe it's
good to be grateful that is one thing
the world I feel is lacking is gratitude
and that's one of the main things we say
in our prayers is how we're thankful for
everything that we have and how much we
are blessed with all of this just having
a house of food to eat and cars to drive
and sane air to breathe and friends to
smile with and family to scream at it's
all something we can be grateful for
okay centered thank you so much for this
day thank you so much for all that we
have and that we should be grateful for
the cars that we can drive and the air
that we breathe and the families that we
have and please bless the baby inside
mommy as Tommy
and that it will keep growing and
growing and that no matter what it is
boy or girl will love it no matter what
and that baby will be nice and kind and
loving and it can always be thinking of
others and that we could think of others
too and that you can move each other no
matter what Jesus Christ amen amen
what doesn't that just melt your heart
into a million little puddles no I'm
serious though about prayer it's not
even prayer like just being grateful
there's nothing greater than a grateful
heart just think about the availability
of fresh water just that one simple
thing where a lot of people take for
granted just be able to turn the faucet
on and having clean drinking water right
there the touch of your fingers which
leads me to the reason that I'm here at
the store now because that doesn't
really happen in Los Angeles our water
smells like chlorine to me after being
in Idaho and drinking like fresh
mountains
bring water coming to LA and drinking
the water out of the tap it's like Oh
smells like a swimming pool so what we
do is we buy like just big gallon things
of water and I'm gonna make a special
drink that I saw on Facebook I saw
somebody like one of my friends high
school did this look like little drink
anyways I'll show you I'm gonna get some
water and we'll go home and I'm still
wearing my swimming suit and just I just
put a coat on over it I look weird what
delicious spring water two and a half
gallons each that's five gallons of
fresh drinking water right there from
our family yeah I remember years ago
maybe ten years ago and bottled water
first became a thing who remembers when
bottled water first became a thing it
wasn't always that you would buy water
in bottles but I remember when it first
came out and I was like so like I don't
know it's like mad or something but I
made a vow I remember saying this to my
parents I said I vowed to never buy
water from bottles for some reason I
think I thought it was snooty or just
like I can't believe they're actually
selling water when you get it free out
of the tap and now it's like such a
regular normal part of our lives that we
all get bottled water some of you might
be too young to remember that but think
about that older people you old what do
we used to do we used to go on picnics
you have to bring like a cooler with you
or like carry your water some other way
like in a thermos or something you could
just go buy a case of bottled water to
take out to the lake to go fishing with
you hello just your freshest of drinking
water please so here's a question for
you when is the last time that you
prayed I bet you there's some of you
that haven't prayed in a long time and I
mean like before you go to bed in the
silence of your closet or where nobody
can see to actually kneel down and say a
prayer I challenge you anybody anybody
do that and don't get offended if you
don't believe in God and you think
prayer is silly I think that you should
still somehow in some way profess your
gratitude maybe you write write in a
journal
maybe you tell somebody that you're
grateful for them in some way be able to
show gratitude to something whatever you
want to believe whether you believe it's
you or I don't know but there should be
some way that you can express your
gratitude I mean come on I'm not trying
to make you all religious or anything
I'm just saying think about it what is
one thing in your life that is truly a
blessing to you that you could
and be grateful for look who did my
chores for me babe thank you
have you been slicing and dicing in my
absence come here let's explain what
we're doing all right so we've you ever
been in like a lobby of like a really
nice fancy hotel and as you're going out
to like get your car get a taxi or
something they have one of these one of
these giant pitchers of water and they
always look so enticing because they
have like monthly oh is it a beehive at
the Beehive we wouldn't bought this
today we're at the store and I saw it
like babe I want to get one of those and
make some fancy drew love drinking water
and we're gonna put it in the lobby of
our house ma'am I'd like to check out
and then later I'd like some room
service okay so basically we have some
cucumber slices lime orange and mint
leaves and we're just gonna dump all
that crap in here and then fill it with
water and we're gonna put it in fridge
in the fridge that's what I want to hear
when I am like in a cooking tutorial
we're just gonna dump all that crap in
here see all this junk we're just gonna
grab it or throw this junk in here I'll
grab some more of this junk throw some
more this junk in here juice bro the
juice goes in here what do you mean I'm
get rid of the juice dude it already
smells delicious squeeze it no don't
squeeze it you have to let it subtly
just like I don't want it to be so deep
no what about me you see no stop
squeezing be subtle that's the beauty of
it and then mint leaves bunch of mint
leaves cucumbers I'll do this one he's
so good he's only wake up in the morning
and you're your mouth is like you wake
up like you want some water this is
gonna be cold and refreshing because
water is just boring but this is gonna
be healthy for you oh can I just say one
thing I just want to say one thing oh I
want to say it again can i oh I wish
you'd smoke it's really good look in
there oh I just imagine with your
imaginary button that you have in your
brain
turn on your imaginary button - I can't
wait I'm excited to go to bed tuck wake
up and have a fresh glass of this in the
morning if I open good it's not like bit
ready
last ingredient fresh drinking water
that's gonna take a while I gotta put
some holes in it yeah we don't get the
privilege of just pouring our tap water
into the set I was telling them how
Idaho water is fresh and delicious and
from the mountains but here in
California it tastes like it's from the
local swimming pool yeah they're not
close well that worked well I'll just
try go ahead and make your own recipe
try let's go go okay try try try that's
all you can do within this life just try
we'll see you guys tomorrow you'll never
know what will happen if you don't just
try it you just gotta try it that's what
you gotta do just do stuff just try and
just try and try new stuff all right
there's a lot of chores you guys have a
lot of stuff to try first you need to
subscribe to cartoon iam because Shay
beard is gonna be live on the internet
and May 18th I'm so freaking excited
links below subscribe to cartoon iam
it's gonna be right there also check out
vlogger fair it's June 8th and 9th in
the Seattle Washington area so anybody
who's up in that area maybe some of you
from Canada want to come down across the
border come hang out at vlogger fair I'm
gonna be there on June 8th and 9th you
can go register on vlogger fair calm
there's a limited time off for $29
admission tickets right now there's
gonna be like iJustine in the CTFxC and
bf vs. GF the dope fresh nation gonna be
there Sean and then of course you should
try this delicious tricky and water
thingy that we just did and say your
prayers check out yesterday's vlog the
mystery video and what the Shaytards are
doing one year ago two years ago three
years ago for you guys know how it works
right you get this whole endslate thing
click on some buttons have some more fun
get some more smiles on your face we
love you we'll see you tomorrow
