hi I'm login here good job get all those
weeds throw them in the garbage can
there's some down there look look down
there see over down there go get those
ones pick them up we are here at a local
school you can grab some to rock tard go
ahead babe charts where the local still
at school doing a service project
there's the start explain to me what
we're doing today why are we helping
clean up the school why do we do service
to hold on the iron ride well you
shoulda brought your work gloves
basically our church does service
projects every once in a while so we
found a local school that needed some
little a little Rehabilitation everybody
comes and meets here at the same place
and we just like many hands make light
work and everybody attacks it and within
the four or five hours we do like a
whole remodel job on the whole school
clean up litter
clucking weeds cleaning out garden beds
painting walls getting our hands dirty
let me see your hands
looks pretty dirty to me remember baby
tarred many hands makes light work right
right
nice jog rocked are good boy Little Rock
charts even helped them little
two-year-olds can even help my job so
far has been getting these giant weeds
out of the cracks of the cement over
here I've been deleting all these all
these cracks all these weeds are growing
out of the side of these southern
shovels out we got to get a garbage can
to put these in baby to our we have to
find a big can for those K I still get
these over here these ones need to be
dug out this is our next project right
here and shake these up and then once I
get these out and want you guys to get
into a garbage can okay you guys are
good little workers alright get that
beast open don't put your brother in it
okay I know you want to put your brother
in there but that's not where he belongs
he belongs in your mother's arms because
she loves him at least somebody does
good get it open okay now come here you
gotta get all this stuff stack it in
there look at that big weed I just pops
right off at the base and you get that
in there let's see that little princess
your job is to get that weed into that
bag then we're gonna weigh it and sell
it then import it across the board what
that is an appropriate drug joke I'm
sorry pick it up get the weeds in the
trash with Hasse get it in there
yeah I'm just supervising basically you
need some help you need your sister to
help hold that bag for you that's some
dank bud dude get a
in there you have a hard time let me to
help you oh hey look at that look at
those Mormon Helping Hands hey come help
this chick she needs her help oh did you
get it oh good job okay now move on the
next one hey come here let me see your
jacket there that's cool why don't I get
one of those Mormon Helping Hands
turnaround can I sit is it bad if I say
that makes your butt look good oh snap
No oh yeah I want to wipe stuff on your
shirt to go help her look at those weeds
she's having a hard there in the front I
wouldn't stole this one from the front
yeah job every card I'm going along and
I'm getting all the weeds out of the
cracks am i doing a good job I have some
water down here to do okay baby card you
follow me and you put those in the bag
as I get them out of the cement okay
we're a team good job okay here we go
you're learning to work now baby chard
will do this little worm look at there's
a little worm little green worm did you
get five extra bonus points if you eat
it we eat it oh it's a gummy worm dude
trash Oh stacked all right Wicked Witch
of the West
use that broom and sweep it in there
manual labor is good for your soul tell
you what every little piece of that dude
you gotta get that really good we want
these kids to show up Monday morning and
be like holy Majoli look how clean our
school is I feel proud of my school I
want to get good grades and go to
college you get a good education to make
a difference in this world because my
school is clean and I'm proud go to this
school that's what I want them to say
just like that
because I think every kid that goes to
school is Adam Sandler maybe tired once
you have that full of stuff go get in
the garbage bag and throw it in there
okay nice keep it up ladies
can I go down here and attack some more
weed with my shovel so I'm tired why are
we doing this what's the reason we do
this why why do we want to help other
people makes what why do you want the
world to be a better place so why do you
want people to be happy
what's your problem bro hey we're going
to dock your wages if you don't get to
work hustle up I need to see some more
sweat on that brow young man hurry up
you have 18 more of these to do this
whole thing is be raked by noon it's
gonna be alright yeah yeah
look don't worry one two a bad thing by
Marling yeah why because every little
thing it's gonna be alright yeah it's
funny because I went on my mission as a
Mormon missionary to the West Indies I
was in Barbados and Trinidad in Guyana
and this is all the music they ever
played is Bob Marley so it's like a nice
little tune to be working to I want a
drink down thirsty hey pick up that rake
and get back to work young man
and sneeze on the water fountain there
you go this is my message to you we got
painting going on
I got sweeping going on we got hacking
of branches and bushes and we are even
letting a little two-year-old paint the
school that's how that's what we are I
don't know if you're qualified
Rob chard went to three years of
painting school for this so I don't know
rock dirt back to work dude there you go
the job prints to start can give take
turns lip prints a certain paint and
then you can have a turn here we are
trying to clean the place up and this
guy is doing graffiti all over the place
cheese man
vandalizing what are you putting on here
the freebies it's like a playground
motto be safe here that be safe be
responsible and be respectful are you
those three B's young lady you are good
don't forget to be awesome
dftba is the school excited to see this
when it's done he's doing like this
whole collage mural thing here like a
scroll update be safe and then don't
forget to be respo hey are you restful
baby bird are you RESP oh you don't know
what rest pose
you better be RESP oh hey you guys I
take back what I said about not liking
the pole colors it looks like I was
mistaken and that was just the primer
check out the colors they're gonna go
with this blue and then this blue I
think they're gonna like alternate like
two different color blues this is
actually just a primer primer I like
that blue that's my that's my color
right there yeah I should have known its
primer hedging rocked our did like two
of the poles down there he's a big
helper he's tired he doesn't want to be
cute anymore now my teacher said Julie
watches our videos hates big girl doll
videos
oh it's recording I don't know that okay
so I know I have did one a long time but
today I'm going to show you some my
American Girl trick hello Matt well
that's her name of course the llamas
gonna start with her backbend kickover
she's gonna kick over she still needs a
holder but that's okay hi guys
baby tarde wants to do something with
her mare who Gaga is she was gonna do a
trick with her American Girl doll okay
let's get started
it was hers American girls tricks okay
hey guys she's gonna be doing this split
she's still trait that's why she fell
down hello I'm gonna do my splits with
my bear the time hey guys haha action my
American Girl dolls gonna do a headstand
today
now guys my girl is gonna do the middle
split ha ha kids okay come on now we're
gonna do a back handspring she's still
practicing on her back kids brains
that's why she has this tada
Paloma is gonna do a back handspring
funny use thing is the same thing to
learn about always use I do afterwards
Florida and gloom are like the bestest
friends do that she's gonna take over
Ted uh back handspring okay guys now
learn us good with you a front foot
having a lot of flips haha bye-bye
action okay cake thanks for watch me
okay guys thank you for watching my you
subscribe this you make sure you like it
and make sure you watch it and make sure
you keep watching more Shaytards videos
thank you very much bye bye bye
oh say 500 bucks if I flirt up
you see that I think I turn the camera
on
too late he badges to the cabinet here
put it on him again this is hours of fun
thanks Fela fix it you just shake it off
as a head pull it down Oh take it the
first time he was under there for like
five minutes we would do like what a
quick trip oh you did it you did it
this is hours of fun come on covers try
to get warm
dude Snuggie for Great Danes it's a
dougie a Snuggie for dogs a dougie teach
me how to dub you teach me teach me how
to dougie
did your dougie in right now Snuggie for
dogs
it seemed to him like Oh Big E is man so
crazy within just like a couple months
he's tripled I feel like easy tripled in
size
Kevin we took him to the vet you lose 50
pounds and we're taking him again
tomorrow I bet she'll be 60 but these
are the notches in the wall he's gone
from first second to third Earth's first
he's first second third he's gotten all
first three places Thank You Sookie all
right enough of you guys just staring at
our dumb dog becomes like a whole nother
character Oh
XP lie off it makes me go haha I love
when I go ha ha ha ha I said huh huh you
guys want some more ha ha check out
yesterday's ha ha we got a mystery ha ha
you wanna see what the ha ha that we are
ha ha in about 1 2 3 and 4 years ago all
right in the middle there we hope you ha
ha your face is off and we love you and
we'll haul high you tomorrow
