stretch you have a good day puppy huh
yeah I had a good day you guys are
Church all day and leaving me here my
kennel to smell my own farts
think about sniffing other dogs but it's
really boring there just leave me for
three hours now a dog's think about when
they're by themselves I want to know
what does he think about when we're not
here does he think about stuff he starts
to thinking like catalogs the things
that he knows where they're at okay I
know dad left his shoe by the couch son
tard left his book underneath it up my
new hat the other day so pissed I meant
angry my new oh she lifts it up huh I
thought you told the kids not to leave
things on the ground
Oh Chomp Church and we had a great
Sunday I sang in church and I taught the
lesson today you dead new like our super
awesome
and I went to a meeting this morning I
was like the triple threat kind of guy
watch out watch out what should we talk
about one take Sunday I just turn the
camera on oh is this our one takers oh
hi guys with that say something cute and
funny feet everybody loves you Center
tell him be cute and nice they have a
question for you
son Chardon yes I've seen some comments
that people say in the videos that you
always get interrupted that you'll be
talking and saying something cute and
adorable and that one of your sisters or
your bratty little brother will run in
and be like pay attention to me pin into
me and then you just kind of like fade
in the background tell us about that
tell us about how you feel about that do
you feel like you have a tough life and
that you live in a crappy household no
you don't what do you think tell us your
feelings you want to know your emotions
let's inside here bro let it all out let
it all out I don't think there's really
nothing to know about me down girl I got
upset that you're just growing up what's
your favorite thing about your father
you're smart I'm smart your ID ladies
it's Merc you're the smart what's
important life what's not important in
life that is right that means not
important
candy is too important kids our videos
got 500,000 views yeah you're right
remember that saying the things that
matter the most lasts the longest and
families are forever right there but
today at church we talked about I don't
know let's talk about one will take
Sunday so I'm just tell you what we
talked about Church I gave the lesson
what about what was your guys's lesson
on with three hours you give the one of
them in our church in the Mormon Church
everybody in the church takes turns
teaching there's not like a priest or a
minister who like teaches every Sunday
so the congregation rotates it's like
today there's two people who are new and
they they talked and then I rotate with
four other people to teach Sunday School
and then Casey and Caylee actually teach
their class or your class or so what did
you learn in church man what'd you learn
what'd you learn interrupting him are
you you're used to her though right when
we train our kids to be interrupted
because this is part of their life hey
what'd you learn
buddy no matter what love everybody no
matter what sounds like brainwashing to
me why should you love everybody no
matter what well because it's we
actually talked about that too in one of
my classes about how today hate is
easier to be spread because back in the
old day people like they could have
thought mean things about other people
but nobody would go up to somebody and
say hey you're stupid you're ugly
but now on the internet because there's
an anonymity of tightening mean things
and they don't have to confront the
people that they said it to because they
can just hide in their basement behind
the computer and they can write bad and
mean things on the computer and how like
that's how one way the evils spreading
is that people are able to like be mean
and angry towards other people a lot
easier nowadays and then because of
those thoughts they turn into actions
they type it into words then it's like
more and more and more people are just
more and more mean to people and I would
have to love everybody you love bro it's
all about the love right bro yeah about
the love bro
love you bro so weird that are your
daddy this is you it's weird that your
daddy kisses you cuz he loves you
actually kind of is it weird that I'm
kissing you I'm jealous I'm sure
yes you can I love you oh oh it's a
happy town so my lesson I taught today
on keeping the Sabbath day holy we
believe that you know Sunday is the
Sabbath day and one thing with the
scripture the main scripture that I
shared is in mark chapter 2 and Christ
said the Sabbath is made for man and not
man for the Sabbath meaning that the
Sabbath day isn't just something that
God said you have to do these certain
things on this day it's kind of the day
that we look at it to refresh - you know
that's why we do these one-take Sundays
to not work to not focus about you know
worry about the things that we worry all
week about you know like kind of just
some time to like decompress and to
recalibrate your perspective let you
know what's really important
machine-like like when you know you can
not work learn yeah like three spiritual
recharging yeah you can work out your
spirit Broz I don't want to interrupt
you again sometimes yes anyways take
Sunday this is women script this though
we don't ever hang normally every
sometimes on one take Sunday I'm like we
got to do something cuz I always feel
this pressure to be entertaining I'm
like oh like what should we do like
let's have the kids do a skit but a lot
of times on Sunday I'm like I just want
to her and get Sun one take Sunday over
with so that I can relax and just hang
out with the family the rest of the day
that's one of the things I like to do on
Sundays I don't get on the computer very
much I try to get one take Sunday up and
then it's just like we spend the day
eating we're eating quinoa we spend the
day
chips and quinoa and watermelon we
wrestle we sit around we have stalks
it's like one of our best days just sit
around and talk about how the kids are
doing in school
how they feel about things and see what
the girls are doing ladies one takes
Sunday anything to say you organizing
your drawer
maybe tard come give us some insightful
words of wisdom before we say goodbye it
to one second take Sunday you have
anything to say of importance come on
give us some life wisdom
what was it sell it to us we believe
their bed will be punished from the road
Susan doctor and
transgressions we believe that men will
be punished for their own sins and not
for Adam's transgressions basically we
have okay what basically that means that
you will be judged for your own choices
you are in control of your life and your
decisions
that's basically what that means what
what what what sandals viral hair right
there speak up what do you after class
you got a toy you got a necklace every
time they pass off an article of faith
they get a beat on her necklace that's
great good job love you all right
anything else last words rock cards
asleep you like zebras of course who
doesn't prints aside the girls and
they're like mom just get the baby out
already I want to have the baby get the
baby out so I have to explain to them
that it still has to get eyeballs you
are getting the baby bump is that rude
for me to say I'm starting to see turn
to the side turn to the side pat though
that's right that was rude let's see
stick it out that's not keeping the
Sabbath day Oh mothers day is coming up
to me know sing it go out I don't hear
it no do you know what okay here great
sing it hurry the battery's gonna die
remember no I need to learn it more cuz
we just really learned it today okay do
it that real quick I dunno let's see
which one serious that's your first
tooth
let me see we fill it I sing it to you
on Father's Day season right now what's
all these songs your prominences but you
don't have any memorize that's a great
song I'm jamming out so hard to that
song right now I'm gonna download that
song on iTunes seriously what is that
how'd you learn those lyrics bro that's
a tub that baseline really catchy all
right
work on it see you later bye see you
guys tomorrow don't get mores
