hi I'm logging here someone's having
dreams dream running fabulous let's see
it again at the same time let see the
cartwheel at the same time in the middle
I'm filming random l beautiful you're a
teacher loves you to let you do this in
here okay one more time yeah you did it
good job girls what's up did you get the
kids
you still love us using the camera that
I think has bad sound cause this one
does it does look at what what okay I'll
switch hold on hold on
switching cameras okay new camera does
it have different sound in the comments
let us know what do your friends say at
school what what mom said your friend
said some at school what you just told
me what they were saying at my mom skin
was better than their mom skin Oh got a
hot mom bro what do you do about it
my friends are talking about you before
school I'm like what were they saying
like but your mom's skin is better than
their mom's skin
what do they say about your dad that I
think your dad is studly never seen you
that's cuz I'm an absentee father I'm a
bad dad I'm usually on the road making
movies you have a good day at school
it's Friday bro what are you gonna put
them on your skin so you have better
skin than all the other kids mom's
secret how much money do you spend on
this crap
what's going over there the naked baby
there's a naked baby what I'm watching a
movie leave me alone what is this stuff
what is this supposed to do there whoa
your book me your puppy hey son tired
go get your running shoes on time to go
go take your skate shoes off and get
your mild shoes on we're going a mile
Nicky bubble wrap bubble wrap hi babe I
could tell you're doing something my
preferir they shouldn't it's going on
well I just was opening my oils and this
came to I look at her
saving her look he loves bubble wrap you
want to come to pop it there you go
pop it why don't you go put some
underwear on you noticed I put them
underwear on he learns it from his
mother you guys oh really
thing her skin looks really good too oh
you think you're gonna come on the mile
run with us today okay I don't wanna
hear any complaining can you keep up can
you keep up you sure should we all go a
Friday night mile run yeah all seven of
us do it all eight of us with that one
okay get your shoes on let's go we're
all going a mile
Friday night Butler Mile Run all right
here we are day two of the mile
after-school Club and we just gained
another member you ready for this baby
tard you'll be able to keep up hey
listen first rule of mile club after
school club no whining and also no
talking about my after-school Club
around to the end of these cheese and
Decimus kind of itching yeah if you run
a mile you to climb a tree that's your
reward is not a great reward
Zeke's flirtin with some girls over here
Zeke come on gotta run a mile dude
boo boo boo group room come on let's go
let's go oh just like Malachi Malachi
was always scared a little Doug come on
let's go I was gonna get you I'm gonna
get you all right here we go let's go
one mile lookin good
ladies here boy looking good baby tar
princes tarred shoe came untied hurry
catch up to us
nice job I'll do a good two hundred here
come centered good job you can do it
18 seconds you guys did it in under ten
minutes
I looked me and baby target in 10
minutes 18 seconds John you guys did it
9 minutes 58 seconds to my phone alright
Zeke's tongues hanging out good job
princess tard you did it in 9 minutes
and 55 seconds son tard you were 9
minutes 58 seconds and me and baby tard
did it in 10 minutes and 18 seconds but
that's a good now you have to pee that's
a good job me and Zeke did the same
we're losers Zeke we have to hurry our
pace up dude we can do better than that
dude you go no you can't play on the
bridge yes princess hard is the winner
and the cross country champion good job
you guys we'd be our time yesterday
good job I'm really proud of you baby
tard you did it good just ran a mile
you're only five years old oh look who
else join the running club there he goes
mr marathon man himself is so sad when
you guys walked out the door nobody said
like okay we'll go join up any club
alright gotta be up in a tree or
something okay branch piece of fruit
that's about to fall
Wow
rolling and action a family that rolls
together stays together or gets ran over
on the bike path together
mommy dart wins and she has a baby bump
the rock card nice rolling guys rocked
oldie rolled the longest rock and roll
EO tart now you have to run around oh it
keeps going it keeps going okay princess
tart is going to show you a trick where
she will dismount the rims and go to the
party one two three let's go
let's get over
other way right guys thank you
yay for the smart now Rochard wants to
do it all right
they're ready to play now okay
you
Superman tell me and suck harder gonna
do a trick
ready can't let me come there worried
here we go yeah are you all I'm like are
you okay there was a good trick though I
guess we are done having goodbye that's
our have okay it starts up in her game
watch this trick okay Oh God
oh my goodness I thought you were gonna
bail Perumal I'm watching you you're
amazing job you monkey you're a bunch of
month liquid wait for next trick yeah we
are working on okay
there we go everybody when the moon is
your eye like a big piece of violets
amore
I'm having to pay tippy-tippy-tay
tippy-tippy-tay like grabbing Caesar
salad calamari and bread balls pasta
fazool and ask for the place
you know Washington and enemy moon is
your eye like a big piece of pie that's
amore that's amore everybody have a
party
why not some more
that's amore okay ladies where we going
for dinner I mean wait a minute Larry
did that where we going to the movie we
are trying to decide because I went and
saw oblivion with the apprentice a crew
when I was in Idaho and Colette's mad at
me no she didn't want me to see it
without her I cheated on her at the
movies she did Aubrey cheated on you
with Tom Cruise he's so handsome so I'm
trying to convince him to go c42 the
Jackie Robinson one day Ben whatever but
I did really want to see oblivion I'm
more excited about oblivion that I am
about 42 but I'm cool whatever
cuz you're racist okay black baseball
players she does Joe she hates white
baseball card that's right chum Chris
does he looks just like oh is that one
alright so we're going to the movies I
don't care because I'm a neat like your
first year - a - a turd in pipe down
we're eating sugar sorry guys she's a
rope that's some order alright so we
ended up going to see oblivion it's my
second time seeing it and I didn't mind
one bit because Tom Cruise dupa dupa do
he's so good-looking yeah I am a
straight heterosexual man and I think
Tom Cruise is a handsome devil I don't
care what you think I love the movie I
thought it was good I thought there were
some good flight scenes in it and it's
one of those movies that you can talk
about for like the next hour like when
you're leaving the movie theater I love
movies when you're leaving and you're in
a group of people and you're like oh
without this oh did you guys think about
this and then they're like you go back
and forth like Oh what you know I'm
saying it was really fun happy weekend
to you it's Saturday go out and get
yourself some fresh air today go join
our after school mile club but remember
you can't talk about my life cool school
club app we're gonna come up with a
better name than that and there's no
whining and mile after school club just
remember check out yesterday's vlog if
you're feeling lucky I got a special
surprise for you there I don't know what
it is yet I'll figure out something and
see what the Shaytards we're doing one
year ago two years ago three years ago
the four zeros okay I love you and see
you tomorrow with eggs a day bye
