I'm the only sausage in my sausage get
all this out are we going to the library
oh my goodness you're so excited for the
library they won't even let me talk to
them how are you buddy today I'm doing
really good it's a sunny named
California and it's always nice when
it's sunny okay we're entering the
library name is probably teach me about
Polly Polly has wings these are her
bring wings this is her smile she has
these she has her head forks and I am
his mandolin it has antennas cool you
better keep Polly away from Zeek and
rocked her because she will not last
long in our house what are you telling
me sometimes when I finish this one
rather you already picked one great the
saying there's only one tiny section in
this library that you're not allowed to
pick from which means see they all have
this accelerated reader numbers they can
only pick books from their certain level
and he has already moved up to all the
levels so he there's only one I think
shouldn't the whole campus from and so
by the end of the school you're right
that he'll be a little pick from that
section because he's really good or yes
and that section is the hop it's a
hobbit you want to read The Hobbit
that's an intense novel payment so
everything it's really guess what guess
what what how'd you get the Hobbit No so
it's almost my birthday so the teacher
I'm one of the teachers I'm taking to
bring library and
I'm Dion Dion I advise you to cook pick
hook and a book harder but not on these
shows they're like a special type of
burn don't stay on a tiny books that I'm
gonna get the Magic Treehouse poke a guy
that's okay they lock the doors right at
2:45 we have to be out of here so we'll
get back and we made it that's in the
nick of time
good job you guys there's my helper Wow
dude I'm impressed look at the groceries
you carried a whole watermelon all by
yourself with your two arms or did you
only use one arm tell me the truth you
use one arm or two did you use three
arms you use three arms didn't you
you're a three arm watermelon carrier I
always knew that about you I always knew
that you were a three arm watermelon
carrier what about you son tard how many
ARMs you use carry watermelon looks like
you carried one and then the other arm
to carry oranges you're a one-armed
Orange watermelon carrier is there more
in the car good golly Miss Molly how
many groceries we have oh look there's
one arm - bye - Koko carrier we do not
endorse this product didn't have the
other kind of why do you get the other
kind they're cheaper and it's the same
thing a lot of times people see like
products in our videos then they go
they're getting a brand deal they're
like when we talk about heytell I saw
some comments here today saying oh
they're good that's product integration
right there we're not getting paid for
any of this crap we wish we would we
wish you would buy - Koko
we've given by the Koko a ton of free
promotion haven't we fighter coca
where's our check hi jerks
1 2 3 marm watermelon carrier we we
table Akkad o send us free avocados what
what what what do you freaking want
facing her I'm gonna put singers you
facing her facing her I'm not putting my
face where your foot is
oh okay there's two stickers oh you got
a double sticker Apple that's like when
you get an Indian with a star on the
Twitty roll pop dude that's lucky stars
let's go sucker me into buying these
these where are they they're my Attard
likes her sausages oh yeah these are so
good really good mom eat I want sausages
send us free sausages sausage company
aren't you I'm the only sausage sausage
gonna get all this out hey guys check
this out
I think somebody gave us a princess card
at playlist con at playlist con that's
big autopilot slight mix-up okay so
we're going to run a mile right now
center what did you get in your mile ten
twelve I told them that we're gonna be
working hard together until he is a sub
10-minute marathon so let's go do it
every day after school running a mile
are you excited
okay let's go aha BAM I'm running with
this in my hair that's gonna get me
faster I told you princess are you ready
hey how long was your mile tell me it
was what that was your mile 1251 there's
no excuse for that you both are gonna be
under 10-minute milers in the next
couple months you're both gonna be able
to run a marathon
marathon a mile in nine minutes okay
okay sorry your dad - slave driver let's
go take your coat off you're not gonna
wear that or your hat take your coat and
your hat off shred pigs II think he can
run a mile yeah give me the leash for a
technique to first day running a mile
together we got Zeke we got prints start
get Sun tart
we got shades hard we're going a mile
here we go okay so we're on pace I just
checked we're at a half a mile we're at
4 minutes and 58 seconds guys so we're
gonna get under 10 minutes
nice job how're you feelin good how you
feelin zekiel Oh daddy sontar lookin
good bro looking strong we need to get
you some new running shoes ok one mile
at 10 minutes 9 seconds go go go go go
nice dude hey that was 1012
we did it 1.01 miles 10 minutes 12
seconds you guys dead
that was good we all have to cut off 12
seconds you guys will be under 10
minutes that was good
nice job guys I'm proud of you so what's
your best mile that's your challenge
today these two kids did it and this
little puppy did it go out run one mile
and leave your time below see what you
guys can do look at that puppy he's
gotten big he's probably growing about
an inch and a half since last time I
seen him these kids got quite the
workout today his puppy did too he was
dragging but at the very end job guys
day one of the shake are running club
you got no this is the first day we've
ran you guys ran it at school that
doesn't count the real work begins when
I'm in charge oh that's right but we're
starting to begin now so today is the
first of that second segment I don't
know whatever we run every day Dawson
the pigskin cage almost throw that
soccer ball here bro-heem chuck it can
you jump out of the truck jump nice jump
bro I'm gonna leave my shoes right there
right by the truck let's go rock face
beautiful day first day back in
California and I wanted to see the
sunset get to the choppa the bit of
blades is like slow motion
nice throw Steven tackler who's good
okay we're not gonna see you again
oh the helicopter man great for Beach
running you totes our bed ha ha ha ha ha
ha ha I shoot that one in but that's was
awesome Steven angle there Oh totally
work Johnny Utah honey you come
Rock cards found his favorite thing to
do at the beach today he's gonna scale
the wall good job little man you have so
much good balance careful there's a whoo
oh the things that little kids can be
entertained by he's been over here for a
few minutes just playing playing by his
lonesome I love you I love you too
hey Superman young fun he's not cold
he's tough you got steel skin he's man
of iron dun dun dun dun dun dun
yeah I'm fine buddy here comes
yeah just gone sunset and sanam are fell
soaking wet crap battling the ocean he
tries to run out there and then when the
wave comes in he runs away Wow yells
it's gonna get me
I always tell Claude I'm like honey
let's move back to Idaho and I always
have those like feelings wanting to move
out to Idaho's I get frustrated how much
houses popped up here but nights like
these that's why we stay yeah it looks
like it you are drenched are you cold
you're not sitting in my truck on the
way home you have to sit in the back
okay I have some bungee cord we can
strap you to the roof is that cool or
you can just hold on to the bumper on
the way home okay
here comes a big one you're gonna get
drenched and the Sun sets on another
beautiful evening here in sunny Southern
California is Superman finally cold down
Superman cold reject him smile
no smiling you dare don't smile he's
gonna come out with a party okay he
doesn't like the pressure she's dressed
magic dress in the moat Rose you cold
mommy how's the new baby is the new baby
having a good time maybe her kids
Oh beautiful are you beautiful are you
beautiful you're gonna have to have a
knife fight with your brother and
sisters for it well but sister and
brothers okay explain to me what
happened here today
someone's going in the drink that's what
happened just like that
oh no comes away right is that a true
statement what just happened you think
as a pretty good representation let's
get a close-up on the Shivering here and
then baby tarde got hypothermia and her
hands fell off and then we all died it
was exciting
that's not fun oh wait what funny to
joke about death it's only funny to joke
about hypothermia oh really
I know how to joke around on the
Internet that's it I love when you pick
my nose yeah
hey it's Friday night we're going out
are you go on a date with me well it
depends on what are you gonna drive a
really cool trap um I guess so okay what
are we gonna do your breath smells good
what did you eat do you know what Sun
tell anyone it's only 2:00 in the
afternoon you can hot chocolate and Egan
gave four at gave to us you're eating
Tim Duggan's chocolate
well it's Canadian chocolate it's ah
alright well happy Friday to everybody
go click on which video mommy tard which
ones should they click on uh
yesterday's and then the fill-in locky
video and then we've got we've done like
four years of videos you should go check
out what we're doing those days every
single day Dave a lot of people want to
watch those videos you know why you're
so good I don't know why they're good
they're like so amazing who's gonna
babysit the kids tonight uh
I texted Danna Richards and she said she
could do it
you guys go tweet Danna Richards and
tell her thanks for babysitting our
brats and we're gonna want to date I'm
gonna do what you want to do on a date
if it's really good you might get a kiss
at the end of the night but if it's not
I make out with you right now
guys you guys tomorrow
we love you don't get hypothermia
