Froyo I'm afraid you're off a building
don't put the red but your beard is
awesome and your kids are awesome and
your wife is
shame
okay here's the situation last time we
were here Logan was psychopath remember
and he got his teeth out last time we
heard at the Gold's Gym and Logan pulled
up remember that no you probably don't
hi Brock I used to date her in high
school we made out once I'm telling them
about how I made out with you on time
all right man let's do this thing let's
get a workout on here we go hey guys I'm
over here we hit it hard about
motivation determination never giving up
give it all you got
okay prepare yourself for some major
motivational editing
there we go that's how you do it ladies
and gentlemen that's how you get big
buff and in shape right there you need a
lot of food and selling the couch yeah
let's go get some cheeseburgers now okay
dinnertime what are you making for
dinner mom I'm gonna make some
enchiladas dad what's for dinner
yeah dad waffles chicken and waffles
here comes Logan waffle honk at him tell
him to get his buff muscles out here
here he comes here comes a little gone
guys what's up I just got back from
school today I did my homework my mom
was on a show it's actually camera juice
it doesn't really taste like cranberry
so it's awesome yeah and we'll just
hanging out I'm gonna pick the question
TV today was testing CST like the
California Standards test a really big
one like you tell what you learned about
and all out of the whole year and you
put it on to this one test to the
California Standards I think so you
don't think so I mean did you do well in
the past you're doing testing all week
huh so we are going to do Oh so sundried
what makes you happy what just answer
the question what makes you happy family
really oh what's your favorite thing to
do in your spare time
reading do you like video games do you
like
what kind of sports do you like very
much you want to answer a question John
it's on cards turn do next what's your
favorite color
blue baby blue by baby blue yeah what do
you think is in my belly
okay what kind of baby okay are you girl
you really do do you want a girl huh
you guys are witnessing this firsthand I
don't I did not I were always going on
here I'm let's find out let's find out
what's going on here so what made you
change your mind after school my friends
here are so sweet
well that just proves that whatever we
have you are going to love it all lucky
how did you hold it like this oh you
probably shouldn't do that but that's
cool you can do that with our baby as
long as I have to scream like this she's
like I know it's tempting because
they're so cute but yeah be careful with
your germs but that was cheap you buddy
wiener you're about right here I'm not
funny you're funny
am i funny dad am i funny you're the
funniest table already our waitress just
told us that we were the funniest table
she's had all
I said I'm gonna go home and write that
wait Journal I don't know if that came
office like a compliment
I mean like anyways my dumb I'm done
with listen they had this blackberry
lemonade that I got it was to die for I
am literally going to my grave anyways
you said dinner was delicious there's a
to-go box okay okay okay thank you I
guess I gotta go I have to get a picture
with my mom
Logan he down and do five push-ups right
now we did chest today we really worked
a hard ride signed sealed and delivered
alright ladies and gentlemen here we are
at the crazy Kiwi this Kiwis pissed off
you guys you don't know how madness Kiwi
is somebody offended his mom and now it
was crazy
we're getting Froyo because everybody
knows you can't stay frozen yogurt we
have to abbreviate it it's wrong yo yo
yo yo you Bear you sure dude
that's some calories your six-packs not
gonna look sweet definition on your
obliques for your stupid tattoos good
let's see your dumb tattoo kids don't
get tattoos their stupid
my brother is stupid oh look at its cute
little nipple ball what is your favorite
color purple
q.what oh good job
it's attention time Prince Todd what is
your favorite thing to do in your spare
time you do you so you do like gymnastic
but sometimes you don't like to not see
you do I am learning all this new study
tonight
okay oh wait I can't remember the
questions I asked that what's your
favorite sport what do you think is in
my belly my favorite hold on is not your
turn yet okay a girl and what we name it
right
Emily Emily what does it mean to have a
family what does family mean to you you
know it's what our family means we jump
off cliffs together but mostly just with
dad cuz my mom she's away this is what
happened I started giving attention to
these other kids and this one said oh
yeah oh yeah I know how to get some
attention your jump Delhi okay no you
don't need children take don't even turn
on your self attention it's okay it's
washable that's why you buy the washable
he just wanted a guys care okay uh do
you have any questions for me okay baby
drive what's your favorite color what's
your favorite sport which of everything
through your spare time what do you
think is in my belly I love my baby we
know it's a baby but is it a girl or a
boy what will we name it that's Madeline
Madeline Emily or Emily Madeline because
you want it Emily you guys need to calm
down right now my parents need a beating
and I think I need to go give them a
beating what do you guys think
come on let's go ready
Froyo I'm a froyo ways up the bedrock
from you I'm afraid you're half a
building please don't do drugs kids
hey just to make any job then another
that drives I make a ditch yo-ho-ho
whatever they enslave you made it once
again to the end of a Shaytards vlog and
boy oh boy
golly gee monkeys we appreciate it
please check out yesterday's vlog it was
such a walk down reminisce memory lane
and if you've been watching change
hearts for a while it will have meant a
lot to you as well
enemy in yesterday's vlog was so fun
because I just got to like relive all
that and I knew like I knew there like
in five 10 years from now I will look
back on yesterday's vlog with much
fondness you feel lucky click on that
feelin lucky spinny face right there on
the right side and let's walk down
memory lane again together what were the
Shaytards doing one year ago two years
ago three years ago and cuatro a√±os ago
I've said this a few times and it keeps
happening all these like year ago videos
in the middle every time I click on one
every time I go to search to find the
links to put them in the description for
the annotations I'm shocked how crazy ly
interrelated in her LOC they are of like
what we were doing four years ago it's
like I'm a bee of talking about what
something today and it happens exactly
that way four years ago three years ago
it's weird it's like destiny thanks for
watching you guys we Aparri she hate it
thumbs it up comment it I'm reading your
comments right now literally I'm in the
comment saying what did they say what
did they say what did they say honesty
what'd they say what'd they say what'd
they say so please leave me a comment
and as always I love you I love you so
much
and I'll see you tomorrow
