think those roots deep into the
nutrient-rich soil weirdo for what Oh
birthday girl how much longer you make
these videos for howdy hello good
morning got you some tourists today one
of those chores is watering the new
trees I don't know if I showed you guys
but a couple weeks ago we had tours
who wouldn't come up here and we planted
like 20 blue spruce Colorado pine trees
subject behind me right here and we have
a drip system like they're getting water
every morning but I like to come out
here and water that it's very satisfying
I talked to them do you know that plants
can understand you I remember when I was
a kid that they said if you want your
plants to be healthy you'll talk to him
so I sit here I talked to him I say grow
your roots deep I encourage them you
gotta motivate people sometimes you know
sometimes people just feel lackluster
you know don't feel like getting up and
getting at them no I'm saying I tell
this tree I say you got strong roots
this is your lands your ground seek them
deep sink those roots deep into the
nutrient-rich soil make a great life
here so that's one of the tours I'm
doing today is watering the tree okay
teaspoon I also have some other chores
and errands and I can't talk very much
about I'm I'm doing something really
exciting today but I can't tell you dang
it I hate that I know I hate that too
I'll tell you later trust me please okay
I got to go out of this tree bye guys
this happened it was a mirror and it was
pretty but I left it leaning against the
house and it just got too windy that was
dumb I should not have done that but you
know what I do a lot of stupid things
yeah oh well I'll clean it up whatcha
cookin mouths car oh really
is that we're having for dinner
mouthguard for dinner you gross okay
this time don't put it boiling hot in
your mouth do you guys ever made or
shaped a mouth guard before yeah you got
to boil it in water to get it soft and
pliable but don't put it in your mouth
right after you take it out
the boiling water and to do this because
this is my emergency mouth guard - so
I'm gonna off guard got chewed up by my
amigo
your little brother they're just kidding
ya amigo Carly's little puppy amigo
shoot it up or I guess he's not a puppy
anymore the big one the big one dude it
off yeah Diego is that the other one
amigo and Diego that's fun alright see
it so then what do you do do you run it
under some cold water before I put it in
my mouth good idea yeah you and then you
just shape it and squish it and make
your death match your teeth where you
going Oh clearly I'm a rookie I should
not have do this we've done it for a
couple of years oh well and for dinner
we've got some rolls in the oven they're
not in there to bake they're in there to
rise because you have to let them rise
for a couple hours but since I've got
them ready so late I turned on the oven
just to warm it up so that it's warm and
then I put the rolls in so that they can
rise a little bit faster it won't be
good and I did not make those rolls from
scratch they're just like the kind that
you buy in the freezer section but
they're awesome and so why would I make
real rolls that takes a lot of time do
you have to keep it in your mouth for a
long time like a minute well don't take
it out put a minute ago let's stop to
talk to your mom when shaping a mouth
guard
all right dinner the other thing we for
dinner is I think I was gonna make that
like a lime chicken stuffed with cheese
and stuff anyways I don't know if I have
all the ingredients I didn't bring the
recipe with me or look at the recipe
before I went to the store hopefully I
have enough things weird oh and of
course every summer's got to have some
corn on the cob I love corn on the cob I
love it even more when it's fresh from
the field but you know we take what we
collect I get it
but ya know
I'm doing something big right now in my
life
it's nail time' we're displaying it so
long I love it maybe I actually called a
Kayleigh she was like um I need to make
an appointment get my nails done and I
was like I can't do your nails just um
just really want Kayleigh today oh let's
face it mom doesn't do jail but I do
stay within the lines yeah that'll be a
pretty and it will stay on long enough
so that people will see them first and
ending our Sanjeevani worship so we'll
show you her side you're so awesome
thanks for a really small thing that I
can do you're awesome okay me and Daxton
are out shopping together oh so we're
gonna get some presents for any birthday
tomorrow
yeah excited how many times what we said
that I seriously want to know running
tally okay so she wants oh crap no she
doesn't want crap what were those things
called um she likes the shopkins but she
likes those little pet house things like
these things
kitty critters how cute I don't know
what is grab her a bunch of girly things
she's at that age it's gonna be easy to
please her because there's a lot of fun
thing she yeah you want to get down
when get done so you can pick some stuff
for Emmy or get some stuff for you yeah
for me that's what I thought
all right what did she specifically
asked for oh please tell me they have it
where is it ooh when she asked for
something specific I don't see it we
might have to go to a different store
okay I'm gonna keep looking okay we have
some bad news we could not find the
thing that she wanted specifically so
we're gonna have to go to a different
store I didn't want to do this but it's
gonna have to be done because it's her
birthday and so I want to get her
exactly what she wanted but I did find
these she has wanted some of these
because she's been collecting them
and she took them to Yosemite and lost
them all as she was collecting them like
she was buying them with her own money
so I'm kind kind of like replacing the
collection that she lost so that she can
continue to add to it anyway all right
let's go find the real one that she
wanted and I can't even tell you what it
is because I don't remember exactly the
name of it
I will not when I see it okay we're
still on the hunt to help me find it
here guys really money and stuff we
found it that's it that's exactly what
she wants it's from the project MC - I
don't even know it's on Netflix anyways
she wants it she's getting it we found
it okay we just got home you tell me do
you think she'll like this yes look at
what I got her oh my gosh she wanted
both of those things like me right well
why did you say I want those and whatnot
can I get these from you today maybe
kill her okay and then there's something
else okay okay look at what's in there
okay what sutler what you went to
Walmart yeah I told you so I had to they
didn't have it the others are no I don't
care sorry I had a horrific experience
at Walmart the other day and I told the
kids I will not go to Walmart and don't
let me and if I do you have my
permission to say I told you so
so she had to tell me I told you so hey
come on go inside he's such a crazy he's
like a boy summer his hairdo his
attitude his scowl I love it
hello welcome to the chaos of the
Shaytards household do you get sick of
this I guess if you're watching right
now you're not sick of this there's
nothing new same thing
she's making delicious dinner I'm trying
to say funny stuff then pointing the
camera at quirky kids that hopefully
will be funny and say funny stuff like
what do you want from us Bronks I love
you how much longer will you make these
videos for our look at all you pill in
the corn bro oh cool
that smells good and it smells really
good so I smell bad
thank you smells good he hasn't
registered that for your mom shuck the
corn huh any corn Huskers out there let
me know I'm in the comments what's up
for what Oh birthday girl dude birthday
girl 9 years old can you believe it nine
years old dude baby tarts nine years old
you guys where are you we're the cool
T's okay I'm done I'm done I'm passing
it off here you go you're boring wait
let me get it hey guys hi we're husking
corn and we're cooking chicken we're
birthday balloon somewhere and along
papi papi papi do they live in charge
today lumen challenge what is this oh
the string came off Emmie come here
having birthday idea blue suck all the
helium out of it yet dad you do it hey
that's my shirt let's call hey you doing
hello anybody there yeah
can I talk to you what are you doing
right now you're just looking at your
cameras yeah okay well thank you baby
yeah hey leave me
what can I have that back please no it's
mine thank you punk
all right we have the birthday girl
what's going on with these let's see a
birthday girl get it tea work don't go
papi
this is pandemonium all right well we're
trying to get the balloon down it's
Emma's birthday tomorrow we're making
chicken another crazy night get it up
missed opportunity oh and these rolls
that Colette just made you guys fresh
buttered Wow
you want one of these have a bite go
ahead get it jump right on the tiptoes
Daxton dope jeez man a shot of your
ankles he just jumped off of that
alright Avia found a way what is that a
is that a bad clip leave that on there
but wait happy birthday don't roll your
ankle
buddy a tow no to me i won they did it I
think they had it like you guys were in
trouble remember you did you stole this
roll
I got to do this hmm yo check it out
she's done it once again superwoman
Wonder Woman my lady making us a
delicious healthy meal that's chicken
and cheese Caesar salad corn for
watching the 1500 meter that's the one
mile these dudes going to be doing a
mile in under 4 minutes for Quattro
that's insane Olympian qualifiers the
Olympics is about over who remembers
running the mile in school it's so loud
in here I gotta talk about running the
mile or when I ran cross-country in the
gym I never felt more nervous before and
was cross-country
yeah under 4 minutes almost almost under
three and a half minutes how fast can
you run a mile they just ran it in 3
minutes and 40 seconds the fastest I've
ever done it 36 minutes I don't know
we'll have a contest what's up let's see
that dinner oh yeah
all right they come up this your mom
make you love delicious okay relax
