see 103 here we are in studios of my
first program director Brad dude I'm
excited to see this they're about to go
live on air we're shooting some b-roll
Corrado's got in the c300 all set up and
making me nervous
Am I don't mess up you ready I'm gonna
mess up now you are how many other years
you've done radio for um how old my 27
you're not 27 you can pass for 27 though
no where did this radio station in
January will be 20 years that is insane
does he look like he could be in radio
for 20 years you look like you just
graduated from high school thank you
look at the crow's feet they go they
switch z103 Idaho's number one hit music
channel is Brad and Tara got some nice
weather for you today for Earth Day rain
snow high of 46 tomorrow partly cloudy
early 8 in Pocatello 32 if you're just
driving through how do you like our
earth your honor man that the ground is
too frozen for me to plant that tree I
planned on earlier not gonna happen I
can hang up the new music it's Krewella
alive as he 103 there you find a
ridiculous stick oh now you're gonna get
rid of it he only likes six for about
three seconds no don't put him down
there you'll never see them again
oh my god it's trying to get anywhere
with him is impossible he stops to look
at every little tiny little crack in the
road every leaf every twig everything
let's go come on dad let's go hey I know
there's so many distractions on the
floor right now it's like so interesting
that I can't even contain myself but we
have responsibilities so let's go get
your brothers and sisters quickly you
found us
brothers great heaven huh
not yet okay you guys I'm about to do a
break with my good buddy
Ju Lu if you are a true Shaytards viewer
and if you've been here for years
you will remember Adam he was the one
that will with me to my very first
youtube gathered he's the one we talk
about this in the documentary he's the
one that filmed me meeting the philip
defranco for the very first time and
this is where it all started right here
the z103 studios
can you hear yeah I can hear it sounds
good we're gonna do a break we're gonna
say what am I gonna say we're gonna show
Mobile was a fun part about it you know
you have to promote something know are
you doing ratings or whatever right now
we aren't better make it good they're in
ratings did I have move it on the radio
for four years we're gonna go live right
now
it's so exciting do any radio interviews
there's not your life news Ryan Seacrest
no not yet not live there's something
different about live well we just we
just recorded with Mike Eliza it's gonna
go on tomorrow morning but there's
something different when it's live
though when you know that you could you
could lose your job with one word
seriously yeah that is the truth you say
one thing wrong did you say the f-word
just blurted out there's thousands of
people out in Idaho driving in their
cars right now they hear that will call
in you will get fired immediately okay
can we go right now I really don't know
what we're gonna talk about just I'm
just gonna talk about it you're here I
love it okay oh here's the boss I'm glad
you're doing that what's that I'm glad
you're doing that
who's number one to hit music channel
this is Adam James and shake our studio
give you missed me ditches southeastern
Idaho he did night four years ago four
years ago four years ago Monday through
Friday 6:00 to midnight I was your radio
DJ right here on z103
mm-hmm and now he's back YouTube is done
horribly for me and I'm back in the z103
studios yeah no that's not true I'm here
making a movie I'm making a documentary
movie talking about how I got a job on
YouTube and we came back here to the
z103 studios to interview Adam this is
where it all started for me right here
because she friends we're forced into a
friendship right cuz I call denim get
you in the morning show when you were
with us Jeremy and Zoe and then I
started working for you I started doing
mobile DJ and stuff for you and then
helped him with his concert business and
became the best of friends a lot away I
lost 100 pounds yeah 15 a little bit I
have calls from when should I play one
dude
I want those you gotta give me those
this is a phone call from four years ago
go to dinner is good guess it's not it
close the shades trivia three what do
you think it is eat up eat out it's not
it I like to do it on a busy man what's
your guess
yes but there's a specific thing at the
bank that I'm looking for I miss you you
sound like you've been to the bar
already what's next I wanna say bye boy
right now you're listening to hos number
one hit music channel z103 travel it'll
be like the 103 dude that was fun dude
that was so much fun
I'm its it dude thanks Adam Eva love you
whoa they called the police why didn't
she just give it back she thinks oh
she's fiberbed and she went with a cop
story you were here when it happened
today yeah this sounds like a wild story
I believe all of it so I'm not so sure
that would happen
moms don't just hand their kids over to
the cops unless they're older and they
know better right never saw no he won't
still track
hey babe I'm here your mom and dad's
house honey look I'm with your mom she
said you can stay out late tonight and
that we can sail it past curfew and make
out in the car in the front and you're
not gonna get grounded right the porch
light will start their show flicker it
on and off and that's your cue to make
out with me more then your dad's gonna
get a shotgun out and come out there no
I expect you to make out with her there
you go you made her commitments you
better get a good deal that's right babe
do you hear that I need three make-out
sessions day I waited two and a half oh
that's a good deal yeah I put out five
kids later how many grandkids is this
gonna be for you now number 32 including
once we've inherited yeah and we've
inherited some 32 grandkids when's the
first great grandkid gonna pop you're
not looking forward to being a
great-grandma
well son tart will be having babies here
any time teach him a little self-control
keep it in the pants whoa okay we just
got done filming for the documentary
they sat down with the crew Cory how
they do incredible good and I expected
nothing less I know so much about you
way more than I know about like all
right now I'm gonna take him to wingers
and I'm excited I've been really talking
it up a lot or is it big fan of wings
and I'm gonna get a bacon ranch
cheeseburger I'm gonna dip it in the
creamy buffalo sauce oh I wish you guys
could have it it's so good hey are you
ready to be a girl no well I'll tell you
if you make a really good girl which I
very well you can have some of the chili
I just made oh we've got the whole crew
here oh my goodness can i film you
Casey's or is this is just like the
reveal we don't want to reveal anything
and tell Carly
I'm just gonna present pants can I just
build your pants for Carly's video
Carly's channel Kaylie looks over here
my favorite color ever I know I haven't
seen you in ten years just let me get
some chili and then oh shut up so this
is for Carly
okay we have a very exciting event that
I just realized as I was uploading
yesterday's vlog I was putting all the
links in the description for the end
slate you know how we do the one year
ago two years ago three years ago who
remembers I should just start the story
like this who remembers who's been
watching the Shaytards long enough that
you remember me crying in the radio
tower antenna in the backyard of the
z103 studios who remembers that Cory was
there for that so anyways long story
short I was making the ants late and I
said Cory get in here he's like wow Cory
runs and I was like wait I'm not in this
video he said yeah I don't care why I
don't care about that video anyways I'm
like dude four years ago today I climbed
that radio tower
just so ironic it's an iconic idea in
the Shaytards collection of videos it's
destiny it's ironic
it's serendipitous if all those things
were plays wait no I haven't been in
Idaho and since Christmas and just by
chance I'm back here today on the
four-year anniversary of the day that I
climbed this radio antenna and we just
went and did all these interviews at sea
103 with my old program director and all
my old C 103 deejay buddies and there's
like all this reminiscing for me going
on today memory where I came from and
how this whole YouTube experience
started and how I got in the
entertainment industry and all these
stories are being told today because the
more your anniversary and I'm gonna get
pulled over by a cop we're like we gotta
go drive to that tower right now and
film me climbing up that tower so guess
what we're doing we're driving to the
tower
what sunset at sunset exact same time -
here we are who remembers this building
right there man I used to park my little
blue truck right here all the time when
I came here to do the v-j all right mr.
tower remember me four years ago buddy
this is perfect man this is the tower
four years ago today all right here we
go
so we just watched the vlog on the way
here cuz I thought I want to like have
reference for what I was saying four
years ago the topic of conversation for
the vlog four years ago was that I used
to be an adrenaline junkie and I used to
ski nice to do all these things but I
couldn't do it as much now because I was
overweight well that was a hundred
pounds ago ladies and gentlemen I am a
slimmer man you know it was always meant
to be I'm not meant to be trapped and I
feel like that is like the one dream and
the one hope I've always kept in my mind
is just freedom freedom myself from go
and trapping myself being claustrophobic
you know not being able to do things
freedom for people telling me
what I can and can't do and I said in
that blog for years now you just feel
like you're trapped in a rut do little
things that get you out of that rut at
least have the hope the desire the
belief that you can do great things and
this is Tennessee Lakes I'm just
climbing a tower and I think are awesome
and here we are on the top of this tower
hey Tim Deegan hey oh yeah dude there's
quite the sunset up here check out the
moon go higher a little bit higher
well I just thought that would be cool
we were just sitting at home and we're
all about dinner and I just thought man
it would be cool if I climbed that again
four years to the day I decided to come
back climb the tower again now I'm
climbing down I said in that other video
four years ago I'm like a professional
blogger I'm the only one that can climb
towers time my hands freezing so I'm
going to turn you guys off okay it's
been another crazy day here at the
Shaytards we had a busy day school
gymnastics Crowley came over to shoot
with her big crew and everybody was here
was really nice and I'm missing Shay as
always the kids miss them and Zeke
misses them he will be home soon happy
families happy smiles on your faces I
hope you guys are having a great day I
love you I really do
we'll see you tomorrow
