hi I'm login here okay you guys today is
the day daddy gets home I'm super
excited oh my just got any help from
them okay that's brainy I know you can't
contain your excitement we're just gonna
get the house clean but our main
priority right now is this little booger
Zeke hasn't taken a bath for a couple of
weeks and usually Shay gets allergic
when Zeke is a little bit dirty so we're
gonna bath them before she gets home so
she doesn't have to worry about that
this will be the first time that I've
ever bathed him Shay usually Bay's him
I've recruited all the troops
we got princess heart is on doggy treat
you'd like to make him a very
comfortable in the bathtub baby tart is
on camera duty and sand hard he's gonna
help me keep the dog in the bathtub and
hardship I like wearing clothes inside
out today more fake clothes I said oh
okay this was really hard with Malachi
cos Malachi hated water he was super
terrified and it was like fighting tooth
and nail to get him in the bathtub and
give him about I mean even this pass is
very pleasant for Zeke so that he's not
afraid of the water and he's very
comfortable as our fingers here we go
guys I have the camera on
I'm not gonna be
very very calm
that's funny
mm-hmm he's super lumpy because skin is
floppy so it's hard to scrub it because
it just flops everywhere it's like these
two floppy yes not why yeah yeah
yeah you did a good boy good huh so he
just give Zeke a bath yeah and I tried
to clean his ears out but he's never
anybody look side enough oh you're so
strong
Oh - it hurt about two and okay this
poor alligator said he killed it oh so
he's very happy - great job I'm super
proud of that he did way better than now
it used to water huh hey Zeke shake
shake shake
good boy guard you got it you got it you
did a good boy he's such a good boy we
just taught him how to shake and once I
came over it was awesome
okay we finally got the house clean just
in the nick of time and she texted me
and let me know that he landed and so
we're gonna make a ball gown I was
excited to see down here yes
I'm so sad because she's lived I know it
leaves again but he's going to Idaho
this time only for a few days that one
he'll be right back Rock charts super
excited can you tell after that is he
done I don't know actually
baby tard to death and I I got in the
water that is so nice yes a little piece
of watermelon sauce spoon in it so sweet
I bet he will love it hey guys I know I
haven't filmed one video in a long time
but today we got a new computer well we
did get a new one the keyboard - it
broke because rock hard of course kept
slamming on the keys so we got a new one
my dad let me keep the old one here's
what we did with the old one we check
out a purse we colored it with the Stars
about the ends of it be like um pretend
it was like let's go let's go since
that's work to the things we like draw a
purple on DZ these keys and we draw a
pink comma spacebar and they're still
kind of broken well it wouldn't be press
it still presses it's not a touch to the
other computer because still like press
on it so it's like easy to press it
helps me to learn of my typing and where
the things are and I just pretend I'm
working with it I have really really fun
and we just like hold it like this we
hold up three fingers on the front and
then your pinkies with isn't your thumb
going to sweat light it's like like this
and then we press our fingers like pick
one finger at a time and then click
enter
well I pick sleepers a couple times and
I flip my numbers sometimes I do like up
hanumanthu and thanks for watching this
and make sure you subscribe my daddy oh
by the way he gives us New York t-shirt
he just came back today from New York
from making thumb move either that's a
key thanks for watching this make sure
you comment it subscribe it and love it
and keep watching more shakers videos
and check out my first one that I made
of the furchester Webster's all right
daddy's home daddy's home
uh-huh and daddy has to go to the
airport daddy's baby daddy's leaving are
you guys sad I can tell by your low back
it's a lot well remember what I said
yesterday
I was telling the kids yesterday that
because we're making this movie that dad
has to leave a lot because if you guys
don't know well I just tell you right
now let's give a little update so I got
home from New York yesterday we're
headed to church I'm gonna go to an hour
of church and then they have to take me
to the airport so I have to meet the
documentary crew in Idaho Idaho they're
going to Idaho and I told the kids I
said you guys I know it sucks dad has to
leave so much but when we look back on
this time after the movie is made
because I really believe deep down I
think this movie is gonna change things
for us not only for us but the entire
industry that we work in Korie and the
team of apprentice a they're working
their butts off and this thing is gonna
be good we've gotten so many interviews
and such profound intelligent things
have been said not only about our
industry but the new way that media is
changing the way the entertainment works
in books you know talking to John Green
it was so interesting to see how
different selling books is because he's
a youtuber with Charles Trippy and
selling their single just keep breathing
they sold a hundred thousand copies of
that they got unlike the top 100 some
charts I guess it's been like years
since any unsigned band has gotten on
this chart just changing things forever
I feel like this documentary is going to
do that and so I told the kids I said
you guys we just have to sacrifice a
little bit right now because in the
future after this movies made we'll be
grateful that we are part of it and
it'll change a lot of things for us
right rock hard you understand the
sacrifice
classic rock artists always goes to the
fart face so one of the reasons I'm
going to Idaho is because we're gonna go
interview my old program director from
z103 my very first boss in the
entertainment industry and last night
ever have like past dreams or dreams of
your old work when I was growing up when
I was a dishwasher I used to have dreams
all night long that I was washing dishes
and during the dream I would be so tired
and they would keep piling the dishes on
and I'd be like I can't do it then be
yelling out of me Shane wake up do these
dishes you got any of these dishes done
I'd be like scrub and I might be so
tired and I dream these dreams like all
night long how many had dreams like that
as a waitress goodness yes like every
night and even now I'll have flashback
dreams
I don't just wake up and I'll be there
but I'm not working there what will be
happening as a waitress you just have
like a bunch of tables 12 tables that
are just yours and your managers yelling
at you and nobody's food is out on time
and everybody needs two drinks and you
haven't gotten anybody their drinks and
where's my appetizer waitress Heidi I do
it what about you guys you have any
dreams like that from old jobs you have
so last night I had running the board as
a DJ dreams because when you're a DJ if
there is any dead air even like a second
of dead air in between commercials or in
between when you're supposed to go on to
be like z103 Idaho's number one hit
music channel if you miss that it's
called missing the post get in trouble
because it's like you can't have any
dead air so all night last night I
dreamed like the board wasn't working I
turned down all the music on accident my
program director was calling me it's
like do or dead air right now all night
long I had these flashback dreams of
when I was a DJ it's weird how your mind
does that to you because I know that I'm
going to interview my old program
director at Z 103 so it's like all these
old memories are coming up he's just
been there my dreams I think what what
that actually ever happened to you yeah
I mean there's a few times where like I
would be like on the computer sending an
email or something and not realizing
it's all programmed to run with
commercials and songs and everything but
sometimes you turn it off to like add
stuff in and if you forget to turn it
back on after the last thing and the
program is done playing it'll just go
silent they'll have dead air anyways
sure about that yeah some sort of crazy
Sunday Bennis bike parade Venice Venice
Venice Venice bike some sort of crazy
Venice bike parade LAX yeah alright
alright we're gonna come out of this
tunnel there should be a giant Wolverine
look at this entire building
honey that's Sean Sean Sean yeah
littlez ops how do you feel if you're a
huge Ackman and you're on your way to
the airport and there's an entire
building with your naked body on it I
feel pretty good ah gross dude you see
his abs bro abs were popping rocked hard
you have any farts to mention I thought
I love you guys we're gonna miss you and
he just got home and now he has to go to
the airport again they're not gonna let
you go I have a feeling just eating on
me and they won't even notice I'll just
think you guys are part of my outfit
fitting so see you later girl good luck
Jake have a new sweater on provider hope
we'll see in a few days
cute sweater see you later
oh I make it up he's leaving again
shortly very short trip I'll be back on
Wednesday night get my luggage out woman
get my luggage out pregnant woman such a
good woman crazy busy we just got back
to church now I have to find Idaho to
meet the documentary crew should take my
glasses yes yeah it's sunny in Idaho
look at me and I know daddy very long
hey buddy did you say goodbye to
rock-and-roll iou's we just leave Carol
did he fall asleep I didn't even fall
asleep okay look like a Mormon
missionary well your head bad oh hi baby
okay bye love you
shovel therefore finish up in a second I
get a suitcase enough you have to sit on
it make sure everything gets in there
ones attached honesty see you're part of
the package
okay ready here we go all right bye love
you
kiss you're gonna fall back bye guys
shove them all in go hurry go I know I
love you I'm back in a few days it feels
weird being in a white shirt and tie and
backpack in an airport last time I was
wearing this outfit in an airport was
when I was a Mormon missionary twelve
years ago but I look like a missionary
Laurie so sad
all right last touch a plan for luck
here we go I'm excited to my parents and
my brother and sister actually Carly's
heading to LA today so I'm just gonna
miss her so right as I fly into Idaho
she's flying to Lhasa it is a vicious
Harley we've made this flight before who
remembers this little
who's that it's Cory by Dell who's that
it's indigent
who's that it's dead out who's that it's
grumpy Gus scrub because was you
murdered YouTube mr. Kady oh so I'm here
made it to Pocatello at my house and I
miss my family
Oh maybe we should get another painting
with Zeke face love you Malachi good
night everybody
see you tomorrow speaking of
missionaries remember a couple of days
ago when I challenged you guys to be
shade tarred missionaries and share the
Shaytards logs with your friends and
families and co-workers and plumbers and
choir teachers and shoemakers
do you have a few Baker's I don't know
anyways I got a bunch of tweets of you
guys who actually shared our videos with
friends and people that you knew martha
tweeted me the other day and showed me a
picture of her mom watching her very
first Shaytards vlog and she tweeted to
me and i thought that was so cool so
then I asked Martha I was like Martha
can I use this picture tomorrow's vlog
and then she was like sure Shay would be
honored so here's a picture of Martha's
mom watching the Shaytards vlogs for the
very first time I guess she's excited
about the baby so I'm gonna start doing
that once a day if you have somebody you
show either it's your brother your
next-door neighbor your psychology
teacher the guy who shot your dog you
should try to make friends with that guy
if you get them to watch the Shaytards
video and take a picture of it and their
very first Shaytards vlog ever watching
and tweet it to me I will put one a day
in the vlogs for a while I don't know I
thought it'd be fun we'll do a front
route for I don't know for a few weeks
so check out yesterday's vlog check out
the mystery video and what were the
Shaytards doing one year ago
do y'all girls like oh hi and flowers
like oh I'm excited because we're in
Idaho and we're gonna go to wingers
tonight I'm gonna take the whole
documentary crew and we're gonna go eat
a lot of wings I'm have to run on the
treadmill tonight I love you guys having
fun making this movie we'll see you
tomorrow
