today we deplored an airplane thank you
you guys check there you put your login
link login first taking a picture come
here to be Miley's head it to LA what
are you gonna do in Los Angeles
oh is that the one you bought that he
brought from Logan Logan rude love it
all right what are you doing in LA um
we're gonna do the love nest for another
skit I'm gonna hang out the kids and
love on your wife so help her out cuz
I'm here I'm an absentee father okay I
love you so Carly's going what oh yeah
why'd you get a dog keep this one rest
in peace Capri no Caprice not dead you
guys remember Carly had a dog okay let's
go out and see who's out here now can't
go past this line Jerry I know it's not
weird that you're getting off and Carlo
what a coinkidink I was the plane coming
in yeah like airplane was going like
this you know when you're about to land
and you're like we're not straight we
need like you don't want him to set it
down so you can tell he's not straight
yet that's how the plane was this is one
take Sunday say something funny dance do
a dance mom dance that was convenient
but Carly all the documentary crew is
staying in our house and mom's been
watching them like their little kids
where's my inlet where's the suitcases I
gotta go pee first
over here we took my backpack it's that
big electric one I love you
okay scene aside so Corley's headed to
LA I'm here in Idaho to shoot
documentary stuff Colette has the kids
again I got home free 22 I um flock
there I was literally home for 24 hours
probably got on a flight a flight a
plane a flight I'm so discombobulated
but I did get some good sleep last night
and that's it that's it
I'm here in Idaho see I'm gonna hang out
with my mom and my dad for a few days I
go back to LA on Wednesday but we're
gonna go interview my program director
from z103 on Monday and then Colette's
parents and then the documentary crew
has been here interviewing my parents
and they interviewed Carly and Logan and
this movies being made man we are making
a movie it's getting sane it's crazy I'm
excited all right I'm not sure if you
guys want to come with me in here
because what I'm about to do in here
it's not gonna be pretty
huh look you're the boys bathroom I
don't care whatever
so anyways take Sunday I love you guys
see you tomorrow but what the crap all
right guys show this look at this little
thing we got a little pouch a little
pouch can I hold you by your pouch I'm
gonna get in trouble like I did the
chicken hey how long how long she had
this little guy look at those eyes Wow
is it a he or she
you go five feet okay now the video is
over look at that face how could you not
done up this video okay your doctor's
video
