this is rock hard he's got to show me
all the cool tricks he can do in the
scroll before we leave all the cool
tricks let's see the cool tricks careful
don't let go here so cool one of the
kids asked him is it jamming and I said
if the Shaytards resident it's pajama
day everyday because I never get out of
my pajamas that's a lie it just takes me
a while sometimes you're so cool ok
let's go before they lock the doors and
we have to walk all the way around say
see you later
do you wanna say hi to dad no I'm not
favoring your coming you want to say hi
to dad ok you guys what's going on i
screening for my tribeca thing I'm
sitting here talking with John nah look
who just walked up hi guys my video
Matthew who has the coolest shirt in New
York check that style out this guy has
mad fashion skills and he just came up
and said hi to me what's up buddy
now we're get our picture if there's dad
hanging out right there dude thanks for
watching my videos and buy my shirt
thanks for letting them buy my shirt if
I have to give you a receipt or
something shut down you pay your dad
back no no all right do you have a
youtube channel no you should start
making videos dude how old are you 11
night so you start making videos alright
give Matthew shout out thanks buddy
ooh
I'm leaving today
that way Peter get alright we got the
whole crew here John na hi Michael
Gallagher I said your name your last
name weird Jana pronounced er is a
winter Nitish Anna Wintour nips wintered
like a season mid-ice easy
it means available inter snow the bale
of one did you know that like this
winter Chi explains an exact story that
every person talks on the phone it's
behind you guys singing oh no way you
mind it follow Michael and vine so here
we are with the hole maker studios crew
suspenders we're in the subway right now
of New York City and it's exciting when
I'm down here I feel like a Teenage
Mutant Ninja Turtles Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtles heroes gonna have show
till you got the outfit the part of the
shorty yeah
Peter when we get on the subway we have
to sing we're always going to take your
hat off and have to try to get some
money on this hover here we go so
quietly no one's gonna give us okay
bring these are jealous about your
brother over there let's try that again
okay brings it's hard to tell us about
your field trip I see hopefully my trip
beach and shows my teachers birthday and
we were having fun the whole time I know
was her birthday
oh we should have got her a little
present well I'll give tomorrow okay
yeah okay first we got our stuff loss
except our swimsuits we went to go play
the same for a few minutes and then we
did sharks and minnows socks and Munoz
serious what are you doing what are you
hiding ice I I told you there's a lot of
distractions you have a big family
huh boy or girl de Cambra to hold some
attention to I want to go cataloging can
I go cataloging is it my turn to go
cataloging okay you went cataloging and
then you played sharks and minnows come
on we're not getting yet it's just the
way it is but you got a big family okay
what happened after sharks and minnows
oh yeah we got you lined up with mines
we were like trying to be a lifeguard
there was a leader of each line which
was a lifeguard and he put like a
surfboard of us and we're into the water
I touched another mic guard we went
around him and then we go back to our
graph and then we give the same to the
next person like lifeguard relays yeah
and then we did rotations we Cadillac
was surfing and I fell off a couple of
times that's okay and then I went
kayaking and I was leader of the whole
boat I was on it with my coach and me
and then we went on a boat we went up
these stairs and then went on this whole
like a whole thing we got on the boat
and there was like this inside and then
there was like a whole out of it so you
can see all the ocean and we saw three
sea lions when we did know they were
getting some breast gala to watch our
defense of fish getting his breath and
there were sharks there but they were in
there really really deep and so we
couldn't find them
oh did you eat lunch there yeah and
after we'd all those rotations through
wet in the water took a follow up since
in our life get jackets
take our lunch from me plays a little
bit in the sand and then I build a boat
not like a big boat like a toy boat
right build a toy boat and then we we
got all ready to go home first then we
did about then we went back here and on
the way back we found some pretty
flowers whoo all that sounds like an
amazing day I'm so glad you got to do
that at the end of school this girl had
this dog
Danah or as we color the bat this is the
subway Olympics all right take two all
right gentlemen this isn't a free show
everybody to $3.00 we take debit card
and credit card you got traveler's
checks
okay so we got pizza yay oh wait was a
little bit fun okay I'll be honest last
night we went to that pizza because it
was our school night at this piece of
place and they were donating money so
we're like oh yeah well no pizza tonight
but tonight we can't pizza two nights in
a row but in our church we like when
people have babies we usually sign up to
like bring meals for them so they don't
have to worry about doing anything and I
totally like I remember Tuesday I was
like oh I'm bringing meals tonight but
it wasn't Tuesday it was tonight and
then I just barely remembered it like an
hour ago and I was like oh I need to
bring him out to them and I didn't have
any time to make a home-cooked meal
which I usually love to do I feel so
guilty when I have to bring them pizza
cuz that's probably what they would do
anyways if nobody brought them a meal so
I'm like oh but that was the last-minute
thing so I just called them and they
didn't have plans so I am bringing them
pizza but it's a good piece it's from
pit fire pizza it's one of like
Shanghai's favorite places to go the
kids and I are all bums though because
we want to know but we're gonna have
leftover spaghetti it's gonna be awesome
right
I like princess tarts attitude also
because spaghetti is something we're not
gonna me action it is gonna be awesome
it's all about our
we can choose happiness even though we
want to eat this give me a smile give me
a smile oh okay that's basically the
same thing in your world did you think I
was gonna come out and yell at you not
you the dogs oh whoa he's doing that
thing that Malachi used to do where you
runs around the room and jump oh you
need a yard you need a yard no biting no
no okay
come on come on sometimes worn out he's
been making him play for the past while
he's tired huh
sometimes a good brother oh my goodness
he's getting so strong I can't wait till
he's full size and it takes like three
of us to play tug of war with them cuz
you'll win every time of course you will
yeah we need to start obedience classes
a step you want to go get it you wanna
go get it okay well I can't pull it on
your mouth oh you exciting a new
adventure called picture show you know
every one of you guys I want you to go
on youtube.com slash to show that a girl
to check out because not only are we
doing original content and we might be
contacting one of you but so this is a
and to kind of melt the world with
internet viewers with our Tribeca
viewers and thank you makers for
sponsoring this party after helping to
bring short films to the audience back
in my hotel room last night in New York
City look at this the moon is right
above the Empire State Building behind
this dark storm cloud that is rolling in
as the rain pours down and washes the
grime and dirt from the city gone home
tomorrow by New York Mya taxi cabs by
busy streets by smells of hot dogs and
nuts and deliciousness everywhere it's
been quite the journey but I must go
home alas and kiss a sweet lass who is
my wife and hug my children good night
farewell I'll see you again on tomorrow
the storm Brewin sounds good outside
right now I love how they're all so
excited to stay but watching movie and
then 15 minutes into the movie they're
all crashed the dog makes my heart melt
my babies let's go find rock well it's
been the end of a wonderful day went
over to Kelly's house for an essential
oils party oh did you hear that I got a
text message I think it's my baby
I miss chase so much he's coming home
tomorrow so I'm super excited to wake up
the house clean and just go pick him up
at the airport and judge us right off
I'm just gonna kiss it off it's gonna be
gone I love his face
okay let's go see what he says I have to
admit the past couple of days have been
a little bit difficult for me you know
with all the stuff that happened in
Boston the stuff that happened in Texas
I literally just shut myself off from
the news after that Texas thing because
I laid awake all night worrying and
worrying about
and about just the world and just you
know like overly stressing myself out
can I just decided you know what I just
need to shut myself off from all of that
and focus on my family and I did that
today and it was it was relaxing and it
felt I felt more peace even though you
know you can't shut that self out it's
just part of the world but sometimes I
do have to you know clear my brain a
little bit until I can breathe in relax
and then go back to you know the things
that are going on around me I love you
guys have a great day it's safe let's go
see what he said he said beanbag besties
I sent him a picture of Princess to her
to Zeke
