one main thing I like about New York is
walking everywhere you walk a ton
because there's so much traffic and it's
so congested everywhere that I've gone
on this trip has been at least a mile
from my house or my apartment where am I
saying hotel and it's just the nice like
wake up and like have a nice brisk walk
especially since it's so beautiful right
now in New York like all the flowers are
blooming and it's really great weather
just seeing all this architecture it's
really cool man I can see why you would
love living here anyways guys this is
crazy
what is my life I am on my way right now
to go have brunch with Robert De Niro
that's weird
and Jane Rosenthal who is the founder of
the Tribeca Film Festival with Robert De
Niro it's exciting and blessed life what
I'm doing right now and I miss the kids
I was just hey tali and Colette and the
kids are at school oh let me play it for
you listen to these messages real quick
okay listen to this okay so that's
pretty starred now listen to this one
and I'm a good child bye
that's baby tard they always have this
competition it was like behaving the
best every time I hear from him like I'm
being the bestest kid there is I told
him I'd bring him shirts and New York
shirts and hats home so I have to get
him a bunch of souvenirs before I head
back okay it brings it's hard to tell us
why today is a super special day for you
they get to go to the beach for their
field trip in the field trip flip it
said have them wear their swimming suits
and we will provide wetsuit you guys so
tell us that's exciting
how it goes
probably not they might get wet but
that's a great idea maybe I'll try to
sneak over and see if I can get good
footage um yes paparazzi
I think that's tail young I don't know
I'm not sure yeah they're taking
pictures you must be important so I just
got done having dinner with what we go
over Robert De Niro who else is there it
was insane I just wanted to show you
guys all the paparazzi that are hanging
outside of the place we had lunch her
there they're all just sitting here
waiting waiting for the celebrities to
come out I sat right next to the guy who
does the Allstate commercials you guys
know the guy I'm talking about he does
all those really hilarious Allstate
commercials got to sit and talk to him
really cool dude here we go to the tire
swing over a little bit funk this is the
same Beach that Prince char was supposed
to come on her field trip and we got
here too late tax we see her doing
anything they were already headed back
to the school so darn it
they tried kayaking and paddleboarding
and I think a little bit of surfing but
obviously there's no waves at this part
it's just the little way she's in there
wit please I'm the super bummed that we
didn't get us here but that's okay cuz
now we're still going to play until we
need to go pick them up from school
Roger art is dragging me all over this
place what do you think oh that's a big
one be careful red tides one of those
children ladies very brave on the
playground and sometimes that's a good
thing and sometimes it's not such a good
thing I scared mommy I'm about to cry oh
my listen to this there's another hate
cell from rocked art I poo poo potty dad
oh my job over time
so right yes I love him quite just hey
tell me apparently rock tard
ran into the bathroom maybe she filmed
some of this I don't know Zeke was in
the bathroom because he likes to drink
out of the toilet stupid dog
rocked her and ran into the bathroom and
said Zeke out shut the door he closed
like listening shooing in any poo pooed
in the potty jeez is this good news you
guys like to hear about my son's
excrement he's being potty trained and
he just sent me that message I love him
I miss him
I'm excited to go home I miss my family
I've been traveling too much I know man
it's like a necessary evil though it
just happens like that when it rains it
pours I have all these big projects
they're happening right now the
documentary I'm working on a movie and
then I'm here at the Tribeca Film
Festival we're debuting the remember
while ago I'm not sure when it's gonna
go live but go subscribe to youtube.com
slash picture show it's a collaboration
with maker studios and the Tribeca Film
Festival and we're gonna be uploading a
ton of content and I made a thing where
I was a chicken guys remember from some
twit pics months ago I made this thing
with Sam macaroni it's pretty good it
was like a huge production I'm kind of
like a Tom Cruise character like a
Mission Impossible kind of thing you'll
have to see it but we're debuting that
tomorrow night at this big party here in
New York for Tribeca it's like all this
stuff is happening at once it sucks
being away from my family for this long
so I fly home on Saturday and then I
have to fly to Idaho on Sunday for four
days meet the documentary crew to film
my mom and dad and my sister for the
documentary I just spit licorice sorry
son tired I'm a failure at the sugar
thing I'm a failure I'm a bad person I'm
stressed out sugar look here's my drugs
I admit it oh I don't know who those are
I don't sure I'm not saying that those
are so I'm also going to interview a my
program director my old program director
from z103 who was my first boss in the
entertainment industry so he is gonna
also be in the documentary it's just
crazy man this life that I live and I
love it I pray every night and I thank
the Lord above for what I have and I'm
just grateful and I don't ever want to
forget how grateful I am for all
okay so we just dropped off the package
and now we're supposed to be we're kind
of are you guys okay does okay really
two of these things in this picture
don't belong where they are already
that's what it is you guys are giving me
a heart attack
how did you even get up there okay don't
still hold on I'm such a mom get over it
collect get over it these are shades
show well one of them's chase children
their Butler kids they're gonna be crazy
okay can you get down now
okay thank you for just here playing in
the backyard and sun card is playing
with the sword I teach you you know what
I think that is baby tards old trike I
think it is whoa cool you're such a big
boy on that trike
it's totally manly dude don't worry
about the colors are totes cool a little
zombies in the evening zombies in the
mornings I'm using your underwear they
never give a warning never David Linga
okay whoops guys one sec I'm gonna tell
you the rap I'm from book I don't read
that much sugar zombies in the evening
zombies in the mornings I'm using your
underwear they always stay good but
sorry guys I'm gonna do it yet guys I'm
gonna tell you a little rap alert from
book type I don't need that much called
Prince of underwear but not like
underwear like underwear zombies in the
evening zombies in the mornings amazing
zombies in your underwear they always
take don't you tell the linkage zombies
in the earrings amis in the mornings I'm
using your underwear they never give a
warning good but they're you kitchen
don't you dead alinka hiding in your
brother's whoops I found a finger name
is BVD I don't come from a good family
and the Frankel of my wrinkle as an
elephant shrink of west coast East Coast
hiya cuz I'm gonna rush cuz I come from
down under under wet underneath part of
me but dangle while shake my derriere
Wow okay guys
princess women baby tarts gonna tell you
rap that she made up a chart it's gonna
tell you a rap she made up and I'm gonna
do the beatbox walk say she's gonna do
it herself
um well I'm waiting for a rap it baby
tarts going to--you're up for the third
time and I guess she's not ready so
we'll wait for her babes are to come out
the third time so you better tell it
they say do it just do it do it or I'm
gonna do it for you wasn't that awesome
guys that's why the best rapped I've
ever heard yeah she's a they was awesome
let's give her a big one
now I'm gonna think of some more reps
later pizza yeah they call me son
there's no need to be afraid
