shei come home you gotta kick this ass
out of this house all right I got my
workout in today is a busy day I'm going
to do red carpet interviews on the red
carpet pack the red carpet plays Berger
the carpets red because that's not blue
it's red you didn't know I'm here for
the Tribeca Film Festival castles coming
in he's actually a judge for the films
that are being debut here at the film
festival and I get the opportunity to
interview people on the red carpet at
the screening for some documentary I'm
excited to see today and some lady just
walked about the door in Las Damas I'll
make myself anyways I'm gonna get a
quick workout in come on me and you
elliptical let's do this thing
we are that Tribeca Film Festival and
here's the red carpets red I told you I
didn't lie it's red I'm wearing the same
coat that I wore in the air that's out
too much do I need to get a new coat a
new red carpet coat I need a new red
carpet coat guys they are literally
rolling the red carpet out for me right
before my eyes
thank you yes I can't step on anything
but red carpet just bring it right here
to my feet place yeah this is my sturdy
it's roll it out to me excuse me they're
rolling out my red carpet oh geez thank
you sir oh that is more like it logged
all the boat oh okay so here it is a
bunch of stars celebrities filmmakers
and actors and all that kind of sort are
gonna be right in here in just a few
minutes so I am standing right here
behind you can see this Chris yeah maker
studios incorporated so I'm gonna be
standing behind this fence with a camera
and a microphone this is like the
opening red carpet for Tribeca but the
movie that every is coming to see is
called oh crap it's a call dang it I
need to know that that's a piece of
information that needs to be on the top
of my tongue tip of my tongue top of my
brain tip of my tongue
talk to my brain took my tongue say that
ten times fast have my brain took my
tongue it's called mistaken for
strangers it's a documentary about the
band
national you ever heard about the band
it's an indie rock band called the
National and apparently knock down the
side oh I'm right next to these kids to
Tribeca kids access I want to be Elphaba
in those brats as a way to get the
interviews okay so we're having drama at
gymnastics because rock hard decided to
drop this Elmo doll down by the beach
florida don't you know you're not
supposed to do that I'm gonna hook the
camera down see if you guys can see
where it is okay because I can't see it
from where I am now
did you save the day the day what do you
say about time what do you think Lucky
Dragon I Love New York shirt because dad
for New York
hey rock hard come here what do you say
it sounds hard
what do you say to him say thank you
thank you you are such a good dancer you
look just like the gymnasts down there
all right we're gonna say thank you
later I guess
then we have the Boston tragedy those
people showed incredible humanity and
bravery and so tonight we're going to
dedicate this festival the people of
Boston tonight we're all Bostonians
because we all breathe the same air
around the kidneys they are
welcome to the 2013 tribeca film
festival
thank you to Richard Belzer thank you
for being here tonight privileged here
and then somehow I stumbled upon a local
venue our Courtney Love legendary rock
star Kurt Cobain's ex-wife was playing a
little ditty this one is from an album
the sold two copies it's a masterwork no
accordian wrote it off of it it's really
complicated I mean that's why I did
learn wait you didn't learn it hits it
here played all parts are you kidding
mmm
you didn't learn PCH Jill Thank You
Tommy
what - you were my
easy
if I found you
flowers in there
what do you in mouth
smile ladies clothes I can never
understand
okay hey everybody yeah at least um okay
listen
yes g.com gasps okay here we just
watched this guy perform live at a local
place called entwine here in New York
this guy is amazing Johnny would be
honest if you like the music tell me
website Joseph Arthur calm check it out
you know snot regret it Joseph Arthur
calm even in the frame I missed the zoo
on YouTube got a new album was my
favorite songs you play called The
Ballad of boogie Christ this guy is
amazing really talented good-looking
good song good times
Circus Circus song anyway Oh white
converse and this is his ride - how he
gets around town around this guy does
not spend a lot of money on my sterling
it's 300 oh yeah who's a little surly
and stick around jump on tonight
seriously check him out
let's have a pull-up contest Casa mean
you you can't do 100 bullets can you do
not many
okay Lisa let's see go over here with
this guy let's see it how many do five
Chewbacca
okay Shay had the job you just had to
reach but he makes better music than you
way better than I can are way too much
that's cool dude you got like a hundred
subscribers somatic centaur doesn't
getting stronger
yes I noticed that the other day - I was
playing with him and he was ripping it
out of my hand you're getting stronger
little man does he look big to you guys
I can't tell because we're with him all
the time but he's definitely grown yeah
bro not Bickel doggies well we're just
missing our daddy aren't we can say we
love you and we miss you we hope they're
having a great time Shay misses you guys
- hold on oath Shay Shay your family man
I'll go yell at him hold on Shane do you
have this video edited yet I'm getting
ready for my date with Robert De Niro
hurry and get it up he thinks he's so
calling
okay wait watch any trick okay we're
watching the trick okay if you mess up
don't turn off the camera okay works
okay try it again he's starting to do
tricks too
okay I'm the dirty spots have to stand
on the dirty spots and hide them okay
okay thanks hey will you tell us what
happened in gymnastics today what did
your teacher say she's almost ready to
go to exciting what I'm telling them
about what you told me what my trip
or you'll get licked on rock-hard would
you go save your brother from the
impending doom that is about to ensue
hello Drizzy what i've been doing this
for the back couple weeks when Shane is
just a spit out oh no do bite it sorry
or pay attention part of having up
brothers and sisters honey you gotta
fight for the attention beautiful lovely
okay one more and then we're sick of it
one more I don't have that much camera
space alright you're beautiful honey you
did a great job shake come home you
gotta kick this ass out of this house
you gotta kick this ass out of this
house you gotta kick this ass out of
this house nothing we got too much of it
oh wait that sounded like I said
I said kick the sass watch what you say
sitting easy
picking up
if I found you
flowers in
oh do you
smile ladies close I can never
understand
