these big eyeballs and that's his are
you saying his is it a ball and some boy
that's right it's a boy
it's it's into the boy hi I'm log in
here
good morning you guys so it's been a
very bittersweet morning I can't stop
thinking about the things that happen in
Boston on Monday and it's just you know
all the thoughts that go through your
mind like I'm super grateful we were in
there and we could have been there we
were so close to being there then just
that heart-wrenching thought that there
were so many people that were injured
and three people killed including my
eight-year-old boy it's been so
difficult to like go through all these
emotions and it's been interesting to
discuss it with my kids as well the
girls I haven't really talked about it
with but Sontaran and I kind of had a
conversation he said that he was in
assembly yesterday where the policeman
sort of talked about it a little bit
that there was some attacks in Boston so
he had some questions for me you can't
really explain it you can't explain it
you can't say any of the reasons why why
the people that did it did it you're
just not really any way to explain it
other than if people there are evil
people and there are people that do bad
things and now we unfortunately have to
deal with their decisions but anyways we
were talking about it I was trying to
lend some peace and comfort in the way
that we do and we believe in God and
believe that the people that died are
with our Heavenly Father now and that
they're at peace or they at least are
not in pain and it was interesting in
his mind he was trying to explain why it
happened you know he's still trying to
figure out why it's hard to explain to a
nine year old that there
isn't a good reason mine his reason why
was you know maybe that person didn't
win a marathon and so they were really
upset I thought well that's you know
that's an interesting thought can tell
his brain is working he's trying to
figure out why somebody would do that
breaks my heart to have to have these
conversations but it's part of our life
and part of being in this world the
reason why it's a bittersweet mourning
is that I'm headed to my first baby
appointment today I'm excited I'm a
little bit bummed with the shades not
here with me but I promised him that I
would get really extensive footage so I
will try to get at least footage of the
heartbeat if we can hear the heartbeat
today taking you guys with me wish me
luck
all right let's do some running I'm
gonna run to the park
what's that Park Central Park it's right
in the middle trying to Center now this
early on the rider the lip right in the
center Central Park that's where I'm
gonna go I think it's like four miles
there's a round trip that should be
about an eight mile journey you never
really run in New York before so this
should be well actually I have never
mind reverse that I did remember when I
was getting ready for my first marathon
I was running across that bridge it's
kind of hard to run here because it's
like every light I have to stop and wait
for the walk signal the change but
there's lots to look at lots of smells
and sights so I'm like in my own little
world just jamming out to my tunes
running along the street here we go
let's go the doctor's office about ready
to hang out on that chair all these
memories are coming back to me now I'm
like oh man I really want to do this
it's exciting it's a good thing right
the whole doctor's office thing is like
that so hopefully we won't get to hear a
heartbeat today crossing my fingers that
will be exciting I mix it all worth it
when you get to the heartbeat and when
you get to have ultrasounds to see the
baby
those are like what make it all like
okay we can make it through the next few
months we'll get there
you're already twelve and six it looks
like so which corresponds to actually
where they gave you as your last
menstrual period which is the date you
stop taking the birth control right
let's let the head on the left right
right it's in a little fetal position oh
my goodness but while we're not gonna be
able to see the socks yet
we can't tell what it is yet we'll have
to wait a few more months before we can
tell that what I can tell it to life
there's only one if there's only only
one all right man all right guys good
next time things weren't really well
it's super excited okay so I don't know
if you guys know the situation I don't
know everyone delivers what I tell you I
should tell you wow this is an open book
come on guys so I was on birth control I
went on birth control I never really had
a cycle and then I was pregnant so we
were kind of having a hard time knowing
exactly when I got pregnant to figure
out the exact due date but according to
the measurements of the baby on the
ultrasound I'm due October 22nd so we
were close I was thinking like November
1st ish October 22nd is my official due
date it's too early to tell the sex of
the baby yet but she said by the next
appointment like in four weeks we
probably will be able to tell so I'm
gonna bring Shae with me and hopefully
some of the kids if possible to that one
so we can see what is I know I'm so
impatient I know there are some people
out there that are like just wait just
find out what it is when you have it
it's gonna be the same either way you
know it's gonna be a surprise either way
but I like to know that gets me through
the next you know six months or whatever
seven no it'll be five months at that
point haha there you go
there's heartbeat and there's a little
picture of our little bug I'm excited
the first thing
Oh
we just got the bird Bruce Wayne will be
out in just a moment he's just changing
out of his bat costume and he's going to
come out and go running with me let's go
Bruce
here we go square
the busiest intersection in the entire
world let's run through it see all these
people were about ready to race this is
the starting line this race
everybody ready is ready
a bus
oh she's winning
let's see if we can find Elmo dude I
need a rematch you seen Elmo where's
Elmo I got to find out moe
where is he I know he's hidin from me
where is he umm umm what are you trying
to say you want to tell everybody why
your house so you want your best friend
to come over while we're playing with
Cecily yeah okay well I haven't find
anything yet with her mom but we were
we'll get to hang out with Cecily today
for a while yeah she hasn't been her of
crowd for a while huh I said Maisie to
breathe her 20 cuz we're gonna go
swimming I'm thinking okay
oh we're not doing that yet okay but
your will plant it okay
but I have something else fun to tell
you guys I went to my first appointment
do you want to hear how it went I got to
see the baby
I tell me yes do you want to see it yeah
I have a picture I can show you guys
what was it so we don't know what it is
yet it's just a baby right now it's just
a little bean right now we don't know
yet it's too early to tell Kiki we have
to wait for another month maybe we'll be
other problems yeah oh man okay there's
the picture of the little joke I'm
showing you guys hurry hold on hold on
one you guys want to see it yes there
you go that's what I thought what
happened what the heck do you want me to
help you out a little bit yes that's
something like oh that's a baby haha
ultrasounds are kind of weird you can't
really tell a lot but I'll show you here
hold the camera this oh I see yes oh
yeah I need this is his big eyeballs and
that's his are you saying who's is it a
bone it's a boy that's right it's a Bart
it's it's it's a boy well the doctor
kept saying she but we can't tell it at
this point at all so okay there's the
head and then that little white part
right there that's
baby's spine so it's you know it was
just on a on its back like the backbone
back here it like hold span of your back
up yeah so that's the baby spine and
then that's his little belly her his it
I don't always calling it for now and so
call the girls right now so it's just a
tiny little beam right now it's not big
enough seats until you it's really small
I don't know how big it is actually
right now I have to go google it it's
really little what about sexual size
well could be I'm really good at this
huh I've had five or four kids and I
still don't know how big is the baby
right now
I would be glad to search that
information for you mommy card your baby
at three to four months is about three
inches long and nearly an ounce it's
tiny unique fingerprints are already in
place and the mom is super hot that's
all yeah machine can you tell us who
that is wow that's fun watch out kay
rock hard can you say Cecily
there's no way of saying it is used to
say ceci my calls are Sesame says should
be
uh yeah I need to go this way show that
there is Columbus Circle which means
right up there is where we shot with
Anderson Cooper on the Anderson Cooper
show remember that
welcome shake let and their kids are you
oh are you hello how's it going have a
seat I'm a lot skinnier from those yeah
yeah yeah I mean you I lost like 100
pounds backstage
you've lost like a hundred pounds yes I
have lost 110 and that's one of the
things you've been documenting on
youtube basically this life's so full of
memories almost the Central Park
you
on
haha we made it to the Central Park it
is a beautiful day the flowers are
falling and gloom and look at these
smells so good - I just feel so blessed
and lucky to be able to just be here
this is like one of the most iconic
spots in the world
such a beautiful day the weather is
perfect perfect spring day subway I want
a six inch meatball haha I'm just joking
I'm headed right now to go out to dinner
with the Gregory Brothers we're gonna
meet at this restaurant that's over by
the maker studios apartment and we're
going to have dinner and talk about
YouTube maybe not because we're talking
about YouTube all day every day maybe
we'll talk about real-life situations
yeah I'm excited you guys are the
gregory brothers hilarious go check them
out you're kidding dude you hear that
siren it's like he's shooting lasers at
the cars in front of them weird
the guy Gavi kid grazie
he pushed me act like he's pushing me in
the manhole you guys see him coming up
behind me that scared me really got me
call these New Yorkers always making
jokes crazy new Yule cos actually I've
had a really good experience
everybody I've come into contact with
here in New York has been really super
polite friendly and really good customer
service hey let me ask you guys a
question I was thinking about this
yesterday I was thinking if somebody
like you enjoys these videos do you
think that maybe your friends and your
family would also enjoy these videos I'm
asking you guys to be a Shaytards
missionary if you will will you please
share these videos with your friends and
family now I'm not even talking about
like Facebook or to tweet it or to
thumbs it up I mean like actually when
you're at school and you're like hey
what do you watch on the Internet
why don't you watch this family that I
watch it's called the Shaytards really
you know baptize people into our family
so I'm gonna ask you find somebody all
of you that are listening right now you
all have to find one friend that doesn't
watch your Shaytards and bring them
physically go say hey brother hey sister
hey mom dad grandma grandpa hey cousin
hey neighbor across the street come over
to my house and let's watch the
Shaytards together so you guys have to
return and report and let me know who
you found to bring to our family because
I figure if this brings a smile and joy
to your face and happiness to your home
and your soul and to your day then why
not spread that joint happiness you know
I'm saying all right I love you guys and
guess what
yeah yeah that's right I'll see you
tomorrow
