well hello there friends welcome to
another day of the shape tard hi i'm
login here good morning today we start
off in the airport los angeles to new
york we're headed there right now for
the Tribeca Film Festival I'm excited
and tired
it's 5:30 a.m. let's ride this way all
the way to New York City
how many airplanes have we touch
together
so entertaining okay let's stop
trampling the bushes and go get the kids
now Wow
where'd you go dude oh he found
something what'd you find
okay quit throwing rocks at the plants
let's go for heavens to Murgatroid it's
a beautiful sunny day here in California
go to pick up the kids and I'm having a
hard time wrangle in this child
fun this way I bet you guys are
wondering how he's doing with his potty
training too he's actually doing really
well I'm so proud of him the past two
days he hasn't had any accidents I'm
crossing my fingers I think we we could
see Houston already come on dude let's
go okay I'm watching that was so amazing
I can't even believe it all right let's
go get your sister where's my suitcase
write a concerto
such a child look who I found
none other than Michael Gallagher of
totally sketching his beautiful
girlfriend general internet guys it's
been a while it's been a while Wow how
long has it been since we made it
together used to make lots of videos
what was the last one we made I flip our
hair back flip my head back and forth
yeah I think the one was a hacker oh the
hot hacker that was a good one free
essrig and Qasim Kariba you guys are
playing can make it the mystery video
today go check it out that was directed
and produced by Michael Gallagher of
totally sketch hey we did the shayloss
music for you remember that oh yeah yeah
you did that too huh one and two and
three and four let your feet up off that
floor
get yourself up off that couch and let
me see you're working out we're burning
calories celery and salad needs whatever
you serve put it in my juicer I'll be
putting juice in a that's right man that
is over a million views on it I need to
do more videos with you we should tell
our Dean Ian okay you guys I'm gonna
make a video with Michael Gallagher we
just landed and we're headed to our
hotel in New York where we saying don't
tell him then they'll stop us look let
me tell ya hotel you stay in the Hotel
California doc Jones house Donald Trump
Donald Trump you're saying it yes he
owns New York pretty much Michael is
here to make a movie short movie 48 hour
film festival at a film festival they're
gonna give us the requirements and then
we have to make it within 48 hours and
then they're going to show it at the
festival that's gonna be awesome so how
many different teams are there just us
and then what is it really example Oh
open to the public
oh what a month and people all over the
world can do it these are good Oh we'll
try to promote your crap on my channel
stay tuned for that if you're a
filmmaker go check out Michael
Gallagher's channel it will be on your
channel maybe I don't know figure it out
well you know
okay bye we're heading to the airport no
we just left the airport
Hotel just landed now we're going back
home I didn't sleep much last night all
right princess hard what did you learn
today I learned to surf at the supplier
you learned I've reviewed about this
stuff oh you did a lot of computation I
learned that I should never let my
scarfs on the floor
oh right you want to show them the
little scarf contraption that you have
son tired well she's looking for that
what did you learn today I learned bell
tower unlikely likely certain there's
some new words yeah and then we also
just like a math lesson about it where
we use the words oh sweet I got this he
really chewed up to spur and this is the
part where you need and it you just make
a scarf she makes it with a toilet paper
roll like an empty toilet paper roll and
he's like giant popsicle sticks and just
tight tape it on with tape different
kinds of tapes
what you do is you step simply get the
strings if you put it up and put across
you put the other one over the acrost
one and then you pull that one over and
then you keep doing that and doing the
Intel it's long enough and you can take
it out for tea and your teacher will do
the rest of it and you shoot up your
last two well so I had to bring more tea
toilet paper rolls we've actually had
that a couple times you know the old
saying my dog ate my homework well it
really does happen with Zeke sometimes
so you got to be super careful not to
put anything on the floor your backpacks
your homework your other things projects
that you're working on because it will
get eaten by our diet dog made it's here
we are at the hotel room and I love
whenever you're in New York and you have
windows that open because you get to do
this don't fall you guys it's a long
ways down we're 17 floors up check out
that view man that's cool that make you
scared does that make your bum shake as
mommy tired would say she always says
that makes my bum shake I love what my
mommy
bum shakes that sounded weird I'm
hanging out the window
hi everybody hey are you guys look up
here it's me shake our roll check out my
youtube videos please subscribe
he's definitely gonna subscribe one more
subscribers yeah is that the Empire
State Building I think that's the
umpires State Building hi i Empire State
Building I love it this is kind of their
workout they just get to be monkey girls
just scare me so cute what I love monkey
maze that's restoring suits not haters
Oh beautiful
Oh whatever tell me Rin do cartwheels on
that floor that was fun getting better
and better every day
what it's okay sir
oh she goes one lucky girl come on keep
going keep going
Oh
whenever I come to New York I have a
rule that I can't take elevators and I'm
staying on the 17th floor so every time
I come in and out of my hotel room I'm
going to take the stairs earlier when I
was uploading my vlog
instead of doing my three hundred
push-ups I did five flights of stairs
and there's twenty two flights of stairs
in this building so my legs are like as
I walked down the stairs right now
they're like shaking they're like weak
so by the end of this week I'm gonna
have some buff legs from going up and
down these stairs
I don't know stairs and elves as I like
ooh sticky okay here's our dinner
I think it's called margarita grilled
chicken but that's not actually
margarita in it I learned from Bailey
hold on
what oh my goodness that's amazing
anyways I learned it from Kaylee and
it's just Italian seasoning marinated
the chicken in it put some seasonings on
it cheese basil and tomato it's really
was it called margarita grilled chicken
but there's no Marguerite in it a Dyson
no sweet seat there's a beautiful song
that's a great song I love it I love it
every time you place it this week Tori
kissa funniest like like patterns of
squeaks he comes up with kind of start
studying her book she's like storable
and her glasses baby chard you ready to
eat
yeah okay let's go oh I don't know where
watch aardman who cares who cares we're
hungry so we've got baked potato is it
enough stuff free mashed up and then
we've got brussel sprouts so there we go
gangsta in the house Oh Han and I stir
our yesterday jackets what I'm not down
the camera excuse me
can we come back to you because we're
all starving in the olden days American
girls also used to be advancing great
was invented yeah and it used to be real
like human no yes okay yes I don't want
to have this debate right now I want to
eat okay let's talk about mark and girls
on grill later and I believe that
they're my friends is the Empire State
Building I'm in an Empire State of Mind
as my buddy Dre's II would say walking
the streets of New York City at night is
very interesting because you know me
coming from Idaho a small town you think
I'm in the big city of New York man a
good area like this mean mugs me he's
you think New York scary things happen
there I don't know if I'm in a good
neighborhood or not should I walk out
past dark look if there's a lady running
to get away from a mother it's a great
area anyways I don't that make sense or
not but I remember when I first started
doing YouTube and I started traveling I
was like paranoid cuz you know you're
not used to going to big cities and I
would come to New York and I wouldn't
dare go out of my hotel late at night so
I thought I have somebody leg head to me
you know I don't want to be leg hated if
I get leg headed then my wife might
never see me again but now it's like now
people are people you know that's the
most profound thing I've ever said
people are people anyways I'm going to
the convenience store I have to get a
water in the morning I have to have a
huge drink of water right when I wake up
I like to have a gallon of water just
chug it to clean myself out Oh Zeke's
not allowed in here
sorry Zeke eel and of course this will
be my breakfast
hey this is what I was is that a whoopee
cushion a whoopee cushion baseball cards
ties and a little boy with underwear
okay one more it's bedtime you crazy
things they come up we're okay I'm ready
why'd you not to attack you Oh for me oh
my gosh our strong deer right here
poor things
it's bedtime I know I'm trying but
there's only so much I can do oh no no
no you won't know I already said no all
right so get ready for bed
hi so I just had a weird dream there was
some crazy people dancing in my house no
sorry
love you grocery shopping in New York
wait a goldarn minute what is this just
watermelon oh man I have to get this
this is my breakfast this is the crazy
thing about New York there's no garbage
bins you just throw your trash on the
ground and then people come and get it
is that a mattress I think I should jump
on this mattress there's a mattress on
the stream I'm jumping on the bed mom
you can't make me stop no more monkeys
jumping on the bed I just jumped on a
mattress right on the middle is great be
honest how many of you have jumped on a
mattress on the side of the street in
New York City singing no more monkeys
jumping on the bed huh how many of you
have done that and accomplish that in
your life that's a bucket list check off
people I just checked off a major item
on my bucket list and one day I'll be
shirtless on the side of a building
that's my naked that's my naked that's
my next bucket list check off you add
looking grand man yeah I've actually
found that the secret to not being
assaulted on the streets of New York is
to be weirder than everybody else and
that way everybody wants to stay away
from you you're screaming at a camera
jumping on mattresses and yelling at
half-naked men on the side of buildings
people don't dare is necessarily want to
be around you they tend to walk around
you go the opposite direction if you
will new yo new yo these boxers have
shoe you guys want to see what else I
love about New York it's like a jungle
gym there's plenty of places to workout
anywhere you go check this out
yeah and there's even beautiful nature
in the big city alright time to head
back upstairs here we go 17 floors up
thanks for joining me on my night out of
New York City I hope you guys had a
great day I love you and I'll see you
tomorrow bye love you guys
so who clicked on the one year ago video
yesterday isn't it weird that that was
the video where baby turtles asking
where malachi was and in that video as
we had the new malachi shirts and rock
cars like malachi it's really if you go
and you click on these one two three and
four years ago videos sometimes it's
eerie how like closely related they are
like what we were doing exactly four
years ago today like is very related to
like what's happening today it's like
almost like our life is happening on
purpose or like ferrari i don't know
it's interesting to go back and watch
all those videos check out yesterday's
vlog and if you're feeling lucky go
watch the video that me and Michael
Gallagher did together it's called hot
hacker it's a pretty good it was a fun
concept go check it out click on that or
in New York I'm gonna be at the Tribeca
Film Festival tomorrow interviewing
filmmakers on the red carpet I'm really
excited for that and then we're
premiering a video that me and Sam
macaroni did with the Tribeca Film
Festival people so it's gonna be
interesting stay tuned and I'll let you
know what happens love you guys see you
tomorrow
