 like your name shake
the Shaytards
alright ladies and gentlemen today is
the day for the grand prix 500 of the
Pinewood Derby our car just got out of
the paint booth sunt are you excited now
we have it in the drawing stall which is
nothing but mommy's blow-dryer stuff in
a vase staff on her makeup kit stack on
her fingernail polish tray I know ya
Rockford fruits and stuff on top of it
here it is here's our racer what do you
guys think Silver Bullet I like this
little blue arrow we use some of mommy
tards finger nail polish to do a little
titanium blue arrow on the top don't
touch it
you give it your butt kicked and we're
gonna write today it's race day you
gonna win the day
what you don't win what if you don't win
huh you still have fun even if you don't
win right that's what it's about having
fun last year when we were putting Sun
tards wheels on we accidentally got some
glue in the tires
it was slow it was the slowest car real
trash but he did win a chocolate cake
that's true
all right big day let's go we're gonna
wait for the paint to dry there okay
Shakhtar what are you doing in the sink
huh that your bathtub
don't turn the water on don't do it
gobby gobby gobby gobby gobby got it
alright here we go race day we're gonna
win all right so we're in the truck
we're headed to the Pinewood Derby sunt
are the mommy tartare there they had to
go early to help set up you guys ready
do I have my what your funniness oh no I
left it at the house ding its I told you
to bring it you're the one who's
surprised sponsible for and I had to get
rocked already but I said princess hurry
will you please grab my funniness before
we go I said get rocked her shoes and
grab my funniness and now I don't have
it I got ready cuz he was in his
underwear okay no what am I gonna do my
funniness dang yet everybody's gonna
think I'm a horrible emcee for the
Pinewood Derby they're never gonna ask
me to do it again tell them that you
have to be fired unless I can find some
extra fun eNOS oh that was the burst of
funniness I needed I was gonna say can I
borrow some of yours cuz you're pretty
funny and if I could borrow some years
that would help me out a lot you think
you're funnier than me maybe we should
have a funny off a joke God as diff you
will okay we're going to the Pinewood
Derby let's win yeah alright ladies and
gentlemen here we are this is the car
that's gonna win it all tell me the name
of this son tired what is the name of it
dial the dye ohm or I forgot
back to the future oh the My heavens to
Murgatroid what's it called the DeLorean
the DeLorean yeah would you call the die
ohm I kind of like that once you go over
and tell us about what's the features on
this car pink yellow sticker and we had
to add some money for weight cuz ask you
five ounces would you get oh do you have
a pit passed on you're in pit row man
all right you gonna win I hope you win
remember it doesn't matter if you win or
not it's about if we had a good time
making it yeah but also yeah it's funner
to win don't forget that hey like the
Pinewood Derby look at who is emceeing
again this year my one and only team and
we've got this program that kind of
Larkin is not working for any more
rounds but we're doing our best the
process of elimination
okay you ready good luck - Dominic hate
it might that exhaustion been the best
car win I'm mark get set go
sometimes restriction I want a big or
by God yeah victory a link around walk
do it we're ready for the win we are 500
cars worth we've gotten so far two third
places I got all third places except one
fourth one fourth cardboards yellow okay
here we go let's go down to the end so
we can see what happens
yeah here we go one more Morgan said
he'll go three four - oh dude I think
third your lucky number yeah I might get
the third place trophy yeah maybe you
never know did you mark go like this
snaps oh yeah a good card that's the one
look out Matt's having fun
hey Rach charred 3-1 or halo with a
burning truck okay that skrilla right
now Vegas I see some of the cars signs a
halo car so you need a monocle or two in
the end you guys will beat your cars in
this race have we done last night
he loves the Batman okay ready if it's
even got sons Arab sweetie I
and Donna look at this one it looks
futuristic oh my goodness how cool of
that one you can ski board and that one
who Sam see he's so handsome
the crowd is turning on dude you haven't
won other jokes because I just got a
compliment from somebody that said
you're amazing oh really
yes that's gonna boy you up girls are
shy they're too shy they're all giggling
inside Henry bacon repair apparently
screen trouble for these cars and the
way to the bottom one the judges one of
the truth this is what I mean what if
you have anything to say about it
complain all the planes must be
submitted in the form of writing Gary
Nelson cars racing again friends
dominant Henry yeah blue card man one
two three four hey that's all right
oh well we had fun building it we'll get
him next year
hey guys who didn't know roadie or cage
just got some new shirts so from where
you are okay just got me some of these
new shirts check out this shirt I'm
wearing I am curious I'm gonna do an
experiment right now see this shirt
who's that okay look here's the
experiment here's X romerito rock card
who's this yeah who is it okay you know
that's Malachi yeah ha ha ha hey I
thought you forget about Malachi hey
it's Malachi not me Akai is a malachi
Lika Malachi you remember the experiment
work I thought I wonder if frogburt sees
this picture
yeah it's Malachi if you'll notice he
was so young when now hi dire who's that
Elmo Elmo yeah that makes you feel happy
that your remembers my life I almost
make your pot oh sorry I didn't hit him
I swear I did hit him look what do don't
be jealous cuz Malachi has a shirt ok
we had him first we love him just a
little bit more than you I think who's
that
let's eat a lot of you overwhelmingly we
were getting flooded with people wanting
to have malachite roads so we made
Malachi first and you want one you go to
Rodeo arcade comlinks right there you go
get a Malachi shirt and we have brand
new rain butcher's I showed you in
yesterday's walk Malachi lives on
forever it's not a car oh I'm so happy
do you remember who he was I remember
too and potty-training update mr. rock
card is doing a heck of a job he has a
poopy in the potty he's doing really
good i proud of you buddy he's gonna
help I in a week he'll be totally poppin
where are you gonna be potty trained oh
wow
got my running shoes on and just landed
in New York City I'm about to go runnin
hey guys I just thought I would add this
little clip at the end of today's video
this is real time it's Monday and I just
landed in New York City I'm here at my
hotel and I just heard about what
happened in Boston and I you know in
these situations you don't know what to
say it's crazy to think but I was 6
minutes away from being at that race if
I was 6 minutes faster at my st. George
marathon today I would be in Boston at
that race I've been overwhelmed by so
many of your tweets who have said that
you know God watches over us and answers
prayers and in hidden ways it just it's
hard to know what to say right now I'm
just like kind of it's all sinking in if
you know about my st. George marathon
you knew that I was trying to qualify
for the Boston Marathon and I just
barely missed it the qualified time is
three hours and five minutes and I did
in 3 hours and 11 minutes it's crazy to
think now because the entire race I was
ahead of Boston qualifying time the
entire race until the last two miles for
some reason in the last
miles something happened where I just I
couldn't keep the pace anymore
and at the time I thought well it's just
cuz I wasn't you know ready I just
wasn't hadn't trained enough and I
wasn't in you know the shape that I
needed to be in to qualify for that time
but I don't know man hindsight is 20/20
I guess like I look back on it now it's
like yeah I don't know I'm not saying
that you know God made me run slower so
I wouldn't be there today but that
doesn't matter you know it's not about
me and about you know what could have
been really we need to just think about
the people that are in Boston not only
the people that are suffering and that
we're injured but their family the
people that have to you know ask those
questions why why did this happen to me
so my thoughts are with everybody in
Boston today and everybody who was in
that race and everybody who has to deal
with you know somebody else's horrible
decision to try to hurt other people you
don't know what to say in these
situations I feel like I'm you know
somehow connected with those people
though because I know what it's like to
train for marathon and it is not easy it
takes time and sacrifice and dedication
and to add this tragedy on top of what's
supposed to be like the culmination of a
lot of hard work and effort is just it's
so unfortunate and it sucks so I just
feel like I can't do anything the only I
can do is is literally kneel down and
say a prayer for them that their burdens
will be lightened and I feel like I want
to go running I feel like I just some I
don't know why in my mind but that just
feels like it'll help me connect with
them somehow because I know how hard it
is to train and to prepare for that my
thoughts are with them I'm gonna go for
a run right now in New York City and
just think about those who uh you know
who either lost their lives or were
injured who had somebody friends or
family who are involved in that tragedy
today be thankful for the moments you
have with your friends and family and I
know bad things are happening all over
the world all the time but this is just
close to us so my thoughts are with them
and now I'm gonna go running and think
about them and that's the only thing I
can do right now is pray and run and
we'll see you guys tomorrow
would haven't seemed so far in terms of
just a memory
without a dork and I will show remember
that should not and you are sir
and break the promises and man
when lava salt to water
just take a breath and let it go
