here's a moment to choose happiness when
you wanna be pissed off man guys you
guys understand right it's so funny
because we just had this huge
conversation with you with you with you
and like we said all these things and
it's almost like you weren't there but
wait wait I'm getting a battery sign on
this see this could be bad okay I'm
gonna do a little entity on today's what
takes any we just why we just oh my we
just recorded a 12-minute video on my
eye we're not gonna lose this okay that
camera just died we're here we're not
gonna lose this conversation with you
guys what's the last thing I said on
there this technology will not get in
between our conversation so we just had
this 12 minute conversation with you on
my iPhone for one takes Sunday and
apparently cuz Shankar likes to take a
lot of Instagram pictures there's not
enough room so we just recorded this big
elaborate 12 minute conversation like a
good one yeah yeah and then I hit end to
end the video and it's like there's not
enough room to save this video and
that's and then I'm like just lost it
and as a vlogger as a person who makes
YouTube content when you lose content
that is good that's like oh you can't
recreate that it is so frustrating yeah
as a youtuber that's probably the number
one most frustrating thing that can
happen is if you have good footage and
you lose it whether it gets delete it
off to your computer ask any youtuber so
we're gonna start over and collects like
here's a moment to choose happiness cuz
it's like it really is that is where the
rubber hits the road when we started
this camera and then so then we're good
Imran and then this camera died so now
we have this camera but it is it's like
what do I do I could be like oh oh maybe
so I just cuz you know you know when you
say something you say it just right and
it's like you put your like your heart
on your sleeve and you're like put all
this into it and then it's like oh sorry
we lost it do it again so you can't you
can't do I not do it again so anyways
this is the new one takes I wish
I could have been there for that
conversation it was a great conversation
you know and then you asked yourself
like is that what God wanted or do
things just happen you know do do
batteries just died and memory cards
just get full and you just have to deal
anyways we are talking about yesterday's
vlog and how apparently some of you
don't like when I abuse my children and
we laugh about it because we know as you
know parents that we don't these are
children but we know that a lot of you
are coming from homes that maybe you are
abused and that's not funny you know
whether it's physical or mental or
verbal abuse it's never good when
somebody else feels bad and I would
never try to hurt my children we are
physical we are very physical in our
family whether it's when we play when we
show affection when we physically abused
or you're gonna hate me but the
batteries look is it diet okay we're
next camera I always try to keep
batteries up we're trying to have a real
conversation with you guys
batteries we do not want you to think
that we're taking like abuse lightly but
in the comments yesterday for the video
we're shade yeah I gave her a little
second you know where the batteries are
yeah you guys are just hanging out with
this we're not gonna give up when this
one takes Sunday what do you girls doing
handstand contest handstand contest
anyways another thing I was saying in
the comments is I realize the majority
of you understand that I'm not abusive
and that we're just playing around that
we're having fun but you know maybe some
of you you're right maybe I shouldn't
take it so lightly you know if you don't
know what happened go watch yesterday's
video but babyt I was like and she was
screaming and smile I gave her a slight
tap on the face like quiet and I was
totally just joking you can tell on
David's face that she didn't wasn't hurt
or didn't feel bad that it was just like
she knows that she was being obnoxious
and she knows when I'm like stop enough
quit yelling you know there's some times
I just you know give him a little smack
anyways so what I was saying is that if
you are coming here trying to find
mistakes that the Shaytards have made
it's not that hard
we're not
perfect people we mess up all the time
and if that's your job and that's your
hope that you can come here and find
something that we did that we messed up
on it's it's not hard I mean we
obviously make make mistakes all the
time we have our batteries plug them in
we have to switch cameras yeah dude
hurry this one is about to die pray turn
that one on and I'm gonna turn this one
this is like literally no red on the
battery on this
hurry hurry now we're gonna go back to
this camera we started on this camera
went to this camera okay we on okay bye
we on okay okay bye
anyways so where were we
um that's the other thing I was gonna
say is that I feel and this is sad to me
but I feel like there are some people
out there who watch the Shaytards vlogs
that hope that we fail like I feel like
there are some people that if me and
collegues out a divorce that would make
them happy there'd be like yeah see I
knew that couldn't be that happy and
that's a bad attitude to have I know
that it's not gonna there's this human
nature in us that if other people fail
that means that we succeed in some way
that when you see other people succeed
then that means you're not doing as well
and so then there's this inherit human
nature to think well if they do bad and
that makes me feel better about myself
because it's gonna pull you down um
we're happy I mean we enjoy our family
and it doesn't matter what the comments
say or what people tweet about us we're
the same and I know there's a lot of you
who are like show you don't let the
comments get you down I don't man like I
know the game we've done this for over
four years and I know that there's just
people that are out there in the world
who are gonna be unhappy no matter what
and they're gonna try to pick and find
any little thing that we do wrong and
they're gonna try to exploit it and say
you're doing this you're doing this
wrong and it's okay like I realize that
there's probably some other things that
are in that person's life that are
affecting them and that's the reason
that they're saying that we're just
we're just a happy family and the reason
that we make these videos is more than
money because if the only reason that we
made this videos is for money we would
doing something else a long time ago
there's a lot of different opportunities
that we have through maker studios and
through just doing YouTube so long that
we have to make money the reason we do
these videos and continue to do these
videos is because we feel like we are
obviously honestly making a change in
people's lives that we're helping people
feel good about themselves giving people
optimism and hope that they can have a
family like this what do you think bro
you got two cents let's go in here quit
yelling at my dad because I didn't beat
up though that's the other thing I said
in that 12 minute video on my iPhone is
that we are a very physical family like
when we fight what do we do we play we
play we wrestle we throw each other when
I kiss my kids are like I kiss them I
kiss them hard on the mouth do you feel
like you're and so when my kids say
let's play they're always like dad come
beat me up because we play around and we
wrestle you know so families are
different and maybe you came from a
family that's like very like you can't
touch each other but we are that's just
how we are that's like the butler's in
general like my mom was a cowgirl
growing up like we were just physical we
like to grab each other and hug each
other and get on the ground and wrestle
on the carpet so if that's not how your
family is I understand but like the more
that you try to find a nitpick the
things that we do and try to think that
you know try to say that we're doing
things wrong it's just gonna make you
unhappy and that's not the point of
these videos the point of these videos
is to make you feel good it's to
entertain you to bring some joy to your
life and that's all there for and if you
get in the comments and you're like
fighting with other people and you're
trying to find things that I did wrong
like I said I'm not perfect I will make
mistakes plenty of them I don't know
anyways that's one take Sunday hopefully
this battery still going it is we love
you guys we hope you're having a great
day and we're not affected by it
we we know who we are we're a happy
family and we enjoy doing this and we
enjoy share their lives with you guys or
maybe we should just quit what do you
guys say should we quit the vlogs let's
just quit the vlogs right now we won't
have to put up with all these negative
comments saying that we're a bad family
Oh so here's what I'm gonna ask because
these videos are averaging anywhere from
180 to 250 thousand views that means
that's fun watching the little videos
huh
isn't it cool like seeing Liz like the
little outfits that you used to wear
like how small you used to be and the
you know like the places we used to live
that's gone no but we have it on YouTube
what we can remember uh-huh
and see well remember that in in ten
years from now when Sun turns 18 so
remember going up and giving you double
bunny ears
there'll be 19 oh yeah my bad uh-oh some
physical abuse is about to happen see if
we weren't abusive to our children honey
this wouldn't happen see look what we've
done this is our fault we caused this
through our physical abuse get em Z hit
em Z all right well we love you guys and
we hope that you understand that we're
just trying to bring joy and happiness
to your house all right whatever I wish
you could have been that reflect well I
basically said everything I said on this
um this not too much that's it happy one
take Sunday we'll see you tomorrow baby
tard I'm sorry for slapping you
yesterday well he's an abusive dog and
that's what abusive dogs do play wacky
and the tummy with their tail Oh
Eminem's down Eminem's down down mommy
taught runs them in and stuck sucks them
up or knows all right say goodbye I
tried to say goodbye like twice oh
that's the other thing I call this in
our for that first videos that were
hypocrites because we always yell at the
kids about cleaning our room and our
rooms a mess
see we're bad people week are not
perfect we yelled our kids to clean
their room and then look what kind of
white-trash situation we're dealing with
here or scumbags and we admit that leave
a comment below about how scumbag euer
okay see you tomorrow bye
