hello Zeke good morning and welcome to
another Shaytards vlog I'm go for ride
before right you I'll go for right you
walk over right okay get in get in
good boy me and mommy do you want to
come in do you want to come in okay
gotta do it dance do dance
can you dance oh you're a butler you got
to learn this trick okay hi
Oh My heavens to Betsy how come you guys
look so cool
what are you confront Daxton what an
airplane are you like a shirt don't be
grumpy dude what I'll help you what do
you want
so so what does he want
did you look so cool let me see back up
back up into the light son look at those
kicks
it's the camo yeah I like it dude what
shirt is that yeah dude promote the
print thanks bro I love you alright
we've got the whole crew yeah we're
getting some snap-snappy pictures
come on
we're getting some pictures for tricks
in just for fun but just run dice dude
what button did I push you guys see that
I pushed a weird button that made the
light go weird oh there we go
oh my goodness
you guys are awesome the kids have a new
motor
all right
rolling and action area everybody hating
welcome one and all to the tricks and
clothing family shoes buy our clothes
day hon tom great day on I'm glad you
had you were so prepared that's what
Dejan would be proud Brock was flying
down the hill on a scooter and he didn't
want to slow down because I didn't want
to scuff his shoes your body could get
hurt she's a clean smooth ha ha oh
what's today's he looked through that is
mr. photographer man him stuff and his
beautiful light up here we're getting
some snaps M or a butcher named daughter
of mine show me that hat new floral
design I like the purple school polka
anyways we're hanging up
I guess Dutton
Oh Jackson look your guys watching you
what are you doing
good job Dax here's your guy love you
hey guys love you beautiful love you
hey guys that time time to get school
supplies we're actually kind of a little
late on school supplies actually maybe
not super late because it would be
better if we just waited until school
started and have the teachers tell them
what they need because sometimes the
school lists aren't accurate anyways so
we're just getting school time and we
found something else that I thought
would really cute so you guys know that
Shea's going to be auctioning off my
chest so soon you guys know that we're
not going to have our Tesla soon what do
we get for that
look we bought him a new car we got my
Tesla batteries going me I think it's
cute look they have a tablet actual
isn't so cool anyways we got your car
babe I'll go for ride before right you
I'll go for right you like upper right
okay get in get in not much room huh not
much room these are good boy all right
I'll move all this crap that mom has
back here and you can go for a ride with
us I feel like I haven't taken Zeke for
a ride in a long time you always just
has to hang up here and watch the house
come on Zeke going over right good boy
all right lay down Hays you're good boy
yeah well for a good boy okay
is it good boy Zeke's coming with us a
puppy wants to go Fred what what you're
such a good helper he's such a good
helper bug the doctor huh boy yo yo yo
yo yo how did you go pee defecate okay
hello hello I'm waiting to get a prize
rocket Amy what is it don't what I get a
surprise
I'm hungry the food
now it's not food guys that have beards
and are a little portly usually lack
food surprises up bring me my surprise I
want to have my surprise now put the
surprise in my hands now please I feel
great
is it taking forever for my surprise oh
that's bad lighting what is I
oh I'm a horrible blogger community
fives goodbye baby what's my surprise
see you guys in a minute fine okay we
found it babe so wait let me let me say
before wait so I know that you are kind
of kind of a little bit not sad but
you're a little bit like oh I'm gonna be
sad that I'm gonna give the Tesla away
but we bought you another another car
that makes up for it right what is a
Tesla it's a Tesla yeah cool guys that's
pretty cool actually yeah Tesla Model X
it might have the red things like that
yeah so cool
okay you guys update I'm gonna be making
a video with SoulPancake I'm Alan Tesla
so stay tuned we're giving it away to
build a hospital in Ethiopia still
happening had a big meeting with
SoulPancake in LA so yeah soon rock and
roll success hey guys were at Grandma's
and she's not home yet do you think it'd
be okay if I stole this all of you Jam
let's steal it
I love Jam is homemade it's homemade you
think it's freezer Jam or like I don't
know but she'll never know just drink it
hurry fast oh that's like raspberry what
if she's giving it to so well she's
giving that one to us now
where's raspberry Oh YUM oh my give me
some toast right now I need some butter
and some toast a sack this is delicious
Jack huh
I really hope she wasn't gonna give up
somebody else if she was that would be
so rude so we're taking it that one's
ours
that's not nice to steal nice is still
jammed it took so long to make oh hey
what's up uh hey hey you don't have a
chicken a chicken Slayton a grandma's
chicken lane and a Clips make us on the
back got my chickens laying any I mean I
do I jump in on it I mean come on
chicken a chicken egg a chicken egg a
chicken egg yeah girls let you look at
it yeah yeah
maybe won't be quite as popular rock
song that's why I'm over here that's and
trying to get in do you need the chip oh
yeah
Pamela window sticking his nose up
against the glass hi baby and mommy do
you want to come in do you want to come
in okay gotta do it dance do dance can
you dance
hello you're a butler you got to learn
this trick okay
oh that's that'll work that's pretty
cool hey you can't come in so you do a
dance do dance yeah yeah do a dance
where you come in Joe open the door let
it man oh that's it dance he'll learn
guys hey did you see that smile oh I did
it
Scott it thank you we love you dad
the dog whisperer has arrived they love
you seek tried to sit on her lap but
thank you like Grandma
so cute oh I'm sorry
Zelda food--it mom that one Oh
grandmother how is it by the way I suck
my tongue in jars yeah okay
