always in the jungle are you in the
jungle baby yeah
are you Mowgli from The Jungle Book have
you been running around wearing about
the same thing he wears oh yeah they can
still of you what a great day it's
Friday it's are we gonna play with game
daily and braids we're gonna go play
with alien braids today it's gonna be
awesome
okay everybody how was school today I'm
laughing in my heart it was super super
silly what did you learn good job Center
just passes eight so wait what did you
learn from your teacher
okay can you put your seat belt on right
now that's not right I was right way to
raise you though doctor where'd you
learn in school today he learns not to
go pee pee in your pants huh yeah good
job don't here sister
that's not funny don't laugh no no don't
laugh no hating you booger okay baby
tired for did you learn at school
besides not sucking your thumb
I learned multiplying decimals that's
technically regular multiplication
all right I'm gonna go on get these kids
a little snack so their brains will work
again and then we'll find out what they
learned in school seriously it's like
there's some secret conspiracy they're
learning they can't do they just can't
tell me about it that's why they're not
telling me
well good golly Miss Molly it's Friday
night the feeling's right what are we
gonna do we better do something exciting
and fun because I know you guys sad have
to leave to go to New York yeah good
thing you came from I know Pinewood
Derby tomorrow dude we got to paint the
car tonight what color we're gonna paint
it you're your sister is totally vlog
mom and Ibrahim silver Zeke says don't
bug me hey yeah I better see that in
your hand like 24 hours a day you should
be reading some of the comments people
are pissed at you you have 10 cavities
well good
that's your new sugar from now on your
gum toothpaste I want you to be brushing
14 times a day deep down I don't care
she's gonna wear them down until her
adult teeth come in and then there's
gonna be no cavities check out that my
new shirt you like it I said go your car
let me see it no you have to let baby
turn standard she's been asking for
three days Oh remember when remember
when mom had us write a thing on the
wall over here
this is his bat bring him over here
let's measure him again everybody let's
measure you come on we're gonna measure
you when grandma was here right before
playlist live this is it this was the
top of his bat okay let's put him up
against the wall and see where he's at
now okay stand here okay right there
okay move him let's see
Wow look at that that's like two weeks
it's like two or three weeks that's how
much he's grown dude you're like
all right Friday night we're gonna do a
sanding party for the Pinewood Derby
looks really good dude
starting to get aerodynamic okay baby
tard let's see you yeah because the race
is tomorrow huh yeah Pinewood Derby is
tomorrow and I guess I'm MC for the
Pinewood Derby is that right am i M
seeing it they asked me to I'm the guy
who talks in the microphone and says
funny things and I say ah I go they
picked me up I know I did it last year
and it's so good they it is are you sure
oh really but I'm kind of funnier let me
see this honestly it's not good off
let me see that looks good man Oh
aerodynamic silver or gold well we have
to pick one I think it looks sleeker if
it's like all silver or like a silver
bullet yes I am the father traditionally
that is the job of every Pinewood Derby
father to take over the project and
instill his sight and his design ideas
on the project oh there's a baby outside
Oh another today the inside
are you telling the truth yes I don't
believe you oh yeah I drowned my chance
no big deal
Rock turns you're gonna be a dude on the
sign here in a minute if you're not
careful he's like daunting that sign I
dare you to follow me I dare I dare you
the caution slippery when wet might be
fun
more like scratch from all I have been
challenged to a handstand contest I have
pulled out one or what's his name or
bill Redenbacher or George watch the
turn I can't remember which his name is
one dollar bill whoever wins the
handstand contest okay how did you say I
will smack a for princess our Butler
here we go
you say go mommy coughs hey Mertz okay
on your mark zeke are you in this
contest video it said thank you sir
that's great form
and you're not a cream hand standard
your triceps look good babe your tricep
are you sucking your thumb while doing
it alrighty then I'm gonna go smack some
children and slap some dubcake on their
bachelor pad duct tape on their face
that's what I meant to say
