log in here alright we're late for a
dentist appointment baby tart has she's
going to a child dentist to check her
tooth out and see what they can do to
fix her teeth these this is one of those
frustrations of Los Angeles I go all the
way down here I got the address just one
tiny bit off like instead of East it was
West so we're a little bit late to the
appointment then I gave her to like do I
park there's no parking so we parked way
down the street and now we're heading to
the appointment you missed Idaho there's
always parking in Idaho have never had
problems parking and I don't just mean
matter where it is I love you parking
Idaho okay they retard what are the
dentists say I mean but how many
cavities do you have remember how many I
told it it's a lot more than we thought
huh I don't know she's got ten but the
good news is they're all cavities from a
while ago she said they're older
cavities hold on wait for me wait for me
don't leave me you'll get stolen or I'll
get stolen I'll be so scared
so anyways she's got cavities good news
is brushing our teeth more often and the
no sugar on the weekdays has helped a
ton as all these cavities are older so
now once we think some she's not gonna
get any more ever ever ever ever again
right what is going on here
it looks like a party party or she
doesn't want to get her gloves wet dad's
from the dentist's you know they get a
pick a prize that was your Tyson that's
not Madonna gloves yeah ten cavities you
get over Donna gloves hey you're in
trouble just so you know sugar princess
the sugar allotment for you is being cut
by 75% you understand they had already
had dad you only get one sugar day you
sure this is from Cass sugar
indiscretions building bubble bubble
beers I wanna see that funny okay so the
camera oh that's so cool he's so proud
okay i watch it is it as good as Rob
charge because this is really good
cute ready start that was the stink bug
in the air
watch out baby tard right don't you
neither don't run just watch
alright let's see the next trick can you
guys hear mommy we have please come here
okay let's see your trick again charge
your trip cool trick this light
reflectors like okay okay okay oh oh he
didn't cry but he didn't want to tell me
about it either okay princess backflip
hold on rook yard you can't have all the
camera time wow that was cool okay I'm
watching you now for heavens to
Murgatroid good that's so cool he's so
proud of that okay I want to see a flip
this time baby Keisel
changed our minds
that one was more far-out than high do
it again
baby jarred manova that's definitely out
you guys I'm headed to another fancy
soiree this is up in Beverly Hills that
I'm headed right now so apparently maker
studios and Danny and Lisa and Ben are
being awarded like a producers guild
award and so we're going to this party
it's at this house of the inventor of
the Tesla the motor company Tesla and
apparently Conan O'Brien and Jimmy
Fallon for Jimmy Kimmel one of the
Jimmy's is gonna be there and I'm gonna
be there so I don't know imma be able to
film because you know I don't want to be
that guy there's all these rich famous
people I'm like hey I got a camera wanna
stay hide my camera but we'll see I
think nicepeter and i epiclloyd are
performing so if they're performing I'll
definitely film some of that but I think
this house is gonna be fancy this area
is gorgeous okay I'm here and there's
valet parking this is crazy
and check out the view of the city
there's Los Angeles we're overlooking
Los Angeles right here and this is crazy
look at all these people it's coming in
there
where's Conan is that Conan
oh I was gonna wear that same thing I'm
so glad I didn't that have been
embarrassing thank you Wow oh wait you
guys should have bubbles I'd be blowing
bubbles
at the same time but you are doing a
great job I'll tell you what this is the
best entrance to a party oh you have
flower petals there you go
well that's better than bubbles all
right we have a gentleman balancing a
wheelbarrow on his chin and gonna play
some squash or tennis too nice now get
rid of the Gophers in the backyard you
know there's a big lloyd there's Mike
Tompkins
there's nicepeter there's a bass master
I just makes perfect that's what I say
that's what I always say
hello bill why don't you guys just
battle it out drop the beat let me just
step right in I got things to add and
I'm gonna bring a baby Canterbury here's
a pile another great kissed a girl
let me get a step right in I have things
to invent I'm an innovator baby change
the world
fortune 500 for you kiss the girl huh
you're a nerd like your cheesy you
example too easy the product that the
artist uses and the Billy that Melinda
uses is the machines I built to listen
to The Beatles bumpy road well see you
steal all credit for work that other
people did and your vet beard was yeah
crank these rats for you to everybody no
windows Big Apple when I triple the
profits on easy all the people in power
to create use an apple and people with
jobs use of me see you know I bet baby
baked on an Apple no Froot Loops
PC you will never ever catch a virus on
an Apple is still afford a doctor yeah
PC another maker studio artist was just
Mike Tompkins and guess I'll have to
drop out
the visionaries those who have brought
forth new ideas about the creative
application of technology to advance
storytelling across all media consume
carry of the Global Alliance for
transformational entertainment the new
methods of technology and enables the
production of stories of Kevin Systrom
and my Krieger cofounders of Instagram
for already filled that well Dylan round
soup dog and dr. Dre for the Bruce move
to pack holographic concert experience
storytelling technology that's made
those who pretty content who's reached
execution and influence have advanced
the audience experience Pixar's John
Lasseter and Liz gusano and Disney's
animated that my faith his niece
Imagineering buck Weiss and Kathy Mangum
for the Cars Land attraction at Disney
California Adventure theme park
these happen and Lisa Donovan of maker
studio
birthday kisses birthday kisses Rockstar
give them a kiss Kobe a shy love you
buddy
love you cousin yeah okay kid see the
Power Ranger oh best buds Kate Adie
birthday five years old so that was a
fun party I was at swanky that dude is
loaded he is one of the co-creators of
PayPal and the Tesla and a bunch of
other stuff Conan O'Brien was supposed
to be there Jim Carrey was supposed to
be there I did see Morgan Freeman first
thing I as I walked in Morgan Freeman
was walking out I was like where's
Morgan Freeman
hey Morgan Freeman why did a voiceover
for my next twenty video but he didn't
let me say that so I guess he's not that
good
you are t-rex TX Velociraptor a
brontosaurus and I hear that princess
are got wussed out from the movie we
were afraid of the dinosaurs I'm talking
you are gonna be scared crying girls hmm
we'll see thanks one and what's he face
- did you get scared to dress the part
no it was awesome Zeke footage is equal
to xik footage Zeke foot is equal think
footage think what a dick what a dick
but a Zig footage what a crazy ride it's
been for those of you who clicked on the
four years ago button yesterday you will
know that on that date April eleventh
four years ago was the very first time
that I flew out to Los Angeles to start
this crazy company called maker studios
and now four years later I am finding
myself at a party where Morgan Freeman
and Jim Carrey and Conan O'Brien and the
inventors of Instagram and the
executives of Pixar and Disney are
winning awards and I'm eating shrimp
cocktail with these people what a crazy
insane ride you see there's chicks on
15-foot stilts and dresses you got a
pause at those moments and just kind of
you know take stock of where you've been
where you've come from and where you're
going and appreciate all the blessings
that you have in your life and the
amazing opportunities that I've been
given thanks to you guys and
thanks to my wife for supporting me and
believing that we can make this dream
come true four years ago when we moved
out to California this was totally a
whim it was a huge risk when I tried to
convince Colette to move from Idaho to
California to start an Internet company
like how ridiculous that sounded four
years ago but today it looks like it's
all gonna pay off I'll tell you what big
risks sometimes give you big rewards so
I'm super grateful and super lucky and
just so happy to be part of all of this
and I can't wait to see what the next
four years spring thank you guys so much
for coming and joining our family and
just being a part of our lives this is
our life and we just try to share with
you guys as raw and true and honest as
possible and the goal our one goal is
just to bring a smile to your face
happiness optimism and positivity to
your hearts so know that we love you we
appreciate you guys being here and
thumbs up in the videos and just
watching and commenting and supporting
check out yesterday's vlog if you're
feeling lucky I got a little special
something for you there you got to check
it out I think it came out really good
click on the fill and lucky button and
of course you can go see what we are
doing exactly on this day April 12th one
year ago two years ago three years ago
and four years ago where we have come
it's been quite the journey we love you
and we'll see you tomorrow
hey Morgan Freeman can you come in here
and do the voice-over for the instant
real quick hold on guys he's just using
my toilet he'll be out in a minute
