the son of my height my belly I'm
vlogging here hey bro what are you doing
you ready to go okay I'm down with that
yeah dude let's do this it's 4:15 in the
morning yeah I'm about to travel on an
airplane to see my wife main yeah
Indianapolis Indiana airports John Green
said this Airport was voted the best
airport in the nation or something like
that junk we wouldn't lie to me about
good airports money I cap but this is a
nice Airport apparently they just
renovated it smells like fresh aviation
to me I mean it has recyclables 531 a.m.
we are boarding our first flight to
Phoenix I have to stop at Phoenix and
then we get to in Los Angeles and I'll
tell you what when I land in Los Angeles
I'm gonna be ready for a special someone
neuro Sam what's up Casey Casey I'm
excited to hang out with you dude we're
gonna have so much fun when I get back
good luck it looks pretty empty this
morning 10 F oh snap I got the exit seat
see you guys later
my god I'd be excited to see daddy I'm
going to get him right now he's looking
around for him order to go do so excited
it's a 9 9 a.m. he took a really early
flight which means he flew for I mean he
got on the plane today
but with the time change I mean he's
been in the air for a long time why are
you talking about we're not going on
there playing daddy went on the airplane
and we're picking him up on yeah no not
today sorry yeah daddy
hi buddy how are you you miss me I'm
gonna come back there and get a kisses
right now gimme kiss gimme kiss did you
miss me why are your fingernails painted
are you a pretty princess now no I did
it really didn't braylee paint your
fingernails you say no I'm a tough dude
tough dudes don't paint their
fingernails they paint their toenails
I love you guys missed you come here
woman oh my god you guys gotta go see ya
oh it feels so good to be home and Zeke
is huge
he is shockingly big like when I saw him
like oh my gosh
but getting so big he is definitely
bigger definitely tell look at him I
mean he's almost taller than rock card
face all right listen up you ready okay
we're gonna give you underwear and by
the time daddy leaves again on Monday
you're gonna be potty trained I have to
head back to New York on Monday to go to
the Tribeca shot on vlog in the air
you be quiet I'm gonna hang Oh
you vlogging here bro hey hey rock card
come here check it out no more diapers
for you okay look what Mommy has he'll
be a big boy our underwear check those
out dude
Zeke you're not being up like that it's
Batman
yeah do you wanna wear 20 go put them on
right now let's go put them on we're
gonna take your diaper on drew they're
obviously favoring Roger I don't think
it's fair that Zeke and getting
underwear I'll remedy that Ziggy's got
underwear is more like it
back to the vlog all right buddy this is
a big moment your life you're gonna
start using the underwear you're gonna
go peepee and potty in the toilet like
Daddy kay okay you want Batman it's
gonna be the one that he wants to wear
doesn't wanna wear the hood all right so
that's my goal as a father I'm gonna
make sure that he's potty-trained before
I leave on Monday to go to New York
let's begin I call you to clean up the
first five messes and then I'll do all
the ones after that Oney
baloney bull crap in his underwear
there's spider-man that's so cool
this dog is getting huge Wow okay turn
around
happy big Zilla look at my butt he did
he said so gung ho oh my babies
well let's go make another baby come on
get the second daddy's been gone for a
while oh hey Rock guard hang out with
Zeke me and mommy are gonna oh really
do it hahaha I'm just kidding seriously
take your pants off I can't leave
without it but I can sing gonna get so
beautiful where did you learn that I
love it
well are you excited to see daddy yes
yes yes Hakan okay but listen dad is
hiding in the house somewhere so you
guys need to find him
is it a harpist I have no idea he
wouldn't tell me where he was gonna hide
oh it's a true race if you find a few
stay with him I don't think it's
starting it's just a few find him you're
the first one that finds it don't you do
it oh yeah you can tell once you find
him say I found him I don't know we
could do it sardines try to hide with
them yeah yeah stop okay sardine style
okay guys go find your daddy you're a
long love daddy right I can't keep up
where's daddy we're looking for dad
where'd he go there's a little stinker
but I'm impressed if you get fit in
there ya know he's out there scared to
carries him rocked I found him he went
hey hey hi dad
got an open mic at all I got a note from
oh that's ready
thank you see you very well there we go
ii suppose i love you oh i miss you guys
yeah i saw you guys in this kennel I
wanted item Oh what are you doing what
you can do it you can smell yourselves
good boy good boy
I look good I love you're doing a bloody
room look what my mom bought me pinewood
derby car set I'm gonna bill Oh dad you
know shaycarl I'll see what we got here
oh we got a touch block that dude yes
about that time again time to spawn
derby action excited okay we got get the
sandpaper and you got to sand the crap
out of this and we have to decide on
what color you want to paint it what are
you thinking this year remember what
color we did last year we did the red
racing stripe so gotta figure out a
color that you want to do have some
wheels on there
dude you gotta win this year yeah I put
some weights on there dude we're gonna
give this thing steroids Kay don't tell
anybody I've seen steroids I got for my
buddy when it's Armstrong we're gonna
jecht it into this car and you're gonna
win every race okay okay listen okay
alright it has to be gun my husbandly
duty of fulfilling my pregnant wife
slightly cravings my baby wants glazed
doughnuts my baby gets glazed doughnuts
so she'll get a little extra mommy
sometimes you like a little extra mommy
cuz I love the mommy so I like more
extra ever anyways
Colette's like I really want some donuts
and I'll go get yourself so I'm gonna
hook her up
love you guys I'm so glad to be home it
feels so good just to be with my family
and in my truck and in my apartment I'm
so happy to be home I love you guys see
you tomorrow
it seems many of you were enamored by
yesterday's end slate so as the editor I
have decided to include a few clips of
set in slate enjoy
daddy I miss you
please come home Hey go on I can't wait
to see your movie can't wait
she movies I love you guys you say you
guys click on yesterday's video good day
fish bebo click on the mystery video
hey BAE baebae ow I play with Zeke I
play Sheik
I love mommy now mommy thanks for
watching the videos take not babe hours
daddy come home daddy come oh say give
me kisses give me keys chase hey guys
mmm okay see you tomorrow hey Maya
I love you daddy hey I love you yeah you
that is some PDF and P right there
ladies and gentlemen it's the PDF and of
all the pdnm F and this ifs is pretty
darn precious if you haven't been here
for a while so I'm home it feels so good
be back my wife and kids I'm so glad
that I am home I'm only home for five
days because I have to head back to New
York I get a really cool opportunity to
do a red carpet thing at the Tribeca
Film Festival so I'm headed back to New
York on Monday to do that check out
yesterday's vlog if you're feeling lucky
click on the lucky button and
interesting I was setting up the
annotations for yesterday's vlog and in
the four years of go to video today is
when I very very first flew out to Los
Angeles to do my first brand deal with
Danny and Lisa and that's when we first
started talking about the idea for maker
studios so if you click on the four year
ago button today that is exactly the day
four years ago that maker Studios began
and it's so cool to be able to go back
and see all that history
hey I know I know see you tomorrow
