I love you the most daddy but your beard
is awesome and your kids are awesome and
your wife is
hey guys so today tonight this evening
we're making beef stew it's my mom's
recipe I am going to try it first and
see if I did an okay job and then I'll
tell you guys the recipe next time okay
okay I was craving it though so I'm
super excited that we're making it
tonight and shakin about I can't wait
I'm super excited for Jay to come home
the kids have been helping me clean the
house how does it look
kids hmm what but it still looks clean
dude I mean other than that rocks hard
got that out but I think it looks good
and we're setting the table yay
and the the glass is a little messy but
that's rock cards fault you booger boy
hey are you excited to see dad tomorrow
all right we just wrapped with John
Green there is a flip cam so I was
coming around
yeah I saw the old fashioned flip camera
yeah we just finished with John really
cool stuff that we got done and dude
this documentary icebox it's so funny as
we do these interviews because they'll
be like lines that people will say
during the interview that's like BAM
that is going in the movie right there
like John's entire yeah I know I'm like
how are we gonna cut anything but when
you're in a movie and someone gives that
dramatic line you hear that thud yeah
it's called a mammoth hit that we had
many mammoth hits the entire John Green
was a mammoth hit of a no go on about
you have to say it yeah we are gonna you
we're gonna cut to John Green footage
quite often and you're gonna be our you
know like the expert but anyways
finished wrapped here in Indianapolis
the crews headed to Chicago I'm gonna
fly back to LA and make out with my wife
I'm coming home baby let's get it oh hey
can you tell daddy you love him say hi
Daddy
oh really
what would baby charts say I don't know
you're gonna think about it we'll come
back - yes yes
okay don't tell that I love you I home
safely I wanna say I'm we gotta go to
scout so we got to eat our beef stew and
go to Scout Yogurtland with the girls
probably not it's a school night Indians
looking for an Instagram shot trying to
find a good Instagrammer we just wrapped
with John and we just decided to go on a
little nature hike look at this crap
please you guys could I just ask you
from the bottom of my heart don't be
this kind of person don't be that dude
come on don't be that chick that does
this just you know I mean somebody
definitely is like I don't I don't have
to deal with this you know they all just
throw it on the ground the epitome of
lazy slash white trash slash scumbag
slash you know selfishness just don't be
that person if you have a piece of trash
you are responsible for that piece of
trash find a receptacle be a grown-up be
a good person I believe in you you can
do it okay here it is there's the
finished product I remember as a kid I
loved this recipe that my mom would make
so hopefully it turns out good if it
does I will make it for you guys and
teach you the recipe it will be so
exciting
right okay come on we gonna say prayer
good boy good job see he's getting
better pretty soon huh good city without
giving treats good bullet good ok what's
the consensus over here oh my gosh and
giving the kids puck
you're not eating bitter you're playing
around you guys like it well go sit down
your booger good I'm glad you guys like
it I'm regretting my little-ass decision
to sprinkle a little bit more salt and I
think it's a little too salty but I like
it if you guys get on a very important
minutes post or if you go I want to we
just put a blog we just put a
vlogbrothers I live we just watched in
person as John published this video on
saw inside North Korea and Orick moment
that's a very historic moment who knows
in three days from now North Korea
cannot even exist as just watching
people post video I guarantee you I
guarantee you there's a lotta people
like what's it like with John Green
posted it artists reviews there you go
now I'm nervous hold on I don't know if
it's really public you got a refresh
they had all just 301 I don't think it's
really public yet or many people are
stopped watching everybody unsubscribe
hey probably did something stupid on't
want them in the documentary anymore we
actually watched you post your video as
well all right we got a minute we got
yours I think we're good all right there
you go you're good they're coming in hey
guys so I figured out one of the reasons
why my stew was super salty
I actually doctored it up a little bit
so it's not as bad now it's actually
very good I was counting the bouillon
cube packages when I was cleaning it up
a rock-hard slipped in two extra bullion
cubes because he loves cooking I saw
he's gonna be a chef because he
absolutely loves to cook with me every
time I'm at the kitchen he's like what
are we making what are we making I'm
making it too he put extra bullion cubes
in and I'm pretty sure he sprinkled some
extra Sawin oh I love that kid he's
hilarious
unfortunately his creation wasn't
perfect so I fixed it's been
crazy crazy week I'm super excited for
Shay to come home tomorrow
overall we've done good I feel like I
actually get more done when Shay's gone
because I'm not focused on like hanging
out with him that's the bad thing about
him being at home and editing at home as
I'm kind of like in his ear all the time
like hi Annie what are you doing anyways
there was two things that I wanted to
tell you guys um I I had a little
incident yesterday you know how we were
all at the pet store we got six shots
and all that stuff well I had got him a
few things like a chew toy and some dog
treats to train him and stuff have you
ever done this because I do it whenever
I'm pregnant
I call it pregnancy brain I know you
ladies out there who I've ever been
pregnant know what I'm talking about
it's like something in your brain just
kind of goes back it's gone and you
don't have it until you have the baby
and then it's back and you're like oh I
can think clearly now I went to the
store bought this stuff I paid for it
swiped my card pushed okay and walked
out the door and left the bag of stuff
at the store I didn't realize it until I
got home and I'm looking around I'm like
where's that stuff I want to give Secord
of those two toys it was fun it was at
the store so that was one of my
pregnancy brain moments and when I was
pregnant with I can't remember which
child it was but I lost my keys I was
looking everywhere I'm like where are my
keys I swear I just had them oh I can't
find them guess where I found him in the
refrigerator that's a perfect pregnant
woman place to find your keys in the
free refrigerator anyways so I'm sure
that I will have a lot more pregnancy
brain moments that I will share with you
guys they'll be fun trust me I'm sure
they'll be great
that day I miss you go away she will
feel I die joke let's be bunk face
barrier baby ow I played a sheep around
mommy pig not be bells Debbie come Oh
give me kisses
hey my dog are you
