I'm so guilty of replaying moments in my
head and wondering what I should have
done a say
but that one was perfect with your hand
resting on my back to calm my trembling
breath before I walked away and swore
that I'd forget but I could not forget
another beautiful beginning to the first
day of the rest of our lives it's
goodbye maker studios and YC we
appreciate all your hospitality so we're
off today we stayed here for a couple
days it was beautiful I watched the Sun
Rise today it was gorgeous
I loved it so now we're headed to go to
John Green Tim Duggan's tweet you guys
want to do games hate telling me anyway
so we're leaving to make your apartment
by maker apartment Oh last thing
somebody at the gathering where the
concert gave us this they drew this
picture of Taylor Swift and Britta
started baby tart I'm gonna leave it
here cuz every time I come back here
it'll remind me cuz I am coming back
here in like five days so I'm just gonna
leave it on the fridge
Baker Studios has this apartment just if
any time there's ever a youtuber or
people are doing business with come into
town they can stay here so it's like the
place that we just keep just for anybody
who's in New York because hotels are
really expensive here so we just have
this place so people can say I think
it'll be funny if people come in to stay
here they're gonna see this random
picture on the fringe of me like what's
this all about
it's my daughter's and Taylor swifty
what do you think we should get Kate to
Rachel for his birthday this week oh
that's cool huh
really hard taking him through the class
knowing that it's not for him huh it's
for gage how are the kids gonna be they
just gonna be sighs what do you think
you're only buying stuff for gage for
his birthday but retard really wants all
this stuff everything hopefully this
will be a good learning experience for
him that we give and we don't just focus
on getting all the time
yeah you got your spoons and then we'll
get gage a present huh pick it up these
are his favorite spoons in the world he
loves these spoons and Zeke chewed up
his last one so we got him some new
spoon time okay this minutes
well we found what we're getting forget
Church one of them's for Rutgers I
couldn't read this so that I wanted to
play with it dude
careful don't pop them then we won't get
to give anything to them actually we did
get on this you can see it I'm Iron Man
toy and a big ball good birthday yeah
who's that for
what's it for who's it for whose
birthday is it
thank you yeah that's for gage hon
that's not yours okay you got to sit
down though so you don't file okay sit
down boom I am Union so before we take
off on our ten-hour I think it's a 12
hour bus ride van ride we're gonna come
and grab some juice from the juice bar
juice juice bar and the juice bars
oh okay so Tim Deegan has attached a
GoPro to the front of our van and check
this technology out he has an app on his
telephone that lets us see what the
camera sees what should I call his
rotary device so that is the footage
that is being recorded right now on the
front of the menu oh this is not a
minivan that's what I Drive on with my
kids this is a giant van
and now we're gonna get a time-lapse
through New York City can be beautiful
from here all the way to Indianapolis
okay it's that time in every puppies
life or he's gotta move it shot seek are
you excited
no he's not excited he's excited he cuz
he's out of the car he's not excited for
about what's to happen right so you just
saw she does not like driving he wins
the entire time we're in the car someday
he'll probably learn to like it but
right now he's it that is a cool
motorbike sickle VRP burp look at that
thing it's comfortable yeah do that's
like a snowmobile slash four-wheeler do
you Mike my camera's tripping man that's
the straight trippin it's like drunk as
I turn the camera it like it's trying to
catch up with itself right I'm trying to
use the flip again I don't know if it's
gonna work magic
we're in nowhere or we don't know where
we are Pennsylvania right outside of
Pittsburgh getting a Cracker Barrel get
some buttermilk Wilson buttermilk
biscuits get some butter some honey
no thanks good oh yeah but you'll find
there's some smell so many sights so
many tripping things and stuff yeah
there's there a lot of dogs in here huh
where are they ready give me that dog to
play with think how big he is I wonder
if the way way him today 50 pounds
doesn't really like it but he's 50
pounds guys he's huge already crapples
I think that's even one baby tard I
think it is - he's super heavy and so I
think we're gonna start training at
first our puppy training my have been
training in my home but like official
training classes I think we should do
that what do you guys think what do you
think what is what I'm really bored so I
made a paper airplane out of this oh oh
oh dear who's still here attack this he
Kayla tired for a little bit behind on
seats shot so he's getting three shops
today we were just on the ice 50 pounds
I think that's crazy
he's heavy Patti said that so happens my
pregnant brain dude what are you doing I
don't know you machete
did he kill you can you bite your tongue
are you bleeding internally
Oh brotherly love brotherly love
are we having you that's so true
yeah 2:00 a.m. we've been in the van all
day we just made a quick trip around the
park you know yeah felt good heart
beating honk righto
okay so handsome right now at 2:00 in
the morning dinner and she waits too
long to make dinner baby heart is hot
dog bun with jelly and Bryn starts
eating cold leftover spaghetti in a cup
at least they can fend for themselves
one of those nights where I had this
plan in my mind I'm gonna make my mom's
beef stew it sounds so good I have all
the ingredients I've got him all this
all cut up and then we spent an extra
half an hour at Zeke's appointment which
I wasn't planning on and then I came
home and I reread the recipe and
realized it takes two 45 minute segments
simmering not just one 45 minute segment
so I'm like oh well we can't wait that
long so now I'm going through the
kitchen try to figure out what else I
could make quickly the kids have decided
for themselves what's the big deal who
cares right we're so hungry you know
you're so starving cuz your mother will
feed you
hey guys my new waffle maker don't touch
it I splurged I got a waffle maker I've
been craving bottles and I was like you
know I'm just gonna instead of spending
all my money I hope I'm going to get a
waffle maker it's what I have to do this
cuz if you're having a baby and I serve
retreat me a more better okay stop with
the bobblehead okay who's not real
you're doing this with your earth no you
don't have the bobblehead down you got
to keep your shoulders still just move
the head no no she's gotta watch her
dose kind of but do it from side to side
like that there you go
see we know it we don't know what how
great comes with the sass when you got
sets you get the
nice try
I think it's a girl thing we come with
like the separate joints in our necks
just so we can do that this is our plan
B okay you're stuck no I guess we'll
just have to leave you there yes I'll
see you later later it's just I need
some help I get out
hello be rock hard careful don't fall
you put stuck should I help them or just
let them figure it out
seems are you doing alright good job
this is our fun B I Kate we're at
Rubio's Oh mommy tard oh wait did you
say oh well okay right oh hell why not
look kids I'm jumping on the bed for you
I miss you guys I'll see you tomorrow
who can I tell it to
no some things are better left just
bottled in the bottom of my
so or I could ride it
and though the crowd will sing along nay
might wonder if it's written from
experience sir
