but your beard is awesome
and your kids are awesome
and your wife is
oh say
alright we just finished Jill is on set
here at a hey I'm vlogging here industry
as soon as say hey it's not it's just
dude I've been saying hey I'm vlogging
here last four years
so you're my what's the dude the Sean
Parker yeah Sean Parker your micron
Parker John okay I'm vlogging vlogging
here alright we just wrapped it was
really good she had some really good
stuff to say crowd oh great shot thank
you well this is the setup we're here in
the maker studios apartment there you go
you're in straight Aires vlog you better
thumbs this one up that was two thumbs
up check Jill's channel out she does
prank videos I do all kinds of things
beauty things prank videos yeah go watch
it I was really funny in it so yeah
there are some weird people on YouTube
who search for feeling you're weird and
if you're sitting there right now
thinking like show me to betray no okay
I bet you there's people who are loving
what I like painted my toenails yeah
yeah you haven't painted your toenails
Oh weird
no weird there's a dude named Gary in
Indiana who's 43 who's like been pissed
at me because I haven't painted my
toenails listen Gary I'll send you pics
later all right thanks for coming gel
appreciate high-five
getting ready to go for the show there's
a soundtrack which are weird ladies out
here chief waiter sir BYU go Mormons
high five through the glass through the
glass
like I said before
alright so we just wrapped on Travis and
now he's showing his nipples to
everybody line it up for the show I kind
of also got this time we the keys
hi everybody I'm gonna stay this day
loves him
all these huge artists and where does
where the man next door you know where
I got my Jordans on playing a little we
the kings basketball here I don't know
if you guys know this I'm just playing
some hoops with number five out top out
mine iTunes and all the world right now
hit that three all out of it you how to
put you to number one if you'd hit that
three bro I just want to say thank you
to Shay and all of you guys out there
for doing that for us
I have no musical talent in my body at
all and Travis said all of the hard but
you know what I felt Shay story and I
felt like you know who's your inspire
his life where he just I needed to just
keep bravely and then he did it go
download this song if you haven't by now
what's your freak the prob go down
little Kevin go dunk on their faces bye
and now it's time for everybody's
favorite game show how many shades
hearts will fit in a giant kettle we've
got one two three oh there's all of us
wait for five six seven plus the baby 20
where are you wait one two three four
five six seven with the baby hey we
missed I bet we can say oh hey the
cameras ate a little confused a shoebox
we did it this thing is ginormous you
know what we won't we'll just have to
eat these which one will we eat first
no should we eat first you guys
you know what I think I think Zeke's
gonna grow out of this within the next
couple months what do you guys think
okay let's try to unlock it let's see if
we can unlock it yay we made it out
rocked hard doesn't think it was so much
fun though
y-you don't like the nozzles well good
thing we're not making you stay in the
kennel a little baby you little baby
did you want to say hi to dad - hi dad
dad love you dad happy day
look at this thing it takes up like the
whole bedroom the whole half of the
bathroom it is majestic a very majestic
kennel and the funny thing is I truly
think that he will grow out of it he
will either like get too tall for it or
a little bit too long but hopefully by
the time that happens he will be ready
to stay in the house by himself without
chewing stuff up or pooping or peeing
everywhere so that's the goal I'm so
glad we got it for him he loves it all
right here's the big moment I've always
wanted to be in like the dressing room
right before a band without onstage
weird about yet we just have a bunch of
food much food Jackson Harris is eating
lettuce for computers big cameras traps
is doing is pretty hair just do our hair
because there's thousands of kids out
there like waiting for these guys
pushing to get a quest seriously we ever
did we were playing like like a chess
game or we're all playing checkers right
before your Rock Show that time this is
a family show I warned you about rap all
right yeah ready all right rock and roll
download the new single just keep it
okay we're backstage we the Kings is
about to go on check this out here's all
their in-ear mics I know dude look a
romantic that a trial for a picture of
him and Ally you're the best you're the
best husband ever
yeah
walking wrong
no don't be weird dude don't be weird
about it why do you yeah I don't know
anyways we're done with Charles and we
the Kings for the documentary so I'm
probably gonna see him I wish you would
move to quell speech we're getting in
the van we're headed back to New York
thanks man see ya I love you come here
give me kiss
give me kiss okay so I just got done
kissing an old man and now I found okay
tell him the story okay
I'm Sarah and I've been watching Shay
since about 2008 to seven when Phil gave
the first shout out when philip defranco
gave me a first shout out she was there
and came and you subscribed right to
which channel to the shay carl shaycarl
channel I'm testing you to make sure
that you're not making this up that one
wasn't right the straight hearts
wouldn't even exist I remember that so
you know specifically when all those
like subscribers started pouring in and
just like refreshing my channel like
every hour I mean like all that this
like look at all these people are
subscribing and like seeing that number
jumped this you were one of those you
were one of those people that I was
sitting there and like freaking out
about not wearing your hoodie I know
what's up with that
where's your shake all merchandise she
gave me she did give me a nice letter
and this is for the new baby it's a gift
card for Babies R Us thank you so much
all right nice to meet you thank you you
being the vlog so he turned thumbs this
one up but anyway alright here we are
now gel New York City at the Times where
the city of never sleeps this is Rihanna
who are you in we've been down here
before have you been down here before
yes so this is Sam and Rihanna's first
time in Times Square what do you think
bride yeah it's like daytime I told them
I told them I told them so we're gonna
meet Cory down here and we just sided
come walk around and just see the sights
look what what should I do
right as I pulled up two times where I
go welcome to Times Square the city that
never sleeps and he said because are you
on the radio I said I used to be ready
to deejay but I said that was nice they
can say and here's the Statue of Liberty
they moved it it wasn't the harbor but
oh don't tell anybody
the secret okay my bad I apologize dude
this is so cool every time I come down
here you guys what do you think try
switch to this camera I'm using Tim's
flip right equipment broke so Tim Deegan
hooked me up
go tell Tim Deegan thank you on Twitter
yes him underscore Deegan pizza let me
use his flip camera hey it's got to go
up right there yeah this log must live
on
five bucks that my bucks
okay listen if you beat me I'll give you
ten I so excited he lives wait
lips weights you guys you don't mess
with elbow at Times Square that's less
learn ladies and gentlemen you guys I
just lost an Elmo a Sesame Street
character doll it's totally like Alfie
Dumbo look pretty cool did you left be
honest lift weights dude I want to see
you with your shirt off take your shirt
off real quick
Elmo's Bob let me fill these dude his
guts for you you sounded too eager the
second I said of Hewitt I'll give you
ten bucks again ok ok this guy's like a
professional arm wrestlers during the
day and Elmo at night good job here you
win you got ten bucks Jim oh shoot you
got change Elmo give me change I'm not
giving you more than 10 like egos hurt
that you just kicked my butt in front of
all these people you guys I'm a lot
stronger than that normally I didn't get
a lot of sleep last night it's looking
everything we're doing drug deals and
arm wrestling down here in Times Square
you only got five all right you deserve
it jerk I hate you I'm never watching
Sesame Street again gentlemen I think
we've all learned a very valuable lesson
today and that is you do not f with an
Elmo in Times Square okay that dudes
jacked then we're having a blast out
here on the road making this movie I
cannot wait to show this thing to you
guys we have over a hundred interviews
almost like 200 hours of footage tell me
about it what are we gonna cut out of
this thing two and a half terabytes of
footage on our hard drives I don't know
how we're gonna make this into a
90-minute movie we've gotten so many
good interviews and so much good footage
for this movie it's gonna be amazing
I miss my wife and kids so much I'm
gonna be back in LA on Wednesday but
first we're driving up to John Green's
house to interview him about his success
about VidCon about his book The Fault in
Our Stars it's a New York Times best
seller John Green was just on the Craig
Ferguson show The Late Late Show talking
about his book
there to interview him for the
documentary and I can't wait to hear all
that he has to say about YouTube about
the community and about all of this
stuff I love you guys I appreciate you
guys watching these videos and being a
part of our lives it has been such an
amazing ride check out yesterday's vlog
oh man
the kids I was watching the kids that
makes me metal melt my heart man they're
singing just keep breathing and manly
missiles guys check out the mystery
video I'll just tell you what it is me
and Charles and Travis formerly the
Kings we shot a skit that's pretty funny
it was a last minute idea that we shot
check that out and then watch what we
were doing one year ago two lyrical
three years ago four years ago right
there in middle get some shake Karl
merchandise when I meet you guys quit
we're all this Charles Trippy crap
alright I love you guys I'll see you
tomorrow
