yeah baby died
happy Sunday and sometimes it's very
nice to see what's he wants to be nice
to the people downstairs because you
know if I jump it will probably be like
five elephants jumping I'm just saying
we don't want to be like five elephants
fuzzy we don't want five elements
jumping on the ground you know we don't
know we don't go happy Sunday you guys
I'm doing the one take today Shay's in
New York we miss him to death like to
death we're gonna die because we miss
him too so so much but I think that
we'll survive because he's coming home
soon anyways today was General
Conference the Church of Jesus Christ of
latter-day saints and we are members of
the drinks so we marched conference what
you want to be on the vlog whoa whoa
whoa are you telling daddy you miss him
he misses you so much I miss you so much
dad so we watch Congress today it was
awesome I cried like a bee
I normally cry a little bit at
conference but I cried a lot because I
have a baby in my belly and it makes me
cry okay I'm watching one more time
that's it oh yeah we found a nice and
shanty okay okay last time hard time
last time ready don't catch him you know
who come out of you great job dude great
job so anyways we watched General
Conference and now we're making cookies
because we're going to Casey and Caylee
us for dinner I don't know what they're
making but I'm excited cuz every time I
eat at Casey and Kaylie's we both can
cook like crazy mad crazy people
especially their sleep case
c'mon said cut and I was craving craving
craving yesterday
Kaylee's cheddar vegetable chowder that
she makes on her YouTube's if you
haven't seen it go check it out I didn't
make it though because I didn't want to
go to the store with all the kids and
buy all the stuff to make it but I'm
free to get so much anyways it's three
sticks of butter but it's so good it's
so worth it if you ever want to splurge
it's a great weight has cheese wins so
here's our cookies have made and nothing
fancy there just like that the Toll
House or Pillsbury one of those brands
and we did make some sugar-free brownies
for son tard but everybody's sort of
devoured those super good for being
sugar-free I was impressed so we all in
wrap the aftertaste because you're not
used to richness anymore you have much
sugar so you're like whoa whoa that's
too much for me well too much for me and
I wanted to update you guys are you okay
are you like trying not to cry I'm
filming you because that really looked
like a hurt dude I wish that I was
filming you though I mean no offense but
I wish that I had the camera turned and
that looks really gnarly oh my goodness
we're crazy here oh no oh my gosh it
totally busted oh sorry
alright it happens that's what happens
when you try to jump over chairs and
stuff keep practicing
so anyways I'm two months along I don't
I haven't been to the doctor yet okay so
I don't know exactly like how things are
going but I feel like I basically just
felt bad I feel sick so I need they're
eating too much or in pregnant I'm
pretty sure that I'm just eating too
much I'm not really pregnant thanks guys
I'm not pregnant okay
I'm pregnant but yeah so I yeah I
haven't been to the doctor yet I'm
feeling okay I do feel kind of sick
during the days like oh grandma did you
put your middle finger up in a video me
Bears this happens this happens I know
to me every time I'm trying to update
you guys on the baby the kids start
acting up is this like a sign that they
don't want another baby in the house do
I have too many kids
well it's been fun alright that those
choices for us to choose and we have to
make the right choices to be obedience
and he was talking about when he was
eight years old
a campfire they're gonna be in this tall
dry grass field but but Thomas Monson he
thought we need to get rid of the grass
so we have room for it to build a
campfire so he thought let's light it on
fire right like did I decide to do
that so what did he learn from that he
learned that there's choices for us to
make and we should believe that just we
should be obedient right
we shouldn't especially where the things
that we know we shouldn't do good stuff
it was really good today wasn't it yep
and I was proud of her actually that
watched a lot of it with me I usually
don't expect the kids to I just say you
know whatever I would like you to come
in and watch with me but if you don't
want to I understand because it's the
kid it's hard to focus but he really did
he watched a lot of it with me out
but anyways that we love you guys happy
Sunday I hurry and I know you're
boarding I hope you guys have a great
week
find something good to do this week so I
mean you can do for somebody else and I
promise you that's gonna make you feel
good inside and rocker I'm gonna do this
gummy bear dance for you guys oh one
more thing you guys tell me have you
guys heard the new song I can find it
for you when they first announced that
they were releasing and I was like oh
this is gonna be good because all the
way the kids are really good especially
I was I was very I mean it's just just
go listen to it cuz I can't explain how
much I like it here it is here it is
alright it's called just keep breathing
and it's about suicide I know that she
talks about it but if you haven't heard
yet it's worth going to hear because it
makes you happy
we're still learning the words I'm gonna
get back up and sing gummy bears dude
breathing breathing down there and just
keep breathing
Yukie old no all right we're leaving you
with this message of hope and love and
laughter we love you we love life truly
justkeep
whoa
whoa
oh just keep breathing breathing and
breathe
