hi I'm logging here hello I am right now
in front of Kevin else's house I have
been watching this house five years I do
where yeah well you got one of those
I cannot all I can you ollie let's see
ya best master all these don't kill
yourself nice dude I could never all
never get it for some reason I never got
the timing down nice dude it's not a bad
ollie ready here push me back on the go
and push your pass Maxim I'm gonna push
it to kV good push off just go back
don't let go
Yeah right look around dude as this line
in the Frye yard so awesome only an elf
can you zip line in the front yard and
rope swing this is a good kids
dream paradise he's going for the swing
ladies and gentlemen nice there he goes
are you an igloo baby are you a new baby
yes we're back at the pet store hey hey
doggy
what is it Auggie say what no food
before back at the pet store Zeke has
grown out of his kennel already he is
just too long and he's getting too tall
for it so I'm gonna get the largest one
they have so that Z can fit comfortably
he's gonna be a little bit small for
this one but he's gonna grow into a
really fast another lizard no I don't
yeah it's weird
don't quick-charge Sikh would eat him
boss look he wants to play with you
look it what is he swimming be taking a
nice bath huh like the lizard on
rescuers it's a general job you gentle
your this my way down your boy and how
do I do it music trees down put your
knees down I'll catch you like this yeah
yeah yeah I think I was ready I like
seen this but no looking to do it also
know you wanna add that oh man yeah pick
one of your characters to be as you're
following how you doing sir how you
doing can I start from this position
yeah make it a shoe a shoe skull no that
was not one of your shoes I don't wear
black sold shoes it's a rule it's so
good that Jim Shay Carl don't you did
this up I don't know we like me yeah I'm
freaking it was he trying to nobody
let's get you know you want good
footage look hit shapes eating okay I'll
feed another see you might do the chrono
I will kiss your lips all
those on your ear you can figure out how
to get that general looks do why aren't
you holding a hurdle hiding the turtle
words oh look at him dude she's like
yeah yeah yeah like they're kicking
somebody's happy to where I don't watch
one I've done that on YouTube watch
scene then yeah nice your real question
your will just do anything in my stomach
yeah the hassles so you really gotta do
yeah dude I coulda got you to do that
I'm still holding the turtle ha ha ha
there we go
who's our my diabetes lock
Janek vet David yes yeah like some if I
swallowed I would yeah Oh guys are your
mouth part wrong for the turtle shells
max beyond your your back no Joe isn't
be so good yeah I'm where you're that
election challenge Oh which one's your
blog my blog this is the father of
vlogging you guys this guy taught me
everything I know I know right you'd
like to see my videos check them out
like this annotation right here yeah
yeah a boobie annotation Joe do you know
what I wonder what Caleb's doing right
now
baby let's cut to you and the kids so we
finally got our favorite it's magnitude
and he's got his favorite friend I know
we need to eat cuz we're eating
deliciousness
I was trying to be healthy and I was
like you know what I see or I'm crazy
right that's my excuse every time
hey hey you got a blow on your food keep
it up cute silly dude big love you I
love you don't tell me all the comments
like share just leaves his wife with
four kids and have new puppy and she's
pregnant he's like hanging out with all
his friends on the easy close face I
can't honestly not wrong that's like
that's what's happening literally yeah
what are you saying a funny beats I beat
my children don't not kids I love you
back in the day when I very first
started an alts wrote like what was like
a 40 page book or something yeah yeah
yeah it's like an e-book that was free
online and I remember the night that I
sit up to like three in the morning
reading that entire thing and saying I'm
doing exactly what this book says and I
said that for years this guy gave all
the tips before anybody knew what
YouTube was why and I have a turtle oh
wait let's get it boy throw out it Shay
our I Love You Man Shay is just the same
in real life as he is on YouTube there's
some people that are different in real
life okay your nose for five minutes
we've fallen down the stairs yeah worms
10 pukes
I have on I think you bought one yeah I
think you have a good look looks like
yeah one even better you can see
yourself in the Library of Congress
there you all are
I was so proud of that picture too cuz I
was like my DJ picture yeah yeah yeah I
remember this first came out I like
what's flipping through the pages like
where my where my were there right there
dude there I am
who else is in here working can you
still get this book yes yeah this is
like the history of youtubers
transiently
that's why mr. Gus Benson and there's
been all bad bets and mediocre films
ain't clear cuz even had that much hair
back then honey this is a walk down
running threateningly
who you met for the first yeah remember
you didn't want to go see him that was
out they were filming
I'll commercial yeah you're like ah
that's the first time I met Edie
- weird me and Charles we'll talk about
that you know let's pranked us he goes
hey I want to do this video with you
guys so we go to this gas station he
dresses us up in all of this like what
it was like costumes I think I was a
chicken and Charles at this bear suit on
it was their dresses something the null
just leaves us on the corner gas station
oh yeah and wrastlin yeah laughing
hysterically a video and so today I'm
going to pick up some popular youtubers
I'm gonna be able to convince them I
think to get into ridiculous outfits you
can be the cow or the chicken I want I
want nipples
this goes on Shay let me get out of the
street wait'll he gets a cow outfit on
and then absolutely no idea that I'm
about to drive off leaving them and you
skip it out this
you think this is a joke yeah what even
gets funny leave it's in downtown
Philadelphia dress someone get down boy
we're just standing there like what do
we do but at the same time we're like we
just got pranked by null yeah it was
like 90 degrees of me hot dangerous
I remember I was sweating and I was 100
pounds heavier so all sweaty anyways
check out Nelson's book do you guys
really want to like get serious about
YouTube recopy free copies for everybody
else everybody gets a break you get a
free copy and you'll get a free copy
everybody yeah yeah go for the open book
club okay we just wrapped on another
shoe with Mike Falzone show me your book
this guy's an author coming in from your
butt you show me your butt Mike see it
the best part about this guy has a great
gluteus so I keep my books what a
coincidence so Mac Falzone never stop
shutting up hilarious book comedian
author musician hilarious dude and also
a fan of Johnny Cupcakes
yeah which I'm a huge fan of and they
like your stuff that's my old school oh
that's not Johnny Cupcakes probably hit
me rough do not edit that out
I can't remind me of a cupcake it's like
the coffee cup I didn't look cool
properly you know steal ideas from you
give this is a studio though and it's
amazing and what is the funniest thing I
seen in here karma test good luck
that's what it refills there earlier
there were key Karma themselves you know
what I'm addicted to this song Charles
Trippy is new single just keep breathing
is imbedded into my brain I feel like
this song is gonna like in the six
months from now we're gonna listen to
song again and like have all these
memories of like being arrested with
prankvsprank being a Mike Falzone studio
and like traveling through New York and
Philadelphia New Jersey I want to hear
just to stick yeah yeah Derek and piano
piano I hear you on that one you guys
have not downloaded Charles Trippy we
the kings new single just keep breathing
obviously I haven't listened to it
enough guys guys I think are almost
getting sick of me because I have put it
on repeat like I just haven't want to
stop I just let it run just keep
breathing breathing breathing OH
so good man music man just moves you
have like that nostalgia you're right
chrono
it looks trim just keep breathing
breathing breathing yesterday 29 others
like 69 cents but it's even like half
off I I think he said there was a glitch
and it's like 29 cents not a good it
might be at 99 cents now but even if
it's at 99 cents come on it's a dollar
that will in some will change your life
people go listen to it and then go
subscribe to Mike Falzone okay feeling
okay we're in the magical world of
Sontag land are you excited
it's centered for the longest time has
been dying to come to this comic book
store every time we are in area he sees
it he's like mom go there please we're
here but he had to clean his room really
good and helped me a lot around the
house of course he's gonna use his own
money to buy whatever you want so
there's a lot of nice things in here and
a lot of expensive things but there's
some fun thing footie binding can't buy
anything that's right go work it we can
afford it look at this stuff oh so fun
look at this he really liked this book
it's the whole like book of comic 50
bucks hello
it's just wonderful my goodness this is
the coolest thing I've ever seen
I don't know what it does but it looks
like it plays like oh my gosh that's
cool don't want to see how it works is
there drums at slow working I want to
try that dad if I could get that for you
for your birthday I would so that's on
the counts right okay dude how much
money did you have from finding in the
Easter eggs six dollars and what you get
and I got two comics so comic look at
these these are classics $2.99 for
spider-man and The Invisible Girl
it used to be 40 cents this one was in
1979 was made in 1979 so this one is
spider-man and the Beast was made 1982 I
tend to get really bored and it was 60
cents so cool guys see those are
classics dude you got to hold on to
those for a long long time and they'll
be worth more money
I have kids office okay boards the shark
show us good boy geek you got a pet him
a lot and tell him good boy gotta tell
him good voice okay and pet him up yeah
make sure he knows that's good that's
good stuff cuz eventually will take away
the treats and he'll just need to learn
to sit good jazzy see we've been working
hard next he's gonna learn how to watch
me watch me teach the next I don't know
how to shake how to come when I call him
that's what I'm worried about most his
great games they grow so fast that if
like he takes off I am there's no way
I'm catching him so he needs to learn to
come when I call him maybe that will be
next he does it kind of but not if
there's other things involved reduce
drag me good boy good boy did it get
your fingers
the booth good-bye-ee
you
