we'd have it seemed so far away and
dreams are just a memory without the
dark and I will show remember that
you're not
I did it attababy I'm talking about take
a picture of somebody right log in here
alright so we're here at Lowe's getting
some rope while we get in rope Charles I
don't know if I can say what do we do
with the room pieces for the legs in
arms yeah yeah yeah well that's a little
hint there right there we're doing a
prank video it's gonna be on Jesse's
channel prank vs. prank this is a pretty
funny idea get more than you think we
need though yeah that's I'm doing yeah
yeah I don't want too much though what
do we get put this up how long no that's
it oh that's weird enough but shouldn't
we just wrap I'll go to wrap around a
whole by the whole body arms inside of
hands like this would it be easier just
to wrap the whole body that might be
funny just get two pieces but like a
little bit longer do whatever I feel
y'all okay let me see I see where looks
like we're proper personal protection
equipment when operating this equipment
I don't think we're qualified to be
doing this so qualified oh there's a
qualified associate we're just pulling
the ropes you resented her right yeah
yeah that's me enough to tire off put it
in the carpet I guarantee right there
how do we cut it this we just tell them
34 feet I remember our first time
cutting rope reel it up reel it up reel
it up that usually the most cliche rope
impossible it's perfect and it's perfect
for what we're doing James Bond movie
yeah alright so we got our rope we need
some tape and we're gonna go do a prank
where we gonna do this downtown Philly
Philly Center we're gonna go to the
rocky stairs oh yeah we should do it
there what's that a museum some users
are museum yeah what are we gonna put
this up dude what are you thinking
tomorrow this is YouTube you know each
other L I know man we want to get up as
soon as possible anyways we'll let you
know of course we'll be tweeting and
talking about it what no okay grabbing
lunch wrinkled pranks I did not what
needs coffee hey Jesse what kind of tips
do you want sock Jim
Todd but I'm going to die it's not gonna
have any dude these look good I'm gonna
try these they're doing 40 percent less
fat sun-dried tomato parmesan
alright we're setting the prank up right
now or getting our cameras in position
we have to go pros what else we have
crowd ohh - MC 300 I get three GoPros
three GoPros see 300 and a 5d mark 3 I'm
gonna get this shot or mark other
they've got cameras all over Cory is
good he does so here's what we're doing
it we go bro so we're calling this the
reverse kidnapper prank I don't know
what's gonna we're really curious where
you're talking about it the man we think
this is an interesting social experiment
it's it's one of these things where like
I'm genuinely curious to see how people
are gonna actually react with it so
here's the question Ally just proposed
this question she doesn't think us we're
gonna roll up with a mask on somebody's
head where's that on the man and we're
wondering if anybody will actually go
and touch the person to pull the mask
off their head where people will just be
like I ain't touching that that's a
question to you you guys know I love
that show what would you do and it's
like you know people are out in public
if you were sitting a bust off and
somebody this big white van pulled up
and four dudes jumped out drew a guy on
the ground like this and you just laying
there and we jump back in the bed would
you help them would you just leave it
what would you do now that I see it
maybe I reading about you like you're
tied up with your throat - so we're
gonna see who you're gonna see what
happens right now okay here we go round
two one two
we did it in front of a cop we did a
part of a cop but again for a few here
we go here we go here we go here we go
all right what's wrong
what I don't blame you we didn't study
very hard
zigzag zigzag okay wait I gotcha
wait what you did yeah oh hey
I'm very impressed because we didn't
study those ones at all did we
no I didn't with you anyways maybe you
did did you study him a little bit yeah
well good that's good
cool next is 8 then we here we go study
alright hold on
he's gonna figure it out I just know it
oh you'll get it you'll get it they
let's see it baby card oh nice good job
there's no way I could do that when I
was your age you guys got some my tips
for underwear you got those ya know here
we are at the rocky steps I'm about to
run up up ha dong dong dong dong dong
the of a tiger so he just got busted by
the cops as we're a kidnapping Magina
it was it's freaking me out cuz right as
we were running around the van and she
was tied up the cops came rolling up
with their lights flashing like hickory
dudes on bikes and a copper alley what
were you thinking alleys freaking the
whole van was freaking okay it was scary
cops were cool they let us off and they
only chased us three times which was
very generous of luck but you guys gotta
go check out this video it's gonna be on
a big horse prank my honor right now
Riley go check it out okay later now
we're gonna go run over the rock music
so hilarious the very first run of the
day we dropped off Jessie we threw him
out like he had just been kidnapped as
soon as he took off his mask what they
said I pulled off the hood ahem good it
is who they knew who he was review to he
was made immediately I'm not ashamed
doing Neil filming Charles I will want
you to get like a Devin Supertramp shot
I want you to be running next to me as
I'm running up there there you go just
like that just like that that need to
become like a verb dude let's do a debt
the Devin Supertramp this Devin
Supertramp this shot go drift this yeah
I got a tramp this super tramp this hi
Devin I love you me bum bubble bum
bubble bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum
bum there he is mr. Rocky I'm excited
this is so cool okay
oh go go go go okay one I didn't correct
him one I did there's a big strike yeah
that was terrible but I'm good coming up
with the every picture here stay right
there
and semesters behind oh that was awesome
how smooth I am man look you can see
himself yeah Batman uses vegetables that
word other word here for
good morning I say good morning to Daddy
hey Rock charts will be here all day I
say good morning to dad look look at the
camera say good morning daddy daddy's
not here daddy's in the camera but right
here say hi Daddy good morning bloody
love you dad Oh such a good boy
we missed you daddy I'm home from the
airplane soon
oh honey I love you
Kiwi got one of his sweethearts
anniversary she's so cute I love hey
guard
you ready to finish your homework it's
time smells are you son Tom loves
gymnastics cuz he loves the way it
smells in here
yeah it smells like sweaty girls it's
just kind of gross he says it smells
like socks what are you gonna do it's a
gym people were working here let's how
could a Google storage block overs
forgotten how pretty that is what to do
not agree she's getting so good at best
I was super pretty I don't know about
you but I made T impressed because
that's something I can never do as a kid
so proud of my day and she's ahead of
you for putting up with her clients he
loves her now it was a music he loved
the whole
but at least you got a smile on your
face
hey Lotte card baby you want
teeter-totter now go up and down up and
down look at you oh you wanna get down
say mom you're weird you're too fat for
this ride mom that's right I'm getting
fatter ha ha
reading piece at the park tonight
because tonight was gymnastics and
gymnastics is always like kind of a
later night so I have to think of
something either quick for dinner or I
have to be on the ball and plan ahead
and I didn't do that so we had pizza and
we're at the park around turns gonna
climb that you're gonna climb let's see
you climb cuz you're a rock climber
little rock hard rock rock and roll you
were going to do this good job good look
at you you're gonna be like your dad
don't go jumping off any cliff so okay
okay princess tower has something super
exciting habitat gymnastics today you
want to tell us okay there's some
gymnastics and getting my clothes on
getting my shoes on but Kayla Maroney
walked by me and as she said how you
doing I said good with her and I hugged
her for three seconds that's a long time
not really yeah I guess what I guess I
didn't add ask her to do it just doing
because baby darn this is not your turn
cuz you're good and you assigned new
gymnastics for me for wipe your face off
dude here wipe your face officers can
you wipe your face off and just watch
today dad okay excuse me oh my dad oh
looks she tacks on with God Twitter with
her I need to go play the toys I'm daddy
said the healer Rory's probably gonna
make a video with us well you never know
I hope so it's true she's super excited
about it
I watched mckayla maroney say she was on
the vault and she's still
got it she's really amazing so thanks
Mikayla for making princess hearts
entire life by giving her a hug today
she really really loves it
dude this is a little high you're kind
of crazy but the super rock card is
melting my heart right now oh you want
me to come down there okay okay I'm
coming
all the other kids have kids their age
here playing with them and so you gonna
love me Mommy will play with me it melts
my heart
what mother and the world doesn't want
their kids to want to play with them
right okay now I don't know what we're
doing we're in the rubberband machine I
don't even know so just watch what
happens okay me and kata will go first
ready yeah here we go ha ha ha here ed
will you film this real quick ok check
this out
ok ready go film is kind of tired and
now I'm not here like you it goes
awesome
okay here we go rubber band of death one
more time we have a giant hole in it the
fun's about to be over it's a good thing
to confirm trust me luck we're gonna be
backwards gay and they're gonna fly
together there we go how long's our ribs
don't roll an ankle here we go
three two one go you got to run fast
oh good god now they're all locked it
all
your earring stuck in there Jesus did
you tear it with your earring I got it
we tie it try to tie it throughout the
needle infrared okay I do I just I open
it and what Oh throw em up in there all
right Zeke ready to play
you idiot play okay he's so ferocious he
was playing with this you know and this
is one thing that Zeke likes to do the
Malachi never did he didn't like playing
fetch
what really tug a war with it with toys
he was kind of lazy you don't like
playing stuff like this hey Jess you
ready ready go ahead go ahead
good boy good boy Zeke good boy like tug
on it and show me how tough he is
because it's still tough tough moving
out this for about 10 minutes I get it
I'm gonna get it I get it okay go get it
good we need a big shot so you can do
this in a big yard huh
okay guys you ready to see something
else I'm teaching them okay Zeke not
this no no nope what do you do
sit sit oh look you know it's like okay
okay I'll do it I'll do it
good boy good boy let's try that again
okay give him these little bacon things
y'all like bacon sit sit Zeke sit sit
yes good boy good boy
see he's learning nice on you so fast
we've only done that two training
sessions and he's already getting it
he's a smart puppy love me all yours you
dude are you missing daddy daddy plays
in some of the most I think I think
daddy plays with you the most I just
realized that I'm wearing my Zoey and
Marley t-shirt isn't that fitting and we
just watched them today on YouTube huh
someday they'll meet someday they'll
meet wouldn't that be fun a big vlog
with Zeke
and Zoe and Marly will have to plan it a
big glad a YouTube dog collab huh
Ezekiel let's do it hey I'm in a
stairway somewhere in some building in
New York City basically I have no idea
where I know but there's been a
concerted thanks watching the video
today guys really appreciate it if
there's one thing and I've seen one uno
thing that I want you to do today after
today's vlog I want you to please
porfavor do yourself a favor do you like
music
ask yourself that question do you like
good music do you like songs do you like
to listen to sad music and dance and
feel happy while you listen to this
music well let me give you a little tip
my friends and family and homies and
viewers and you you right now listening
with your earlobes go down below there's
a link to Charles trippi's new song we
the Kings is the band they have a brand
new single out drop today for 29 cents
that's right a little over a quarter you
can get their new song it's called just
keep breathing I swear to you listen
listen listen
I love Charles he's my good friend I
would love to promote him because he's
my friend I don't even care about that
this song is the best song I have heard
since I heard madness by Muse mama mad
Nettie no you know Muse right come on
you know good music Oh download this
song right now it's called just keep
breathing by we the kings I swear to you
it's a hit you will hear it on the
radios you'll see it in movies it will
be in our movie actually the documentary
but this song will change lives it's
about suicide and it is powerful please
do yourself a favor go download it
before you hear everybody in the world
listening you can be the very first one
they just dropped it today
it's amazing go listen to it and then of
course click on all the links for the
videos from yesterday the mystery video
and one two three four years ago k okay
bye
