I'm sorry I'm a weak person I'm a bad
week person and think we're gonna do the
video diary are you ready
 like your name shake
 y'all
Shh
all right today starts out in a hotel
room somewhere in Philadelphia I have no
idea where I'm at I just did three
hundred push-ups well as exporting my
blog now we're headed back over to do
day two of filming on the documentary
I'm vlogging here with prankvsprank
fancy this is a nice hotel I think I've
been a quality in actually one of you
guys got us a good discount on this
place because you guys got us a discount
for that I'm vlogging here documentary
so thank you to you you know who you are
give me kisses I don't know if I told
you guys but I got this new Fitbit
captain G got it for me for my birthday
and it's a good way to track your daily
steps it tracks like how far you walk
each day the calories you burn the
floors that you go up and yesterday I
got over 10,000 steps so now that I have
this thing like everywhere I go I want
to walk farther cuz that's like a little
contest like a little challenge with
yourself every day like the day before I
got 6,000 steps then yesterday I got
10,000 steps so my goal today is to
trying to break 10,000 steps come on
today you can be your best self it's
chilly here so I'm waiting for the band
to come pick me up to go back I was
staying here at the hotel then crew left
this mornin like 10:00 a.m. when I had
to stay ahead of the fog so I have a
confession to make you guys I lost I
cheated on the no sugar thing about a
week ago we went to the movies and we
went to the Croods no it was it came
everyone who I went to a movie and I
wanted licorice so bad I told Sun tart
it's a dude I don't know if I can hold
out on the snow sugar thing from movies
I was like movies are like a different
story like you go to the movies
licorice and popcorn and milk guns I
haven't had any pot but I've had zero
soda and I told Sun tart I said dude are
you gonna be disappointed if I fail on
this thing and he said no I said dude
you don't have to do it anymore either
if you don't want to because I don't
expect you to stay strong even after I
failed he goes no I'm doing it I'm not
gonna fail because I'm gonna be stronger
than you I said you're right you are so
son tard is straight as arrow he has not
cheated one time so I'm really proud of
him for that he's doing a really good
job but I did I failed and I have had
candy a few times at the movies that
we've gotten to but I've done pretty
good you know I'm still eating healthy I
haven't drank any pop but there have
been a few times where I've had candy in
the movies last night we went to the
Jurassic Park movie and I had red vines
and popcorn I'm sorry I'm a weak person
I'm a bad week person oh also some of
you were like commenting saying oh hey
nice get funds from your viewers to make
a documentary and then rent a stretch
limo do you think I would actually use
the documentary money to use that to buy
a limo to go to Jurassic Park the
production company that is bringing out
Jurassic Park 3d paid for us to go to
that movie and they sent a stretch limo
a party bus for us all to pack in so we
can go to the movie there's no way I
would use documentary funds paper
I use my own money to stay in this hotel
I haven't used any documentary money to
fly out here or to stay in the hotels
that's all for the crew I made that
commitment when we started the IndieGoGo
campaign and I'm sticking to it at the
end of this whole documentary movie I am
NOT opposed to like showing all the
receipts for all the money that we spent
we want to be totally 100% transparent
on this whole project X can you find the
X and X ladybug that's good - where's
the X look up on the shelf it's in
yellow we're learning his letters
Facebook I'm gonna find the why you find
the why why why mom help somewhere up
there do you see the why yeah I see you
why where is it
Wow my good job
okay we have one more can you find the Z
yeah find the Z like Zeke that's what
Zeke's name starts with you see it the
good job you're getting all right here
comes my taxi fan thing is a visa sore
fitting all of our camera equipment
ain't no party like to put on shoe party
cuz they put on shoe party don't stop
all right we just got done filming day
two with prank vs. prank aired on
blogging hair then we go out to dinner
house where we going watch your language
play some video games yeah I just bought
a new car and he lost the keys how we
get some good shots today crowd oh oh
yeah that's good shots actually really
good shot
nice we had some good interviews with
Jeana and Jesse or the kitty okay tell
us what what that is what that
contraption is that you major like okay
first of all you go
so a lunchtime here they can either plan
the play order they can do crafts and
she usually chooses to use around
so this is what she made today at lunch
someone has to pick up thanks right a
boy and a girl with that name down they
put it in here or mom or daddy picks on
the name and is it baby but if it's a
girl and and it says a boy named the
wait for the dude
we kept picking it and tell it's a girl
name another what if we don't like the
name okay so there's this still options
okay cool
that looks really hard thank you for
making that we'll have seven months to
submit so you won't be like that amazed
every time we pick one it has to be good
if we don't like it then we just put it
back with pain to me but yeah boy
because it's going to be a boy really
maybe you'll be right you never know
DJ's on the outside of the plate baton
up ten to two three here we are where we
are Chickie's weren't like some huge
Sports Bar and Grill where chickie beat
them Philadelphia
it was Mary because they told me that I
could wear my hat backwards I walked
into my hat was backwards and I guess
the dress code is you know how you have
your hat forwards why do you have your
hopper already here that rule my hat
around I had a backwards yeah I came in
and I had my hat backwards and I thought
you told me to take it off so I took it
off then I saw all these other people's
hats when I turned around I go what I
can't wear hats no you forwards like I'm
not a gang member I promise are you a
gang member you are a gang member I knew
it today I'm going to show you some of
those bows I got from playlist live it's
the girl in Florida she gave me so much
bows and I really appreciate it if
you're watching this video thank you so
much I want to show you a lot of them
I'm just gonna like interview a little
bit okay let's get surveyed on the bows
I have for today pictures that you
subscribe this video you like yeah I
have way way way way more bows but I'm
not gonna do it right now I'm really
really entire cuz I just got back from
school
I mean so George are doing a schedule
and I'm kind of a little late for the
schedule and I need to bake a video
because I haven't made one in a long
time and some people in the comments
been saying I should make another video
so I made another one if you like this
video and the girl who made these
suppose for me I cannot stop saying
thank you and the other people who gave
me Fresno State thank you very much
Ally's vlog
see that building on the left side you
get to go round it cuz ya stupid one-way
thing he wasn't pretty in this life I
just and three and a half pounds of crab
legs in a Philadelphia it was good
really deliciousness crab fries and some
crap fries and I had a Caesar salad
Jesse Scarface is a zombie the homeless
heroes calm no joy we just down defied
it's the we do there's this game pass on
to you and we give it a go come on we
got high you're a helpful in the screen
you're looking to get do this rbj do the
zombie do it so I take your hat off
Haga that's what you really look like
you don't that's really I'm just
freaking it I'm going cat zombie now
okay get it get it get it there - there
yes there desk
come on zombie cat we have been doing
this for 45 go
okay don't be so loud guys we came out
to look at the Sun oh I'm sorry thank
you so much heed monkey get lazy we're
out here you washing hands right here
happy power because the only thing that
sounded good to make wasn't wearing a
stack and you know those little trying
loofah
I can't talk to them when you're putting
on now long now look okay
so I got these little like those old
like hard crunchy noodle things that you
put over my haystacks if you guys have
ever had wine say haystacks if you
haven't goober I like them and that
sounded good to me so I was gonna make
some I would put one of those noodles in
my mouth like just you know when you
snack on chips and stuff I got him and I
put one in my mouth and it was
disgusting it was like sour because it's
been in my cupboard for so long I looked
at the day and it's made you know 12 I
was like oh my gosh how do I still have
these I don't know how I sewed on him
but yeah they were it's so anyway I
looked around the kitchen and everything
any want to go to this if you want to
throw up and so we're trying to throw
out suggestions for what we could go and
get that would taste too good to
everybody
I don't think we're eating under time
what does have water we decided to go to
the kitchen of Colette and have case of
millions because that's glamorous and
it's fun and I know the kids are gonna
like it it doesn't even matter I'll just
try to choke it down and if it doesn't
work then I'll just throw this drink
lots of wine gonna back that's what
happens when I'm pregnant but that's
okay because I've been finding it's
worth it we're making a documentary or
making a documentary it's hard to make a
song with the documentary word and it's
a lot of syllables hey guys what's going
on Hales going hey yeah so I'm hanging
out in Philadelphia with my best friends
and my friend on youtube.com it's funny
cuz you say my youtube friends but it's
like they're more than my youtube
friends they're my real-life friends I
don't even know when that distinction
happened when my you know quote-unquote
YouTube friends became my real life
friends but yeah I've been friends with
Charles for like almost five years now
were best buds bros we're having a blast
hanging out and shooting we've been
shooting like day and night for the last
three days we just made an update on the
documentary newsletter and if you guys
didn't get a chance to donate during the
IndieGoGo campaign there is a chance for
you guys to be in the vlog docks oh crap
I can't believe I just said that out
loud the vlog dogs is a secret group of
people who could we send a weekly
newsletter to every week updating them
about everything all the specific
details that are happening with the
documentary if you want to be part of
that crew you can donate five bucks we
would give it away for free but that
would be unfair to everybody who donated
during the IndieGoGo campaign so if you
want to donate five dollars we will send
you a weekly update for the documentary
and last night we filmed a video a nine
minute video with me Charles and Ally
Jess and Gina and Korey and it's pretty
funny and we just send that out to
everybody who donated so if you donate
five bucks in the next 48 hours we'll
send that video and then you'll get a
weekly newsletter until the documentary
is finished ok so right after we're done
here we're headed to where is this
Charles New Jersey Mahwah New Jersey
we're going to ramappa College do any of
you go to that Brook Ramada at April 6
Saturday April 6
we the Kings are playing a show at
Ramapo College for probably say a whore
main and made a parade made a parade so
if you go to that College come and see
us cuz we're gonna be there filming for
the documentary we're gonna be filming
we the kings show it's gonna be really
cool and then we're headed to New York
and then we're headed to John Green's
house and then you're headed to
yesterday's video and then you're headed
to the mystery video and then you're
gonna go ahead and click on that one two
three and four years ago today right
Charles I would I'm doing it now yep
clickety clickety alright we love you
guys we'll see you soon bye bye
