the time has come we're gonna get some
outfits for school just a few because so
it can be cool on the first day of
school was that base oh yeah cool all
right
cabin like a button it up that's a cool
shirt officially been at the shape hard
residents for about three minutes and
we've already got rocket League up and
running but it was no idea this is this
is and run a snowboarding lift this is
like my home away from home on a
snowboard lift check it guys good
morning everyone it comes of my eggs
making some eggs making some eggs how do
you guys like your eggs some of my kids
like them scrambled but some of them
like them over easy
I like them over easy so we are in our
last last couple days of summer really I
mean they'll still be warm weather but
we're gonna be having to get up early we
got school you know just the way it goes
it's kind of fun isn't it though like
another chapter is beginning another
part of our our lives to unfold choices
to be made fun to be had and things to
be learned 'add this is the right word
mom I go to school I know what the right
word is a little bit isn't it better I'm
just I did already put butter on the
toast cuz I learned how to do it by
myself
anyways school is cool and you know what
we say around here everything's cool on
the first day of school or acting like
fool on the first day of school she's
not impressive I love you
good morning never tasted two and a half
days oh your birthday's coming up that's
right I've heard about that what I'm not
just kidding I didn't forget about her
thing
not really I didn't forget but you know
it's kind of sad to me is you haven't
asked for any American Girl doll things
which means you're growing up do you
still like Marion Girl dolls okay good
all right I gotta fix these eggs guys
eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs
eggs eggs eggs hey guys do you want to
be in the vlog there's 400 of you here
um you guys Hey meet these 400 people I
want to say hi to you guys look you're
in the vlog say your name there's Judith
there's Louise there's William Alexis
stake you hey we just finished workout
whoo
kids are over here screaming how'd that
go hard yeah he's he's in shape you had
to run a bunch last night and he said it
wasn't as bad as he thought it was gonna
be plus all those hikes that we did on
the campout huh how many miles did you
hike on that campout 20 probably 20 over
five days and the last day he hiked out
ten miles and then had a football
scrimmage that night
yeah he had a 20 30 pound backpack the
whole time yeah yeah yeah football
scrimmage that night so Gavin is working
his butt oh yeah exactly
all right up top good job working now
it's lint job Daxton thanks for totally
being distracted and obnoxious during
the live show today we appreciate it
you did just like we thought you would
you guys doing work out you guys gotta
go check out the sheäôs work out we
did a lot of bridges it was a pretty
intense I'm sweating okay go take a
shower okay the time has come we're
gonna get some outfits for school just a
few cuz so it can be cool on the first
day of school that vase rock are you
cool yup
say yeah heck yeah mom yeah alright what
outfits are you guys getting for the
first day of school if you're getting an
outfit sometimes I didn't get new
outfits and that's fine you know if I
have enough clothes you don't need more
but let's face it these kids are growing
like weeds so we need some some more
clothes to start the year off dude your
pants don't fit you none of them you
know why because you're getting taller
we're gonna have to cut them off so
they're all shorts so we need to find
you some good pants that you can wear to
school okay place it's so quiet that's
not normal but he's a quiet dude I don't
know are you excited are you nervous are
you like I want to shop for clothes this
is lame I love him oh yeah this boy is
cracking me up
the pan okay
every time you try something on he does
some weird ass dances in order okay lets
me out mat me then keep my pants on kid
stop okay maybe I found a few things
we're going to try some things on and
see which ones will take where I like
those pants those are I know right
this is so cool you should wear I said
wear shoes of course go ahead oh that's
a good idea is that a girl jacket Twiggy
you and then debris what could you push
it I gather matching outfits I just got
some outfit well hopefully you can match
them together eventually something okay
go in the dressing room time on what
does that say duh I don't know if I like
that oh those are cute cute
my girls are so fashionable I love this
oh this was flower one this one's really
cute fashion blogger oh yeah girl all
right
scavenger like a button it up that's a
cool shirt just go handsome guys helping
swing out some what am I gonna do this
yes I like it
cool it's he's so handsome
Oh checking in checking in what's his
name John Duracell big day that's your
new jingle ever on a snowboarding lift
this is like my home away from home on a
snowboard lift check it guys look at our
toesies put your toesies out it hotdogs
our legs shake him hotdogs although I
get your Sandhya yeah its Instagram
picture you need to shave those yeah
okay anyways whoops-a-daisy with it uh
we are up here doing pre-production
scouting work we got some plans
collaboration out of ten plans at least
before December um so we're gonna make a
video up here together guys be looking
forward to a shaycarl slash shonduras
collaboration
and um we have to look at some stuff in
shader hey girls it's the thing going
for Shankara I'm Carl shun piling up I
yeah yeah girl coming at you hot mom
everything gonna be I am beyond the
mountains now boy okay anyway so rotten
I just want to show you guys you guys
know Sean just to show you me yeah I
just look at him followings were just
waiting snapchat him dude my color
recording my cousin Kyler oh yeah when
we saw you at CVX live she freaked
oh she was really cool I actually know
exactly you're talking about big fan
girl anyways hey say hi quiet over there
son
he drove us here we got lost only two
times boy like hard time it's not his
fault that he doesn't know where eyes go
so we passed likes I'm like that was
like that we pulled off and we drove
through the middle part like the we had
off road yeah happens made for good
content I texted Shana so don't make him
feel that thank you
okay anyway it's got to go back to hey
guess what we've been together for like
10 minutes and we're already fighting
over who's better at rocker - aw we
could hit blaze the broccoli number one
on the to-do list
it's officially been at the shade hard
residence for about three minutes and
we've already got rocket League up and
running but it was no idea this is this
is this is 100% like he has no idea I
play every single night Stephen can you
confirm how often every night every
night like I'm the busiest guy ever and
I always complain about not getting
sleep but it can be like 2:00 in the
morning I'll finish emails I'm like
gotta get that rocket League explained
can we lose weight and then I never lose
yeah no longer about to get out the real
time I'm gonna be eatin though you're
chomping those words like ranch you're
me dipping them in rags like those words
good Real Talk I'm you let you know who
wins
dude first goals no there don't go you
counted down the house alright so what's
the score score up day one of your okay
1:0 around a one-to-one yeah update we
just got another goal but we didn't even
score who scored that goal
boys you scored the goal but it was oh
okay
we've got 45 cent oh wait I ran him up
their ball center ball yeah
tie game baby 3 2 3 it's funny when you
win we get out of the pressure ha ha ok
update 3 2 3 2 3 35 seconds 35 seconds
it's real okay no we think of us a good
sign
I mean
got 17 more seconds 30 give me some help
to go knock it out demo dog who's the
girl that's the angle seven seconds I'll
get you you parented I call about the
angles
oh poor dumb bit before 2 4 7 10 you go
Bennet first going over the hook of the
shot in you gotta touch it get all steel
ditto replay my gosh how did you miss
that
he did tell me the ball damn dang go
shoot did you see more seconds for
playback oh no we chuckle look she got
your head before I gotta
sit down
I don't want it to run the camera beat
him he thought your trolley does not
deal with the country cronies in Idaho
all right guys that's the end of the
vlog don't forget to subscribe and
dislike this video you gotta go all the
way around that's impossible
yeah you're ready Steven yep hey you
know flippers got some leverage here
hopefully I'm high enough to get hurt
wait hold on cash if you mess up this is
awesome okay we're back
Sean's here where you need some dinner
we played some rocket League washing my
hands come in and out with your dog we
won he made out my dog oh my gosh oh oh
I'm not a second base of this a nice guy
she loves Sean as she does it was a big
Zeke no means no Zeke not a one we did
it round it was it was good some good
wrongly by hung right I could hang no he
beat me I was very wrong we've been
playing broccoli we are gonna do a
tournament we should get a tournament
together dude no like a full term like
wrong with Philip DeFranco like oh dude
I already had one I had Phil and like
Harley from Epic Meal Cassim let's get a
rocket League tournament started you're
going down these dirty Harley doesn't
play he doesn't go for the volume demos
demos that's all I didn't okay
bye Harley get demo dude anyways watch
for coming to a YouTube soon maybe that
won't happen but it would be fun right
ok look one of the kittens caught a bird
did you really just catch that look its
neck oh my goodness
yeah did okay
we're keeping that one vicious mother
nature happening right before our
eyeballs good kitty
Wow a bird to die like a hard cap did he
jump look at mom they're teaching him
you're so proud yeah she is good mama
you taught your kitty that one is my
favorite good job kitty cat well that's
the circle of life don't cry Sean okay
things die up here sometimes baby turn
down the kitty I'm living on the camera
taking about carb I forgot my phone
thank you for dinner everything one more
thing pro tip pretend to forget your
phone so you can come in and get more
licorice before you leave good proto
james what's going on with this kitty
crew out here uh-oh oh no we got kitten
wrestling it's getting vicious out here
we've got some kitty wrasslers watch out
they'll come flying in from all
directions
well Zeke's n't get involved you don't
want any of that Zeke little white
kitties growling at you
tackle them
Oh mid-air collision
watch out
boom kitties are out playing hanging out
with their momma enjoying the sunset oh
my that's gorgeous boom the end slate
everybody love you don't know you can't
you can't do the old enslaves like we
used to do so we're going to figure out
the ins late so I ask the family to come
here look I think I think there's two
videos up here on the picture frames you
can click on its like yesterday's video
and like another great video that you're
totally to watch check out also you guys
go subscribe to Sean a lot of you guys
know him he's the number one snapchatter
in the water all shonduras
I like to make jingles anyways link to
him you guys go subscribe to his channel
he's a cool dude
you might see them hanging out in the KC
nice cat vlogs he's all over the
internet is a sweet dude okay okay
laughter little boys
