but your beard is awesome and your kids
are awesome and your wife is
shame
hey first day back at school from spring
break brought targets helping the girls
pick out their outfits Rockside are you
playin some socks on to some pink socks
on what's going on baby turn he's
helping you but did he pick out all that
stuff
I'm so excited see the outfit you picked
out for her I got my socks oh my god my
socks oh yeah pick out her socks which
sucks his baby try gonna wear to school
today
you gotta pick ones that are thin that
will fit with her shoes cuz they have to
wear socks with their shoes at school
it's a rule do you guys have any rules
like that at school I remember growing
up we couldn't wear open-toed shoes but
at this school they can't wear open-toed
shoes or shoes without socks they have
to wear socks with their shoes I don't
know oh man you got rainbow socks I'm
excited to see your outfit okay we're
I'm gonna go finish making breakfast and
you get ready help her pick out her
socks Rock guard do a good job don't
mess it up cuz her social identity at
school depends on you today it don't
matter what you wear guys just just wear
something modest and cute right mm-hmm
I remember fighting so much with
Princess hard about what to wear when
she was 2 really because I loved picking
out her cute little outfits and then I
just thought I was so white why am i
fighting with my three-year-old I give
up
so I've just let them pick out their own
outfits every once in a while I will
pick out their outfits like ever having
picture day or something like that I'm
just like just do it just whatever you
want to wear just wear it and they
always look cute hi I'm cam
we should do that all the cameras in a
bag including that very nice 5d with a
mic shake it up and then we'll see who
gets actually che has been obsessed no
it's not gonna show you guys so there's
a cat tree over here and it is awesome
cat it's like a real animal of prey
little stripes Hey
what Brianna are you Rihanna they're
calling your name headphone girls yes we
need to be spot powder for g-spot powder
for Gina so I were doing a staffed stop
at PvP land of enchantment is it Snow
White the couch it is the sex no I
believe they call it we have been
actually saying couched heart a lot
reason yeah Carter because in the
announcement video yeah you were like
you were talking about the kids like
what should we name the baby and some
cow baby yeah what do you guys think the
couched I'm pretty sure a jump yes kill
birds in the wild
Jesse honestly you do that like the
Olympic click the Olympic chicks you
spin it around in your leotard so pretty
so pretty oh yeah yeah yeah okay guys I
just caught wind a little prank since
yesterday was April Fool's Day and I
guess it didn't work yesterday or you
just side of it right okay so here's the
serial baby tarts favorite one is this
one
geysers stinker stangard every tired
inside me breakfast are you ready yet we
can't wait to see your outfit what I'm
naked
well hurry up we gotta get to scuola
okay wait so where did you learn this on
the Disney Channel they're teaching you
different things yeah I have great rock
guitar that's crazy
like good ol wholesome Disney Channel
there's getting yeah are you ready yet
is that the outfit well hurry up miss
little princess okay baby doll what kind
of shirt as you want today there's just
been that one take your report show them
how you can port
why are you surprised hey watch where
you're pouring when you're born until
yeah all right let's get going we gotta
get to school me and your ringing you
got it it's Church yesterday it wasn't
true what wasn't your right let's see
you're healthy you know like people you
know like being strapped on it wasn't a
bad trip though they all came out here
just to do this what's trending
interview we want to be on the show it's
Jess as on what's trending right now and
we're on the couch we weren't invited so
we're making ourselves
dude it's gone so good it's gonna be the
meth movie you've ever seen will be dope
dope this time we're waiting for Jesse
get finished that word name yes you seen
the set cry I'm good now yeah he's gonna
cry though we're gonna make him cry
I guess this means we listen to Taylor
Swift too much
either sort of has the hiccups just
learning
I love my little tailors I wasn't sure
if we had to show they beat her whole
outfit so this is what rocked I picked
out for her to wear it's got a cute
skirt and I saw a peach shirt and her
leggings energy
good job Rob tired of high fives
I know man you and doing monkey bars
okay let's try it let's try it again
all right we're getting in the party bus
we're gonna go see a movie in the potty
bus in the party bus hey there's Charles
and Allie hi guys are see a movie I
think I see a movie I'm gonna get some
snacks at the movie oh yes we've all is
you didn't look ball or you have to look
baller when you get out you can't look
at the cold weather places better warm
so I don't know if you've heard but
Jurassic Park coming out in 3d and so
we're going to a private screening of
Jurassic Park you and that's in IMAX - I
say oh yeah watch my t-rex than IMAX
your eyes will be maximized child love
when they're maximized
Velociraptor impression hey guys so
there's a new man in my bed tonight hey
little man
damn you he had a late night today so
he's having a hard time going to sleep
I'm just missing daddy like usual
whenever he's gone I miss him a ton hey
girl
daddy's watching a dinosaur movie right
now but Shane misses you I wanted to
update you a little bit with the
pregnancy I'm about two months along I'm
feeling okay I usually feel very
nauseous for the first three months I
never really throw up which I feel very
lucky about this a lot of women do but I
always just feel kind of black like
nothing sounds good to eat and I just
feel gross all the time that's kind of
how I've been feeling
but ruptured what do you think about
having a new baby yeah okay I kind of
expected that much all right we're gonna
try to get some shut-eye
I'll see you later just got out of
Jurassic Park in 3d man that movie is
epic it still stands up even 20 years
later it was made in 1994
and even watching it today it's like oh
yeah there's like a lot of classic shots
in that movie like the water cups in the
Range Rover or whatever when it starts
once when the t-rex is coming you see
the water shake or like when Jeff
Goldblum has a hurt leg and he's in the
back of the Jeep and that t-rex is
chasing after him and there shows a
reflection in the mirror and it says
objects in mirror closer than they
appear like a lot of those classic shots
are when Samuel Johnson has that
cigarette Nastasia rets bouncing up and
down it's a good shot respond bottom a
Nazi or t-rex
you messed the t-rex I mean Velociraptor
that your your best vilasa your best
Velociraptor Gina we got a better
Velociraptor than that I did I I went to
have to get popcorn when I came back in
I walked by their seats think they're
freaked and that's what we did today
missing mommy tired in the kids a lot
and I just realized that today one year
ago today is the day that Malachi passed
away I can't decide if that seems
forever ago or like just yesterday it
feels that he just died and I miss him
so much and just thinking about how I
felt when that day that we had to go put
him down it just brings us sadness to my
heart so if you've lost a dog recently
or ever in your life go back and check
out the one year ago video and shed a
tear for me I missed the big guy I
really loved that dog I feel really
blessed to be able to do this and to be
friends with such talented creative
artistic people and just to be out here
I'm in Philadelphia filming for this
documentary that we've been working on
and hanging out with my good buddies
from YouTube and missing the kids and
mom so we love you guys
thumbs up the video won't you give a
little thumb love to us check out
yesterday's vlog and if you're feeling
lucky you know what to do
we'll see you tomorrow
