but your beard is awesome and your kids
are awesome
and your wife is
Oh
I just landed in Philadelphia to go hang
out with ed Bassmaster and it's freezing
I'm wearing shorts and flip-flops not
the best decision shaycarl good morning
we start today off on a spider-man
pillow at Bassmasters house what's up
what's up me and Ed we go work out doing
your friends with famous youtubers you
get to come to the gym in a Range Rover
yeah
Oh check it out right here chauffeur
thanks bro see ya producer pushup so
here we go we're gonna get our our swell
on at LA Fitness ly as freezing so cold
it's 35 degrees and it's very windy
Billy dude it is bone-chilling cold yeah
I left LA I've worn shorts and
flip-flops I don't even think about it
when I landed on the planet I got out of
the plane I felt the breeze coming
through it look oh crap I get comments
from people from my vlog and that's cold
out here yeah and like dude it's like 30
blow here in Canada warm too a lot of
you guys it's always a competition on
weather oh you should live where I live
there's 12 feet of snow uphill both ways
all right we're trying out our Easter
kite oh oh oh keep trying trying to get
maybe tired Oh pull back you gotta pull
back
remember that has to be resistance or it
won't fly you gotta pull back like when
it starts flying back up instead of
moving forward cake see if we can get
this thing climb yeah pull back pull
back pull back there you go there you go
right next to a power line we'll just
call you electrocuted tard
Oh Oh No good job baby tides oh no Jimmy
that dude you look like you got yourself
into a predicament
I don't think he's getting away all
right card looks put yours together okay
we're learning quickly but the
inflatable kite is not as good of a
flier as the kite that actually has like
a stick oh over it leaks dot oh
sorry honey
no no no dick wants to get those kites I
want thank you hike okay let's see it
again
I feel the breeze hey it's not that bad
now trying to lengthen the rope see how
I see how high you can get it oh oh dude
I wasn't expecting that
Oh get him good week hikes and puppies
we wish you were here Shey we love you
so she left this morning to head to fill
it I don't mean February was going now
he headed out with the documentary crew
to get some good footage for the
documentary and we're gonna miss him so
much probably gonna be on for a week we
could happen two weeks I'm gonna hold up
the fort honey
we'll be here holding up before why'd
you stop
baby guards been practicing her pumping
and she's finally getting it she's doing
a really good job and super proud of her
but she knows that I won't push her
anymore if she knows how to pump so she
pretends that she can't do it but she
can't
we've been watching America's Funniest
Home Videos princess tart is doing my
hair love it
she's been fixing my hair do this like
it she's using the new pose that she got
from Haley at playlist live we are
getting ready to have curry leftovers
that's my favorite part about me yeah
goodbye I was thinking about it and I
think that we haven't really updated you
on the baby stuff quit telling people
that's gross does it bother you guys
when she announces that she farted cuz
it's you know I am about two months
along I haven't
and that's how I'm doing do you guys
miss daddy yet yes girl be my boo boo I
love boom hello guys I know you think I
haven't rid of you in a long time but
today I am but it's kind of different
today today I'm doing it my mom and
dad's room and good thing because
today's Easter Easter is when we
celebrate when Heavenly Father got rest
friend I want to show you what some of
my stuffed animals and I'm gonna show
you some of them but I'm not gonna
introduce their names because I don't
know what I forgot their names that I
named some okay this is my first animal
it's pink and it's a bear actually one
of the youtubers gave it to me or
Vergara Layla sighs yeah it was VidCon
he gave it to me and um if you're
watching this this is what you gave me
and I still happen I really love it I
will really love it because it has a big
head and small body and that's what I
like about things I don't know why I
just like it a black nose I like when
bears have black nose it looks cute and
it's like a little baby bear it's hard
got one but I think she lost it it was
really nice and that um I like when you
have small ears like they're a little
baby okay now I'm gonna do a different
one step till this is my second stuffed
animal this is an animal I'm someone
gave me her earrings since I don't have
pierced ears I put it on my puppy and I
call her name is pink girls I just
remember hers her name is pink girls cuz
it's pink and she has curls it's like I
what every time I think I'm dog yeah I
always use this stock it's so cute
now this is a kitty one it has a blue
that black dress is kind of a little bit
wait right there it doesn't have a black
Melissa looks kind of cute and this is
matches the dress so it looks better if
some things match then it looks like
better because everything this matches
on you now this is a monkey I got from
my grandma um of course grandma show up
it Trevor up here I'm dad's mom and it
has like long arms and it has orange fur
a lot and a lot of orange fur
see doesn't chew it up and this is my
other baby I also remember this one
her name is flower and I put her I have
your bangs as I really like bangs I like
her lip because it's like so you
can like put a bauble in it as I was in
the aisle I was trying to find a blonde
one but the brown one looks really
pretty cute and I couldn't find a way
with and she really trusts me a lot
that's my cauliflower it's I caught
flower cuz it has a lot of pocket and
has flower and this is my little one it
so cute it has black fur straight strips
and it looks like a smiley face for the
nose I'll execute
I like when its ears are up too so they
can see the pink because I like pink
here's my last one of my bear it's a
brown one and I my mom how to ensure was
little and it just look just looks like
a record band what I said about the nose
it's a little baby it has a black nose
it just was like a regular bear how
people what happened there it's so cute
and once I put and I get put my clothes
on it sometimes made sure as a dress
that fits my clothes a lot I just had to
get rubber band-like tie it up right
here so they don't see it and that was
my last one make sure you subscribe this
video you comment it subscribe it like I
think they're receptive but make sure
you love it and check out other um web
series that I did this girl gave me this
apron for pillow slides if you're
watching this thank you so much for it
it says purchased hard and I really like
it
thank you so much ok bye bye guys and
much more she tarts
okay sorry too short video today guys
its Charles should be smaller
yeah I'm sorry I kind of took a computer
and ran away with it yeah came back to
my computer and Corey Vidal had
something to do with that also I did
nothing wrong
it was almost ill sorry way up sorry
your what I'm like time sorry sorry but
like really it's like Canadians what are
you talking abou what are you talking
about you thought about
he's another gonna go out and about and
around the house you
minute here's the thing about Corinne
always wait dry access I can't keep a
steady accent it always switches
discipline oh it's what's awesome about
being around a bunch of Canadians right
now is they smell very good and like
maple syrup
mmm look at the air oh that's weird all
right sorry the day is short I'm
traveling I'm here in Philadelphia
hanging out with Charles Trippy and
Jesse from prank vs. prank and the whole
documentary crew whoo we're shooting a
bunch of footage and it's gonna be
amazing so we'll see you guys tomorrow
what you're getting us race video I
don't forget
