good morning it's 7 a.m.
Easter Bunny King and we gotta get up
see what the Easter Bunny brought us
happy Easter happy I'm not wearing pants
don't tell anybody all right looks like
the Easter Bunny come okay later dojo
dil children are you guys still tickles
I love dill pickles on my sandwiches
such wonderful children and have been so
good I know your parents are very proud
of most wonderful gifts ever given to us
from our Savior Jesus Christ because of
him we will live again Rock Turner
go look in the closet what go look where
the broom is go see what's in there why
would he hide it next to the sleeper
sleepers okay go look where the towels
are hurry fast run this will be never
last him why is that my hair Oh
oh my goodness gracious
wiping your butt off what do you think
rock cards
attacking the bowl of jelly beans rock
chart look look what's baby Tucker check
in this closet look in the closet like
when the closet see if your Easter Bunny
something something I just woke up see
that's for you get it the Easter Bunny
King will take this what else is in
there whoa whoa let's see Rock chart put
your mac and cheese in there yeah that's
Queen that's Queen Tudor other ones up
yeah all right well that's it happy
Easter everybody
you didn't hear anybody with wet red
shirts doesn't get anything Easter Bunny
don't forget to always be what grateful
well it's great for me means to always
be thankful for all what you get yeah
no what was it where the water runs yeah
where does the water run is it in our
geyser or fountain
Suntory come in here dog yeah don't
belittle me - yeah dude a baseball bat
to get my bunny baseball why did you get
a flu hey hey hey there's an Easter rule
no flute playing before 10 a.m.
daddy's gonna go back to bed wait you're
breaking East rule number one and you're
gonna get that fruit shut up yeah what
did you get
Oh to see you should go well Happy
Easter you guys hey you guys what's the
real meaning of Easter let's not forget
the real meaning of Easter hey you guys
are missing the one important present
that's the Easter Bunny left so read
that and educate yourself
they're all open up for you cuz I Jersey
Happy Easter the candy can't beat them
join them
alright guys going back to bed happy
Easter I love you love you guys love you
guys
hello guys well couple days ago I did a
dress-up outfit but now I'm going to put
shoes on it I'm gonna show you some of
the shoes I have okay
the first shoes I'm gonna have is I'm
gonna have some pink high heels okay
let's get started
step one these are the shoes I have
they're pink they have these kind of
high heels on okay now I'm gonna do some
Hello Kitty ones and I have pink
sparkles on him
sorry guys I can't find I found one
Hello Kitty shoe with sparkles on them
but I can't find the other shoe so now
I'm gonna put on some black shoes black
okay let's do it
step two here is my second shoe outfit
now I'm going to do a third one but I'm
not pretty sure my shoes I'm gonna work
so now I'm gonna wait actually now I'm
gonna wear some girls rule flip-flops
now when I said girls rule for flips I
meant today said girls room now that's
what's up says girls and this other one
says rule I think I should him on one of
the videos if I did then put it up here
okay these were blue boots and if you
look closely they have soft blue
softened in it okay those were my last
shoes make sure you subscribe this like
it thumbs it up and comment it make sure
you really really love it because my dad
works very hard on this video last night
and he worked on it until 5:30 morning
so make sure um you sons like in the
comments a good job for making the video
and say thank you very much okay but I
said think you tell him okay okay thank
you bye bye
hello guys I know you sorry cuz just the
pipelines are okay hi guys now some of
you don't believe in Heavenly Father but
I want to tell you that Heavenly Father
is really and I want to show you some
temples some pictures of some temples I
habits it says on the front house of the
Lord but I just want to show you this is
the Los Angeles temple and this one the
Logan temple and this one's Idaho Falls
temple this one it's a Salt Lake Temple
this is the Arizona temple this is the
Hawaii temple this is the Ogden temple
this is the Provo temple this is a Manti
temple this is that Alberta our Mota if
you don't know it um it's just a pretty
fun I don't know it's that it says the
word on the back the Seattle temple the
San Diego temple the Washington temple
the Las Vegas Nevada temple the top
Toronto true
Toronto Ontario something I'm too real
it kind of says like radio Dallas Texas
temple hey guys okay so it's Easter so
we have a lot of eggs that we colored
last night that we're going to making
the deviled eggs today we've already cut
them peeled them and put the yolks in a
bowl there they are a youngster in here
anyone in ice oh yeah you saved yours
she couldn't bear to stop them oh that
was beautiful it goes fast yeah they're
not peeling very well but that one
peeled okay um okay you can eat it if
not we actually have enough for deviled
eggs oh my goodness you could like eat a
little bit at a time so you don't choke
on an egg crazy girl so we've got my
mom's recipe book the best recipes from
the kitchen a Holy Cross that's my mommy
I won the past song of course this is
her a recipe book so let's look down
here fine doubleday deviled eggs page 21
- my dear Collette happy happy cooking
love your mom okay so this is my mom's
recipe for deviled eggs
it calls for six hard-boiled eggs but
we're going to double the recipe cuz we
have a lot more eggs and that we need
1/4 cup mayonnaise 1 teaspoon vinegar 1
teaspoon mustard 1/2 teaspoon salt a
dash with pepper and that's all the
ingredients we need you just mix it all
together we're doubling the recipe you
need a yes CB dings that's very
important so we're gonna put all that
stuff in with the yolks mash them
together and then you refill them back
in here and I remember my mom always
putting pepper Iike on them which is
that red spice they don't have any
pepperiness so we're just going to make
them off it just makes them pretty just
make them ready to make you prettier you
might get pretty please yes I get what
are you excited about what are you
excited about you think we're gonna go
hunting for eggs
well you're right we're going to later
okay guys we stir it all up this is what
it looks like we use mustard salts I
mean
oh yeah so yes and then we're gonna put
this into these I'm gonna have doubled
eggs my mom's over there she can't she's
busy being the best mom north okay so
show you guys what it looks like
afterwards I did put those in those eggs
level a rim of the egg one down 48 to go
I'm just gonna lick it off your fingers
huh guess that's the perks of the job
all right the rolling pin party has
finished and we are now ready to reveal
the deliciousness sunt are cooked all
these babies cuz he is a rock and roll
stud muffin right under here is the roti
oh it's so soft and chewy you guys you
wish you were here I'm telling you what
Zeke's here and he wishes he was more
here than he's actually here that's how
bad he wants to be here
he's pretty bored with the whole
situation yeah that's a pretty medium
number salad curry deviled eggs we never
had double day what do you mean divided
288 what / - a 98 get your equations
down before you talk to me five
zero minus five is zero or negative five
I don't know
no it's negative 298 means you owe me
almost 300 bucks pay up you know
negative 298 I gotta get changed
trust me I'll pay up I'm gonna smash
every one of those leads to pieces and
then feed it to the children in their
cereal for breakfast hey not to be quiet
I wanted the airplane right now headed
to the East Coast go to me with a
documentary crew we have a bunch of
interviews that we're doing gonna go
film break vs prank and then we're gonna
go head over to John Green's house and
then we're gonna be in New York and it's
gonna be a crazy time so the vlogs might
be a little crazy in next couple weeks
but we might be doing some meetups with
you so follow me on Twitter to know if
my do a meet-up in your city I love your
faces happy Easter and I won't see it
for Oh click on yesterday's vlog click
on the 1 2 3 & 4 in the middle do you
feel lucky look on the front lucky you
guys come on taking these annotations
takes me a long time do me a favor click
on yet but like
see tomorrow love you fight
