what was that one take Sunday won't take
Sunday I told him I said guys I feel
really quick one takes Sunday and then
you can change your church clothes right
what'd I say nice do go up there go
upstairs and throw it down you got to
get some elevation underneath those
wings to be funny and cute daddy already
put me too daddy
I love Ezekiel alright so happy Easter
to everybody baby Tarte is wearing her
Easter busquet busket that's basket and
bucket it's called the bus get will be
making bed we're making chicken curry
the kids got basket don't let them buy
your dress alright so what you guys
doing on Easter we just went to church
and now we're gonna have Korean roti and
Clutts making our favorite this is our
favorite dish I would say probably out
of the butler's favorite dinner dishes
what do you drink
they don't like the Korean roti what do
you like it I think just because it's
really different it's very Indian yeah
we're not sure
Zeke's gonna beat up baby for you got to
defend yourself don't think he's God I
would say our favorite family dinners
price spaghetti
maybe then tacos that's what you make
and then Korean roti all right so today
is Easter Sunday we had a good time at
church discussing what what did you
learn at church today 20 minutes of this
very long vlog what did you learn at
church today that's right we will all be
resurrected yeah Jesus Christ they
taught you today huh Casey and Caylee
are their Sunday School teachers why are
you acting so Debbie tired what you
learned you what you're supposed to take
those to church all right so listen
everybody let's get religious cuz I know
how the internet loves to talk about no
you don't even have to factor in
religion okay thank you
ten minutes guys we're gonna be on this
log for ten minutes all right so we just
looked up on the internet the
characteristic traits of Jesus Christ
are the attributes of Jesus Christ now
don't freak out hold on hold on before
you freak out if you don't like religion
and spirituality that's fine but there
are some good things that come from the
life of Christ whether you believe that
he was the savior or if you believe that
he was just a man who lived and I think
that's pretty widely accepted that he
was a man that lived on the earth and he
did teach love and that is the center of
what today is supposed to be and we
believe in our church that you're we're
trying to supposed to follow him or to
be like Christ and to try to match his
attributes so you ask yourself well what
attributes did he teach a love was
probably one of the biggest ones we
believe that the very first commandment
is to love God and the way that you are
able to accomplish that commandment is
by loving you guys our fellow man our
brothers and sisters that's the second
great commandment is to love one another
let's sing a song so we sing go get
leader sisters let's sing a song other
attributes that he taught was joy joy
will allow us to enjoy this creation
that we call earth isn't that what we
all want to be happy isn't that the
pursuit
that we are in the pursuit of happiness
peace happiness is a choice that's what
you want right don't you feel better
when you're happy patience Christ taught
patience and I've learned a lot of
patience dealing with four children
I've learned a lot of patience with me
ten minutes okay so what is patience
when starting my patience me just wait
patience is showing tolerance and
fortitude for others and even accepting
difficult situations from them and God
without making demands and conditions
that's patience kindness I'm trying to
be patient with you right now I don't
know what did you lose it there's a
green one in there kindness is taught by
Christ practicing benevolence and loving
and a loving attitude towards others
goodness faithfulness gentleness
forgiving there's a test done by
physiologists that if you forgive others
for people that are willing to forgive
other people live a happier life and
they're less prone to heart disease
because when you're angry
that we and what our church is called a
hard heart when you're angry you're just
like I'm not gonna forgive that person
they made me mad you have literally like
your heart tightens physiologically you
feel tight inside and it's harder to be
happy that way but if you're willing to
forgive and just let bygones be bygones
as Christ taught you release that anger
that tension within you and you're
you're able to be lighter and happier
Christ taught fairness courage
friendship honesty and truthfulness
gratitude being thankful for the things
that you have responsibility contentment
generosity purity and holiness
confidence encouragement attentiveness
wisdom initiative diligence
thoughtfulness all these things and
there's I'm looking up here there's a
website he doesn't go look this up I
just google the attributes of Jesus
Christ seek this Jesus I'm not sure what
this is just popped up and
a list of all the attributes and if you
believe in the scriptures scripture
references to all these places that
Jesus taught these attributes so that's
the point I guess I'm trying to make is
that even if you don't believe in God
these are all good things all those
things I just listed off patience
meekness gentleness kindness forgiveness
those are all good honorable traits that
we seek to have yeah better that will
help you not not even get to heaven who
cares if you get to heaven it will help
you be happier right now right now in
this life and that's what you want right
be honest you want to be happy you want
to be happy
admit it you know I should be happy
there are actually some people out there
that I feel like do just enjoy being
angry and upset all the time so that's
the goal for today just this day is to
try the best you can to be happy and to
find only positivity I know that there's
negative things around you and negative
people and negative situations and
scenarios that happen to you that you
can't help but just for the rest of the
day try to do this try to only focus on
the positive and good that is in your
life and is around you and that means
not leaving a negative comment on this
video it could be a start only finding
the good things in this video yeah and I
feel that you will be happier Oh put
your faith in did you buddy hear me dig
right that all right let's sing a song
you guys ready okay ready come here
hurry hurry we're almost to our
10-minute mark we're gonna sing a song
for you guys oh oh let me see your
bucket use your bucket okay guys that
ready come here hurry
okay ready here we go okay we're in sing
a song rock cards asleep come here see
if we're framed of it one taker good
come here for a face
okay guys ready we're gonna sing a song
what we're saying love one another that
is one thing the Christ taught that is
most important is that we should love
each other our fellow man our brothers
and sisters here on this earth no matter
what that's the most important thing and
the second great commandment is to love
one another case roasting some baby
already gonna play us in on your
recorder play let's hear it
patience patience
beautiful that was beautiful simply
gorgeous
alright everybody have a happy Easter we
love you and we encourage you to show
nothing but love and joy today now I'm
gonna beat up some children some
children come here
Hey
these new command me love wanna know by
the shadows may know that ye are my
disciples if ye have love one to
