in here pack it in pack it out for some
reason when I saw that it remind me of
that plug it in plug it in and
absolutely no alcohol if you guys are
planning on coming to hit down here and
having fun
it's outlawed reach science yeah they
basically outlawed everything no diving
no dogs no boots no fires no fun no
fireworks no methamphetamines Kaylie
gone gone we are here again at El
Matador state beach bringing my parents
my brother low went up here to see the
beautiful nature of California ie who
remembers last time we're here huh some
of the best Instagram pics ever taken
right here on that beach and let's
little overcast dude why did you
schedule us to come to El Matador say
beat on a bad Instagram weather day it
could be good at the Sun peak through
with those clouds about do we have some
nice dynamic light going on with the
ladies and gentlemen just stay tuned
we'll see what happens and I want
everybody to know that in this bag is
one of the best sandwiches ever made and
I am looking forward to eating it and I
bought a football because we're gonna
play catch somebody's making a
production shoot on the red nice that's
the red Kemp considered a high quality
camera in the industry look it up here
guys
look there's Bluffs and birds and
beagles of boy oh boy grandma what do
you got his beach okay
it's gonna be a good workout for you
we're packing it in man we got to pack
it out if we pack it in that's what the
sign says we'll go down here rock cards
hold the football
you ready play some foosball all right I
decided to let you guys cast your eyes
upon the most delicatessen of deli
deliciousness of deli deliciousness the
delicatessen of gently deliciousness
never known to man me and Donna at the
Von's created this delicious masterpiece
all the sandwich artistry of Subway
combined couldn't come together and make
such a delicious what
oh thanks babe all right who's having a
good time
kids kids got Lunchables well there's so
much to look forward to just think about
it that way mom what do you think about
this California coastline you relaxing
relaxing you found a starfish okay no
more talking it's time to put this in my
mouth look we found a little friend is
he cold rock hard look at that little
seal no he knows what he's doing he
doesn't need our help guys back up he's
heavily he might come running out of
there rock card yeah do what he comes on
bites you know don't go pet him oh I
want him to pet him careful guys stay
back you might make him nervous okay I
might make him nervous rock her back up
he's gonna come out there and attack you
bro he's gonna get those big paddles on
his head and whack you in the head dude
you better scoot back hey good dude
he's a wild animal he's just gonna
defend himself thank you psycho one who
touch him you can't touch him look at
him look at his skin you guys careful
rock card you're getting close dude back
up you might get bit he might bite you
might bite you look at his coat you guys
see how it's big and bulky it's because
he's gonna grow into that is he old he
looks like felt it's like an old felt
couch kind of like looks like a baby
after looking at this guy a little bit
longer it seems like he might be old I
thought he was a baby at first but he
kind of seems like maybe he's like an
old geriatric sea lion on his way out
and sick Niki's a sick baby let's call
like maybe animal call 1 900 sea lion
who do you call for that Casey is gonna
make some sea lion steaks Casey's in
trouble
mommy turns got her hood on her she's
got her chocolate and her hood and her
baby bump babe everybody in the videos
been saying oh look at mommy turns cute
little baby bun got a baby bump or is
that a little extra mommy it's Pizza
Pizza I love your pizza bump we're gonna
name the new baby Papa Murphy or
Canadian bacon and pineapple Papa John's
Papa John's Pizza Hut all right this
rock formation is about to burn some
children hi welcome out of the rods this
is a new savanna of possibilities hope
and faith abound here and little locked
ours cool some magical water I think
it's called water don't let it touch
it'll burn your skin wow this is so
pretty we love it here this sweet
talking about weirdo that's an alien
come on rock ours getting too close to
the sea lion I think it's gonna come out
here we have to get him a rabies shot a
sea lion shot any moment just chilling
hey buddy you don't let him bite you got
to protect himself to cradle oh it's
gonna do
that's a cool flapper see that's how he
swims you guys see those big fins they
can swim he knows where the ocean is he
doesn't have neat directions
he has his sealed GPS turned on oh no
throw sand okay you're cut off from sea
lions sorry bro he's only two all right
one of the coolest spots of the El
Matador state beach right here in this
cave mom tell us the story mom a little
bit awesomer Oh mother let go long let's
hear the story part 2 TV last night and
these people were caving and the water
came in and they had to be in the cave
for 36 hours and probably couldn't get
out it rained so hard the rock card
likes it he's getting this bucket full
of goodies I think water comes in here
during high time this be a cool place to
propose any of you living in California
want to propose that special someone you
should come up here to El Matador State
Beach and come in this cave it's very
private it could be romantic give you
lights for one keen your spelunker and
you want to marry that specialist for
longer in your life this could be the
place what are you guys finding now
we're kind of finding all kinds of sea
life hey don't put your finger that's
what happens Oh pink wall come up pick
it up dude is it burnin you know it's
just whoa and all the way in there dude
looks like just a rock now do that one
just put either softly softly oh hold up
you pull it up out of there's a hole all
yeah it's all do that one drop start do
it oh cool
is there pretty yeah it's looking your
finger in it that's like your whole body
check out this see biology really cool
the water is really clear here a lot of
cool shells and I found my momentum
check this rock out that I found isn't
that cool the rest of my life there I'm
going to remind myself right where I
found it when I was hanging out with my
loved ones my family right in front of
this giant mansion right on the beach
probably some of the best California
real estate even possible oh look at
little rock face climbing through the
rocks he's a rock fire
these are big straw
I love coming to places like this
because I don't get jealous I see
something like that house right on the
beach and I think it for that person
whoever worked their butt off get to
have a place like that they deserve good
for them gives me encouragement to work
hard me achieve something like that
right birdies one day I want to fly like
you good for you guys I'm telling you
that's the attitude you have to have an
attitude of abundance there's plenty of
beach houses in the world for you if you
believe that you can have it if you're
the kind of person that's like oh that's
just some rich person I hate that person
that I've got then you're never going to
have those things but do you see
something like that you think good for
that person I'm happy for them and I
believe that one day I can have
something nice like that too then you
will I promise if you don't stop working
overtime little by little pushing and
pushing every day and never quitting you
someday can fly like the prize and
that's been motivational hour with
shaycarl now let's hit my little brother
in the head with this football Logan has
up I'm sorry Logan I thought you're
gonna catch it attacked him right in the
head oh that's mean hey Shane in editing
when we roll that back absolutely not
Shay that was rude and inconsiderate
come on it's funny people get into
hitting that is funny no Shane do it
Logan heads up
dead flip it over yeah I think it's
their heart yet no it's not dead that's
how they are how does it move around
moving slowly there's this like barnacle
kind of thing you cannot move that's
hard as a rock is it early yeah who
knows about starfish that is stay hard
don't worry it's dead is it dead is that
hard - oh that's are they moving it are
they moving around touch those things
they move around they're moving around
spice still alive set it down on the
sand and see if it and Wiggles see if it
does Oh
Gangnam style dance that's the ultimate
test to tell if a starfish is alive or
not
sticks to your face now do a Gangnam
style dance and if it starts dancing
along with you then it's alive these
guys found one over here you guys find
another one you get it off there don't
rip it off the rock face ain't afraid of
the ocean
and it's cold out here baby sir
it's not a warm day out it's definitely
chilly he's rushing around in the ocean
alright these boys are ready to race
there's a stretching out for mana doing
yoga and stuff we go
let go oh no I think I think Logan won
what happened mr marathon man you Little
Italy Dean your old kid beach' hanging
out with spider-man oh yeah you're going
the wrong way
but that's okay that was a nice try one
my own race I got smoked he paid me back
for hit him in the head of the football
he's quick he's quickly like teen
year-old kid I could run farther I bet
longer you guys want to see the house
that we've moved into we very very very
very very very very very first moved to
California in the exact same house the
baby tart got her picture in front of
that was James Blunt's new album CD
there it is right there man there's the
house where it all started for 19 grand
that's one of those houses if those
walls could talk
every up-and-coming youtuber back in the
day was so at some point in or stayed or
lived or slept on the couch of that
house cool story bro
you
