that's how I feel when the pizza shows
up ah good morning everybody today is
one of those days where it's kind of
bittersweet baby char has had a
toothache for a couple weeks and we're
finally going to the dentist what do you
think they were already excited
she keeps saying she's excited but yes
it is exciting to get your tooth fixed
when it hurts isn't it I feel kind of
bad because the dentist that we had in
Idaho was a really fun Dennis it was
specifically a child dentist so they had
really fun murals on the wall and stuff
like that and this was just two regular
Dennis but we're excited to go and get
her too thick so that she doesn't have
to whine about it anymore because that's
no fun to have a toothache so the
doctors already looked at her teeth
would it what did he say tell us what he
said baby card baby card you're
pretending not to notice they dilute
she's trying to pull this button and she
goes that make the explode you can't
push you don't know what that does it's
not yours
no I will not let you be like your
father and explore the dentist's office
hey tell us what's wrong with your teeth
tell us what he found
stinker buddy said that she has a couple
cavities there's one specific one that's
been bothering her but she actually by
8:30 time okay we don't need one notice
what does that mean you have a couple
have it a steam means we need to brush
your teeth more often every morning
we're good at night time the mornings
you need to do hot wine or me do you
gorgeous palm trees under a sunshine day
we're swimming at the pool my parents
are staying here at the Radisson in Los
Angeles next to the airport hey Logan
staring at the chicks in bikinis cake in
South Carolina Keeney's for two seconds
you caught me
so Logan brought his GoPro camera here
and me and Casey Logan made a fun little
swimming montage you're gonna edit that
today yeah I'm gonna go do it right now
okay Logan's gonna edit this fun
swimming montage check out Logan McKenna
55 he has his own channel wouldn't do on
your channel I do a lot of extreme
stunts I go snowboarding I do dirt
biking lost up in the mountains of Idaho
dude is heard of extreme stunts before
if you've never heard of an extreme
stunt this dude has stunts and they're
extreme with a capital e X capital S
shape tell yourself to roll that footage
roll that footage
Hey
mermaid face going to be a mermaid you
havin fun to the pool it's fun huh
you're not having fun it is it's work
yeah in a minute we're about done what
about swam out bro
so go subscribe to my little brother
I'll put a link below and then in the
mystery video today I'll link you to one
of his new videos tomba don't subscribe
to Logan and then subscribe to me it
will subscribe to collect I just gave
you a shout out bro thanks man tell
people to go subscribe your channel
subscribe locum 2k 55 go and click that
yellow bar and he's single as he sorry
single I am just kind of single I have a
person who's not married so there's hope
maybe you could join one of you could be
my sister-in-law one day when that'd be
great you could marry my little brother
it'd be so awesome
I could be your brother-in-law and I
would embarrass you a lot yeah tell her
I always embarrass my ex-girlfriends
yeah anyway he's wrong you know yeah I
do not want a brother-in-law there hey
bro I need a sister-in-law I give you
dad how come you always have the most
stylish clothing out of everybody you
have the best fashion sense out of
anybody I know
I guess just those people I hang out one
thing give me this thing and guess what
I guess that's what it is alright I left
it at your house you guys had fun at the
swimming pool huh Aiden and have fun is
over cool mom and dad are having some of
the nicest california delicatessen known
to man California burger also Nam is in
and out also known as not as good as
Five Guys Burgers that's right I live in
California and I'm daring to say that in
and out is subpar compared to five guys
and many other burgers I'm not an in an
elephant I know I'm not going to ever
get my official California State
residency by saying that but I just
don't like in and out it's not I'm not a
fan of it alright Butler's in an
elevator Butler's in an elevator
Butler's an elevator you're a bad idea
bad idea with Butler's an elevator oh
alright we are here the levers on
like my family using that one elevator
Oh Carly we miss you oh it smells good
up here
oh snap oh great
we'll get that shot of the ball walking
down the house here's a here's the crew
we all just went saying I guess you
started this group you started it on
look at this crew you started think of
all the lives you've changed by birthing
me and these other children you had I'm
probably best off I'm on the soul I just
think of the milkman that you started
this Maps if hates here will you come
yes milkman oh my mom's a whore not of
course when she have a rock for rock art
Oh save the iPad hold that iPad up and
he's rocking the iPad he has a little
briefcase he's headed to class he has a
iPad full of notes he has a psychology
midterm he has to take as a PowerPoint
presentation that he worked on all night
long dad it's on photosynthesis and if
he drops it yeah like that
all right you can't hold the iPad
anymore who dropped it
you're grounded from the iPad mom you
having a good vacation my mom and dad
and brother Logan are all on spring
break and so then they came to playlist
live with us and now they have a whole
week here in California and our kids are
on spring break so it's a good timing so
we're just been hanging out just went
swimming playing going to restaurants
seeing fun stuff and so exciting what's
been your favorite part of your trip mom
I was glad that their planer I didn't
have too much turbulence and the dolphin
show was a hot Jeff no highlight she
loves porpoises porpoises and safe air
travel I was really not one to meet all
those people but it was so fun and they
were so
why I didn't trying to meet all those
people because anything they're gonna
say oh she looks old she's got freckles
she's fat she's hey Charlene it's like
you're self-conscious more a little bit
but then they're so nice it's so kind
everybody is self-conscious of something
that's the thing that you realize is
that when you go to public things like
that you're kind of nervous about you
have you know your weakness that you
know about in your head you're like what
if somebody know this is this and this
and this just think about this everybody
has one of those things in their mind
that they're worried about if somebody
notices like mine is I have sweaty
armpits sometimes I'm like I don't want
to sweat my armpit you know dad dad
what's yours what's your insecurity I
don't have any Oh mister confident
that's my insecurity is I don't have any
insecurities so it makes me terribly
insecure I worry about it and I fret
about it but it just doesn't do any good
I'm probably so called I haven't found
any of good luck to you on your search
for insecurities how are you babe my
princess she was so Zeke has diarrhea
and I'm uploading the vlog so I can't
help I'm given up long let's go on the
vlog takes precedence my dad just said
because Zeke just diarrhea everywhere in
the kennel my dad said the shake art is
about real-life events right why don't
you film in this this is poop that we
are cleaning up I am gonna give Zeke a
bath right now for some reason for some
reason the last couple days he's had
diarrhea so now I have to give him a
bath hey you poop fountain oh man get in
here no no no no come on in the bathtub
Hank come on it's time to take this
puppy in the bathtub Oh Stevie grab all
you give is Iike bath I'm focused
get in here you got it all over your
paws yeah I take a bath deep space goop
monster pooping everywhere then of
course you stepped in it I thought we
need to get a house with a yard get
ridiculous now when you drink in the
water of the bathtub done good eats a
guy's here whoo whoo Pete Smith Pete
Smith come on in pizza man you're the
coolest guy ever like a rock guard hi
sunder I get that pizza from him yeah
hey baby Tyra come here put the pizza
man up with a fiver spot hook hook him
up yeah pizza man Rock char you want
some pizza
you have to get his soul out cause he
can't get up there so he has to fill out
his little legs or he can get up and be
a part of the whole was excited for
Pete
yeah it's all pizza bro excited you
hungry yeah that's gross well with that
that's how I feel with the pizza shows
up beta dude you're the one that's the
lightsaber get him Zeke come here nope
Oh get him Zeke get him I'm ready I'm
ready for any battle I'm ready for you
no just slow psychedelic robot all right
that's the end of today's vlog but
before we leave you we have to say
goodnight with our annual robot dance
you can't go until I turn you on
you guys are robots perfer
this
psychedelic robot
mom come on you can rub on better than
that dad's the only one totally
committed to this robot apprentice art
is committed all right good night
everybody the Los Angeles California
that was the Shaytards vlog we'll see ya
taro all right ladies and gentlemen boys
and girls this ride has come to a
complete stop but the good news is we're
dropping you off at a launchpad for more
Shaytards excitement
if you missed yesterday's vlog it's so
simple just click on the yesterday's
vlog button if you want to go check out
my hot younger brother who's 18 and
legal check out the feelin lucky button
what that sounds inappropriate if you
want to see what our family was doing on
this exact day one year ago two years
ago three years ago and even four years
ago on this exact day in time you can go
back four years ago today and see what
the Shaytards were doing if you want to
be as stylish and fashionable as my
father you can go get the four-year
anniversary Shaytards shirts that will
only be available for three more days
we're talking 72 hours people and they
will be gone and offline forever trust
me you'll be kicking yourself I should
have got one of those shirts you got to
go right now to rodeo rk2 put a link
below it's the first link right there
look down there see look look down a
little bit just I love it see that Lake
you can click on it click right there
and go get yourself a shirt and of
course we love you and appreciate your
thumbs up what J's have kind of a thumbs
up button right I mean just for how I
mean you should thumbs up just for logan
6-pack alone those ABS don't make
themselves people you've got to crunch
those abs into submission
so go ahead and thumbs up for Logan's
hot bod all right I'm done selling my
brother we love you guys we'll see you
tomorrow
