hi I'm login here hello my name is Shane
I am the editor for the Shaytards slugs
I edit all the vlogs I've never
introduced myself to you at this point I
would like to say hello hi I'm Shane uh
for today's vlog there is a little old
leftover footage from playlist live the
Shaytards are back here in Los Angeles
and their mom and dad Karl and Laurie
are hanging out here with them for
spring break but there is still a little
leftover footage from playlist live the
meet and greet at the Shaytards had and
some of the onstage footage where the
girls had a cute moment of singing some
Taylor Swift so Shay has informed me
that I should put that footage here in
this vlog but then we will be caught up
tomorrow with the up-to-date current
footage quick sidenote it was baby tard
suggestion to sing the song on stage at
playlist live which is quite rare for
her because she is quite shy in public
places and around people she doesn't
know so Shay was quite tickled pink that
she was willing to sing that Taylor
Swift song in front of hundreds of
people on stage at playlist live so
thanks for your patience and now we will
resume the vlog of the Shaytards I am
Shane the editor and it was very nice to
meet you have a great day alright we're
here with security we're going down
right now
alright here to the elevator how were
the other girls along their company is
ready boy pandemonium change our
pandemonium
sit down rock card go hit the down
button son card has it so we're going
down right now is are many beaten great
bet the whole crew here mom there's
gonna Karim Ali yes real quick
wait that was weird sorry oh yeah I
forgot about that sorry Sam I'm sorry
I'm just joking dad we should kiss real
quick come here dad
babies are you ready sign some
autographs it's crazy I don't think
we're gonna be able to fit in there how
are we gonna fit in there see you guys
gonna get the next elevator Hey look at
all these people hey guys
by drawing it up right now give high
fives dude yeah high five right there
right there right there
so headed to our meetup what's up guys
right now we're going to go take
pictures everybody spool
I mean
I
okay three hours later this is the last
two in line sorry guys no more
autographs or pictures we're cutting it
off all right start making out with my
wife so we just finished with the Maine
great show me your hands girls show me
your hands their hands have marker
everywhere and we're probably going to
get a bill from the hotel
look at this tablecloth baby tart hearts
all kinds of stuff Logan and Sun tart
have been signing over here you're in
the blog you're in the blog smile look
pretty look pretty what's this oh this
is cool oh this is the picture we just
took it took Polaroid they brought
polaroid pictures that's cool that
selfie look great man he's turned out
well nice thanks ladies you're in the
block show me that picture okay you guys
listen her name is Jessie look at her
look how hot she is she's shown the
before picture
I've lost 90 pounds look at that
before-and-after if she can do it
anybody can do it yeah she says she does
she exercises on the treadmill every day
as she watches the vlog very impressive
Suzy when I was 13 years old so even
teenagers can do hallory now I'm 19 19
nice job thank you
bedtime
it is my distinct second fifth year of
vlogging and just popping with you these
things they're all going to join us
today on the top now to put out their
lives
I'm going to bring their brothers and
sisters that we should I break it up
banana house sub car it's throughout
swag you swaggin alright little ramp a
guitar come on go yeah yeah Ali bring
her over here it's gonna hurt mantra
Israel's okay anymore we have my others
one more he goes by the name of a rock
star
yeah guys I want to thank goodness I got
one of the closing remarks all right do
it again
you guys are you impressed they just
came running up to me they said dad
Roland is here do it boys do the one
line that you always do Oh shorts with
love the face he loves the face he loves
yeah I figure you gotta breathe heavy
first we gotta get a picture in the yeah
dude they're excited to meet you they
were like nervous like no no guys okay
here we are at TGI Fridays with the king
of the CTFxC army and his princess a
word democracy there's the princess of
the CTV s seeks every woman we don't
know we're a democracy or a democracy oh
good
na do-kyun queenship president president
Zelaya no president are we off we're up
girls ruff okay i supposed to show real
quick look the girls rock lined the
windowsill and now I told them they have
to hurry and put it back I know
hurry get them all put them in oh that's
great where any idea false alarm
oh good we need some more time to clean
up these rocks okay pick all these ones
up off this menu got to pick them all up
they wanted we've been we've been out
here waiting for 45 minutes so they
started to build some rock art on the
windowsill and they got these today at
playlist live they got these little what
do they call them - - you think I'd know
my two - lingo a little bit
Ali did a tutorial a tutorial a to
tutorial that's what you should have
named the video 2 tutorial I was going
to but I was like I was gonna get it
actually was the title might change or
change because like Noah's gonna get it
did seem funny though to tutorial right
by a rock can you afford that bro oh
thank you baby tired are you're not
gonna charge him contain three wishes
dude you got three wishes boy what are
your three wishes they have magic in
them you can't wish for more wishes no
cheating I feel like there's a loophole
somewhere like a wish loophole right
printer started what would you wish for
if you had three wishes
I'll give you you have the magic fish
frog spaghetti for the biggest spaghetti
bowl on earth child's minds I love it
dude maybe you weren't there but I
jumped in the biggest bowl of spaghetti
on earth spaghetti was a quitter than
Mama's oh you want mom to make the world
record biggest three wishes
I wish I could cry four wishes
oh that's better than that last lame
Rock it only had three wishes Oh
thirty-eight wishes dude who wants to
rock I'll give you 38 free wishes that's
a lot of free wishes there eat that
really quick I've made her eat my wishes
that was my one true wish I'm pretty
sure
I threw my phone across room you this
morning I don't be a baby
so high it's so high when if I roll an
ankle grandma please grandma no I can't
do it
hey there you are grandpa come on
grandpa help me off here man
help a guy out don't be a wuss dude it
is why you guys have never been up this
high before
oh come on bubby you can do it you can
do it jump off jump off you could do it
hey come on don't be such a wuss you can
do it you just have to take one step
look at him he is like almost tripled in
size since I've got him what you're a
wee dude let's go let's go let's go come
on puppy come on bubby so close up oh
good boy dead end
oh so bad I guess okay okay I could do
that
and now we're dancing on Universal
CityWalk how we roll
yes I know I see that every are you
ready to do that babe we do it see mom
and dad when you're here in LA you get a
lot of guys oh what's up they're holding
the hands we saw it
ain't dance one to dance and dance again
shoe yeah dance stands one two three
can't one one dance with me one two to
the fancy like those gases and fancy
food hey we're the pre-start shirt oh
yes okay there's there's so much
screentime for each child everybody
wants to be on camera you lost your shoe
what are you gonna do you like the
little old woman who had so many kids
she didn't know what the Dukes lived in
a shoe
hey by the way PS these four year
anniversary shirts are only available
for four more days then they will be
offline forever hey take your shoes off
dude Gumby's rockin it Gumby style print
start like those classes like that shirt
I like that rock tart I like that
grandma grandpa
hey there's my wife there's one I love
your dance with your hands too pocket
they're totally loving the dancing she
always goes to Gangnam style Gangnam
style
now it's ballet time beautiful oh sorry
what was I thinking gymnastics ballet
we're hanging out here at Universal
CityWalk a lot of fun to install the
Croods it's pretty good because my
favorite animated move is pretty good I
didn't mind it and it minded
so here we are on Universal CityWalk
it's beautiful extravaganza of colors
and right and we just saw the truths hey
Rock charts did you like that movie
oh he's mesmerized by the guitar did you
like that movie Rock card hey did you
like that movie Oh fine you're in the
movie goes unlike that movie we saw the
Croods the one with the cavemen it was
really cute like dancin a crazy kid and
a crazy family so we're back in LA we'll
get up to date tomorrow
we just had some leftover footage from
playlist live that I wanted to show you
guys have put it in today's vlog go
check out the one year ago video today
right there in the middle I just went
and watch it and it's crazy to see
Malachi looking so strong and healthy
for some reason in my mind it feels like
so long ago that Malachi left us but I
went and clicked on the one year ago
video to watch and it's like man there's
Malachi and he looks so strong just big
and now we have Zeke it's just crazy how
time and life flies by really you just
gotta sit down sometimes and appreciate
the little things check out yesterday's
video a lot of you say was the best
Shaytards vlog in a long time I thought
it was really good too I got again I
can't lie I thought it was really good
we had such a good time at SeaWorld it
was really fun go watch it and I have
seen the movie The Cove what this is the
end slate they can't see you so it's
just voice what do you think about the
oral well is your favorite part and when
we saw the dolphin show the dolphin is
Jawas amazing centaur was your favorite
part my favorite part was when we went
on the Kraken and the manta ray a bunch
of time oh yeah they had really good
rollercoasters I forgot mean son tired
we dominated those we went on him like
four times each all right we're headed
to Grandma and Grandpa's hotel to go
swimming the guys are like telling me to
hurry up so I can go get my swimming
suit on and go something okay bye bye
tell him you'll see him tomorrow
are you psycho kids
