hi I'm login here it is the first day of
class as we are out getting breakfast
for the running class hey guys Dave
wanna play lists live we have the
playlist running club me and flutter
getting fruit and breakfast for the
playlist live running club and that's
what we're doing okay
over now alright we're doing healthy
breakfast we got fruit and muffins
bagels and water just looking for
napkins
and some plates and utensils dance mom
it's hard it's early it's 7:00 a.m. all
right here we are with the running club
this is Colette Colette it's Colette
Colette - cool let's tell your name Zack
Zack I'm Lisa Lisa Sophie I'm Brendan
what's with your I guess talk funny
did you guys why here all the way from
England for the playlist lives
no Kira loser Mike Michael we're going
running right now five miles
I asked what they wanted to just sleep
in but they want to go running so he's
very well and we got watermelon for
breakfast and then muffins and apples
and it's all healthy stuff you guys
except for these banana net ones these
are all mine you guys can't have any of
those
alright Colette's gonna tell us how she
found out about the shade heart last
year on July when did Khan is going on I
want to see new videos about VidCon but
they were all the 2012 so I put today
unlike the choices the search options
yeah nice a happy birthday Colette and I
was like whoa I was like this is weird
and they're so I clicked on it and I was
like this looks cool I saw more videos
and I think the second video I saw boys
your um like Father's Day yeah like this
is such a cool family and I saw more and
more and then that's it I was hurtin
that's right we'd had like a surprise
for you last year so Colette found
Colette and then and you've watched
every single video since right and
thumbs up yeah right
alright are you single are you single
I'm gonna hook some people up here hey
what running club love oh I really like
to force love unto people I'm trying to
get these two to get married I proposed
already this morning all right
how was it good how far we go was our
official longer than the bond team oh
definitely five point three one hey you
guys it's great you guys look nice and
sweaty that talk on four talked about
Dave Ramsey hold them some secrets about
the Shaytards vlogs don't tell you did
it so you can't time that thing that
thing's yeah come on attire did you film
this not yet I set up without a
watermelon wasn't Anders I've been able
to stick with my diet is the only thing
I eat for breakfast is fruit I just
gotten into that mode we're like I don't
eat anything other than fruit it's like
a good clean-out you know what I mean
it's like I'm cleaning out from all the
crap I ate the night before some fruit
for noon but on that note we do have
bagels and muffins just so you know what
is that
what was the family like responsibility
one of the first experiences I had I
remember we had just made videos for
maybe a couple months if we weren't even
making a living on it yet
we went to this semi-pro baseball game
in Salt Lake and this girl came up to me
and said Carl I know you would
watch one youtube this is like four and
a half years ago and all my family was
there they started making fun of me oh
she loved your videos and we got this
picture of this girl but I remember my
mom and dad and my aunt and uncle a doll
they're like thank you funny and I was
almost like embarrassed
Oh people know you well I was ancient
bird while people were massaging my feet
seven sometimes I like get a little
concerned that he will come to playlist
live in VidCon it's like you hear these
youtubers like yeah they videos and I
started being rich and famous as simple
as that it's tough you know a lot of
these youtubers they don't say it is
there they were you know 12 to 15 hours
a day and it's a different kind of work
you're never off the clock in a sense
you know you know and you get a regular
job you clock out at 5:00 you're like
I'm not going to think about that place
again until Monday morning when I have
to go back and clock in this job it's
like 24 hours a day seven days a week
year on the job I had a granite
countertop business when I first started
the YouTube thing when I first saw like
buying an actually make money doing this
I was a husband with two kids you know I
had to pay the bills at net either bring
home the bacon and so you know I had
build my mortgage we just bought a house
I remember our very first check that
first check came in it was like 326
bucks I remember telling her that I was
like come check this out 326 bucks that
entire utilities for this one I didn't
believe it I went out of my bank I'd
like to withdraw
I would spin really quick still
ugly take this back okay
then I'm actually at money from being
just me on YouTube once I realized that
in my body I was like 4 videos needs
more money I know I'll make a video
every day and so I told to start a
little bit earlier but the paycheck
after our first month of daily vlogs
I have Rihanna my wife and saying come
in here and cuz you know the Adsense you
can track it and you know looking at the
amount was like that was more than I was
making at my full time granite job and
it wasn't like a ridiculous amount of
money I always hate like he can't say
you guys want to know it was a quick
work to a full time job that you would
get after getting a bachelor's degree
wasn't a hundred thousand dollars ni
ml's more than thirty thousand dollars a
year
annual income that I'm going to give you
like an idea
I was like honey we can compare our
mortgage like this could be our
full-time job it was still good good to
be true like you today this is five
years later you know like you know why
you pinched myself it's like this is
amazing but you know this this penalty
specifically it's not just Adsense you
know we've taken advantage of other
streams of revenue like merchandise you
know we sell calendars drive everybody
okay government and shirts and have I -
I teach animals yeah I made a lot of
YouTube artists you know Dave days makes
killing on iTunes you know he doesn't
make as much money on is an Adsense
on but selling music on YouTube is huge
and that's it's a big reason that the
music
industry is changing because these
artists can just do whatever they want
they don't have to go through a record
label and then there's brand deals you
know you know youtubers like over like
big billboards France pay to get their
product in front of a lot of eyeballs if
you have a good Fred this is you've got
to check out this movie it's so good
you're right you'll see that movie
that's what youtubers are but their
friends are like they're only 100,000 or
200,000 a million friend sometimes like
yeah yeah if you're not as popular just
or but but yeah and it's been you know
it's been a grind it's been a lot of
work but I wouldn't trade it for the
world
I just run back try for a second he
doesn't want to believe like you know
somehow they can take away you made a
video every single day said more videos
but if you ended your advice like is
necessarily I'll let me I'm just getting
started
more is better or you know would you
agree that kind of like start with one
solid video and create a demand and then
increase that I mean yeah what we do is
is weird and I don't recommend our
format to everybody because you know I
have you know four adorable children and
a way hotter wife than average you know
I really left out of that aspect so it's
quality over quantity a lot of times and
especially nowadays back when I started
you know I was ahead of the curve I just
lucked out because I was on YouTube five
years early you know it wasn't like I
did meeting special I got lucky and had
sexy Phil give me a shout out in 2007
and at that time every youtuber do every
other youtuber so gatherings like these
were like there were no fans it was just
like all the youtubers would show up and
we would just hang out and make videos
together it's just like a bunch of
friends making YouTube videos so it was
like weird a little lucky in that aspect
but now like businesses and Hollywood
are all getting into the game so you if
you're creating content it has to be
good you know cuz there's you know the
supply and demand is like home totally
changed so you have to create something
unique and it's hard because everybody
knows doing
different things but there's something
that you can find you know I don't want
to be discouraging but it's a lot harder
now it's a lot harder to get in and make
money there's some people a large
cross-section of your audience that
doesn't know that you can subscribe we
never got to have a million subscribers
on Shaytards and I literally was filming
my youtube channel page saying look you
guys were twenty thousand subscribers
away from hitting a million that's so
cool like you can subscribe here and
then we started a channel for floods dad
and I'm like her dad's and go subscribe
my channel right now and I showed the
actual process of clicking the subscribe
button and we got like 10,000
subscribers which I was sure was just
people that would just show up for the
Shaytards every day to watch but didn't
know you could subscribe or didn't know
that that was a thing it doesn't hurt to
ask you don't like it's amazing the
power of asking somebody excited
something that's I think the genius of
every crap but it's - it's like you've
seen the popularity of that show is just
amazing and because the format is so
interactive it really engages with us I
can't comment do you think one suggest
the next topic and it gives people that
leadership over that shows that they
want to display and then you building
your alright we are at lunch we're going
to lunch with budget rulers get your
kwinter camera when I was vlogging first
double vlog travel vlog triple walk oh
sorry with them and with trapeze with
the waiters if shaycarl he does he was
inspired by my daily blogs David doing
daily ever since you started daily
vlogging I thought you don't I'm gonna
do I'm gonna make a video every single
day yeah that's what I do
Cheers oh the kids Potter Oh
I can do without laughing that's the
hardest part you laughing it looks like
it oh I got these guys we go you're not
a good director your cat just died and
action
that's the butteriness of the buttermilk
biscuits
we're at Cracker Barrel and we're having
our milk this is weird to eat a biscuit
with a perm you know okay with a four
that's what George Costanza would do
you're great makes fun of it because I'm
doing George Costanza Widow at the floor
we're having lunch I just spit all over
the camera
rock hard let's see those aah oh yeah
I'm a queen we Idol and he walked away
tell us about your day what did you guys
do today did awesome stuff with Grandma
tarted grandpa
oh wow I hear you got spoiled you got
yogurt with Eminem in it APICS cute oh I
better solve that right away I know her
good night I bet so I got this man with
a bow in her name is sweet good identity
I got all did you get the baby room
please
and an end and they have yogurt and you
put the end that's in the yogurt hey
shut up and eat
it's really good no I don't wanna be
cool bro booth aunt your name is really
Sparkle
Rose Sparkle oh I love it oh you have to
take three boxes of stuff down yo the
show and fun
you have exactly two minutes to decide
which child took the longest yeah I
would get that you're just like your
mommy she's just like me you see and one
thing I still had to cut her off I said
okay it rocks her what's he doing
everything I know he's got his lightning
McQueen yes no ride today oh well they
went to Walmart he finally cross into
the dance so we got like three great big
plush towels and laid him in the cart
then I go to town jewelry so he was like
in this little car cred well scrap
sounds like you guys we had a great day
hey no that is vacation one that's what
you call that I'm only the good stuff do
to top it off you guys this is my daddy
I love my daddy daddy I love you dad I'm
sorry Carl
Danijela things you have to put up with
drugs and guys look at my daddy too
tight my dad this is my father my
father's my dad and she's a good dad all
of my daddies are right here my wife Jen
drugs during the pregnancy what I
thought that was wrong hey girls this is
my daughter
my goodness are you okay yeah for the
baby see my daddy good thing we're not
in a hotel where people are around us or
anything
and that concludes our tutorial today on
how to get kicked out of a hotel room so
playlist live was an amazing time we had
such a good time meeting all of you we
met hundreds and hundreds of you took
pictures got to sign autographs the kids
are ecstatic over all the presents that
you guys gave them in the line them
during our meet and greet my mom and dad
had a pretty big eye opening about what
this whole YouTube thing is about this
is their first like YouTube convention
type thing that they've ever been to and
they were really shocked at like all of
you who came to see us they didn't
believe me I really don't think they
believed us that that many people
watched our videos so they got to see it
firsthand and they had a good time we
worse they basically hung out at the
pool most the time we were there but
it's over now we're back home and we'll
get the vlogs back on track tomorrow we
have some awesome footage from SeaWorld
that I'm going to show you I can't wait
for you to see the SeaWorld video that's
coming up tomorrow we appreciate you
guys check out yesterday's vlog the big
announcement thank you thank you thank
you again for all the support and
congratulations in the tweets in the
comments that we've gotten from
thousands of people it's been super
overwhelming we love you guys
check out the feelin lucky button and
see what the Shaytards were doing one
two three and four years ago today well
I'll see you tomorrow I love my daddy
