that's right they're having a baby
they're having a baby and if you are
plays life you could be pregnant too
congratulations to all of you by the way
hi I'm logging here can you talk to you
guys on something real quick let's are
super far apart from each other okay you
would be on talent on Wow oh my get to
know that I love you eat so much every
time one of you have entered into our
family it's brought so much joy to our
lives and so and I just want to tell you
guys something
you gonna cry what why are you ruining
the moment all time you wanna know me we
are having another baby I'm Fredrik mom
is pregnant
sorry happy
no we're gonna happen
have another yes we have another baby be
probably in like seven months around
Thanksgiving wouldn't have another baby
tell me what are your honest feelings
are you I did you hear that your mother
is pregnant again you're not gonna be
the baby of the family anymore gonna be
first do you want to get boy or girl
okay sit down tell us what you sit down
with interview about charge so now I'm
interviewing you about it seriously okay
what are you guys okay yeah what do you
think be honest
sit over there sit down there what do
you think it's I'm nervous how did he
not does she peed on a stick what what
you love babies
like how do you like are you excited
Gavin yeah anything order what's your
worries what's your good search for you
had said that you were a little bit you
didn't really want me to because you'll
worry about the responsibility is that
still a concern of yours
are you worried that you'll be
responsible or that I'll have too much
responsible but you feel be more
responsible for the doctor you will the
big yeah dude you'll be responsible for
the dog you're not the baby's mom or dad
John I wait for her of the bait boy you
know you just get away with it avian
what a boy or a girl
girl yeah horse girl or boy a horse yeah
that's gonna be so you guys think about
this think about this when remember only
told you that mom was friend with Brock
yes remember how that was kind of scary
and we didn't know this would be like
can you imagine right now if we didn't
have Brock in our lives
think he'll sad that would be if rock
wasn't here so think about this when
this new baby comes we're going to love
this new baby just as much as your are
Brock it may be even a little more
we'll probably knows by that so oh I bet
you wanted to sleep in your room with
listen Rosie yeah we we don't get to
decide does it I mom maybe whatever it
is it's all tournament decided by
Heavenly Father so whatever we're going
to have you'll just get to be okay we
don't want to pay well how don't you so
there's there's okay it's a process
there's like these little tests that you
can buy at the grocery store and it took
all the pregnancy tests and if you think
you're pregnant the way that you tell is
you get this little thing you pee in a
cup and then you take a little stick you
put it in the peen it's crazy I know
baby put in your pee
and you guys were asleep this happened a
couple nights ago and me and mom decided
to take this pregnancy test and I went
in the bathroom yeah ticket to he's not
right don't worry
yeah I peed on the stick so then we and
then it tells you if there's like a
little line then you're pregnant and if
there's no line then you're not pregnant
so mom put the thing in the pee that she
set it on the counter and then she was
like cleaning up after her because she
peed all over and I was the first one to
know so I was looking at it and I was
covered it up so I want her to see I was
like and she was am i and I'm like oh my
head and I knew and then I told her I'm
like you're pregnant so we're gonna have
a fifth baby in our family well listen
here's the next thing we have to keep it
a secret for a while okay so because you
know we don't want anybody to know it's
because you know mom gets tired of like
having that conversation a million times
oh you're pregnant by lawyers have to
make sure we talk
take a while so mom's gonna gradually
get bigger and bigger invader takes nine
months so she's gonna get fatter over
time so listen here's the important
thing you guys cold out even when your
mom is fat we still have to love her
okay right okay mom it's super much for
cheap price battery and mom will freak
out about some things that's okay
realize she's pregnant she's gonna be a
little crazy
well dad I'll sleep a lot you need to
give me lots of farm so the baby will be
helped and daddy needs for us to name it
Rosie what are you what if it's a boy
okay
couch that's a good name
let me get Rosie Rosie Castro will you
cap tarantula Rao try me Gabriel Gabriel
what do you think Kevin Zachary's that's
a good girl
I think you can already tell I was like
you he's like oh the baby's still Brock
do you know mommy's gonna have another
baby
that'll be funny that'll be funny to see
how Bravo that'll be interesting to see
how Brock rocks on it ya know me you
guys hey no coaching your city Oh be
nice like only gonna have the baby oh we
don't even know yeah yeah I feel like
you're super nervous are you okay talk
to us oh yeah no no hey give me kiss
very scary little what's running for
your life
yeah just oh boy like once week my baby
yeah dude don't worry about a little
protective will protect the baby no you
remember when you were born we have at
Malachi yeah and he was super gentle
with you by the time the baby comes
equal be well-trained will be roses
no say it won't be biting as my
surely you'll be my middle so you guys
we need to start practicing listening to
your mom and dad more because now
there's gonna be five kids you guys are
going to be on your best behavior
now gonna be laughing we can out cuz now
like when he won he is four so when he
gets older engage when I could tell on
the day all of you guys should know we
should have filmed this yeah dang it
oh those cameras are rolling guys you're
on camera right now
cameras Rob all these cameras see that
camera over there that camera there's a
camera in there all your dampers are
filming I mean I mean there's a secret
or record let's see inside there yeah
look inside the cage right there oh
don't drop that dude be very careful
okay
oh I don't like cameras a little say
babies are all right actually only job
