we have a late upload tonight we just
got back from SeaWorld and I got some of
the goodest footage the goodest footage
the funniest Goodis footage ever so
today is gonna be a quick one you guys
we're at playlist live and then we took
the whole family to SeaWorld and now
we're exhausted and we're here in our
hotel room so I have a clip from
business day at playlist live you look
really kind of I'm not gonna lie
hot very hot rock tears eating a bucket
of cookies Rock did you have fun today
at SeaWorld
did you see the dolphin saw dolphins in
a killer whale I'm not even exaggerating
I can't wait to upload this vlog with
the dolphin show and the killer whale
show and I did some dancing some public
dancing it's gonna be a really good vlog
that'll Kali it'll drive you up on
Tuesday anyway say hi to the family it's
right now it's Saturday night right now
hey everybody who had fun at SeaWorld
who had fun
hey hey Shamu do you have fun at
SeaWorld dad was scared we forced him to
go in the matter okay so what I'm about
to show you right now is a clip of me on
in the very first day on Friday of
playlist live I got to do a little
speech about business
there was the business day Friday is the
first day of playlist live and they
talked about you know the business of
YouTube and all that and they asked me
to give like a little ten minute speech
just about you know how I got started in
business and I have a little little
speech that I give here so I'm gonna
show that to you guys right now and then
tomorrow is one take Sunday big
announcement I said I just said it it's
a good it's the goodest announcement
that we've ever made
it's the goodest but seriously stay
tuned tomorrow
big announcement what
we might because let me traveling all
day don't be pissed
well travel in travel alright see you
guys tomorrow
here's the clip of me on stage
oh no no you're just out oh no I'm not
gonna come to playlist live again it you
guys hang here Mike
okay so I was thinking about what I was
going to talk about here at business day
and I had a really cool experience
yesterday actually I thought I would
share with you guys my grandfather
Colonel Eugene Haynes Butler was a
colonel in the Air Force and after he
retired from the Air Force he started
his own business started a clothing
store in Cache Valley which is in Logan
Utah called the Union it was a men's and
women's clothing store maybe you could I
don't know what you'd compare it to like
maybe like the buckle let me know what
the buckle is a buckle of its day anyway
so my grandfather he started this
clothing business and yesterday on our
way here to playlist live walking
through the airport was my my grandpa
has since passed away he died about
three or four years ago from a stroke
big part of my life always growing up
grandpa Eugene was like the guy I looked
up to he was a colonel in the Air Force
so you went when you went to his house
it was like you've told the line and you
did what grab by Eugene said because he
was a colonel in the Air Force right I
always loved to tell that story but
anyway and we're sitting there and this
guy who was a pilot now walked by my
mom's like cameras Mik Mik and she's
like this is your Grandpa's business
partner who started the Union you know
like years and years ago and it was cool
to meet this guy cuz I'd never met him
before
and I really have to like I'll just keep
it here put in my pocket
oh just like normal anyways the point of
the story is if it wasn't for
entrepreneurs like my grandpa I probably
even be here because my mom and dad met
in the mall or my grandpa had this
clothing business my mom worked at Zales
jewelers she sold the diamonds ladies we
lacked those diamonds and my dad worked
for my grandpa his dad at the clothing
store and they met in the mall so if it
wasn't for small
this an entrepreneurial minded people I
may never be a Fed made know though so
talk about business what's the point of
business money right and why do we want
money we got a 5 stuff if you think
about it we go to school from
kindergarten at least tell you graduate
don't drive ok so all the way through
the whole thing so at least for 13 years
and then a lot of people to higher
education for what reason so that you
can get a good job right you got to get
that degree or you get a piece of paper
so you can get a good job and if you
think about if you break business down
to this you know the most basic level
we're all trying to achieve the same
thing you want to get money so we can
buy nice things and spend more time with
our friends and family that's the point
of it right we want to be with our
friends and family so we need money
because this unless we're going to start
living on the law of concentration we're
like you know you milk my cows and I
turn your butter that's probably not
going to happen so we need money to live
in this world and you know money is
always looked on as bad sometimes like
the root of all evil but money is amoral
money is like a break you can use a
break to build a church or you can use a
brick we have Bachelet over the head so
money isn't bad it's you know the greed
of money so if you bring business down
to the basic level we're just trying to
do things so that we can spend more time
with our friends and family and that's
what's really important right now don't
get me wrong if some people have
businesses because they have a passion
and they have a dream and they want to
do something good in the world and
that's the best business being is
something that you love and that's
always the hope that I had I never ever
gave up the hope of doing something
and to tell you that it's not know if
you guys notice but work sucks right
don't you hate nothing to learn that
clocking in and you have somebody that
tells you when where you have to be I
remember back when I was you know I had
a boss I couldn't you know I wanted well
one lunch with my wife when a dream I
couldn't it because I was on the clock
my brother Logan who was here this life
is so long ladies to be watching out for
me he hasn't quit his job because he
tried to get time off to come here and
be with us on the spring break because
it's time you can get the time off we're
really busy right now
and just that concept of like you can't
leave you can't go be with your family
in Orlando for tea with your to stay
here and make sandwiches for us we're
gonna sandwich shop I hated that feeling
of feeling that somebody controlled me
it told me like when and where I could
be and when I had to show up and it's
not like I'm afraid of work we have to
work hard so the point of it all is
believe at least have that hope I know
some of you I read the comments on
Twitter you know YouTube like well
you're just logo is feeling TV do a
shout-out and now you know a few kids
and I'm up I'm just lucky you just have
that baby not old and you
do something you love them don't have to
have a job I'm eight and you might or a
little because you gotta pay the bills
you know you gotta you know we have a
bike groceries and stuff for your back
but the point is is you have to believe
in the being able to find something that
you love because at the end of the day
like they talked about at the very
beginning or justice you're just working
supposed to have money so you can be
with your friends and family if you can
do something that you love turn that
money to be with your friends and family
they're happy bad so that's the first
step you know and I can't there's a
million things I could say oh I know
this is what you need to do it might be
successful in business
the point is is have that hope that you
can find something that you love you can
make a difference in other people's
lives and you'll get paid for because if
they love what you do you'll be one of
the best people at and if you're the
best at something you're probably gonna
get paid pretty well do it because if
you love it it's gonna do it you do it
for free that's the goal you want to
find something to do for free and if
somebody they pay you do what you love
and that's what happened with me in
YouTube I started romantic countertop
business about five or six years ago I
was working for a gun Decapitator it
worked you know 12 hours a day I had
clock in at 6 a.m. and I usually did
clock out 6:00 at night when we finish
it's really no renovating a kitchen or a
bathroom and I worked hard all day long
to earn money to provide for my wife and
kids I didn't want that
so I knew because of my grandpa and my
dad who were entrepreneurial spirit I
wanted all of my own businesses so when
I started my granite countertop business
it was like I don't want to do manage
our tops for a living but I know I
wouldn't work with myself I want to be
my own boss so starting that business
and you got to think of it in two steps
like you're not going to get that dream
job tomorrow you have to like to work
towards it get in the field that you
love whatever it is whether it's
youtuber is something totally different
you don't find that thing that you love
and just believe that you can and you
will it's time you know the secrets of
life are hidden behind the word cliche
all the times you like almost just
appreciate that's the secret the secret
is there's no secrets never give up
never quit have patience sucks at
patience wait
sometimes you have to waiting things to
happen in to work hard over time
tortoise and the hare it's the best
story you can read best book out there a
soft baby tortoise wins every time
slow and steady wins the race it's just
like a river you know cuts through
mountains just that persistence and you
Dufresne dugout escaped prison with this
phone because they didn't know what
every day is does a little bit you get
stopped Chaitra productions such an
epidemic check it out it's on the movie
place where you get it movies where do
you get that's a good business right
quite so isn't the point this is leap in
yourself
I always say that YouTube is a dream
true of a dream I never knew I even had
this is you know for me to be able to
you know I always have like every couple
weeks I have that realization like I can
pay to be with my family and it's a lot
of work I'm not saying it's like this
jelly Organa that it's you know my hot
wife you kids you know I was up till
2:30 in the morning last night editing
today's vlog and I got up at 7 this
morning's going about one where's
Brittany there is buddy one 5040 menu
but that's the key is not giving a
bleeding that you can find something you
love and being persistent and all that
crap together me say that videos so love
them to put this live this is like the
perverse official thing am I like it
should be fun the next three days you'll
see us walking around and it will be
about being green on Sunday and then I'm
gonna be on like 800 planets so if you
want to hear my voice more which I like
to hear my words check out this panel so
thank you guys for coming out it's good
to see you you're beautiful handsome
especially thanks guys
