hi I'm logging here here comes the crew
bright and early rise and shine
Canadians it's time to fly to Orlando
Florida who's excited do it dad's Corey
dance right now
instant lose teens what is that alright
so we headed to the airport so they can
fly to playlist live how do you like it
it's almost Canadian it's just missing
and now I need to get the Canadian yeah
check out Corey's merchandise and Cory's
merchandise no we don't need to do that
mom and dad are coming in today so it's
a big day and then we're flying out
tomorrow to go to playlist live guru is
going to be there see there the plane is
coming out of the Mist it's gonna land
on us
whoa that was cool huh you guys that
airplane almost landed on it that sounds
close it was good I thought of their
head must be the runway but no it
realized it was the cement don't be
ridiculous chorus vlog America's
dangerous dangerous I told him no we
should have our cameras out by the time
I got to this runway cuz it's really
cool how the planes come in it looks
like it's almost gonna land on you Sam
tell them how cool it was pretty classy
yeah Rihanna column pretty cool I was
nervous
you were scared I can tell in your voice
there's a little tear just a little tear
all right we're drop these guys off here
we go oh my goodness you ladies look
like twins did you plan this today who
put it on first and who copied ooh did
anybody get you guys confused because
you look like twins
that's funny rock hard what's a-matter
Oh what's the matter do you need help
got mommy to help you go and drink some
coconut water or milk gee willikers
aggressive so it was their last day of
school before the break how was
everything you guys did you have a good
day no why what happened
teachers me oh no I made a scarf but I'm
half way that was it and almost ready
okay so wait a minute baby tart your
substitute teacher was mean to you
what is she love tea oh she was
last try to talk to her well I don't
know that she was trying to be mean
maybe she just didn't hear you because
there's like 15 other kids trying to get
her attention to maybe she was scared of
you that's why she didn't talk to you
cuz you're super mean you're not
maybe you're just too adorable maybe she
said oh my goodness baby try to show
adorable I can't talk to her I think
that was it
hoax it what chocolate baby tart we're
having a conversation
what about your teacher no it's not what
is it wait I didn't taste it twisted
chocolate
it's why you spit it out I see some
pretty gross chocolate princess art what
did you learn in school today when you
plus things or add you add a review book
a 637 and a 300 you just add the 6 and
the 3 which is denying and then the ones
place is just the same it's that's
awesome good job
what is that when you learned at school
paper dark yeah yeah ha ha ha Thunder
Ridge you learn at school today I
learned about you like how to get your
hair volumous that's what I think about
when I think about volume I have that
problem do any of you have that problem
my hair doesn't have enough volume is
that what you learned about centered
volume is basically the area inside of
the shape a hoe measured in square you
see like a rectangle right so I just
dropped off the documentary crew at the
airport and they are headed to Florida
we're gonna have the whole team at
playlist live filming a bunch of stuff
we're be doing a bunch of interviews
with a lot of different youtubers and
some of you
who will be they're going to have like a
whole booth set up to interview viewers
the van we have a giant van filled with
lights and cameras and all the C stands
and all that equipment that is just
getting into Florida today and it's
begun man this documentary we've already
filmed 14 different people it's already
starting to come together it's so
exciting to see it actually like mold
into this process where it's you know
it's just an idea and now it's actually
happening so today's a big day we got to
finish packing the mom and dad come in
and Logan come in late tonight and then
we fly out early tomorrow morning it's
gonna be exaggerated the heaviest
family out the www be sure to check us
out and subscribe for daily happy
billion hey now that a matter this is
our super creepy but the lighting is
really bad right there you should do it
over take it again go ahead be weird
again be creepy again do it again from
done I'll help you
they say happiest family on the www
let's get a dog dick don't let me sounds
like that Jesse does it duty
Commission's
poopy shoes there is forty calendars
people who donated to the IndieGoGo paid
$100 for one of these calendars the
whole family sign so we sat up last
night to like 11:30 and the whole family
signed 40 calendars was on that one did
you see a mess up yes those kids just
like spaghetti sauce haha somebody's
getting spaghetti sauce in their account
oh we're sorry we try to monitor so
grubby
crap on their hands so I'm taking these
these are heavy - this is not line 40 of
these - rodeo arcade right now it's as
oh he's going to ship them out today I'm
putting my backpack on her riding my
bike that's heavy
don't really is these are heavy all
right - are you sure you want to do that
what if it throws you off Center and
crash I don't know what would extreme
athlete cuz you're a pirate if W I don't
and I had this backpack in high school
it's not crazy to think hey you know
this is my - your backpack I show this
before I know I have check this out
this says ski forever and this is a
planet where I will ski forever these
are the mountains on which I will ski
for all eternity
one of my buddies drew this 97 they drew
that in 1997 it's beautiful morning yeah
on the bike headed to maker studios
feeling grateful and excited today I'm
excited to see my parents I'm excited to
be free have the Sun on my face be able
to feel my heart beating and have this
is my job to deliver 40 calendars to be
shipped out worldwide to you guys hello
it was a short while ago where I was
clocking in every morning working for
the man doing what I was told listening
to my boss not being able to go be with
my wife for lunch cuz I had to go do a
granite job
it feels good man I never want to forget
that ever want to forget where I came
from
I'm just Jenny from the block you guys
I'm all sweaty though I'm gonna go into
the office as a sweaty man short ride
along the Los Angeles River this is
where a lot of the murdered bodies are
dumped if you look to your right you can
see Jimmy Hoffa just joking but
seriously there's dead bodies in there
alright I want you guys to check out
this homeless guy set up he has like the
nicest setup of any homeless person I've
ever seen he parks his carts
he has like his laundry everything is
like organized
a little like commune of there a little
water bucket I've seen about they're
cooking steaks before then of course we
have the cool graffiti this is actually
a really good ab workout because of this
backpack it's probably about 20 pounds
15 or 20 pounds and it's like pulling me
back so after like lean forward to go on
my bike I'm really feeling it engaged my
abdominal muscles alright here we are
maker studios restricted area maker
studios employees only geez so strict
maker has that set breath the intern
what are you doing Brett the intern
alright here we are
here's Amano I didn't bend them okay
listen you guys I was just gonna tell
you some of your play like I want to
kill under with all the Shaytards
signatures on it so tell them how they
can win one you can win one by listening
to shakers I'm not your fund went over
there the pre-production meeting all
right so there's 45 actual calendars
here with all of our signatures on them
and so we have five extra that you can
win if you subscribe to Rodeo arcade oh
yeah youtube.com slash Rodeo arcade
they're gonna make a video go subscribe
now because you won't be eligible to win
unless you're subscribed to youtube.com
slash rodeo arcade they're gonna have
five of these they're gonna give away
and I'll leave it up as oh how he
figures out how you wants to do it we
might even do six six it's crazy all
right here you go they're in your hands
oh dude we're dips oh you got a rabbi at
a specialized community treatment
yeah do these like maker sweaters are
like a hot commodity
Oh come check this out yes look at the
noose what do you call it the store this
is where lawyers display wall of all
Rodeo arcade merchandise there's me you
she Karl I'm in a shake all there's
Timothy DeLaGhetto dad there's husky
Starcraft and a monster nice Peter
there's the four year Shaytards shirt
Polly pop ed Bassmaster treeck do this
sweet man there's my wife there's Katie
let there's the moms view that's timothy
delaghetto new clothing line goody I
want all the shirts we hook on a
troponin of those I think those are
really sweet oh yeah there's the
Christmas one there's a Christmas one
this is sweet do you have all the shirt
designs is that Mike Tompkins or is that
I want one of those too that's Mike
Tompkins yeah dude that's a sweet shirt
I want one of those too hey guys Oh
another update if you guys order a
four-year anniversary Shaytards shirt
which is only available for two more
weeks at the end of March they're going
offline forever so had a great idea this
is the original artwork of the drawings
that Brian you and raise your hand Brian
he has his headphones on hi there is
Brian drew all of these so what they're
going to do is they made photocopies of
a bunch of these they're just gonna
randomly put these in orders there's
Rock card there's no rhyme or reason to
it other Z if you order a four-year
anniversary Shaytards shirt they're
gonna just put one of these in like
every how you're gonna decide how to do
it just like throw them in I'm gonna
send it to if so if you live in a weird
place you guys could be getting a photo
copy of one of the original artworks
okay so they're gonna send these out and
I'll sign a few of them too
so if you order a Shaytards for your
anniversary shirt you can get one of
these in your order if you do tweet me a
picture because I want to see them and
I'll sign a few of these all right two
weeks left to get a Shaytards for your
anniversary shirt then they're gone okay
guys it's time to leave I'm gonna try to
ride my bike down these stairs you dare
me you dare me here I go oh yeah baby
did it that's got my adrenaline going I
love it alright headed back home gotta
go out of the vlog okay home time to
edit the vlog wait already finished it
this is one of my favorite parts of the
day I get to hit export and boom oh wait
save boom yes
replace boom now I have to wait I get
about 30 minutes to 45 minutes to pay on
how long the vlog is for that to export
which means it's time for push ups
Oh get on you ready
count out for me for oh I'm so sore
twelve smile robbed on 13 14 15 Here I
am again after having said I'll do a
goal now that I regret because I'm
exhausted this is day 3 of 300 upload
push-ups and my arms and chest is dead
alright so I just did 15 it's taking me
a lot more sets today look I just did
three for a set now mind you a lot of
these sets these first three sets were
with rock turret on my back this is
yesterday 3:19 I want to be more like 40
or 30 push-ups per set
I usually average about 35 these are my
yesterday's push-ups it took me 10 sets
just 290 here so then I did 303 after
those 13 but today I'm on set twelve and
I'm still only at 265 oh seriously I
might need a rest day in between maybe
I'll do them every other day or just
like transition like different exercises
cuz my chest feels dead I did do
pull-ups today I did seven sets of
pull-ups I did nine 6 8 7 8 6 & 6 so
that's good you guys like my new shirt
check it out this is Timothy DeLaGhetto
he has a new brand called goodie I stole
this from roto arcade today's so hooked
me up and got me a new shirt I got a
Mike Tompkins shirt and a Timothy
DeLaGhetto shirt for free sorry Mike and
Tammy my priority has a couple bucks but
uh I'm not gonna pay it I stole your
shirt funny she's being a witch now be a
queen
lovely
okay for you blowing fire cute cannot be
a princess for the lovely princess you
are okay okay now be a creepy bug
Oh was that really a creepy bug yeah
what a coincidence
how creepy Bob ah yeah it's a creepy bug
now be a cat is that what a cat does
this cat is having problems a wall yeah
okay now be a wall that's a great wall I
love my little wall okay one more okay
two more can now be a bird that is some
aggressive floppy Oh an eyeball I love
her charades she comes up with really
hard ones can you guys be an eyeball
okay now be an eyeball ah I love your
eyeballs so baby tart I know who taught
making fun of me I'll tickle you you're
honest
at least you're honest tonight I noticed
that in gymnastics today you were the
first one to get five perfect handstands
and watch
that was really good I noticed you had
you had five that were even better yeah
not baby turf has one more for you guys
a couch oh that cab looks so comfortable
I think I need to sit down
I think I'm tired you just sit on the
couch kind of a lumpy couch a word
you're so weird
I love it t-minus two hours till Grandma
and Grandpa are here operation get the
house clean is in session zekiel your
bed clean is your kennel clean oh god no
you do it you're the master of the house
you're gonna clean up my poop where you
like to bite so much hey babe we clean
up my poop yeah
son son tard you learned that true love
is cleaning up somebody else's poop well
you're not gonna be a good husband then
name ten candy bars name ten candy bars
name um ten candy bars I'm gonna poke
your chest say name ten candy bars
you're not named on any come on
Snickers Milky Way ten candy bars name
ten candy bars name um name um name um
you big mutt named those candy bars
there they are
hi mommy hi brother hi dad
welcome to California get in I just
cleaned my truck especially you know
stretch me what's up good to see you
loader in the back I was a pipe
hi Logan did you go pro the whole thing
no I brought got your GoPro stick hi
father
I'm hitting the cars and sit and rock
hard see ya lots of people
yeah it's traffic I've never seen it
look at rationally I love cigarette
smoke big city an emphysema in the
morning Logan found his new girlfriend
what lazy like their milk I get milk
okay this I do we ever tell that story
Malachi bit low get full like we're on
Twitter Alec I bit Logan right there see
where it looks like it's a dimple that's
actually a too smart out now if I drew
my mouth oh that's like a memory oh dude
I iced always like beat on memories
Malachi oh I miss heroes but on my face
miss Melly harden Board of zinc Oh
where's my friend it's got such a big
pause dad said he looks like a yellow
lab with snow shoes on there
welcome to California mom yeah barely
three months old
alright we're in Orlando Florida right
now we just got to our room we're
overlooking the pool it's gorgeous
can't wait to show you guys the next
couple days here at playlist live if the
vlogs are a little late don't yell at me
I'm gonna be slammed with panels and
meet-and-greets and all kinds of stuff
check out Rodeo arcade calm you can get
one of the original artworks for the
four-year anniversary t-shirts couple
days at the end of marks are going off
sale forever alright love you guys see
you tomorrow say hi welcome you excited
that's motive that means he's excited I
excited fish all right you guys tomorrow
bye love you
