she told me to film what you're doing
buddy doing some bacon gotta learn real
young you got to do your taxes this is
important threat the bank and I saw
Akhtar doing a little banking over here
and I told Cory call Phil retard are you
shipping funds overseas what did I tell
you about your Swiss bank account that
is for your college education no you're
not gonna transfer to buy a horse seat I
don't care that's not your money till
you're 18 years old no don't transfer
the funds did you ship them already well
that's great
the Cayman Islands are gonna be just Pio
to you now let's go come on
you're gonna lose interest on that I
hope you know so we had to run to the
bank what are we going to go get Rock
card we're going to get the truck I left
my truck over here to get washed and we
walked over to the bank
let's cook it the truck so now we're
gonna walk over and get the truck pull
rocked are you having fun doing errands
with dad yeah okay
okay dude you can run back try again
I did not look as cool as you said it
would love to jump off the tree end of
the car
drill dude haha
would you let us go today pronouns
pronouns a program is like your replace
all right Josie went to the store
instead of Josie you put she then you
learn about Josie's I omitted Josie's do
it you learn about pronouns no a long
time ago because you had a song last
week fit with the pronoun
did you remember the famous band that
sang that song Beatles The Beatles they
have a lot of cool songs okay baby tired
what did you learn today
wait I ain't told you when I learned oh
sorry we were so busy talking about
pronouns what kind of graphs did you
make today cool okay baby tired we're
ready we're doing today nothing why the
heck are we sending you to school of you
ain't learning nothing you dude - where
did you talk about in school today one's
your teacher right on the board did you
play any games did you go to school were
you asleep during school are you alive
is your brain in there I want you to
think about it and then when I turn the
camera back on you gotta have one thing
that you learned about or talked about
in school today okay okay with what she
learned today a book okay
oh no another away
that's adorable memorize the entire oh
that's cute baby tard why are you acting
like your mother school such manners
baby tard
I love you guys I know it's hard it's
hard to control yourself and Sun tarts
readin book now we're headed to roadie
arcade to pick up some calendars because
and some of you that don't need it for
the indiegogo you know because some of
you that donate it to the documentary
god one of your perks was a calendar
signed by each of the shade hearts
who's Sarah no baby died in the
background every buddy signed them
baby Dart are you making faces at me you
want to tell them what you told me about
exciting calendars
so you're excited to help but you don't
want to get another paper cutting huh
don't get up paper okay don't yeah I
said Todd's paper cuz they put your seat
belt strap over your shoulder think it's
on right just got my truck washed I
always forget how much I love this truck
until I get it washed and then I'm just
like dang girlfriend you all shiny and
pretty like I like you my boyfriend
sorry don't think it's weird it's just
beauty you know I love beauty and
manliness oh I love you baby
dude I love you too but you don't have
300 horsepower and fit six people
comfortably on a dirt country road don't
skank me I can't help it if you can't
give piggyback to six people they don't
think I'll back up their goal oh all
right now we're doing some man chores
mean rockface we have to get salsa and a
few other ingredients for tonight's
dinner mommy tarts making tacos I love
coming into the cold Plus that cost
though also I haven't been using my
juicer I need to make some videos the
Jews have been making I've used my
juicer for the last three days I need to
get some more juicy ingredients Friesen
Britney Sun look at who's shake and he's
taken I get these big bags of carrots
and juice these babies it's really good
this is not and I repeat this is not a
brand endorsement but if you guys have
never tried the salsa at Costco it is I
think maybe my favorite salsa sorry pace
picante sauce but this stuff it's
delicious go try it go to Costco get the
Jax Cantina style or whatever we get the
mild or whatever they have it's so good
this mango is pretty good too but it's a
little too sweet for my taste
saving the day I just happened to have
these around you ready
thank you we have the back Oh back to
hurry press the sides
no that's good that's good all right oh
you're right this door silly head Dumbo
Dumbo that's my kids new word for each
other oh really
so cool I'm excited oh yeah this is the
original sketches from the from the
anniversary t-shirts right these are
history in the making wealth history
just made that's so cool and what we're
gonna do today is I'm gonna show you
some dress-up outfits that I have and
I'm going to show you some of my
dress-up outfits and I hope you like
them
and I hope you love them like the best
dresses ever but I don't really have the
best dresses ever but they're pretty
dresses and I would be wearing some and
being like a fashion model to you guys
okay see you in a minute well I'm gonna
show you my dresses okay let's get
started this is nicer stuff
step tip down other dress
step 3 now I'm going to an other dress
up once I've probably got a difference
okay
okay that was like this one let's do one
more and my hair's gonna be just the
sticks
okay let's get started number six don't
worry I know my numbers I just got mixed
up in five six
okay that was my last month make sure
you subscribe this video and like it and
comment it and make sure you love it and
make sure you check out more Princess
hard for watchin services like the first
one I did wasn't that American brotherly
make sure you check out that one if you
did good thing I make sure to ever swim
to it's awesome dress ups and make sure
you watch more persist hard web series
you
