hi I'm login here okay you guys I have a
new goal I tweeted about this yesterday
my new goal is every day while I'm
exporting and uploading the daily vlog
I'm gonna do 300 push-ups so I got a
little piece of paper I wrote down 300
upload push-ups and I don't care how
many sets it takes me conquer how long
it takes me I'm gonna do 300 push-ups
every day you guys know I have the goal
to be able to do 100 consecutive
push-ups and I keep like talking about
it but then I don't really do anything
about it I've been working out like
don't get me wrong I keep working out
but I haven't like focused I haven't put
that intense focus T the was it
called focused intensity I need to have
that focused intensity over time so I
can do a hundred push-ups so that's my
goal you guys keep reminding me so every
day cuz it usually takes me like well
the editing process takes anywhere from
two to three hours and then it's like 45
minutes to compress it and then about 45
minutes to upload it so during the
compressing and uploading I got about 90
minutes I got about an hour and a half
to squeeze these three hundred push-ups
in every day I can usually do sets of
thirty to forty I can do it in about
nine to ten sets my goal is to work it
down so I can get it to like six or
eight sets but I don't care how long it
takes me I'm not gonna worry about it
I'm just going to do three hundred
push-ups a day all right okay keep me
motivated here we go up into my first
Center now one two three Ziqi all you're
in the way of my push-ups
can a guy get anything done around here
huh can't a guy get anything done around
here without being vexed by the great
dying puppy mmm mmm you guys love Zeke I
love him and I think Malachi would
cherish him too want to see something
let's do something you guys this might
be weird hold on stay there
whoa don't complain is iki laminator to
shoot your grandfather come here you
guys is this kind of weird this is
Malachi right here Malachi his body is
in this box Zeke I want you to meet your
ancestors don't bite him he'll come back
and hunt your dream
yeah this is your daddy oh cool
once I turned on the camera he's like
wait that's embarrassing never that's
cool can you put it back now either put
it on or put it back put it back so
we're just top doing some last-minute
returns and exchanges before we go to
playlist live I'm excited I've been
packing yesterday and doing laundry and
I'm gonna be packing for the next two
days and cleaning our house and getting
it all ready dude you have to stay with
mommy though okay how much mom what'd
you find
I don't know Mom but I think it's more
interesting you're I'm going to keep
playing with things and the ground hmm
that sounds fun sounds about right right
mom's okay so while I'm shopping frog
car decides to pull all stickers off
these travel-size bottles that I got and
put them on his face you can't see it
your hands in the way now move your hand
hi see now you can see me see me but
learning about the camera takes a lot of
time doesn't it cake can you put those
back on the bottle so we can buy them
you put them back no mom I'm just gonna
sit here in this cart and caused trouble
a trouble turn apple gave out charge are
you ready
come here Hey here you guys take this
and give a tour you gotta give this to
her take the money say one trade my
cheese
can you give it to her day one trade my
keys
he's learning his manners he'll work on
it are you going to be the conductor
did you just buckle up by yourself oh my
goodness were a big Louise I even have
fun you are gonna have fun are you that
the conductor what does that mean
means you're driving the Train huh try
the Train
look there's more kids I'm on the play
hi guys
see you after you're so excited been
waiting this whole trip for me crazy
I've discovered this is the best way to
get through a mall trip with him still
being good as to tell him that we're
going to go on the train at the very end
just wait for the Train wait for the
train and he's been booked the entire
time so you gotta tell all these
I love you oh yeah I'm glad you're back
this will keep them excited for a few
minutes this thing goes around like 20
times I swear so I might as well just go
shopping should I should just go
shopping all right just kidding I
wouldn't do that I'm not that bad of a
mom
are you ready on the trip we have fun
high five come give me a high five
come here honey right did you like the
Train you like the Train Jewish we had
to train at our house
okay he's loosing them all now this
could be dangerous
let's get where what I'm trying to keep
up with him isn't ready for the past two
minutes straight just running just
running oh are you gonna run the next
marathon oh we've got some candy got to
have money for that dude and we got no
money for that cuz it's not a sugar babe
let's go you guys remember doing that as
a kid I remember doing that as a kid you
pass by the candy things and you go
through each one just to see if there
was any stragglers anything anybody left
behind and we didn't care about
sanitization
anyway blade Karen's hands touched it
hit will do anything for candy there's
no more candy let's go they'll keep
trying though movie so dad that's the
Lion King
say hi Simba Oh
ah
oh you're so high up look at you
that's a scary sight oh he found his
best friend mr. beragon give him a big
hug give him a big hug
don't knock it over though it's funny
that he remembers everything that we
stopped before so he retraces his steps
okay now this is just getting weird I'm
having super major DejaVu dude you ready
to go we saw the Train the bear and now
the toy we let it go flat tray it was a
fun train huh oh well I do this oops how
can you resist when you're trying to
leave your little two-year-old almost
three-year-old was to play on all these
things and he's so excited it's so
adorable to me how are the little things
in life make him so happy these little
joys just lighten up his life I love it
okay you ready to go and promise we'll
get some mac and cheese yeah we go home
we'll get some mac and cheese you want
to go home yeah I like go home yeah see
I know I've been practicing this for a
couple years
am I the only woman in the world that
would get up take their kids to school
and then go out and run errands without
doing anything to myself because that's
what I did today I was thinking about
that and I was like in the past like
when we first started the vlogs there is
no way I would have gone like without my
makeup now I'm like you know what it's
it's like the more we've done it the
more real I feel like I've gotten like
I've just realized I'm like you know
what this is me and I don't care and I'm
not gonna worry about putting on a show
or whatever I bet some kids would be
like mom put some makeup on before they
take their kids to school I was just
watching back the video and I'm like oh
wow I need something under here but you
know what I love you guys and this is
just the real me and you get to see all
the realness rutgard are you embarrassed
oh man mom we could just put some makeup
on already but buddies are gonna see you
and they're gonna be like oh your mom's
old and grow
okay I'll give you more breath oh oh
wait look right did you guys guys
remember seeing our fashion show
yesterday that fashion show we did
yesterday when it did the handstand and
you see what I went into the closet I
tried to slam the door with my foot go
back and watch it again and watch it
slowly and watch me smack my foot on the
corner of the door did you smack on the
door or was it your foot that like went
under the door well I do go back and
watch the video I hooked my toe on the
door and this foot was still right there
and I went to slam it and I went my toe
and underneath the door and caught the
corner of it it looks a lot better than
it did though it was like so black and
blue but I like you have a huge bruise
on there well fashion is brutal honey
it's what I always say beauty is pain
beauty is pain nothing tastes better
than skinny fills I'm starving to death
just kidding I eat lots how was school
today okay
what'd you do what are you watching you
watching this is an ancient Shaytards
vlog is this the three years or four
years ago vlog oh yeah dude you're
watching the four years ago vlog that
crazy go back in time and check that out
oh no that's not a four years ago vlog
it's a shitty Karla video dude that's
actually a classic video I certain
juggling balls in the grocery store baby
track did you catch a leprechaun today
we need to know yeah what happened
there's only one left her comic came in
today what happens with the leprechauns
do he says haha can't catch me and
Sheila
Olivia a coin no way you got a gold coin
that was generous of him cool where's
your box did you leave it at school as
you bring a home maybe there's be more
leprechauns to catch or maybe we can
catch a mouse or we can catch your
little brother what in the Sam Hale is
going on in here oh this guy you just
throw your cards everywhere did you ever
see you never got your cards back right
I wouldn't worry about it dude look how
many cards you have you should stack
these all up like an alphabetical order
keep them nice yeah cool we worth a lot
of money some day you never know could
have the next like Babe Ruth rookie dude
that could be my retirement fund
favorite Babe Ruth's rookie card I know
who Babe Ruth is yes you have his rookie
card that's worth thousands cuz it's
rare supply and demand
haven't you learned macroeconomics yet
you're in third grade you should know
all the ins and outs of macro and
microeconomics what are they teaching
them in these California's I mean I
learned that in second grade seriously
Sam oh goodness
the scream mask is on somebody's gonna
do some terrifying Proctor you're
scaring me please take that off
oh dude take it off you're scaring me
dude please oh okay it's just you oh
good I thought it was a scary man but on
the serious for serious --is yo bro bro
yo bro room is not a okay in my book
all right hey sassy pants out go in your
room and clean your room
that's true the crew is staying in there
okay change of plans
reverse it switch it up you stay here
and help son her cleaning his room great
idea thanks for suggesting that homework
second education that comes second to
cleanliness yeah that's right it's my
rules dude all you ever need to know you
can look up on the internet so don't
worry about it clean this room did you
do I stutter I stutter in the room now
hey guys so crazy night my house is
trashed don't judge okay
okay we're getting ready for playlist
live I know it's like three days before
we head out but we've got Shay's family
coming into town and I usually pack all
like the girls clothes
not so much son tards he can pack his
own bag but I usually have to like check
it out and make sure he's got everything
that he needs cuz sometimes he forgets
things sometimes he puts outfit to know
that I'm like no no so I'll double check
his but this is what our room looks like
right now
ah that's laundry that's working on
being folded you got baskets to separate
them this is my suitcase this is the
girls suitcase help you sure you sure
can
thanks for offering my little cupcake
well my clothes are bigger because I'm
fatter I'm gonna do my clothes off for
okay good luck don't achieve something
in life
negative cupcake help you my room's just
such a disaster but I'll clean it up but
you have to take me take the air
mattress well we're actually gonna leave
the air mattress up because Logan might
sleep on it I would just your mind
holy might not sleep in your room do I
use the air mattress I just put it in
someone else and somewhere else not in
my room we'll figure it out cupcake okay
a nice get got a weirdo
okay weirdo Zeek why are you chewing on
the Valentine's cups yo smear come here
come if you like that'll turn the head
yes that's the key gotta get down to his
level
oh no this is Chinese I'm sorry wait a
she's mine oh wow you found a ball oh
you better keep that one away from Zeek
he'll destroy that one fast well Wow I'd
like you're gonna destroy the camera I
love you too my love you two playing
football with the football oh good catch
coach little man do you want to show him
your top three yes would you get those
for a drink it in class so this one is
quite kind of light green who else wants
a bright bright yellow this is that like
you could be a QVC commercial right now
actually I'm gonna do it
taking rice I can't hold Freddie for a
fight with this handsome devil helps me
devil of a man look like slats do these
look like missed hints yeah you know
what they're not they're 501 so no I see
a but I won't one gonna topple the way
look at their jeans I look I G it yeah
anyways I went to this our primal ate
oh you're right they are 508 cuz these
are like to not like quite the tight
skinny jeans I tried them on too skinny
whoo not enough I don't want to see that
not yesterday you would have liked my
butt in those jeans I'm not gonna lie to
you know I went to a fancy a swanky
soiree tonight at the Beverly Hills
Hilton for the Tribeca Film Festival
such good appetizers that these little
mini burgers I feel like every time you
come back one of those things that's all
you talk that's all I care about
no you like every time I go in with us I
make sure you have such good appetizers
whoa you're right yeah he's a champion
hey champion can I hear father of a kiss
you just parted give me kiss I want a
kiss right now come here
are you excited for your grandmother
come dude added grows the boo that's
fake poo it looks Oh gross Oh daddy it's
poo
that's nice thank you the title today's
video dad eats poo butt joke like on
that one cuz you want to see me eat poo
are you excited if your grandmother come
oh oh is that my hole come here yeah
where'd you get annoyed because we kiss
me kiss me kiss my hole all right son
tard
you guys remember hours earlier when I
had to yell at son tar to clean his room
it's looking better I made him pull out
all of this stuff and reorganize it I
said there's no shoving things in places
it's a life lesson you can't just hide
your problems you have to get to deal
with them as they come
so no more stuff and stuff yeah they
will they'll become bigger problems make
a promise you're not just gonna stuff
stuff under your bed anymore promise
pinky swear
double pinky pinky pink oh he's gonna
get your whole Hulk all right it's time
for daddy's nightly bowl of raisin bran
I'm
the party that is then Oh smash Tiki all
my zekiel edge of my papi what have you
but not as much as I love you oh that's
a shorter go watch yesterday's vlog if
you missed it well where have you been
what are you thinking we did a fashion
show that's right we showed off all the
hottest new trends and fashions you know
even the runways of New York fashionista
models don't have as much fashion is us
because we're fashionable so watch it
and then we'll do the bar in the middle
I'm so lucky Jack I love your eyes II
tomorrow
