hi I'm vlogging here so it's Friday
night and we told the kids if the house
is clean and everything's everybody's
helping and everything looks great and
we'll go swimming so rocked hardest
taking things in his own hands you are
cleaning up what a good helper you are
thank you so much for cleaning up oh
okay one more spray good okay that's all
good job
no no no don't brush with that that's
for food oh goodness
good job route card you're helping a lot
so the kids are all ready to go swimming
so hopefully we get the house cleaned in
time so we can go because if it's not
that we will not go swimming you'll have
to close Thank You kids
yeah I gotta do the dishes you ready
okay hold still hold still let me put it
on hold still hold still put your hand
on hold still ready come here come here
come here come on I gotta say it you
want to see in the mirror Oh Hugo Chavez
wait come here put it on come on put it
on no not on the glass here let's put it
on your face you want to put on okay I'm
gonna wear it fine
hello hey honey how's it going or you
can put on the glass light here then
every time you come in the bathroom you
just feel like this I'm wearing it rock
turns being a little Butthead about his
mustache put it on dude let's see it can
your sisters wear it let's see if
Frankie's charge can look pretty in it
Prince turd she gonna wear the mustache
the wall is wearing it oh there's a
leech on the wall check it out it's st.
Patty's Day that's why we're making
green egg eggs what do you think rock
card look at shirt he's got
I'm coming here with Malachi what do you
think rock card Shiva me yeah yeah cool
okay khaki I see that little boy that's
cool he knows I added these videos
to sleep and maybe there is Superman and
lots of other superheroes huh that ki
humor goes to my daddy maybe we'll let
him sleep for a couple more minutes
similar shop look wait oh that's looking
cool ha stir it up mark
that's turn up turn up Oh Andy oh Sh oh
ok you use that I'll use this ready
there it upstairs yeah we're having
green pancakes today and we got
sugar-free syrups so we are good to go
I'm excited
when I was growing up my mom and my
stepmother bolston fun things like this
on holidays just for fun just to be
silly and cute and fun and so I thought
I got to do something this morning and
this forgot that it was a holiday today
and I didn't buy anything as far as so I
was like no what do I do
I happen to already have some sugar-free
syrup and some pancake mix until we're
just making it fun I'm going to eat it
so we are just going to make it a fun
fantastic st. Patty's Day and I hope the
baby chard caught a leprechaun her
teacher was going to set the traps over
the weekend and on Monday that will find
like a cobbler or not hmm
Oh stretch stretch stretch excited to
make these pancakes let's start let's
make them yeah you did a good job of
stirring okay let's try this out okay
hot enough I think it's hot hot you
spray it with some spray oh ha ha ha
no our matey's he be pirate of the
pancakes it's yummy huh green pancakes
just little ones never know how hungry
baby charts gonna be yeah you guys want
some they're gonna be good
okay what's the consensus have you tried
one yet I tried it so I have it it's
awesome yeah you guys likes it well
Happy's impacted stay happy stay whoa
slow down put the soup yeah let's set it
up love to go wake daddy up and give him
a green pancake to the face but he
doesn't eat pancakes for breakfast heats
fruit for breakfast yeah which normally
we would like to eat a better healthy
breakfast other than pancakes I never
make pancakes ask the kids do I have
Hermetic pancakes
no do you wish that I made pancakes mom
oh okay I'll work on grandma yeah I know
she makes good pancakes grandpa makes
the best waffles in the world maybe
he'll make green waffles today I wish I
was there for your grain waffles car
graze on neck to the face and cakes
legend tradition if you're not awake
time for breakfast to get a face of the
green okay tradition where's the syrup
no don't get the syrup he has to come to
the table for the syrup good morning it
oh look who just takes a big bite No
we don't want step in our bed good
morning I love you
okay it's ice cream cone 30 hoho instead
of chugging green beers on st. Patrick's
Day
we have green ice cream cones Rock tard
that yummy he's had 40 of them yeah may
this green shirt on happy st. Patrick's
Day is that delicious say delicious
yummy oh you look very cute with your
little vest and shirt on you're a little
leprechaun when you're a kid there's
enough fun to go back in time and see
all those old videos when you're younger
let me ask you a question because some
people put to start over the years has
said that you guys are gonna hate us
later on when you go back and you watch
all those videos and yourself when
you're younger eating that's true it's
cool to see yourself when you're younger
huh because central so how will the see
all those old memories huh that's what I
thought that's why I don't do your whole
life you're welcome you have an ice
cream SS that would mine this one's too
sugar-free look you guys mommy tard got
no sugar added
I think we're cheating a little bit but
are we my mother's you gotta be sugar in
there you me come on come on how's it
taste does say no sugar added
does it taste this yeah but it's good so
it's Monday morning and I am sitting
here editing the vlog and I realize that
we just have like a bunch of random
clips from Friday night and then a few
from Saturday and then Sunday morning
when collette was making pancakes that's
usually how Monday videos are it's just
like a collaboration of clips throughout
the weekend to Monday morning and we're
getting ready for my mom to come into
town and we went shopping on Saturday we
didn't film much of the shopping and my
dad and Logan are gonna be here do you
guys want to see our new clothes we go
shopping how often do we buy new clothes
babe like twice a year are you wearing
are you wearing one of the outfits right
now no you have to wait till the Fashion
Show how often do we buy new clothes at
playlist
we literally buy clothes twice a year
whatever we are gonna go see new people
or whatever we're gonna go to like these
big events like it's new because you see
this in the videos you see Laurel calls
all the time so we can't are all right
so like every time it's like we're like
oh man we should go shopping so we buy
clothes 2 times a year playlist live in
VidCon so you want she got killer deals
she goes to Ross Dress for Less she she
does a really good job of getting good
deals okay should we do a fashion show
do you guys care yeah they don't care
they don't care yeah you're gonna see my
new closet I don't care
don't Kerr are you guys want to see our
fashion show we're new a fashion show
for you roll that fashion show Shay
you
you
