you ready some dinner or you say you
need to eat ice cream you watch a nice
game babytard eatin an apple what is it
we're gonna eat so much you want to eat
some ice cream what is that rock face
okay why'd I look so delicious say so
delicious sure what baby one takes on
they won't take sunday would do 1a won't
take hold on i'm doing my one take
sunday dance you know i do a one-take
sunday dance prentice hey is here to
bigger yes and egan why are you dancing
what we're sure one takes Sunday dance I
got my socks on I got my song-song you
gotta do it what's up oh my stamina's
peosta okay let's get all fall get up
here oh don't miss look it's the
gorillas what oh my goodness hey we got
some major dancing going on
that's a major dancing tonight I got
massage on when i got my sobs oh my god
my Oh girls song song princess are you
leaving this dancer who nice oh no watch
out everybody the man of the hour is
here and he's out Ilya one move you're
lucky c1 rock art mood don't want to be
bored of this party Jim let's see your
move I feel like you're like my neck
when he did that no biting zekiel
alright so we are here hanging out
making dinner apprentice a is here
because they are flying out the van left
right tell them what's going on with
that ok so we have this big van with all
of our gear in it and we need it in
Florida cameras lights action way too
much stuff to bring on the plane so Alex
carpenter a fellow youtuber musician and
one of our colleagues or staff members
his name is Sean they left in the van
today they're driving to Florida it's
going to take them a few days to get
there and we're just fly there yeah
cheaters cheaters so they're all fly in
there to playlist live it's gonna be a
crazy week for us because my mom and dad
are coming in town and my brother Loki
bear Logan Mackay 55 they're getting
here Wednesday and they're gonna spend
the night Wednesday and then we are all
flying the whole family to orlando
florida for playlist slide hope to see
you guys there also we're gonna this
next couple days we're gonna fulfill a
most of the perks yeah for Sontaran
which reminds me princess card you guys
have to do your Picasso's you need to do
your drawings do what's under there your
nose and then we have calendars that
with the whole family as a sign that
we're going to send out Holly and then
we need to do skype calls we're going to
do and I'm excited playlist live is
going to be fun it's crazy this is our
third playlist live that we've been to
in the last three years one once one per
year and then a couple of you and the
running club I'm excited to do running
we're gonna go running every morning for
a couple of you who joined the pilot
running club it's gonna be really
exciting okay Jamie sure you want to go
run in we're gonna go over run in five
miles hot red what's up also say the the
next newsletter comes up tonight oh cool
yeah who's rooting that together Tim
work is writing this one so damn long
eyeballs good well you're the handsomest
so me also check if you didn't get the
Dean I'm sorry I have a crush on Tim
okay don't worry about it also um if you
haven't been getting in the newsletter
check your spam folder for some reason
the last one they sent went to my spam
folder so if you haven't been getting
them check your spam folder because I
don't know why yeah email does that I
think maybe can an email like just
detective it's like a mass list that
you're sending it to it's not supposed
to I mean ever like paying a service
called MailChimp to be as proper
unofficial as possible but sometimes
it's just open exit we do have an email
address set up that if you have not
received your newsletter because like
some people are tweeting like i know i
have ever see daddy newsletters or I
like put in the wrong email email us at
support at I'm vlogging here calm and
that guy will solve all your problems
right oh I know I do so this would be
the fourth newsletter and then we've
also uploaded to unlisted iphone tarde
videos to send out to everybody who
donated for the documentary okay you
gonna come out here and do another dance
move dude that was so great yeah that is
Elmo does elma want to come to a dance
move Rock part i was impressed for that
little move you came out there and
treated us with cut my socks on so we
went to church today and rock hard it's
supporting his Saint Patrick's Day green
it was pretty cool I mean son tard war
two green ties babies are what you wear
for green today at church is that your
green need to get pinched did you did
somebody try to pinch you because I
thought you weren't wearing green yeah
who did you pinch him back ten times
that's the rule if somebody pinches you
as a false accusation of not wearing
green you get to pinch them back ten
times it's not an eye for an eye in this
case it's an eye for ten eyes not I'm
speaking now I'm saying speaking of
which we are actually all watching the
Bible on history channel
that huge miniseries they have rocking
now on the history channel we just
watched Joshua take down the walls of
Jericho I sing that song in choir and we
sing that song choir joshua fought the
Battle yes the Battle of Jericho and the
walls come tumbling down you ever seen
that in choir yes it for me now babe no
so we're making dinner we're gonna have
a big dinner we have a salad garlic
bread which looks so delicious and a
giant pot of spaghetti noodles it's
actually the spaghetti what is this
ravioli with on the cards famous sauce
sasta paths asset it's pasta oh and
we're gonna have dinner and then the
crews all spend the night here tonight
and then they're gonna head to pay looks
like anything else one takes sunday
we're just chilling hanging out home and
it's a big week yeah I'm excited for my
mom and dad to come in because after
playlist life they're gonna come back
for spring break and we're gonna hang
out here in la Sontag good after that
we're all going to the trippy yes we're
gonna be hanging out at the dfac yeah
they're gonna stay here like 80 like a
week we had take him to Disneyland maybe
hole and centaur got some new shoes we
got some new clothes for playlist live
yeah click Subscribe got her Hello Kitty
shoes all right we'll take Sunday love
you guys
Oh like that
