baby tired it's almost ready oh we got
this whole side we got to put step on
this side too and she's being so nice
sweet sister she's letting rock card
help he's putting some nice drawings on
the top of there good job honey thank
you so much for letting him help you
with the project he loves stuff like
this baby chart is making a leprechaun
trap for her project today you got a way
you have to catch one well good luck to
you because nobody's ever done it before
that I know of hi but it's always fun to
try you caught a leprechaun did you
actually see the Leprechaun yes you see
it with its tall hat and its beard I'm
calling bull crap on that right now son
tard get in here I'm editing today's
vlog and apparently you say that you saw
a leprechaun yes bull honky mijeong key
where when I need details
was that a leprechaun you're talking
about
did you see it well then quit make up
stories tell me when you see this
leprechaun I saw it in a bag
where at
but smoking drugs at your school you
started to get out of the bag yes it got
out eventually how did it get out where
did it go
I don't know it just somewhere in the
classroom so is it in the classroom
still no what it look like and who
caught it my teacher
where did she catch it was it a real
person or a toy it looks like a real
person did it move and talk it looks
just like jump all over the place to
make angry faces and then it ran away
you guys couldn't catch any more
dude don't lie to me there's no such
thing as leprechauns actu the vlog
looking for leprechauns I noticed
something that you put well princess
hard put on the side of the box can you
please tell me about it this right here
does this say no leprechauns you know no
no a lot okay well so why does it say no
leprechauns allowed so you're using
reverse psychology that's the goal
that baby tarts give it back so you're
using reverse psychology to try to trap
this leprechaun this very clever very
clever girls can you tell us about your
outfit today
Twitter's they got the same outfits with
the same hairdos and the same is shoes
you've got your leprechaun gold-catching
necklace that's what you got awesome ok
well good luck today your leprechaun
caching school ok I'm filming getting it
ready ok so we've got the trap all ready
to go we're gonna test it so this is the
stand to hold the box I just know
because you're too big
leprechauns are smaller looks Nicola
NAPLAN Network on you've got a big epic
hall that was right though good job baby
tried thanks for letting us all help it
was a family project
with the nug no you know Brittany and
Andre Olive Garden I'm super excited I
have any no or get a while because every
time we try to come here it's so crowded
he's like a news red or even breadstick
soup she got the spicy whopping Zuppa
Toscana little-known fact is I actually
used to work Olive Garden when I was
living in Arizona it was right after
unsubscribed was born I worked with
oligarchy for like a couple months I a
lot of rustic let's say I took advantage
of the free breadsticks and the men's
banthas Andes mints that they would
leave with the check and I ate so many
of those too sorry all garden io use
minced forensics got tagged clean doing
so creative I'm gonna drive your flying
whatchamacallit buddy
oh good I peed in my canteen
oh all right
you love the camera who are a camera
queen by 3 ha ha now where does the best
part of a mom it's great excited to ride
the train you're going to go next so
what's your turn exciting
what is a train say choo-choo choo-choo
train your prey all right it's your turn
to have a fun ride I love you
a family who's excited for our Friday
night activities I'm excited hey mami
tarde what movie were gonna go to
tonight which one cause I'm excited
that's so great that's a great backwards
awesome God and smile I didn't know
Oprah invented dog named style Oprah
invented it
Oprah Oprah she's ended though she is
she came up with it during her book club
are you taking advantage of Michael
ability no rock cards up there you just
bully dog shirt on we're gonna go find a
few clothes
oh you're baiting my head that's my head
don't be abusive to your father
we're gonna go buy a few clothes for
playlist live and then we're gonna go
see Oz because it's Friday now so good
hello oh you try and choose on over
there sometimes let me see what you got
baby tarts show me what your scope and
touch that way you like you like those
it's it's hard what are you seeing what
are you liking oh my kitty hello sauce
hello kitty oh it's like blush Sun
tarred rocking some vans turn around
let's see you like those
cute not cute tough cool awesome radical
my bad bro that was a major mistake yeah
I love those
Rob sure those are radical man these
little balls it's not too big yeah yeah
those are cool rock-hard those are
awesome a nice tits
let me see those where's this a roller
coaster rolls at school you can't wear
open-toed shoes I remember coming to
Payless Shoe Stores when I was a kid and
getting in a fight with my mom and dad
cuz I never thought they had any cool
shoes I thought all the shoes at Payless
Shoe Stores were lame they have some
they have a fans in here now which I
love fans I don't know like these like
champions I was always like her my dad
wanted me to get like velcro I'm like
dad velcro is not cool we're Shaq you
wanna wear some Shaq's bro what do you
think you like those bands I think those
vans are cool I keep missing it but
every time I turn the camera off rocked
her squeals with joy when he gets these
things to go the way that he wants him
to it's gonna be an engineer when he
grows up railroad builder is that cool
safe hey dad this is so awesome yes
you're right my son it is so awesome
it's BOGO brodes BOGO it's BOGO buy one
get one okay we got all the ones we're
getting okay gus-gus use your teeth can
you pick him up who remembers a little
mouse off of Cinderella he has to use
his teeth on the top kernel of corn to
pick up the whole stack let's go baby
charge
Oh bail that means you have to pay for
the shoes
get your money out dude all right son
cards turn don't let us down son target
or gonna have to buy six pairs of Hello
Kitty shoes and I look kind of silly fan
you get em off lift with your legs not
with your back
have it kid you guys have a good big
brother
here kicking the butt pants no you don't
get any only kids only people that are
still growing in this family get shoes
rock chair just wants one of these
things give my hugs get mugs
this soft that soft rock card
in Mahad
the fun of the foot is arm around you
but bears got his arm around me
all right let's see a little man oh
you're so brave brave little slow on the
escalator we just follow the Great and
Powerful oz and it was great
here he comes watch he'll jump a
guarantee a joke good job ran into the
cheeseburger what do you think ladies
give me a movie review a quick movie
review what do you think do you like it
freaky because when she like scary
I was scared I get Kaylee that's good it
was pretty good to me reminded me of
like a Disneyland ride I checked my
Instagram a few times
disappear times we just went south
awesome was that called off that's good
that's pretty good I really liked when
they all went from the black-and-white
to the color it was like whoa like the
contrast is really cool all right we got
a photo booth going on sontar don't hung
up the whole camera scoot your head back
sons are you're hogging up the whole
camera Hearst gay Jim Braley pose - got
it
where's Rob turn get rocked art in there
hey Rob turn three
oh pretty sure got that one
those four there's one more gear on turn
in it get wrapped turn it out hurry pick
them up pick them up all right you guys
got four pictures I don't know how why
they turned out let's see them all right
here we go
oh dude have you seen yesterday's vlog
yet you should click on it right there
and my goodness the mist the feelin
lucky the feelin lucky one
have you guys clicked on that one yet oh
can you believe that happened oh and do
not forget to check out what happened
one year ago that is the first time that
ever happened and have you seen the two
year ago video you know that's only
happened like three other times ever in
all the history of things that's
happened and I mean there's you can't
even talk about what happened three
years ago and four years ago I mean that
one time dude
that's what that's the time that
everybody was talking about do you
remember that
seriously click on it right there in the
middle oh my goodness gracious I don't
think that'll ever happen again no man
that is thoug dude I'm gonna watch those
right now I gotta go okay I'll see you
guys tomorrow I love you bye
