hi I'm login here okay okay okay okay
Rock card and I are on a little mission
today are you gonna sing your ABC song
ABC baby C we are on a mission today
we're going to find birdhouses for our
Scout okay cool noodles but Zoe are you
saying pizza or pay cash I agree with
both of those things should always pay
cash and
and daddy always got daddy's got it on
time too I love it rocked hard good job
there's a great song so we are on our
way to a model shop here in Los Angeles
to buy bird houses for our scouts to
build because I have the wolf's I'm in
charge of the wolves one of our
requirements is to teach them about
tools and then have them build something
so we're gonna go get some models for
them to build it'll be fun okay we're
here at the model shop and we looked at
birdhouses for the boys we're gonna get
some bird not not bird feeders but
birdhouses for them was built yes you
see the airplane shows the airplane oh
that's a bigger plane yeah yeah well you
already picked that one he wants
everything else in the store but he
already picked that one you go you big
we're not getting this one if that's
what you're asking
yeah that one's too big so we're here at
Evans model shop and they just
celebrated 65 years is all right 65
years it's Evitts model shop in Santa
Monica if you guys are ever in Santa
Monica and you need to look at airplanes
which you need to anyways but you want
any models or anything to build you
should come and check it out because
it's amazing here did your husband build
all these not all of them but he was he
was a he was a model builder oh yeah
that may be gently corner that's me
that's wonderful from scratch all balls
all right do you want to have a model
shop someday I just want to get out and
break all these ones mom oh yeah oh yeah
good gift at school why are we dancing
at school oh he did it bro high-five you
can meet my father give you a high five
but she was wondering why we were damn
suits had to tell her you passed your
sixes the first time right you didn't
have to retake or anything
good job double high-fives good job so
was it super hard did you get stumped
pretty just like with your health what
are you know we can only celebrate for a
second because you know what's next
right yeah exactly so Collette and the
girls in sunt our door at kailia KC's
house getting some haircuts and me and
rock face are hanging out here with the
documentary crew we are filming some art
shots is what they call it some like
b-roll as they cut away from the
interviews rock card Gavin off the bed I
just watched footage from interviews and
already done with Olga Kay and Tay
Zonday and Meghan tonjes
and Jimmy Wang I'm really excited man
it's starting to come together and I
could already start to see like we're
gonna have a ton of youtubers in this so
we already have like five or six and we
have a bunch of interviews plan for the
next couple days and it's all coming
together rocked art oh another thing too
a couple things there's been a lot of
people that have been complaining cuz
they wanted to get a newsletter because
we are sending out newsletters every
Monday about what's happening on the
documentary thanks Rock Tyra for
slamming the door again he's a gaffer
lights off turn it on lights on you're
gonna break polite alright leave it off
okay turn it on and then leave it on
okay don't touch okay you're a filmmaker
already with your cute little haircut so
we just added a button on the I'm
vlogging here documentary website we
have a website if you want to donate 5
bucks we will send you a documentary
update every Monday you can be on the
newest letter mailing list it's only 5
bucks and we will send you an a
newsletter update every week and you can
be part of the vlog dogs or secret crew
of people I've made how many guys how
many of I made two or three
iphonetard videos that are
so only if you donated can you see them
but if you want to be part of that list
that's on the updated list every week go
to the link below to the website I'm
vlogging here calm and then you can be
calm part of the mailing list okay I'm
Chi ya and dizzy yet getting dizzy
that's some sort of dance are you in a
hip-hop band
what are you doing the dough seed oh
yeah swing your partner round and round
you're gonna fall and hit your head on
the ground you look so handsome with
that haircut give me kiss can we give me
kiss
right now give me kiss that is it I said
give me a curse demands kisses get over
here
dat face
we got Zeke one of these new stands
because he was getting hiccups a lot
because I think his bowls were on the
ground but now it just goes right down
his gullet and there's no air bubbles
he's getting so tall when we first got
him we had this thing and he was too
short for it but we've had him for like
three weeks and he's already grown like
a couple inches you want to have a drink
Rock can I have a drink of his water
remember drinking his water no drinking
like a puppy ooh there they go oh
they're fighting they're fighting what's
gonna happen fight them off dude
you gotta fight them off do you just
want a little piece of that you find
them hold on dad's like no no Zeke
no no mac and cheese for you buddy
vitamin vitamin
Zeke is really pestering rock-hard no no
you want some of that mac and cheese go
get it
Oh Oh No
get up get up get up Oh get up nice way
to fight Oh Oh why'd you hit me oh it's
a light so now we're at Kaylie's house
getting our pre playlistlive haircuts
and I call it what would this be like
our semiannual haircut we don't get our
haircuts very often today was the day
because I'm like we're not going to play
this live with bufflehead
she just cut mine and it got like some
layers in the front which I haven't had
for a while so I'm super excited to play
with them and then baby tarts getting
her hair cut
oh you're whispies that was a cute baby
your hair looks so pretty and healthy
look at this color girl thing pay big
bucks for this color Oh like natural
ombre beautiful so pretty so see Ellis
whoa I almost slipped on my hair I
should clean that up
and it's still super long but she's
cleaning up the ends yeah love it and
round three we got four sir come around
back start with our hair cut
looking good yes just trimming it up and
then it will tell us what you want in
the front
Thanks let's Bank so bad but I do not
want to deal with bangs they're not
always fun to deal with so now it's fun
to do it they're super cute but they're
high maintenance they're kind of like
super cute for a second and then they
grow so fast and rise a mess especially
with little girls and it's always in
their face and they're always wanting to
do stuff mm-hmm
just go back well then why in the world
would you have them so I need the kind
of hairstyle it's low maintenance
because we've seen how often i doing out
there
let's just be honest okay let's be
honest and it's not that I don't want to
do there all the time they just throw
fits because they don't want me to do it
because they're super independent I've
got right from the start what my dreams
are no way I said whoever skin their
hair cut gets to play on the phone so
now it's chisels turn when you're
playing are you playing - hamburger game
okay we've just show them the hangar
Burgamy we talked about last time and
didn't show what it is okay there's a
hamburger game ah you get a certain
order and then you got a fulfill the
order hey yeah alright let's see it lets
see those whispies yes so there's some
short ones in the front they're not
famous bangs but there are wispy try and
do it pretty are you happy uh-huh
some cards turn he won't be a bufflehead
anymore how do you like being a
bufflehead dude I love it you looking a
little bit you don't you like staring at
girls one I always have to have Kayleigh
do it because the last person that
doesn't look even
miss this whole like this holy uneven
and that happens every time I get sent
her to her cut not from Kaylee two or
three lovely Bravo Bravo and clapping
I'll remember that always princes are
handsome one two three oh my goodness
that was precious
so wait ladies who wrote that song
yeah Bailey she's a songwriter okay
we're ready guys I don't know what they
have in store ever they have some Oh
ha ha ha oh I'm glad you shine away
watch your mouth safety say oh we were
watching too many YouTube videos
oh my goodness so there was alright so
hi guys we're just making a leprechaun
trap from me
and here's gonna be these flowers in it
cuz I need it for my class and I need to
catch a leprechaun yes she needs to go
to everyone and so on
decorating this box with green and then
she's going to put all the other little
decorations on it this is going to be
used to catch a leprechaun what are we
going to put inside of the trap to help
the last leprechaun to lure him or her
to the top
um I think we'll add a light and
Christmas stuff all over right Christmas
of st. Patrick's Day stuff mean st.
Patrick sale stop now so what do our
cars like though remember
cool Oh
truck you little leprechaun can't really
see it okay look at me hey tell me no
mom man through high careful dude this
is one of those moments where sort of
doing a little bit last-minute it but
it's gonna be really great because I
forgot dart I did never no no no no
that's not face paint oh thank you oh my
gosh my face let's go sham the baby's
entire Centauri centaur dance for me hi
guys were they oh my goodness
baby turn I have really appreciated you
the last couple days you know why right
because if it wasn't for you we would
have no footage for the videos you've
been doing a good job of vlogging I
appreciate you picking up the camera and
make it a habit yeah
you know what you're gonna get a race
we're gonna give you a raise for the
Shaytards alright so every thumbs up you
baby hard race we're doing homework
we're just checking it we just listen
you guys see if what are you touching
the screen bro oh oh are you showing
little Wow get your finger off the
screen that's vlogging rule number seven
- three now you get your D motion that
Ray isn't it could just wiped it out
keep the camera from me that's the man
one of all Shaytards vlog every be on me
a majority of the time
fatty tard I'm the start of the show
honey okay
I see if you guys can answer this
question ready max was paid 75 cents for
walking this Butthead he gave Bob 35
cents for helping him how much money did
max have left max should charge more for
his dog walking service
seventy-five cents come on miss Lee you
can pay more than 75 cents all right
good job go here go this is a huge
pocket okay today is grandma's birthday
she is 53 years old grandma is seven
years younger than grandpa okay show me
how you do this oh come to mama
mush h-hey I'm keeping my camera okay
will you need to come to your project
okay your project and surely but slowly
the children are taking over the family
business it's been crazy the last couple
days baby tart I haven't told her I
haven't said hey need to film or
anything she just finds the camera on my
desk and picks it up in vlogs herself in
her surroundings
the day is coming I know it I've tried
to put it off as long as I can but I
know that the kids want to make youtube
videos and I know they will be youtubers
but you know I just want them to be
children for a while so I've kind of
purposely held it back from them so
we'll see what happens after this year
is over of the daily vlogging I'm sure
the kids will start channels and you're
not gonna get rid of us so if you guys
are frayed that the Shaytards are going
anywhere you're sorely mistaken my
friends we will be on every computer
squid in the world by 2015 thanks for
watching today's vlog check out
yesterday's vlog why don't you go ahead
and fill up you know what I'm always
tell you what is in the feeling lucky
button it's supposed to be like a
surprise like you click on it be like
what they're gonna be today but
sometimes I want to tell you it's the
new podcast remember yesterday when I
told you I was really excited for
today's podcast well today is now today
well yesterday when I said so anyways
check it out it's all based on this
movie I saw based on theories of Ray
Kurzweil he's a futurist
and inventor and probably one of the
smartest men alive today movie is called
transcendent man and we talk about how
technology is growing at such a rapid
race that it's exponential and that in
20 years from now there will be
computers the size of red blood cells
that will be able to put inside of our
bodies and create immortality for men
that literally you will be able to live
forever based on the technology of these
machines insane stuff it's all the new
podcasts WeChat all
about I'm really excited to hear your
feedback and what you guys think about
the crazy new technology that is here
and is in our future so check out the
I'm feeling lucky button check out what
the Shaytards are doing one year ago two
years ago three years and four years ago
you know the routine love your faces
will see you tomorrow
