hi I'm vlogging here 6:45 in the morning
and Lonny's out a canopy in the sparkly
snow yes my mother look the driveway was
clear last night probably not three four
inches high
look here's how you tell fresh blanket
fresh blanket on the truck
oh hi light oh what's in the light let's
see them we're covered in snow huh what
do you think that sure is if we can make
it to school well what do you think
windshield wipers strong enough to try
it
Oh get it with your wiper yeah it's a
light powder nice cast is a question
yeah it says Oh what are you doing your
said how do you guys how do you make it
it's okay to cry how do you make
yourself feel happy can you make
yourself so happy or can you not when
you're set what do you do I use my I'm
sorry you do yeah that make you feel
better
yeah why do you cry still to sleep do
you get sad Brock what are you doing
you're sad how do you make yourself
happy
no idea thank you wait until I get happy
that's a good idea
oh my gosh iron lenses fun let him in
hello sir hey gage you ever get sad
never don't lie to us okay so what do
you do in your set how do you make
yourself happy again greed that's a good
idea
yeah okay I mean I think you do that a
lot too
Brock said he just waits until he gets
happy again we're doing a video on how
to stay happy he I mean so she cries
herself to sleep
why do you quit why do you cry yourself
to sleep I kind of go on a piece of
course you go into personnel you know
like look snow on the road even if we go
off the road there's another hundred
feet of snow nothing's going to happen
they're just no everywhere like it's no
wonder why please don't tell me how to
drive six-year-old yeah I'm at times
yeah Brockovich okay well you know okay
well fine you get up here and drive come
on you're driving guys look we're
getting fresh track there's like four
inches of snow in the road and we're
getting fresh powder I think I probably
will go skiing today when you say that
kids are happier than most people I
think being depressed is being sad as
something you learn I think it's
something you learn from having
one of my happiest you think could do is
good library all right send to the
school you guys have a happy day okay
and if you feel sad that's okay it's
okay to feel sad right now please let me
go cry herself to sleep you read a book
while without a seat a discussion how do
we work together to find happiness
possible enjoyment chapstick on
fantastic okay great out of here I'm
sorry we're using you guys's America is
you save up 100 books and read them all
before summer head really take any part
of the hundred book club yeah yeah we
couldn't pull it off
alright little buddy for you excited to
go to school today
no well I'm sorry that is part of life
we go to school and now it look really
cool though you've got your Batman shirt
and your blue shoes you look cool dude
you guys he is just like a via was when
she was this age remember how I couldn't
get her to dress the way I wanted her to
he's very much the same way he likes to
wear his own outfit she likes to pick
I'm for you and and if I can oh yeah
yeah really yeah you can see me
I'm so glad hey I can see you oh yeah
yeah
let's wash your face off cake let's get
your shoes on wash your face off and
we'll go to school high five yeah yo I'm
about to upload today's vlog it's we're
daily vlogging again because it's like
oh yeah this is like a conversation
we're having because yesterday's video
kind of like conversation of yesterday's
video believes in today's video but I'm
nervous to read the comments about my
whole happiness rant right everything
goes around I just wanted to say some
words and who knows if those were the
right words you could probably say more
words about them and I have but I'm
worried about like two deep eyes
and being mad at me don't be mad at me I
like PewDiePie but to me that is the
real reason I started YouTube is the
conversation the fact that some dude
across the world can say something and I
could be like well actually here's what
I think and then all of his 53 million
viewers can be like bad and it's a fun
conversation just that we are
transcending geographical boundaries it
doesn't matter what state country
continent that you live in you could be
on a dinghy and the ocean brother
you could be on that sailboat down under
and we could be chatting because the
Internet is here and that's cool we
should remember that we should remember
that the world is becoming a glass ball
we can see each other now and because we
can see each other we get to know each
other better and I think if we know each
other better we'll fight less and the
less shootin Bahman killin and fightin
that we're doing I think the happier
we'll be
so let's get to know each other I'm
getting to know you getting to know all
about you hey okay let's go to the
mountains come on follow me here we go I
want this guy's job I'm jealous
he's plowing the top deck you guys can't
tell but his plow is up like two feet
because I saw much of it yeah you know
I'm vlogging in the forest
look here's it's real life moth yes hey
so I was texting with a friend about the
difference between sadness and
depression now you can be sad I get to
have the difference I think is how long
will you allow yourself to suffer it is
harder for certain people I am not
denying that fact it is definitely I
mean there's chemical imbalances and
some people just have an easier time at
being cheerful at the end of the day in
fight this till the end of time
you're good feeling your life is up to
you in the sooner that you realize that
and I like when Casey nice that sets
you're going to come down you're going
to come back up you're going to go above
you're going to come back
the middle I said that in the video
seven years ago back in the z103 Studios
Shay tell him hi
I feel like strangling a unicorn however
one of those days you know not in the
best of moods that happens to everybody
I'm sure happens to you you're not the
good mood every day are you well neither
am i and I'm Shay car I'm supposed to be
always in a good boot but I think back
to a wise man who once told me sure you
gotta build bridges bridges Shay peaks
and valleys peaks and valleys bridges
you're happy one day you're up you're on
the top of the mountain on the peak and
then the next day in the valley the
valley of the shadow of death and you
feel so emo emo tears of blood fall down
your face and you're crying shame of
enlightenment so it's up and down you
know how did everybody goes through it
I'm happy one day sad the other day and
the bridges are the pathways from the
peaks skipping the valley and going to
the next peak it's just a little bridge
that you build that you save yourself
you know what I'm not going to be in a
bad mood no I refuse to accept this mood
I'm in right now and I'm going to be
happy I'm going to smile take a deep
breath of oxygen and I'm going to be
happy and that's that's what you do and
sometimes it's easier said than done but
I'm a firm believer that we can make a
conscious choice to simply choose the
way that we feel by deciding that by
saying to ourselves you know what me
could I call myself when I'm back at
home me you know what me I just don't
feel good right now and I don't want to
feel that way anymore so you know what
I'm gonna do I'm gonna be happy oh yeah
yeah and then I say to myself why are
you talking in that creepy voice that's
really weird the simple act of smiling
even if you don't feel like smiling will
put you physiologically in a better mood
like you feel like crap and you make
yourself collective so build those
bridges people I'm building my bridge
right now I am gonna be putting myself
in a bad mood look look what I found
this is happiness saw oh look at this
happiness board I'm gonna cut this board
my happiness off now I have a board I'm
gonna build it as a bridge I need some
more tools I'm going down a my happiness
tool shot I'll be right back Oh so all I
am suggesting is that let's just work
harder to build those bridges where am I
I'm at a peak right a valley so I need
to build a bridge how long have I been
in this valley why don't I just get up
and build a bridge or a ladder maybe
some of you that take quiet solace in
the presence of these great trees and
not just feel a little bit of happiness
fantastic I'm gonna go ski through these
trees so I can't keep my camera open
well okay I'm gonna keep the camera open
you guys ready he's gonna ski get a
GoPro you say Oh No well then too busy
skin
and now no need in the time lab because
yeah okay so I took cactus school and I
actually went got my hair done my good
friend Brittany did my hair she gave me
a little trim and colored it a little
bit he usually does my hair but I
decided to try for it today and she did
a great job I love it I mean I always
love it when anybody does my hair
because I'm the type of person that
waits forever to get their hair done
it's been a while since I put any color
in it but she's gave me a very natural
look so that when it grows out I won't
have to come back and get it redone
right away to look it'll look normal
right cause that's kind of how I roll I
don't get my hair done very often but I
love it when I do I feel very pampered
today and I'm very grateful so let's go
pick up back and go see how family's
doing I swear the places are you doing
no not a plan to stay whether it's go to
the animal hide wait yeah okay so we're
here it's like oh my comfy all like
you're the dog whisperer some are all
know I am so good I am blogging the
cuddles mom we are Jackson can we are
both of you
these struggle when they have two kids
that share a room that got always fight
what clears who is clean on the road
who's not pulling their weight around
here
how many fertility on the subject was
good he adapted I have a question why
are you not healthy brought from your
room
well we have to do things they don't
want to in life
yes okay Lee it work it should be really
good if you see the job right now what
would you tell that yes good oh great
great over here from in the back okay
Alan hey give me that every single few
tiny River clean
I don't think you have it yeah yourself
candy let me see that
oh no he's like a boss he's gonna whip
it oh that's me crazy why is the focus
going in and out you want a boy or two
notes that's slander look at brave you
are you don't have any loose teeth yes I
would I'll pull it right out
oh yeah oh it won't hurt thank you for
translating it good I saw what I see hey
what what do you see hey hey an apple
trees a blank I thought I wanted a yeah
you did yeah we had a lot of snow it's a
film I naturally what is art let me let
me show you guys so turn turn the head
so let's give a riddle there's a little
bit of highlights right here as you can
see it's not focusing how rude of the
camera
there's a little highlights right here
and then there's some that kind of
combines in the back and she's got cute
highlight successes on the court down to
her um ends and hurt did she give you a
trim - yeah okay yep so not no more
split ends so just to end up the split
ends anyways cut the tour over here on
the side okay
