hello everybody the Shaytards are here
live in action I created these these are
my best creations are you ready
oh well howdy how are you doing welcome
to another Shaytards vlog are you ready
to have a great attitude and a smile on
your face haha he is ready any guesses
what you think we're doing let's go come
on that's kinda creepy hi guys this is
shaycarl
we just got out of church when we
learned about Jesus and the king is
being robbed I am ready to slay the
dragon how do you solve the problem like
the baby Todd and fax me over the
Johnson file okay
this reminds me of neverending story oh
we're getting flogged act like you like
me you guys are just cute I just had to
vlog it Oh Oh jeepers oh now what are
you doing now you get not the camera the
kids are doing to the death hi kitty
yeah waiting for you toots hey whose
shirt is that by the way well it's my
shirt and those are my shorts
we are not now tell what we're going to
do oh that is so cute Ireland why not
come dude why don't you ever go to
Ireland remember love not war hey you
seen Center you see
Gavin you having a good time
tell me what we've done so far today
went swimming you took too long what
later today
the app doesn't need to be told twice
daddy's so crazy morning hi what's your
name I'm Brittany hi Brittany girl when
it starts up dog five you are a monster
chimera start a coherent scene for me
why'd you know that she was gonna say
Tasha you are saying
put your bed over there yeah how come
because why I pretty oh you pretty
opened it for him what does that mean
you pretty opened it for him your mouth
baby tired he's staring at everybody's
butts sitting down there you're a buck
level down there oh you got rice krispie
treats yeah I want some Hey Baby Target
are you hogging all the rice krispie
treats busted you don't get utensils
with your hand
Tasha oh that's a cute baby man that's
your fingers what are we going to do you
want your baby to sleep for you so you
think we move the bed show sleep better
yeah excuse me are you burping your baby
Brock you're excited Proctor is eating a
giant hamburger bun that he found in the
kitchen and his toe no no we just bought
a ticket to come watch him say I believe
oh it's a race go there they go little
boys say whether I think I can or I
think I can't I'm right Jackson are you
gonna exercise with us or just have cool
hair at a bad attitude
hey are you just making a mess in here
are you just making a mess in here are
you ready for breakfast hey where's Dean
you're welcome and he's learning how to
feed himself and it was just the cutest
thing you know oh wow
Dax didn't just woke up and still
doesn't really know how he feels yet
wait no this way
that's ten oh my hat I'll go watch him
dad Dobie you're gonna write on the back
of the four-wheeler hey calico they like
to hide behind things cuz they get
scared of us I sit down my computer I
see what you have done so far today it's
just nice see ya
sister cool family and we slayed the
evil dragon as a family as the prince
Daxton slept in his stroller baby Tasha
away from me baby Tasha's naked naked
baby doctor what are you acting crazy
for just cuz the camera came on guys are
showing off for the camera she wants to
move her bed over there she says why so
her baby Tasha can sleep better
yeah
