regular but to try to be something
peace out
okey dokey it's time to get some haircut
into action going on this is actually
historically speaking how rockers second
haircut oh yes and we have our very
special family cut trous rock guard you
ready
getting your hair cut on the kitchen
table it looks concerned oh oh you have
an aunt C dude you have instead we have
to cut all the bugs out of your heads
hey iron men are you gonna supervise
this haircut oh my bad dude what I'm
thinking sorry Pamela Ranger Thor Power
Ranger and we have Captain America here
all the superheroes have assembled for
this special haircut I Love You Man I
think it's cute little how thick a
little shoes and like a nice little
round bottom and everything that's all
looking great no you might look so cute
I think it makes him look older does it
make you look older it makes you look
like a little man it is right how long
how long ago that was a couple months in
the summer yeah he needs a haircut bad
is this it gets like all like rat like a
rat's nest back here because it's look
at that sorry bro hey you look so
handsome you're gonna look back on this
video later on in life and be like I'm
so glad my father filmed every moment of
my life since I was born
is that true I don't know dad
Paige how come those eyes are so blue as
your eyes is so blue your mom and dad
realize ya know my eyes are greenish
clear my eyes
look into my eyes they're like a hazel
of screen a brown green green they're
intense though they're staring let's see
your eyes I honestly feel like your eyes
have gotten greener as we've been
married I know you're dating they're
brown well as I was growing up they're
always just dark brown like that's what
I always dude you're like becoming me
our green that's coming together define
rock card what do you think good that
feels good the hub did that Phil's got
some long hair let's see are you gonna
be blond
you're gonna have brown hair like your
mom and dad huh where'd you get that
blonde hair it's getting darker yeah
he's the Three Stooges got him into a
bowl cut hey located just shave it all
no black hair allowed only blonds dude
that's like when I had my beard long I
wouldn't find like a three-inch white
strand of hair stark white like Santa
Claus white in my beard was crazy
looking good man
it's been really good Richie gage what
does he look like
three stooges saw the mystery student is
look handsome little boy doesn't know if
he likes it or not look at ball cut
hey Larry Bowa girl II know we have
rocky he's one of the Three Stooges do
you think you like a gage oh yeah let's
get that mohawk going I like that it's
handsome hey bud hey buddy five five
five five - slow slow slow
oh yeah Glen Plake dude that's like my
high school I don't know it's growing up
skier extraordinaire taking the do rock
town shred some pow pow next weekend bro
let's go in plank right there got
nothing
huh cut nothing Mohawk going on up there
you're gonna be so cute I can't wait to
see the after is out he's like what are
you doing the voiceovers around here I'm
in charge of the voice-over if I say
what he's like you good comedy relief
now you better start because we're
putting words into your mouth I think my
dad's the best parent I have he's such a
big father
did she loves your hair our Iron Man and
Thor fighting or as I Captain America do
- Captain America and Thor not like each
other
no dude he just jumped on your shoulders
we into about that
Oh chin to the head way to go soldier
careful or Kaylee's gonna open up an
artery on your head
and that won't be fun lookin handsome
little boy all right let's see the after
looking good looking handsome looks like
ready look look what do you think what
are you like you're handsome cool check
it out what do you think look aside look
at this side would you like it did
nothing or is try not to smile thanks
Kaylee see thanks Haley
spider-man is handsome - thanks Kaylee
all right thanks for all tutorials on
hair beauty tips and tricks subscribe -
hey Haley hey guys today I am here with
Mindy from cute girls hairstyles go
check her out links below she does all
kinds of cool stuff but the special -
games crafts hair cutting and crafts and
like there's her hair cutting stuff and
check out her crafts
okay now she's making a Power Move
new girl did her job shut up
whose baby tard on the train app this is
second ago I was watching her and she
saw that I was watching so she started
during the Oprah gong-gong then spiral
bands her however it's all she's gonna
be a little comedian because she loves
to just be silly
she'll just be down there and if she
sees that I'm watching her she'll just
are being super big big big crazy she's
done the Tramp a few times and every
time she's done she goes and does this
amazing pose with her arms and print the
start is doing a great job to it she was
doing a headstand competition a second
ago Oh
Oh burns that you're super close they
don't want to see all my blemishes just
a couple well now you're showing on my
shoulder
hi guy thing let's show you something
okay over here okay
we can hear you all the way hi
I don't know not at all well looking
here looks like you found yourself on
the in slate once again you know
interesting statistic I was just
checking out vid stats X it's a website
that tracks youtubers statistics like
subscribers and stuff and in the last 24
hours
677 people have subscribed to the
Shaytards that's crazy to think that
since I've uploaded my last video 677
people have clicked a button that means
they want to see more of us that means a
lot to me thank you so let me just
explain what the end slate is so those
677 people I'm talking to you people
only there's a lot of you know at the
end slate is basically this is a
launching pad for more Shaytards
there are six options that you can click
on 6 videos of fun and happiness enjoy
please click on up you can either click
on yesterday's video you can click on
the mystery video if your feelings
mysterious or you can see what the
Shaytards were doing on this day exactly
one year ago two years ago three years
ago Edie
a TRO on Yost's ago don't forget to get
a Shaytards for your anniversary shirt
they're only gonna be available for the
rest of this month and I'm really
excited for tomorrow's podcast we talked
about this new documentary I watched
called transcendent man and how in the
future humans just might become immortal
and it's very realistic
ie almost I think I believe that it
could happen check out tomorrow's
podcast it'll be out tomorrow Friday
love you guys see you tomorrow bye
