hi guys get ready for school
and you're gonna have a lot of fun there
good morning
MIT guys ready to have a great day at
school yes baby why don't you wake me up
like this oh it's pretty it's not too
harsh it's like a slide that you slide
the thing okay thank you turn the camera
off let's pray would you find math
tiredest
son turns out this for Christmas and he
is loving it the batteries are a little
bit dead she's kind of glitchy that cool
what is that got a spider he's an orange
spider huh
well don't let him fall off the table
touch the spider can you make him turn
around you never had to make them pick
him up okay Rock chart do you know the
spider song can you sing the spider song
you can you sing the spider song one of
these days you guys I'll get him to sing
it for you and shown the actions of a
Dora ball look you got to turn left you
can go backwards push the button the
other button one of these days I'll get
him to sing it for you when he's not
distracted oh ji-ho
he's getting super angsty in the
apartment so we came for a walk and now
he's just sniffing everything he can but
the weird thing he will not be in the
grass yet we've trained him on the puppy
pads up on the deck and he will not go
in the grass it's so weird I don't know
how we're gonna teach him that it's okay
to go in the grass I'm thinking when we
once we get a yard we'll just have to
put the puppy pads out on the yard and
hopefully he'll learn that's okay no the
poor thing just holds it every time we
go for a while so I had a moment today
where I looked at my calendar and I
thought oh my gosh Layla's life is next
week for some reason in my brain I
thought I had like another week to
prepare but I don't hopefully I'll be
able to throw it all together by next
week I do have most everything planned I
just wanted to get the house really
clean because Shay's parents are coming
back afterwards they're coming to
playlist live with us and then they're
coming back to stay for a week
afterwards for their spring break and
I'm super excited because I love hanging
out with family anytime we get the
opportunity to have family come stay
with this it is so awesome I love it are
you guys going to play this live we will
be heading there next week it's gonna be
awesome and warm and humid and I love it
and we've got a five hour six hour
flight with a toddler last time we went
on a
site like that with rock chart it was
kind of rough so I'm hoping that it will
be good this time because it's a little
bit older we'll just have to load up the
iPad with lots of movies movies on my
pad movies on my pad good job princess
hard outside yep
he was outside beat meows so this point
this place do no wrong like made up all
their rules son tired puts it a
wild-card down and then it calls green
and then he puts five green cards down
oh you think that you would have one
card change the color and then put all
of that color down in one tournament too
Ariens good till we play I'm like that's
bullcrap it was real rules
well gotta teach in the room he's like
totally sitting on you yes oh yeah you
do come on Shane your grace be honest do
you think I'm dumb please you have to
believe in yourself you see the whole I
don't know just children that's weird to
me because no I wouldn't even touch an
apple benchpress
oh please I regard you Bank Brett so you
can win he'll know next time wait wants
to spot me listen you better not lose
next to me plate you know what these
guys I'll be back and I'm gonna give my
hundred thousand dollars back wait what
you're poor now by the way
elites to our kids oh crap
back rad back ride I'm on a background
background my grad I'm on a bike ride it
is foggy out here today
misty mysterious it's a fog the cloud
it's a little steamy stuff I'm listening
to Joel Osteen every day of Friday such
a good book highly recommend it I'm
listening to the chapter right now on
being grateful and having gratitude and
just being thankful for what you have
and it makes me pause and think about
all the things I'm grateful for
maybe I don't say it enough they don't
tell you guys enough mostly grateful for
a beautiful wife who supports me laughs
at my jokes that's willing to wrestle
with me at midnight while she's tired
and put up with my rambunctious Ness
rightful for children who are healthy
smart beautiful intelligent and funny
grateful for my body and it's healthy I
can choose health and put good things
into it and feel strong and run and lift
and ride my bike grateful for you guys
grateful that I'm able to have a job
that I am able to do what I want and be
free be my own boss and share ideas of
optimism and hope and positivity great
dudes those guys are like hitting each
other grateful to live in this beautiful
part of the world where it is mostly
sunny most days there's palm trees and
beaches and gorgeous scenery grateful
for my freedom I'm able to believe
things I want to believe and explore new
ideas and be open-minded to other people
and new cultures breathe fresh air just
grateful for life in general when you're
grateful for all those things man you
realize what a good life you have all
check it out I'm grateful for the
motorcycle it's a home in Idaho I miss
it you guys remember my KLR 650 right
there baby
that's exactly my bike I wish I had my
bike here and miss it so much
I'm grateful for baby right between my
legs this is just a tool egg shape our
bicycle I'm riding here and I'm grateful
I can see things like this
what is going on here there's a giant
wheel made out of steel this guy looks
like he's just trying this for the first
time I'm not sure what it is one type
bro hold on tight I don't think he
really knows how to work it
I don't want him to hurt himself but it
might be good for the video you gonna do
right there you go thanks to this guy
we're providing us with some sweet
background music there we go there we go
there we go
we made it one rotation
Hey
what are you doing you won't make work
abandon are you guys didn't even know I
was celibate I need some princess
footage and my brother under what he's
doing but let's go check it out he's
just reading a book and he did a little
less cleaning but he was um Prince um
Prince clean four and that's what we
call him but we she calls himself
brother
he calls himself brother clean water but
we don't call him brother
look I'm sorry I'm moving class they
can't really cut my little brother drank
JC trying to knock me out and lacrosse
him
peaceful rally for the tea
okay guys bye-bye let's check it out my
sister's doing
you guys are upside down let's see what
my brother's doing you're let me sit
down I have my little brother he's so
cute E and I gonna do again right you
guys
and I am grateful for a nutritious
healthy dinner made by a lovely chef
every night well you know what time is
it are you giving the alarm bell for the
dinner time it's dinner time it's dinner
time shoot oh my goodness
are you a Scouter you don't think our
card is ready
give me the Scout Law right now you know
what follow me ready trustworthy loyal
helpful friendly courteous kind obedient
cheerful thrifty brave clean and
reverent for drugs no that's not an
acronym a bunch of traits that you
should try to adopt in your personal
life got that okay repeat it to me go
trustworthy loyal helpful friendly
courteous kind obedient cheerful thrifty
brave clean and reverent go do it
don't forget do it now or your failed
you're gonna kick that scouts your head
in reven that snot clean mister Scout
that's true I just broke one of the
things I know it's great stop we happens
at the Prairie OTT Scout you guys know
I really love you what do you thankful
for come on you can do this more than
just once a year at Thanksgiving tell me
in the comments below what are you truly
grateful for excited to see all of you
that are coming to Orlando Florida next
Friday to come to playlist live that is
gonna be exciting another quick reminder
that if you want a four-year anniversary
Shaytards shirt they will only be
available for this month only after the
month of March they will be gone forever
we just do a select run on those and we
want them to be like just the month of
our anniversary so we don't sell any
around so if you want one you got to get
one now check out what the shake cards
were doing one year ago two years ago
three years and four years ago some
interesting and then it's so crazy
watching these four year ago three years
ago things what we are doing who
remembers when I jumped in the world
record biggest bowl of spaghetti huh huh
go check that out yeah that's right
shaycarl
I am a Guinness Book World Record holder
you didn't think I was did you yeah I
hold the world record jump in the
world's biggest bowl of spaghetti I was
the biggest meatball in that bowl of
spaghetti let me tell ya I was a chubby
wubby back then man it's crazy so glad I
lost the weight I feel a hundred
thousand million but trillion times
better
thanks for thumbing up the video you
guys and commenting go check out the
brand new podcast it's in the feeling
lucky button click on that and we will
see you
