meet shaycarl butler he's a youtuber
he's got four kids a hot wife and a dog
they're on a quest to make a documentary
so let's join for the last year of daily
vlogs son time Prince a star baby tart
and rock tart seek the big paw starred
Katie let and shaycarl the head of the
Shaytards hey hey there vlogging here
know what's going on
play your song fit go let's hear that
funky music
let's money you can't play it you can't
play the song with babies and puppies
babies and puppies puppies and babies
puppies same thing that happens when you
play the guitar alright beautiful music
beautiful music he's biting your guitar
I'll bite you if you bite my guitar not
even joking
alright are they tired is a beautiful
singer and I will try to catch her
singing would have never were
okay no let mommy play it that was funny
you playing the guitar it's rock and
roll right there saris nice for nice big
speech I am lugging him in here from the
car and back out to the Garcias heavy
I'm like winded by the time I get up the
stairs
it's always more relaxing when you sleep
in here because he likes to run around
and you're not allowed to run around up
here because they can hear it upstairs
what are you doing I see that the crazy
cat would be careful hopefully we don't
get in trouble
I love how they just look like monkey
you're just a monkey I figure in my
phone
what are you gonna play you know that
cheeseburger game the cheeseburger game
do you like cheeseburgers no more life
oh my but my buddy Bob sucked up your
Baba today did you try it
hey did you have face today all right
stretchy guys like my purple socks Shay
got them for me they're blue and purple
stripes can't see the stripes Ramos is
Janice oh that's a good stretch look
it's a big charge she's getting me a
workout right now oh thank you that's
such a good stretch how is Jim yeah
oh let's Jim yeah god it's like a
question yeah
tell me one tell me two things freak
incident tell me three things you did up
first a lot out in our civil question
champ an obstacle wait back up so I can
see an obstacle course
ah hey tell me one more thing that you
learned and then I like my hair but your
game no that's not something you learned
what did you learn new today anything
are they touching anything in this place
nope you're a stinker
okay one more thing oh I promise I will
not let you do it in a burger table tell
me one one deal monkey walk Oh mmm cool
yeah and you're the thing Oh show me how
to do monkey luck
well I have to do under a beam Oh like
you hold onto the beam upside down yeah
oh that's cool walk and you get to walk
with this easy and yet to move you can
go baklava began cool I'm trying to move
you up all right I guess you can play
The Hangover beam that's what I used to
felt when I was a kid hangar bird it's
when Mikey jets cool better bring the
puppy to school and base she wants to
see the puppy oh that sounds exciting
cake is it chief Erdogan now yes Oh baby
her just introduced me to this app that
I didn't even realize was on my phone
houki probably downloaded it and I
didn't know about it but look you can
make a cake and I'm making one for
princess charge see and putting the
toppings on it and a blue dot fun have
been a good time for this hog type right
this hard big bowls have to do it over
and over and over again this is hard I
need a cake
I put butterflies on words oh are you
sad they didn't really marry
I'm sorry next time I'll make you a girl
kick okay that's what happens if you
have daughters you have to get them the
same thing too then one of them sells
bad okay
eat your cake no no I'm not I'm not what
up fun app you don't really know we go
oh he's a fighter he's a fighter oh my
goodness he's gonna eat me for ass but I
will win
I always wooden I always win when you're
winning I only let you in but you know
I'm pretty sure the day will come with
he'll be pretty sure enormous and I will
not be able to win and I won't even be
trying so how's your day today guys I
just made dinner we had pasta with
mushrooms and tomatoes it's like this
thing that I made a while ago and it was
so good it was one of those things I
just threw together really fast like I
just cook whatever vegetables I had in
the fridge and cooked him up and it was
an awesome pasta sauce so I tried to
recreate it I use mushrooms onions
tomatoes peppers and it's really good
you guys like it hmm
you like it
so tonight it's just princess guard sent
hard and I at the table eating dinner
rock cards a white but he won't come
over and eat I don't know why mrs. dad
or something Shea's working Shay's gone
and little little what is her name again
soup tart a little snookums oh I win I
win huh he gave up cuz I was vlogging he
doesn't like when I vlog and play at the
same time this little button she poses
sleepies hey baby chard you want to eat
you want to eat no princess chard
already tried to wake her up and she
told her no so I don't blame her she's
probably super tired last night they
couldn't go to sleep very well I don't
know why I become male daylight savings
that's why I don't blame him for being
tired it's been a long day because of
the daylight savings time she's been
really super tired then this morning the
alarm in our apartment went off twice
within two hour period it went off twice
and stayed on
like 20 minutes each so we didn't get
very much sleep last night Zeki Oded he
sleeps all day there's such a sleepy cat
that's why you're so energetic right now
hey guys quick vlog today I got back
from Austin Texas really late the night
before I got in town at like 1:00 in the
morning so I just had a few clips for
today's vlog but I was just watching the
one year ago vlog today and it's when
Collette took me down to the beach and I
got to stay in that hotel right next to
my beloved beach rings for my 32nd
birthday and it's really crazy to think
this red Volcom hat that I'm wearing
right now was I got that one year ago
today my very first Volcom hat that had
my name on it and I talked about how
many Volcom hats I've owned in my life
and that was like the very first Volcom
hat that I got with my face and my name
on a big moment my life so I watched
those kind of videos I'm like man I'm so
glad I have these memories because I
kind of forgot about that like I forgot
when I got this hat and how I got it
but now I can go back that one year ago
video button I can check it out and see
exactly how it happened it's so cool
check out yesterday's vlog it's all the
exciting aspects of South by Southwest
and check out the mystery video and
we'll see you guys tomorrow
