oh yeah that feels good Saturday beat
run just did 10 miles in the sand and I
feel amazing you always always feel
better after work I promise there's a
funny saying that I seen somewhere
online or somewhere that somebody said I
always feel worst after a workout said
no one ever
it's like you never feel like doing it
it feels like drudgery and it just sucks
to get started but once you're finished
you're like yes Oh amazing just feel
like I've accomplished something and
like it makes the whole day better so
I'm getting ready to hit on over to
Austin Texas to go to South by Southwest
we're headed to the airplane right now
after I shower of course look at this
girl's tires I've seen motorcycle tires
skinnier than that that's crazy I don't
have you can see those tires or not but
they were like thick like big baby
motorcycle tires on a bike not the
interesting to try to ride those like in
the woods or like downhill like you like
tear through some stuff you know like
over potholes and bull holes and
squirrel heads and all that kind of gray
stuff oh my children come kiss your
father goodbye come tell me how much you
love me I love you I'll see you guys in
like 36 hours I'm only going for a day I
love you dude dude bro just kiss build a
lips roll so weird we kiss on the lips
sometimes as we love each other
bye I love you
two favorites here sons out here filming
this okay I got my luggage I'm leaving
just check my bags
ready
you guys make don't have look order I'm
gonna put this in there instead
if you don't know why I'd put that in
there you guys fill everybody else in
the elements for those in the or the
shaitaan/satan quarters I'm gonna set
you guys on this one
we gotta get to our game guys on the
walkway right now don't fall do not fall
backwards you guys break your head okay
stay right there
SEPA be alright so we're in Phoenix we
are head is now to Austin Texas I've
been to Austin many times three four
times like my buddy you guys remember my
buddy Jamie did ruski lives there back
when I was like right in the very middle
of my weight loss I was in the airports
a lot for some reason I was always
flying somewhere for some event or some
brand deal or going to do some filming
or something so during that time I made
this commitment that whenever I was
traveling I would never take any
assistant human traveling devices like
one of these walk walk things or an
escalator or an elevator that's kind of
something I've stuck with so whenever
I'm in an airport I always take the
stairs
I always walk and if I walk a lot after
I do one of those long runs it lets the
lactic acid go out of my legs so that my
legs are sore than upstairs
so we are making it all the way down
this entire corridor to be 16 that's
where we're headed
I'm here in my hotel
check out these panes I'm at the
Driskill Hotel which is like a hundred
and twenty-five year old hotel it's all
fancy room I feel the taint and kind of
from it round six here we go let's check
in my cart has a skeleton that's spooky
fancy fancy oh this is nice oh it's one
of those banker has 800 pillows on it
you have to destroy what is this oh cool
maker studios at South by Southwest 2013
schedule who put that on my bed that's
cool to have that's what I'm talking
about that's efficiency right there
alright so here's my view I'm
overlooking sixth Street Austin Texas is
abuzz and there's quite the lightning
storm going on when I was landing there
was a giant thunderstorm it's very like
classic fancy kind of hotel twice it
reminds me of the Titanic because it's
just like all these little details check
this out like the peephole is like this
really nice like embroidered metal thing
these drape covers they have a picture
of the Driskill Hotel it's like a
stenograph what's that called and
something's like put on the thingy thing
I had a lunch earlier today but then I
looked at on the menu and they had
tomato bisque soup and so I decided to
order it and then with every cup of
tomato bisque soup comes the chicken
sandwich and a Caesar salad so I had to
get that too because this is just
required anyways I was gonna wait for
cast them at the airport Kasim's coming
in he's gonna be on my panel with me
that freaked me out
lame is rob cheese and half the way I
know you want an Oscar but while I'm
vlogging you're gonna keep quiet young
lady I don't even turn the TV on
this freakin hotel you guys saw that you
guys saw I even touch the TV it just
turned on this is haunted
the dress cocktails it is 125 years old
think of how many people have been in
this room in this hotel dude I like the
song though mm-hmm
Amanda Seyfried oh yeah you guys I'm
lame is one thing I didn't like at the
very end I'm just gonna spoil it because
if you haven't seen it by now it's too
late if you don't want to hear a spoiler
then turn away at the very end I wished
all of their like clothes and stuff were
like totally clean you know at the end
when huge Ackman went to heaven quote
unquote
and he saw all those people don't you
wish that all of like their clothes for
like all brand-new and Anne Hathaway had
grown her hair back when not even cool
if in heaven like her hair was long I'm
talking about if you saw a mess if you
didn't I just ruin for a sorry check it
out it's really awesome behind they have
the way to win an Oscar for it hey you
guys it's Saturday night we just took
shade to the airport a couple hours ago
I already miss it so much
yeah you're going outside or you want to
do this side we've got singing baby turn
over here singing every song she knows
Rock chart over here while imma push the
swing we got weak somewhere over there
chase and the other little ones go hi I
thought you wanted to go on the slide
we're gonna do high or fat I'm not sure
if I know how to do this wings back high
let's go hi dick be careful don't get
hit with the swings the only ones at the
park it's like 7 o'clock at night we
probably shouldn't be here hanging out
with the dog he said what the heck we
haven't gotten out all day and it's time
to play so we're playing at the park hey
so I just got done with my panel into
the panel here at south myself
Danny Kassim and the CEO of maker
studios but casa da his shooting at
South by Southwest you trying to get on
this guy
yeah so let's do the California on right
now so they're shooting California on
and I actually have to go upstairs right
now I want to watch him shoot but I have
to go upstairs and fill the Shira Lazar
for what's trending I'm gonna be on the
what's trendy show so Kasim's doing the
California on here at South by Southwest
so be watching for that it should be
hilarious check out the floor of South
by Southwest it is point the traction
lots of people filling up this gorgeous
convention center right here in Austin
Texas hey you guys so I'm at the floor
of South by Southwest and I want to show
you these crazy machines hi amber
this is okay can you come towards me Hey
look she's on this thing that she's
driving oh that's too close amber back
it up back it up like whoa easy easy so
she is in a different state and then
she's wirelessly it's like FaceTime look
she's backing up and they're like robots
on screens and they can go and so what
are these what are these gonna be used
for like what's the main purpose for
these this is presence device so it's
great for people who have to have a
telepresence they have to remotely
connect to different offices places that
are you know remote so you can cut down
on costs or travel
for hospitals for educational settings
as well so this is like Skype on
steroids basically it's great too
because you don't have to have somebody
carry you around you just move yourself
around yeah you can move back and forth
what do you have like a little button
there this shows like back and forth
these were just I just use my arrows on
my keyboard you can also use your mouse
or a joystick and it just moved
there's a camera here so she can see me
there's me filming over here what you
need to do is put clothes on this I need
some like a jeans and a nice blouse and
really pull it all together I do that in
their office like call it Suzy or
something dress it up yeah then it can
just be whoever's are there all right
it's nice to meet you amber in Palo Alto
California yeah and that you - thank you
we're gonna you're gonna be on one of my
videos check it out youtube.com slash
Shaytards awesome thank you you'll be on
my youtube video okay love you bye
I'm Mary I married amber knock it off
alright crazy check these out it's like
a little device she's on the screen and
she can like move around like turn and
talk to people so I she could be like a
cocktail party I might go around talk
with you go give her a hug
super a hug you like dance with people
dude you better not be moving in on my
virtual girlfriend I just kissed her bro
easy I'm easy craziness craziness is
South by Southwest
there's no run I need to show you I was
just talking to Arturo Trejo his
remember he's no Arturo Trejo I can't
leave I don't blog with them we just go
show if he's over here he's out of booth
at South by Southwest for this new app
that he's part of called Treviso we're
in our turtle go me just leave Arturo I
forgot to vlog you of course came back
to blog Arturo give yourself a shout-out
they're doing a new app called to be so
it can be everywhere my name is Arturo
with these guys
very cool social media events
essentially it's just over the world
just my live a week ago live a week ago
I'll put a link below all right good to
see we just talked I had to vlog you all
right love you oh that's true love ice
tree laughs oh that's weird
conceited you guys we I never checked
out Arturo Trejo hilarious when my
favorite YouTube comedians on the WWE's
go watch it go watch his videos he makes
a P uploads them okay let's go let's go
behind casting cheek okay so I'm headed
over to a panel at the Long Center I'm
not sure that is but a good buddy of
mine
Mickey Meyer you guys remember Mickey
they named his kid danger his middle
name that's from a law a long time ago
true viewers know Mickey Meyer he's sort
of maker studios he named his kid of his
middle name danger and I didn't know
this but he told me that I was the first
one who ever announced that I am on a
taxi fight doing a great job man
your legs look really nice from back
here you get really good legs from doing
this I bet I would love to do this isn't
it cool there's such nice weather out of
this raining pouring rain I got here yes
got a tenancy maybe here I would take
one of these we're racing you guys
you're losing we're gonna win oh now he
wants to beat us no he's coming up on
our rear why guys names Lance Armstrong
so you got nothing on us
he's been doping for centuries just joke
and he doesn't dump I am youtuber I'm
Shay Carl nice to meet you let's meet
your hand nicely JJ now you're on now
you're a youtuber right now I'm gonna be
from youtubers react
oh yeah on the fine brothers yeah yeah
yeah that's right thanks the fine
brothers AJ from Austin Texas knows who
I am now good to meet you did in the
video
yeah you too this is so great what an
experience
we're on related Church and we're
running slightly late but we don't want
to miss today's today's a special
meeting so we said a little prayer that
we would have good traffic and so far
we've made it through how many green
lights like I eat yeah ain't green like
that is pretty good you guys I think
somebody's looking out for us right our
prayers as an answer okay guys there's
another one coming up
Otakon test load of cats safe it will
turn green what okay
keep trying keep trying we heat up
through like nine green lights so far so
we're doing good we're doing good making
good time still it's 1052 with the
daylight savings time I'm definitely
feeling I probably set up till like 2:00
last night just like fiddling around on
my computer doing my accounting and
stuff like that boring but I was like
it's quiet in the house I've got to do
it so I'm doing we just made it to the
church with three minutes to spare
that was the fastest we have ever gotten
to church and I know that some of you
are like at coincidence it's luck but
that was definitely an answer to first
wasn't it guys
yes that was crazy fast what just
happened right there but job guys good
job now what are you talking to alright
let's get into church we're gonna say a
prayer of thanks and then we're going to
church
this is Reggie Watts Sarah Silverman
Michael Cera Tim and Eric on stage at
South by Southwest it's a never ending
story movie night party whoa whoa so we
went to watch a movie on demand and
found that they have never any story on
the man that's interesting
I'm crazy okay so I have to tell you
guys I made some snaps brush since it
was a sugar night I decided to make some
treats but then I felt bad because son
card wasn't gonna be able to have some
so I made these chocolate cookies that I
used to make all the time and I tried
them with stevia instead and they were
disgusting they did not turn out good at
all all of us had a bite and spit it out
immediately it was the weirdest
aftertaste like that artificial
sweetener aftertaste
I felt bad but I made them again with
sugar and just awesome tart if it was
okay if you just had one of those
sugar-free fruit ropes that we have and
who's like yeah that's cool she
understands right this is the goal that
he made and we made a goal to knock off
sugar during the week but oh my weekends
guys I want to have a little fun so we
had some sugar cookies these are the
sugar oatmeal cookies and I might be a
bad mom these girls love me right yeah
Ron why are you making a mess over there
huh
Heys on guard are you okay with the fact
that I made cookies yeah you can't have
any beautiful baby beautiful tell me how
it's been like has it been really hard
do you feel like it's made a difference
in your life what it taught you that
life is hard so why do you think you're
so committed to doing the no sugar
because you couldn't give it up by now
nobody would have minded because you
could have given up and that would have
been sign right why cuz you're sticking
to your guns you made a goal right
you're doing awesome I'm super proud of
you honey I love you
over 40 okay happy Monday to you I am
back in Los Angeles I flew in last night
about 12:30 it was just a real fast
quick Austin Texas South by Southwest
trip for me I had a panel for maker
studios and then I filmed with Shira
Lazar for what's trending and I'm home I
was just a quick trip check out
yesterday's one take Sunday I have to
tell you an experience I was on the
airplane in Phoenix Arizona
getting my connecting flight back to LA
and I saw that the vlog went up Colette
did the one take Sunday for me so I was
on the plane and I had my headphones
when I was watching that little video
and when those kids sing that song I
really did start crying not like Bali
but you know how you well up and you
feel that tight and it's like oh I love
them so much and I just felt so happy
that Colette was such a good mom and
here teaching them and it was exciting
that I was flying back home to see them
so check out yesterday's vlog if you
want to feel happiness and joy I don't
know if you like that kind of stuff I
mean you do you like is that a thing you
like happiness and joy I don't know
check it out it's fun to try sometime oh
I see what the shake hearts are doing
one year ago two years ago three years
ago and four years ago you can click on
those buttons in the middle I think
actually two years ago I was asked out
by Southwest remember I was on that
solar-powered ferris wheel and I saw
Conan O'Brien that was pretty cool
experience and uh pick up really fun
mystery video for you so click on that
see you tomorrow
