Zig Zig Zig Zig Zig Zig hey hello are
you tired of being in your kennel today
he's been in his kennel all day today
huh oh it's so hard it's so hard being a
puppy so being a puppy so we just got
back from church we were at a long turn
today because kids did a performance
afterwards for another dude you need a
toy quit biting my dress so they were
did it no that's my curry you just bit
and my leg ouch they did a performance
for another ward and I wanted to see if
they would sing it to you guys would you
guys sing it for them for you okay come
line up baby tired come line up it's so
cute I'm so proud of him so Zeke had to
sit in his kennel for a long time today
but he's okay he survived it come on
all right good you guys when I tell him
what's up what this song is called do
you guys even know what this song is
cause I knew I grew up singing the song
I can't remember the name of it okay I'm
ready
even singing did you hear him
good job you guys thank you zzzzz no no
no he's seriously gonna put runs in all
of my stockings
that's right I have stockings on all
right this is our one take Sunday today
Shea is in that's my BOB Dick's biting
my bum stop it stop it you can tell he's
been in this kennel
all day because he just wants to play
okay grab you grab your Clifford here
first Clifford trevor's you're gonna be
so much bigger than Clifford anyway huh
I'm gonna be a big guy so Shea's in
Texas he's getting ready to fly home
right now so he should be in the airport
I hope he's in the airport if he's not
then he's late and he's gonna miss his
flight he'd better not miss his flight
so he again he gets home really late
tonight and tomorrow is the one we
usually do the podcast but we're
probably gonna change that to Wednesday
since he's getting in so late but
anyways I'm excited to see him and
usually I like to show like you know put
some new pictures up or clean the house
we're really good before he comes home
but I'm kind of feeling lazy so we'll
see if that happens I don't know if that
will happen but I don't know why I like
to do that you guys like to do that I
like to like have him come home and be
impressed by something I did I don't
know that's really weird
okay Ron chard what are you doing what
are you doing
are you watching aristocrats hey can you
show them your spider song that you
learned can you show them your spider
song dude you just totally shunned me
hey Rock chard do you wanna do the
spider song over I'm gonna do the spider
song I'm gonna eat this baby I'm gonna
eat the baby rock hard for reals he's
totally gonna ignore me isn't he hey hey
will you do the spider song
the itsy-bitsy spider I guess not well
they better take this doggy on a walk
well what are you guys doing today huh
we're doing anything exciting do not
make an effort to go do something nice
for somebody today get him get Clifford
get him did he do that to the back of
your dress or did you see her dress it's
ripped in the back did he do that to the
back of your dress princess card finger
this is what happens when you get a new
puppy he destroys things but at least
she's super cute so we're working on it
huh get it you better go get it
Oh do you guys miss daddy what do you
miss about daddy what do you miss about
dad he does he makes everything more
funner
yeah it's the Darius none of our whole
family CheY CheY you make everything
more funner even Zeke agrees geek weird
dad where's dad there you go I'm pretty
sure that Zeke is missing Shay as well
because last night before bed he was
wandering around the whole house just
sort of whining a little bit and he's
never ever done that before so I think
that he must say he was looking like
this dude that's not lying
what is that say your fashion girl they
found this website where they make like
different fashions on these girls and
they've been putting up on there well
let's go see their fashion in East us
you guys have fashionistas look you know
it's what yeah you have a lot of them
look at how cute even you probably
shouldn't admit this even centaur helped
him do one this is fashion
oh cool cool
good job baby turd alright I love you
guys do you want to tell that anything
you like Andy worried about you baby too
hard you want to tell that anything math
yeah I also love you too
what are you doing you crazy girl
alright let's see if some time does
anything to say to you honey
son hard job anything to tell Dad love
you bro I hope you know rattlesnakes
well I sure hope so as well show us your
choice your best uh what do you call it
basketball thingy yeah I'm not a
basketball person okay hold it again
okay don't even look at the mess over
there don't look okay working on it
nice cool alright we hope you fly safe
honey and all of you guys out there have
a great even if the Sun isn't shining
they should be shining in your heart
that was a good night wasn't it wait do
I tell him what we watched last night oh
yeah
neverending story and Valcour actually
had a really good saying on there he
said uh I forgot what he says I'm gonna
remember I tweeted it now I forgot what
I what he said but I will let you go oh
you know tomorrow okay okay he said he
said if you have a positive attitude
luck will come your way or something
like that I don't remember exactly what
I said
anyways that was a really inspiring
moment ha specially when I remember okay
I love you guys have a great day and see
you tomorrow
