I'm going I'm going order that a
mattress orgy falling a-pink's no coping
you up at soccer practice
wash your hands on Mermaid Man 3
hosana
okay here we are
what is this day 3 day 4 of filming a
lot of people were tweeting me about you
mr. d got Tim Deegan from my music is
that much much music my music myspace
much music what would you compare it to
in America it would be like MTV if you
like TRL 0 this is Canadians Carson Daly
hey guys
Tim Deegan is Canadians Carson Daly and
I watch your vlog yesterday you guys go
subscribe to apprentice a they do daily
vlogs of the making of the documentary
these are our documentary cameras this
is the monitor I was just done and yeah
so look alright I was just talking for
an hour and a half into this camera hi
you see me on the mother I just told the
whole story of basically Who I am and
you collect meeting and dating and we're
kinda just like building a whole like
who I am and this is like the first
segment of the documentary so I just
feel for an hour and a half and then
clutz gonna come they're going to ask
her questions so go subscribe it's an
interesting story
houghton diggin Canadians Carson Daly
came to be here at my house today
because of the YouTube gathering in
Toronto and Dundas Square very
interesting I didn't know that that's
really interesting I was watching you
guys this vlog last night I was like
really that's really cool story go check
it out go subscribe to prentice sake all
their vlogs are like the making of this
documentary so if you're interested in
the movie and like what's going on
go subscribe to apprentice a I'll put
their links below thank you thank you
you and I haven't shot a video together
since Santa versus Santa right right so
a couple years ago I and I'm playing my
side of this do you tell your storm side
of the story on on our blog felt on my
side of the story on your vlog in 2010
around Christmastime Shay and I am
wheezywaiter lazy way down a video in
Toronto so you came to Toronto right
through a YouTube gathering in Toronto
and that's when I met him I remember
meeting I remember being with you and
being with Craig never meeting him and
we just kind of talked to he was like
yeah like this really really nice guy
and I'm like he looks like he should be
in videos he's a handsome devil how's
Kim you can't deny that he's a tall
glass of water Tim Deegan oh you're so
handsome
really why no another crazy thing about
that time too is we're at Dundas Square
in Toronto we were there meeting
everybody and signing autographs and
taking pictures and stuff and up on the
big screen it's like Dundas Square is
like Times Square in New York I'm
comparing everything to like America and
Canada but it's kind of like Canada's
Times Square so they have like these big
like monitors like these big TV screens
and while we're there taking pictures
with people baby tards James Blunt CD
comes up on like the giant Jumbotron in
Dundas Square and it was like Shay look
it's baby tard I'm like there's my
daughter like in this giant jumbo screen
while I was in Toronto at this gathering
it was this really crazy full circle
weird meta I don't know what it was it
was just like there's my daughter and
I'm here in Toronto Jeff Koz is
officially in Toronto
everybody hi right here that's it
hey you've logged that right so people
want to see it your vlog was called
crazy Canadians alright okay okay I'll
put that as the mystery video today you
guys can go see it but you actually work
out that because you came the night
before yeah I was beat just because my
passport I went through this whole
passport Fiasco remember that had to
come like two days legs I couldn't get
my past Jerry Shea for a month and I'm
like you gotta get your password yeah
okay well is it one week to go and he's
like I read online you can get in 24 I'm
like don't do that did you don't it so
he didn't have his passport don't
procrastinate getting your passport
ladies and gentlemen you might not go
where you want to go so yeah I had to
come like a day or two later suck it all
worked it all worked out well worked out
all right so day four film in the
documentary things are going great
wait where's I scripts okay let's see
the pecan khonshu this is so good
coming what do you want I don't care I
do this Alaska fine I get out cuz hedgy
is means the end what you think
did I do okay editing I love s western
music you like the music
so princess hard made that all by
herself yesterday alright so here is our
frame for mommy Todd looking hot give us
the non-psychotic smile I think you look
pretty alright you ready
this is the other thing you look
beautiful
alright let's roll it okay quiet on the
set roll camera
hold on my ad assistant director son
tard what do you think
do you have any notes you like it okay
he feels good good continue are you
happy he's happy your wrists hurt you
belong too many video games I think so
now I would like to present to you a
princess chart production
mom what can i play with your old guitar
sure don't break it
okay okay thank you bye bye
three hours later three more hours later
go get some ice cream out of the fridge
I hope I box because I did honey come
here
honey come here whoa we're gonna go she
started yet some things okay on the
issue tarnish toffee ice cream one
dollar only oh yay chocolate ice cream
for one dollar only this ice cream is
really cheap okay honey you read your
things I'm gonna have some chocolate ice
cream it's really good okay I'm gonna
put the rest of my chocolate ice cream
in my refrigerator coffee and I remember
one may broke up the first time slaves
that I had enough kind of like we
haven't when you set you mean in its
face
what then you come around again no
change trust me remember how that last
for a day as I hate you we break up call
me I love you call me on the phone last
night
this time so then you will tell me I
never ever ever getting back together we
are never ever getting back together you
go talk to your friend stop muffin talk
to me I never ever getting back together
what was that a pause sing the Taylor
Swift song you're singing before that
one once upon a time a Fitness has had
to go I was in the science you love me a
little you found me you found me you saw
me
I guess you didn't care and I guess your
life that I'm when Missal pav took a
step back as long as you're gone and his
next two missing centers realize the
blame is on me
hey I knew you were trouble you want
never Day sunlight and the cold hard
ground Oh Oh trouble trouble trouble Oh
Oh trouble travel travel it's Friday
night we're gonna get some dinner
cuz daddy's hungry and I'm gonna get
thinner so I'm not gonna get a
cheeseburger I'm not gonna get a
cheeseburger I'll probably get a sound
that it will not be as fun oh so good
Rock turning and filling the Taylor
Swift montage he wants everybody to
silence their mouth with this
alright weird dinner what are you
getting cheeky Bruno I delicious what
are we getting what are you getting
sounds delicious what are you getting
okay sounds what'd he get I'm sorry
sounds delicious what are you getting
don't touch me dad I'm gonna 3
vegetarian tacos giddy up on that pony
Radames Danny wag oh that looks like
you're gonna get hurt easy hey who's
that hotness over there you eating
frozen yogurt
that little mr. stuntman here at the
yogurt store who thinks he has to jump
off of everything
hop hop hop hop hop singing Adele
serenade rock card as he jumps off of
every apparatus within the structure
come over here oh don't get on the table
oh my girlfriend just showed up me and
Sun tarde got a sugar-free strawberry
frozen yogurt it's pretty good
it's a NutraSweet and then center also
got some strawberries and mangoes
honeydew melon strawberries and mangoes
what did you get I got everyone's don't
be bearish for me like some rock legs a
gummy bear man I don't like that why
you're jumping up and down like that
alright go hurry
sundar take your sister show more show
her where it is thank you
now listen pony I'm the dominant male in
this of relationship so you'll listen to
me oh I'm gonna go with my brother or
sister see ya hey guys it for me so it's
Friday night we just got done eating
some dinner and we grabbed a frozen
yogurt real quick and I think we're
gonna go home and watch a movie on
demand on our TV at home how much friend
we have to have ever tried it I try to
like maximize all the fun that's
possible to be had every Friday you know
I'm saying cuz I want to get lost in
that rock and roll and then just drift
away you know I'm saying you don't you
ever wanna do that just give me the beat
boys
my soul I want to get lost in a
rock-and-roll and then just drift away
drift away yeah I hope you drift away
into the land of happiness every time
you watch it sums up my Shaytards vlog
thanks for joining us everybody it's
quite the pleasure to have you here
check out yesterday's vlog what were the
Shaytards do on one year ago I don't
know how would I find out well there's
the little button you get click on what
not to hear how about three years no I
want to know what the Shaytards are
doing on this day exactly four years ago
well ladies and gentlemen I'll tell you
what you just got a click on a number
four right there it's right there it's
really simple and if you want to see
that vlog that me and Korey were talking
about the gathering is kind of a mixed
up vlog I'll put it in the I'm feeling
lucky you can go back that Toronto
gathering was insane I remember when I
walked into Dundas Square and there was
like like hundreds of people and I felt
like the Beatles it was insane like all
those people and we had a blast we hung
out for like three or four hours also
announcement I am leaving today Saturday
I'm going to get into awesome Texas late
tonight to go to South by Southwest I
will be on a panel tomorrow morning
Sunday at 11 if any of your gonna be at
South by Southwest come check me out on
a panel at 11 o'clock I think it's at
the convention center just check out
your South by Southwest
you know itinerary and you can come see
us we'll be there at 11 all right we
love you guys we'll see you tomorrow for
one take Sunday kisses good meters give
me
