you are not watching the shaitaan
just sit back relax follow along to the
thing Shay says to the things he does
for school family and just because it's
our baby girl he's Magan good morning
hey guys we're gonna do some yoga
together cuz that's what happens when
you're online do yoga yeah and when your
wife forces you to do this stupid weird
thing that's called yoga force you to do
it alright so let's see what this is all
about you do some things that was fine
alright here we go this is only have I
ever done yoga we did once weird dating
remember that oh my gosh I do literally
the only ever time we ever did this is
when we were dating I did it with her
ago that I wanted to like me so I'll do
this crazy thing and I was like this is
dumb but it was it's a good workout so
here we go we go Yoga mess ready I can't
do that you're going to butts hanging
out what's going on there I can do that
okay I'm gonna do that here we go it's
your motivation I just hold it no now
you go back to Child's Pose
Child's Foshay Joe look that's downward
dog yeah yeah Bobby's big it's not easy
to find my inner chakra chakras being
the take you're so helpful
guys I'm trying to do yoga yoga with
puppies and babies without hands oh hey
Sun Salutation know what Zeo has never
had a
oh we just stepped on your face punch
the face pop undo it doing it good job
babe it looks exactly like what she's
doing doing yoga and yeah
yeah yep you look lean and mean oh good
hey Brock card can you do this can you
do Sun Salutations after I do the Sun
Salutations watch like this is he do
that yeah says iron men don't do Sun
Salutations he's really trying guys we
committed to 10 minutes we made it five
minutes before they jumped on Rock turn
get on come on should I do yoga with you
on with that get on you got a hold on
tight though it's gonna be like a broke
bucking bronco that's rockin broke oh
you're not gonna make more when you're
me remember boys camp okay
stop work let's do a word Z tarsal let's
do upward rock tardes Akhil ready oh
good job
okay
Oasis gambling that makes it life that
makes it life better
yep words fun we're doing we're all
doing yoga here
family yoga time listen wait okay
go be a do babe okay ready we'll do 15
push-ups get on ready got turn count
ideal inform EK they count the push-up
you count them here we go one two three
here we go kind of water nine ten ten
eleven good count this is good
thirteen thirteen what's next fourteen
never yo-yo 18 18 19 20 yeah oh my gosh
that was the cutest thing ever or I
don't have off oh my goodness yeah he
just climbed back there haha jealous wha
oh well never mind never mind what
worked when Italy just land on my back
if you did see dirty daddy
you know Robert Ozzy oh so funny he got
him doing he thought I want to do that
look he's getting on get on that he's
got Z tumor but sniff it is by that's
gross
butter he's never ever you know get on
Eddie
here we go come on yellow is he okay
bring his chart show us your outfit
but let's see it wait stop boobs she's
wearing brown today because she did ask
it in school now tell us about your skit
what I got a minute today oh you're
doing it today I know but I mean but you
did your chocolate ice cream in your
skin
right I know liked it on Friday I'm not
asking that I'm just asking you for a
skit that you're going to be doing in
school
you are chocolate ice cream and this is
going to be your outfit yes
okay that's simplified it's so adorable
you're the best chocolate ice cream in
the world
it's beautiful either way what are you
doing we're taking your clothes off
we're still at school oh you're gonna
put it over okay you put it on and show
us let's go eat lunch before I go to
your parent teacher conferences we have
parent-teacher conferences today I was
lucky enough to get all three
appointments in a row hopefully the kids
are doing good which one do you think
will be doing the best that is the I can
shoot down with everything look hold on
we guys what do you make of your
sandwich this is their school lunch and
look how many slices of cheese is on
this there's one two three four four
cheese slices on the sandwich bekata
change a lot of papist cow stuff huh
but she's so happy and princess charity
do you know what are you having teriyaki
chicken with your brother sitting right
here
okay get your seatbelts on you guys that
was sort of painful your teachers said
that you guys are all the worst students
in the class and you don't ever do your
work and your mom and dad are super
weird
they never I guess joking they said that
you're all doing wonderful and I'm so
proud of you guys I love para teacher
conference when things are going well
right have you ever had a parent-teacher
conference parents out there where
you're like oh man I've had a couple but
not this year they've done really well
this year so my job you guys yeah in the
past they're like wait a second right
now we got to go tell Dad about what
awful kids you are oh man
get ready for it son guard your sister
beat you up or something no I know the
closer way it's gone down a ton can you
guys see that bruise oh I guess you tell
us what happened okay so he was laughing
so hard anyway I asked him to tell him I
was playing you know with print just
rock while we were in my parent-teacher
conference and I was laughing so hard
because like she kept putting cards down
cuz like she kept chatting like you
switched back okay and I was just
laughing so hard that I hit like on your
head more chair yeah what to get for
being funny having after all the times
what are you doing let's put on some
Calvin more music yo yo
alright st I love trying more music
let's listen there she goes sing it
Khalid say what you will
you're anything but delicate Cheers
wallop man me my ears won't pretend and
I hear what I have always done wrong so
baby say what
we should sing at Hoss
you could sing this song you all want to
sing with me you want to go for real so
you guys want to like learn a song and
we can sing it together baby tard can't
see some in your mouth get it out well
can we mom um I don't know why should I
think that we should laughter I go home
into my own room
can we start doing it well we actually
are filming documentary stuff today but
we need to start practicing together so
we can more maybe tarde I know you don't
want to suck your thumb in front of me
stop we're best friends it's time for
besties come on
besties don't suck thumb so now we're
headed home we're gonna film some stuff
at the documentary thank you appreciate
it as the best deal in all of Los
Angeles three bags look at these hold
pick one up babe pick one up like that
seven bucks for that whole bag I got
three bags turn it sideways so I can see
the length of that oranges yeah man
that's a citrus overkill
seven bucks for that whole bag
twenty-one bucks this lady she's made my
day thank you love you bye
she's like why are you filming me that's
weird that's cool we just saw these
orders on the side of the road what a
steal alright so we just dropped the
kids off at Casey and Kaylie's they're
gonna watch him for us and we're headed
to maker studios to make a video with
the Gregory Brothers I'm excited you
guys know the Gregory Brothers and Eric
and Sarah the sister the wife she she's
the wife of Evan but anyways they song
if I the news or you might notice
auto-tune the news those guys hilarious
talented musically and comically they
wrote a sketch that we're gonna go shoot
with them right now so I'm excited and
we're gonna have some oranges I know and
we're exporting the vlog right now the
vlog yesterday where we announce that
we're only gonna do one more year I'm
exporting right now we're gonna upload
it at maker exporting oranges and
peeling videos ha ha ha ha
right she's getting love you're here for
very special shoes sorry another go at a
cure with my wife when my daughters do
it I love it what talking about toilet
lighting I haven't painted my toenails I
did trim them today you have it no you
haven't invited me to go to pedicure
well we should do that
I'm having it why to me we're getting
ready screw issue with the Gregory
Brothers Sarah I can't just call me
Larry Brothers once here is a shoe she's
the most important one right that's a
wrap we just finished with Evan and
Sarah it's gonna be hilarious something
there's me some good tips tips and quick
tips tricks and quips more quips
hopefully than tricks quips that's a
funny joke
that funny joke Evans Evan wrote a lot
of funny quips in this heat ups it's
equipped like it's a good joke right
anyways check it out it'll be up and I
should have told you guys send you my
grands live line with that video gonna
be out it'll be up in a few weeks
there's the other half of the Gregory
Bros yet that these it is the talented
two right over here we're just kidding
oh wait I just wrapped it was really
funny and it'll be up in a couple weeks
there's have to wait to wait and see go
subscribe to the Gregory Brothers in the
meantime I'm Sarah hi guys oh my
yeah hey Doc hey my lesson bed today he
did man I have been reading all your
guys's comments from yesterday's vlog
and now I feel sad I feel like crying
there's already 10,000 comments on
yesterday's vlog where we announce that
it was our last year of vlogging but
don't worry you guys we're still gonna
be here for you baby tard Tom don't
worry
don't wait say don't be sad don't be
sick say don't cry cuz it's ending smile
because it happened
don't can be any joy because it's that's
what dr. Seuss said that's a dr. Seuss
line also you guys if you check out that
four years ago button it's crazy to go
back and see so view today for instance
if you click on the four years ago
button that is the third daily vlog that
we've ever made and it's hilarious to go
back and watch us back in those days
because we had no idea what we're doing
if you clicked on the four year ago
button yesterday you see you can kind of
see it there's this little moment my
face where I realize like what did I
commit to doing this every day like what
am I supposed to film so then I resort
to throwing bottles at son tard because
I had no idea what to film it's
hilarious go back and check those out
and then also if you guys didn't hear
there's four year anniversary Shaytards
shirts that are available for this month
only the other three year anniversary
ones they sold out really quick so we
are gonna make sure that the shaitaan
four-year anniversary shirts will be
available for all of the month of March
but as soon as March is over they will
go offline forever so if you want to get
one now is the time to do pull the
trigger on it alright don't forget to
check out yesterday's vlog we had a big
announcement if you're feeling lucky
click on the feelin lucky button and see
what we're doing one two three or four
years ago right there in the middle love
you guys see em ro
