I sit down and my computer is in but you
have done so far today it's just nice
see reality it's just a cool family be
good to each other
I'm so tired
the people
the people
but your beard is awesome and your kids
are awesome
and your wife is hot
Oh shame
you've become an adjective of your own
it means something between extra-large
and awesome dude check out the Shaista
pretzel boo I'm so tired
it's out of the
you're a regular guy but you try to be
something
oh say
in here girls
hey girls do you want to help me
decorate for daddy's birthday you want
to help me decorate stripped princess
hard do you want to help me separate yes
let's decorate I figured we'd start here
because I have balloons that we have to
blow up and that gets kind of loud
sometimes I don't know I'm allowed
balloon blower-upper are you guys stay
in here and start getting ready and then
want to start taping stuff up it's not
going to be like anything extravagant
just sponge crepe paper and balloons and
a happy birthday sign I'm excited let's
get move with girls I'm gonna wake up
Center and see if he wants to play this
game too
what are you doing that's not playing
that it's not working so I bought this
balloon pump but it's not working very
well either it in but it goes right back
out so you have to like be special it's
not working that's better right it'll
work you know what it'll do that'll do
donkey okay so far this is I've got and
we've got the crew here
oh he's got the documentary crew here
cuz we're gonna be filming like a baby
turns she is dreams like a true art she
has to make both streamers even with
each other
good job baby turns it's okay right this
is what we have so far
I got a drapery over the door we got
points over there and Princess started
still trying to pull up the balloon of
the stupid pump that doesn't do anything
the dumbest bump I've ever seen and
here's the picture
step round it it's just about time to
get ready for school and these kids look
like they're ready to go back to bed are
you ready to go back to bed
happy birthday daddy daddy I hope you
wake up you hope he wakes up well of
course she's gonna wake up eventually
for protection we are really utilized
yes sir today okay closer to the wall
trying to get the streamers just right
so the dad will be super super impressed
when he wakes up do you think I'll be
super noisy right here do you think
he'll be super whatever you're gonna
take whatever when do you think you'll
be excited yeah I guess so he better be
a we're gonna have to smack his face huh
babe just be excited just pretend like
you're excited if you're not okay
hey rock card what do you think God
wants for his birthday today
what do you think I'd want my birthday
does he want fruit no no no don't go
running over there okay if I park stay
over here we're getting some fruit for
dad because it's his birthday and he
deserves them I asked for Akhtar why he
thinks we should get dad for his
birthday was daddy push up daddy push up
so people go but he wants to get daddy a
push up her birthday or something rocked
her wish we get daddy first birthdays
do you think he wants a blue Krait I
don't think he wants Oh
all right dude so Rockford and I just
went to the store to buy shampoo Earth
Day present I got him into Sur he's had
a couple juicers in the past but the one
that we liked the most was the Jack
LaLanne juicer because it takes a lot of
juice out the pulp after you get all the
juice out of the fruit is usually like
the driest out of all the juicers we've
had so I got him one of those I hope he
likes it I don't know if he's gonna like
it but I'm gonna make him some really
awesome juice from it and then he'll
like but he has mentioned that he does
want to choose her again I tried to find
that the Us Weekly that he was in and
this was the latest one that was out and
he's not in this one so I'm like dang it
I forget that its weekly so I should
have been on ball on the ball like three
weeks ago so do you guys know how to
obtain old like magazines out of dated
magazines I don't know I'd have to go
home and google it because I'm like oh
man why don't we get right when it was
out I want to do it I think we're gonna
do the video diary are you ready
really cool oh my goodness I can't stop
I can't believe that it's been that long
and just to watch that video and he's
like I think we're gonna do it what are
you crying
are you there's no crying in vlogging
there is sometimes actually is a we you
watch that first day remember that first
day like I think we're gonna do I'm like
II I you think four years later we're
back and tell us we're where we are
today
I'll tow it whatever and that was still
enough how good-looking the sure the mom
got me for you do I mean do I look good
that was so cute you look amazing and
it's really soft
actually come here come here let me
touch your pet no you're crying okay no
I'm crying that's a film I passed out a
water birthday run on the beach by
myself and over my thoughts think about
my life where I've been where I've come
wherever going where I'm going just like
have that sheight I'm just me the
Pacific Ocean
see you go through che time che Carlos
the whole truck my drive it to the coast
to the edge of the world
her shoes all run in the sand just you
know spend some time with me LS che time
my famous a yeah because he's not
having sugar so we're gonna bake him and
what are we gonna make it again
oh yeah a banana bread sure snap it's
cold out I'm good a sweater oh I know
your birthday road oh man like you're
running for days man ruling and do with
them as I please she walks away
hi guys we're just right now I'm just
today's March 1st for thin sorry can't
get my words right and we're just
getting my dad's presents right that's
cuz you're hoping and those big giant
pressin woo me and baby try to works
very very hard on some and I want to
show you what we worked hard so hard
that it was so beautiful now look at
this it's in a doorway so when you go
through its like this
see isn't it fun is it fun it's super
fun
happy birthday happy birthday I wasn't
me any feeling one girlfriend oh I'm
drew are you making a good wish you had
to make girls I really thought it out
it's a sugar-free banana bread that
Collette made I was actually going to
film like a tutorial of how I made it
but it was literally a project because I
looked at a bunch of different recipes
and they didn't look good so I made this
one up but it's actually good right it
was I loved it I had a little piece
already look I was so hungry off and
doing my run but I put a little honey on
the piece and it was most delicious but
I'm gonna modify it a little bit and
then I will let you guys know anyway no
you could put like raisins in it or
something oh well I put a little on top
too to add a little kick little natural
sugar kick yeah I'm having because I'm
sugar it's natural yeah we're about to
dinner now ow
Vicki oh you're grounded and then we
went out to dinner and a movie and I
filmed a lot of cool stuff and I lost my
camera it's so frustrating you guys
mommy tard filmed me opening all my
presents and then we went to the movies
we went and saw snitch with Dwayne the
rock Johnson dude that guy is a manly
stud muffin if there's any manly stud
muffin out there it's him plus I had
another clip of yesterday of after I
went running on my run you guys we just
talked about that I'm not here was he
and rocked hard and I left my camera in
the movie theaters and I went back today
and it was gone anyways so yesterday's
birthday vlog which is today which is
this vlog that you're watching right now
it's the six but I'm recording it like
it's the fifth so let's have that
conversation rocked or no hitting oh
you're all tied up dude you're all tied
up get out of it you got to fight gotta
fight to get out of that no hitting
get up get untied dude you gotta get
dude I got two puppies I got two puppies
on a leash you Oh puppies and babies
puppies and babies all right you guys
already have this conversation let's
have this conversation so man I'm
nervous I'm nervous for this
conversation to you guys I know you guys
a lot have you been tweeting me and
commenting saying like oh no what's this
conversation we're gonna have I'm just
gonna come out and say him and then
we'll talk about the reasons this year
this is day one of year five the 1,500th
shaitaan my channel this is going to be
the last year of the daily vlogs and I'm
not joking I'm not just saying that to
be crazy old che but this is it this is
going to be the last 365 consecutive
vlogs that we do put a lot of thought
into it honestly I even was gonna quit
after the four year Colette and I have
we've talked about this for years you
know the after the first year when it
was like that was the initial you know
commitment that I said when I turned 29
that I'm gonna make a video every single
day for my 20s and we did it and it came
to the end of that year and it was like
everybody was so excited and our
audience grew so much like way bigger
than I ever expected you know when I
first started doing these we had like
10,000 viewers and then it just grew and
grew and so at the end of the first year
it was like let's do another year like
why not why not keep going and now it's
turned into four years like blink your
eyes twice in your life flies by here we
are at the end of year four day one of
year five and it's like how long are we
gonna do this me and Colette asked
ourselves that question consi like how
long can we make a video of our life
every single day so we've decided that
this is going to be the last year now
don't freak out chill I know some of you
are hyperventilating right now
hyperventilating right now rock dard get
over here it's gonna be okay because I
promise that we will still be online now
when I
say that this is the last year of
everyday vlogging I don't mean that the
Shaytards are gonna end after this next
year what we'll probably do is go to
like maybe a three day a week schedule
or like a five day a week schedule the
documentary is a big part of it we were
going to stop at year four I was just
kind of like telling Colette I'm like
let's just go to a Monday through Friday
schedule it won't be as stressful we'll
kind of have the weekends off and then
it was like we came up with this idea to
do this documentary and then I thought
well I have to one I want to just say
I've logged every day for five years I
want to have that like five year I did a
nickel up in South Side that's from that
movie snitch last night with joy and the
rock Johnson so handsome anyways so I
told Colet I said let's do one more year
and let's vlog the entire process of us
doing this documentary making this film
and getting it out there and like the
whole process of marketing it and going
into theaters and rock tower throwing
grass everywhere while Zeke chases oom
and so that's what we decided we said
we'll do one more year of daily vlogs
every single day and then after that
well think about it you know what I'm
gonna do right now and I was telling
Colette this yesterday on my birthday
next year when I turned 34 and we hit
that five-year vlogging I am gonna take
a one-month vacation from the internet
I've been on the internet every single
day for the last like six years and I
need like some time away from it isn't
it funny that I'm like excited for a
year in the down the road when I can
just not be on the internet and I was
telling Casey that last night and he's
like Yeah right he said I'll make a
gentleman's wager that you cannot do
that he doesn't think that I can't not
tweet pictures and stuff one more year
of this crazy journey of you guys coming
into our lives for this little box and I
hold in my hand at the end of it I'm
gonna take a month vacation and just D
internet myself for one month and then
we'll switch to like a three day a week
or a five day week you're not gonna get
rid of us don't think the Shaytards are
going anywhere are you kidding me you
know me I got to vlog everything but we
definitely are not going to do the daily
vlogs after this year maybe we'll go to
a Monday through Friday schedule I don't
know things can change by then but I
want to start working on other projects
that just takes up a lot of my time and
I don't want to go back to having an
editor I really enjoy doing this myself
having that connection with you guys and
being able to edit myself it makes a big
difference to me that's it that's the
conversation it's not too scary right
how this arms getting tired so this is
it you guys we head
sixty-five days and then the Shaytards
vlogs will be over but I am excited for
this next year a lot is gonna happen
maybe I'll get Colette pregnant maybe
I'll see if she'll make out with me I'll
go like get some sexy g-string underwear
maybe she likes that like some leopard
print I don't know maybe I'll see if she
let me that's weird I don't know maybe
we'll have one we have to have five
babies one for each year of the vlogs
right maybe collect should be here for
this conversation and this documentary
man we're gonna be doing this movie the
documentary crew is here oh wait there
they are
whoa there's people here that's right
there's people here filming right now
and you guys are part of this process
we're gonna be sending out weekly
newsletters to everybody we already have
we've sent out a couple to everybody who
donated and I'm gonna be vlogging it
because we're gonna go into playlist
live and a couple weeks we're gonna be
hanging out at Charles and Ally's and
we're gonna go up to New Jersey and hang
out with a prank vs. prank and so you
guys are gonna be here for the whole
thing we're gonna be on a huge road trip
and you guys are kind of like part of
this process and part of this team and
I'm excited you guys excited they're
excited they're excited Rock card are
you excited have you demolished all the
greenery we're gonna get a freakin
gardening fee look at this we call that
grass over there
he's like picking all the grass and
going and throwing it at that tree and
Zeke's following him don't encourage him
Ezekiel I love you guys and I thank you
so much for being here for this whole
time and this is it one last year of the
Shaytards log's
love you bye you're the Sun blue faces
one by one we wanna thank you no matter
our child make it a spa
you're the right in the bed and then
we'll run to the end of the miles making
a smile no matter the situation heart
that's headed for breaking static in all
the stations or lack conversation where
we can come play things day by day by
day you're the Sun in blue faces one by
one we wanna thank you no matter a child
you making a spy
