hi I'm logging here for the last four
years how was school
great don't fall it was great what made
it so great that's dirty hold on better
what chicken butt I have to do another
homework that's fun it's a project into
a Q&A we have to ask whether it's the
project eat its trap for the leprechaun
for the leprechaun yes yeah or Marcus
coming up on trap there's a pot of gold
at the end of that day rainbows out of a
leprechaun stout my there's a pot of
gold on target you talk to your teacher
about who stoled your baseball
basketball cards yeah then I don√≠t
really matter why well cuz I'm not gonna
be able to take them with me up there so
you're just kind of saying goodbye to
him good point yeah but I still got a
little bit I got nine signs dude I'm
gonna tell you something right now that
is the best attitude to have because you
know what they're just material
possessions and at the end of the day if
you freaked out about losing a few
things that are just material
possessions and what's your life really
worth because all you're worrying about
in life is trying to get more material
possessions whatever it is where it's
basketball cards money fame video games
doesn't matter that's what's really
important chocolate you say chocolate
game to my weight but I still I want to
investigate a little bit just not
because I'm worried about the basketball
cards but cuz I want to beat up the kid
who's told them what if your teachers
say what did you tell her baby thar you
were next I'm talking his son tard
shut your mouth she told the whole class
but um everyone was like he's never
story so she announced it in the class
yeah
what did you say to her I said to the
teacher that somebody stole some
basketball cards on my backpack and she
stalked I was fine I thought she was
gonna be like what first of all your
knots about that best about cards and
scale saw your teacher talks no so what
did she say she said that was fine so
then she told the whole class and they
all said
they did so she made an announcement in
class and asked if anybody stole them of
course nobody's gonna be like okay you
caught me
did she say anything like I'm gonna turn
off all the lights everyone put their
heads down and close your eyes
and if you stole the cards come place
them on my desk and nobody will judge
you or accuse you or beat you up not
like that
what did she say she did like like the
cameras right there she's like did you
steal him and they're like nope so she
got into everyone's face or just one
specific kid no well she didn't get in
the face like this is the kid and this
is her and then she just asked all of
them individually so she looked into
their eyes mm-hmm oh so she like took
the time to look at each kid
individually yeah really so she was
trying to read their line or not so what
did she say afterwards she said
well-known stolen I hope you don't bring
him in class I say okay mmm so did you
really eat your basketball card stolen
yeah but there wasn't that class so I
think somebody came while your class was
out at recess and just came in your
class and stolen not my class we have
like a closet outside we put backpacks
in there so they look so anybody in the
school has access to it so it could have
been anybody at the school mm-hmm
probably one of those Dinks six graders
I bet you have fifth graders oh yeah
they go to middle school
all right baby batard what's up bro have
anything during penny piece dude three
four five good job now okay my eyes are
closed
close your eyes eyes okay our eyes are
closed Noah baby turd that's
inappropriate
who taught you how to flip the bird
that's inappropriate these are the times
where I'm not a very good father makes
me laugh and I shouldn't have I should
be like that's really sure
that okay hang loose dude Pingtung I
can't be a good dad all the time
sometimes I have to laugh at silly
things that's it all right let's go home
get it dude what did that pesky little
Roche you think that's annoying okay
time to stop it's like a balloon okay
calm down if you have a notice it hasn't
moved since you touched it so calm down
hey I'm trying to do my makeup and
records on the other we're gonna have to
hide all the boy need or three see
ta ta
good job this is my dad and Mindy song
cowboy sweetheart and it's one of the
girls favorites because didn't hear it
already my dad actually played on his
channel I'll have to show you the link
show you the think I would show you the
pink what a crazy day today is the day
that marks the days of days and days
mates for you guys it is the day for me
today before the day Shay's birthday and
four years of vlogging crazy I don't
even I don't even know my mind is just
like whoa whoa whoa it's like a flash of
lightning before my eyes you know what I
mean like it's happened so fast but of
course anything in retrospect it seems
to be much faster somebody's hiding you
don't know what's going on well there's
some clothes but there's no little girl
attached or whatever it's so sneaky
Oh yourself alert you're a witch is that
what witches do they hide and then they
throw their clothes yeah so so we're
siding siding we stand inside you zip
locks and so excited I get dog you're
starting the five years of vlogs I come
spend four years already can you be cool
if you have watched for four years I
want to know that would you have watched
for four years and who has come in like
in the middle and when did you come in
what has changed
I mean I look back at the old videos I'm
like oh my gosh that was so long ago I
can't believe it baby chard was tiny and
then rock towers of course was born and
now he's 2 and he's crazy he's almost 3
it's almost 3 actually it's an awesome
time I feeling great I'm feeling good
let's go by maybe dark where's she go
where does she go we need heard you left
me right in the middle of the question I
was gonna ask you do you know what
happens tomorrow hi a pizza party
Josie's birthday is tomorrow you know
whose birthday is tomorrow right you
don't know it's your father's birthday
design not listening what it's not going
to be fun why decorate the house what oh
well maybe we do maybe we don't but your
dad your dad edits these so I'm not
going to tell you if we have anything or
not just don't get it okay you're just
gonna have to wait like everybody else I
mean you're gonna see this before
everybody else so you might
yeah do you know how long we've been
making videos on YouTube
e-baby tard I realized I'm messing
around is really important but I'm
asking you a question
do you know how long we've been doing
take a guess take a guess 400,000
minutes or days or 100,000 a 400,000
days guys oh it's great oh my G the Bell
you're crazy I love you crazy girl
we'll get out okay we're playing catch
and pass this fast you can catch it the
drill scratch can go go go go catch
throw catch throw throw throw throw
catch throw catch throw oh you said the
camera catch throw catch throw catch
throw catch throw catch them all up
catch throw throw this craziness we have
macaroni and cheese everywhere what
happened rocked hard what happened we
had a little incident
whatever dad it's normal here rolling
action making a movie what are you guys
laughing at the Sun Goddess is up there
I've just released the light can you
tell the difference in here man this is
way better it feels like the sun is
shining in our apartment corey vidal the
timur here and we are shooting it is
nighttime it's like 8 o'clock at night
there's Rihanna check out a new hit
single on VEVO now
there's zekiel I called him malachite
twice today I keep calling him Kai that
even realized I said telling Claire like
hey Kai blah blah blah she's like
you realize you just call him Kai I'm
like ah hi
he's Zeke rock cards over here making a
chocolate cake he's mixing up the batter
as we speak kind of mix those eggs in
there any Spartan and Mommy tardes
getting baby tired of snack all right
hey look what just showed up kids come
here baby charcoal eat your siblings
tell them to get in here we have a
special package that we're opening right
now excited to see these you guys go I
see your shirts
wanna see him in real life guitar master
all right open them up check them out
and I want you guys to go put them on
and then bring them out here and and
show audition them for us
let's do a runway Oh head butt head butt
fashion show okay go put it on let's see
these um
hey wait did you get the right one you
got the pink one oh okay rocker that
one's yours
dude go put it on long part where's
yours at I'm gonna go put mine on here
babe go put yours on okay you guys these
are actually live right now you can go
get them on Rodeo arcade these are our
four year anniversary Shaytards
it's a little big for him hard look at
that that's huge went one shoe if you
like it that's you dude you're so cute
looking what size is that I think that's
an extra small/small yeah look at him
he's gonna go check out the merry I'll
get him I'll get him what do you think
you look handsome look in the mirror
dude are you hiding from Hazuki oh okay
this guy's shows got to begin you ready
yep actually
merchandise bro another the retard
skills today chart up to here's the
whole family one just like it
I like your blue shirt Colette I really
like the blue shirt on there oh yeah
we're Zeke's I don't think it's Adele
rock cards as worthless and they're like
kind of all the colors in the okay let's
see them ladies so these are American
Apparel shirts
extra swell clit what size is yours Oh
class is small you need adapt right
extra small I want to see you our
princess cards let's see princess card
you like it but see your shirts bro
games quit walking like an Egyptian show
me your shirt let's see would you hope
still two seconds do you like it she's
jumping I love it I love it
baby tar let's see yours I love the pink
let me see it hey hold on
let me hear that sicko just let me know
that tickles
that's such a baritone voice let's see
you're centered nice ears got his
football I love it
one of that good C so cute your shoes
are precious I love the little face -
let me see uh you're beautiful now see
see that to the actual thing you can you
want to okay
I'm gurus that night and when I wake up
I don't even have to get dressed
well there you go let's see here yeah
that's cute we did take you guys as
advice because before the letters were
covered up by the image and we change
that that was your guys advice here's
mine
you guys think this is a large American
Apparel there's me Lexington I think I
need medium yeah you need a little bit
bigger one I like it I like the
distressed look on and they're really
comfortable they're very soft yes they
spot me so the new lighting is so cool
and now it's so
that's like a sepia tone like it's all
room I'm a cutter now yeah don't we add
a really dark Instagram filter yeah
it's called depression yeah so this
slide they had makes a huge difference
fighting is really really important it
makes a big deal and that is a wrap on
four years of daily Shaytards logged
it's been great it's been fun and we'll
see you guys never we're quitting the
box
oh snap that is not nice alright so I
said we're gonna have a frank discussion
we're gonna chat I'm actually gonna do
it tomorrow tomorrow we'll just say this
tomorrow is day one of year five and
we're gonna sit down and have a chat
tomorrow but today is my birthday I'm
just gonna enjoy it thank you guys so
much for supporting us over the last
four years oh what's that
check out the new end slate there's a
four year button you want to know what
the Shaytards were doing exactly four
years ago today once you go click on
number four and you can see three years
two years one year I mean the last four
years of our life's documented it's all
right here on the wwm YouTube /
Shaytards you know you know where you're
at right please subscribe and thumbs up
and you guys I can't even begin to say
how much we're grateful and thankful for
all of you who have supported us thumbs
up 5 star remember back in those days
commented and been a part of this entire
journey looking back on all the montages
and the memories it's a sweet sweet
blissful life that we've had I'm so
grateful to have been a part of it and
for all of you guys that have been with
us on this journey it's going to
continue but we'll talk tomorrow
about the future the future of our
family not only the six of us but of all
of you because we do we consider all of
you part of our family because you guys
have been here and supported us and we
just have grown with you guys as you
guys have grown so I love you and once
again I'll see you tomorrow
