you know I'm an old maid I'm cutting my
hair no you're not cutting your hair I
am proud of my boy Walt is all wrapped
oh yeah that is a lot hello good morning
- yeah how's that broth eyeing gawe to
die
stop it I'm gonna shave gonna clean it
up this beard man did you guys know that
when I started YouTube I wasn't a guy
with a beard I was just had randomly
grown a beard at the simultaneous same
time that I started making YouTube
videos and then it kind of just became
my thing so sometimes you got to be
careful with labels if you label
yourself a certain way like hey I'm a
dude with the beard all sudden woopsy
days you have a beard for the next ten
years
should we shave it do you guys know what
I look like without a beard anyways I'm
just gonna trim it up turn in white
there's white hairs in there okay no I'm
an old mine
I have never shaved using the vlog
camera as a mere whoa a first moment in
the vlogs with my beard I don't like I
don't think I've ever done this have I
anybody know I don't know if I've ever
actually used the viewfinder on the vlog
camera as a Mira Mira Mithra on the vlog
camera if I ever use the viewfinder to
shave my beard before okay
that's time once ok never I want to tell
us we're cutting go I'm gonna die if I
have dirty hands like turn this on hi
guys hey are you try than with your
shirt off yeah how are you guys you're
just watching more TV maybe we should
turn that down it's just inside because
there's a alert that maybe
yes yes we're staying in tonight because
you know when you live kind of in the
mountains there are sometimes mountain
lion cosmic rocks and Moses and things
like that but we've heard that there's a
mountain lion around in these parts so
we are just staying inside for Nick
until we hear further or otherwise well
you know mountain lions aren't
intentionally going to hurt us but if
we're out and about and we're far from
the house out in a bit and far from the
house then they might think her food so
we just got to stay close to the house
they're not going to come inside or do
anything like that
unless I'm cooking a turkey and they can
smell it hmm I didn't think of that
no anyways not to scare my kids yes
there's a mountain lion close so we're
just gonna stay close to the house hey
guys okay I'm just getting ready for the
day to take in a few more minutes cuz I
need to get some makeup on you know it's
always a question of like okay we've
long every day so a lot of people see us
every day so I feel like I need to put
makeup on but I don't necessarily put
Mike on but I feel like it hi come in do
I tell them what you're doing today I'm
cutting my hair no you're not cutting
your hair
okay Lee's kidding me get out of here
please I'm good right now your dad
already cut your hair and it looks
amazing but she wants to go to shorter
like like like showroom or short like
it's exciting I remember being young and
being like that oh I have to cut it off
and now I'm like I have to treasure
every second I have with my hair because
it's thinning your hair doesn't like I
guess I just appreciate my long hair a
little bit more than I used to but when
I was younger it was like oh I'm sick of
it I have to cut it so I come forward
again I show you my things as short as
your bangs
like right here are they pretty sure I
Nick that's exciting just hair okay but
how are you finished my makeup I'm
putting some blue einar einar and
putting some boom nine nine years on
okay nice O'Day's blue I get my language
from duck so you okay no okay I put the
blinders my gosh it's my eyes it's my
eye okay okay good night all right
it's Gavin's turn
you guys like my Swami I love it Evan
Evan here Oh like gonna get real in here
we're seriously cutting hair today
serious guys I like cut it right here
totally fine is that mom why I'm ready
it's easier to call when you got short
hair just saying I agree we wouldn't
have as many hair pulled me fights all
right are you gonna do what you gonna do
anything different just super cool as
always yeah as always
okay somebody just dropped a bomb on
this haircutting session what do you
want
I know I know some cats in the garage
that could how they find you a real one
is that what you want yeah sorry I kind
of like what a rat tail that's the
beginning of 100 years is so cool
yourself well naturally I you know I
wanted to say no but I decided you know
my dad was dead because I bet you he's
probably had one in his lifetime
and he said I'm proud with my boys rat
tail the only plant for you I'm proud of
my boy Walt it's all right all right
there you go rat tail it is oh you're so
him oh yeah
oh you're so handsome and we gotta rap
I'm gonna love it because every time
you're being naughty I'll just grab and
we'll say really am excited to cut your
hair shorter yeah I'm excited
it's gonna be fun really red she is
she's been begging you for two weeks
have you called Kaylee have you called
Kaylee have you called Kaylee oh so it's
time oh I mean sorry
I mean she's cool yeah school I mean
just whatever dude that's not like I
swore I there's a few times in the vlogs
where I've watched it back later and
like oh my gosh that sounded like I
swore and you said bugginess and look at
that yeah I don't swear up police on the
blogs I don't once a month
Wow there you go dad's on the car if I
like get nervous in the car like you
know somebody almost hits you or you
almost maybe I never almost said anybody
I never go back oh okay yeah I did once
ha ha ha never mind anyways that's the
only time I work out like time Shh guys
uh all the dirts coming out oh I swear
it I hit guards oh go get your hair cut
first cut coming right up and Kaylie's
actually gonna put a longer version of
this haircutting session on her channel
you don't have to see the rest of it
there but we get to see the first cut
can I start right here with a little
shorter when I'm going to start right
that's a lot off yeah that is a lot
that's like what 4 or 5 inches I'm not
good with inches like six inches six
inches
five inches yay I mean it's not gonna be
as good as the haircut your dad gave you
it'll be cool
well your dad was just so busy so we had
kept Kaylee to it instead like it best
but you know oh that's gonna be so cute
and you tell her if you want any shorter
like I don't care
yeah we'll start go for it girl shave it
off if you want
no any probably looks really good yeah
she does
Emmys fighting the good fight she wants
to get her hair cut when in case we let
her what's that from a vias hair maybe
your hair is everywhere what are you
doing oh she was putting in her hair are
you doing bangs what are you doing a
blue players oh I love layers can I get
some props on my new t-shirt case yeah I
was thinking scrubs on the whole outfit
guys hold on I can't hear your outfits
too out but I says a lot of words this
says I love this band do this these
workout shorts will I kick ass this
shirt it looks good okay enough about my
sweet outfit now I can go go ahead do it
please sit for my video dude
KC's gonna be funny for us my stop the
camera Daniel no I'm just right in the
face with a pair of peppers right dude
you hear about the mountain lion you
couldn't hear that do our neighbor just
texted us that there's 150 pound
mountain lion up behind up right around
this area there's reports of a mountain
lion Dorothy yeah shut the door shut the
door
I like a mountain lion in sorry little
mountain lion in your hands well you
know why he's coming in he's looking for
some food right there yeah we may be
right keep these kids in the house yeah
I just seriously got a text from our
neighbor saying up behind our house you
know like where we do that he'll
runs giant mountain lion have you see
there's like reports like the Fish and
Wildlife have been calling people in
this area yeah anyways maybe we won't do
it he'll run today gosh you'd have to
run you'll if there's a mountain lion
well you don't have to run that fast
just faster than the slowest person than
the next guy Amy if I mountain lion was
chasing the whole family who would be
the last who would get eaten he would be
a tasty little morsel no I'd be carrying
dachshund he'd be on my shoulders what
are you boys doing over here is our
shopping online likely story
oh hi Winston how are you doing dirty
face give me five
I love you Winston what's that behind
you what's that behind you behind you
look behind you what's that what is that
what's this what's this thing right here
can say elk maybe they saw Zeke and
thought he was the mountain lion
there's a giant physiques about hundred
fifty pounds and a full color oh I was
leaped upon me and Zeke to take a
mountain lion between the two of us I
guarantee you Zeke and I could take him
outline that's done deal right there
dude I have not even had a single slice
all day long what's today national
watermelon day and I haven't had any
even one single piece I don't why I
never invite a bull it's national water
no yeah oh there's hair and watermelon
juice or two favorite things
hey sorry happy national are going cut
Shea loose on an on a watermelon
unsupervised all right let's see you
turn around looks good you like it do
you approve you better say you do
because Kaylee's Center right behind you
Gavin did Gavin get a rat tail
gage you're a bad influence on your
cousin gage Casey do we have rat tails
we a huge rat tails
let's see turn around rat tail let me
grab that and rip it off alright see you
guys
thanks for the haircuts Kayleigh here
because because let's bake it
you're going to the Olympics you're
gonna be a swimmer
well we're dropping Gavin off at
football as it finally happened I think
your son is taller than you young lady
he is taller than you big football
player I find a football practice guys
look it's my mom
she's making Gavin to football practice
love you
w kiss my beard mom should I shave or
leave my beard what do you think they'd
hear it let you see guys
Duncan she's labeled me as a bearded man
I like it I think you should grow longer
like love good I want to grow my hair
out till Christmas can I grow it all out
one more time and I'll shave it maybe
you could grow down comin up here how
about you're losing your hair Jovan I'm
letting my hair just go to buzzword so I
want to grow it one more last time oh we
haven't got together
oh yeah look he governs her cut let's
see he has the beginnings of a ranch
house we're gonna forgive him for that
though right guys new tail
