one shoe he's at Timur ah baby baby
tongue looking cute always keeping it
crazy
princess card always knows how to ham it
up got a hair cut short got a glam it up
son Todd well he's got that swag
he's a reader and a rock star sorry Greg
Shane Katie black at the head of the
shaped our star family and friends that
are the cha every day I'm watching the
shade parts wash air watching the
Shaytards
for the Shaytards log an adventure every
day so come on
cards
for the shape arts law an adventure
every day so
hi guys we're just getting ready to go
to the beach right now we're gonna see
my cousin their Soyuz well we're gonna
see braylee there I bet you already seen
her before I think you have and we're
gonna go over there sorry and I'll film
at the beach so you'll see what we'll
doing um okay ladies and gentlemen let
me introduce you to the coolest guy yo
bro
hey the coolest dude I've ever met rock
hard rock hard what's up buddy
well rocker can spit in your mouth yeah
that hat is the coolest out I've ever
seen put it back on sometimes he doesn't
like the camera having lived in front of
the camera his entire life so maybe just
fill it like you know what god we just
spent a day as a family without the
freaking camera barging in on all of our
conversations we're gonna go to the
beach and then we're gonna go to the
movie you took Jackie the Giant Peach
and jacket a giant and you call it a
peach and the Giant Peach yes I can't
get my words right today thank you and
we'll see you at the beach as I told you
we're gonna share cousins centaur talked
to me about what it's like living with
the Shaytards
you have to film yourself all the day is
it sometimes annoying do you
eat it I don't hate it but someday
that's what we do as we hang out do you
feel like we don't hang out when we film
I don't think we just said that like
Justin Bieber are like twice husband
when you have like a hundred robots and
they like all help us with having this
big event and we have like everything
from the whole time wheel and answer Pez
Justin Bieber like liking me because I
have like these pretty dresses I was a
kid just about being having pretty
dresses and being saved by handsome
Prince's do they usually have Justin
Bieber in limited yes yes to be
presented he's your husband in this
dream fantasy world of yours and he
protects you from all the other boys who
think they're so pretty but they want to
date you but it's like he protects you
because yes so many pretty dresses that
like you're irresistible
what we don't get money from the bank we
put money into the bank we don't have
her borrow money from the bank right
no I meant I meant after all be like
like if we need some money that's in our
baby please like that son
after it's all get in there right
correct what do you do with that money
once you get it out of the bank like we
buy more stuff that we already have why
would you buy something you already have
you already have it why would you buy
more of it because um we have a hundred
robots and set our robots have to have
some - what do you buy for your hundred
robots robots clothes
oh it's her fantasy my bad sorry bro I
don't want to infringe on your fantasy
world I just do that that's so funny I
used to do the same thing I used to do
the same thing when I was little when I
couldn't go to sleep I would like
imagine what kind of beautiful dress I
would have on and then like this prince
would come it's a rolls-royce right
there that's like a two hundred thousand
dollar car the rolls-royce everybody
admire the road dude that's sweet
anyways babe are you saying about how
you dreamed about me when you're a
little girl wishing that I would come
along and sweep you off your feet that's
right I'm not exaggerating I'm serious
he is the coolest dude you'll ever meet
and he's right there I mean can you
believe that that you're seeing on this
day the very coolest dude you will ever
see or meet in your entire life it's
hard to believe for me even but you know
I just have to live with it every day so
I've kind of gotten used to it over time
just little by little you know it's like
a gradual process it's tough but I mean
you guys seen it here on this day it's
it's probably pretty shocking for you
and I understand you'll get used to it
though just give it time
hey but can you give everybody a hi
little shout-out go get him tiger
and slow bird all right it's a karate
kid off you guys have to fight to the
death on the pier balance beam case just
getting ready to give him a swift kick
to the head
that's the karate kid good job gage
how'd you know that you watching some
Karate Kid lately amazing fathers Oh mom
come on you're ruining the fun - hi he
falls that way it's just sand he'll be
fine
Karate Kid going on here is this a
ballet lesson safley do your Circle
Circle
ow all right hi dude you guys tomorrow
is my 33rd birthday
it has snuck up on me boy I tell you
what like a little creeper in the night
it's here already and I can't believe it
four years of everyday vlogging tomorrow
day one of year five corey vidal and the
crew are here we had a podcast today
some of you joined us for the live show
thanks for coming
we had the gregory brothers on but uh
man I'm really feeling nostalgic and
we'll talk about that more tomorrow
we're gonna have a DTR tomorrow remember
that determine the relationship a frank
discussion I don't know I want to talk
to us about some things anyways we'll
talk tomorrow
and I appreciate everybody who's been
along for the ride it's been crazy and
thank you thank you thank you to those
of you who have made montages I've been
watching them and I'm probably gonna
upload some of them tomorrow to the
channel so if you've made a four-year
montage tweet it to me or if you guys
have seen some and you've seen the very
best ones because there's a couple tweet
it to me and I'd like to use some of
those but watching those things are
crazy
four years of my life in one video is a
pretty mind-bending if you will all
right I love you guys and I will see you
tomorrow
