I got I got I got
amazing nice job everybody that was our
rendition of socks on by shaycarl thanks
to our director filmography and band
manager after a performance like that we
must be starving what do you have
prepared for us
well I got some socks long as your ham
got it socks on potatoes prove it
hey yeah yeah so comfortable you can
just lay in those and take a nap for
hours dad biking is definitely not
meatless Sunday that's a classic and of
course the greens looks delicious greens
well it's one takes Sunday sorry though
it's up a little bit late we've been
doing Sunday stuff you know being with
the family with the church today and we
are getting ready to start filling the
document Corey Vidal and his team right
now my birthday I'm gonna be 33 in two
days what's up babe ah you always want
me to throw you up in the air okay one
time okay I'll throw you one time as
high as I
and look who slept seriously
he was just like laying there during the
whole sob song good matter oh he wants
me to push play everybody no that was a
good Spidey pose oh that was good
I love the VESA into the Spidey pose yes
he jumps okay so I have been seen a
couple of you guys have made some for
years shades hard montages thank you
that's been really crazy I've seen a
couple I'll start to watch as many as I
can but yeah we're coming up on four
years of daily vlogging in a couple days
it's insane to imagine that it's been
that long and for those of you who have
been making I'm try not to put my hand
on the microphone which I've done the
last couple one take Sunday's rookie
move anyways oh you guys we haven't
switched our calendar it's March Bros
look who's to stud-muffins in March yeah
thank you guys didn't get a calendar
here's the calendar what's this quote we
have a quote every month Shea Butler
who's that guy the secrets to life or
hidden behind the word cliche Oh which
reminds me I wanted to show you guys
I've been like Netflix in it up lately
if you guys didn't see those two
documentaries that I recommended at the
podcast go watch him one's called
abandoned babe what was that documentary
about fathers called
what was that documentary about fathers
called absent go check out absent and
holes in my shoes to really good
documentaries on Netflix right now I'm
watching one called
the secret which it seems a little weird
and mystical but it's true honestly if
you apply the concepts they talk about
in this documentary you will see success
guaranteed it's all about positive
energy and feeling happy and just like
choosing to be happy but kind of like
picking what you want in your life and
you can have it like you put up these
these vibes and they come back it's
crazy I don't know I can't explain it
they have like philosophers and PhDs and
all that kind of doctrine you know those
things honestly we should be ashamed of
ourselves if our kids we don't let our
kids keep their root kids words and
things they keep their rooms a lot
cleaner than we do but in in my defense
usually their rooms are not exactly
clean you know what I mean it's like go
and you open the drawers and it's like
oh there's no any ways no more excuses
check this out on Netflix it's called
the secret thanks for watching one take
Sunday and get your socks on people yeah
cool into shorts you don't have your
argyle socks on again the song's own I
got oh hey let's make a foot baby
what
