hi I'm logging here morning baby tide
morning princess I'd the mornings and
odd and good morning baby charts project
I'm so excited to see you yeah baby card
has a project today that is do whoa hi
mr. frog maybe todd has a project it's
dr. Seuss's birthday I think today and
so all the kids were supposed to read a
dr. Seuss book and then do a project
around that it could be anything like
dress up crazy or write a project or
memorize a line from the book or
anything so she read Wacky Wednesday and
made a poster that has a Wacky Wednesday
wacky butterfly on it and it was
adorable but anyways we're running a
little late so we're trying to get to
school on time here we go Oh Google
global super rock powder flower club for
beverage hog for bringing diverse crew
little retro your butterflies happy are
you happy
wait what is it Olivia Olivia Olivia the
butterfly blah blah Porter Berbatov look
how pretty the wacky butterfly because
it has two moons on this side and one
wing on this side and it's different
color you look lovely today are you
excited for your last day of school for
the week the kids have been so tired all
week it's been one of those weeks where
we kind of stayed up late in the weekend
because Carly's here we might go to a
movie tonight
thanks for joining rocked art on this
episode of the love nest join us next
week when we talk about how to apply for
college this is we should have a little
boy show yeah low PLO
pillow fight Oh gage you gonna let him
do that to you dude put her whack him oh
snap messing up at Carly's set I
encouraged him I encouraged him get him
rocked art hit him with that heart hit
him
nice we're on the set of Carly's new
show our heart love killing with love
where's Carly Maillard early so we're
shooting Carly's show now look what
they're looking oh they're come open
anything
don't touch the gum that's first that's
a prop do I'm glad to turn the lights
off it was getting hot here got a ton of
gum what does he have he has a hat oh
cool so check out Carly's new show
called the love nest me and Colette were
just on it and we did not talk about
things that you shouldn't talk about we
did talk about some sexual things okay
so we may have a super ultra same
dilemma right now what happened to
installments okay so what happened
someone stole my song
someone stole your sign cards are you
sure how do you know when I came back
from recess I am in my backpack the
place where I usually put them was open
and the pocket excited so did anybody
see you put them in there are you sure
you put them in there today or would you
maybe have left them at home and put
them in there yesterday and forgot left
to mass and forgotten or if I did today
I'm pretty sure I looked around
you're hoping somebody left them and you
left him at home huh
we're hoping that nobody stole his cards
but he remembers putting them in the
pocket and they're gone now and the
pocket was open well being a nobody
stole them but we're gonna look around a
little bit more before we jump to
conclusions because I've done that
before where I'm like oh my gosh
somebody stole that and then I'm like oh
I found it hopefully it didn't happen
but it could have crossed your fingers
you guys how did you project school 1
anybody liked it everybody liked it cool
did you get outta here is funny we have
the butterflies hair hey where you going
hold on did you get up and present in
front of the class
yeah did you show them your book and
everything yeah well good job honey I'm
sorry love it all the kids read their
books they read the books did you read
your book no oh okay cool don't touch it
where'd you girlfriend my goodness
every time we walk by this cart because
I look in it because it's always clean
and it's all shiny and so they always
make funny faces in it don't worry
though it's not your car don't touch it
excuse
Goody's okay shake carlos has got his
first birthday present your mom's always
on top of things she's always the first
one it's not for you this is daddy's
present look at Z he's even excited what
is it
pantalones I think that's a shirt oh
that's cool that's nice nice run I might
be running shirt oh wow God mom dude
I probably gonna need to write in my
journal set a journal
yeah John yeah that's a nice journal
that is that's really nice it's like a
basketball on the outside oh I like it
yeah oh good yeah what'd I just tell you
I wanted you just told me you wanted
more shots like that just like those
Blue Ensign are exactly the same as all
different color I wanted some more with
the Nike hi good job Grammont hard you
did excellent because that's exactly
exactly what you wanted Schwartz I'm not
a complicated guy just give me some
Schwartz to run in and a hot check to
the oh I'm happy register you got this
shorts where you gonna find the other
one no I'm still looking
no no no guys my mom wrote something on
the inside of this journal she read it
you should read it to my firstborn come
here you're not the first born hush up
happy birthday Mart don't you know I
don't know no daddy's girl March 5th
1980 was one of the happiest days of my
life from the moment you were born you
have always been the happiest most full
of life spirit people love to be around
you and your infectious zeal for life I
am more than proud to call shaycarl or
more than proud to say Shay Carl is my
son I love you mom oh thank you mama to
culture hard time do you are ironic card
will not kill it it's not yours why the
infectious zeal for life huh
yes we do dad your infectious zeal for
life is very contagious all right get
out of my face a carton to look at
what's in that book
what's adult don't write in this book
this is just for daddy to writin okay
what is this the hint mom am I supposed
to run more marathons I think it's
because you around for right orzo three
and a half and three and a half and
that's all oh she did check it out I
represent that very cool
yonder dance oh that's sweet 126 point
two for each marathon I've Ryan and in
the half marathon that I've ran yeah
that's cool actually
gotta have it thanks mom that's really
thoughtful
I like that wish I stick tease your head
head Oh what's going on here we have a
little Ezekiel on the beach loves all
the smells do you can go surf and catch
a few waves real quick before the Sun
sets
hurry go hang some 10-man Jim here he
comes here your clothes do you think
buddy is your first sunset well isn't it
pretty pretty gorgeous
hey baby jarred baby guards chasing the
birds get up get up get up
rocks throwing rocks Collette and Sun
tarde went to a scavenger hunt so I said
come on kit let's run down and watch the
sunset on a Friday evening we might as
well it's a beautiful pool first time
touching the ocean that's the first time
Malachi hated the water what do you for
sneak into the water at all because I
don't want him to be scared of it
I just wanted to explore it and discover
it on his own Malachi hated the water
you might remembered a story when
Malachi was seeks age he got bit by a
spider and he was like hitting hives
like all these bumps on his head and his
ears were all swelling up so I put
Malachi in this giant bucket of cold
water to help the swelling go down and
ever since then he was afraid of water
so I'm not gonna fresh for Zeke into the
water but MyLab growing up Skeeter loved
the water and I always loved watching
him go fetch sticks so I want seek to
like the water so I'm not going to
pressure him into a no pressure bro take
it at your own pace hey guys we are at
the mother-son gavin drummer last week
che got to go on a date with the girls
and this week it's my turn to go today
was one car actually a date that looks
like a scavenger that we're going to go
out in the dark with their flashlight
and find out whatever is on the list in
this bag and there's no idea what it is
we can't look inside we're not cheating
we're not cheaters and then we're going
to go look for it in the darkest it went
skating
are you excited what do you think we're
going to be looking for I've no idea I
hope it's
car so picnic Jorge yeah because you
didn't finders at home
somebody really didn't take them
questions in yo it's not cool it's a
rude awakening to have dishonest people
can be yeah
don't steal cards guys be honest and if
you have stolen
give it back and admit you are wrong
okay here we go okay hurry okay with it
so we know okay the first one said book
shot layup free throw alley-oop you'll
be there to get there okay you gotta get
three in the hope did you make one yep
again we could be working together if I
wasn't holding the camera huh hey you
want me to go yes yeah three okay here
we go writing if you are flying by you'd
surely see where a massive flower is
feeding a gigantic B what's that over
there over there oh gosh where is a
massive flower feeding a gigantic beef
where would that be is there isn't there
like a mural somewhere of that do you
know what I'm talking about
we're stuck on doing you an order we'll
find it okay I think we figured out it's
the garden area we're running to the
graphic into from getting in shape who
won the very last one
are we right yep I think we're right is
the drinkie Valley
Robinson here's I think we're clasp
insides good you have to take a look
take a rock oh okay let's run to the
front we did it
I hope we're still one of the first five
first three oh we just ran into each
other okay let's see
there's a couple in front of us we did a
good job
yep we did a really good job I got a
workout high five good so we just ran
around this whole school there's still a
Villanova but I think that we did a good
job yeah I think we should be proud oh
my godness look at this cuteness
we got babies and puppies running on the
beach here's chasing the birds be out of
breath tiring why she pull a joint
got his whole bum in the water there you
got knocked over by his first wave go
get him
somebody likes the ocean somebody likes
the ocean he wasn't scared at all dude
he wasn't that wave good boy good Buffy
Stefan just to shake it off that's salt
water you can eat a bag we go home he
was totally out there in the way these
girls are splashing man look at this
golden sunset it is such a blessing to
live here in a free country and this
time of the world with my family what a
blessing
don't get drownded out there cold hey
little boy you have in front of the
ocean Oh your pants are soaking wet
here comes the leg here comes the way
here Zeki mop up come on
he likes the water he's a good boy come
on let's go let's go let's go let's go
let's go let's go power comes a big wave
because of the clay
oh boy dude I'm talking three days and
we have made a video every single day
for four years four years it's
incomprehensible to think that we've
been doing it for this lot we're coming
up on our 1502 video pretty soon and it
is man it's like a big sigh of where did
the time go
and I'm just thinking I haven't put
together like a cool four year Shaytards
montage none of you have by chance been
working on one of those anybody anybody
dude please somebody make me a sweet
Shaytards for your montage man I got
this gear has really snuck up on me I
don't know what it is if it's like we've
just been busy or but I was sitting in
bed with Colette this morning she's like
what do you wanna do with your for your
birthday I'm like man it's in three days
it's really snuck up on me this year I
usually like have plans and all this
stuff but it's like men it's like right
here I think with a documentary and
we're just slammed with so much other
stuff anyways I can't wait to be 33
years old and to have been doing this
for four years that's insane thank you
for everybody it's been along for the
ride and if you want to make a sweet 4
year Shh arts montage I'll give you a
shout out and use it and tweet it and
all that kind of stuff I can definitely
use it I'm like definitely behind
alright check out yesterday's vlog one
two three in the middle and you're
feeling lucky but I'll see you tomorrow
love your faces bike
