hey suckers I'm gonna do a vlog now well
hon your morning wake-up call
hello looks like he's already came Ziqi
all her balls are in my face bro yeah
dad it's time to get up
yeah I get it like my head oh oh wow
that doesn't look like it hurt
well I guess you're awake now it's time
to get up time to get up
I don't want to Zeke wake your dad up
get your dad up get him z yeah mmm oh
boy
oh that's not gonna feel so good when
he's you know a couple pounds heavier
he's already like double like dark it's
funny because from when we first got him
like princes tired and baby tired they
can all pick him up and just like carry
them outside now it's funny to watch
princes are trying you're so big how
long have we had him to eat weeks little
dudes you are just growing up we'd go a
little weed you smoke weed bro that's
not cool quit smoking weed it's like
stuck oh are you kidding an ear nibble
from somebody else you wet willy
your nipples Elva what what what ow
just punch me in the face
you're a violent puppy hmm was that a
seizure oh snap don't turn your head
Oh kid got him mm-hmm good job dad
oh wow that looks weird looks like you
have a puppy body hey every day of happy
good job Zeke RIT is out for a little
walk
I've been trying to show Zeke the leash
cause he's gets scared of it every time
I put it on him it just pulls and pulls
and pulls so I finally got him
downstairs kept like giving him little
treats when he would walk with me with
the leash so I think that he's getting
the hang of it super funny to watch
puppies learn new things like um Dover
the thing I mean I'm not okay with this
hey spider-man how are you who's that
who's that as your Batman do we need a
leash for you spider-man do we need a
leash for you no say no mom hey Zeek are
you eating a tree I don't think that's
good come over here puppies and babies
job little lady's been popping up the
stairs that's a lot of stairs huh
good job you did such a good job Tiki is
such a good job he'll get better at it
get better and better the more we do it
huh hey what are you talking about oh
you're making popcorn
what is the popcorn do know it goes hop
hop
oh you want to put it in a bowl this is
route treads favorite snacks popcorn
popcorn in a bowl Oh get it open
can you open it oh I gotta use your
muscles use your spidey muscles yeah
it'd be smarter than the bag
try harder okay I'll do that for ya
you see that little notch right there
that's where you got to pull it right
here you see that now you do it
use your spidey muscles you can do it
try again
come on you're being a whistle
spider-man yeah good job spider-man high
five
working on leash muscles and spidey
muscles the bell just rang I remember
what a glorious sound that was to my
ears on those long school days and you
just wanted to go home and watch
cartoons you see the kids
we got rocked are picking up two kids
from school there's the little
troublemakers now all three of them
somebody has stolen my hat
we're on rock face you look cool what's
the matter oh dude okay so baby tard
made this necklace today and she was
just asking me to tie it for her and I
hadn't been able to tie it yet and then
she dropped one of the ends and all of
the beads came off the necklace and she
was so disappointed we can rebuild it
dude oh yeah those are cool huh hey guys
we're on set with collars I'll bring it
on about makin makin Megan Fayette they
getting at your q and a's that we're
about the answer oh they asked questions
on Twitter for people to ask us for a
video so I'm excited to see what happens
I'm also laughing at Casey's Instagram
webpage for Yankee you're probably gonna
be that's ours I'm okay you wanna put
these on my face all right sir dad
whatever gage was in there himself I
mean I was gonna say
that's something that rocked harder
probably due to and I could do my
goodness look Yoga says it's a plate
with like a chalkboard
you guys should learn how to do it table
hey kale a channel yo-yo so we're just
getting ready for the next part of our
set these are the normal lights in
Kaylee's kitchen she just has these in
her kitchen you know you know just
random fella to cook like that I've like
good lighting always always you never
know I mean in a home that does vlogging
you always need to have good lighting
their beef stroganoff is under expose
these lights are so bright you could
almost get a tan from them I think all
right you guys there's a few things that
I want to update you on hey excited to
see your shirt design one thing is the
zoo Rodeo arcade just sent me an email
and all the kids are coming in here
because they want to see their new shirt
design so on March 5th which is in like
a few days we're gonna have a four-year
anniversary shirt sets oh and at school
my teacher said wear yours three days
and help right
pizza party dude nothing's better than a
pizza party all right you guys ready to
see these let's check this email here
okay here they are you guys be honest
tell me what you think all right okay
wait here let's go to view all right
there's the first one yeah that's what
it what is the key oh man there's
princess tart oh look how tough son tard
looks mommy is baby tart and there's a
rock man holding all his toys with one
shoe you like your shoes those are cute
huh okay so that's the first one let's
see the next one
there's the Daddy tard shirt baby tar
what do you think that's yours do you
like it yeah I love the pink of the
lettering it's like distress that is
cute baby tart and it's pink I love that
Cape Royds is chard ready to see yours
it's a surprise okay look don't you
think look baby girl
Oh purple it's right oh that's cute
you like that one awesome especially my
yard that's why I'm called a princess
card
don't tell me Zeke it's is very own
shirt man that one's gonna sell out more
than all of us
that's Zeke you're right oh let's see if
richard has one who's that my that's my
you you look at important that's you
right that's a good boy he refers to
himself in pictures as my you because I
think that's my you but now he's finally
saying me that's you do you like the
green color yep smelling salad green you
like green net a neck clean all right so
there's a rock-hard one he has one shoe
and he's holding all those toys maybe we
shouldn't cut mine we should have him
switching boys it's like a Batman or a
spider for a car right probably like
copyright I can't use superheroes what
do you think rock tart a car or do you
like the blocks I'm thinking am i yeah
I'm thinking you need to get a car one
let's see mommy tards now behold the
beautiful mommy tire your kill babe do
you like this one better than the white
pants mommy that's mommy mom all right I
think these shirts are gonna be
available March 5th on Rodeo arcade I'm
not sure how many they're gonna sell but
if you guys want to get some of these be
ready on March them because I could sell
out fast I like it I like the weekend my
pants like the boy pants yeah your blue
pants kind of girl yeah you know what's
going on here baby Tariq okay let's see
what's this I'm gonna grab one
well there's one attached
dude they're like coming out of the
water there's a white one you're gonna
feed them up really how do I know that
was you I just got you dude I'm major
goose if you want to get him you guys
have by the tail
dad you dare me to grab one dude if you
can pull one out of the water I'll give
you five bucks my gosh thank you guys
welcome to get those out of the water
there's gays eel avier
five bucks bro you get one out of the
water okay don't touch em any more we
better not those are expensive fish
Kasey has a special treat for zekiel
I'll hearing at your face bit off Zeke
deep what's that what's that what's that
Casey brought home some prime rib for
the restaurant yeah that's a little
weird bro solutes putting hair butter on
the top of your top mouth and I'm like
it that's where that's at summer Zeke
come here come put him on the counter
prime rib don't put him on the counter
here Zeki here buddy oh yeah you like
that prime rib for my puppy yeah can you
tell that is that bigger does he look
bigger new like say hi gage hey my buddy
yummy give him a hug he missed you I
like that hat gage can you carry him
he's getting heavier and heavier
princess Hardy can hardly carry whoa
okay know maybe we shouldn't pick him up
boom bust his head open
you just leave them alone dude just let
him walk I'm a few more months and then
you guys won't be able to budget he's
gonna be so big oh you know like Carly
this is the first time Carly's met him
so express our puppy breath for him real
puppy bread my ears buy other things not
Harris are you talking about weirdo you
sicko
as the illustrious musician rebeccablack
would say it is Friday Friday Friday
happy weekend everybody be sure to check
out yesterday's vlog the one two three
in the middle you know what's crazy is
you can go back one year ago and I
wasn't fat Shay I've been skinny shaved
for a whole year now which is probably
added at least five to ten years on my
life more times with puppies more
exciting times with fishing with my
children and more make-out sections
section sessions with my wife if you
guys didn't see the fine brothers new
video yesterday it's blowing up man it
has like almost 50,000 thumbs up on it
already they got 14 different youtubers
to be rickrolled and the reactions are
priceless you got to go check it out
I'll put that as the link on the filling
lucky video go watch that and then if
you haven't seen the rope swing video
please watch it as soon as I upload
today's vlog I'm gonna go comment some
more on that on that video so if you
guys want to come over there and have
another little comment party I'll be
there hanging out cool happy weekend
everybody love you see you tomorrow
again for another video my birthday's in
four days
