good morning you guys I have been
debating for the past couple weeks
should I start potty training rocked
hard because I don't like potty training
it's such a like ah you know that you're
gonna spend a lot of time especially in
the first week or so every 20 minutes
going to the bathroom taking it about
picking the bed it's a process so I've
been debating like I think he's ready
he's kind of young you know baby tard
kind of took a little bit longer so I'm
not sure if I want to get him to start
damn but he seems ready so I was like
well maybe I'll just get him ready I'll
start like showing him little YouTube
videos of potty power and like you know
that kind of thing
a YouTube potty powder pack powder honey
powder honey we're at a potty pad
nevermind
a YouTubed potty power and look what I
found
we've got these videos the main potty
power video and that oh oh that's
bb2 ID I forgot that we did a potty
power video with baby tard I was
thinking I think she's a little bit
older in that video so then I'm like oh
should I wait oh man I don't know I
don't know but it was fun to go back and
watch anyways should I start potty
training cuz it's a lot of work and I've
already been potty training a puppy but
I was like ah maybe we should just do it
at the same time get it over with right
the other thing that I'm concerned about
is we have a couple of vacations coming
up business trips we're going to
playlist live that's five to six hours
on an airplane with a toddler hey Rach
card do you want to be potty trained you
don't want to go potty potty trained son
actual train do you want to look at
mommy look at mommy do you want to go
peepee in the potty like a big boy what
if we got you some cool Batman underwear
and you went potty in the toilet could
you do that how old are you how old are
you - you're - do you want to strike on
peepee in the potty no no no but you
could be a big boy we can use some
really cool underwear you little peep in
the potty like gage want to go peepee in
the potty like gage not beige no you
could go peepee in the potty like a big
boy don't do that
yeah whoa was that a yes did you guys
hear yes I think I already yes do you
want to go watch a little video about
potty power daddy seep oh you just
zipped up my neck dude you ready ready
oh gosh you're getting better
she's getting better about catching with
just his hands and not his paws watching
you you're a crazy kid
are you done yeah do it again okay you
try to get the ball and throw it to me
who's that don't let him jump on that
glass table get him off that get off the
table young man no is not nice okay he's
like Zeke he's just gonna count gotcha
okay we made a compromise he can stand
on the couch cuz he likes to be at my
level what what's wrong oh no camera oh
okay he doesn't like when I'm holding
the camera cuz then I'm not catching the
ball ready 1 2 3
yeah you ready you ready you ready come
on ready you ready
sorry it was between this and his bike
and he picked this one oh my goodness
you're the fastest old man ever come on
they're gonna freak super funny because
I almost gave it away
ready to give it away to somebody
because he can walk obviously and he
loses it so guess what you've been
around for a while good photos this late
is it tingling Oh goodbye I love you I'm
tired too you guys eat that when your
foot falls asleep or you're like butt
falls and food for your hand falls
asleep but it's just a tingling pins and
needles
- discern we're having an internal no no
don't do it no no no no no no no no no
your dad's will be watching this he's
editing he'll be so sad if you do that
commence interrogation now hey princess
star come here hey I have a question for
you be honest with me I've been editing
the today's vlog did you eat that
chocolate yesterday at gymnastics
no it's don't lie to me in the eyes in
the fridge I'll go get it
okay prove it go get it just kidding I
believe you good girl I'm proud of you
no get out of here I'm editing the vlog
oh it's late today you guys are pistol B
parents I'm sorry but I just had a treat
from her friend she shared some of us
Snickers with her and she came up these
noises that this just once but I was
like what's not a sugar day she's really
trying hard to be good but it's so hard
I understand I love sugar too but we're
gonna go home we'll put in a backup in
concert on Friday night is that cool
Friday night that's naughty what is your
go-to either well we always have sugar
I'm writing a concealer of a movie I
hope we can go this Friday night because
there's a movie coming out that I want
to see which one is you guys guess what
movie I want to see that's coming out
this Friday night my mother tell you
does not have
and you guess what it is I know clothing
here it's gonna melt so I can take it
away so we just throw it away okay let's
go woman make some pasta for dinner
yes
we're playing a little sunset soccer out
here on the back long strip with the
boys
Zeke rock guard sundar Jay tard all
right bro bring it oh hey that's my goal
wait a minute hit the throw T and that's
not fair that's not fair you ever throw
it in corner kick
use fart with your shoe dude your shoe
is flatulation well boom there's almost
defense get the key oh I'll go to Daddy
oh go ahead Bronco you want to get out
of play here we come on stir up the
stairs
we taught Zeke how to come up the stairs
the other day huh he was scared at first
but then we taught him I rocked our
where's your shoes these I seen little
baby feet going up the stairs going up
the stairs
little puppet feet going up the stairs
going up the stairs can I just say amen
hallelujah to another delicious dinner
tired at the Shaytards no prepared by
the master chef herself the beautiful
the magnanimous mommy Todd and everybody
give her a round of applause let's hear
it for mommy Todd prepare dinner since
1990 whenever she started making dinner
no thanks to these two brats we have a
delicious salad
we got a pasta that's to die for you can
smell this your nose gland to be Papa
Papa don't say that stupid okay who's
Cameron you don't have a boyfriend you
have a little boy who thinks you're cute
because you are cute and that's it save
those kisses for your daddy and for your
husband which won't happen for another
29 years
oh whoa what's going on over there
hey mama target did you see your
boyfriend see your boyfriend he's right
over here watch out I'm looking at my
biceps move I can't see that's good that
is I am trying to look at my biceps you
do not get in my way when I'm trying
look at my biceps whoa
come on do it okay sit down
no do it sit down Betty hold on tight
hold on tight oh snap you're tangled up
in chairs hold on hold on huh oh that's
scary scary
mr. Zeke get him oh okay
oh where comes Rob dog he's been doing
good other than chewing up paper towels
everywhere he does usually chew on his
toys alright we're having a comment
party on the new rope swing video
everybody's asking babe everybody wants
to know what Colette thought when she
first saw this and I should have
recorded her reaction the very night
that I told her that I was gonna go do
this well mommy turns here commenting to
lore tag team in the comment section
video because I knew you were already
home with me unsafe so quick little note
before I even went to do this Devon sent
me an email of the location cuz the
dudes that set up this video for us they
had done this before so they had just
kind of like a low quality video that
was on YouTube that they sent
to look at and when Colette saw that the
first time she was like you were not
doing that I was super scared but I knew
that this is something that che really
loves to do is to have that adrenaline
rush and this was definitely something
that if he didn't do he would regret it
so I just put my trust in Devon and his
team and and Heavenly Father of course
and it all worked out did you pray yes
like all day that day I was like please
call me please call me please call me I
felt so bad because where we are at
there was no phone service and so I
couldn't call her till I was like 9
o'clock that night when I called her oh
you prayed for me or more mom the mom
was freaking out - oh yeah cuz mom knew
also yeah she was freaking out too and I
shoulda told her it was so funny after
we talked to her and I told her she was
like I shouldn't have asked my mom bless
her heart she said you little I
can't believe you're doing this she
cussed at me
cuz she did not want me to do it either
but I'm behind alive wanna go far
if you haven't seen it yet please go
check it out insane rope swing a 400
foot rope swing that I got to go shoe
with Devin Supertramp and his team it
was a blast and so I just tweeted in
Facebook that we're having a comment
party so me and Colette are responding
to every comment we can in the comment
section right now so look it's like Shay
Katie let comment party ain't no party
like a Shay and Katie let comment party
because a Shay and Katie like combat
party don't stop yo se Dawgs
all right please you guys go check it
out I have had a million tweets that's
an over-exaggeration probably hundreds
maybe almost thousands this insane rope
swing video has been posted on the front
page of Yahoo Ryan Seacrest tweeted it
it was on Good Morning America it's been
posted on places like Gizmodo I've had
hundreds of you tweet me that's been on
your nightly news and places like Canada
and Spain and the Netherlands and all
across America so don't be the last one
to see this video you don't want to be
the last one to the party check it out
click on the I'm feeling lucky button if
you're on a mobile device I will put it
in the description below
insane rope swing go watch it go watch
all the behind-the-scenes footage and
the main video and you guys can find out
about Creighton who pushed his
girlfriend off a 400-foot cliff yeah she
definitely did break up with him and
that did really happen I wasn't there
the day that happened because I had to
fly home to LA but I called Devin and I
said dude was that a setup were you
joking did Creighton like set that up
totally did not set it up he literally
pushed his girlfriend off 400 foot cliff
go click on the I'm feeling lucky button
click on yesterday's vlog go see what
the Shaytards are doing one two and
three years ago today speaking of
yesterday the three years ago button
yesterday was when I was with the fine
brothers when the station was just
starting and today a brand new youtubers
react came out with me and Phil Edie and
I Justine and Smosh and a bunch of other
youtubers and we all got rickrolled I'll
leave a link below go check that out -
all right love you guys see you tomorrow
