four three two one tarde a baby Princess
rocking a son tarde yeah they brought a
family of fun torque they are and by
they will sing their favorite song oh
wait
okay bro bro show us why you're super
thrilled right now well because I ran
five laps around the track without
walking for stopping and dick J gave you
ten packs ok backs big days your coach
after school give you ten packs a
basketball cards that's like so many
basketball cards as you have a most
assigned I don't know that I own pie or
the first pack but it's all regular you
have any good ones so like any good
people that's regular though and now
time to see someone goodness so we got
ten packs here that's exciting
you earned that you aren't those four
running five laps hi Pete is all to sign
up to that it's not even look at his
office defense it's any way communion
was it Tim Duncan your purse ultra sign
yo Timmy boy what I don't know I know
this is like Christmas break is hard
how was school today guess what just tap
it so those friends just don't come
chasing me and him don't like you're
like trapping me up you're trapping and
every time we miss my kiss tag mm-hmm
you were playing - what is this going on
today my like trying to undercut Tony it
says it was like staking me like a
prince
Oh oh I'm glad that he saved you yeah
Chris boss signed Chris bot what who
Chris Bosh I'm behind sweet yo yo I
remember playing kiss Chad when I was
little I think I was even in seven
like second first grade third grade ish
this kid Jesse used to chase all the
girls around and try to kiss them and I
remember freaking out cuz I did not want
him to kiss me and it was like that
exciting thing but I really genuinely
was like I hope he doesn't catch me and
kiss me I think that I remember one time
he did and he kissed me and it was like
on my cheek and all wet slobbery Jesse
you know who you are he's really cool
though you know che you just cut one
like I forget what I'm gonna say
or you can just keep it on okay alright
are there any more ultra signs going on
really baby
let's see it lets see it lets see it
dang it some whole trip
wait wait wait you can have ultra but
not sign yeah hmm well what's the point
of that what find yo I think I can help
you with that huh music please
I love to
H I J
Hey
good job and that excuse me ever
we're all just sitting here reading gee
we're reading Prince's charge celebrated
reader book today it is a bargain for
Francis and it's a really cute book so
far are you going to read it standing on
your head that's not very easy you want
Tong Tsui fries do you want to tell him
the moral the story so far
there's this girl and her name is
Francine and she has his friend tempo
Thelma Thelma and they love each other
that happens what happens
Velma lies to Francis yeah so then Frank
this kind of to her eleven and Selma
said that she's no tradebacks
and Francine no backsies huh no backsies
and she lied to Francine the kids can
still learn when they're standing on
their head a little bit slower but you
know that's how we learn around here
standing on our hands hi my name is
Paloma sorry my hair is a little bit
messy but this is me I'm gonna show you
some of my tricks that I can do now
watch this is called a head stance I
know I'm really good at it
today now next I'm going to show you a
split stutter
look you have no hands I told you I can
do a split all the way down now I'm
gonna get my hair different and my
clothes different and I probably might
have some shoes you'll wait and see okay
this isn't mean my clothes that's my
necklace sorry it's my Nicholas I get
mixed up in my words all the time and
you can see as I fix my hair it's not in
a ponytail anymore and now I have a
striped shirt some jeans and some boots
and I talk British accent dick I'm not
gonna do that really though next what
I'm gonna show you is a bridge I'm gonna
see if I can do one cuz I only did a
couple times
okay let's see this is a bridge I guess
I can do in my boots my jeans and my
stretch and not my shirt really and this
is me in a bridge if I can tip my head
backward but it's harder for me to do it
that's my bridge now I'm going to do
something called a pike that I would do
in the air instead of weight limit I'm
gonna do on the floor and not the air
that's the opposite of what is okay
let's see okay this is Nina Pike if I
could I can't do all the way though a
pike is when you when you touch your
hands all the way to your toes but I
only do a pike without tension my toes
okay now it's a surprise you'll see
what's next this is called a cat stretch
and as you can see as I'm pushing on my
hips and I'm trying to push push push
I'm trying to get my hands up here so
then it's even stretcher and that's
what's called the cat stretch wait I
think it's called a seal yeah it's
called a seal that's an animal's name
that's why it's called a seal okay guys
this is it
and I have someone to share with me this
is Rosie
say hi Rosie hi this took a long time
and now I have light cuz my little
sister was taking a nap so I had to wait
for her yes she was she's not really
tuck so make sure you'll love it I'm
subscriber and make sure you check out
more
princess chard channels Hey my name's uh
Rosie
sometimes I forget my name and I'm sorry
that my hair is you know a little messy
I could be showing you some tricks okay
guys this is a split hi guys
next I'm going to be doing a straddle
for my trip hi guys this is us Jarell hi
God I'm going to change in different
clothes and you see that I have
bracelets on my hand little bracelets
you know deep bracelet hi guys that you
can tell that I'm wearing Palomas
clothes it's because I didn't want to
wear my dress in wards Christine I'm
wearing a green jacket with a pin inside
it pink shirt with flowers on it and
butterflies and a skirt that's great and
pink
thank you for staying right channel time
to do the last tick of my video bye
make sure you tweet this video make sure
you comment it make sure you love it and
thumbs up and make sure you send it to
your friends and make sure they send it
to their friends and make sure you tweet
at and Sam in it and love it yeah bye
bye
you guys better listen to Paloma little
sellout I hear Annette
jeez she's scary and it's dinnertime at
the Shaytards once again oh I gotta tell
you something well you better cuz my
ears are itching to hear it and well I
have a new channel oh great
self-promotion tart here we go
oh wait what'd you say rock hard rock
tart saying we have to say the prayer
about like I make stories of American
Girl dolls okay with our American Girl
dolls and cheese in my youtube video you
can call it a web series so for now your
American Girl web series is going to
live on the Shaytards until it branches
off into a huge success on your own
trend okay but for now it's gonna live
on the Shaytards yep but we'll say like
in the video it's my chin well what
we'll call it is your web series so it's
your web series contained within the
Shaytards channel and then once your web
series picks up and goes really good
then you can get your own channel and
your web series will switch over to its
very own channel and ask daneboe that's
what happened to an orange and then I'll
get a votes own TV show okay
and um hi if I put it online then I'm
gonna get money and that's what makes me
make more like moot like videos cuz
they're like if I'm gonna get the money
to like more American Girl Bell things
that what's what makes it more stories
you're such a little businesswoman Hey
so princess hard wanted a camera so
yesterday we gave her that black camera
and one of the speaker's was out so the
audio was bad so I gave her a different
camera today and so then she went and
she took that camera and she went and
filmed all that American Girl doll
footage that you guys saw and then she
came in and she said dad can I make the
money can you pay me the money that we
get off of the American Girl dolls stuff
that I make and I said
okay sure so then she comes in like the
little entrepreneur she is and she says
dad you know what I'm gonna do with that
money that you're gonna give me from the
channel from the American Girl doll web
series I'm gonna take that money and I'm
gonna buy more American Girl dolls and
more furniture and stuff and then I can
make more videos with the money that you
pay me and I can make more American Girl
doll videos yeah all right well I was
saying not smart you put your money back
into your business that's smart thinking
that's a good business woman all right
rock cards eaten half his dinner and
he's still waiting to pray Rock turn
wanna say a prayer he's like why were
you talking about birthing in my mouth
maybe there's a few pieces of chicken
okay let's say a prayer mommy and son
tard harlow two lone plates they're not
with us this evening all right so who's
gonna say the prayer I'm gonna eat you I
just have a dish mine up I just ditched
your guys's up all right
prince sirki gonna say the prayer okay
both arms rock hard I'm just kidding the
patient fold arms okay it's a prayer
fold arms okay go ahead princess heard
that heavenly that you will be with
us please let us all love one another
one will be kind to each other
please hold on to the airing I think
she's crazy
amen all right let's see you did I did
too you have no proof of the contrary no
I wasn't so it's like this the whole
time you're doing a good job little man
keep eating eat all your food use your
fork hey bro you sure dinglehopper
I'm just gonna swig some more of this
juice dad
grab your dinglehopper right there eat
your fork you should fork there you go
that's my little buddy big buy full of
salad good job nom nom nom nom
chlorophyll more that baura feel I don't
sound like you guys I need to ask you a
very serious favor I know you're looking
at the end slate right now there's
pretty colors and spinning faces please
please please click on I'm feelin lucky
video you guys remember a couple weeks
ago when I went to a secret undisclosed
location and I had to sleep in a minivan
overnight in sub zero degree weather to
do a super secret video with Devin
Supertramp that video is now live and
available for your viewing pleasure this
secret is over it's a 400-foot rope
swing Bar None hands down this is the
biggest most insane craziest rope swing
you'll find anywhere on the viewing
world and that's not an exaggeration I
tell you what this thing is insane
I literally for the next three days
after going to the location where we
shot this had nightmares I kept thinking
about like being on the edge of a cliff
and I would like wake up in cold sweats
like imagining that I was standing on
the edge of that crevasse a lot of you
have commented and said like how crazy
and daring I am but seriously I was
terrified I was scared just as much as
any of you would be terrified standing
on top of a 400 foot cliff
but just like I have talked about in the
past about choosing happiness you can
choose if you're gonna be afraid or not
you literally have that option to not
let anything control how you feel or how
you're gonna react to an outside
stimulus I'm telling you guys what it's
a life lesson happiness is a choice and
fear is a choice and it's all about
controlling that fear and overcoming it
and not letting anything decide how you
are gonna live your life please check it
out go thumbs it up go comment on it
I've been hanging out there commenting
as much as I can and I'm super excited
about being a part of a Devin Supertramp
video it was one of the coolest
experiences of my life please write now
click on it I'm feeling lucky you see a
little spinny face click on that button
please go please watch and share with
everybody for the love of Paloma Palomas
begging you alright thank you guys we
appreciate all your love and support
we'll see ya tomorrow
