four three two one retard a baby
princess rocket a son turd
yeah they are family of fun toy they are
shopping shopping ravioli soup baby
it's his Elmo we need some toilet paper
shrimp beer magazines shaycarl oh cool
cardboard cappuccino zoom in
incineration
you wanna get in there mom gets to have
all the fun huh get out of young lady
you're gonna get us kicked out that is a
lie and I do not accept lies see you go
guys
thanks to everybody that has been
tweeting me I am in Us Weekly is it Us
Weekly I kept thinking it was Us Weekly
I think it's Us Weekly and I was gonna
buy it for a souvenir but Colette
already went through the line but if you
go to the newest edition of Us Weekly
I'm on page 23 with old Matthew Damon
that's pretty cool man think about all
the barber shops and salons I'm gonna be
in around the world
there's old shaycarl vlogging with Matt
Damon that's this camera actually look
camera you're famous you're famous
camera you're with Matt Damon all this
camera it's this big moment in time
shopping with the shade Todd
shucks shucks shopping with Shaytards
shop shop shopping with the shade ties
it's a beautiful day when you shove it
with a Cerritos shop shop shopping with
the shade shut up shopping you're just
farted on the camera man we're just by
the in and out and I want it in and out
so bad but we said no I really wish you
had those bangles in here no way I think
new cares I got some sliced mangoes you
did it babe right at the red light
what's going on did I just wish for
mangoes and they amazing superior
oh sure babe that'd be great your rocker
do you want some mangoes hey thanks for
climbing in the back and getting the
mangos mommy what do you got there what
are you playing with I used to play with
the headrest did you take that off yeah
I did oh it was really a big vest oh I'm
excited for these babies this is for
lunch for daddy
trying to have an all fruit day I kind
of splurged yesterday when I was
watching all six kids during the Oscars
Big John hi guys how's it going what you
doing what you doing search but I'm so
hyper right now you know why they got a
camera in this camera is my this is my
dog named Zeke guys I do too and when
deshays hey all these so we're just out
running errands hitting sometimes
gymnastics and going to buy dog food and
all those fun things baby singing
you do she found this camera upstairs
but I'm pretty sure you know it's one of
our old ones but I think it's one that
has a bad speaker because I don't know
why we wouldn't be using it you know
what I mean I'm like why is those nice
camera and we're not using it I think
it's one that as a bad speaker but I'm
not really sure yes it does have a bad
speaker and I will dispose of it
properly but she's gonna do her own
stuff I don't know if we'll post it or
not but she's gonna start practicing
there was some footage on it right there
was some old old old super old footage
2000 2010 footage that's super super old
because it is like totes 2013 yeah it
was footage from Carly doing chair chair
yeah why are you watching you guys have
seen that video at least 1,100 times
haven't you oh you poking your sister in
the head I think you wanna be chef is
that right or do you just like trigger a
lot
touching her you both these two love to
watch cooking videos specifically right
now they love Cookie Monster Cookie
Monster we never watch the babies of The
Walking Dead oh look at this I never see
this boy this boy
ooh baby well not no puppy appear oh hi
dirty puppy oh no no no Zeo here could
come fight your brother okay I think
let's get some comments going in the
comment section come up here so Roger I
can beat the crap out of you people give
it up his status okay comments-section
fight to the death
Rock try to be nice to Z okay oh yeah
you guys can wrestle with this rental
there's a difference when the I was
gonna say is what we should have done is
well he wouldn't picked up z we should
have filmed him and his nine other great
day sisters beaten the crap out of each
other they're knocking each other over
better less that I was cuddling with him
and he wanted to bite me so bad I could
tell you under my arm but he wouldn't
nobody nobody nobody
it's definitely got her own style to it
well so much for winding down for bed my
deepest apologies and condolences for
the one speaker situation good old
princess Todd thought she would get her
own flip camera and film about as she
will there were some comedic clips
contained in the camera so I figured I
would show it to you regardless of the
poor audio I hope you enjoyed the
footage please don't forget the purpose
of this beautiful end slate here there
is many clickable options for your
entertainment purposes you can click on
yesterday's vlog see what the Shaytards
are doing exactly one year ago today two
years and three years ago also there's a
feeling lucky button there on the right
I recommend clicking on that a lot
memories and delightful combodia tale
for you if you click on that good button
alright enough with the voice weirdo
face check out today you guys it's
coming it's gonna be tonight 9 2 p.m.
tonight Devin is putting up the amazing
and I say amazing a lot but this time I
mean it this is the world's biggest rope
swing video not even joking I had
nightmares of this cliff days after I
left the location be sure to check it
out I'll leave a link to his channel
below the last rope swing video he did
got 16 million views and this one is
twice as high it's gonna be everywhere
trust me this thing is amazing and the
shots that he got are breathtaking it's
gonna be up tonight at 9 o'clock and I
also have a behind-the-scenes video that
I'm gonna put on my shaycarl channel
that you already uploaded but it's on
private and I'm gonna make that live
tonight once his video goes live so be
watching for that it's gonna be amazing
love you guys guess what I'll see you
next my god
