all right so you guys have a dentist
appointment today orthodontist yesterday
dentist today it's a tooth week better
not have any cavities any cavities are
on your teeth you know how I'm gonna
take care of them I'm not gonna pay the
dentist I'm gonna grab my pair of pliers
and rip them out hear that rip those
teeth out your mouth I log in here
oh well howdy how are you doing welcome
to another Shaytards vlog or you're
ready to have a great attitude and a
smile on your face haha boy you guys
ready that was not a good attitude with
a smile on your face you did okay that's
funny - Eddie what Kutta funny what a
night there's a kitty look at him you
Kiki okay what are we doing where we
going time to work out where's your mom
okay load in everybody look at those
five kids these I created these these
are my best creations I've made a lot of
videos but these are the best creations
I've made my creations exercise make
your body strong I'm gonna go inside and
make out with your mom I'll go watch
some dad so we have not done a kitty
update in a minute these things are
adorable look at him oh hi kitty
Hey yeah waiting for you toots hi kitty
look at him hey calico they like to hide
behind things cuz they get scared of us
but we're nice to him I'm coming James
are you annoyed by all these kitties in
the garage hey come here
have you heard of this guy I'm W James W
James
okay I'm coming we got to work out it
let's go all aboard go into the workout
Express you
yeah
I love you can you do a trick we just
make up tricks with our jungle gym with
you tired
hey moosh walks what's going on over
there thank you you're so cute okay we
are we got Blake Danny Monica Brock &
exton you ready to workout Jackson are
you gonna exercise with us or just have
cool hair at a bad attitude a lot of
toys yeah we get them let's go look at
mr. bad attitude this morning it's 9
a.m. you guys we're doing an
early-morning workout so everybody's
kind of tired
but they got their toys you don't want
that ball get it are you happy now oh
you're dropping your toys and eye
coordination still a thing we're still
working on it
okay guys okay so we are setting up this
punching bag to take out my aggression
on cuz I'm 12 year old with a lot of
aggression but that's only so we have
this and then we're gonna put it
recently got in there been fighting with
his he's been roughhousing with us a
little too much I said dude you be
careful with your sister strong
two-year-old so me Gavin are gonna come
spend some time out here on the bag but
I'm glad cuz I'm also doing football so
that's fun
hit it Brock get a boy get it out punch
it out your aggression up
watch this kick ready watch out dad's
gonna kick it high
uh-huh okay gap okay go to town on that
bad boy nice
remember love not war all right so we
got a workout in we got some punching in
man I tell you what never do I feel
better than on mornings that I do a
workout you guys have heard me say it
secret secret to life you want more
energy you want to feel better you
exercise in the morning I don't make the
rules I just follow them you punching
bags actually really funny like that
yeah it's cool dude have we ever showed
people our secret magic ice machine in
our laundry room dude this is the like
one of the best purchases we've ever
made from the ice so get three different
options okay this is what the ice looks
like just little cues it's really chewy
wait here let me show them it's that one
kind of like gas station ice you know
what I'm talking about the crumbly ice
yeah we got water this is really good
water too
then you can do artists and what mixed
your combination oh that looks so good
have a drink of that I want to pick it
uh mmm all right good workout today dude
yep Gavin starting football very soon
you ready hit some heads dude yep
football - football season football
season who's ready for football yeah all
right so you guys have a dentist
appointment today
orthodontist yesterday dentist today
it's a tooth week better not have any
cavities any cavities are on your teeth
you know how I'm gonna take care of them
I'm not gonna pay the dentist I'm gonna
grab my pair of pliers and rip them out
you hear that rip those teeth out your
mouth all right I'm gonna edit you guys
go to the dentist
gonna get this vlog
all right how'd it go last time here
working on this about this time it's a
accident as clean and easy I didn't any
Kathleen how do you have anyone send to
do huh okay I'm gonna get up
nope don't mean to get to have your
teeth for the rest of your life if you
continue not to eat candy right I'm not
sure if M is ready for that oh you're
awake
there here we are you going want to go
get your teeth cleaned
no your appointments next week I'm gonna
be cute the first time I take can make
it is tooth week cavities twice are
awesome I love you so much yeah what
that's not that's not the way to look at
life I'm gonna Gary's all right now
whatever cut kid needs in the summer
time is a little tight I mean he just
got here yeah this playground is huge
this is an awesome playground you guys
it is full look we've got swings over
there this is like a little general old
tiny area the Train and a teepee let's
go see what Broxton okay what he done
ooh I'm gonna make a song take a song
well I'm going to be over here the whole
time there's three bars - that's cool
love it alright yes we'll play nice oh
well then I'm not gonna tell you where
she is
Tom she wears Daxton is hey Dax do you
like it there's a slide there is a side
go down it yeah look there's like Katy
behind you
do you see the Katy behind you well
skitty oh yeah can we go on up on the
playground I'm coming oh man this is
awesome check it ok I'm coming
what do you think dude yeah you're
welcome
we keep saying thank you mommy
maybe I don't take them to the
playground enough thank you mommy oh
there he goes
bye bye oh so cute
Jackson you're gonna read it very
tractor driver
oh it's a really big tractor where'd you
go okay why are you driving the tractor
we're gonna drive it too
you're gonna drive it just over there
you're so cute hi what's your name I'm
Brittany hi Brittany the girl bang
my name is Colette you're never really
good husband a knife at children it's
true I'm really cool
I mean collects really good it's like we
tightened up it's hot let's get out of
here we going hot it's like 800 degrees
like 800 degrees with hot to me what are
you playing you are high he's so cool
you're ready to go today I hardly wobble
at all when I balance on my life and I
am almost positive that Ronda bumped
into me and not delay Oh twice
madam Lucille says that I'm making
progress that is a fancy word for it
getting better I say Ms see madam that I
curtsy in a special ballet way oh we're
getting vlogged act like you like me you
guys are just cute I just had to vlog it
you're reading the cue book at the end
of the class madam Lucille announces the
part three and I sit together all of our
fingers are crossed I can hardly stand
the suspense
I pick up time I tell my dad the awful
news I am a tree and I'm just an oyster
breeze as my dad acts like that is so
thrilling that you don't understand my
constant will be like brown eye
explain there is no way the brown can
look fancy I love you later we have a
Tea Party to share ourselves up listen
I'm so sad but if you thumbs up this
video and left a nice comment it would
make the world to me oh thanks for
watching the Shaytards vlog here we are
on the insight you can click on you know
what maybe I'm not going to do the end
slates anymore do you guys ever click on
these because I think the YouTube
algorithm might actually work better you
know cuz like when a YouTube video gets
over there'll be a bunch of suggested
videos that just pops up on YouTube you
know maybe those will be more relatable
cuz like I don't even know if you guys
click on these videos do you let me know
in the comments are you curious to go
and see what the Shaytards have been
doing for the last eight years but I'm
like I'm making these insights every day
but maybe you guys I don't know I've
noticed that you other youtubers aren't
doing in slates as much lately
maybe the algorithms the better way to
go trust the machines or do you guys
want me to have an insight you can click
on let me know I'm sure you guys love
our little chats here though right so
you know you miss me right guys you miss
me okay I gotta go bye see you tomorrow
