welcome to the shades Arts
yeah all right here's the calm before
the storm we're going live in like 45
minutes everybody is out getting some
food hanging out in the green room Blake
and raw for talking about the good old
days and we started this podcast look
where we've come gentlemen look at this
this is like a real TV show man this is
sweet how long it I mean how many wires
alone like check out all these wires
there is really almost one for every day
of the month other year you did really
Blake edited a lot of this stuff -
that's gonna be like the media like look
at all this stuff I would be I would get
lost like what if one of these things
this is like Chevy Chase's Christmas you
know what I mean it's like I'm gonna
like I feel I give you some plug in one
of these like what happened which one is
it destroyed that's like on Ocean's
eleven when he's in that like tech room
he's trying to change everything I don't
know look there's the soundboard we got
six cameras and I might be beardless by
the time this shows over I had this idea
to shave my beard during the live show
so I'm gonna have this behind my desk if
you didn't see it
and I'm bearded no I mean not bearded
that's why if you weren't there live go
watch it right now it'll be up on our
podcast Channel
okay
I've got two giant sideburns
we're gonna slow jam my beer
oh I wanted to do a video where as I was
shaving my beard like ki car keys were
falling out one of our little
illegitimate children a lot better than
I'm yes that looks great babe stop right
there
but when the kids go to sleep thanks for
tuning in young-sax of all of our guests
below makes everybody who helped set
this thing up thank you to walk off the
earth for being here to check out their
tour and their album coming out with
March they are amazing check out 2pac de
la ghetto and Kassem G and join us for
episode 101 we're gonna keep going this
podcast is gonna turn into something
amazing
I don't know what yet but thanks we love
you guys for being with us how do I look
you look awful does it look bad oh
thanks please but at least I kiss you
right here please I still have a stash
mm-hmm you had a stash and a random
handle bar here and then one here yes
yes yeah oh yeah we still good we're
still alive we're still alive we just
finished the hundredth episode of the
podcast and I had my computer out just
like in the green room area and look
what Brett put on my computer he can
turn right as I open a to-do list to
feed Zeke upload life to the internet
shave beard eat boogers give kid you
know hug shaycarl Channel
I'm easy right here's my secret password
so I shouldn't show you these I'm a
pretty princess 3 3 3
pp end up high that has a better beard
Oh bread that's classic bread look at
daddy that weird
touch my face is it weird weird rock
card
he didn't notice cuz he hasn't looked at
me since I've been home I just wouldn't
give him a kiss and he stared at me like
oh that feel weird daddy's face feel
weird looking touch daddy's face what do
you think do you like it Jim kisses chin
kiss daddy's chin we're gonna touch my
eye touch daddy's face touch my face I
kiss my chin I love you he had this a
party√≠s look on his face he like looked
at me like there you are Peter he was
like rub my face it was weird
all the kids are not picked him up from
school they were like did a double-take
dad what do you guys think Shea's shaved
shaved
we're just getting we're just ready for
the father and daughter day and I just
got a lot of blush line and just
spreading it out no I'm not doing that
and doing that and we're gonna go to
something called a father and daughter
date with at schools are doing that
first it's like Hollywood theme so it's
gonna be a red carpet and we're just
getting ready I hope you like makeup
this blush was my mom's but this right
here is glass but it was my makeup today
yeah but it differently Wow and it's
just like putting this like in how it is
right now and we're going like curls the
bottom of it okay I hope you guys like
I'll say that what it did but so Oh what
do you think do you like it
I think you know it's really fabulous
well thank you very much you know not
that I was trying to get ready for the
ball drop just elastic headbands and
baby tard you just go woke up from a nap
and she's gonna do her heard she's doing
my hair just like mine and I look
fabulous for the mother I've done it I
was in Mother's no oh okay sure -
paparazzi all right we're getting ready
to on the red carpet you ready ladies
ready
paparazzi picture you ready baby card
okay we're about to our picture taken on
the bank okay here we are on the red
carpet paparazzi is about to snap a shot
you guys better have some good interview
questions I'm about to be interviewed
right here you ready
yo my name is bug eyes I run all
security for these glamorous ladies on
every red carpet
tell me about your movie coming out with
Brad Pitt don't you remember
and then we danced the night away
daddy performing the Running Man Roger
Rabbit and probably some of the coolest
dance moves on the dance floor's and
Stan's was even invented the girls
thought dad is the coolest dad of all
the dads that were ever worried dad and
daddy dad dad daddy yo check out
yesterday's vlog one year two years
three years in the middle please please
mmm click on the mystery video I'm
telling you right now it's the podcast
100th episode it's over an hour long it
went off really well let me know what
you guys think about it I thought it
looked good I thought it was fun
please go check it out it was fun and I
shaved my beard do you think I look
weird I woke up this morning I looked at
myself in the mirror a lot Oh weirdo
without my beard oh all right let's see
you guys tomorrow for one take Sunday
