Oh
who's that Zeke who's that that who's
that
yeah I caught you I caught you barking
at yourself you silly head
your joke Ellie he's in a really fun
stage where he barks to himself in
mirrors and he likes trips over his own
feet and he's so silly but he's also in
a super annoying stage where I choose on
everything everything that he can get
his teeth around he will chew on ha now
you're eating rocked hearts blanket I
don't think he appreciates that the
other really awesome funny thing that
I've noticed is that rock-trac can
totally hold his own he will tackle Zeke
and he will like pin him down it makes
me so excited to see them becoming best
friends and knowing that rock cards not
gonna put up with any crap because a lot
of times like baby tard will just sit
there be like yeah no no when he's like
client trying to play with her but rock
hard just plays right back and he
rustles into the ground it's so funny oh
now you got sent hard shoe oh my
goodness that's what your letter show
you a little anger your stinker and I
buy him all these bones and he doesn't
seem to care about the bones he just
wants to on everything else you you
puppy you're such a bubbly I love you I
love you ah - bite me I'm loving you
just love me back
just love me back cuz later dude go back
at yourself in the mirror again when he
come on come on
Oh mom you're so boring - annoying
so guys I wanted to tell you about my
field trip who was awesome we went to
the Bayona wetlands we went to four
stations and it was so pretty a first
station we went to we had our like our
own pairs of binoculars and we would
look for like really cool and pretty
birds like certain ones with our
binoculars we saw Steele and the ocean
is awesome and then we went to another
station and told out introduce plants
that day go to the bio no wetlands cuz
they only want the native plants there
so we pulled the plants out and then and
then um I got a I performed a pathology
boom don't I'm sick I'm sorry yeah and
then the third station was awesome Young
had these little microscopes I couldn't
see really tiny vlog fail we're down
here bro bro down here baby like super
tiny and we looked through those got it
that's right and we looked at organisms
and snails and he also saw the egg and
the pupae well pupae and the larvae of
the mosquito which was cool the last
station forgot where it was I think
that's all yeah it's pretty much it and
we had a really great time it was so
cool I even spied three red hawks three
red-tailed Hawks in it and then I saw a
snowy white egret surprisingly I was
getting all the questions I was the only
one raising my hand yes a lot studying
paid off
oh snap we got a study bragger on our
hands so I had great time
it was fun sir Brock tard
don't touch my hey whoa
wait um what are you I thought he was
touching his wiener all right he's just
grabbing his skin like what are you crab
in there weirdo face he's two guys
playing nice
what Oh ouchie mom I saw the band-aid
yesterday didn't realize it was so
severe you might need a tourniquet for
that oh yeah get him a double leg lock
dawg double leg lock that was good
tag-team em it's rock tart and Zeke face
against center run run oh he got away
just in the nick of time
get him Zeke go get him okay who came
down oh wait oh he's kind of big I'm
scared outside outside outside outside
that you guys saw real time how we're
trying to train Zeke we just say outside
outside outside did he get out a lot you
do that to us - you said to me outside
outside
what are we doing centaur tell him
calling grandpa Carl so he could tell
him how to get ready for a big fat lady
hey happy birthday dad thank you
he was yelling because he sent you a
present but the FedEx didn't ship it
fast enough so he was complaining about
their customer service yes he was angry
about that he said that he that
brand-new bull elk was supposed to be
delivered yesterday but it didn't show
up what are you doing for your birthday
and the hands spot there we could just
cut your legs for shoving her face but
it's more fun to just you know hold our
lettuce right ahead of your busy time my
salad
okay come here we gone wrong
notes on your shoes I'm roll we're two
guys quarreling we can see you hi there
okay you guys what do you think about
this for sure design Sun tire shirt
design you what do you think you like it
you change anything you look mean what
what would you change
we got some football wear what do mean I
care hold the football yeah okay yes I
like it it's a good note what do you
think will happen hold the football
however you should limited himself
through tonight what about that we just
think I was gonna do I only got a hip
thing you can mommy Turner took it and
then here's the shame on the outside set
baby it's so cute
so from Rodeo arcade they don't you guys
don't get one sorry oh sorry is they
haven't drawn years yet they haven't Jon
years had just done these three they
wanted us to give notes on and tell if
we like him
um what do you think he is like this I
like a loop tell us your true opinions I
respond but I want to wait and see what
you guys say what do you tell them right
now well I just thought the color of my
clothes should be just like my pants I
never wear white pants why would I wear
white pants one questions is write your
secret fetish that's why you told them
make sure my head especially when she's
wearing a black Jesus what okay I don't
know what you're ever shut out you're
naughty and you must bet she doesn't
wear that right closet vlog closet vlog
so I'm up late editing the vlog for
tomorrow which is today for you because
we have to wake up early to go to our
show the hundredth episode 100 episodes
of when the kids go to sleep the set was
really impressive
we went there today for the rehearsal
and I'm really like wow this is a real
legit set it I have those moments in
this career that we have stumbled upon
where I see what we're doing and it's
like I pause for a moment and just like
wow this is our life this is our job
there's gonna be like five cameras like
a five camera shoot it's a legitimate TV
show except for we're just doing it a
pod
on YouTube so that's tomorrow if you
missed it you can watch it live links
below to our podcast channel please go
subscribe when the kids go to sleep we
do it twice a week you can go subscribe
links below and you can go watch our
hundredth episode it was really cool
also a quick update about the
documentary I just talked to Corey Vidal
him and his team will be here in La
March 4th and we start filming March 5th
I promise you this weekend I will send
out the first newsletter if you donated
to the documentary you will get your
first news with a newsletter this
weekend what I'm probably going to do
because I suck at typing and sending
emails I'm probably just gonna make a
video unlisted and send it to you guys
so you'll have the link and I'll be all
unlisted so only the people with the
link will see it so if you donate it
you're going to get an extra video this
weekend giving you all the details about
the documentary but for everybody else
we will start filming March 5th which is
coming in two weeks which will be the
end of year four of the Shaytards vlogs
my 33rd birthday and day one of year
five of the Shaytards vlogs and we
actually have a pretty big announcement
on that day you'll have to wait and see
but that's coming so hope you guys had a
great day
smile go on do this tonight I hope we'll
see you guys tomorrow
I'm not gonna do an end slide you know
what to do one two three in the middle
you can see we're doing one year ago to
think about we have to change the in
slate to a four your button there's
gonna be a day coming in two weeks where
we will be able to see what was I doing
on this exact day four years ago four
years of my life all documented where's
the time gone what have you done in the
last four years we've been together some
of us Wow crazy even if you joined us
yesterday I love you
welcome to the family
you
