if you only knew the power of the dark
side
four three two one time a baby princess
rocket a Sun turd
yeah they got family a fun toy they buy
good morning I am being chased by a
puppy a puppy hey come on come on you
can't get me you can't get me I'm
running backwards I'm back relax who's
that
what's that top rock face McGillicuddy
there's no Rock plays McGillicuddy whoa
get him get him get him
zeeky zeeky oh don't hey no that's a
no-no go give him a hug and tell him
you're sorry Rock tart hey you hug the
puppy tell him you're sorry
no hitting okay there's no hitting
allowed they have a love-hate
relationship yeah they get after each
other every once in a while give him the
kisses you have to have a serious talk
with rock face
Zeke's Levin it out here he loves only
come down here this little play area
puppy cam puppy cam puppy Kim mr. puppy
camp we only booked Kim what's going on
everybody down no one pup Kim just
checking out smelling smells looking to
birds it smell another dog's pee ooh
gross listen people pick up your dog's
crap when you come out on the grass I'm
gonna analyze that feces and figure out
what species of dog it is and then I'm
gonna find out on the dog registry at
this apartment complex I'm gonna come
find you and your apartment I'm gonna
yell at you and throw this poo in your
face stomp it yeah that's right you show
that palm leave stomp him Oh
go kill try stop one but it's that rock
card is that cool it's like a ski dude
you'd sit on like a ski go run puppy
baby raise puppy baby race Zeke he's
beaten yeah he's beaten yeah
hurry Rock chart run oh no you give him
a head start
run rock hard he's beaten you oh now the
puppies in the lead slow and steady wins
the race here comes Rock chart around
the back stretch he's really burnin in
the rubber now here we go was always
gonna pass him on the right side oh he
takes a detour to look at a rock oh dude
you almost had that race won well duh
this is some cool obsidian over here you
got to check out the geology of the play
yeah and I'm sniffing this tree I'm
looking to pee on it so I can't be
racing right now hold on give us a
second dad
hey wait let me see let me see whoa come
show that to me that's a big one
okay chuck it in that Bush that Bush
that looks like it needs a rock chucked
in it yeah that's right show that Bush
marks get set go
go rock guard here they come out of the
back stretch you're doing a zigzag front
run run
how they get sidetracked so easily
there's so much stuff to smell and see
all right I like to bring them down here
in the mornings and play before the day
starts I got to go to a shoot today so
I'm gonna try to go for a run and then
go to my shoot this is always the hard
part about going to pick up the kids
when Shane is already gone
oh well we are headed to a chez Baird
shoot and it's gonna be awesome I'm
excited I don't even know what we're
gonna do it's coming I know you guys
have been waiting a long long time for
Shea Barrett but it's here and that's
where we're headed right now so we gotta
go get the kids
rock guitar do you want to come with me
go pick up the kids no should we just
leave them at school oh I'd love you
let's go
I'll help baby time how was your day at
school today
give me this really cute picture isn't
it adorable what else did you do besides
draw me a picture did you learn about
anything cool are you talking like that
today
we were tossing necklace Frank Sam's
walking wait I can't hear you leave this
trap I'm sorry dude
was it bleeding yeah I'll kiss it better
sometimes mom's kisses don't even work
tomorrow
field ship filled trip awesome with that
are those know you love to sign karate
exercise or injustice I'd go through
which deals just aren't Steven Jackson
ultra school my goodness you are so
ultrasound right now so ultra signed
right now well maybe you could give on
your sister cuz look she got an owie
you got to work hard for those ultra
signs alright let's go to this shoot
okay baby tard sorry that we so rudely
interrupted you what were you saying
Oh your little boyfriend games then see
what it is noon aunty said but I'll tell
you there is little point
oh so well that was very thoughtful of
him what are you gonna do with it now
well don't ever wash your jacket now
that it's in your pocket look at that
little sassy more frothy what are you
doing you kids are so strange I tell you
what hey we're here let's see if they've
started anything that's a sign that
they're in there cuz that would be if
they were doing it laughs that's it
they're film obi-wan Kenobi you look
strangely like my husband
let's sort by what so I am shooting a
obi-wan Kenobi thing come here I'll show
you real quick
Oh for Samak bronies channel it's coming
out March really cool
Remi we need an exacto are you going to
like how do you make the lights a right
yeah you're not gonna use it
oh come a little bit cool Yeah
right there princess turn oh man I just
turned on the camera just throwing
babies
I know right she's your the butterfly
stroke it looks super cool against the
white background get a rock guard
Kinnard fall battle axe fight to the
death
oh no Roger she got you oh oh she got
you you're dying you're not dying bro
okay your leg though this is gruesome
grow some up she cut your kidneys open
dude you have a lot of internal bleeding
going on right now and you're not even
showing signs fight merely a flesh wound
all right a van all finished shooting
hat maker studios and now I'm headed to
pick up Qasim to go to this Oscar party
there was some Oscar party that we're
supposed to go at I don't know what it's
for I hope there's good hors d'oeuvres
though because I love hors d'oeuvres
little mini munchies that you can just
knock so I don't know when che beards
gonna come out it's soon I'm talking
within a month I don't want to give you
a day because I've given you guys a day
but what I was shooting today are che
beard promos that are probably gonna run
us like pre-roll ads on YouTube to like
promote che beard but it's exciting I've
seen eight episodes and I love it so
we're headed to this party super swanky
hey look ten times better than this guy
over here
people you have a vest I've always been
a vest guy I'm jealous
this is my one suit I've already worn I
wore it to the Charles Trippy wedding I
wore it nobody remembers Paris I try and
wear with like sometimes tie sometimes
no ties sometimes the three-piece
sometimes no peace sometimes I go just
name zero P no I wore tie tonight I was
almost out the door without a tie but my
coat isn't as nice as yours so I figured
the tie would dress it up a little bit
it's like an Oscar party if you didn't
even iron your shirt I know that's why
I'm half a coat I have a coat back there
it reflects more about your personality
of your overall pity what else are you
I'm covering things up I'm covering
things yeah that's the worst thing about
editing these vlogs is getting annoyed
with yourself for saying the same little
speech things over and over but it makes
you better anyways I know because I
become self-conscious of it or like what
I'm telling a story it's almost
impossible for me not to say like and
then like and I feel like a 16 year old
girl you look like such a Mormon right
now I do I'm elder Butler to you people
the beards too big now I know I'm
shaving it
I finished my I finished my email to
some facility I have an idea for a beard
shaving video can't wait for you to
sucker the people in their gross beard I
always shave my first one I was gonna
send it around like a little you know
those dolls they send around like take a
picture with it next to the Eiffel Tower
or next to the Great Wall of China and
just send it all over do not want to
even converse with the people that would
be interested in taking part of that
dude that is not true the guy who got my
beard at a raffle for the project for
awesome was the legit dude the Duda
manages like 50 ambulances up in
Northern California cool guy
he has my beer to hunt this man tells
our YouTube channel to be coming cuz
he's an ambulance director a truck Sam
who texted me ok bye we're driving to
the party Oh
Here I am straight Carl on the red
carpet here at the where we are four
seasons in Beverly Hills check it out we
came to this it's called the wrap
covering Hollywood and FileMaker studios
sponsored part of the party and it's
really nice classy enjoying here that
was fun
I met a lot of cool people and had some
delicious hors d'oeuvres they had these
like lamb chop things and they brought
them around like you just grab the stick
and there's like this green jelly on the
lamb chop you just did it off as tender
and I had probably six of them I'm not
even over exaggerating I've probably had
six of these like lamb chop hors
d'oeuvres they were delicious fun party
good food good times I hope your kids
are still awake ain't gonna come home
late kids are already asleep I just went
to a red carpet party you want to see my
birthday suit I think he's asleep
those guys how long ago are they still
awake possibly they out rats what is
this on my desk oh you did I love you
dad thank you for teaching me about life
I do teach you about life thank you for
caring for me he did he's such a soft
hearted young man I don't love him I
love my boy he's a good boy go kiss
someone care if he's asleep I can get my
sleep kiss all right well I want to make
out with her and eat a bowl of raisin
bread that's what I do on a Thursday
night see you guys tomorrow is it
Thursday night this Wednesday it's
Wednesday always ruin everything
bye hey guys check out our brand-new set
for when the kids go to sleep 100th
episode of our podcast tomorrow they've
been working on it all week it's gonna
be a brand-new set it's so cool I can't
wait tune in tomorrow at 12 p.m. noon
Pacific Standard Time we're gonna be
live on YouTube at youtube.com slash
when the kids go to sleep if you're not
there you can't make it I totally
understand if you want to skip work or
school whatever shows how your
priorities are totally out of whack
anyways
dang yeah I said anyways no castings
gonna count that it will be live on
YouTube if you can't make it to the live
show but it's gonna be fun or more fun I
know father's not a word but I invented
more fun funner it's fun or if you're
gonna be there at the live show so if
you can make it come be there with us
it'll be fun we'll be reading your
questions live from Twitter and we're
gonna have Kassem G Timothy DeLaGhetto
and special musical guests walk off the
earth so check that out tomorrow Friday
February 22nd come hang out with us it's
gonna be a lot of fun check out
yesterday's vlog one two three in the
middle and check out the mystery video
love you guys see you two mock roll
