four three two one tarp a baby princess
rocket a Sun heart yet they are a family
of fun torque
they are by their favorite song oh wait
hi would you hi I scare you
a little bit dang I heard I heard
something so I was like it's either
zeker said dang it I was expecting
something rocked hard I wasn't sneaky
enough what's going on the pair sorry
nobody shaking like booty shake and I'm
quite the fan of it oh wow doing
something someone on there do that move
I wanna see that move come on Dawg you
later to have your workout look what I
got you guys look at this new toy I
bought myself I don't think we have yet
well I haven't showed them this is our
upstairs loft area this is where Callie
and her band stayed while they were here
of course you can do the bar
sundar can do the bar you better be able
to do the bar you're in trouble go ten
times that's 45 pounds two three push it
out four we have a little burrito baby
over here
oh yeah go move your bike we don't have
very much room up here but this is our
little guest room slash workout room
it's our little gym yeah I got this the
other day so I can get strong muscles
here three you look great come here I'm
gonna make you a real burrito baby ready
oh man brought tag you're in for it have
you been a burrito yet roast your side
have you been vetoed yet today gave me
put his head out a little bit more yes
so much but nice at me
that's adorable
look down grab the burrito the legs he's
falling out
Oh No what up you're slipping you're
looking oh yeah daddy I'm you get out
here sorry no baby
well is that bad burrito again come here
let's see you do some bench press okay
you ready here daddy will spot you okay
ready little man okay put your arms up
time to pump ready oh my gosh you're so
cute grab on tight
ready go down now push one ah push -
damn boy Oh strong push ah push push
push
is is really sure listen a lot of you JA
job okay I want three sets of those all
right now go stretch okay dad do you
know he's been hurting all morning
he's been shoving toys down this hole
and trying to get them out come here you
wanna do some bicep curls come to these
come over here dad illustrate I do some
bicep curls you want big arms like Mad
Men does that man's that big biceps bro
that man's got big biceps broke say that
five times fast that man's got big
biceps bro that man's - a bicep throw
that's got big bull dishes vices bro
that man had thick by Deborah Shia okay
you ready
here we go grab right here grab right
here ready whoa oh you're so a cop
you know like that yeah - three too much
work dad here let's do some date advice
Mauri on the couch there on the couch 1
2 3
Wow dad I think he's done working out
with that when we got with mom
mine's more fun real little rock and
roll iou's yeah he just picked a fight
with Daddy threw this at him a sprite
can no I don't drink
Oh a sprint I love this you guys ever
tried these they're disgusting love you
love not demands I'm gonna shave my
beard soon you are also shoot my shame
today soon maybe tomorrow I catch you
tonight I'm going to shoot shave beard
promos today you guys so Shea beard the
cartoons coming out soon and I'm gonna
be obi-wan Kenobi in a scent macaroni
shoot no way so I'm gonna use this beard
the last few times and I'm gonna shave
it careful dude it's getting out of hand
I think that you've had it longer for
sure yeah it's been a couple months I
started no-shave November yep so it's
been November December January it's
almost with four months that's crazy
I can't believe it's almost been four
months already it's beastly bear
basically bared all right love you see
that beard ah what you doing little man
you're just sitting all the way out here
in the playground all the other kids are
but he just wanted to play by himself
over here where are we going sometimes
he's definitely got a plan in his mind
nobody else knows what it is I think
it's so adorable to try to figure it out
hey little man where you going I don't
know so I'd like to be able to tell you
that I have something really super
interesting and awesome to talk about
but I really don't wanna truth is
sometimes my day is just like this a
little bit boring just a little bit
boring but you know what I like it I'm
happy with it I like being a mom and
just taking my kids to school and
cleaning house and it's just it's what
brings me joy right but sometimes it's a
little bit boring rock-and-roll iou's
what are you doing oh I need a stick you
have a stick and now I need a stick what
are we gonna do with our sticks oh yeah
yeah yeah this is not boring at all this
is awesome oh I won oh man I didn't even
know I was good at this game I beat you
oh how do I bring you back to life I
don't like when you're dead
yeah yeah
be careful the last time you did that
you fell on your head twice Bible later
oh my goodness rock hard is offending
everybody here at the play he's just
going around on his little bike and any
time any kid says hello to him he
screams at him he is so antisocial I
don't know why his Tillich he does not
like when people talk to him he give him
that little flare like you know it's
crunches up his nose and he just glares
and then he yells oh you look so cute
today so what is this o my savage is
dicey a little toe poked it out that
little piggy go to the market maybe you
should pick up some new shoes while he's
at the market jeepers I'm impressed you
really worn those down baby a lot of
people at school said you need to get
new shoes do they think you're a scumbag
do they think that we're poor and we're
white trash oh don't kick me with your
big toe no that's why they're worn out
she kicked there we need to provide for
these children honey we do those are her
favorite pair well let's throw them out
while we get some new ones let me see
just like these you really think through
the ringer who has shoes like that dude
I remember oh yeah we didn't make it I
did I assessors and you didn't want to
throw them away
sure I do too I had a pair of shoes like
that that my mom had to sneak and throw
away and I yelled her I was so mad so
why'd you throw those away they stunk
and had holes and like those are my
favorite shoes and I wouldn't dug them
out of the garbage can and Wharram for
two more weeks
I didn't tell she took me to buy a pair
of shoes that I really liked I was like
I if you give me these I'll throw the
other ones away so then she bought me
the new shoes and I threw my shoes were
they they're just like the cool shoes
sneakers yeah cool shoes bro well I
think they were British nights honestly
really my dad went to Korea because he
was in the military and he you can't get
those anywhere and he got like this
really good deal because that's where
they make a lot of the shoes so you got
him for like ten
looks but I really really liked him a
decays bro well I have my favorite shoes
they are converse what'd you do with
them he grew up and then like they
started getting holes in them on the
sides and then one of them had like a
really big hole for just hard going with
what I said yesterday in the vlog
you got some dirt on your face bro don't
even need dirt in the playground huh
dude c-czar is gonna see your dirty face
what's your reason I played dodgeball
today after school
oh you getting dirty when you play
dodgeball dirty down ball dirty dogs
ball ball a lot of Brotherly loves fair
square fair and square
that was fair that you bet your nose hey
little Zeki a lot of love here a lot of
brotherly love
Posey Rock chart is definitely going to
show him who's boss but guess who's
gonna grow faster than you rock hard ha
ha this is gonna be bigger than you in a
couple months
yep this little one why are you laughing
like that hey did you do it you throw
the way already
you told me to what are you gonna wear
to go buy some new ins weird shoes ha ha
ha that's doing here but I use this to
scrub the poop off the balcony last
night so wash the dishes with this you
should have toasted it out yeah my I
scrubbed it I put a lot of hot water and
soap and scrubbed it clean this is my
poop scrubbing brush yeah dude to
your smell
no okay look at my noble steed at my
feet oh hey guys
check it out our 100th episode one year
there when kids go to sleep is this
Friday February 22nd at 12 p.m. Pacific
Standard Time 3 p.m. Eastern Standard
Time that's on the East Coast but
everybody know that the West Coast is
the Best Coast you're gonna have a
special guests Kassem G Timothy
DeLaGhetto and musical guest block walk
walk walk off the earth what walk the
earth off the earth
I am line studio I can't believe they're
coming I'm excited well it's won't so be
here live right here on when the kids go
to sleep youtube.com slash when the kids
go to sleep for our 100th live show it
sound amazing we have a whole studio
that we built out it's not going to be
here we have a special studio built out
just for this our 100th episode might be
sure to do it just for this they did
specially and it's going to be an hour
long episode one our tuned don't skip
school but skip school call in sick to
work tie your kids up wait right there
don't miss it it's gonna be a huge show
we're going legit people it's awesome
check it out 100th episode we'll see you
there
I mean so much making out I bet you I
may be with Cassim you and Captain I do
like to kiss Qasim can you believe that
we've already done a hundred episodes of
our podcast when the kids go to sleep
this Friday coming in like two days
February 22nd at 12 p.m. Pacific
Standard Time we're gonna have our 100th
show with special guests as Kassem G
Timothy DeLaGhetto and musical guest
walk off the earth I'm so excited to
have him on we're going to talk about
Gianni and Sara's new baby that's coming
I'm so excited for that and we really do
have a brand new stage I went and saw
the sign last night that they made for
it it lights up it's really cool where
it's gonna be like a three camera shoot
and it's gonna be live live on YouTube
at when the kids go to sleep youtube.com
slash when the kids go to sleep
live at 12 noon pacific standard time
and of course
course if you can't make it there alive
then it'll be there you know later on
and we'll live on the Internet forever
don't worry about that but be there if
you can you can make it tomorrow Friday
come to the show it's gonna be really
cool of course check out yesterday's
vlog what the Shaytards were doing one
year ago two years ago in three years
ago and if you want to watch a mystery
video click do that right click Oh name
is Ravina see you guys tomorrow
