hi I'm login here hey guys we're here at
the podcast and we're here with the blog
T beers hi Blanca beers right behind you
pick my nose what I have a packet that's
gross
I pick my nose all the time oh oh not
name what's a few boogers with true love
when you have true love look every side
of your soul make or break us hi Shay
what and you know you feel like you guys
know I'm not what I feel like you need
to hold the camera look glad boogers
uh-uh yes I don't see him you know when
I feel like you have a booger and you're
like ah and it's like an important event
last night I'm in case you want to like
shove your finger up your nose and you
can and it's like should I just commit
to this and go after right now or so I
just try to hide it me in case and we
were pulling into the streamys last
night he's like check my nose and I was
checking his nose and then he checked
mine but it's like you know when you're
like talking to somebody no pervert you
feel like man do I have a booger but you
but you don't but it just feels like you
do don't you hate that and you're like
it's embarrassing and then do you tell
people like if you notice that somebody
has something in their teeth that's a
good question
do you tell people or do you like I
don't want to embarrass them because
think if you don't say anything and they
have something their teeth and you don't
say anything they're gonna go talk to a
bunch of other people and then all those
people are gonna see that thing so I
think that's the kind thing to do if you
see somebody has something their teeth
should be like oh you actually got
something right here so they can get it
out so they're not embarrassed in front
of all those other people and they'll
probably grateful that you told them
because then if they go home and they
look at themselves in the mirror later
that night they're like oh a something
my teeth I talked to a hundred people
the night what everybody down they had
such a scumbag so you should tell him
you should be brave and take that step
what you clogged my pain I didn't put
anything in the toilet I swear over you
guys let me hold on radical be right
back
I promise I just went peepee my pee pee
is just water is it really yeah let's go
look
really their sizes for them oh yeah that
site so that thing I didn't take a dump
or just breaking this pretend it's not
on well I don't know and if you survive
Carlene go back a couple steps then the
cars were running for me they won't
listen can you realize this California I
would do that but neither sister thing
yeah why did you tell me Davin
the girls are playing phones and Sun
tarde called Braley and some really had
to put prints to start on hold and then
such hard invited her to lunch
and so that Braley said I'm going to
come to lunch with you and then Princess
hard was angry that she put that Braley
put her on hold and said how do you know
that boy and then release I know him
from high school so they're playing
phones it's kind of funny but I turned
the camera on too late so he hasn't been
there rats
what a crazy awesome weekend we had this
weekend I loved it we had my sister's
here my sister Candace here with her
little family and Callie here with her
band I get to go to Kelly's show get rid
of the streamys it was presidents
we got to go out to lunch with everybody
and like whoa was that really only one
weekend I just had one of those moments
where I dropped the girls off at
gymnastics and I was sitting in the car
like finishing some emails on my phone I
believe and I don't know with you women
have ever done this before but I fell
asleep a little bit like on my eyes like
you know like this and my eyelashes when
I woke up or dented an l-shape in my
eyelashes I know you guys have done this
before if you're a woman and you wear
mascara man and you wear mascara I mean
more power to you
Amen girlfriend I'm gonna blast those
lashes mm-hmm your husband's not
something to they've got a balance
she'll get it maybe even just a weakness
couple more week she's gonna have it
down that's one thing about princes try
that she definitely got some shades for
will and determination to get something
when she wants to get something
accomplished she's gonna work and work
and work to get it done she has a little
bit of my trait and the fact that she
kind of gets frustrated easily and I do
that as well I've had to learn to
control that and shoe it as well so
sorry Prince to start forgiving him a
bad trait cooling off but it's good
she's so determined super assertive and
it determines gonna get it though and I
do a comparison I just realized I have a
sale looking for my shoulder you could
say something to everybody
ah we want to Jason I guess he has
nothing to say
rocked hard where's the bad guys yeah oh
no okay get the bad guys who's the
damsel in distress
who's your dancing in distress trap card
oh no this looks like a new idea oh no
no no that's a bad idea
oh he's got himself with tomato shooter
yeah how are you gonna do with it kind
of laughs laughs you got a blow there
you go try it again
okay all the things we learn how to do
thanks centaur have been a super helpful
big brother
do it again do it again big blue blue
dude it's not a flute or an oboe or
whatever but your dad played the oboe no
clarinet I don't think anybody's gonna
eat that I don't know I know that I'm
finished he's got it he's got it okay
nope turn it around turn it around all
right bad examples
should I get my child off the table and
not let him play with objects from the
wait gym upstairs yeah not tonight
we're having I want to see if he can get
it okay rocked are try again remember
try to do it rock talk try again put the
animate away do it okay hey try it again
you cut it below it's tomato shooting
with the Shaytards get your tomato
shooters out kids son tard come here
dude you're in trouble people from
yesterday's vlog or saying that you
cheated and that you broke your promise
and you ate sugar they saw you they saw
you eating a popsicle what's that all
about
it's sugar free show me prove it you
sure they're free okay Lonnie tired got
this cuz centaur couldn't have any of
the fun stuff so she got some sugar free
popsicles isn't that nice to her so what
are they made out of then you don't
carry just shove it in your mouth how
come you don't ever give me any sugar
free treat mommy I want a sugar-free
treat I'm your fifth lorne baby oh think
about this actually he's our sixth morn
baby
if Malachi was the first she did not
give birth to this dog no you can't it's
bedtime
and you have school tomorrow mom said no
bro there's no buts you hear you hey I
did it and I did it when session was
here she's an after-lunch pick it up
okay who's in charge mom recessed this
trash I let me shake your free tree or
I'll have a sugar treat oh yeah that's
those delicious I better lick my shop
see me wagging my tail that means I'm
happy for sugar free trees hey fat boy I
want to get me a tree I'm a macho fuck
about your book burger what's up bro
no dude it's nighttime it's good
what's all with this you said you guys
like hold everything we ever said to
like you remember remember you said what
did I say like I think it was on the
shoe thing no it really was it was like
a dare two days ago and you said that if
we cleans the house which we did make it
go sort on Monday it's not Monday it is
it is it's Tuesday for these people so
no excuse to get the house clean we have
to do things you're the worst
meanest long what are you doing up there
lupus what are you doing up there towel
head jump down here I'll catch you no
don't
that's that's far beyond you look like
your mom she kind of looks like you jump
you're hot you're pretty baby well I'm
Suzanne now you're stuck up now I'm
super cigarette hmm okay so watch this
new move that princess heart is working
on in gymnastics what are you doing
buddy you just like laying down for an
evening nap don't look at me dad trying
to have some alone quiet time get a bite
of item part vitam hard till I screams
make him feel good
stop it mom okay so for starters we're
about a new move at gymnastics check it
out
don't jump remember him you got a lean
it's all about leaning and balancing you
watch me ready watch me it's all that
string oh that was pretty good can you
do it faster pretty good the idea is to
do it slow and steady okay
we come on your turn oh no it's my turn
everybody watch me watch me
Oh Papa baby's in the way the rock the
bottom I didn't even see it good okay
maybe tried to show us it wasn't meant
to be have you noted oh my goodness
puppies and babies mothers and babies
okay I'm watching wait who's in the
house
the chaos good job babe
you did it kind of precious heart watch
me watch well puppies and babies above
is insane
what do you mad at oh goodness
the chaos that is the Shaytards watch
right you guys everybody is watching for
five seconds I'm gonna get it here we go
not bad oh we're go hi yeah okay three
jumps they all read scriptures and say
prayers go to bed ready who's first the
first you see we didn't edit anything
that's pretty want to jump or charai hi
hello
Oh who's not prepared for that one my
shoe don't Batman Batman
Oh
yeah what did you mean three jobs each
yeah one to my daring to pinky's head
thanks for checking out my handstand
turning tomorrow I will work on my next
trick shut up I'm ending the vlog love
you guys see you tomorrow do you guys
realize that in 15 days from now a
little over two weeks we are gonna hit
our four-year daily vlogging mark I'm
gonna be 33 years old and we are gonna
start filming on the documentary crazy
times ahead I really love going back to
the one two and three year ago buttons
and watching what we were doing all
those years ago and different time
periods of our lives and living in
different places it's such a cool
experience to see where we've come from
and where we're going it's exciting and
it's the ultimate journal really I've
been lately thinking I need to write my
journal but these videos are totally
acting as a journal for our lives it's
been exciting to be a part of this and
have all of you along for the ride check
it out fifteen days and we're gonna hit
that four year mark together for those
of you who have been with us the whole
time we love you more than you'll ever
know check out yesterday's vlog we had a
great time at the streamys Sun tart has
been playing Vanilla Ice non-stop since
seeing that vlog and hearing me sing Ice
Ice Baby and then I'm gonna find a
secret mystery video
from the vaults of the shaycarl catalog
click on the feelin lucky button and
we'll see your lovely faces tomorrow
