today is the first work date a really
long time that we can come to the
beaches okay goodness you already found
the sand dollar that's awesome good job
where's the baby so cute it's so funny
we were worried it was gonna be cold so
we have like jackets or the stuff that
it is actually super nice so thank you
California for bringing the Sun away
from the wave it's gonna get - wow look
at all these seashells you burped on the
King in the Sun like he grabs a handful
of sand takes it back
just trying to save this and throwing it
back in the ocean it's gonna take them a
few years but eventually he'll get all
the sand back of the ocean
silly goose egg baby's heart you lost
your body where did it go what we still
have your head it's still really cute
fun this I've found a baby turn I feel
like you're in a spa treatment a mud spa
treatments yep you might say that she
can't breathe then if you can't breathe
I got some problems but you're doing a
good job about keep this hand out of her
mouth
yeah like self
okay okay you ready to get out of there
dammit comer made oh I think I found
have our maid oh there she is
you're beautiful oh my gosh aerobic and
stand in her mouth
oh that arse mixed with austere phobic
but if no studies I've ever been buried
a fan like some wet cold bed feels
really good see yes
yeah you did a good job of the movement
we just happened on one amazing King
here at the beach oh my goodness that is
the coolest man will ever look he's like
how tall are you
five foot eight and his head is barely
like the top of it he is standing right
now believe it or not that's awesome
dude good job keep up the good work all
the way to China they have inspired the
Shaytards to make a hole is right
however we may have to leave before this
hole is deep
and I were just talking about how maybe
we should go shopping for next year we
got our dresses and like the
marketability doomed but guess what
nobody can tell and we look totally
fabulous
I was
trying to get a job TV hosting and house
on the same thing you know New York are
to hone your craft you got you get it
real together are you going on dishing
up for audition and finally they offer
the child Ryan Seacrest is it a kick to
the chin splurge online here are this
year's nominees for Best Coast
- trouble please
thank you thank you everyone that
watches the videos
love it or leave it
Oh
this guy is like the world record best
parkour expert and this is castle ng and
he's about to do a backflip off of it
back
parkour
oh wow he's gonna do her off his hand
now
you're right all right
hi five-foot-five nice do it when you do
a Harlem shake toddler style hit replay
on that button baby get up there Tatyana
you guys aren't toddlers get out of
there
hold toddlers only you cheating rock
tart tell me get out of there they're
not toddlers did you guys have fun
tonight
were you good precisely
don't repeat it Rob Sargon give up some
of the dance floor dude you're hogging
the dance floor tatianna tell him to get
his big fat butt out of your face here
girlfriend you let me help you down here
you got it come here
I got you I got you good job good job
rock-hard your dance floor hog watch him
let's hear that again let's hear that
one more time you guys this is a really
strong glass I know some of you are
freaking out he's safe dude don't be
booty poppin in the living room okay
nice move bro dude all Harlem shake no
sprinkler sprinkler I just got home from
the streamys it was a lot of fun really
cool I'm just uploading the one take for
today because we were at the streamys
all day and it was awesome if you
haven't seen it you can go watch it or
streaming style work it was an amazing
show it was really cool I was excited to
be there to present it was fun I talked
about it yesterday anyways we had a
blast it was a sweet show I hope you
guys watched it you still go watch it
have you missed it it was great it's
funny don't you think tell me we thought
and comments below I'm excited to read a
breeze comments I was trying it on
Twitter to read but I couldn't it was
just so crazy it's like coming down
after the the crazy adrenaline of it all
but it was awesome I was excited and
honored to be a part of it and I'm
excited for the future okay see you guys
tomorrow I love you bye
