Hey okay so remember this little thing I
said I would start doing four years ago
about making a video every day today is
a day of one of those days really going
to do that every day
big commitment I'm gonna do it so we
just got back from the streamys and I
uploaded a one-take Sunday while I was
at the streamys but it didn't go through
and I even cheated and got on their
Wi-Fi because the 3G was horrible but it
didn't go through it failed and I just
got a bunch of tweets saying where's the
vlog so we just literally stepped in the
door from the streamys all the kids were
hiding and they all jumped outside
surprised and it was a great night it
was fun baby tire don't say hi hi I'm
going to Bailey
happy to hang out I have a sequel thing
they don't have school tomorrow wife
these Presidents Day
yeah thank you George Lincoln George
Lincoln that's Abraham's brother Abraham
Washington and George Lincoln two of the
best presents and vice presidents I
don't know how I'm talking about
president de Tomaso the kids don't have
school so they're gonna go on a
sleepover but we do have podcast oh we
do
what a weekend a vacation cancel it
Collin cancel it there's rocks ours is
my pad Kaylee did you have fun at the
show what was your favorite moment
course who watched what which one dude I
sing every song it'll be in the vlog
tomorrow I sing every single words Ice
Ice Baby I pride myself on that and
listen side note you know the song we
says Shay with the gauge and vanilla
with the nine he actually says Shay when
I was a kid I wouldn't bought the tape
you know how you could to open the
covers and read the lyrics on the songs
it said sha Y spelled like I spell it
Shay with the gauge and I kick myself
because I didn't go backstage and say
vanilla mi the show you were referring
to that has the gauge because I do have
a gauge it's 12 12 gauge but maybe not
in that song so I was always proud as a
kid but I was in a vanilla ice um but
I'm sure isn't we know the record on
that I need to Wikipedia it who is the
che character that is rolling around
with
vanilla and his knife anyways we have
the band here we went to their show last
night Callie more music and the crew
check out this guy's videos I've kind of
point at you they're on tour right now
where'd you guys next show give yourself
shoutouts hurry tally
emotes we will actually Emeryville we're
playing a house concert do you want
people to come to your house Robert yes
please come to my house I'll meet you
tea
he'll make you tea they're having a show
in San Francisco tell em when it's the
1950s
that's this Tuesday 8:00 p.m. go to a
house literally it's at his house
it could be freaky if like a hundred of
you guys showed up the closet could be
called your wife's gonna hate you for
this by the way go see Callie are you
blog follow me bro
blog follow me sister go check them out
we went saw their show last night at the
Genghis Cohen poem this cool place in
Hollywood and they're on tour all over
check out I'll put a link below I
wouldn't check out their announcement
video for the tour is hilarious I'll put
a link to that you can see where else
you going Seattle we're going to
Portland for it for Lindsay annulled
Shawnigan Lake a CBC and then Kate
Harper in Washington if you live in any
of those areas check out the link below
alright go watch their show it's funny
so this one I want to take Sunday
everybody do something funny and cute
hurry that's a little creepy
we're watching oh oh I'm just supposed
to watch my whole bottle you guys this
is baby Kirk what is that you guys are
doing
yummy let's see better call me maybe and
then are you sucking your thumb
call me maybe okay girl yeah oh yeah
well we'll just take your word for it
baby turd boy and she has black hair and
she but she don't she doesn't her name's
Rwanda but she been fun but it's not
really pooping it's just melted
chocolate what are you talking about
what paint baby tar let me see your
dance go back there do your dance my
name is Roland okay let's see the net
that's it huh I don't know what they're
talking about maybe some of you guys in
the video no David Collette you look
pretty tonight
show him your outfit the one take that I
was gonna upload was showing them her
quit oh I thought your grabbing her
Tatas there may be on the min rabbin bro
look kids got me these last Mother's Day
nicely we need some Zeke tard footage
Zeke what do you think about the night
did you behave or do you go
oh say hi sake I trust you alright I'll
come watch in a minute I'm gonna say
goodbye to these guys crazy kids well it
was quite the show tonight I'm not sure
if you watched it or not it was
streaming live online if you missed it
you can still go watch it on my channel
actually uh that was really cool they
gave us the opportunity to stream it on
our channel so I you know youtube.com
slash shaycarl you guys know and then
you go to stream you said org it was a
great show I really had fun and I feel
motivated and excited to make more
videos like just being around all those
content creators which are my best
friends from the last four to five years
just everybody that was there it made me
sad that there wasn't more youtubers
like it was like the LA youtuber crowd
and I thought about all my friends that
are not in LA like Charles Trippy and
you know prank vs. prank and everybody
else that I wish was there but it was
cool it was it felt
like an exciting moment in this timeline
of this industry and of our lives it was
it was it was a well put on show by Dick
Clark Productions and the people at tube
filter and it was cool meeting everybody
I got to introduce my award with Ty
Pennington which was really cool because
I talked to him about construction a lot
of you know my story like that was what
I used to do I I talked to him about
granite countertops and that was kind of
cool because it was like I don't get to
talk about that stuff with people
because nobody knows like oh yeah let's
talk about granite countertops yay
but he's literally done construction
most of his life and so we were talking
about granite and he was talking about
how is you know lungs are kind of messed
up because of all of those houses that
they've torn down you know all that dust
and I was telling him like that's why I
kind of quit doing granite because all
that silica dust that I'd breathe in and
it wasn't good for he's like yeah those
things are heavy you was like lifted a
lot of heavy counter doesn't like you
know you understand so there's this cool
moment talking with Ty Pennington
backstage and we're just like the s and
like construction workers the essen you
know any man it was awesome and then it
was fun I got to present for Best host
with Cass and G and told boss groups
I didn't told busca Steny Tobuscus fans
out there did you like before the show
actually during the red carpet I told
Toby Turner I said hey I'm announcing
your names and I said give me your best
Tobuscus I only hear it like I wanted to
get it down so he gave me one of his top
Oscars so then I did it when I announced
name and then my good buddy Kassem G one
who was in the same category as Larry
King CNN you know world-renowned news
anchor and Larry King was in the same
category as chasm eyes tellin cosmic did
you ever imagine that you'd be up for
the same award as Larry King but Qasim
won and I kissed him on the lips which
is I guess a tradition now the past two
consecutive Streamy Awards I have kissed
men on the lips Chris Hardwick
thanks for no I'm going to bring it up
those of you saw the show um they told
me because my seat I was sitting in the
very front of the first to the show
but the producers they told me they said
okay at the opening of the show we want
you to suffer the very front because
Chris Hardwick is gonna like be talking
to you and like say something about you
we want to have you on camera and I
didn't know what it was from
I'm sure it's about that the streamys
from two years ago or whatever when me
and Ron ran up on stage so I told the
Caleta said gimme ur chapstick I want to
have like a little bit but that was
totally unplanned like I didn't know
what they were gonna do I just assumed
that he was gonna talk about that um if
you don't know what I'm talking about
I'm sure I wish you wouldn't remember
but uh what you think babe any comments
about the streamys it was fun love jobs
were 70% high percentage it eighty I
gave it 89% yeah I love that
Catherine G 1 over Larry King today I
was just hung on nothing against Larry
King I mean Eric ain't gonna find out
about this but I thought that was really
cool bit what were some other moments of
the show Vanilla Ice dude that one
absolutely loves voice avenues
performing oh I've got to meet voice
Avenue at the after-party you know the
best part of the whole streamys were the
little mini sliders lighter they had
these little C Hydra burners at the
after-party I had maybe six of them I
had maybe six of them they were
delicious
Oh anyways um it was kind of cool to see
Vanilla Ice because as a kid man I
listened to that tape over and over and
over again I literally had every words
that whole what'd they call it back then
tape memorized but it was cool Soulja
Boy do that brought back so many
memories those of you who know my my
history I used to be a radio DJ and I
used to do mobile you know DJ NAT dances
like high school junior high dances and
that was right when crank that was like
super hot and everybody was listening to
Soulja Boy and I used to play that song
like three times during the dance I
would play soldier boy crank that people
like yeah every dance the song and the
kids would always come up to me like
like as the DJ two or three times during
the dance a plate crank that again I'm
like I already played it I'm like just
play it again so it was crazy seeing him
there performing it live it was
interesting um but yeah it was really
cool to see all of my friends and be
part of that and this is the future
ladies and gentlemen the future of
entertainment and it's so cool to be a
part of it and have the freedom to
create whatever I want and whatever I
can think of and that after that seeing
that being at that show I feel motivated
to like
can go make cool stuff just like
whatever I can dream up whatever I can
imagine that I think would be cool to
see and I think would be entertaining I
can go out tomorrow and create that and
it's cool to think that's my job is to
create this entertainment and it's cool
to be a part of this you know thriving
industry that's you know it's really a
pioneering kind of movement anyways I'm
all like gung-ho and excited about
YouTube and about the internet space in
general so thanks for watching if you
guys watch if you haven't you can go
watch it I'll put a link below so
everything I've talked about one take
Sunday sorry it's so late we had a great
night it was a lot of fun what do you
guys think should I've got a different
jacket I wear this jacket at the AMAs I
got to retire it now I've done two red
carpets with this jacket I like it
though has elbow pads in case I have to
do an elbow drop right there boom boom
I'm padded I'm protected I got elbow
pads alright congratulations to all the
winners tonight um funny stuff man a lot
of funny moments go watch a show you'll
see probably I laughed the loudest as
when Harley from Epic Meal Time just
chucked the microphone on the ground
that cracked me up for some reason and
grace won twice she's hilarious
anyways it was fun okay okay thanks for
tuning in we'll see you tomorrow
