you're a regular
but you try
to be something we are
Oh
kind
Joe
well you're squishing him you can't win
every time
puppies and babies bring it back up here
I did get a fun fight oh please
all right dude get back in that ring get
back in that ring get him back in the
neck
be nice
frog dreads patented summers maybe I
should intervene but I can't help but
just laugh when I watch he's to fight
hey mommy he went to the shoot mommy's
not here they really do have a love-hate
relationship like every once in a while
we'll catch him like taking a nap
together plan but more often than not
they're beating each other up look he's
calling you on dude you gonna let him do
that he's calling you on for round three
Oh hurry God got on the bed oh he has
the upper advantage dude he has an
elevated position here going daddy to
help you here come here Rock chart come
here I'll help you I'll catapult you
onto the fighting arena he has an
elevated position dude he's not gonna
let you win he's King oh you got up
there good good job go do this ever
Zombo sever Safa hurry hurry puppies and
babies puppies of babies puppies and
babies puppies and babies explosion
bark Adam rock card say run get you
Oh got you shirt tag live hope he's hit
a pie yet fight him spit him oh geez Oh
neck bite do this is getting fresh Oh
tripped up on the blanket this may be
the funniest cutest footage I've ever
received
I don't know it had me received I been
captured oh he's getting down his
getaway oh he got away Ezekiel yeah I
dare you to come back up here oh you're
gonna make your first oh I'm going in
the gum pee on your bed do he's in your
bed you're gonna let him in there I
can't get down it's too scary you help
me whatever I just don't know get out of
my bed come on we made an agreement we
made a truce you ain't going my bed I
can't get out please
how do I do it how do I do it say go to
your kennel say kennel Timur my daddy to
help you
my daddy help you don't commute let me
grab you your Butthead don't get out or
not no you don't to get out okay fine
look there he is
theory is go get him go get him go get
him
hold on baby's back hard top oh oh I was
a good move
I've never seen that move before Oh get
him
I think maybe this is just the entire
vlog it's this hours and hours of this
Oh fight his kidney
fight his kidney way to move rocked hard
I was a good escape oh I got your head
I'll bite your head off
oh dang it he got away again Batman
repels off of the giant plateau in the
desert miss me that wasn't even close
loser come back up here I'll show you
who's tough hey you need sugar no you
know you don't throw some cereal yeah oh
that's what are you saying any cereal
okay come on okay let's go time for
cereal dropped hard can I please come in
he totally just kicked me out he dragged
me to the door pushed me out I said get
up and slam the door can I come in
oh no this boy's club home tell me
please can I come in yeah go away see
boys only rude fine I'll just go start
my own girls club later guys
losers Zeke I'm your friend
hey how are you little puppy little
puppy oh look they lock themselves in
now fullest ahead stretch stretch
stretch could I come in yet
can I come in my throat can I come in
oh my goodness no who do not come in
fine I'm just taking it nothing it's
here and super excited so Shay sent me
some flowers yesterday for Valentine's
Day and look yesterday they weren't
blooming the day they look beautiful
look at how much they bloom they're
gonna bloom even more so I'm super
excited to watch them grow and I love
the colors
those colors were actually the colors of
my flowers at our wedding I had red
roses and like that deep purplish blue
flower and I yeah so he remembered he
loves me and I also got another gift
just now in the mail and Shay's at a
meeting so I'm like should I wait for
him to open it but I think that you'd be
okay if I just opened right what dude
are you are you shirt as a belt you know
why sad yes oh that is so cool
that yeah okay weird Vicky's doing yeah
okay that's me someday he'll be able to
jump up there so we got to teach him not
to huh-huh okay can I open this I'm
gonna open it I'm pretty sure Shane
would be fine with me opening it you
have my box
it's my here hold the camera okay I'm
excited
what is it oh this is the cold pack with
the strawberry on cover strawberries hug
anyone right now
Thank You Shay I love you so much and I
love cashews
oh here they are look how I want to look
white chocolate covered one I like
there's not so I loved ones who yummy
sorry there's not taste of vision yet
someday in the future maybe they'll
invent it but for now these are mine
thanks babe
okay I'm gonna to go for a white
chocolate covered one first hmm
that's really good huh uh-huh I'm sorry
dude maybe we should have gone in the
other room you're doing a really good
job of sticking to your goal
are you so are you boy oh he's causing
ugly troubles puppy troubles puppy grub
ooh yeah yeah yeah what rock garden yeah
wait he's a bad boy what did he do what
is it he turned the light him he
dropped the light or whatever oh did you
see him he got the baby tart head chick
she got light Hey Oh yep yo Jake you're
so ferocious there sofa roast he's in a
biting phase where he likes to bite and
to things so I figure it's okay to let
him do it with this toy right how do you
teach a dog not to bite what do you guys
do to teach dogs not to buy I remember
as a kid we used to like smack him on
the nose but I kind of think that's me
Shane was saying that you like you know
you just grabbed their mouth and hold it
shut or you can like kind of when you
grab their mouth and like roll their lip
in a little bit so they feel their teeth
so then they stop I don't know what do
you guys think I'm up to suggestions how
ferocious little boy no no yes I know I
always make it this so they can't die
Adri I got in their mouth actually yeah
then they go they can't finish mmm
that's weird
but yes different I think that he would
just eat my hand oh yes you guys my
sister is in town and I know my sisters
are both in town I was like wait my
sister was in town yesterday my other
sisters in town I have lots of sisters I
have how many do we have one two three
four five five sisters
and two of them came to visit me Kali is
actually performing so she's been busy
practicing and performing and then
Candace is here with her girls yeah
hello I'm so excited you came to visit
me thank you
we're gonna do a lot of giggling you
guys know whenever I'm with my sisters
we get a lot
are you guys playing you're playing so
well together
yeah haha oh my goodness they're so cute
since you were literally a month apart
she's a month older than here they make
all the same little you know voice
thingies
yeah baby they have the same speech like
they understand each other we don't
always understand them but they clearly
understand what each other saying and
it's adorable
hey you guys on a date
you guys on a date that's watching a
Friday that movie yeah all right I'm
sorry I'll bug you I know Peter Pan's
important think happy thoughts because
oh my precious button is exploding Colet
hurry the precious meters off the charts
what do we do it's off the charts : I've
never seen it this high below my it's
just watch Peter Pan look this is
happening as precious oh oh wait he'll
interrupt the preciousness never
interrupt the preciousness okay so
Collett sisters in town and her daughter
has a Twitter and she has some Twitter
followers that wanted her to give them a
shout-out so um she has little signs a
little subliminal messaging that she's
gonna do to get her Twitter followers a
shout-out see but now it's nested it
wasn't no cuz he just pulled on us
Daniel
new idea there's something about
subliminal that you're not supposed to
blurt out I could remember what it was
and that's the data part that's
subliminal Amos watch our videos okay
good what is that that was a better day
that's true
- I cannot even pronounce Maggie
5:22 I can pronounce that what is that
one scene is so done you Alexei like she
loves one direction 47 what's the 47
stand for I don't know it's just a
number you just threw it for yourself
it's the magic number listen to this all
you Drex universe by one direction
trivia you think you know one direction
name all five of the One Direction been
their full names yes full names Nile
James Warren Liam James Payne Zayn Jawad
Malik Harry Edward Miller Stiles and
Louise William Taunton and you know
their their birthdays yes she has all
their birth dates and blood types
memorized do you have their shoe sizes
memorized I do that's a little creepy
little creepy that's a little creepy
name one member from one direction
that's Jane the cuteness factor is
continuing over here very hairy you like
hairy that's the one that Taylor broke
up with oh snap oh snap Taylor jerky big
old jerk what Harry do to you you're the
hairy gorilla face Taylor just kidding
don't let baby turn hear me say that
okay I love you see tomorrow I remember
tears streaming down your face when I
said I'll never let you go
when all those shadows almost killed
your life
I remember you said don't leave me here
alone but all that's dead and gone and
passed tonight
I
