he's a service dog man with four young
kids his wife Katie let also featured in
the bids son's art Baby Talk princess in
rock then watch him for three years and
all they don't stop sitting at home
staring at the screen when your foot
offense is saying that it's ready to be
seen
I'm there every day like a part of the
family shaped odds in the cruel eyes has
a lazy day I'm watching the Shaytards
long here watching the Shaytards
join us for the Shaytards login
adventure every day so happy Valentine's
Day
it's the day that the kids get to go to
school and give treats to their friends
not trade school we don't have any
treats where's the line parents that had
don't have treats but they get to give
Valentine's to their friends are you
excited no wait wait wait can we look at
your outfits that you picked out for
today I let them do their own hair and
pick their own outfits all because
they'd love to do that okay let's see it
nice got a pretty bow and Pigtown cue
from the next you what you can't bring
that to school he'll eat all the
Valentines
how will he get a paper yeah yeah she
can he did yesterday Oh baby Todd what
are you wearing let's see it Oh lovely
left me oh this is a cover for another
dress that she has matched with this
purple lavender outfit looks great I was
buzzed for colourful rainbow socks
leggings and red shoes buzzbuzz buzzbuzz
move love it yeah bravo Bravo happy
Valentine's Day what are you guys doing
for Valentine's Day
hmm if you have somebody in your life
it's just your friend somebody that
needs love and give them something for
Valentine's Day well there's just a
phone call or a box of chocolates I mean
that always works
I don't think Valentine's
a is just for people that have a
significant other it's for everybody so
anybody that you love give something
nice to today
it's even though you're seeing this on
Friday if you didn't do that yesterday
you better do it today go now hey
where's my Valentine
Rowan Tobin's mining Zeke wedding happy
Valentine's Day we love you too oh that
is the cutest freest Valentine ever
happy Valentine's Day
look what baby tartan she look what she
draw it look with a cat drug in there
cats dragged candy in hi what dude you
freaking got the loop yeah I'm looking
at what you just yeah what you look at
it unlucky what secret pencils and
cookies and chocolate oh my you have a
happy memory
I don't wanna make you spell that how
much stuff did you get bro says are gave
you a special Valentine's Day what's in
it open it right living room all right
sorry a whole bag
that's her boyfriend so son tard bless
his heart was telling me that he had to
give away all of his candy from his
Valentine those are hard yes where with
all the kids saying were there like
thanks bro
yeah okay princess hard let's see it
let's see that money let's see that goal
but see those chocolates let's see those
stocks and bonds oh it's a pink pony
what's inside of it what do you put in
taxes oh yeah that's the candy bar
of true love it's yeah you didn't know
that when somebody really really loves
somebody they give them a KitKat because
it's like you know the song break me off
a piece of that Kit Kat bar what he's
done in essence he's broken up a pizza
no listen he's broken up a piece of his
hearts like break me off a piece of your
heart I love you that's what he's trying
to say
that's the message there's subliminal
messaging going on there hey and then a
Pink Pony know what that means I like
ponies that's really nice of him to get
you it that I mean he didn't get every
girl pink pony that's duh what was I
thinking what do you guys think do you
think he likes her you wouldn't cry yeah
let's see yours what's your what did you
get one from a boyfriend baby tard son
tard tell me what your friends were
saying about the sugar thing so like um
one of the age like cookies and they
gave me Molly pops they were like
licking the lie pops alike is so good
son car it's so good so they're like
mock they're like eating it in your face
trying to tempt you yeah
- those aren't true friends whoa you're
eating his heart oh it's gonna die why
you eat his heart oh you broke off is
hard to give you in love you're just
eating it oh that's what loves all about
is it a sugar day today I told them on
holiday
all right I'm just jealous that's all
alright let's go home happy Valentine's
Day good love the only love that you
guys should care about is the love of
your mother and father that's the most
important part that's the most important
love all right let's go home and punch
some puppies and babies assess who's
watching them looking lovely fine lady
thank you
I like when you do that with your hair I
love how long your hair is it's very
Valentine's Day II out that you have on
thank you it's cute we have a mermaid
off the port bow is what they say in
little mermaid mermaid off the port bow
port vowel what is that port fat what
does that mean anyways we're here at a
lunch and area how you doing kid these
lemons are tryke look at that that is a
lemon and a half that's a lemon eight
I'm gonna put this giant lemon in my
lemonade don't overflow with my cup
overfloweth I took the stratum in water
my straw back in anyways we're getting
calamari we're on the hot Valentine's
Day day they do it so much fun during
the day Seuss loose is watching the
kiddos and I want you to see something
that is
we'll show you in a second incredible
I'm trying to work up the nerve to ask
if I can go film with said incredible
miss biggest afro interesting they're
gonna take this boat up they're gonna
put it in the water with this crane
that's cool
she just takes that thing swings it out
into the water giant crane yeah well if
I'd boat fell off I definitely would
cause an accident that's cool
happy Valentine's Day
your present came though it sucks cuz
it's not bloomed that looks nothing like
it did on the website
hey your Valentine's Day present will be
here in four to six days once they bloom
funny looked really pretty in the
picture seriously how lame is that the
cart
no okay there's yep looks like frog card
gets one eat it bro we'll have a big
bite cool have a big bite of it it's
chocolate mom buy it sing on it
fight it don't fight it I think he
almost did
then I'm disappointed dude I was
watching the alright I hope you liked it
happy Valentine's Day seriously on the
website it looked amazing that looks
horrible like where's the flowers I want
to make sure I'm yelling other way
people who's a from ProFlowers
proflowers.com I want better flowers
those aren't flowers but they're buds
oh look rock cards give it okay guys
like I said they'll be they'll be here
in four to six days they were like these
big roses and these are supposed to be
big purple flowers you know feed em rock
card maybe that's what they need they
need some more water
good yeah just fill out a whole bottle
in there dude oh my Hannah Montana yeah
yeah you just fed them some water maybe
they'll grow now ProFlowers more like
poor flowers we're like stupid ugly
flowers that ruin your entire
Ballantine's day flowers this is not
ruin this sucks is the words that I
thought is it I saw a picture it's false
advertising this is beautiful eyes
expect how far did they have to travel
maybe who cares they're supposed to be
professional flowers bloom and they just
hid in the I don't know quit making
excuses this is unprofessional flowers
listen Pro flowers were calling you down
to the the single a league here in
double-a flowers now to me
baseball joke reference baby tart how
much candy have you eaten today don't
lie to me two pounds you've had two
pounds of candy today that is two pounds
too many young lady how much candy
though seriously what do you
a fun dip out now your Leonard do like
literal sugar cocaine I sniff some of
that at my nose does that count is that
against the sugar thing yeah why are you
putting in the you put in a container no
but I mean like why are you pouring it
in there like what you have to either no
you have to eat it out of the pouch
that's the rule I didn't know that what
Yellin oh the fun dip rule you better
ask your father about this I don't know
how much work you got it's fun Oh fun
dip face hey spider-man be like those
flowers
spider-man likes him he thinks that
pretty but spider-man is an idiot though
hey you guys okay so today she took me
out to a really nice dinner for
Valentine's Day it was sort of a bunch
we had a bunch of meetings but then the
lawn was going to be up late so we were
gonna have some people over for dinner
and so the kids were kind of excited but
since we needed to get the vlog up and
everything and the kids still had
homework we changed our plans and so
they're all really bummed I got after
them and sent them to their rooms
because they were kind of like really
you know whining right now whining so I
like kind of pretended to get after him
and sent them to their rooms different
and now well now I'm going to make them
a special dinner so I'm going to set up
these Valentine's plates and these cups
and I'm going to be their server and I'm
going to set up some Valentines that I
got for them that I never had a chance
to give them I was planning on putting
on them on their beds before they on
from school but we were at meetings so
long that we didn't get home before we
had to go pick them up so I'm going to
set up their places with the Valentine's
and then maybe they will forgive me for
getting after them and be happy again
but maybe and who cares then I'll just
eat the spaghetti by myself okay
children for this Valentine's Day
evening we have prepared something very
delectable and romantic for you are you
prepared for your dinner yes okay follow
me please follow me to your table come
on out dinner for four please come out
Phil oh I'll be your hostess for this
evening very hard this is your seat
right here
hey small child small child go get your
seat
he needs a booster seat would you guys
like anything to drink okay hello
Wednesday today we are having juice
that's not wine is it maybe you'll never
know because you can't taste it
kids are gonna sleep good tonight there
you are madam it's part of me reaching
over I'm still learning can I interest
you in an appetizer rock-hard
may I please mmm thanks wait do we have
appetizers nevermind we just ran out of
appetizers my bed oh but we have carrot
would you like to carrot okay your
waitress will be right with you with the
carrots we need carrot they want carrots
carrots matters of the carrot would you
like to taste it before it service Wow
let me know good that you don't know the
waitresses name there you go little
buddy don't open this I'll be happy to
help you in that once I'm done serving
like hear me oh now for the main course
the only
this is our would you like to make some
psyche techie sure mm-hmm
my just a madam you look lovely singing
Justin Bieber is truly in style this
year how delightful I was a baby's first
rock hard
sooner you learn that the better Oh tip
just reduce now it's in the wine this is
the worst restaurant I've ever been to
and you eat it you get your own place
folders and rock hard you're going
straight to dessert
I see style respect me any spaghetti
save some for me how's that dessert
buddy chick that's called chocolate not
ox lit-up mm can I have some of
that
nougat filled oxalate I like the ones
with caramel etem and where's your
valiant steed tonight did he pass he's
in his stall Oh what's his dumper dinner
oh just serve it my bowl I'll get around
200 a minute what are you looking at why
always make a voice for me stupid dork
anyways I'm back to Dreamland two scoops
do scoops of a Honey Nut Raisin Bran
Honey Nut I don't know all right here I
gotta go upload the vlog sorry the vlog
is little late yesterday guys we're busy
we had a Valentine's date and all this
stuff
I'm sorry it's late it was late would
you like some spaghetti though that will
make it all better for them yeah give
them some spaghetti here you go here you
go a fire mom they do your speedo doctor
thick bebo feel a butt wipe what two
three and little fuzzy me
people keep up people yeah you see my Oh
bye
