hi I'm logging here oh I got this thing
I'm gonna go bought it I'm gonna go buy
it
look you liked it for a minute and that
squeak didn't scared him are you scared
of the squeaker don't scare him there's
a one of those happy day I guess it's
Valentine's Day for you guys but not yet
for us we still have a couple Valentines
to make so I know we said that we were
gonna go to the store and buy regular
Valentines but the kids at school
requested that the kids recycle this
year and just use stuff from home so we
found some paper that was pink and red
and we just made our own Valentine's
today well I didn't make them the kids
made them princess art already has all
hers finished we're gonna be working on
yours tonight huh ha ha it's all good
report of them Oh No we'll fix it don't
worry thank heavens for glue and tape
huh yeah yeah you look pretty today you
dressed up for something special or you
just want to look pretty
whoo what's today yeah
oh it is it will be tomorrow uh but for
these guys it is are you guys ready yeah
dude you're not ready yet put the dog
down and eat your breakfast let's go is
go oh my goodness
there's nothing what how am I supposed
to get Vallon to his prison to hurt
anybody I guess I won't oh well guess
I'm going home so I'm looking for
Valentine's gifts for the kids and
brochet and it's really hard because I
don't know what Shane wants he has
everything he wants he's got me right
that's all he needs for Valentine's Day
oh that's a good cop out babe just tell
me what you want for Valentine's Day
I don't know and the hardest part is
he's not even sugar so I can't give him
sugar
um excuse you everyone I want dum-dums
good
yeah I'm using gum round eyes jack yeah
it's the best part of Valentine's Day
all the chocolates do you guys do
anything for Valentine's Day I remember
when I was a kid my dad used to buy
all of the girls in the family arose
which was kind of a lot there was a lot
of us we would all get a red rose on
Valentine's Day or a pink one I remember
when you're anything it was yelling I'm
not sure but it was so sweet I remember
that just made me feel so special so I
try to do something little for my kids
every Valentine's Day but for Shay I
wanna do something big but I mean I
don't know what to do we got a dog
that's fun right I think that counts but
I love you honey I'll give you a big fat
kiss oh that's okay honey don't worry
about it I love you my best Valentine
now get out of here Oh her beau's llamas
likes talking these are these are not
talking right what'd i do should I get
him I can't find the ones that say
talkies on him but I know centaur lost
copies I think I'm just gonna go for it
and get these ones because I can't find
the other ones so our card is trying to
hide from Zeek it's not working he's
climbing your Mountain you're trying to
hide at the top of the mountain Zeek
are you all pain in the butt feet are
usually all pain in the butt ski for
retard character I do like seek you like
Zeek you don't like big do you like mac
and cheese I think you like Zeke as much
as you say you don't I think you do see
hey you know your name yet probably not
huh hey I love you Oh what happened the
Lightning McQueen Oh No what's happening
oh no you got your iPad and the TV going
on and the worst mom ever that's
adorable
beanbag baby and a puppy it's all you
need in life I thought you were told not
to lie on the couch young man look at
him he's he's barely two months old and
either he takes up half the couch he's a
little monster he's a real monster
you're a mailbox
why shall we stick my finger in your
nose I stick my finger your nose I'm
gonna make your own boogers ah ha ha you
a troll buggers you're a monster you
guys leaving yeah bye see in the movies
let's go get the children from their
escuela Rock chart give me kisses
blow kisses locate sis oh I love you who
Oh dad hug leg hug leg hug kisses see
buddy my dad I love you little Chinook
come focus are you so precious oh you
make it you jump off there it's scary so
far down oh you made it
okay we're ready to see it oh that's
beautiful turn it around oh I love it
that's gonna be wonderful and that's
where you're gonna put the Valentine's
that you get tomorrow has a little
pocket that's perfect
I'm so excited if you guys remember
being at his kids I always got a shoebox
we always his shoe boxes until Phil I
put a little slot and you would put the
shoe box and then Valentine's in the
shoe box I love that I can show you all
okay okay well we don't have time to see
everybody okay come on baby down let's
go hey guys my dad just said at the harm
shake video got over two million views
when you think about that two million
views two million people over to it what
yeah oh okay I'm gonna go get my sister
so anyways I'm going to pick up her
sister from gymnastics so when you think
about it alright time to fill up this
big old beast check it out right here in
sunny Southern California we're paying
four dollars and twenty-nine cents for
87 octane my very first job as a
dishwasher when I was 16 years old I got
paid for my very first living wage four
dollars and 25 cents an hour that means
I am paying more for a gallon of gas
than one hour of my time efforts and
labor 16 years ago as a 16 year old che
washing dishes that means I would have
had to wash dishes for one hour in order
to buy one gallon of gas here at the gas
station today that man
my favorite thing when people look you
they stop and look at you I just turned
like hey what's going on and then
they're like the hurry and turn away
because they get fast air and it's rude
to stare
I'm vlogging here bro think about it
that way I got paid less I'd have to
work a full 60 minutes scrubbing pots
and pans to have enough money to buy one
gallon of gas here in 2013 16 years
later yeah that's about two weeks
paycheck right there just sucking it all
up so what was your very first job the
very first job you've ever had what did
you get paid per hour leave in the
comments below I don't know what you got
paid if you're coming back Wow Wow
I gotta walk out my back market is
attacking somebody oh me is
attacking me crazy you crazy
Oh get back in there get back on that my
man here stick your legs up
you're so funny oh it's a fight
oh he got away don't hurt the puppy
careful careful careful careful princess
hard wins
Oh go take him out P hurry fast fast
first thing go pee pee outside good boy
rock card you go help you gonna show him
how to pee yeah do you think I could
touch that I'll give you five bucks if
you could oh crap what am i done about
to loose my box hopefully not Oh
looks like you owe me five bucks you're
gonna try again okay
pay up pay up five did he go I'll give
him a tree commentry good poppy good
poppy you get a tree right to start is
little mommy for the puppy good boy
yes a good boy good job let me get let
me fix let me go me those good me P so
what you're telling me is you want a
gummy worm song is that you're singing
gummy gummy gummy bear
hey Prentice sarcomere come explain to
me what these kids these days are
singing about what's he singing about
what is it
okay that's what you singing I'm not
familiar with this gummy bear song all
right I see okay I'm catching with the
time don't open a package sure oh my oh
me oh my look who hotness just blew in
open it up
alright open it up rip it open this is
from Grandma Laurie said to princess
tart and baby tart
what did you get their luck the ladies
wow that looks amazing that looks like
more crap that'll be on the ground that
I'll have to clean up later
yep I'm a gummy bear I'm a gummy bear
Wow
yeah what do you say grandma that's a
weird kiss no strokes no stroke kisses
what's in those envelopes lets you sing
in the gummy bear song great song bro
really good what are what's in those oh
you got Valentines I guess rocked our
dead centaur don't get one the mail
system not just feed you huh
what does it say let's see the card hold
it up to me hey granddaughter what're
doing good lord
hey dude what am I getting my Valentine
sorry what's happiness fruit with one
complete field trip get her rock guard
yeah
yeah gotta put her in a headlock exit
all right what's the call a scissor lock
is trigger locks
oh my sugar delight so put a quarter in
you gummybear just don't get it dude you
little guy he's still trying to figure
everything out a micro dude are you
gonna ditch Asst I want your gummy bear
skirt yours
they just fluff they're so Wiggly happy
Valentine's Day happy van't alive day
yeah yo yo yo knowin what we're making
baby tardes of Valentine's from her
class that is beautiful honey
I love it good job how many are we gonna
make these and let's just take a lot
like a lot like a hundred yeah no mom
fingers will fall off how about like 25
yeah okay so we found some old things
these were stuff that I had for a Scout
project so we're using them for this
Valentine's project right awesome give
me the new plug geez
Bravo vivitar Bravo hey where did you
hear that
give me around 4 plus No Oh who's that I
bet I know who that is
okay so we have a visitor can you guess
who it is think about it just for a
second think about it and
I'm Zack hi I'm er a visitor
visitor she's out of my visitor and
Kelly's actually here because she's on
tour with Zack and Robert Gillis Gillis
thank you they're doing a couple shows
here in California in San Diego right
yes in San Diego and then one here in LA
which is gonna be Friday night so San
Diego Friday night LA Saturday night
sorry all right knee together it's all
ready together
okay so I'm gonna let Callie tell you
where you can go see her shows if you're
in the air we have okay so we're playing
San Diego Los Angeles San Francisco
might be just like a meet up we're still
figuring that out
vanillite Seattle Shawnigan Lake in
British Columbia and Gig Harbor
Washington who all me the West Coast
tour there's links in the description
there's a Facebook event for everything
oh oh no no the most important thing the
show in Seattle we are actually
streaming live oh cool so anyone can see
it from anywhere so you should do that
cuz it'll be pretty awesome I'm gonna
post a link to the video where she talks
about the tour and you can go check it
out from there and if you don't know who
kelly moore music is and it's about time
okay it's about time
alright thanks for watching today's
video if you wanna watch yesterday's
video and click on the annotation if
you're feeling lucky and hm but if you
don't know we're doing one T or two
years or three years ago click what do
the reason okay thanks for watching
today suppose really blue thumbs up
today's video you don't know Kelly's
question so check it out hit it Callie
they'd be on a roof
my heart could make false to those
things
da strategic charming
but you couldn't
crowbar in your hand
escape
