shouldn't be chugging a dude good such
weird devices they have these days hello
good morning and welcome to the
Shaytards logs how you doing this
morning giddyup today is a very special
day
that's why why is it a special day yeah
are you gonna get braces shoes Oh
watch for the genital punching genital
punching is never cool guys remember
that don't punch my face
I'd rather punch my face in my genitals
he's wearing rocks okay you listen till
the showers all right it's gonna be a
great day I have some conference calls
and some apples to eat let's get started
hello hey guys I'm here conference calls
what club hair ups what do you call it
no it's champagne and that's not
champagne where'd you guys get that it's
apple cider you shouldn't be chugging a
dude so good you just sip it Braceface
what's up brace face actually really
excited oh yeah you're excited huh why
are you so excited me like all my
friends are races want to get your teeth
together huh get your life together get
your teeth straight all your friends are
doing it might as well what what don't
spray me with that Oh guys
people's this is Gavin here and today
we're going to go to orthodontist
I might get braces because I lost all my
teeth and they've all gone back in he is
not getting your braces cuz she still
has some t34 we don't know maybe they'll
say you know what her tiny braces right
now yep
I might do that too or they can just rip
all my teeth out son this guy sticking
on the window dot torture device don't
move till you move such weird devices
they have these days all right both the
kids are just getting some x-rays can
see their mouthpiece so you can see what
I mean yo this to them I think we should
wrong dentist everything do believe me
nobody wants a brother Dennis try gosh
this is this is the real torture chamber
you have to be poked by all your
siblings while you wait for the doctor
okay
rascals okay we're done in the dentist
would you guys think nope well you
didn't ha ha ha ha Brock is like yeah I
have known cavities you didn't even get
looked at dude these two did you will
probably he will get braces soon you
squeeze your face
and you Carly get some braces and stuff
soon you guys look super thrilled don't
you Jackson
your teeth are perfect smiles and a me
probably not braces yet but we'll get
there don't hit me yes cover your face
with a gum wrapper that was ha ha all
right well fun times at the ortho okay
now we're gonna go get some flowers into
soup showers and some food some flowers
for a special friend two three wow the
joys of having older older siblings when
you're little whoa so we are getting
some great flowers for doctor here we
getting flowers for Emmy Thank You
Monica
Monica's had surgery so she's been out
for a while we haven't been able to do
our workout to hang out with
so we're gonna get her some flowers to
tell her minister which flowers should
we get oh they smell good though they go
up your nose all right we picked out the
pretty peach roses these are so pretty
Wow I think that's true
oh nice lucky dog what did you guys pick
out Pokemon let's go we're gonna do a
fun workout today we're gonna do it with
us Oh crazy hair boys and woman all
right it's time to head up and do a
workout we haven't done a workout for a
long time Monica has been hurt but it's
so fun I love doing these with the
family keeps me in shape too
okay form of electric motor for
transportation and transportation here
we go hold on tight everybody I don't
think I'm Monica so flowers - ah you got
Monica flowers nice wenting what kind
are they
what's that ethanoate name what does
that say get well soon
that's so sweet I bet she cries my
crying
welcome back Monica we got you some
flowers and a little get well soon
balloon what is that is that a fifth of
whiskey you guys you guys she's healthy
okay
a scented thing
all right let's workout you guys better
be watching our workouts on the shayloss
channel we're going to be doing them
again we're back in the studio
welcome back Monica these two always
late to the workout Brock what's his
excuse
maybe he doesn't have enough battery and
it's cheap yeah I told you I'd pick you
up for the gym man you were late I'm
gonna be late to the workout look at him
he's pushing it Fred Flintstone style
dax didn't get out and push
he's gonna Park it right there let's go
come on we're and do this workout then I
think a BIA has a concert yeah it's out
of battery four o'clock okay we'll be
there well you guys we have actually
been cleaning out the garage
Tyler's visiting she's helping to clean
out the garage but we took a break
because we needed to get some lunch and
now there's a concert there's like a
lunchtime concert going on so we've got
to go to the concert all right this is
it Wow yours decorated and everything in
concert popcorn a dollar what you didn't
what I don't know what's wrong dudes
don't you have they gave you money back
they took your money well that's what
happens when you buy stuff they don't
give your money back so hard life when
you learn that you don't get your money
back when you buy food you have an
unsatisfied customer what are you gonna
do you have an unsatisfied customer when
I'm a dollar I don't know maybe give
them a free popcorn maybe we'll be fine
come on me Dex I want one dollar one
dollar
well you better work for it so hard what
are these
you should make face telling stuff I'm
sorry
Marley butter yeah yeah I'm buying that
sorry I almost went to confession about
my right to get um I'm not sure who
actually needs to do my money's ours all
yeah what are you gonna work for it what
are you gonna do for it hmm say you owe
me can I love you $1 very whiny everyone
here
hey to get here yeah didn't I get two
tickets oh okay I like the muddy buddies
change me there's a spill and I want to
oh man that kid I can't take him
anywhere he complains and then he
trashes the whole concert Suzy oh my
gosh I'm like you gotyou him you can
keep your boy you can put a hard iron
tip yay thank you
there's a dime don't spend it all in one
place
Thanks all right headed to a concert
another concert babe did you buy any a
ticket to get in oh I can't wait is
there popcorn yeah I just got all my
money yeah there is a party in here no I
know that big demo card Oh probably we
take an IOU what is this wow what a
concession stand I'll have one of those
one of those put on my tab you I'm good
for it payment I'll cut it in the tip
jar I got my money let me open this for
you are you starting I want you to know
I'm very very very
that's pretty soon I'm going to get
water good water tell me first why don't
you fight over yeah you have it what's
up great this show oh yeah
and then basically I get here first oh
yeah sorry so let me just do a little
voiceover right now to explain why the
to do Oh naked dancing boy
group here thinks they can just hijack
their sister's concert taxes do I
Wow because they're usually the main
audience of the a via Emmy show you guys
see them on the vlog do you think like
oh yeah the girls do a show like every
week or something they do like twice a
day sometimes it's like they're they
think they're lin-manuel Miranda and
they have like a running show like
Hamilton has a two-day anyways so the
boys are always there watching the girls
you know when we can't be there and so
they've become like this little mosh pit
and you know it's a good thing that God
makes little boys so durable because
it's not good for joints to jump off
something that high it doesn't seem but
that since having a good time so who am
I to say anything right well that was a
fabulous concert right I couldn't vlog
most of it because you know coffee right
now we're cleaning the garage it's a
crazy man yes cause you guys know too as
the rest of the houses which guys
younger than who he is what's his name I
don't know you know that boss Rutten is
he one of the ones that we used in the
video movie maybe it is Hey all righty
then laughs whooping hey guys guys are
you listening this is Shea from the
future okay here's what happens the kids
they all become super successful and I
become a nobody and nobody remembers Who
I am because like my kids are like
actors and musicians and stuff and
people are like Shay Carl who and it
sucks because I feel like nobody knows
who I am so you guys kind of remember me
okay remember in this end slate that I
was somebody you know because in the
future it's like I just become my kid's
manager and like I just do stuff for
them and like nobody remembers who I am
cuz my kids are so good
I just kidding it just me from today
guys but I bet that'll happen thanks for
watching the vlogs
the kids are talented and I'm not just
saying that as a dad who was proud of
his kids I think they are I think I
think they're super talented every dad
says that though right okay thanks
thought um ZUP write a comment something
you know how this works it's the end
slate I think of some new cool things to
say in the in slate I'll write something
down and I'll come up with something
I'll let you know tomorrow kay
there's gonna be another vlog I gotta go
bye
