but your beard is awesome and your kids
are awesome and your wife is
Oh
say
my finger
movie will learnabout wants and needs
later I want make out with mom you you
mean you're nice to her so that lot of
your situation where on my school you
have a lot of buff on this a lot of
buckle nuts I'm gonna shave it soon soon
hey guys we're just waiting for the
teacher to come and get on so it's time
for school and maybe turns cold it's
chilly today are you full you're happy
that we got a puppy aren't we baby turn
are you so happy even though he woke me
up at 5:30 this morning and he was super
rambunctious it was so much fun and baby
chargeback overhead is really cute huh
you might not care of me he is getting
ready yeah yeah yeah yeah morning yeah
yeah yeah eater came already three other
ones here it's time to go to I think we
should go yeah
teacher quit bein late peach spider-man
you lost your shoe what are you doing
look spider-man's got it spider mobile
spy Dima Bilan they're dancing over
there huh that's their PE class you can
have morning dance time all right let's
get your shoe on Spidey we're back at
the store again and Rock cart is still
trying to figure out that mirror I can
see my hand up there
that's a mirror this is how you know see
but it looks like he's putting his hand
on the other side which he is but every
time we go into the store and we come
down this aisle he has to do that he's
like I still can't figure it out one of
these days I'm gonna get it but right
now still trying to figure it out oh the
little mystery is the little joys of
being too but we don't need to buy that
come on let's let's go find some
applesauce I'm looking for applesauce
but I found a recipe that you could
actually substitute applesauce instead
of sugar what a great option right so
I'm gonna try that it's gonna be fine
hey girl that's what we're gonna do
later we're gonna go get Valentine okay
that man looks staged that's because we
had to seize it a little bit because
they really did that when I told him and
I was like wait wait wait we have to get
that on camera and then you missed it so
we tried to recreate it and hopefully it
was as cool as it was the first time it
wasn't too bad you should have been here
gosh why were you guys here that's so
rude I felt so bad because I had the
camera turned off when he caught a ball
and it was like super fast I'm always
super impressed when people catch
because I never could I was not very
good at catching balls
are you trying to tell me just kidding I
know you weren't I should have caught it
I should have caught it
so this games a little different than I
remember it they have one person that
guys like the phone stick and that
person goes and touches the people who
get hit with the world and then they're
back in they get hit then you guys ever
had that happened to you where you just
have like so much going on in your brain
and like running over here and then
you're writing over here and you're like
oh my gosh I forgot to finish this and I
have her e-text this email in it and
then all of a sudden you're just like
wow but that that's like this my my my
opinion just started shaking and my
heart started pounding really fast and I
was just like and usually that's when
you start to cry when you're getting
really stressed out and I just decide to
just let it all out
well because it's just okay I just have
a lot going on that's all I have to say
but I have a question for today
he's precious he's getting these smart
man he hasn't Peter pooed inside all day
he's good doing good and he slept in his
kennel all night last night I didn't cry
only one you know what I did I think it
was smart because I'm a smart kind of
guy the sweater that I was wearing when
we went to pick him up because I had
hugged wait wait wait do you guys want
to hear something that's a super smart
because I'm super smart yeah
people want to hear from smart people
that's why I talk anyways so we went to
pick Zeke up I was wearing KC levira
white sweatshirt and I hugged and like
was resting with his dad and his mom the
last night when he was crying I was
wearing that sweatshirt I thought his
mom and his dad smell like was on this
sweatshirt so I took the sweatshirt off
and I put it in the kennel with him
from any kind of love with and fell
asleep you know how I got that idea you
wanna know how I got that idea last
night it was about midnight and I was
uploading the Matt Damon video and I let
him out of his kennel for a minute and
he started whining and Colette had taken
the sweater off that she was wearing
during the day and she had thrown it on
the laundry hamper he climbed up on the
laundry hamper and laid his head on it
because I think it was the smelling you
could smell you me so I saw that I
thought oh I have that smell of his mom
and his dad on this sweater I'm gonna
put it in there and he liked it he does
nose under your beard my beard is a
series in the world if you were ever
concerned or have a bad day just hide
under my beer look I have all of my
family under the comfort of my beard
you're right I was comfortable and say I
better don't we make it out with my wife
under my beard grow I was holding the
camera over there the skills today's
employers are looking forward to filled
the jobs that are there right now and
we'll be there in the future
I even with better High School's most
young people will need some higher
education it's a simple fact
dude the more education you've got the
more likely you are to have a good job
and work away man what's important
the state of our union you'll even care
uncool that unpatriotic if you ask me
fine just sleep whatever you are some
families over the last few years we've
on forever red and white and blue
taxpayers this can't keep on subsidizing
higher and higher hey man sorry about
Zika it's our job to make sure that they
don't say he's uh just uh a P so far
that's to be expected but we are gonna
higher taxes and lower my Obama voice
baby boy those paws some big paws brah
bigger than your nose well uh
che actually most puppies paws are
bigger than their noses and for that
matter most people's hands are bigger
than their noses fruits uns stick your
hand up here now hold it there
oh oh I got you shame
I was a goal joke they used to do all my
nephews and nieces it's not cool Obama
not cool at all well that's okay because
I'm gonna link to yesterday's vlog right
there to the left
and off curious let's check out what the
Shaytards doing one year ago two years
ago and um three years ago go ahead
click that one two three there in the
middle and a special mystery video
what am i good buddies Matt do you Damon
he's doing only good cause for a lot of
people out there in the world getting
fresh drinking water check that out good
job drink making a good buck Matt deep
thanks president I appreciate it and
then don't forget to click on the merge
button there that's gonna help with the
national debt for lemon butter I don't
know I get do it Obama voice all right I
gotta go you guys I gotta go bite the
puppy's tail I love you I'll see you
tomorrow
we're here every day we're here every
day just to make you say I'm up a with
the side of your face
