I sit down and my computer to see but
you have done so far today it's just
nice see reality it's just a cool family
be good to each other
all righty guys ready for the big reveal
today is project Picasso day are you
ready to show off one for look he's in
the middle of painting a Picasso looking
over this over the horizon of Paris and
this is Picasso he's got a black nose
he just got paint on his nose that's
don't school we had a paintbrush like
that thing on the end of the paintbrush
and the rocks I broke it off of course
but that's great
are you proud of it cuz I'm super proud
shit you did a great job that's a window
and as a window and then he did the
wallpaper and the floors
Prakash oh my gosh oh yeah amazing
Picasso you're amazing I'm proud of you
dude I think there's a class I'm gonna
like it and more importantly your
teacher she would think it's amazing
she'll give me a a hopefully hey where's
your do you have your essay too huh okay
practice my fault right let's go to
school let's go see that baby Anna Bobby
oh you can get you he's gonna get you
he's gonna get you rock card and Zeke
are meeting each other Rock chart
doesn't know how he feels
cuz he like by its Adam rock card knows
how to climb up on things to get away
from Zeke get him get him
yeah I'm go meet you Ricky and the rock
are those other shut doors to come get
him
get out you miss your mommy you miss
your mommy I'm gonna get you I'm gonna
get you I'll go get you I'll get you sup
puppy my shake shake here's your gold
boy come get a rock tart come get him oh
you're beautiful I'll get you I'll get
you Road
do you love him Rock char do you love
him yeah I'm fun run him in circles oh
that's precious he's itching he's
itching something he can't play with you
right now he's got a nice gotta bite his
foot
likes to buy this foot and chase his
tail we got him a new collar
what are you biting you bite in the
bottom of your foot he's big and clumsy
Dumbo hey hey come on Zeke dropped her
wants him to play them
get him Zeke Zeke get him get him get
him
you're tired of us rocked our just
doesn't like how Zeke's playing he wants
them to chase him get him Zeke Proctor
go pet him then they'll chase you okay
I'll play I'll play don't kick him be
nice you gotta be soft
they'll be soft hi bird hey Piper
you're lying around now what are you
looking at
I don't know what's in here I don't see
anything cool first you want a bird -
yeah you want a bird
boys ah oh cool digs that wasn't the
bird that's a dog huh well somehow we
ended up back at the pet store it gets
all right except for the doc hold fuck
okay you box that's your hand yeah plug
the cage great super boring footage love
it good job dude good job you're a
natural okay Raptors say bye bird fibers
yeah and there's lots of bird say we're
gonna go get some stuff for Zeke gonna
go get some stuff for Zeke oh sorry
buh-bye
she just wants to play with her did you
find a little dog she didn't mind
waiting on vital part can you see I'm
out Todd look could I see it he's
totally blending in with the black and
then the Leafs has had his green because
it's close to the police so they can see
it see that the tails in the water
did you see it I wonder how many kids
I'm you he's having a blast of the pet
store
you guys ever get a chance to hear that
story it's a blast hey okay I love you
cool good cool okay here we go
what name did you guys go with hmm
you see that rock hard look at that is
it doing
I think it's starting to look like a Z
is that frizzy yeah that seeks cat
comfort him for his nap that way we
always know his name and he daddy no so
I guess we're going with Zeke right
according to the Facebook everybody
likes Zeke most and you know what
we do too I think that the more we talk
to him and called him the different
names Zeke kind of stuck out more and
the kids to remember it better as well I
think it's be back I'm so excited to go
home and put this on him please
thank you
and we can guarantee
zerah
Oh your leadership and now a clip of
mami tarde completely ignoring baby tart
as she talks on the phone with my mom
about our travel arrangements for
playlist live there I rock face
oh no waking up the baby twice Wyatt I'm
so sorry the flights for this have just
changed and they're the price for this
has just changed and they went up like
from 399 to 760 hi 760 for the same
flight yeah I was so mad I was like
no I mean I was mad not anything
but for the same day my donut didn't
work when I tried inside of four is her
- fine I'm stupid I got to get in mind I
gotta get these fine six-second video
clips a really it's a tradition it's a
tradition yeah okay go oh that was a
great order you have to sing yours I'm
super complicated
sing it do it it'll be too cool for
school
okay go order
lame
son car did the best he's saying I'll
have the case Diaz get beat going to
alright I'll be obnoxious thank you
appreciate it
here we are dinner with Kaylee without
it without embarrassing that
embarrassing I was saying I'll have the
veggie tacos I did it
rock our seaweed huh squish squish you
kate's have been wired your sweater
cheer for two days so I had to turn it
inside out cuz the other side got dirty
now every time we come home it's a race
for the kids to see who can get to the
kennel first to get Zeke out of his Oh
give him to potty is he going potty not
the top lock put him on his pad okay
let's see if it goes peep okay get ready
if he pees we have to praise Him we have
to sing him a song
oh my treat good
oh there's a good boy here you go you go
there's a treat good boy good yeah so
good puppy oh that's a big peepee
that's like daddy's peepee wait a minute
that kind of sounded wrong yeah but I do
have a big peepee stop who that's gross
you're gross
glad I'm saying inappropriate things out
here you're supposed to be out here
yelling at me it's too late for that
listen be honest Jericho's by oh oh oh
oh don't step on the dog bro-heem he
just averted a massive danger you guys
we got to watch under our feet cuz we
can't step on I made him a little Street
set him down okay he doesn't don't pick
him up every two seconds kids Manny guys
her numskulls sometimes hey mom where
you been all day love you hey that were
your shoes go you know he was chewing on
those last night yes he was chewed on
him and he farted on him - he did - he
hopped three loogies and farted on both
of your shoes true true yeah you know
he's go to the good old photo
yesterday well you better not she's be
called fart feet getting playful he's
excited that we're home baby tart in
your room right now go put him away good
girl
thank you there goes a little man where
you going oh he look like he had a
mission hey Zeke Ezekiel saw you hey
what's another song that wants the bones
Ezekiel saw damn what's a singer babe
wait I'll connect them dry bones Ezekiel
connect them dry bones music you'll play
them dry bone so hear the word of the
Lord
dem bones dem bones gonna walk around
them bones them bones gonna refer bones
them bones gonna walk around now hear
the word of the Lord
yeah I think he does too definitely
what's that puppy oh okay we'll put him
to bed right now oh you guys sorry Zika
spoken yeah I about to kick you in your
face I'll kick the baby I don't care
I'll kick everybody better watch out oh
I got my boat shoes on I'll be likely to
kick your faces in
oh I won't kick Zeek I love him oh hey
guys I'm editing today's vlog and if you
have not yet seen the Matt Damon video
that I got to do with him yesterday go
check it out I will make it the link for
the mystery video in today's end slate
but I just wanted to throw in some quick
outtakes and when I was trying to make
the intro you know what I'm talking
about if you've seen it you haven't
here's a few outtakes from the intro
that I did for the video that I made
with Matt Damon
Matt Damon it's so cool I got to meet
him he was a really cool guy was just
nice he didn't have like a big entourage
just hung out and we talked we shot our
thing he shot a bunch of stuff with a
bunch of other youtubers really cool guy
and is seriously genuinely doing a lot
of good for people around the world to
help get people water fresh drinking
water so if you can go donate you can't
donate then please go support the video
thumbs it up the more people see it the
more likely that more people that can
donate will donate it really will make a
big difference in the world and you want
to do some good today don't you so click
on the mystery video in today's endslate
and that's gonna go right to the Matt
Damon video but here's some outtakes
that I had leftover from the Edit that I
thought I would throw in today's vlog
okay love you guys see you tomorrow no
endslate just click on the things when I
pop up okay and now after the outtakes
okay I love you guys bye
thank you throw your hair all over the
place so here's that footage check it
out I wasn't recording your neck okay
yeah okay
real sorry hey guys shaycarl here hey
hey guys shaycarl here a couple weeks
ago YouTube asked me to come out to
their brand new creators face and be a
part of a special news conference press
press sounds okay hey guys shaycarl here
hey guys shaycarl here a couple weeks
ago YouTube asked me to come out to its
brand new creator space and be part of a
special news press conference hey guys
shaycarl here hey guy hey guys shaycarl
here
hey guys shaycarl here a couple weeks
ago YouTube asked me to come out to
their brand new ute freaking ball set oh
yeah hmm hey guys shaycarl here a couple
weeks ago YouTube asked me to come out
to their brand new creator space and be
part of a special press conference with
water.org for or with hey guys shaycarl
here a couple weeks ago YouTube asked me
to come out to their brand net Pisciotta
here we go hey guys okay that's not
alright okay sir hey guys shaycarl here
a couple weeks ago YouTube asked me to
come out to their brand new youtuber
facility I know I'm thinking about you
lunch here we go
how where to go alright we're going it's
go time a second here by the way good
feeling great egg water
freshest looking great there you go
wanna come down to the logo excellent
one more three and a fun one now fun one
those were fun
I mean at least it'll drive traffic and
maybe people a lot of people are asking
good water makes me it's so cool man
you're alright and the bitch you guys
wrote her off sey famously I can't like
read up two minutes we had it yeah yeah
was raised in there another half and
it's good somebody's gonna the works
it's easy to remember so thanks
