hi I'm logging here excuse me can you
explain to me your style choice there
let me see it be proud of it wear it
proud if you're gonna wear it let me see
it
what is that for what does that do a
hole we see your bracelets how many
bracelets you got going there
two four five six o'clock in the
bracelets and is that like you have a
sprained wrist you sprained your wrist
right I think she sprained her wrist
rocking the ring CTR baby alright man
let's see you push on that thing go whoa
try again
don't give up okay down I'm gonna get
back here I'm never gonna give up y'all
I promise I'm gonna fight until the very
end
yeah your uncle this is my favorite song
actually your rear leg on me I get a
straight here we go one two three yeah I
know you got me rockin whoa oh you can't
do it you have a dress on cruel some
dresses can't do it I need a bigger
skateboard anyways for my talent no whoa
that's a board bro ah sounds like
somebody broke something over here
what about son card has it
nice okay let's put it back we are at
birthday party number two today we are
doing a birthday party marathon day we
have to show the face painting hey
little girl I'm excited you're gonna
have a pretty face you came here for
what to play with that good show us
that's how that works that is the
silliest toy I've ever seen I love that
thing I think we should buy them I think
they're fun the hop 66 like this came
watching you gotta love the girls this
party that we came to is a soccer party
all the boys are playing soccer all the
girls are getting their face painted and
the girls of course they're going to a
birthday party they're having to wear
soccer clothes they want to wear dresses
and pretty shoes so they're on their
dresses and pretty shoes while the boys
are all playing soccer
let's check in on the face cream oh oh
oh I'm excited to see it I love it do
you like it did you like it when you're
sad in the mirror try not to scratch it
find out discretion love it
that's gonna be pretty my face painted
okay look at the finished product
oh nice pink light yeah straight cringle
wrinkles on your face sparkly and
beautiful I love it I love it I'm
excited I'm excited to tell them good
sri tell them wait where are we going
kids we're going to the pet store why
are we going to the pet store we're not
getting the dog from the pet store you
guys I'm excited cuz Colette is pregnant
no I'm not with a Great Dane puppy gonna
be a doozy we're going to get a dog
right now that's right we're headed to
go get a puppy we pulled the trigger
like that we've seen pictures of him oh
here pulling the pictures pulled the
pictures he's adorable exactly what we
wanted a fawn male Great Dane just go to
my text messages scroll down brother and
we've been searching the internet Great
Dane web sites I said is that weird ice
because the guy was sending me pictures
of the puppy and so I sent him a picture
of us and I said this is us tell the
puppy to say hi this is him it's hard to
see this is our little guy we're going
to get it right now I'm excited oh my
gosh here's a house this is an eye all
Sun felt like smell melikhaya supports
this decision malachite we talked to
Malachi he sleeps on our dresser every
night we
looked at black ones but that was the
reason I couldn't I couldn't say yes to
black one because I just saw Malachi you
know and I was like like that would be
not dishonouring him but like sort of
like replacing him more right Malachi
you're cool with this right I love you
Malachi I love him I feel like this dog
is going to make me remind me miss
Malachi a ton so we're trying to decide
on names and the first name that we kind
of all agree on and like is Harley what
do you guys think about Harley we want
you guys to help us name this puppy you
guys are a log this is a we're adding a
new member to our family and you guys
are part of this decision process this
is how the Shaytards roll we were
looking at Great Danes on the internet
we found this one and it's close to us
and we're like let's do it it was like
we pulled the trigger
so we well that's our first I don't want
it to seem like this was totally just
random like we've been looking at
websites I've called multiple breeders
this breeder is an AKC registered it was
on the AKC
website which is the American Kennel
Club which is always like a respectable
place now don't get me wrong I did get
on the website and looked at a lot of
Great Danes that are rescue Great Danes
a majority of the rescued Great Danes
that I looked at said not good with kids
they have like definition and
descriptions of the rescue Danes and a
majority of said not good with small
animals or kids which makes me nervous
because I got four of them
all kids which way do I go babe straight
straight hair anyway so we're going to
pick up Harley unless you guys can think
of other good names
kids what do you want to name it I think
we're just in case but I like that one
babies baby jarred wants to name it
Carly we already have a Carly in our
life baby's heart charlie
oh the Charlie Charlie Charlie they're
really hurt because he's probably gonna
bite your guys's finger just so you know
cute charlie I don't know I I don't know
I like Harley better than Charlie hey
say that again baby tired anyway so
think of names we're gonna be thinking
of names on our way there and you're
about to see our do Buffy I thought I
dad I know I got an I'm not just saying
I'm so excited I know I am genuinely
like weird I'm like come on guys get in
the van I like felt that wake up on
Christmas morning kind of like it
excitement my belly feeling like oh I'm
gonna cuddle I'm gonna sleep with him
tonight
that's probably no no you should
probably make him sleep in his crate cuz
we should crate train him but I want to
sleep I want to sleep in my bed with me
tonight and cuddle with him and I have a
feeling it's gonna be harder because
with Malakai we were pretty strict like
we went by the book when we did all the
rules so that he was well behaved but
I'm like not have him sleep in his
kennel today I trained him we always
have well trained dogs i dad taught us
how to train our dogs well so that
they're well behaved so that they don't
get rambunctious Rock card you're about
to get a new friend my buddy and I feel
like it's gonna be kind of like your
nemesis in a way relationship feel like
there's gonna be a love-hate
relationship with these two the elbe
hold his own rock tart you're gonna get
a lot tougher here the next six months
one I don't think you understand but you
and an eight week old Great Dane are
about to go the rounds Rock chart you're
probably getting knocked on the ground a
few times and you're gonna have to
toughen up but I think it's gonna be
good for you
okay good girl well because it's good to
toughen up little kids you don't want to
just be wusses it's it's good to get
they're nice enough a little bit you
don't want him to just be little
porcelain dolls you wanted to be lying
back
anyways it should be fun and excited and
you'll be here every day to see the
excited dude because we make a video
every day you better watch okay bye
we're going to drive and get a puppy
Casey my I'm excited hey little boy
welcome to the family
come Charlie toys you guys like Carly is
that the name we're gonna go with yeah
we all talked about it what bro you're
not the baby anymore we have a new baby
we don't love you anymore
hardly hey what's our son ours
Riley is the center of attention that's
right Robert you better get used to it
you're old news but we still love you
you excited for this puppy you know you
don't want a puppy you wanna hold him
yeah centaur you bring up here let's
rock hard hold him Adam we just picked
him up and we agreed we love we all like
the name harley come up here let's see
those big little paws two hands yeah
hold this belly and his bum he's nervous
what do you think rocked hard you want
to hold him I'm gonna have puppy
yeah pet him he'll get used to him
whoever go belly those big old ears eyes
excited I love him he's so good he's
such a good puppy okay be careful you
guys so I was petting Harley's dad and
it was just it brought back so many
memories of Malachi like he would lean
against me and he just had that big old
chest and I'll slap in his belly like I
used to Malachi and just like fill in
the weight and the strength of those
dogs or something to it man we have a
new family member just like that my
dream came true thank you baby that's my
that's my Valentine's Day present we
have a new member of the family let's
get him home and love him okay we're
going home now you have your new baby do
you love him he'll go Bubbe he's your go
puppy I got those pods you got some
monster paws bro dog he's seven and a
half weeks old so he's still just brand
brand-new
in the mom he's not even eight weeks old
Malakai was like twelve weeks I felt
like only got over sixteen should we
take him she put his lace collar on him
he can't can you fit him in your purse
look at him he's barely two months old
and he's huge he loves you okay come on
Jose kisses good boy relax okay we love
it even Rock ooh I'm just kidding well
go eat some food buddy yeah says go eat
a food dad all right let's go eat some
food we're hungry there is there's our
little man he already peed outside you
guys look see that little pee pee stain
he did that he peed outside and we're
like holding them for just like
45-minute car ride and he didn't pee
until he put him outside he's already
potty-trained yeah is easy this is my
food I'm gonna step on this food and
this is mine don't get run over
don't let her to the van oh we're like a
bunch of little mommies we're all like
excited about it so we had to drive like
two hours we're up near Barstow
California that's where the breeder was
he's AKC registered to the American
Kennel Club Aarthi already said that
they had the pedigree for like his mom
and his dad we got to see the dad and
the mom they were on site the breeders
owned the mom and the dad they had four
Great Danes just running around and the
dad was like big and just solid okay
yeah what smell shadows bigger than
North he's in let him eat let him eat
little me he's eating just let me chew
his food bro now we're gonna get some
people food here at Chili's I won't mom
babyback babyback babyback babyback tvs
forget him eatin good boy it's just like
we got him watch for cars buddy are you
guys gonna get sick of dog but just a
lottery so precious welcome home puppy
eating dinner and a little late-night
snack
no no I got to figure out what his voice
is gonna be I'm not sure yet
I don't like nice night yeah you have a
little nest
train yeah awesome no not that one
we'll figure it out we made a video last
night a one taker while we're in the
parking lot of Chili's we stopped to get
some dinner we think we're gonna go a
Zeke we changed her mind that was
honestly the two names that we were
debating on the way down there cuz like
what about is zekiel will name him Zeke
and then somebody tweeted us the meaning
of Ezekiel Plus then it just dawned on
me like we got to stick with biblical
Old Testament names Malachi Ezekiel just
makes sense so I think he's Zeke I know
there's a vote going on right now the
last I checked on Facebook Zeke was
ahead by 500 votes so I think he's Zeke
sorry Lee for sorry Lee sorry for all
the Harley fans out there but we're
gonna go with Zeke I think Plus Carly
wasn't too happy about naming him Harley
we had one Arlie in the family already
hey Zeke hey Zeke hey Bobby Zeke
he's ignoring us at this point I don't
know the Honorable I don't know what it
means I think it means he's just got hit
to our new house and he wants to check
things out Zeke oh wait no Colette this
means yes tapu oh hey good boy you did
it on the tile good boy it's a smart boy
I honestly think he's kind of because
both times all three times I put him on
the cement he started peeing it's like
he knows when you're on the hard ground
that you go bathroom all right well it
begins son guard get your home depot
bucket and shovel out here I don't care
if you're in bed you got some more great
day and poop to clean up and it begins
all over again well we love you guys
welcome the new member of the family to
the Shaytards
Zeke tard get it boy get it Zeke Zeke
get all here good fighter with it yeah I
got nurse lady there's a good boy don't
touch me everybody get out you bought it
from here to Petco you got to receive I
don't know good I don't know if I can do
the voice it just feels like it's
probably gonna go to the old Malakai
voice I think it's just like natural
thirsty come on Zeke I think it needs to
be more of like Malachi was kind of like
hey guys it's like more of an ER
that was his personality so I'm
interested to find I think that's true
I feel like hey what's up I think he's
gonna be a large black man hey what's up
under bleep that racist that's not
racist is it me that not lady there's
Matt now hi can I have that roll please
that's my rope guys can I please have
that rope thank you can you just like
all that I just gotta take it over here
to my special hiding place that's mine
please excuse me can you not see that
I'm trying to pull on it with my teeth
are you holding onto it seriously just
please like oh I'm asking you nicely
listen you I was it it wasn't me it was
him I listen it was not me you guys the
dog did it it was not me plea biting
your hair they bite her get her Zeke get
her you bit your butt look how much joy
he's already bringing to our house get
it Zeke
yeah well look what's the difference
between tugging on that and your hair
well he's colorblind I think art aren't
dogs colorblind All Right see you
tomorrow Zeke Yeah right I know I'm like
all over it I get it's like oh look what
he's doing down there film it we should
get a webcam a 24-hour Zeke cam and I'm
not about my no I'm taking this not over
here guys if he's more like a dude like
a surfer dude like a your let you live
in Venice Beach now bro yeah bro got
this not I'm just gonna chill your chew
on it you guys just do whatever okay
cool dudes hey buddy
oh he's a great day and we said that
already right he's a pure bed frickin
balls knucks he's a purebred Great Dane
fawn I don't know what I'm saying
there's more P over there no there
wasn't over here I think about yet okay
see tomorrow wait you guys there's one
more thing look I told those kids I said
if you leave something on the floor it's
gonna get chewed up hey this looks Akal
pretty good
shoo I smells like baby talk foot oh
here's my bone I think I have that cuz
I'm a good puppy I'm not gonna chew up a
little girl shoot
okay swear the last thing sorry I just
think he's cute gosh Ezekiel saw the
wheel way up in the middle of the air
Ezekiel saw the wheel way in the middle
of the air yeah a little wheeling a big
wheel rolling little wheel in a big
we're rolling Ezekiel saw wheel Zeki boy
that is your name Ezekiel is the winner
according to the Facebook poll so I'm
here on Facebook and we have nine
thousand five hundred and forty nine of
you who voted for Harley and an
overwhelming ten thousand one hundred
and forty-three people voting for Zeke
on the Facebook post from the one take
video that we uploaded last night from
the Chili's parking lot so
congratulations to all of the Ezekiel
fans you win the new puppies name is
officially Zeke and I'm sure will come
up with all types of variations like
zeeky zeeky baby
Zeke Ezekiel and I figure it's just
tradition we got to stick with the Old
Testament prophet names we had Malachi
now Ezekiel the Lord said to Ezekiel I
have made the watchman unto the house of
Israel well Zeke you are now a watchman
to the house of the Shaytards in the
Bible it talks about Ezekiel being a
watchman on the tower and what a better
name for somebody that's going to watch
over my family than Ezekiel so welcome
to the family bud we love you check out
yesterday's vlog we have one take Sunday
where we talk about getting him if you
watch the one take Sunday that is
actually the conversation that sparked
us to finally pulled the trigger because
we had to sit down talk with the kids
and they all agree that they would help
clean up after him watch him clean him
so we said all right let's do this if
you haven't checked out our Harlem shake
video you gotta check it out it's a once
of the million views I can't believe it
and don't forget to check out the one
year two years and three years ago in
the middle you can go back and see our
old Great Dane Malachi we miss him and
we love you buddy we'll see you guys
tomorrow
