we have to have an emergency family
meeting everybody I know we already
uploaded the video today but this is a
police car oh wait don't give away any
threats yet we have to tell them good
options okay so if you don't follow me
on Twitter why dude I had a huge
announcement about 20 minutes ago so I'm
mad I want to give way too much because
tomorrow's vlog gonna be excited oh oh
poor little guy I'm not gonna show you
guys you can't see him you have to watch
tomorrow oh okay I'll show you so but
listen okay so we got a new map I'm
really excited we got a new family
member
we have a seventh member - the tard clan
and if you follow me on Twitter you've
already seen two pictures of him so when
we first headed out to go get said
family member today
I suggest them because we're like what
are we gonna name him because like we've
been look anyways you'll hear about all
this tomorrow and tomorrow's vlog and I
suggest that we named him Harley well we
also were talking about Ezekiel naming
him Ezekiel and they would call him Zeke
and he rocked hard
Ezekiel Rogers driving the man we've
already forgotten about him because they
all just shut up I'll show you the new
puppy here he is okay so he's a fawn
pure bit having to have words and
talking he's a fawn purebred Great Dane
he's a Casey registered Rock tard so we
I tweeted already say hi and welcome to
the family Harley because we were kind
of leaning too
so we don't know it's either with name
of Ezekiel and we'd call him Zeke what
is tell me that again what is it go get
the freaking kid
tarnation look at that precious put him
down let him walk and he's already I
think he's already potty-trained cuz
he's already gone peepee out here in the
parking lot twice look at this little
guy hello boy hello cookie
so what do you think take a look at him
in the eye come here come here take a
look at him in the eye
is he a Harley or an Ezekiel Zeke Zeke
harley harley rock hard so son tard
wants harley princess hard wants Zeke
you like both of them I can't decide so
what do you guys think you have to
comment below how are we gonna count the
comments it's gonna be hard you know
what I should do when I get home maybe I
should go on Facebook and put a Harley
post and a Zeke post and whichever post
gets the most thumbs up then that's how
we'll decide I don't know because it's
gonna be hard to read all the comments
to see but should we let them name them
let's do that when we go home we still
have like a 45-minute Drive we're like
Northern California so I'm going to go
home I'm gonna get on my Facebook I'm
going to post a Harley post and a Zeke
post and we'll give it 24 hours because
we got to start talking to this dog and
whoever gets the most thumbs up call him
both names and yeah we'll just warm up
and see what so let us know I'll get
home I'll do my phone out words I'm
excited we got a new puppy we got a new
puppy
bless your heart Malachi no disrespect
to you we we see your spirit through his
little puppy eyes and we love you I miss
you man okay sorry
Rock cars driving anyways okay love you
just quick update what do you guys think
Harley or Zeke give me your arguments
below okay love you say goodbye to him
look at that little boy he's only he's
seven and a half weeks he's not even
he's not even baby tard
obnoxious face
he's seven and a half weeks old
all right love you guys love him hey
buddy hey buddy let's see which one he
responds to Harley Zeke hi early Harley
Zeke please Harley UTC's mr. surfacer
all right
