say whoa do that again dude let's see
the launch of the new toy
see that goes hi all right so what were
we just talking about what did you
commit to it I have the camera rolling I
want you to remember this for posterity
sake okay we're only gonna get one for
now two is gonna be quite a long and
then mommy tard what were you saying
about the new dog that's always been
your problem you want to do things the
right way the responsible way lame baby
tired
OK ROCK tired listen and then what was
what were you saying about the new puppy
that's a that's an eye opener these kids
need to realize how mad are you gonna be
if he chews up your American Girl doll
oh that could be a deal-breaker right
there what if he chewed up what if we
come home one day and he's chewed up
your American Girl dog and pooped it out
doll
whatever that seems pretty loud bring
the American Girl doll wherever you go
you just got to keep your American Girl
doll what are we gonna name the new dog
Luffy no we're not that might be ironic
I've always wanted a name Yemen we call
him tiny Zito we talked about that well
we have to figure it out so me and
sunder are gonna go get on the website
right now we're gonna try to find a
Great Dane puppy no bro I want you to
talk you're in here you're in charge of
Stan's blog tell them about how tell
them about how fun we had when we made
that Harlem shake we had so much fun
doing the holy shake that's very
descriptive problem I don't know you're
the vlogger you're a future vlogger I
don't know you're the blogger all right
I love to talk I love to hear the side
of my own voice hey guys what's going on
Shay Carl here you know what I'd like to
say we're having after church snacks
we're hungry because church is forever
long we have three our church so we come
home and we have quinoa which is
delicious I really like this one that
you made babe now we need to feed our
faces now we have guacamole salsa some
apples and deliciousness
like we don't even have tile like we get
home and we go straight to the fridge we
don't change our clothes we bust out the
chips and salsa quinoa and guacamole
lima tarts doing just a straight bowl of
it is this trying to be healthier you
just eat it like this instead of having
chips here guys oh good Holly what are
you girls doing we just got home from
church are you being self-righteous bro
yeah get your role straight you're the
quiet cute one
you're too much let me kick you in the
face with my argyle socks I don't have
argyle socks on today I got my orange
socks on do you do in the Harlem shake
again bro Sun garden tell them it was
your idea to do the truffle shuffle
people are mad at me because I put that
up yesterday remember how hard we were
laughing princess tower was cracking up
on the ground
remember that princess sorry hi no what
are you looking for in there so we go to
church for three hours we come home when
the first thing they want to do is play
it's right you just stacking those chips
uh-huh
shut up I'm starving
so are if you haven't seen our Harlem
shake check it out we regret a few
things I wish and we wanted to shoot it
again but like we were going out to
dinner and I wanted her you can get it
up we wish we would have put rocked our
because he was back here in the bucket
he was in this giant pot he was sort of
hidden it was hidden and he was totally
dancing around with that spatula like
slamming it and then if you watch us
behind the scenes when we turned the
song on again and he's standing up here
doing this minute oh okay and he jumps
down to get back in the pot to dance
like no this is the quiet part we're all
just hanging out
I thought I was so funny it's like oh
okay I'm ready to dance again and then
so every time once I unloaded it I was
like watching it and reading comments
every time I play and here's that song
he comes running and goes dead uncie
uncie like watch she watches here let's
turn it on right now I don't know but he
brought me a pair of shorts a shirt that
I changed him into he's got him very
fashion-conscious lately he's gotten
very fan she's caught fanship he's fans
just country I was manchester country
fashion conscious he will not let me
pick out his clothes he picks out all
his outfits just like the rest of them
okay let me watch this ready here's the
test see hey come sit right here and see
if her
no don't look yet oh maybe fall asleep
take him a minute take him a minute you
know their net
rocking little boy rocket and I said I
wanted to make another one yeah cuz that
first time he died he's like what are we
doing right now yeah and they're just
like that he runs back into his wherever
he was like didn't work but it works it
just took him a minute for him to
recognize that girl's he's in here
eating all of your sacrament you you
know the bread Oh sassy McBay betart is
gonna come in here don't you dare eat
all the bread alright won't take Sunday
from the Shaytards household once again
thanks for joining us and what's the
date today and by who's that lucky guy
making out miss hottie McCotter pants I
was noticing in this picture look at my
flap my flab shovels that's what I
called us see those flab troubles right
there that's embarrassing
I'm impressed you can help me up though
I'm impressed yeah we haven't actually
ever shown the calendar full through I
said that after like January I'd show
him you guys won okay I'm gonna show you
the malachite picture if nobody's seen
the picture hold this up babe funny
story about this can I tell how long is
this video almost 10 minutes we went to
the mall specifically to get a picture
in front of this giant Christmas tree
that was supposed to be there for
Christmas we showed up that day and
they'd only built the top half this is
on the second story of the mall you can
kind of tell us like over looking right
here there's a gap in it like that you
hadn't put all the branches right there
yet below this point right here it was
probably like 15 feet of the tree was
just a pole there's just a pole so we
like went up on the second level just to
try to get like the little half of the
tree that they had put up so it looked
Christmassy we like got all dressed up
we're like Oh there'll be a ton of
Christmas decorations down there as we
got down there they were just sighted
him up setting them up were like dang it
it was
that little rubber knee so cute you guys
are a handsome this is in the mall we're
like walking in the mall we're like
there's a big couch I'm like well let's
just do it right here and this one was
like we were done taking pictures we're
done taking pictures and we're walking
back to the car and rocked hard was
pointed at something and Alana like took
a picture of him and I said it'll get
when we're both pointing so that one
made the calendar anyways here is the
big secret picture that we had never
seen a lot of you have probably seen it
it's a mosaic of me and Malachi this is
this is heartbreaking actually this is
the very last picture ever taken of
Malachi on the way to put him down which
is sad because he looks really healthy
in this picture I think cuz we were in
the back of the truck Collette was
driving and I and we put him in the back
of the truck and I was like I'm gonna
ride in the back of the truck with him
so I rode like the two and a half miles
down to the vet in the back of the truck
with Malachi and I snapped this picture
as we were going down to put him down
and it's so sad because it makes me feel
bad cuz I'm like looking at that picture
I'm like he looks so strong and healthy
like maybe we should have waited but the
vet I had to care he couldn't walk he
literally that was the sad part and you
know is even sadder is he still was like
regal when I took him into the vet there
was like three people and they're taking
their dogs and they looked at him like
wow he's so big and I'm like yeah and
they I could kind of see the sympathy in
their face cuz he was like shaking and I
had to carry him and he couldn't walk or
I was signing in all the paperwork and I
kind of like set him down on the ground
and he couldn't even stand up he was
like shaking he just like laid down on
the ground breaks my heart but look so
these are all individual pictures hold
this up real quick babe get really close
here look there's rock hard and there's
Sun tard and rock hard and so this whole
picture is made of little pictures of
the family but it's a big picture with
me and Malachi get it that is
