shake fast and move your arms like this
flail your arms and like shake your
belly guys Roger and I are running here
in Sydney is cold today in California
not like cold like Idaho cold but it's
chilly
are you cold in a man is running to the
starway center is making his model for
his Picasso project some things to make
that excited we can't buy a ball every
time we come to the store but I somehow
don't think that we're getting out of
the store without the ball okay crazy
soccer man let's go we still got some
more stuff to buy see you later
come on you're so silly go get it he
loves kicking balls around I think he's
gonna be a soccer player and really dude
Oh Mike I got it hey so yesterday we had
a Britney in Austin over to our house
and Britney made these amazing cookies
just with honey so they didn't have like
actual refined sugar in it I'm going to
start making more things that Shay and
Sun tart can eat I'm gonna try to keep
it like healthy so we're not just
replacing it with other unhealthy stuff
but I'm excited to start using my bacon
legs my what
mama Todd's got bacon eggs they can eat
bacon leg she's got the bacon this bacon
of the big legs mama Todd I wanna eat
your legs my baking skills that I don't
have that I'm working on do you have
bacon lady bacon eggs bacon eggs because
eggs she's got the bacon just thinking
of the bacon eggs mama Todd I wanna eat
your legs oh now what did you find
or you need to see Batman those are cool
huh who's that though who's that who's
that
hey that's spider-man you say spider-man
oh it's empty it's just a bag Malaysia
Damian she's bagging okay you get your
cake oh my goodness I can't believe I
turned the camera off I lifted him up to
show him inside the bag said he was icy
on the seat so I showed him inside the
bag and there was nothing in there and
he goes oh cool
I don't know what you saw in the bag but
it's empty it's crazy
got your hat okay you want to tell me
we're making do you have a camera - dude
don't hear you so careful that's glass
that will break put it down we're making
oh not like that though thank you we're
making children's well Mickey I don't
think you're invited to this party
anymore dude yeah it's super obnoxious
right right yes we're making shadrin's
molding place so I can pick up Picasso a
clay chair to sit in
for you're correct Mike my project for
my diorama and we bought paint so that
once we dry the clay you're going to be
able to pick it I haven't done anything
like this in years
so it's gonna be fun prize right so
careful that's glass it will break put
it down
we're making oh like that thank you
well making children's Mickey my finger
my anymore dude yeah buddy
biggest hi hi
princess today you the top okay show you
right this is my sock and I put up this
on her I had a little onion and this
little light Club theory yes earring and
this like the little headband to go with
it and the final bit and we're gonna
make clay and put the starts gonna help
us but she's just doing something right
now and we are gonna push me Wow okay
we've got our play-doh made like that
and we place the molding clay we mix it
with a little bit of yellow and a little
bit of red to make a shine of it no skin
color what shape it shape it into
whatever you want I did it as skin color
so that you can make pablo picasso's
body and then we can just paint to close
our club and your question how i can
make his body without it falling apart
and we can put a little bit of flour if
it's not stiff enough we can add flour
to it the girls what are your girls
gonna make I am NOT I'm gonna make a
flower you're gonna make a flower a
flower that's a heart oh yeah oh I'm
making a pot of it to heart love it so
after we bake it that's when we get to
paint it and I love doing this when I
was a kid my parents never bought
play-doh we always made our own clay and
it was always a fun time always put food
coloring in it to make it a different
color and we just had a grand old time
funky has Platteville up with cats oh
and here's this painting arm with the
paintbrush we use the cut to hold up the
paintbrush so that when we put it in the
oven it won't so that's what we have so
far and then for the easel so basically
it's going to be probably Picasso
painting good job ya know I gotta do one
so what we're doing is we're cutting
these these skewer sticks all the same
length and we're gonna make an easel
with them
cool baby tired what are you doing so
what why are the cutest pouty face in
the world
he took my brush and she and I'm trying
to use it
yeah but I'm using it right now and
let's take turns oh you're done oh that
looks awesome okay now we need to
transfer it from the plate to the pan
just like princess charged so that we
can bake it last night we're about to go
out to dinner and I was watching some of
these Harlem shake videos I was like we
have got to make one of those that looks
like way too much fun not to do because
hi I'm Ron did one at maker studios and
I got like a million and a half views
and it was hilarious you go through any
like look at each individual person and
what they're doing so I thought the
Shaytards have got it doing so we sat
here and we watched probably like four
or five of them as a family and then we
said we went into the kitchen we're like
okay let's pair we're gonna do and then
Center it's like I could do the truffle
shuffle then so we started doing it and
we were cracking up and I didn't get
very much of the behind-the-scenes
footage because we were like all like
trying to decide where we're gonna be
placed in the kitchen but I do have a
little bit of footage so here's the
little bit of behind-the-scenes footage
from the Shaytards Harlem shake that I
have roll that beefy bean footage Shea
dance
Oh crazy okay okay good okay now go on
now and right to make sure you know we
can move the camera the cameras in exact
same spot sit down right here
now hold your baby girl
get out your shirt and how I'm going
okay very best we're still falling
yeah where's the pin hit pretend like
you're writing your check later for glad
you're cooking like on now remember
you're right in there really to have you
here okay go off do more here like
you're writing you're just writing okay
oh yeah okay here just yeah you're just
sitting there with your baby kay okay
here we go
hit go ahead hit hit
yeah
okay maybe this is there hold your baby
hold your babies are pretty nice really
nice to put your baby in suck your thumb
but don't look at the camera
okay hit it again okay go
yeah like you're totally bored okay go
okay people they're watching you you
know tippy-tippy-tay they brought bread
balls out while we're waiting for our
table some pasta fazool add some more a
centaur go down to your sister go to the
walls do the waltz the ID the waltz
now dance with dance with baby turn baby
turn dances Sun turn
now I don't want it y'all ready there we
go
don't Napoli that's amore
dipper there you go Tata plum moon hits
your eye like a big pizza pie that's
amore that's amore my dance partner
sleeping
you drop it don't eat it if you dropped
it wait we'll get some more you were in
Venice Beach dude there's no seconds
trust me there is immediate HIV on that
pin STDs cancer and yeah I'll throw it
away
oh dang it I wish I knew the works any
better
that's amore
hey you guys it's bedtime it's 10:30
8:00 at night but I wanted to show you
guys the almost finished product for
Picasso here it is we've got the easel
and then that's Picasso with his
paintbrush and tomorrow look at the
mouth but Center put on him tomorrow
we're going to be painting well he's
going to be painting it keep saying me
because I'm helping with the
orchestration of it but he's doing all
the work it's looking really cool dude I
think it's gonna be awesome when we get
the setting the background and
everything put together yep don't be
cool way cooler than any project I ever
did are you thinking what the heck is a
Harlem shake video I don't know it's
this new internet meme going around and
it's really fun
you're probably to see about a million
of them in the next couple weeks but we
had a blast making it if you want to
check out ours click that I'm feeling
lucky button we put it up last night it
was so fun to make it's crazy watching
all the kids they were cracking up I
wish we had more footage of when we were
planning it cuz we were rolling on the
ground laughing the last clips the
behind the scenes that I did show yous
after we'd done it like four or five
times it's like okay we just got to get
this down so check out yesterday's vlog
was a fun one the one two and three in
the middle is what we are doing those
consecutive years ago and then of course
check out the Harlem shake if you
haven't go click on that I'm filling but
lucky button and go watch a bunch of
them there's a lot of them out there on
the internet right now love you have a
great weekend we'll see you guys
tomorrow for one take Sunday and be sure
to comment below are mommy taught sexy
bacon eggs had its yummy bacon legs
