he's the big man on campus today are you
the big man on campus all right where
are we going charge on a motorcycle even
the principal mom I found this little
hill I can't be bothered
okay let's go dude what's four times
seven you guys 28 4 times 6 24 4 times 5
24 times 4 16 it took me a minute do you
guys know your times tables Shay do you
know your times tables no I know a
handful of them but that is like one of
my major math weaknesses when I moved
when my dad graduated from DeVry
Institute of higher learning and
education we moved from Phoenix Arizona
to Tremont in Utah in route to our move
to Idaho well in the third grade when
we're in Tremont Utah I had a teacher
who I shouldn't say this I never learned
my multiplication tables should I tell
the story on fulsol full stories I think
you you have me tell you that possibly I
had just thrown in I had this third
grade team no I shouldn't say this all
like throw my third grade teacher under
the bus you had a teacher what high in
Utah I was I was okay so here I was as
the 3rd grader
get these assignments right and then to
mock when your own guide and so when
this is a small town like really small
town the first three kids that got done
with their homework they got to go
across the street to the local store as
like a penny and dime and buy penny
candy for the rest of the class teacher
would like give us each a quarter okay
go across and there's like these little
penny candies all by ourselves as third
graders this is like smallest town USA
in 1989 first three they got done they
got to go across the street and buy
candy for the rest of the class all by
ourselves at this store is just like
right across the street from this I
cannot even imagine I think of that
these days now I know I know
smart third-grade mind where we had to
go hand in our papers there was like
this giant stack and every time I had in
my papers I would notice I'm like she's
not even checking these because like
they're the pet the stack of papers was
like this tall and I would see like my
all of my other assignments that I did
but I was like I don't know if I got
those right it'd be like halfway down
the stack I'm like she hasn't even
checked that yet so I was like mm-hmm if
I just write in whatever I think the
answer is and not even really try to get
them right I will always be the first
out of the three out of all the students
and I'll always get to go across so
collabora bugger I ruined my own
education but I got what I wanted you
know so it's all about like you know
work in the city were like that like you
know what the teacher wants so you can
get a good grade because you just know
what it takes to get a good grade in the
class you don't really do the work
sometimes so I never learned my
multiplication tables so then I was like
long division with Miss Armstrong and
she was like frustrated excited no any
my multiplication tables has kept
compounding whereas like each math
teacher I had never like caught me up it
was just like I almost feel like I got
swept under the rug I'm dead well guess
what it's not too late you're somebody
you are I'm gonna make sure that he
knows his multiplication tables like the
back of his freaking hand tonight me and
him we're gonna have a multiplication
table off now go away I was texting my
mom I think I'm gonna join in on this
because I learned them and I know them
well but I've forgotten so let's all
work on our multiplication tables
together oh my goodness this room's a
mess
I actually made this mess I'm pulling
stuff out I'm putting stuff away because
if we have a carpet cleaner coming today
what what are you doing are we gonna get
our floors clean today thank you okay
show me your toys I'm dead oh that a
McQueen and a diamond
like an Amber diamond or something oh so
we're finally getting our floors clean I
know that's cool dude way to change the
subject thanks for your help anyways
we're finally getting our floor is clean
it's just a mess with four kids you
cannot have white carpet immediately
when we moved into heroes we'll do our
best so I got to get everything up off
the floor
wait wait what color is that what color
is it
good dog yes that's red you're super
smart team that's right colors this blue
yellow yeah good job kid all right it's
a big big day in our lives
beautiful oh can you believe this day
has finally come you guys that's right
the carpet cleaners are coming I'm so
excited to not be a scumbag anymore he's
excited for us not to be scumbags I
think you are let's do it before oh yeah
look at that
yeah what this is is like a little rock
tart walking around with a piece of
watermelon and as he's biting it just
like watermelon juice is dripping all
over the floor and then it mixes in
because we don't take our shoes off
maybe we should make that a new rule
babe no she was in the house something
that they do in lots of places like
Canada Cory said that he never was
anyways without taking his shoes off do
when I was a missionary yeah I mean my
mom and dad did it for a while when we
moved into a new place and we should do
it we should take our seats
I'm sorry we're such white trash
scumbags you guys
we're just dirty knocking gone ugly and
stupid and fat our credit scores low oh
yeah that's good that's how I lost
weight on a diet of those lives Oh
okay so that how long is that gonna take
yeah 30 min 30 minutes that's really
fast all right make sure you get all the
spots I will don't worry about it yep
right here this is the patent
revolutionary bendy orange hose yep oh
no tip for you I won't no get out of my
way I'm trying to work here
I need this mirror I need to see a
reflection of my face before I clean any
carpets I want to remind myself how
handsome I am seriously get the mirror
down Oh to do everything around here
that's why I started my own carpet
company because I'm a go-getter I'll do
it with yourselfer I'm an entrepreneur
oh there I am
oh oh oh there that's all I see what you
mean okay sorry sorry bro geez don't
mean to be
Parshin on your ride again on your
convertible and cruise on off into the
sunset you're a go dad I'm sorry
dependent I can do everything I want
cuz I'm mister me I check it out oh no
kids are gonna pay for that one carpet
cleaners came and they're actually still
here and I'm Bo Sam what you can see my
feet prints it looks really good
I'm gonna sleep on the carpet
compressing the vlog as I drive in
traffic doing two things at once we're
multitasking people this is the life of
a daily vlogger so I am like headed
right now to go to shoot with the fine
brothers but I haven't got the vlog up
yet it's like 2:30 so I figured I'll
just bring my laptop with me compress it
in the truck as I drive over there and
when I get there I'm sure the fine
brothers have internet I mean come on
they're on the internet all the time who
doesn't have a net and I figure while
I'm shooting with them I can upload my
vlog so I'm going to shoot youtubers
react and I know a lot of you have seen
them they're getting like 4 5 million
views and episode it's pretty crazy it's
where a bunch of youtubers watch other
youtubers and then talk about other
youtubers the the youtubers that they
just watch that exist you get it's
pretty good check it out and in the
email that the fine brothers sent me
they said that I should bring two shirts
and that I should not wear any like
brands because you know you don't want
to have like any brands in the video I
feel dumb like I don't wanna be that guy
who always wears his own shirt I guess I
gotta warm like one of my button-up ones
but like most of my shirts are like
either Volcom shirts or or all Volcom
shirts or one of my own Volcom shirts
it's that dumb I'm wearing a youtube
shirt I figured that's good for
youtubers react don't look at me and
look at my tube but look at my tubes
inappropriate what do you think is that
kind of lame to be the guy who wears his
own shirt to promote himself in the
video I think you're like why not it's a
good opportunity to market myself right
you got to market yourself because
remember children you don't get what you
deserve you get what you negotiate
that's an old saying I learned from a
real estate seminar that I took about
ten years ago but it's true sometimes
life isn't fair you have to go out and
get what you want sometimes you have to
like you know doubt yourself hey look at
me look at me
squeaky wheel gets the grease right
that's another saying I don't know I'll
be obnoxious my dog just don't answer
that traffic traffic traffic I can tell
it's the kind of traffic where there's a
little fender-bender up ahead there's
this crazy phenomenon in phenomenom
Mahna Mahna doo-doo-doo ma-na-ma-na
doo-doo is a phenomenal phenomenal
anyways there's this crazy
thingamajigger that happens in LA
traffic if somebody gets in just like
the smallest little fender-bender then
it backs up traffic for miles remember a
couple months ago and me and Kasim were
coming up to go to our motorcycle school
and there was a giant wreck we sat in
this traffic
right here in this Lane for two hours I
saw multiple people breaking down and
crying one dude was swearing and cussing
because they were late they were super
late to wherever they were headed and to
think that that one person's decision
whether it be texting whether driving
putting their makeup on while they're
driving
just flogging while they're driving
cause a little small fender bender and
that affected hundreds of people's lives
not only in the cars but think about all
the lives that it affected for instance
because of this little offender bender
that's up here I am now gonna be late
for the fine brothers shoot because I'm
late for that that's gonna change their
schedule which will probably in turn
change another youtubers schedule see
how I like it just goes forth like in
these like veins these ripple effects of
how it affects not only like the
thousands of people on the road but the
other thousands of people who are
waiting for these thousands of people to
show up wherever these people are headed
so then I started thinking about well
does God you know if let's get this
let's let's really get down into deep
and dirty conversation here so that's
where the question comes in does God
cause things
happen like earthquakes and wrecks and
bad things to happen to people or are we
allowed our free agency freedom to
choose and because of those choices were
not allowed to choose the actions that
happen because of the choices that we
make so because one person maybe was
inattentive wasn't paying attention to
the road and got in a wreck that
affected thousands and thousands of
people and I don't think God did that
and I kind of agree with the thing like
you know nothing happens on accident I
don't know but I really believe an
agency that we have our freedom to
choose that's the most important thing
that we have is our opportunity to
choose right or wrong good or bad
whatever it is and not every decision is
right or wrong or good or bad but I
think that's important to remember that
we have our agency and if there is a god
and he did put us here on this earth he
doesn't take away those opportunities
for us to choose we always have the
power to choose whatever we want no
matter what situation we're in anyways I
was just wondering when's the Boat Show
oh it's now the boat shows right now
okay
so these are those perfect moments to
choose happiness because you have to
make that decision see that person up
there that got a little wreck they chose
their choice and now it's affecting me
but do I let their choice affect me or
do I say you know what there's nothing I
can do about it other than to be happy
and to not let their choices affect my
feelings or my behavior or my emotions I
can sit here and say I'm just gonna talk
about something to my camera and be
happy instead of thinking hey Betty
Ralphy if you're watching this this why
I'm late there's a cop car just pull
over this car and that's literally why
this bottlenecking is happening now all
the traffic will speed up and clear out
it's crazy just like one little thing in
the road and people start turning their
heads and then it just multiplies
there's another lesson for you little
decisions multiply it over ty and make
huge differences see each person that
spends one second to be like what's
going on
but that person could pull over they do
the rubbernecking and then that
compounds little by little and like
three miles back you have like this
giant traffic jam interesting life
lessons on the interstate of Los Angeles
you know says
oh yeah think about it something like
that alright girl to go crazy all right
there's the carpet it does look better
it doesn't look perfect but it's better
Sun tarde took his test today he missed
one where is it Oh every time so four
times seven is not 94 2828 4 times 7 is
28 so he only missed one but he missed
it multiple times so he has to retake
the forest test was seven times four it
says keep trying three tests on Monday
for you let's see what rocked hurts
doing watching a video that he's been
watching that Valentine's video Kayleigh
posted a Valentine's video with her kids
making a couple crafts and he's been
watching it I think he's on a third time
because he wants to see gauge and he
wants to see the crafts I think it's so
cute you guys haven't seen those Kaylee
put up a Valentine's crafts video as
well as two videos one with baby turn
once with one with princess chard where
she's doing their hair for Valentine's
Day and it's so cute I think I'm gonna
attempt to do it on Valentine's Day but
I don't know we'll see what happens okay
it's almost dinner time I'm making rice
and we've got teriyaki chicken this is
gonna be yummy dinner tonight we're
having there will be no baby stealing
this evening
see rock tart your mom's trainer two
thumbs up
who's got two thumbs and a happy face
this guy dude your mom's trying to
replace you with other babies how do you
feel about that
thumbs down Rocco can you do thumbs down
say thumbs down say I don't like it
thumbs down he do that
thumbs down no mo I'm like the thumbs
down like trying to replace me with
another baby
Miss Fortune you guys there are seven
things that I don't want you to ever
forget
one is that one year ago button two is
that two years ago button three is that
three years ago button 4 is yesterday's
vlog and wait I'm gonna say yeah five
the I'm feeling lucky button six rody
arcade where actually some calendars are
still available and saben cucumbers hey
don't ever forget that you have happy
weekend see you tomorrow
