pretty darn precious what it is
Katie letting shake Carl got the cutest
kids and maybe up on YouTube making all
events and if you don't know I'm gonna
tell you like this like this like son's
heart got all the girls on them
got him wondering how'd he get so
handsome okay and baby turn she got that
baby girl swag she can get a little
crazy just like her dad what a rock part
I see you starting the walk hit that
stanky leg then he hit the driver prison
start where you whack girlfriends back
handspring it's a perfect ten uh yeah
you know they PDF AP two years done and
he's on two three
we're ready for a bitty also let it be
clear hey good morning beautiful I've
missed you so much rock garden want your
piece watermelon won't you watch melon
we'll get over there wrestling with the
balloon you wrestling with the balloon
buddy he won't bite
past you I'm sorry okay I'll stop it
that's this new favorite word stop it
let's not shoot hey Maureen how about
you me yeah that's way nice and fresh
and cold a bite no right no right right
you just ate it don't just respect the
watermelon bro everyone face a bite all
right all right fine fresh new piece for
the little baby oh that's so juicy and
delicious you like it yeah I love it dad
let me have it can I have it of course
oh thanks bro so usually Colette takes
the kids to school every morning but she
was tired last night I said babe I got
this you just turn that all alarm off
and I'm gonna
daddy's gonna get up and take those
babies to bed at school in the morning
put an iPad party going on over here an
iPad party let me see let me see what is
this what are you watching what do not
tell me they're making a unit they are
there's old Courtney pants making a
unicorn cake who's this girl making the
cake do you know who she is it's called
what oh that's her name then what's up
bro you ready go to school what'd you
get dude you got a lot of cards bro Sun
turns into trade and basketball cards at
school what's the big one is that a
Blake Griffin signed ultra no way stop
the presses it's a good card bro we work
some money later you might want to keep
on hold on to it you know me and Casey
me and my brother used to do that all
the time would collect cards just like
the best ones when I was a kid Babe Ruth
was planned so would get yeah we've got
Babe Ruth and Hank Aaron
Shoeless Joe Jackson you know those guys
you don't know those guys yeah those
were the players back in my day
those are good players some of the best
okay get your backpacks you little brats
we're going to school all right children
another day of learning and knowledge
and growth and experience are you
excited no yes you are
what do you think your biggest
temptations are at school do kids ever
try to get you to do drugs or smoke
cigarettes or drink beer that is a huge
temptation sometime good me too dude
what's the matter hi I love you rock
tart sad love you daddy
thank you dude you better get those
emails sent the bells about to ring if
you don't get that final draft sent over
to miss Jenkins by 3:30 you're gonna
flunk
third-term algebra gee I don't know I'm
just making stuff up in my head is like
though well mr. Jenkins better have that
PDF file on his laptop by noon or else
you're gonna lose 13 credits towards
your GCD yeah I don't know I don't know
what any of that means just make words
up in my mind
hey Rock you're watching the iPad are
you learning how to make cookies I love
you okay you learn how to make those
cookies so on a sugar day we can make
them together okay okay all right hard
to sweat in here I wonder what he's
doing they rock hard what are you doing
dude yeah I thought maybe he's trying to
go peepee on the potty I don't know hey
what what are you doing in there
aggressive hey what are you doing I'm
looking for a vein puppies on the
internet and fascinating the vlog
editing portion of my day
oh you want a Great Dane poopie you want
a baby I'm sitting here I don't want a
poopie
I'm starting I'm ready to edit I have
all my stuff imported but then I started
to see that here's my edit ready to edit
ready to go but then I keep looking up
Great Dane puppies how about you set
yourself a little schedule if you get
your video edited then you go look a
Great Dane but then I can buy a Great
Dane puppy then you can look at one and
we'll talk about it
we'll discuss it
now get me some tacos doctor I think she
needs to ride around the restaurant I'm
the only one in here with the kid
freaking hate people just let their kids
run wild in public places
Plus you didn't ask for my permission or
anybody watch out right in here
these kids are getting the rope and
we're just using the body what are you
doing bro I'll put it back on you got a
blindfold gonna put it on here hold
still
I got a that also just toast I'll get it
my rope yeah put it on you want to put
it on no it's over
not funny anymore okay sounds good okay
are you ready yeah be careful it's hot
where the pasta in the pot need to help
you cut off you in the pot pasta please
good boy
now just throw the whole boxes no don't
say you're not helpful this is rock
treads favorite products he loves to
pour the noodles in and he is setting
the table it's really cute okay now what
are you gonna do are you gonna stir him
remember get the blue pasta dish or
spoon mama can't talk mom he doesn't
know her dishes here no no okay you
tried that one he's also very particular
about what utensils he uses this morning
you threw a giant fence because he
wanted the green zip it up instead of
the red one and then I gave him green
one is any one of the red one it's like
one of those things that all
two-year-olds go through a phase of I
want it my way but I still can't
communicate to you exactly how I want it
but this is how I want all of them do
that crazy I'm about ready to bust my
feet right now my shins are tingly we
seem to be moving with just fine dude
you know I'm just thinking what as I
tend to do sometimes everyone
Wow rocked art I want to tell story
about my life
you tell him say dad your brother my
wrestle that baby my wrestling you know
Elsa wait I want to hear more about the
story wait wait listen to the sound so
this shirt that I'm wearing
okay you can't bend over promise this
shirt that I'm wearing right now oh yes
it's how I explain it's been around for
a nice salty the pop I told you he likes
it a certain way with a shake of thanks
dude that's okay that actually helps it
he knew what he was doing could get on
jump jump jump Rock guards wearing the
spinach hat again nigger spinach hat on
he put all that in yeah we're having a
big salad he goes all funny hat let me
see your hat dude that is cool oh that's
sad you have a cleft palate yeah throw
that cleft palate away you just dropped
two point three chips on the ground
today okay so you know I feel like I
don't want Ellis star anymore doesn't
matter
my story what's in the bag now here say
we know everybody's back say you please
tell us your story about your shirt your
red awesome shirt remember where I got
this shirt I don't know exactly the day
did you never what it was for
I remember there was a couple things
that you wore shirts like that for was
it for the Blue October one oh this is
for drowning pool Oh what's that song
they sing it's like really famous real
quick for reference you know you have
shirts in your closet it's like man that
shirt is like a classic comfortable
shirt that has good memories attached to
it I'm not going to throw it out this is
one of those shirts where it's like you
know how you're doing like this in your
claws are like not that sure now that
should not show you it should this
shuffle through all your shirts yeah
every single I don't have that not that
one because it feels a little tight on
me not that one so wear that like two
weeks ago not that one and you know I'm
saying you're like no no I've been like
looking at this shirt for like the last
three years and have worn it once but
this shirt I was just thinking like why
do I still have that shirt it's a little
bit big on me it's a two XL cuz I've
lost some weight lately but this shirt
the reason I haven't thrown it away now
that I think about it is the very first
shirt that I ever got paid to do
something in the entertainment industry
my buddy Adam owned a concert promotion
company and he had drowning pool come to
Blackfoot Idaho and he gave me a hundred
bucks to be like a bouncer and I got
this shirt that's like this momentous
sure it was like them I remember
thinking I'm like I'm like really
you got your hands all up in that salad
problem right there I was a I was turret
drowning pool and this is the very first
time I was ever like in the
entertainment industry where I got paid
like that wasn't really entertaining I
guess I was just like saying hey you
can't poop on the state can you just
connect this bodyguard like this
dinnertime right now cuz it's getting
kind of crazy you like use your skills
do you guys know this because there's no
mouse I'm sorry son heard we can't watch
the whole video of drowning pull-up
bodies at the floor you're only 7 that
is inappropriate for your young mind its
damn what's the devil I'm just kidding
drowning pools not the devil they
actually were really really nice guys
funny story when we went to that Johnny
pool concert Mommy tarde was pregnant
with baby tard and the drowning pool
lead singer talked to mommy thar about
being pregnant and about his girlfriend
or his wife or somebody that was
pregnant at the time it was crazy you
see this like metal death singer and
he's out backstage talking to my like
nine-month pregnant wife about he
Prescott she was hot wait a minute is
that even my baby and I'm just kidding
check out yesterday's vlog what were the
Shaytards doing one year ago two years
ago and three years ago that's what the
one two and three represent in the
middle and if you're feeling lucky we'll
look I don't like it but I'll pay you
tomorrow
