what are they gonna do honey
what are they gonna do look what are
they gonna do thanks know you can't
touch that that's the tool they use to
get my car at pipe so they can change it
yeah he goes they're gonna fix my band
it's my band so we're getting our tire
fixed finally we're probably just gonna
get it repaired until we can get some
new tires just one of those things you
got to deal with
right oh man may be charged with a
hundred a today
what does that mean yeah but what is the
hundred days mean it means you you're a
hundred years old now
no it means are there a hundred what
else
it's made out straws
you're gonna be showing a dance okay I'm
ready hey beautiful no I think it's
super oh wait she just did the best
piece you'll take you alright now let's
do this I'll meet you at the oak tree at
high noon or after school school because
I have the thing at lunch I have to do a
lunch thing so about 2:30 I'll meet you
there and we'll fight then
hey you guys remember yesterday when I
was all like what about accomplished
today look I'm not even doing anything
in my life well you know I figured out
the reason why I was feeling that way
and I knew this it was because I didn't
get up in time I slept in till 10:30 and
then our podcast was at 11:00 and then
you feel rushed all day you know those
days where you sleep through your alarm
I had big plans to get up early to go
running so I'd feel invigorated for the
rest of the day and then I didn't I just
slept right through my alarm and then I
had to hurry to the podcast and so then
the whole rest of the day you're trying
to play catch-up trying to get the
things done that you wanted to get done
and you just feel like man I'm not and
he didn't get your morning started off
on the right foot well this morning I
learned from my mistakes when that alarm
went off this morning I said not again
today I'm not gonna make that same
mistake and even though I was tired I
got up at 8 a.m. which is not too early
for some of you who have to get up like
5 or 6 but I usually get in bed by
midnight and so I figure if I get in bed
at midnight I don't let myself stay up
longer because I always want to stay up
longer you know watching the sub YouTube
video or reading comments or something
but if I force myself to get in bed by
midnight then I can get up at 8 that's a
good solid eight hour night's sleep that
I can nail the day so I got up early
this morning I went to the bank exciting
news I started a brand new account for
the IndieGoGo funds to fund the movie
that
gonna make I want to have a totally
separate account so that it's like all
of the money from the IndieGoGo will go
into this brand-new business account
that I just started today and only Cory
and myself will have access to those
funds that money that you guys donated
will be treated as sacred to us
honestly we're gonna be very very
careful and we're going to make sure we
get the best deal and everything we can
so Cory has just been busy booking
interviews pretty soon once the card
from the new account gets sent out to
Cory we're gonna be booking flights and
then we even talked about doing like a
little road trip because we're gonna
kind of be traveling through the north
eastern part of the United States quite
a bit going through New York and New
Jersey and Chicago and all those places
so we're probably gonna drive we'll have
like a little road trip so stay tuned
for those details anyways I got the vlog
from yesterday edited and uploaded and
it's 4 o'clock in the afternoon and now
I'm going for a beach run baby whoo
feeling good telling you what man you
get up early in the morning you start
getting things done and it set your
whole day right you feel way better hi
guys now I'm King teacher and my dad
went on with his little quick run and he
told me to film a little bit so I'm
gonna do film say hello baby pad now dad
told us to be funny in the video so
we're gonna be funny okay now what we're
gonna do is we're gonna read up like
Olivia Olivia and the fairy princess
it's excellent here the fairy princess
isn't it I wouldn't eat that if I were
you after you've done that so we're
gonna read this book and Oprah then it's
just to show you and thank you very much
bye hey everybody what's going on we are
on a date I'm on a date with Casey
laughs here we're going to the Move
movies we're going to support our buddy
Dan with Toby oh all right good sweetie
it's a three-way date we're gonna
support buddy Dan Toby with his new
documentary please subscribe and I
actually have a little cameo a lot of
you tweeted me and said that you saw a
preview for it in movie theaters which
is exciting you know what's really cool
is this is the very first time I will
ever see my mug on a big screen
probably last - what
hopefully not and hopefully our
documentary gets on the big screen
that's what we're hoping Congrats to Dan
and all the success I guess this movie
is planned tonight all around the
country so if you had to see it did you
know where it's playing at I looked at
it it's is where it's at playing out at
the Pine Ridge 10 Pine Ridge - yep
that's the hour movie theater we grew up
going to byzant that crazy do you hold
people in our hometown go see it tonight
yeah it's all over the country tonight I
should have mentioned this sooner so
some of you could have wasn't seen it
but if you did go see it last night
which is tonight for us last night for
you let me know comment below there it
is please subscribe a documentary about
YouTube it's pg-13 is probably Hannah
Hart cussing or something that's why
it's pg-13 I'm excited to see this this
is cool a YouTube movie at detour we're
here at the rave a tween like the giant
giant giant theater brave motion
pictures let's go to the movies oh it
smells like popcorn and this is the
first time I've been to the movies since
I've started my sugar thing no licorice
I'm right up the stairs that's one of my
other goals whenever I travel whenever I
go to airports I always take the stairs
that's my commitment whenever I travel
is I never take the walkways or the
escalators look how unhealthy are doing
that's so unhealthy to take the
escalator watching while texting oh good
okay ready dude
Sun hard wants to see what this looks
like for himself okay okay unbelievable
stadium the right technique for Miranda
and a great bull for Vukovich I'm gonna
see this film in the movie scene or
information so uh yeah sit tight thank
you and I hope you enjoy whoa dad yeah
I'm gonna put us on YouTube
Alessandra didn't take a hold of the
market on YouTube lovely day
what's it like in LA 70 perfect like you
could wear a coat if you want to feel a
little more
what kind of perfect do you want my name
is Craig my channel is wheezy waiter
eating at maker studios with Shay Carl
because he and I are going to be hosting
on stage at VidCon together so we're
gonna brainstorm and talk out some ideas
for hosting and also I'm gonna see Maker
I've never seen maker studios before I
hear that it's awesome and elaborate and
successful and striving and all those at
your tips this is my brother he's
playing the boat and we're like on the
season 13 so mark that down you can
pre-order it now by going to please
subscribe fill uncom and yeah I hope you
guys enjoy the movie I hope you guys
enter the contest and I just want to see
it again you could always just check it
out comes out like a month or so so yeah
again thanks for coming guys and how'd
you get soon but
okay we just saw please subscribe and
there was a funny moment where I was
yelling in the theater and then Ali was
the Elliot and I was like hey I know her
and then there's Montana Dana Danner
Richards I said I said your name really
weird on what's trending I was like
banana Danna I was like in this weird
moment where I was trying to say I'm
like Queen standard Dana I used to call
her Dana when she first moved on I'm
like Dana and she's like it's Dan unlike
banana so then I just started calling
her Montana danna-banana Jana Montana
Dena dunno that's the French dinner the
dinner anyway so it was a great movie
Dean we did a great job thumbs up your
name's not Dana is it same Dobby Dan oh
what a cook Dame dad Jane tip or Noreen
orange Dan Dobby did please subscribe me
my name's right comedian right and then
there's four main hey ho dude go watch
his video what's the awards show you
guys snuck into the Golden Gloves he
snuck into the Golden Gloves hilarious
story I'll put a link below go watch
that we work with Jemaine at Maker
all right bye ladies oh we're going up
we remember what we're on three all
right don't up dude these end slates are
getting freaky so tell me on yesterday's
vlog on the end slate who clicked on the
two years ago button and went and saw
that I actually did do a thing of
service remember yesterday I was talking
about like I wanted to serve other
people well two years ago to the day
I went and charged a ladies battery and
we showed you and then I talked about
that same exact concept saying like you
guys should comment below and tell me
what a good person I am it's weird I'm
telling you life is cyclical or
something I'm not sure maybe these end
slates are magical that's right so don't
miss out on maybe there's I haven't
checked yet I'm gonna go click on the
one two and three years ago and see what
happened one two and three years ago
maybe something happened in those videos
that happened today it's like we're
repeating our lives every year but we're
just getting better hopefully little at
a time so if you have it there's a link
for yesterday's vlog and if you're
feeling lucky you know what I'm not even
have you guess and be surprised with
what the fill and lucky button is I'm
gonna tell you if you click on the I'm
feeling lucky button it's the brand-new
podcast with Daily Grace who was just in
today's vlog because she was in the
movie please subscribe you don't know
who Daily Grace is the girl in the movie
who talked about coming to maker to
check out maker where Ron takes his
shirt off she is our new guest on the
wind the kids go to sleep podcast be
sure to follow us on the wtk GTS twitter
our podcast has its own Twitter and we
tweet whenever we go live and all the
new guests that are on the show all
right love you guys
and mañana we will see you mwah mwah
mwah
