hey what's up I saw you on the Internet
hey Monday how're you doing I'm doing
good that you do hate you month
no it's Tuesday for you then you're
watching on Tuesday it's money good for
us long did a podcast but first we gotta
get a Jews the trip over each other to
get the Jews Daily Grace alright guys
you have no idea how many times we're
like not sure you guys is this sugar
it's not sugar it's it's salted almonds
and pure maple maples natural we can
have natural sugar yeah like that's
rigours you got the blog can't run this
is a good opportunity talk about this
Daily Grace was just here tall funny
beautiful stupid but should be on the
podcast Wednesday so I have been gave me
a lot of comments about this whole sugar
thing here's the deal for me and Sun
tardes no sugar for a year we're talking
pop candy cookies cake ice cream
basically like the obvious ones right
not like but like honey I've had honey
on my granola the last couple days not
curate we're trying to get natural foods
into our body instead of like you know
white refined white refined sugar and
coarse earth corny traps yeah so we're
not like gonna be like giant Nazis like
you can at each other at all but like
the basic no brainers no pop no candy no
cookies no donuts no cakes no ice cream
that kind of stuff so I was just eating
one of these almonds that is pure maple
syrup maples from a tree yeah so of
course there's sugar in here but it's
natural sugar so that's cool so fruit is
natural slowly it is no yeah okay brains
here okay we're gonna go podcast it up
before this is gonna go right yeah
everything has sugar things like once
you eat bread it turns into sugar in
your body right so just take these more
natural things like sweet breads and
just you know try to cut it as much
refined stuff
your life as possible and preservatives
stuff like that
almonds doing a little little thing to
do your best just died on the way to the
groundhog season chatter then that means
six more weeks of winter but if it
doesn't then we don't know that it's
springtime sweet show us your magic
trick for this one to come you won't be
needing your Joker
okay oh god where is it
that's crazy trying to keep the box in
its magic princess
okay magic trick number two who wants to
see my wobbly pencil me me I do I want
to see it I want to see it Oh super
wobbly is it wobbling that looks more
wobbly
that's wobbly good job just another
Manic Monday I think to myself what have
I accomplished today
I accomplished anything worthwhile I
went to the podcast this morning got to
interview Daily Grace got to catch up
with her then I went home I did go on a
10-mile run that felt good edited the
vlog now I'm going to pick up the kids
but sometimes do you ever think yourself
what if I actually done today
if I'd done anything worthwhile today am
I making a difference am i changing
anybody's lives I was just recently
listening to this CD on tape the CD on
tape book on tape
vs CD form the CD on fukken to peace
silly monkey and the person givin it was
talking about service if we are doing
service and that's actually kind of what
really brings you know happiness to our
lives if we're serving other people and
sometimes I like to tell myself but I
feel like I'm serving people through the
vlogs I feel like it brings happiness
and people will you know receive smiles
and that's good service but am i doing
that because I want to make people happy
or is it because of what they are pays
our bills and stuff what if I wasn't
getting paid to do the flocs what I
still do them when I still be as excited
and passionate about doing them and then
you know it came into this like I'm like
I need to do more I need to figure out a
way to like help people more I don't
know man I've been thinking that lately
I want to try to you can't you know that
it's like oh look at me I'm such a good
person I want to help people you know
why do you want to help people do you
want to help people so that other people
see you helping people and then you get
you look like a good person because then
that's your reward in just like oh he's
such a good person he's helping people I
think you need to help people in an
amant animosity anonymously don't help
people with animosity help them
anonymously because then you're really
doing good you know but then I can never
tell you guys because if I tell you that
I'm doing good and then I go and show
you of me helping somebody then it's
like oh he's just doing it cuz he wants
us to think that he's a good person but
if I do it anonymously then I can never
tell you and you'll never know about it
I'm not gonna tell you guys but I
probably helped like a bunch of people
today but I'm not gonna tell you about
it so what you think I'm a good person
that doesn't work anyways
more than anything I want to teach my
children that that's important out of
all the things and crazy things that
we've ever done in the vlogs one big
thing they always remember is for the
project for awesome two years ago not
this last one cuz I didn't do what I'm a
failure I need to do a makeup one but I
took the all the kids to Toys R Us and
we bought a bunch of toys to take to the
fire station for kids
were less fortunate and they still to
this day remind me about that and want
to do that more so I want to teach them
you know to help others and that that's
what's important in this life
see now I'm just saying that cuz I want
you to think I'm a great dad I can never
win alright let's go pick up those brats
from gymnastics how is gymnastics what
did you learn did you learn work ethic
this this is called a flip camera I use
it to film my children so that they can
hate me later I don't know ask her ask
her if she hates me okay I'm glad that's
a relief in my ears I have ears did you
know that what you don't say I didn't
know that I thought I was unique how
many years do you have what nice quarter
baby tart okay where's your sister has
she done yeah okay she's still
practicing av tart has some friends that
she plays with her hair after the
gymnastics cover questions for shape hey
princess heart how is gymnastics osios I
saw you climb the rope I was impressed
baby turns out all these chairs up she
was having a gathering oh now it turns
into a fort I think that dress is too
big for you Cinderella you obviously did
not wear that to the ball or else it
would fit you just right you sure I
thought Cinderella's dress fit her just
right that looks too long for you now
we're in the sort of chairs I'm gonna
get okay come on we got to go home
daddy's hungry gonna be dinner time
alright sit down at the table it's time
to belly up to this delicious and a Sun
tart how's it tasting we got salads
we got noodles I hooked me up myself up
with a big salad yeah
hey where's your salad you need to have
some salad no you didn't eat it
it's there chia seeds they're a
superfood I read about it in a book
the tammer era Indians eat oh that
they're good enough for the Indians are
good enough for you you're eating that
much I don't care I don't want to hear
your excuses
you eat those chia seeds are delicious
I'll make you run twenty hundred
thousand miles don't you want to run you
can't even taste them eat it
I want all that salad gone before those
dinners over where I will tear one of
your pigtails off you can choose which
one Colette is not with us at dinner
tonight we are super sad she is that the
naive Knowles watching their baby
Colette did you take your camera with
you Colette cut to Colette if she did
Colette you better have
she is so sweet Brittany and Austin were
sweet enough to let me babysit their
little precious and I loved her and no
I'm not baby hungry okay maybe I am a
little bit are you baby hungry Arthur my
name's Oscar do you want another baby
sure yeah he does not as that didn't he
I think he did
Oh anyways I'm going to take this baby
home with me say this one wait what I
can be at home
not going home with you absolutely not
no get out of here lady you sustained
too well what a rude little doggy I
cannot believe he spoke to my wife like
that that is just that's why we're
getting a Great Dane absolutely getting
to Great Dane puppies right there that's
your reasoning right there well we found
ourselves and this little lovely land
called n slate Vil once again yesterday
was super exciting for me this one two
and three button in the middle is like a
walk down memory lane for me I had no
idea and did not realize but yesterday I
clicked on the three years ago button
and found out that it was my 3 year
anniversary for having this exact same
laptop my little laptop here it was his
birthday yesterday he's 3 years old and
I had no idea if I wouldn't have clicked
on that button kind of shocked actually
that this thing has last
as long as it has as many videos and
compressing and uploading that I've done
on this thing it is done quite the job
so check those out it's fun to see what
we've been doing one year two years ago
and three years ago right there in the
middle and then yesterday's vlog and if
you're a fellow mocking yeah no I got oh
all right just love you guys
don't forget to thumbs up okay we'll see
you tomorrow
