hello my family hello my one-time gal
hello my son
hello my little pal yeah hello I'm a
family dude that's not good hush my
thought up remember that it's on iTunes
but yeah what are you crazy
if I had a nickel for every time yes
means yeah uh-huh yeah well that solar
line another line put that down on the
lyric of songs okay right I just wrote
what are you talking about major he'll
run today major he'll run today
beautiful flowers come on go it up up up
up up and there's Hawks guys four or
five Hawks circling around swooping down
okay guys here's the flower thank you
that's for you guys oh and this one's
for me look at these are the treasures
they give me along the trail
you're so lucky you dick look
there's some berries I don't know if
they're poisonous don't eat them all
right well here we are the first rest
spot Gavin bless his heart is carrying
all of the water how many we put a bunch
in there there's that big one and then
there's like one two three four of these
32 ounce somebody do some math for me
what is 4 times 32 ounces of water times
how much is that 60 set a liter
what is that a gallon that's a gallon
add that all how much is that 20 pounds
somebody who's smart
means 168 ounces all right we're getting
flowers we're getting hikes we're
getting beautiful shots of scenery and
also we can see nature yes I am very
very thirsty look at this thank you
what do you call it oh look there's bees
on it that's a thistle the one that
you're who your your eats thistles as
tall as you are
yeah and there's a lot of bees right
there so I'm gonna walk away from Omaha
give me a whistle for your thistles
that's pretty purple whistle though I'm
just gonna set it we'll get our own way
back - hey well you're gonna get a full
range of nature hey what's up here I
love it what nice we're all still alive
check out what somebody stacked right
there isn't that cool fine well
depending on how you look at it camera's
not waterproof it's either cool or holy
crap it's rainin what do you think do
you like it I love it
awesome babe
smell the air it's raining red spice for
all of the spices oh hello little guy
what a lucky dude I wish I had this
guy's job look at this guy
congratulations buddy this guy man he
has got an office with a view you know
what I'm saying look at that this guy
right here wasn't around this flower see
him where'd he go oh there he is this is
kind of magical
Wow look there's diamonds all over the
ground rocks I look shiny I have a rock
climber Oh
broccolis it is slippery when wet get
down from there
that kid is fearless scares me and I
thought I was fearless
and you become a father and then you're
like oh there's here I can see them
bleeding
what have we stumbled upon what he's
Indian I can see them breathing are they
eating something no need to get it
moving don't touch it
I think they're just kind of all
relaxing like it's like a group meeting
conference call probably big maybe looks
like there's a smiley face on its back
the dogs
yeah reals like this I think so huh
praise the mountain it's running a
slippery dip redock the hub the hump
Humpty Dumpty yeah I know I'm an old man
I cannot afford a fall on the hip on the
knee you're a handsome man love you
alright alright alright so we're back to
the car the reasonably maid Gavin carry
the backpack full of water is because
he's gonna be going on a campout soon a
hike um I recently got these sandals I
want to put them on I take my hiking
boots off stop fighting young men that's
a that's an awesome blue rock I was
right in the middle of a monologue here
Glen Plake anyways I said semi have a
knife Gavin
said hey they're throwing rocks each
other what what do you do see discipline
take your belt off shell whooping that
is awesome Thank You Gavin for being
prepared
that's the Scout motto be prepared I
want to wear these sandals gonna take
off my Hawking boots all right you guys
look this is the soccer field soccer
field soccer field soccer field well
it's it's patchy it needs a little more
TLC well maybe a lot TLC but uh you ever
seen a sky like that yo you ever seen
clouds like that ever seen sunset like
that that's so nice
um we are here at this fire pit we got a
fire pit look the boys are out to roll
in it Gavin let's go play in that soccer
field Chuy
we built a soccer field let's play in it
am I right broccolis let's go play some
soccer k in the soccer pins only pins my
armpit oh these are good cherry pit
really pits are there man I don't want
to fall that would be the pits
ha ha ha ha ha Jackson there's a baby
huh
you guys what's going on here
told you it'd have a soccer field the
grass is looking pretty good there's
some strong blades I'm seeing some
strong blades oh hi buddy all right
let's go play some soccer yeah we'll
play some soccer out there all right
good kick get it
what's he said needs soccer ball shoes
we gotta get some goals now next step
good move Gavin soccer shoes on get a
dachshund go get it
well sucks being the shortest one on the
field sometimes whoa I like those shoes
man y'all right here comes blondie here
comes the doggy Patrol hey buddy what's
going on to rethink to Uncle run around
on it run around on it ah but don't I
don't know if I want Zeke run around
although he's coming big old paws dig
holes in it don't dig holes in Ezekiel
it hyper if you a super hyper he'd be
like pattern peeling out Great Danes man
if you've ever had a Great Dane that's
about two years old that's hyper you
know they can tear up some grass in a
real big hurry they have these big ol
meaty hooks I just start running around
both of my Great Danes and put holes in
the sheet rock okay go rob one if the
holes right the she rocks are just
running around the house running to the
side of the wall when I love with other
great dogs your regular but you try to
be something
we are
oh say
in the shade
John
you
