oh all right here we go my handsome
prince actually you look in that red my
god morning fast oh yeah you look great
babe oh you know I really got as a
compliment I'm gonna say thanks babe
I just put these back sweet lips on
yours you better cuz I need a lip get a
car you brat we're headed to the Color
Run I'm gonna be so much more colorful
by the time you see me next
oh hell yeah soon the Color Run is I run
and then I get paint thrown on me myself
oh I don't think of that kids around the
Color Run I don't know you guys we're
gonna be busy chucking paint at people
okay okay so I need your best paint
throwing faces all right would you
better be now
there's nothing more attractive than a
man pushing a stroller it's really good
news baby Turk get out there and move
your booty dog here we are at Dodger
Stadium for the 2013 color run some
darts shooting all over the place you do
dancing and scooting oh nice move
running man running man getting weird
looks from people getting weird let's go
sassy rock cards eating pretzels
look it's Jedward
lovely my dear impressive this is the
perfect place Travie scooter and we
should all bring scooters next time to
the Fun Run
okay so third I want to see clear that
water you don't get over I'm gonna punch
you in the kidney is it bigger oh he's
smashed in mine dude you got like three
feet of air that time oh he's been
released dancing machine isn't good yeah
yeah buddy move it Clara do Clara what
is this stuff
happiest 5k on the planet you just Chuck
this Color Run let me see your shirt I
like those shirts those we're pretty
cool so here's what you have to look
forward to mommy turn look at all their
dirty this is the before and that's the
after cute jerks
sassy I want one of those dancers just
tell me one of those
kids are freaking out over the baby what
do you think zooming you gotta see a
sweet video suit I'm showing I'm showing
Austin the one little clip from the
Devin Supertramp video that I did and I
can't wait forward to coming to say
shape called a fetus man I did no no no
baby and my panties
little mr. man's gonna try scoot himself
even though it's taller than he is got
it dude keep going
good job stupid scooter oh man I'm not
tall enough all right here we go the
2013 color run with mommy time give us
some inspirational words before you go
run this thing young lady
so inspirational now dance hmm please
please pop it pop it pop it lock it and
drop it yeah yeah yeah
see some twerking real quick what okay
this thing is about to get serious here
in a few minutes there are 10,000 people
lined up all armed with color packets
about to have a rainbow of exciting this
here just a second good a sea of people
10,000 people in white t-shirts and
color packets to be quite the spectacle
is that all these people come running by
Oh
there they go there they go
you know them college rocks hard we
gotta go see your mommy
whoa 10,000 runners dropped her his
trainer runaway began but the race
hustle
mommy jar will be along shortly
high-five camp high-five cam high-five
cam come on give it up keep it up for
the high-five cam yeah yeah yes I'm
talking about
high-five cam high-five high-five cam
there we go there we go there we go
there we go nice tell your idea
I still do high five high five ki5 there
we go five
I love
Wow
okay so we're looking for mami tarde
he's in here somewhere keep your eye
still we'll see you're gonna find her
I'm going to give her a kiss okay my
five can high five right there right
there high five there you go give it to
him give it a high five high five damn
high five high five yeah yeah that comes
by it's gonna be the makeout can just
wait we're gonna picture my flip camera
here do it I've got fun job your dog
fake all you have time thank you so much
you smell good too fancy up cool okay so
mommy wasn't in that heat there deep in
the pack maybe I'll be in this next heat
the unicorn installed sundered scooter
she let him borrow that okay it's down
on a rock guards level now rock guard
you ready mommy's coming neck mommy's
coming by neck they're doing it in heat
of like a thousand people cuz there's
10,000 people but Colette's in this next
heat
nice okay here comes mommy get ready get
ready here comes mommy
hi-5 cam pretty chart has her sign out
are your sign I love :
here comes mommy here she comes kisses
kisses kisses kisses I love you guys
ketchup and bread
love you good luck she's shucking color
boom
and she's off he said I'm Shaytards
that's you guys
this is sweet like you inhale the color
as they run by it's like
you just imagine running with all that
powder in your lungs hey you guys so
where is the color run as we speak it's
kind of crazy I'm learning as I go
pretty much I guess we were actually
supposed to see this packet to the end
of the race now even read instructs we
don't read an instruction that's right
on the bag
come on Collette well we just went
through the first wave of color
where's just like a ton of people like
spraying us with this little blue powder
so the first one was blue looks like the
second one kind of orange
oh this is really bouncy I'm sorry oh
okay I'll see you after orange or a
couple colors later bye okay we're
headed to the first color pit stop they
shut colors at you as you run through
these different gates that's always
ridiculous ridiculous right so here's
the yellow gate and they just douse you
with yellow powder I think they actually
use tang this the spot is sponsored by
Tang Bao Oh we'll love you again
specifiy they are dancing the Color Run
today
I love it we need more music I love that
he's got the long legs that's so funny
that's really what we were we're just
running when we saw them dancing I was
like oh that's kids are dancing then I
realize I'm like well it's fun we're
finding friends on our Color Run today
here they come they're coming for their
car Oh somebody's rolling why are we
doing this so for the first five minutes
we're here I'm like kids stay out of the
powder don't touch it get out of it and
then five minutes of I only got tired of
telling them and now look we have what
we're dealing with now they're on their
knees trying to get all this powder into
the bottle so they can throw it at mommy
guard when she comes by you ready okay
I'm ready to get her I better keep your
eyes peeled make sure you see her print
to start more think you got any on your
tights good baby talking about you
don't-don't-don't way gosh I'm gonna be
in trouble from mommy car when she comes
by the way you're all green there she is
right there
there's one
go get her go get her chase her down
murderer with color and they disappear
into the yellow smoke forever you did it
don't touch me get away he was it hard
to run with all that does do not run
this ring right I was I was just
standing over there and I was like
inhaling it yeah I'm proud of you how
was it was hard great
it's more for fun yeah I miss meet your
5k time yeah that's what I call it a fun
run you look great you look
oh no I don't know mine trouble
I broke the scooter no no no no but your
focus happens the tap-tap-tap crew who
is down here walking like an Egyptian
walk like an Egyptian you're not walking
like an Egyptian bro keep going keep
going walk like an Egyptian like this
I'm not sure why they walk like that
they walk like an Egyptian like this
doctor done like your scarf we're doing
some Super Bowl snack shopping getting
all the delicatessens of the big game
day who you rooting for tomorrow I think
I'm gonna go Ray Lewis but by the time
this goes up we'll already know
go Ray Lewis I hope you want I like your
work ethic I like your intensity I like
your your biceps they're big and round
like that I like that red lips yeah I
bet you like those big round biceps now
especially cuz I got two Super Bowl
rings to put on them hair Oh Raymond he
all right you're made it to another end
Slade this is a veritable launch pad of
entertainment ladies and gentlemen there
are so many clickable options for you
here and once you understand what all
these little button button buttons mean
the one two three in the middle are what
the Shaytards were doing one year ago
two years ago and three you know what
I'm you know what this is right and I'm
trying to think about what was I doing
on this day exactly one year ago I know
I was getting ready to run the LA
Marathon can you believe it's almost
been a year since I ran the LA Marathon
I actually can't decide if that feels
like that's been forever ago longer than
a year
or if I'm shocked that it's already been
an entire year since I ran my very first
marathon check out yesterday's vlog we
have a one-take Sunday from the
Superbowl party of fun friends and food
and fanatical fascinating yeah and then
of course you got the feeling lucky
button big exciting news we
had grace from Daily Grace on the
podcast today that'll be up on Wednesday
so be sure to check it out and we'll see
y'all tomorrow maro maro bara I got a
really work on a some sort of maybe
jingle or something like that I'll work
on it
