singing Alicia wrong timing Ray Lewis
she wasn't ready to sing the last part
Alicia Keys everybody
ray
here we go Super Bowl Sunday
she's not lip-syncing that either she's
really singing that good for her here we
go everybody it is football Sunday here
at America we had food football fun and
children everywhere alright so let's go
over what we're about to eat on this
delicious day I'm gonna pause it but I
don't want to miss the first commercial
I think like the first commercials are
the best and we're still in food
preparation mode we have all kinds of
cutting dicing slicing he's gonna do all
the seasoning he doesn't know that yet
but I'm gonna mix all the stuff and then
all right we have a giant cheese tray
with crackers oh I'm gonna dip in that
cheese ball right there
I just wanna see that can I grab the
ball oh it's false advertising that's
not a ball that's a half Mound I just
wash my hands don't worry that's false
ball advertising we have a giant shrimp
cocktail here of course the treats
we got the nachos which will be used oh
good job I'm gonna help you cut that up
I got a bunch of lines to on a bunch of
limes in there this will not be in my
mouth today cuz I'm not allowed to have
it
mommy tart got some taquitos Casey's
making my dad's favorite famous wings
that makes them delicious and then we're
going to have what else we haven't babe
we've got you look pretty today
mommy tart is sporting some new shoes
that she just recently got Kaylee who
you rootin for today in the big game
Niners your Bay Area fan I don't really
care I was saying I won't wanted Ray
Lewis to win because it's his very last
game and I like his hustle go Eagles
KC's an Eagles fan
she's our hobbies sure like Formula
Delphia Eagles Madness did you know Ray
Lewis was a murderer dude yeah what
anybody else tell me that he was
acquitted to the charges though so it
means you didn't do it means he didn't
do it right OJ Simpson I don't know man
I'm pissing people off right now I have
not watched one football game this
entire season so I don't really know who
to report I want a good game and funny
commercials that's what I'm rootin for
uh so I
laughs rayless committed murder or not I
hope he didn't Hey
busted you're guilty of something I can
see it in your faces what have you been
doing
is there asleep
what have you guys been doing were you
being loud were you kissing him what
were they doing son guard talkies oh as
you guys were hiding talkies in here why
do you like talkies so much Dart
oh yeah it's act like I just busted you
smoking weed in your room or something
let me see him let me see him these kids
love these and they just hid them behind
the trash you guys it's Super Bowl
Sunday indulge at your delight who's
your favorite team the Cowboys how can
you be a Cowboys fan and your dad's the
biggest Philadelphia Eagles fan out
there had a kid my brother said that you
like some Giants
yeah who doesn't love somebody who
smashes other people what do you think
baby tart who are you rooting for today
in the big game hi I'm Mellie no-one who
do you want Ray Lewis so last night when
centaur we're we went to the store last
night if you saw my Instagram picture we
were at a Ralph's grocery store like
11:30 last night getting a bunch of
stuff so I don't have to buy it today
and Centaurs like dad what's the Super
Bowl and so I was telling him this is
like the two best teams in the world
this is what these dudes work for their
entire lives to get to this game this is
like the creme de la creme of football
games he said who are we rooting for and
I said I don't know I don't care who
really wins I said it'd be cool I
thought if Ray Lewis won because this is
his last game apparently I feel like
he's worked really hard he has a good
work ethic and so I was saying that but
then I tweeted today that I was rooting
for Ray Lewis so I thought he had a good
work ethic and he hustles and is
aggressive and then everybody informed
me that apparently he was acquitted of
murder which is never good you know you
don't be involved in any any type of
accusations or allegations like that but
more importantly what I am excited for
is to dip this shrimp in this cocktail
sauce the Super Bowl is just about
food and family and commercials it's all
the f-words of the Sabbath food family
fun hmm Wow and freedom Frito Lays that
is a good shrimp I've had some good trip
in my day you know I'm Pio does I forgot
to get lemons you got it you got to
squeeze some lemon juice on top of that
you have some lemon juice Casey let's
put some lemon juice on top of the
shrimp that makes it better
Oh somebody already dove into the cheese
ball that gives me permission I don't
know if lime is as good as lemon you
guys don't need all the shrimp okay
we have guests coming over save some
yeah you only have one shrimp each a
little shrimp I'm going to try it I'm
gonna try this cheese ball mm-hmm
okay see I already had a Super Bowl
penalty that's five yards to the
opposing team get out of here you loser
you're not in welcome to this party
anymore whoo you guys rooting for today
let me know in the comments and what are
you eating
what are your Super Bowl traditions we
don't have any Super Bowl attrition is
doing who's texting you babe they coming
don't tell him we have a secret passage
orders young girls what are you doing
let me see your performance dude that
was really good don't be shy nothing
okay good I'm glad you're doing nothing
oh oh what's happening here no I'm not
doing anything I'm not doing anything I
promise I'm doing nothing what that's a
cool I'm not doing anything just let me
know if that tickles
algebra do is tell me that tickles
you do a trick oh nice
that's impressive dude hold it for 10
seconds ready I'm gonna count go want
ready 1 2 point your toes keep those
knees straight 3 4 5 hold it 6 point
your toes 7 keep those legs up straight
good job yeah you probably went about 12
seconds you're getting stronger dude I'm
impressed that old gymnastics is paying
off pressive and Braley I saw in a
recent Instagram picture is doing dance
you're gonna be a ballerina
you're such a pretty pretty ballerina do
you know that I used to be a ballerina
that's how I met your aunt Colette I was
in ballerina school and your aunt
Colette saw my pointer shoes and she
thought that's a hint I'm telling a
story here oh that is a pretty ballerina
look at a little ballerina that's
precious that's precious babies what
which did you choose go get them
there's boys in the in the ballerina
class or is it just dance or ballet
do you wear tutus I think you look I
think you look cute in the tutu bro
you're so handsome out oh alright easy
with the aggression Ray Lewis alright
Super Bowl Sunday the drap is excited
I'm just happy to be alive sure hope you
guys are having a great Sunday we'll see
you tomorrow we have exciting footage of
Collette running the Color Run
and I've already edited a little bit of
it and she was sweating it looks like
she's sweating green sweats
it's really tired work gage give us one
last sign of advice and salutation to
the world
give me one tip one thing that can help
people live a happier and better life
at church about all right on that note
you should all repent and be baptized
we'll see you tomorrow a few fun takes
led to everybody let's go Niners or
Ravens whoever you want to win
