Oh
I just can't get enough hi our powers
combined we make toys the baby toward
the printers toward the Sun toward the
retard and the always beautiful
good morning it's Friday
I love it she's got really bright colors
going on with the gray top and her hair
totally looks like Taylor Swift today
doesn't it look at that
totes Taylor Swift oh okay I'm watching
we're ready
okay there they are
good job good job high five I like my 5
hit this book yeah
you would like to buy that does this
pillow come with a puppy in it I love
you dude he found this ball and he was
kicking that around for a while and then
you decided to hide okay you ready to go
yeah
Brad this story I had to buy some
envelopes and a laundry basket and look
what I found
Taylor Swift notebooks so I had to get
to you know we just like Taylor Swift
okay okay okay I'm here she's in my show
it's Friday it's when I shoot the Katie
let show I distract two episodes a
little bit nervous about one of them so
you guys will just have to wait and see
when it comes out I make a video every
Wednesday if you guys didn't know on my
channel it's called Katie let I know bye
good to see you again
it's called Katie let know my name is
still Colette I get that ASSA all the
time Oh Kayla or plaid or gonna be tired
I don't get it but my real name's
collect my youtube name is Katie let and
I am mommy card and forever will be
mommy tired so go check that out on
Wednesday along with the podcast and
Shaytards video what else do we post
someone's day I feel like there was one
other thing
anyways I'll think about it and get back
to you we have a lot of journals okay
okay
sorry about that
what did you want why are you screamin
silly little thing that I know in it you
can you can write whatever you want in
it you could even write the story you
could start writing stories or whatever
you want mom I'm right here gross baby
tard disgusting okay dude what do you
think do you like your new chair so I
finally gave in and bought a new car
seat I was looking everywhere for the
hooks to the car seat I lost these
pieces the pieces that go into the
buckle and I know that I could probably
contact the maker of the car see and
like get some more but I'm just like ah
I don't know where all that information
is and I'm just I'm just gonna bite
anyone so I got a new one I got a really
cheap one and he loves it so I'm glad it
worked out fine and this would actually
can transition it into a booster seat
later on so we're good so to get for
puking in your car seat you get a new
one awesome
jelly's high-fives please doctors
leaving me hanging high five my mom ago
really read it yeah
I love you
someone's looking mighty beautiful this
evening
if I was to fall in love and to marry
someone for all time and eternity it
would be rocked are definitely
definitely wrong target hey you guys
ready to eat I'm starving with my mouth
off my mouth is starving off let's get
warmed up let's all practice chewing go
come on
I don't need ten repetitions Oh mouth
closed good you pay call your foods
falling out you shoe and you're cut like
an old horse I just punched you sorry
that's okay cuz I said I loved you
moments earlier so it's cool don't drink
all your pop a part of the food gets
here I can just like my parents
20 years ago ladies we are at a brand
new burger establishment called smash
anybody ever been here before have you
been here before
brought charge countess is Lightning
McQueen car you did where was it
oh man and to think me and Colette both
ran down to the pole looking for it it
was that what do we record that on the
live show yeah yeah I mean Colette bolt
that's why I had to do the cinnamon
challenge because looking for that Dame
thing I almost died because of that
Steve McQueen card I hope you love us
later on in life when you go back and
you watch these videos and you'll
realize that your mom and dad were
racing down to the pool to try to find
this little mr. speed between who Steve
McQueen no too crowded this new
establishment called smash burger which
I've never been what are you doing we're
just doing some magic tricks we're just
bet some cash back here $150,000 like in
this card is a card your card is my card
yeah that's my card okay
okay this one pick any one should I pick
this one okay this is my card look don't
the worst magic show bar all over
yourself like a drunken munkey how the
gas is done okay I guess we can go just
fill them up some gasoline okay I'm
shutting your legs in the truck shutting
the legs what are you doing doing a
little a little dancing okay cool
shutting your legs dark desert semi if
that hurts
crazy mean yes holy monkey socks how'd
you get that watch your language young
lady
alright mommy tarts tired you want to go
home and do some cuddling babe let's go
do 15 20 minutes of cuddling what are
you doing you driving you want to drive
home okay baby turns driving home what
do you got there oz your head then they
excited for the day you get your
driver's license what kind of car you
gonna have
do you have a truck you want a truck go
my car I would love to see a 16 year old
baby thar driving this truck around I
think I think she'd intimidate all the
boys what do you think
don't turn 16 you'll become a brat well
hey change your name to what alright sit
down and shut up and get your safety
harnesses on the ship is leaving the gas
Depot Hey look we got a new aunt wait a
minute this is all this crap oh just cuz
bread makes our new end slightly things
he can put his picture of his mom who
looks like Paula Abdul kind of right
there that Paula Abdul
oh no that's Bret's mom Bret that's not
the real end slate get out of here Bret
go get move there that's the real end
slate a lot have you been asking for the
one two and three if you don't know what
the one two and three in the middle are
we'll actually if you're thinking to
yourself I wonder what the Shaytards
were doing exactly this same day three
years ago today well you can click on
that button you want to see what we were
doing two years ago number two is your
number if you want to see what we're
doing exactly one year ago today click
the button 365 days ago what were we
doing click that number one button and
then of course rodeo arcade right there
with the R that's where you get some
shirts and hats and cell phone cases and
fun stuff and then all the other social
media thingamajigger all right love you
guys we'll see you tomorrow happy
weekend to you get me guys come on kiss
me kiss me yeah that's just getting
weird ok we'll see you tomorrow
Bret Bret I am seeing that I can see
that get Bret get out of here young man
