what if I have to take you to the
hospital I don't want to take you to the
hospital
Oh Maddy water m'lady to our riding so
princess like we made it to school
good job princess chard don't tell
everybody what happened we walk to
school night okay so we were planning to
UM watch a sport but your mommy's tire
was hot so we had to walk and then my
tires wet so that I could ride my bike
right so we were gonna drive to school I
walked out my tires flat somehow I ran
over a nail or something it's like stuck
right in my tire and so then we had to
decide okay well I guess we're walking
to school we better hurry fast I didn't
have time to run back in and grab chase
keys so we walked to school today send
her down a scooter faint heart could
ride on the stroller but princess hard
couldn't ride her bike because it was
flat so she had to walk with me but she
moved her little legs really fast and
she did a good job but we made it to
school on time with six minutes to spare
we're champions aren't we baby card hi
guys okay jump Betty that was so elegant
hmm and you know stink her face
we tried to have a princess card right
there and he kept kicking her in the
back but she had two right there so that
she wouldn't have to walk on the lane
huh it's hard for two-year-olds to learn
to share their strollers but he did it
you did a good job
who's our Rock Park yeah grandma
did you see my you ha ha ha see when he
sees himself he calls himself my you
he's learning it's a process huh so
we're just watching the vlog I just got
home we got home from the post office
and I realized oh I have been working on
stuff like business and stuff all day
that I haven't even thought about dinner
so right now all unhooking is a pizza
cuz the kids are starving boring that's
nice
he doesn't like it when you're nice
though but try not to show a lot of my
house
bumper boy I'll butter up a pop-up
butter football we did it 183 thousand
26 dollars from 4699 funders thank you
guys thank you guys thank you we are in
a live chat at the Gryba household you
guys saw that okay look we're in here
say hi to yourselves
hello - hi my name type how hot I am
Kassem so good-looking I'm gonna cut
hottie it is muster on the catwalk
Cassidy is look oh my god they're typing
it they're so hot with ya holy hell look
how hot he is oh my god the camera
somebody British people in the chest
yeah somebody called me ugly at all
those I saw one that's another solid
positive emotions how my mind works you
see the one negative one negative and is
in red and I got a lot of character in
my face he has a lot of character that's
what ugly people say or he has a really
good personality anyways we hit the
campaign goal and as Qasim said I will
stop bothering you about talking about
the cat the documentary fundraiser just
got worse you sway you sway what a day
what a day I basically have been at
Kasim's house all day I had this Google
Chat hangout that we met with some other
youtubers via Gmail G was the comp
Google Chat and I had that this morning
at like 11:00 with Qasim and then I
edited and uploaded the vlog over there
and
we hit our goal on IndieGoGo so then we
went live so I've been at castings house
all day so now I'm walking home to my
family seriously excited about making
this movie and a big thank you everybody
who donated hey there guy look at me on
the street
this is the scene I come home to mom has
been conquered you're right babe what
happened son tard what looks like mommy
guards been denial ated will show at the
morning so she's a long story so I she
just flat by the way okay what's the
matter with the baby oh baby tard
you ate his pizza give that back right
now there's nothing worse than getting a
pizza stoled don't give me that cute
little smile that's a crime punishable
by death young lady the stealing of a
pizza will not be had in this right
teller che teller fat bearded che you
guys watching old Shh art videos raw
tard we're gonna cane her you don't have
to stand on your head bro I'm sorry they
smiling yeah happy now the dad walk
there are some clouds this whole time
daddy's home sad let me Dad get you dad
I love you oh you're so cute
what you won't get down you wah wah flat
tire on the minivan got to change it got
to put a little donut on it Oh doughnuts
I love doughnuts today what would I do
without you probably find another
and gentlemen raise your kids and change
your flat tires for you no I would I
just wouldn't laugh near as much perfect
I told mommy tard as she came home from
a stressful day with a flat tire I said
well at least you made it into your
parking spot cuz she ran over this hero
on the way home and then it started like
going Shh but she made us get up you
know good night
it looks like one of the things maybe
there's you came over like the little
bump inside the garage Bailey um do you
remember taking driver's training and
this was part of drivers training is
knowing how to change a tire no have you
ever changed the flat tire raise your
hand right now raise your hand if you're
watching me there's change the flat tire
have you been there for the other times
that we've changed a flat tire raise
your hand
that's a question we have a couple how
many times in the body I feel like I'm
not doing this right so I give you a
better way oh yeah yeah yeah look look
look look look
technology look at the technology work
smarter not harder
but twist this baby yeah now it's like
right he tied him to lift this van off
the ground
good job babe yeah there's another trick
to this just keep working I'll step on
my lemonade over here mmm
I wish I could happen you know what
happened you know how I said I'm not
having sugar I got into the freezer and
I saw one of mommy tarts of white
chocolate chip covered Oreos I reached
in with my grubby little hand I grab one
of those Oreos in anticipation to nibble
upon it and as I was withdrawing my hand
from said freezer with the delicatessen
in my fingers I remembered I promised I
wouldn't have any sugar and I had to do
the unthinkable and I had to put the
Oreo scrumdiddlyumptious bar back into
the freezer I hadn't gone to like the
mouth movement yet but as I had grabbed
it my fingers is like oh I can't write
to like sink my teeth in it all right as
I was about to go up to the mouth and
open my jaws of deliciousness I
remembered I made that promise but that
I was like okay and it's fine I can do
this no big deal
put it back I am not jealous besides
it's not even a sugar day say so even if
it was okay you have sugar it's not
sugar day did you have one else today
I had any all week long I've been really
good because last week I failed
miserably but this week I've done 100%
no sugar
now it's time to loosen them love no you
don't deserve love when you loosen lug
nuts babe what I just said I'd like it
look these are all heads anyone else
should I help you or should I just stay
here no the camera just fill me mm-hmm
you did a good job babe keep going over
oh wow
leverage perfect Batman leverage I'm
gonna have this tire change faster than
NASCAR pit crew ladies and gentlemen you
know my dad taught me this very
important thing I don't know if it
matters so much when you're taking a
look
Oh shipping subtle it matters so much
when you're taking the lug nuts off but
when you're putting them back on very
important to not just like tighten this
one all the way down then tighten this
one all the way down then tighten this
one all the way down you have to like
tighten this one a little bit tight this
a little bit if you rotate around with
the Titans I don't know what runs I
think it just helps like seal the tire
in there all the way boys
got my love nuts mmm you're cute I have
the cutest car changer tire man ever
dude is the great George
hip issue oh yeah yeah you rip this out
I call a place that might be able to
repair the tire it's a tire good job
babe get your little donut little
chocolate covered on it before you just
yeah oh oh yeah dude that sounds good
okay okay firefighting 101 everybody pay
attention I'm going to explain this to
how you do it first you finger tighten
all the love knot you lick your fingers
your little fingers and tighten them as
tight as they can go
then you take your wrench to tighten you
rotate and go across not next to you
cross nut grass not cross not cross not
cross not cross not and then go back to
the VP tighten tighten clasp nuts again
tighten tighten we have return of
tighten tighten
ha ha ha ha and last nut tighten tighten
the nut y'all pathetic this little well
don't it's so small look at this one boy
you're good comparatively speaking hey
just a little boy hi Charlie Hawkeye you
see somebody driving down the freeway
with one of those it's like they act
like a peanut other dress thank you oh
my gosh cracked ankle it's a crutch all
right that's how you change a tire no
big deal in favor I love you I couldn't
do without you Proctor what you doing
you a doggie hey whip you crazy baby we
praise you little puppy so she told the
kids that if they clean the house really
well while he was gone they would go
swimming after work and I have never
seen the kids and now so quickly look at
this they got this room clean they even
did the dishes by themselves that
doesn't happen very often their rooms
are moderately clean how do you think
SunGard
oh okay
their rooms sort of clean but I was
seriously impressed I think that if we
use a reward like going swimming every
day the rooms lost on us all the time
hi little puppy hello puppy what's that
what's that letter you know what that
letter is what's this one or shit what a
game
major no no no what letter is that what
is that that's a a yeah he's on my heel
puppy oh snap
daddy got you go you a go swimming that
thumbs up you just give me a double
thumbs up roll yeah Jimmy okay those
daddy's sandals can go swimming okay
Julie okay dad put these all let's go
let's go swim in so cute all right say
with me now everybody Oh
oh that is hot Todd monkeys you used to
it after you get an employee trick we
used to it out okay do you get used to
it let's start did you just say I'm cold
hey rock face say I love you father okay
Friday say rock face look at me say
you're the best dad ever say you're the
best dad ever say I love going to the
pool hello you are entering a live chat
on the blog TV and somehow somebody has
roped me into having a spoonful your own
ball of cinnamon I just content cinnamon
do yes smells good
this doesn't count as sugar right cuz I
told such a nice sugar there's no sugar
in it okay Natalie put in your mouth you
will realize all right so we're here
we're doing a live blog TV show and i am
recording this so if you miss the live
show i will put the link below so that
you can go re-watch this huh what not be
special you can see shaycarl do a
cinnamon challenge i think i'll actually
do that should I show it on the vlog I
guess I should okay here we go mm-hmm it
smells really good
okay goodness honey go like a level
teaspoon right I got good I thought I'd
find that's all right okay see that
there it is
hey Carlos that's too much wait a minute
wait a minute they're saying that we hit
200,000 on the IndieGoGo we did I'm here
to refresh fresh boom Shakalaka
$200,000 raised to make the documentary
of a century thank you thank you to all
of you who donated I sincerely
appreciate it thank you to everybody who
came to the live show Cheers
salud and good evening Oh what my
goodness why are you doing this
you spit it out what are you supposed to
do with it
hey you're supposed to hold it in your
mouth mm-hmm why that is dominant honey
what if I have to take you to the
hospital I don't want to take you to the
hospital
Oh Matt get it out ball oh my goodness
that's like the biggest stick of
cinnamon gum you've ever had in your
life
big red out of nothing on a cinnamon
challenge dude that was weird
Oh scary you couldn't raise your way in
your lung don't do that are you guys
watching don't do that just thought oh
man cuz then you look like that what
sucked man I was pathetic
that was a ton of cinnamon are you
kidding me no that's how I could have
done better you're cleaning this up yeah
I was trying to like let it get wet in
my mouth I want to try to eat it not
gonna get what that's the thing is it
like absorbs more moisture dude it like
sucked all the moisture out of my mouth
immediately Oh drink almond milk oh that
we're saying I love Joe I'll drink some
almond no fuck lot of drunk almond milk
Oh your drunken almond oh yeah look at
my I know like oh do my face is burning
- I told you and lips I was telling them
when I make cinnamon sugar toast for the
kids if I don't wash our face afterwards
to get like cinnamon burns around their
milk that's probably not healthy
Oh milk is good good call everybody you
guys are like my Web MD right here whoa
so there it is oh we hate 200,000 you
guys thank you so much I have no idea
how to tell you
I am for all of you guys who have
donated all of you guys who have watched
our videos for the past almost four
years don't worry we're not quitting
don't get alarmed but we're super super
grateful thank you so much and now Shay
is replenishing okay I just drowned on
water oh my I got water all over the
computer cinnamon challenge one shaycarl
zero from the bottom of all my mushy
mushy places I say thank you to
everybody who donated to the campaign if
you want to see us talk more about it we
require a recorded - of the live shows
that we did last night I'll put links
below you guys go watch those thank you
so much you guys for donating and
believing in this story and I promise to
not let you down check out yesterday's
vlog I'm really super proud of the edit
that I did with little rock tart I was
so giddy I'm like let go watch as I
think it's so funny and then if you're
feeling lucky I got a special link for
you mr. smiley face love you guys see
you tomorrow as always
