Oh what do you see what do I see what do
you think I see woman I see the enemy
and they're all around us parish pump up
man help you captain
yes Courtland Granger get out of load my
missiles I need this boat three degrees
to the starboard three degrees is
terrible I gotta do everything myself in
here
three degrees regular guy but you try
to be something
Oh shame
in the shade
racer racecar driver today
hey runner strong your - Lightning
McQueen Lightning McQueen there's two of
them and you got a diamond - you're
sending your diamond how much money is
that worse Amy I got my diamond I love
you
hey you are you having fun playing with
your cars but that cool it's cool it's
Lightning McQueen you got one mighty
McQueen and two I named a queen hey
teach willing weird to get that laughs
ha ha ha I love it little motorboat I
love it are you having a good day today
what muscle mom oh yeah hey mama Nemo no
ego you want to watch Nemo what are you
on what do you want to do today you want
to smile like a crazy person I love
watching two-year-olds play dumb bunnies
in heaven we at the park oh you remember
this from last time Sean put it down
hey wait for mommy you I'm gone mom see
you later
we're gonna go down the slide see you
later
oh you guys wanna go down the slide
let's go down the slide and he's off
records my little buddy we have a fun
relationship because we just get to
spend a lot of time together sometimes
it's a love-hate relationship though
let's be honest sometimes he's a little
putter but I love you yeah what you
climb like spider-man I'm like
spider-man oh you're so cool ah come on
you can do it good job okay let's see
her down the side okay that's the
weirdest live in the world good job
little man put it on tight oh you want
your retinue in clean okay we'll do a
pass-off ready ready for it grab it yeah
good job and nice Oh what do you see
what do I see what do you think I see
women I see the enemy and they're all
around us periscope up
can't help you captain yes corporal
Grainger get download my missiles
I need this boat three degrees to the
starboard three degrees to the star well
I gotta do everything myself in here
thirty degrees okay let's calibrate
these vessels are those missiles waddle
corporal creature we're going to launch
missiles in three to five numbered look
at a cat obliterated their faces yeah on
the best captain ever just watching him
explore is super entertaining to me I
don't know if you guys like it but I
think is super fun yeah it's kind of
entertaining oh my goodness oh he's
watching his owner she's walking away
where's she gone I better go find her
better go find her oh I know honey
someday soon hmm
we're looking at the puppy okay you want
to show us how you take the car down the
side
hi I'm lightning mcqueen judge bolt
let's go let's see it but coupe do it
again
Oh
my goodness so guys I'm realizing
something you know how people say that
you get maybe tired like are you totally
over my shoulder again yeah okay okay
you just keep going and occupy you know
if people get baby hungry I'm not baby
hungry but I'm definitely dog hungry I
definitely noticed that that donkey was
so beautiful I just wanted to pet it so
bad and normally normally I have not
always been like a dog lover he's such a
stinker do you like dogs inter yeah what
kind of dogs okay okay dog like great
things
yeah like cats I do yeah they're cute
but not really
I love cats guys I love you if you love
cats
I just can't wake up you got to hold
them yet I just don't wanna catch that's
all
I like other people's cats I just don't
want one of my own well I do want a dog
they dry out like well daddy is allergic
to nuts I guess that means all Shaytards
are allergic to cats I'm doing now I
just want to know I just bought a great
day doc but I was trying to say was I
haven't always been a dog lover we had
dogs growing up but not really like in
the house dogs have become a dog lover
honey look who's coming it's our
favorite little man got some balls have
you filmed anything today place edibles
nuts oh no one even helped to keep the
oh man it did it he's amazing he's
setting the table all by himself at two
and a half years old what is stud some
two year olds just play don't listen to
well not our two-year-old sleep why are
you dancing dude what are you doing
there
yeah well they're part boom we're going
out bro-heem well go on my oh yeah hey
come here I want to ask you a question
yes some people are saying that because
you like kind of freaked out yesterday
about the dodgeball thing in yesterday's
vlog that you're too stressed out about
the no sugar thing is that what's doing
it to you no it's no how about how are
you feeling on the no sugar thing baby
thinking Arella do it yes a lot of
people are saying that it's too hard
that we should make you do it thought
about sugar the whole time yet it's not
that bad is it yeah I think a lot of
people are they're projecting their own
weaknesses on you because you're strong
and some people on here or saying I
don't think you should make sunderer do
the sugar thing I'm not this was his
idea ladies and gentlemen yeah reason
jealous right you're gonna freak out was
my idea got problems out Oh
fionna my dad yeah we're sucker punch
your noses you want some no this is
punched he'll punch me knows this you
should kiss noses kiss my nose kiss it
kisses boogers you guys setting the
table yeah all right let's see let's see
this table setting
princess guard hazard apron on rock car
did you set this table all by yourself
he's a perfectionist he has to have a
just right got a vegetable try who made
the vegetable tray I'm impressed with
your vegetable training yeah hey another
thing I noticed in yesterday's vlog is a
lot of people were asking what song we
use at the end of the vlog we're doing
sit-ups it was Dave days my homie Dave
days and if you guys ever have a
question about if I use a song or if I
use a video intro I always put it in the
video description below
whenever I say links below I think
there's some of you who don't know what
that means let me show you real quick
okay so if you're here on the YouTube
video watching the Shaytards vlog like
you should be if you go down here right
below where it says like views and
thumbs up there's a little button take
your little arrow here's my little hand
there's a bad little hand there's a show
more button if you click on that show
more button it'll open up a whole new
don't you dare close your eyes these are
all links so like I put a bunch of links
in here for instance song used what does
it take by Dave days and here's a link
to Dave days channel the end slight
links a lot of you guys who have been
watching on mobile have been asking me
to put the end slate links because the
annotations at the end are not clickable
I've put yesterday's vlog and the
feeling lucky links right here you click
on here's a follow us button twitter at
my twitter Colette's twitter our
facebook be our friend on facebook guys
come hang out with us on facebook
facebook.com slash a carl book Instagram
Google+ on all of our YouTube channels
where you get shirts and hats and shoes
and then who made the intro so all that
stuff is in the video description below
so just click that show more button
it'll open it up for you and don't
forget to click this button this is one
of the most important buttons that
thumbs up button right not right
now you're watching the vlog right now
won't hurt you you're not doing anything
you're just sitting there listening to
my stupid voice I'm good click on it
alright I cool thanks
so I'm actually going out on a boys
night tonight it's a dude tonight I'm
gonna go hang out with
Kassem G and Peter Gilroy from bath boys
comedy ed Bassmaster KC laughs veer and
dude who's in charge of rodeo arcade
we're all gonna go hang out Omar will be
there something you guys along with me
for a little boys night my chart asked
us to here with the kids okay babe it is
okay thanks love you she's so nice okay
we're on a guys night with Ed there's a
word Oh Margo Peter hey he's right over
there
oh there he is boys day around loud no
girls
we're in Koreatown and we're about to
cook our own dinner right here on this
thing
oh let's do that boys doubles course use
chopsticks
I like titanium this is like the nice
nicest chopsticks I've ever seen look at
these as we get staff through a redhead
Oh Rhys very much a battalion 3 bars you
know thank you enjoy the remarks hey you
guys it has begun
look at that
have fun
no you can't come to a Korean barbecue
place without hearing Gangnam style see
it see it so you know it come on you got
to memorize admit it
okay the guys out oh yeah
how so into it
wanna go home
three pounds of meat it was delicious
I don't know what that is giant
earthworm Oh intestines yeah we had some
true failure and then we ate ourselves
into a food coma man Korean barbecue is
doner shows hey guys this is the last
time you're gonna hear me talk about the
fundraising campaign for the documentary
we are so close we are like 10% away
from hitting our goal it cannot believe
how many of you guys have donated there
is four thousand two hundred and seventy
two of you we are down to the wire here
people less than ten hours to go and the
fundraising campaign for the documentary
is over huge shout out to everybody
who's joined the campaign thank you so
much for donating I'm gonna try to do a
live show later tonight as we count down
the last three hours of the campaign but
if you guys have donated thank you so
much to everybody who's just tweeted
about it and told other people about it
it means so much to us and like I've
said before this is going to be
something that we can all be proud of
and it's going to be revolutionary I
tell you revolutionary so if you want to
be part of this project and be part of
our team
vlog dogs wink wink wink I'm going to be
sending you guys weekly updates about
this entire movie and the entire process
of making this documentary there are
only a few hours left to donate so get
on the campaign links below click on
that show more button that I showed you
guys about and get on IndieGoGo campaign
and join our team we are gonna make this
amazing I promise I love you forever and
I will see you when hey babe what are we
gonna see him again
power up suckers
