is that a princess on the playground
what a pretty princess Joe pound person
I was drying that alliteration to detach
that the princess playground and is that
one of the dresses that we got from your
friends it's beautiful you want to play
calling to me my goodness
be careful do I want you to what I don't
want you to die let's just say that okay
oh goodness
you're amazing
lovely lovely do you want to join the
circus you can be a trapeze artist on
the surface I've been feeling you're
gonna be just like your dad that's a
good thing most of the time it's a good
thing well sometimes it gives mom a
heart attack but you know what I've
learned to calm down calm down
so I just did one of those mom things
where I was chatting which is Chat Chat
chatting with my friend the whole time
and I didn't get started playing
dodgeball but he played dodgeball today
did you have a good time yeah and did
you dodge any balls I don't get it why
they call it dog you don't get it no
well do you know what it means to dodge
something wait blok no like get out of
the way of you're dodging something like
oh I totally dodged that ball cuz it
didn't hit me I have a really good
explanation don't I guys
it's dodgeball cuz you dodge the balls
right well that's what it's called
because you're trying to not get hit by
the balls
that's dodging them yeah so did you
dodge any balls yes did you get hit by
any balls yeah
did you throw any balls yes did you
catch any balls you touching your balls
no that's the best way to do it dude and
help your team members out cuz don't you
let people in if you catch the ball you
get people back in yes
I'm trying to but every time as long if
you're trying or every time I try to the
y'all have me and I always want to throw
about their face cuz I'm sure like who
yells at you like numbers on my team
because I don't catch it oh I tried at
least we'll see you try tell people to
shut up okay but I get your point
it's a little frustrating when people
are yelling at you and you're just
trying your best
well that's all I can do bro is try your
best good job dad for trying your best
hey watch this train your hat I'll make
sure it's nice and flat for the ladies
make sure that flat bill is totally flat
anger bro you're scaring me a little bit
what's going on there we need to talk
about something there's some heads you
need busting at school or what's going
on dude talk to me about it some real
passion in your eyes I was like watching
that as I was editing it I was like
scared for my life what's going on down
at the dodgeball arena bro you want to
talk to me about something let it out
man tell me about it you're just angry
when the kids yell at you for missing
the ball it's like you don't even try
like every time you guys try catching it
you don't even try like just like I
tried they yell at me but I don't yell
at them they try okay well known II do
you want to like punch them in the heads
and call them suckers why don't do that
that's like
you just find keep the passion him
don't hurt him to a Hulk bro hey listen
come here I'm proud of you for trying
and that's all that matters okay yeah
can we kiss is it weird to kiss your dad
no we're so weird
weirdo get up there quit kissing me a
pervert anyways I was just editing that
and I was like whoa son tard easy bro
you working on that Picasso project I'm
tired of doing a project on Pablo
Picasso and preparing for your 10
paintings that he's gonna be drawing
okay back to the vlog sorry this is this
is the wrong day I just thought I would
have this clip in I can do that cuz I
edit the videos that I've been charged
dude you need to sing it with passion I
need more passion this land is my land
this land is your land we're with
passion it doesn't sound weird perfect
so are you learning not for anything
specific we're just learning it well
that's not the exact lyrics but close
yes on the table table the beautiful
table
starting to fill up just a little bit as
little as I was walking we just finished
a live show on blogtv that was amazing
and my husband just did how many pushups
do you think you just did by yourself
sometimes but we suck we don't film any
of it or record it that's okay maybe
we'll do another one but we got let's
see five four feet five six people to do
all the push-ups accumulative we did
push-ups
to help raise money for the IndieGoGo I
know we're safe anyway so we made taka
listen to a live show and did push-ups
and we use a ton of push-ups and it was
super fun so next time remember to pay
attention to Shea's tweets we'll do
another live show one of these days soon
and it will be awesome here's the tacos
we're having this is turkey organic
ground turkey I know I'm totes organic
so we got Turkey and shredded lettuce
tomatoes and just just a simple easy
quick dinner tonight and then we got
Scouts and it's a packed meeting tonight
so maybe some time we'll get some awards
tonight
hey baby
you have babies it's a hard print and
guys doin' setups this is me and mom
jars new original but sometimes up
tutorial how are you gonna do it looks
nice you gonna do let's raise 250 raised
to 50 good
I don't like fast okay already doing how
do you put your hands you don't have
your chest if you want to harder to go I
have a tailbone that hurts okay first
yeah we use the top
what yeah I thought you had all right
you ready ready
5060 sit-ups baby so series I'm not
falling apart
the country by
5000 Jolie choice
all right every night that's what we're
gonna do before we go to bed 60 sit-ups
or try to work up to a hundred I love
you guys we'll see you tomorrow all
right you guys we are getting down to
the nitty gritty less than 30 hours away
until the IndieGoGo campaign is finished
and I promise promise promise you'll
never have to hear about me talking
about it again until we release an
amazing documentary in about six to
eight months I want to say a big thank
you to the three thousand three hundred
and eighty two of you who have already
donated I am constantly reading the
IndieGoGo updates of people who donated
and I am just like kissing each and
every one of your name's Brittany C
donated 25 bucks four minutes ago Cheryl
Ann S donated 40 bucks five minutes ago
Josh e donated five bucks Don B 30 bucks
Katie y ten dollars eight minutes ago
Priscilla are donated $30 goofy new fee
that's a cool username donated 40 bucks
ten minutes ago Meghan G donated eight
dollars Kylie B 30 Luke be 25 ro e t 5
bucks Nikki P donated 50 dollars 20
minutes ago you guys have no idea how
much this really means to us and I
promise you I am more motivated than
ever to make this documentary the best
thing that I've ever created I'm gonna
put everything I have and AM into
creating and telling this story and I
promise not to let you down I really
appreciate every one of you who has
trusted and believed in me and I'm
telling this story and I guarantee you
it's gonna be something that we can all
be proud of only 30 hours left please go
donate if you haven't and if you can't
that's not a big deal we appreciate you
watching and thumbs it up in these
videos oh did I just mention thumbs up
in this video I think all right I love
you guys we'll see you again tomorrow
