hi I'm logging here morning to everybody
man Colette just finished our podcast I
took Corey to the airport today so he
flew home to Canada now I'm just sitting
here waiting for a hot young lady to
show up maybe have lunch with me oh yeah
sure I wouldn't even have a lunch with
you that's as long as you don't make me
pick your nose again you'll have to
watch the podcast see what she's talking
about she definitely was knuckle deep in
my nostril knuckle deep eyed nostril my
goodness it's like extra delicious
really good today
yeah extra good it's like he terrific
okay burns is read you have to show me
what you just did that was really
amazing it's just it's amazing to us
people that can't do it this is a
testament to how gymnastics has really
helped her and it she's super strong and
awesome oh yeah right
look at her she's just holding herself
up - hi - finally I need your stomach
super strong Jack are your legs up
players what I think that's humanly
impossible I was that humanly impossible
because you don't have like enough
weapons you could probably break a world
record if you did it isn't that the
precursor to eventually you will do like
a handstand up to like a V like a leg
you'll go up into a v-sit then to a
handstand
let me show you princess hard okay
you're going to go like this you're
going to go on and then you go up like
oh yeah
you'll be on this visa and I'll be doing
like this oh cool
uh yeah sure yeah you'll do like you go
up and then you're like a v-sit and then
you go up into a handstand like this see
my fingers your legs you I'm sitting on
the counter yes just do it you want to
be like Makayla or not I can break my
head okay never mind
no more we've got knives and cutting
boards on the counter that makes me
nervous
they feel me without me uh maybe are we
in trouble you wanna be in the movie too
might be the star of the show hi your
stop any ever stuck okay let's get ready
for janessa so we got to get our home
bit oh yeah we got to eat our homework
and then draw in our snacks huh yeah
when I was in the car accident I said
that and the kids busted up laughing so
we're gonna eat our homework and draw
snacks okay okay she has another cool
trick to show us don't you love cool
tricks hour with fritz two stars look at
that look at that yeah cool you were
hanging in there by your neck that was
really cool
good job high fives high fives do one
more still always need to be taller
mm-hm
oh dude you're gonna scratch the wall
you gotta be dainty like princess tard
be dainty think dainty thoughts you're
so dainty I don't promote dangerous
tricks but only when they're fun all
right let's hear about everything
everything what did your girlfriend say
about the cookies what did she do what
it's what'd she say did she kiss you
no choice you all right tell us how
could she resist you what'd she say she
just said thank you that they were
delish
and she shared them with her friends did
she say like this
thank you favorite delicious or did she
say this thank you what did she say
Leah's started killed a wart all that
just gone wrong like today she's like
that how'd she said thank you they were
delicious
I shouldn't make my friends but a little
bit my boys
give us exactly in her voice I want to
hear it she was super polite guys it's
good as his bad news what do you like
her is she officially your girlfriend
not officially but I think she is maybe
you should inform her of that one time
yeah she is she said she hates my guts
but she's totes my girl that's what I
said about your mom for about a year one
time cuz she was talking about someone
being oh and I know you and while she
was talking about she's saying my name
where's a picture ever I want to see
this lady guess what I announced today
on the podcast he totes member what I
told you this morning no I haven't told
you guys yet what I'm not gonna tell
them
you guys have to watch the podcast when
it comes up every what I told you this
morning about remember you said you had
a dream last night
Oh remember what I told you this morning
you know remember know your I remember
the dream tell us about the dream but
you still have to go watch the podcast I
had a dream where that's what Martin
Luther King jr. said dream I have a
dream that when I am sleeping I found my
dream when I heard a two-year-old just
make a mess
that sound like a two-year-old just made
a mess in the other room okay yeah a
dream I dream I spit it out dude
I was eating sugar high this sounds like
a nightmare
I purple I hate those treats but I had
it I can't believe I came up with this
candy but I had two starbursts and to
the butterscotch um candies we just have
those do you like those yeah that's what
you dreamed that you ate so you ate
these things in your dream and then what
happened and you got really mad at me
and I just no dad I it and then I got
punished ten days
what was your punishment I can't have
any sugar what you're already doing that
yeah but like I can't have any sugar
again ever
yeah okay continue and there is also
gonna be like a day where a few days
where I can come home watch TV and then
like go home come home do one thing and
I go to bed like watch TV that was your
punishment that sounds so horrible I go
how did you handle it well that was
basically the end of my story
huh so that man then what would you
realize and then I realized it was my
decision
Deitz it Jean that I made so then that's
when I realized one is when I had sugar
it was my responsibility when I made the
choice of not having sugar for a whole
year I wasn't going to be punished I was
just gonna be like I would be punishing
myself because I wasn't like following
my goal to not eating candy amen brother
that's what sugar is pretty smart so you
do realize it we're not gonna get upset
at you if you decide not to eat sugar
but you'll just have to deal with the
fact that I made it goal I didn't reach
it
yeah I don't want to hear hundred
dollars okay dude but what I announced
today in the podcast is I'm gonna do it
with you it's me and you now dude I am
joining I'm joining your team I am going
to help support you because I'm so proud
of you and impressed and inspired by how
good you're doing Jobson tart so we're
in this together okay dude
can you are you but I'm not falling okay
let's see what's happening in here round
off baby off yeah nice here comes son
tard yeah you work on those yeah you
work on those all right son cards gonna
show us a trick with this staff let's
see it well okay go a staff solo I'm
pretty good with a bow stuff so I got
pretty much my best weapon let's see a
bro enough talking let's see some bows
staffing I don't need explanation I need
to see some both staff skills where'd
you learn this and watching Napoleon
Dynamite too much you sit yourself in
the junk dude twice that was a double
junk punch you just bow staffed your
balls bro well it's pretty good
you're gonna be like the Star Wars kid
on that viral video Oh
both tap your balls and your brain buddy
buddy
keep practicing - that's pretty
hilarious footage keep it yourself with
that thing nice dude nice you better
watch out or SunGard will swit for you
to death amaze we're over a hundred and
ten thousand dollars on the IndieGoGo
campaign and my favorite thing to do is
all day I just sit here and I read
people's names cuz I can see them real
time as they donate so Aaron s just
donated three minutes ago forty dollars
Mindy G six minutes ago donated five
dollars thank you to Patricia M donated
$5 seven minutes ago Roger D
twelve minutes ago donated a hundred and
fifty dollars picked himself up one of
the signed blu-ray discs for the movie
is that cool Sarah B just donated ten
bucks Mallory M donated 25 bucks Jessica
a 10 bucks
Sandra Kay 53 bucks LEM five bucks
Selby P 30 bucks he Cody 40 bucks
Matthew B 40 Christopher s 10 dude it's
just incredible to see all the names a
lot of these like I go to their account
their indiegogo accounts to see if they
have pictures like want to see the
picture the face of the person who
donated so there's 2411 of you and i
know every single one of you by name
because I've been going through and
reading all these names of everybody who
donated and it's like every single one
of these people just think where's Mindy
G right now what's she doing in her life
eight minutes ago she decided to donate
to this campaign I'm just like I'm gonna
like float through the air in my mental
capacity to Mindy G's house I'm gonna
float through her window and say hello
Mindy Shay called us here and I'm
floating it on you and I'm gonna freak
her out she probably screaming cuz I'm
gonna be floating through the air I come
in here Mindy I'm gonna give you a lot
she's probably screaming and like
jumping over the chairs and the chairs
are falling I'm like my little grateful
ghost has flown to the air one Mindy I'm
going to eat you then she like runs in
the door I like slams of bathroom door
and locks it but I like go through the
back way and I get to the back one like
Kabir Mindy and I hug her and she freaks
out and screams and has a heart attack
that's what I think about her after you
guys donate I'm gonna get you Mindy ha
ha here we go princess hard to the top
of the rope toy yeah
oh wow she's using her
it's impressive
yeah she's just using her arm strength
she's me buffer them daddy soon oh
that's impossible huh
nobody's buffer them dad yo you climb to
the top of it up to straight a thirties
nursery see if she'll wave at us when
she gets to the top up to eight all the
way to the top hold the right to the top
touch the wood seriously this isn't real
whatever they are I think they're called
flowers Madame not toni braxton Oh here
any Toni Braxton
you know Zed right cuz you watch your
videos you know that Bobby Turner chubby
bags which you guys are guys what you
need to make a shut your face up oh yeah
where are you going get some apples good
girl what's a fruit sale
like a fruit stand when are we gonna
make a fruit stand
oh right there okay I love that place
did you get the very best ones let me
see
you have the very best ones you got to
pick with care and love did you use love
and care when you pick those so I picked
your nose with love and care he's not
huge great
oh wait
here we go
it
dude it's Green Day yeah I love Green
Day what favorite band ever hang it on a
shop in good health and good time
tattoos memories and Danskin I don't
know the words dead skin on trial it was
worth Oh
missile country to double
oh hey what are you doing oh I see Oh
your turn is that where you standard
optimum auckland optom style dance baby
tire that is the best gagnam style dance
I've ever seen all right you guys ready
hope I've ever done it all right we got
almonds
we got almond milk lot of almonds got
banana posters we got apples of coconut
water and oranges and apples and diapers
oh mine on my gymnastics go so good
thing we got a lot of fruit good thing
you got a lot of fruit yeah well if
you're know the Olympics you need a lot
of fruit yes and you lots of your now
steps doing a lot of gymnastics also
helps in that pursuit of the gold medal
fruit and hours and hours and hours of
gymnastics practice yes that's all you
need those two things okay so this is
the dilemma we're having the girls were
gone when we made curry and roti and so
it was just Sun tar deny that made it
what's on my head I don't even want it
I'm a watermelon I'm delicious
I love being pink and a lot of
anyways and the girls didn't get to make
up and they usually like to make a heart
shape so instead of the girls making a
mark I made one for them yeah I made a
heart shape are you happy now yeah okay
let's see Korean wrote me baby yeah all
right quick
shut your mouth are you guys ready
Sunday I forgot the roti right here and
then the curve and I was am a shy girl
Rocio did a great job when tell them
it's meatless Monday so it's meatless
Monday awesome my kukuri vegetarian
meatless curry that's its dude you don't
got it it's a double you know what
vegetarian meatless meatless with you
know it's meatless monday so we're
having vegetarian meatless curry and my
vegetarian what I mean is meatless
assalamualaikum waalaikumsalam
oh yes peace be unto you my friend what
are you laughing at let be okay okay hey
okay Rock darn quiet there's other cute
kids in this family besides you what's
the matter
we're gaining still let us finish eating
princess early turn it on for him okay
so tell me today when you gave your
girlfriend the cookies what happened
before anyone came inside I'm teach her
open the door I snuck in put the cookies
on her desk snuck back in put my
backpack in the storage thingy came back
inside my stuff I turned it around to
look at her look at her cookies and her
I love when she was done she turned
around and game yes my like how'd it
make you felt like she likes me did she
come up and say anything to you or just
smile honey no she smiled at me she
didn't ever come up to you during the
whole day and say thanks for the cookies
well she did one time when it was time
to go out for recess what'd she say she
said thank you so much
the cookie right and she's got like an
early Valentine present I said yeah oh
and then maybe tard what did you ask no
question
yes yeah you watch she looked like what
do you mean she looked like it like she
likes me kid what the girls doing no but
how do they do it like they do the
shoulder thing is that what girls do
they do a shoulder eating baby tart do
you know about the shoulder thing have
you been practicing the shoulder thing
princess tart what's the shoulder thing
do you know what he's talking about do
you do that to your boyfriend yeah you
want to talk about your boyfriend let's
talk we have a song for princess cards
boyfriend
she hates wasting it I love you says aw
you're a champion says our I love you
nobody's gonna see this trust me what's
up bro guy nobody gets out here today
singing the blues
stupid harmonica was off-key I never
dealt with such a crappy musical
instrument him all my musical career no
matter here losers
we'll see you tomorrow
