I go son tark get it started Liam baby
target in shades harden now where the
princess where she acts yeah I see you
rocked are gone make it cleric okay mami
tarde
but you got thrown shake are dropping
like it's hot drop it like it's hot
it's the Shaytards family showing
everybody how to live happily it's
princess time it's princess time lovely
princess song I've ever heard I like
this one what is my as much longer
special okay we should tell we should
tell him first
so princess chard has a friend who just
grew out of all of these dresses and
just passed them down to her and it is
like shopping spree beautiful so much
fun one of the fun things about it is
she is going to get a white dress for
her 8 to your old baptism she's getting
baptized but she turns eight and we were
gonna go get a dress but look at this
beautiful white dress and it's better
than anyone you could find in the store
right so pretty so we'll have to thank
her so much for providing this beautiful
white dress for you yeah pretty year
look there's even another one she has
two choices
my goodness these are such nice dresses
we are gonna have to send her a thank
you note with cookies oh yeah we should
say this game making cookie we are
making cookies yes today I promised the
girl that we would make cookies and so
we're going to do it and guess what I
know it's not Valentine's Day or even
February but we're making Valentine's
Day cookies like us they're fun let's be
honest splashes thanks whoa
what that's just I know this video well
do it again and do it really good and
maybe it'll be the thumbnail do it again
okay yeah remember this is
sir nailed it all right little baby boys
but all our cookie cutters out oh you're
gonna use the Christmas - hey you're
just all the Christmas all the cookie
cutter down in here I want a present
present there are Christmas light mini -
Valentine's chicks well we have to get
the dough cooked first and then we can
put top and making these for the game oh
you are which one's did you check back
turn back and I butterfly the angel I'm
gonna do this
that's a lot are you gonna give those
officers Oh episode of likely be one for
me because I can I'm just using the
store-bought and oh I know that some of
you that are amazing are gonna make it
by hand I not I'm just going to do it
from the store and then we're going to
roll them out cut them out cook them and
decorate yeah Brock card is diving right
in good job little man let's see you
roll it rolling it oh yeah good job now
you got to cut it are you gonna kind of
put put a cookie cutter on it what one
do you want
pick one slapping it push that tree
little boy be making these Christmas
cookies ho making Christmas eyebrows the
other I'm safe i fossil in there I
brother
oh it's easily they're not really
working why what's the matter
we need more flour in the dough ticking
well at least we have enough rolling
if you need a rolling pin we got one for
each kid yeah let's get some more Talib
item have a bite of it right now yes
right it says on my package do not eat
raw cookie dough while it will happen
jinx
what's it called whoever knows the name
of the disease first wins the disease DS
it's not in the name of the disease it
reminds with a fish salmonella so No hey
baby turn why you stressin yeah they're
all stressing oh you kids you think that
you are spoiled or something this is how
I torture them this is our detention
right now make cookies that was so she
slaps my mama sounds like a bum smack
resident pervert
you said it catch it throw not that hard
and that we have more than brought of
salmonella problem no go ahead you
throwing it viciously many of you may
think this is disgusting but still
ready toy don't throw it so hard I'm
getting nervous
good catch
oh really need those yes I don't care
don't judge us you'll have to eat them
just coz we throw our cookie dough on
the floor no wonder your kids are always
sticky scumbags seriously do you really
need all that on your face
what is that for it's part of the ritual
dough making her hair I just want to
help you out a little bit now you're
making why because you have a father
Oh lovely thank you very much thank you
join the club
now we're really getting oh oh you ate
it you ate the star vanilla wisdom
vanilla oh wow hey I'm sorry there's a
oh geez baby turns getting pissed all
right we have more jokes
watch our young fun yeah names very good
sir you like baby tracks like we're
doing this for art you guys know I don't
think they're doing it for art I think
they want to eat the freakin cookies
inside we're good Roger hurry take me so
seriously let's just watch his process
from him he has his dough okay nobody
touch the stove I'm gonna roll it out
first you got to get the dough make sure
there's nothing on your only pin make
sure this is flat slap it if you have to
I just smacked that thing okay make sure
hangs out of your way get your big
rolling pin two hands roll this flat
because we're gonna do is we're gonna
press the shape out of it but first we
have to get the dough flat Rolly the
northern southern leader ection really
press down and go east and west if you
want depending on which hemisphere you
live in okay good good now Pat it down a
little bit more make sure doesn't go
anywhere
now let's pick our shape we're gonna go
with the Bluebird no nope nope I think
I'm gonna oh it's like you monologue eat
me again dad what is that press down
hard an easter egg it's not even Easter
there it is right there
look it is - Easter I just made an
Easter Egg dummy okay press it down and
tree get all the edges I know it because
of urines remember psious now I did you
nice to go with multiple shapes
it's a Christmas tree in strength we're
gonna do with the cookie now you're
gonna put it on the pan can I hit it
some more no I'm just gonna squish it
we'll start over see that's the fun
about it - there's so much anger in your
cookie making why you have so much anger
oh he's just real fine nobody could have
this are I'm gonna put it in my hair so
angry whoa and that is been cookie
making with a two-year-old thanks for
joining us next time we'll make lasagna
with this lady here's the stick of dough
No is it frozen
wanna Chuck it cold
making business looks good catch the
burrito Cory oh it's a burrito of dough
Oh Maria
oh now oh great Rex it would you do a
can s without guys think so let me just
borrow that thanks no problem okay let's
get that decide we're gonna get a little
bit of flour we're gonna sprinkle it on
the dough just like this okay powder
down always Pat it all right we're done
throwing the cookie dough around and now
comes the gratifying frosting section of
the evening oh my goodness son tart
don't tempt yourself man you just know
it who's gonna get that cookie oh you're
so sweet you don't need sugar what's
your girlfriend's name Andy gale Abby
Gail are you gonna take that tour
tomorrow mm-hmm no I want you to say
that tour I want you to give it to her
and be like Abby I'm so we need sugar
this is for you sugar cakes that's why I
said your mom and that's for that very
it didn't work enjoy it try different
line that was yeah I took me a year to
convince her to marry me like that line
pretty what are you making rock face is
a yummy he hasn't made anything he's
only eating just eating the toppings
lady is frosting on it you got to chop
me I got the sugar on top of it I think
what I'm gonna do is just put on your
cookie
that's pretty baby dark no I'm a bad
example sticky you mixed blue the pink
did no mixing of frosting was forbidden
in all of the land young family tried to
reverse the spell that was cast on them
from the pastry palace but it was
everlastingly too late because the
cookie code had already been crumbled
and the wrath of the sugar serpent knew
no mercy as he gobbled up all of
their goodness without sharing wah or
something like that I can't remember
exactly what's happened
be sure to check out yesterday's vlog
one takes Sunday where we are chucking
some children in the air and thank you
thank you thank you to all of you that
have donated to the IndieGoGo campaign
we just hit a hundred and ten thousand
dollars amazing thank you so much
me and Cory have had an amazing week
together planning out and preparing
everything that is necessary to go into
making this film something that you will
all be proud of
we appreciate your support through
everything we've been through together
love your faces and we will see you
tomorrow
want a cookie have you dumped up the
video I'll give you a free cookie you
want to bring cookie who would bring
cookie go to cookie um yo yo yo yo free
cookie I'll give you free cookie yoga
thumbs up the video okay stop it
