the wrong door welcome to our family if
you've never heard of us we are a family
of six who have been making daily videos
for the last four years if you haven't
heard we are working on a documentary
about the lives of youtubers vlogging
specifically we want to tell the story
how this became our everyday job and how
we shared our lives
this is spider-man if you have a madness
by the news my man I say he has a
superhero identity crisis he's
spider-man who thinks he's better
anyways we are currently raising money
on IndieGoGo to finance this movie the
movie is gonna highlight multiple
youtubers and bloggers across the
YouTube community including prank vs.
prank battle units Charles Trippy and
Ally trippy from the CTFxC the vlog
brothers Charlie is so cool like and
tons and tons of other youtubers here's
where you come in we want you out come
in we want you out there in the YouTube
world making a minute video response to
this video letting us know how YouTube
or youtubers have changed your life so
let us know in a video response how
youtubers or YouTube in general has made
a difference and changed your life and
you can make it in this movie not only
will we be cutting some of those video
responses and
documentary but we will bring a film
crew out to two or three of them we will
bring a film crew to your house and
interview you to be in this movie the
filming of this movie is going to start
March 1st and go to the end of August
highlighting VidCon playlist live and
the lives of multiple youtubers so this
is gonna be a nice so this is gonna be a
so this is gonna be a 90-minute
feature-length documentary highlighting
like I said the lives and how this
became the jobs of multiple youtubers
and changed the lives of hundreds of
thousands of people out there in the
world we have a film crew that will be
traveling to multiple locations
throughout the United States and in
Canada we want this movie to you guys so
not only are we working to get this
around but eventually we wanted to play
for free on YouTube that's right we're
making a movie little guy you're smart
because so many of you have been a part
of our story and this experience giving
us to where we are today we really
remember how to include as many of you
as possible so as we come to your city
to film some of your favorite youtubers
we will be having meet up meet greets in
your city talk we're talking we're
talking all over the country so if you
guys check out our IndieGoGo page links
below we have a lot of different cool
perks for instance princess tart is
going to be making five original books
Sun tarde has already committed to ten
Picasso renderings you ready for that
baby tart is gonna be doing three art
drawings right
gimme five dog also if you're coming to
playlist live or a VidCon and you want
to join the shaycarl running club
there's some perks there or you can come
running with us three mornings in a row
a playlist live
Khanh which also include a science
shayloss
tank-top and breakfast made by mommy
turn wait so if you have a couple extra
books and you want to help us make this
film we would really appreciate you
going to our IndieGoGo page and donating
we're not asking for a lot a couple
bucks here and there from a lot of
people will do a lot of we could do that
too we've already raised over 90
thousand dollars so to the 1,300 of you
who have already donated you big kisses
we will be sending weekly newsletters
and updates of everything that's going
on in the film where we're gonna be
where we're gonna be doing the meet and
greets where will you be doing the
gatherings what's happening in the film
and asking you guys questions real-time
as we're making this documentary what
you think is going to be going into it
also for those of you who donated you're
going to be getting special sneak peek
preview of some trailers and clips
before anybody else sees it so if you
take a risk on us and give us a few
bucks we're going to include you in this
in this process
that'd be great five every dime counts
every penny makes a big difference and
we will treat these funds sacredly we'll
make sure that we use them to the best
of our ability to make the very best
movie possible we want this movie to
tell the story not only of our lives but
the stories of our friends and fellow
youtubers and all of the community
that's been a part of making YouTube
what it is today and if you can't donate
don't worry we don't want you to sell
your firstborn child so that we can make
a movie just every little bit counts if
you can please do if not just spread the
word everything it will help us thanks
to everybody for already donating and
watching this video we just wanted to
make a quick update to let you guys know
about the campaign
if you have any questions at all go to
google.com slash vlogging here all the
details are there plus you can just
watch other videos every single day
we'll be talking about it and
documenting the making of the
documentary in our everyday videos and
thank you to all of you guys who have
watched our videos and who have
contributed in every way possible to
make a movie happen just by doing that
thank you so much for supporting us
you
