what is going on in here what do you
want I've about had it
what are you doing baby tard I need
answers and I need them quick are you
ready cuz is my get Maury really cool
action I guess do I look like I'm joking
around
Wow I got my beer okay one suitcase down
50 to go let's do this I'm on vacation
I'll vlog a little bit cuz I kind of
like it but only cuz I like a me working
under this tent basically because the
sun is shining through and I get carsick
when I have to edit the car and I'm not
even gonna try that hard so I'm gonna
pry it like bad camera angles and I
don't give good gosh dogs I'm on
vacation drama the drama llama
who are you really Amy is such a good
person naked oh hey guys I gotta go bye
I'm just on my my Apple iPhone here 3.06
miles very challenging very difficult
high level of uncomfortableness Jesus
will not be uploading videos he will
bring my space back link is in my pants
bad performer Shea's hair looks amazing
show us a little Pink Panther is that
from the 90s I'm not sure where that one
is Robin the one time I did I just know
this like really motivated like things
I'm telling you the secrets to life you
want to be happy if you want to feel
this this level of success the secrets
are hidden behind the word cliche all
those things so you're great lesson for
one kid come home after midnight I don't
care if the movie I'd only miss
practicing
next ten years those are the truths
those are the secrets the secrets that
are supposed to be hidden are actually
out in plain daylight they're the most
obvious things there are I was a it does
a pretty cool moment all right are you
guys ready Oh Shay Carl and the Shay
tardes oh no I'm not I just have this
little black box I carried with me every
single day so I should just look at the
top yeah I just act like it's my
beautiful face I don't know if I burned
off all the cupcakes but I don't Kirk
that's why we love this restaurant it's
fun
Oh only cash the ice cream truck take
debit cards never a button from an ice
cream truck that's so what you never
have before you seriously never have mom
I don't want to die I said we're gonna
die anytime soon
I want to ever die Prince Charles we're
gonna die
yeah we have bloggers and we're having a
meet-up and it is awesome because so
many people come inside with and it's
raining huh oh we're under the awning
and we're probably annoying a lot of
other people you guys love your ears
well you are good they're beautiful
I sit down and my computer to see are
you bummed you're not coming on this
girl's day yeah
yes go watch some of this right now
huh you want some of this cuz you have a
fauxhawk
gavel what are we doing where we at I'm
receiving through you're just eating
fruit oh god no that's my couscous well
that probably much better point see that
swing bro keep it tight nice and tight
he said he hit it a hundred yards what's
your farthest one the one over there
like 100 yards marker okay give me
another one
come on
like I said I'm not there like we just
turned the light off I'm sleepy I have a
big day tomorrow
I've been looking my my faux hawk in the
mirror concentrate on that ball keep
your head down keep it right on the ball
and whack it
nah see you guys tomorrow would you have
done some that's gross
until all four times you commit gosh not
good
a rose for the lady come on see a sweet
shot nope wait well here like chop it
down like a I'm playing a game where I'm
just moving into a new house I'd to go
grocery shopping why always trying to
move out of my life yeah I'm not I play
a game yeah there you go sorry our units
meet me bro let's go get off your iPod
sister all right let's see it girl
you like your new shirt like your new
shirt oh you look cute I like your
toenail polish
I'm very cute you feel better princess
card yes you do
all right good see it what are you doing
got me to tell you what happens what we
believe happens when when you die yeah
yeah there's like I need some knowledge
it's just nice babe eat are you excited
we're out where we at
you know happens when we die they be
tired you told me because she's happy
and then he looks look maybe I should
roll down the stairs so we roll it
everything wipe that grin off your face
right now
baby's hard what are they doing you're
getting buried alive so what it is hey
can you see if you can get out you don't
how come we're expected you to have the
answer he found his only action right
here this is his own little ocean we
make Dome I hated the gym oh yes a
rocker ok potty training pants face he's
going crazy
was we in circus Olay it is circus we
didn't tell you that yeah good to each
other
Jackson why is it not a great day for
you at the moment hey mommy guys would
I'd see it oh oh you're so cool
Jackson doesn't feel cool this morning
he's ready to sleep for a whole day Oh
Jackson with the baby sword
he still loves you
I am potty trained pine tree just
resting your chin on the couch you had
getting kind of too heavy these days
maokai there's know how to jump up boy
someone's excited you job everybody
let's go yeah see you guys we're on the
movies dude that was so cool let's go
come on guys let's go these kitchen hi
good night yesterday was a good day you
guys see yesterday yet what are you
doing here go watch yesterday's video
yesterday was amazing
I sit down and my computer to see would
you have done some fun today everybody
dies all right if you live here on this
earth you're gonna die
you could die tomorrow you could die in
a hundred years from now I know that's
scary huh is that scary
do you member when grandpa died remember
went to grandpa's funeral to remember
that you don't remember what grandpa
Eugene what'd you turn into monsters
when you die we believe that after we
die that we'll still be together as a
family all right
and that we'll live together forever as
a family just like we are now all right
would that be cool would you like to be
together
still that make you feel better so I'm
tired what do you think happens when we
die we get to live in heaven in heaven
where's heaven at in the sky in the sky
where in the sky like above our house is
it like up where the airplanes fly
that's where heaven is what are you
doing heaven
and we get to see Jesus oh cool what do
you think he'll be doing applying videos
