harp it's ubers oh but your beard is
awesome and your kids are awesome and
your wife is
Oh shame
hi
harp it's ubers sure if I can tell if it
tickles a little bit watch like you're
faster harder let's draw birds started
joking home center has to spot us whoa
whoa he man oh wow get it oh my goodness
look at that the path hi V hi B we're
like a V let go put your arms up like
this I feel like you should go stand
behind her okay jump in my arms you are
an L o or on my stomach watch I can make
you laugh I'll bet your hundred bucks I
can make laughs it was really not that
hard rap public an anaconda just or
scream you can make her scream and cry
and laugh it's like an immediate scream
but anyway that she can get back at me
as like scream as loud as you can
what they're worth you don't miss now
it's happening oh don't go by your bed
don't go by the bed you haven't cleaned
it up yet just threw up in the or
rustling yeah I was gonna say you better
be careful because that might come back
up to bite ya
okay this is part of my daily chores I
have to flip the baby 20 times a day
shake things up in there every baby are
you ready good yeah right all ones are
doing it's rock hard lay down here
please hmm arms up legs
point your toes perfect ready both one
hand flip
oh yeah put those you know oh don't
throw the whole thing away I'll hold it
with my foot there you go
put it in there it's equate I'm going to
keep this mom this sounds like a fun
thing it's not thrown away put it in
there yep Brad so more grab some more
grab another one careful the can careful
not to cut you down goodbye remember to
wash your hands when we're done you
throw it in there just recycling guys
that's what we're doing first thing in
the morning yet recycled I'm bait what
okay yeah but it's all gone so put it in
there okay so that's mine that's that's
his card band-aids
remember that hey you guys were there
only about those two remember that
well they had enough cuts and bruises
enough time that we've used all and
we've even used some for nonsense and
bruises we've used some four stickers
but good job for the best helper oh no
we need this rag
let's see you talk on it's all gone now
we take that one back now we take that
one back and put it under the sink no we
don't throw that one away that one's the
part that we put stuff in okay time to
wash your hands down here you ready the
trans wet oh they're wet
okay scrub them together no no you guys
grab them till I scrub them yeah good
boy oh we got grabbed it's a process and
for morning we're learning something new
it's a process you can scrub first still
ahead - what
dropped hard root that's all I can say
Rick hey little man what cheating for
snack today
what's your snack like a little rabbit
good job eating your carrots vegetables
help you grow big and strong like a
super super superhero like spider-man or
Superman gonna be like spider-man yeah
oh you want to be a rock star are you
gonna be a rock hard remember spider-man
oh okay
parents out there that have young
toddlers that don't eat carrots you
should try just cutting or like getting
a whole carrot and having them because
he was so excited when I gave him a
whole carrot he never eats like those
little carrots that are already cut up
in the store but when I gave him the
whole carrot it was like exciting this
is a big carrot and so he took a big
bite of I said Mama's good I don't know
just a suggestion
baby nap I'm Irish that was my time
right he the sarony of him in his nap I
feel like I'm out in Old West laying by
the campfire listening to a little
harmonica good-bye baby tired have a
good time at gymnastics they're getting
ready to have a split contest on the
beams try to get your feet above to be
Oh
it's relapse
she was the second or the last one she
almost got her job Hannah speaking of
cookies I have a confession to make you
guys I have a beatin
I have eaten sugar every day this week I
know and you know what happened I broke
down and bought those white
chocolate-covered Oreos I shouldn't have
even bought it because I knew if I
bottom I wouldn't be able to wait till
on this weekend and I did I ate sugar
every day this week so let's just say I
need to get back on the wagon I'm not
giving up completely I'm just gonna get
back on the wagon and stop bein sugar
next week starting Sunday night it's the
weekend I can have it on the weekend but
I'll start Monday I promise look at that
little cookie Oh cute little cookie
you're sucking your thumb don't I give
them some foundation sauce right do you
think you'll ever stop
oh yeah ready I know he's sleeping over
here did Marty dog what's here
gold-medalist mckayla maroney didn't
interrupt her while she was working out
did you any harm
you saw her thank you please don't say -
it's a little ridiculous but he's
adorable
okay hold on hold on hold on two days
hear that it's Toni Braxton again right
same place same grocery store same spot
in the grocery store it's Toni Braxton
again
that's weird I don't know if you guys
saw that vlog but Toni Braxton I was not
too many Braxton unbreak my heart say
you love me again
oh I could go over everything okay no
you can't walk away what do you mean I
need to catch something
what watch it what just don't mix a
little card real little card oh gosh
thanks bendy village we're going to need
three little carts because all three of
your river water please what do you do
get a little cartoons shook it all apart
I guess so hey baby tried to get apples
which kind are those whoa are those the
Honey Crisp oh they sell me their Honey
Crisp Cory are you enjoying the previous
hard restaurant I was I was asked what I
wanted and just off the top of my head
without any prompting I said a ham and
Swiss sandwich and I was very properly
brought this which is very accurate to
Hickman it's whatever you order you can
have here we have Saturday - oh boy I
have chocolate milk already can I get a
salad okay um can I put bacon all on my
chocolate milk could you ask him what
dressing you want than a salad oh I just
do what kind of dressing do you yeah any
kind
okay blue cheese okay thank you this
cookie I got oh I want one I think it's
one of those white pros and Oreos who
gave me with like a jelly on top I would
okay I will take any cookies you have
okay coming right up oh my salad perfect
tomatoes and everything thank you I
don't know
we'll work on keeping with the guitar
neck son the great job good job guys
ready
there we go
