but your beard is awesome and your kids
are awesome
and your wife is hotter than
ha
today's a very special day Prince is
tired she's going to do her performance
and you made an entire book about I know
don't get it out right now because we're
about to school and I don't want you to
have to put it all the way back then and
we'll get rained on because it's super
rainy today it's a beautiful day it's
funny because normally be like all rain
but I love the rain it's kind of nice
for a change in LA because we usually
have like the same calm consistent
weather which is beautiful weather but
it's kind of fun for a change at the
same time so princes chart is going to
do her little presentation and baby
chart is going to snot suck her thumb
not suck her thumb not suck her thumb
not suck her thumb me she's working on
that and then son tard what do you got
today just exciting wonderful learning
day of school right at least you're
better I have a bunch of worker leaders
because I was
yes I'm glad that you're feeling so much
better now though off the base
what's up everybody we are headed in the
enquiry right now to what's trending
with Shira Lazar and co-host Jackson
Harris Jackson Harris has been on what's
trending all week and I'm excited me and
Corey are going down there right now to
answer some Q's we have so there's some
A's knowing we're answering we're giving
a is we have a there's some Q's floating
around out there we're gonna grab those
cues and we're gonna give them aa raise
to those cues mister Q a I have a very
special announcement that me and Cory
talked about this morning about the
documentary if you haven't heard where
have you been I've been talking we're
making a movie called hey I'm vlogging
here we talked to Ali trippy last night
on the phone for like 30 minutes about
the movie and about her and Charles
being in it and about what we want them
to like cover in it and then a really
cool conversation with Ali last night
and we filmed some of it it was one of
those moments as we were talking on the
phone this is one of those moments that
should be in the documentary because
like me and Ali were just talking about
daily vlogging and what it's meant to us
what it requires of our lives and Cory
busted out the camera and Ali you know
it said some pretty revealing things and
it was exciting to have that
conversation with her anyways we have a
very special announcement today on
what's trending that we're gonna go talk
about right now I'll see if I can get
the clip from the show to put in if you
guys missed the show you go check it out
it's on what's trending I'll leave a
link below they have a youtube channel
where they do a live show every day but
you can go see our clip on there maybe
I'll throw it in here I'll see I'll ask
Damon if that's cool if I can steal some
of their footage did you want to be on
what's trending oh boy your sippy cup
dude don't you know I'm trying to focus
here
we got whoa we got che and Cory
all training today so I'm excited you
want more always of course right at the
moment I'm trying to watch my show it's
they never listen specs my shows
I'm blogging here and start donating
we're gonna be doing some crazy perks
which drove this show including shout
outs of your names whoever doing is in
real-time quitting the show we don't
push shout out yeah I find this pillow
pants it is monthly give it away to
somebody no we get a t-shirt away oh
look that's more my wife side I miss you
the stairs here they are the men man I'm
looking for donations for the rest of
the show so head on over to IndieGoGo
calm slash I'm blogging here and start
donating we're gonna be doing some crazy
perks during this show including shout
outs of your names whoever donates in
real time during the show we will give
you a shout out yeah I signed this
pillow good so let's get into this this
project there's a lot of questions
around this and you're gonna be making a
big announcement also on this show today
so I want to check in with you because
we're gonna be giving shoutouts into
donations I want you to take your foot
out while you're doing your phone out um
donate right now can we put up the link
to the IndieGoGo site right now that
link if you donate right now and we see
that come through we will give you a
shout out on the show Justin just
contributed 25
that's contributed 40 alena that is so
poor we're gonna well you keep on
donating will give more shoutouts let's
take a question from the chat room we
have a ton of questions coming in yeah
what are as well the chat room
everyone's really really excited they're
also excited to be here in so excited to
see Shay what do the kids think about
being in this documentary and how do you
think it's gonna change once it's built
to a bigger audience than just YouTube
that's a good question and I mean the
kids they don't know a lot about the
documentary yet because like I said we
just started working on it yeah but our
kids love it you know I watched them in
the vlogs as I'm editing you know and
baby tards singing the newest Taylor
Swift song and I'm like she is a
performer and just rocked hard my
youngest son every he's he's basically
the real-life Truman baby if you think
about it
he's been on YouTube his is what's the
sonogram what's the picture that they
call on your belly
ultrasound oh you've had enough kids I'm
like I don't know I mean he was on
YouTube when he was in my wife's stomach
and so he's like a little performer
alright we do you have an announcement
to make
let's go back has there been any
donations in real time go to the link
below donate right now we'll give you a
shout-out on the show yeah Alex
contribute a $25 thank you out we've
actually gotten a lot benjamin five five
alexandra five box you gave us five box
thank you even though every little every
dollar counts right literally yeah
because it's not about a lot of it's not
about a couple people giving us a lot of
money or people who are like Oh money's
really tight I can't I shouldn't do
coffee
yeah don't feel pressure to do it if you
can't Joe yeah that's another thing on a
sale you're in a hard place financially
don't let go sell a kidney so help us
make this movie I'm not asking that if
you have a couple extra bucks we would
like to have that money to make this
feeling below I don't I already sold my
kidneys Jack that's how he paid
sorry all right let's make this big
announcement there will be there are
many perks right now Yoga comm from five
dollars one hundred fifty to a few
thousand check it out the link below
donate in real time we'll give you a
shout out in the show what is the big
announcement here on what's trending
live it makes me really feel emotional I
feel like the funds that have already
been donated from the almost thousand
people are sacred we will take that
money and we will take care of it and we
will use it in the best way that we can
to make the best movie possible and to
prove and I don't know if this proves it
or not but just to show that we're not
trying to make this film to make a bunch
of money if it makes money documentaries
are known for being poor money makers
you know you don't make a documentary to
be rich you make a documentary to tell a
story that's what documentaries are
there's stories about things that people
don't know about it's exposing a
community what was your mission
statement that you said very quickly
it's why I make youtube videos and vlogs
is to influence positive change so we
want to expose a community that is
influencing positive change and for the
people that have already donated I'm
making this promise right now if the
documentary does make any money if for
say it blows up and it's super
successful and Sony or Fox or somebody
buys it come I promise right here on
your show yes yes brings bring the
school suit exclusive scoop we will
refund
everybody say we make this movie in it
sells for ten million dollars I will
refund everybody's money who donated
plus I will double if you donated fifty
bucks you're gonna get your fifty bucks
back plus fifty so we will double they
can invest it's a little investment if
you are taking a risk on us and we will
be willing if it does if this money does
make movie much what it money making if
this movie does make money we will give
back all the people who trusted us and
believed in this story and we will not
only give them a back to money that they
donated but we will double whatever they
do only on what's trending you heard it
here first but let's go back to the chat
room which I was so excited and they're
all saying we've been watching for so
long how will it be a little bit
different than the vlogs will you show
some of your darker sides or maybe
you got started yeah you know like we
said earlier we don't we want this movie
to be honest we don't want it to be like
we're all youtubers and we're living a
dream life check it out here's more of
our dream line we want to show the real
struggles that a lot of youtubers kind
of protect and for whatever reason for
fear of being judged and that's just
human nature fear of losing
which is weird because you started it as
like taking risks but then you start
becoming safe because you see that
worked so you don't want to go outside
of that box it's funny because it does
it the initial risk to say I'm gonna
make a video with me and my family every
day is a huge risk you're putting
yourself out there to be judged and
commented on and then after that happens
it's like oh I'm in this safe little
place where people are watching my
videos but you don't really tell those
real struggles that you're going through
because you're afraid that if you do
it's like well people will think I'm a
bad person if I tell them like what my
daily struggle is and then they won't
watch anymore and then I'll have to go
back to you know cutting granite for a
living and I won't be able to live this
dream that has created and so you kind
of like haha neuroses yeah you can
create that so as we saw this home
focuses a lot on established well-known
vloggers but we want to get all kinds of
different people here and weld in this
discussions or joining us now via
Google+ from Chicago its vlogger Ava
Gordy I've been watching Shane and the
Shea charts for three years now I'm a
huge fan whoa this project at first I
was a little iffy too because I didn't
really understand it but after you guys
have been explaining it so much I
understand it completely and I'm fully
behind it and I emailed poor Jana quick
mm-hmm and she managed to get back to me
and it was ridiculous yeah I am
particularly really easy to get ahold of
and she just saw his announcement what
does that mean
that's right the documentary we're going
to show we're exposing the truth it's so
great
like I can't tell you how passionate I
have about this community but yeah I
struggle with the same things like fear
of talking about things and even though
I'm smaller I still struggle with almost
exactly the same things you guys do so
isn't it funny where all people are on
the same struggle with the same and the
people that do take those risks the
risks like the jenna Marbles who are
just able to talk about anything you see
how it has its benefits like in the end
we all have experienced those things so
why have that fear but it's something
that we all go through whether you're on
YouTube or not okay one thing we've put
on our IndieGoGo page we just added it
yesterday is that we really want to make
sure we are showing vlogging from all
angles that includes youtubers of all
sizes regardless of how many subscribers
you have so we have an email I think
it's I'm a vlogger at I'm vlogging here
calm but that is listed on our IndieGoGo
page if you vlog if you've made daily
vlogs or weekly vlogs are just sitting
down talking to a camera vlogs we want
you to be a part of the documentary
we're going to be interviewing people at
playlist live and at VidCon but in our
travels all the places we're going to we
want to talk to everybody so if you
shoot us an email and you have something
to say about vlogging we would love to
put you in ava where can people find you
my user name is halt I am Emma thank you
so much for joining us from Chicago with
all that in sight and keep blogging keep
working hard it's all worth it and
thanks to your support let's check back
in with donations right now Cory sure
can you say other things while I quickly
refresh so this is one thing that just
Donna me is for the people that have
already donated we are gonna keep you up
to date one of the perks and that's if
anybody donates is a weekly newsletter
about the progress of this film so it's
not gonna be like give us your money and
then you'll hear back from us in six
months we're gonna be anybody who
donates is gonna be getting a weekly
email from me from Cory from another
person that's helping with the
production of the movie and we're gonna
let you know do you want to give us the
donations update yeah so a couple
donations updates Jenna contributed $5
Thank You Chad well thank you uh Nikolas
gave us $10 thank you so much
les Gregory contributed $5 thank you
guys very much really kevin nalty more
than is blown up they want to know will
there be also a soundtrack to it like
Megan conscious Montana Dana I that's
funny because I literally just texted
Danah Montana Dana Dan a Montana who's
one of like she's an artist that I found
on YouTube and there will be lots of
YouTube music I want to get we the Kings
to do a song I want to get walk off the
earth
Oh Jackson Paris might have a trap
Driftless Pony Club wheezy waiters ban
terabrite right even taja let's make
that let's make that album go number one
on iTunes yeah I think it's noticeable
with all that support so one thing
that's really important is what we were
talking about before is the
accountability and so like like we want
to share with everybody what we're doing
exactly when and why so there's gonna be
the weekly newsletter updates but at the
same time we're gonna be making a
behind-the-scenes of the documentary
while we make it I am a daily vlogger I
think that is one of the reasons that
she went with me because I understand
vlogging like I've been doing it we're
Canadians and so you're gonna see us
making this documentary wall we're
making it you're gonna be able to watch
us every day well you know it's delayed
by one day the next day for the six
months that we're filming and we went
from March April May June July August
and we want to go to these places from
all of these things the climax is going
to be at VidCon and then at VidCon we're
gonna release the teaser trailer oh and
by the end of the year we want the
documentary to be out and I know you
really want to share who the editor is
oh so another announcement yeah this is
another thing on is because of Cory's
nerdiness his relationship to Star Wars
the editor and that's another part of
the big part of the budget no George
Lucas will be editing editing from but
close to that a guy who worked at Lucas
Films for seven years who actually
edited all the behind this
blu-ray disc box set the same editor
that did all that will be editing in
this documentary and his and and he has
a big fee like this guy has been editing
for years and years and thank you so
much for all of your hard work and for
being here today the project is I'm
vlogging here donate right now or
anytime in the next week at
indiegogo.com slash I'm blogging here to
get all these amazing perks and to help
make this amazing movie a reality thank
you I spread the intern here um
currently I just stole his camera cuz
he's in a meeting and I'm annotating the
video that you saw yesterday see ahead
of that anyway I miss you guys hope
all's well chez edit this out high five
don't leave me hanging hurt my foot hurt
hip bone have you greased that up and do
a little slippy slide that'd be pretty
sick right the first time I ever came in
here I was like this needs likes
meanness come sliding through that we're
like the classic bartender shot like
I'll have a milk he slide it down you're
like that's from that's from Back to the
Future you know Bill Shockley he do he
know he gets a Pepsi free pose are you
gonna pay for that pal gets manure in a
glass but there is one where somebody
asks for milk milk chocolate what movies
because he's like in the Old West is
only does he get enough
and they slide it down the thing Britney
Spears promotional milk chocolate mug
from like definitely an animated film
maybe I've seen a lot of kids movies in
the last seven to nine years seven to
nine
let's try to remember how all of my kids
are held asunder nine a lot of kid the
Gracie's between sevens I figure that's
a two year discrepancy that's no I'm not
doing that I'm not doing that
editor stop it we're getting ready to
make dinner for the night and rock hard
is what you watch a Nocturn you watching
a movie by yourself but then what were
you watching
why are you hiding in the corner bro I'm
busy here necktie in the corner because
they needn't have to share that I hate
sharing the iPad it's a little selfish
but most two year olds are so I guess
we'll deal with it but nice corner dude
are you doing your homework no yes you
are
this is her homework she's got uppercase
ours and lowercase R she's coloring all
the lowercase pink and it looks like
you're doing it right so far good job
honey how are you guys doing I already
bro all right so it's like done with
that yeah well where is it cuz you know
I gotta check that don't cuz I'm so
smart you don't need a check overlay how
about every time I check out there's
usually one wrong go get your homework
man and prints this chart how are you
doing
three and I'm supposed to write them the
beginning and end of the story Oh
awesome by the way you and you what
we're funny in the end site yesterday
super laughing card sure sure see
they're already pulling out the acting
off there totes amazed presh and totally
awesome in the on site so if you haven't
watch the video you should totally go
check it out because it's so hilarious
okay oh it looks like totally ok what
are you doing I've tried doesn't let
them watch the movie with him so he's
hiding underneath the couch now and
they're trying to watch it over the top
of the ears
they want to watch the movie - don't be
selfish with your movie that's rude you
wanna watch - okay sorry girl be nice oh
the struggles of a two year old what do
you do this is so not safe so not safe
what she will do for a good Instagram
photo
sweaty no you're looking good you're
looking good so weird on the back of
that stuff cuz we dropped it this is the
new maker offices I'm gonna get in
trouble oh nice oh good thing I have a
nametag where I wouldn't know where to
sit at the dinner table
Cory where's your nametag I'm gonna keep
this forever son tard
dude all your Picasso paintings sold out
today on IndieGoGo you excited we got to
get you to start working on some artwork
we're gonna lock you in the art room
you're not coming out for 24 hours so
you create 10 masterpieces okay baby
chard I didn't tell you but you need to
do three drunk oh we have the wrong
utensil here use my dinglehopper look
how frustrated and he's a clean baby -
he does not like messes look at him
cleaning that up
who's calling me Jesse the brake versus
break guys I'll be right back
