but your beard is awesome
and your kids are awesome
and your wife is hot
okay we're here with Craig Boise whiner
you say your real name right
yeah you can say it my real name's
wheezy waiter fattiest John the third is
here with us in studio ol wheezy waiter
is doing the podcast with us today we're
so excited to have him he is in
California on a mission he has many
things that he's doing and one of those
is to have some delicious California
coffee that is available too this is
very strong coffee we're gonna we had a
suggestion that we should talk about gun
control and so we're gonna get all
controversial and low beer this podcast
yeah have some beer drought I don't
think so because my my policy on that is
genius
so everyone will be happy okay check out
the podcast hey guys so we're at the
school the girls are playing some cards
playing dodgeball over there Sam he's
right there he's the one in the back
with the long pants and he looks super
cool too there let me tell you he was so
proud of his outfit he has long pants I
would like a nice jacket shirt mom was
so adorable and yes he did look honest
and I'm currently cutting out some the
picture so I'm gonna cut out that
chicken wing I'm gonna cut them out for
scouts
we're gonna be playing a game in scouts
today where the boys are gonna find
these different cutouts hidden around
the church and then afterwards we're
gonna have to decide which food throats
they fit into so just a little food
learning
you're famous now because everybody
wants gun everybody what oh all the kids
are coming over here getting my gum out
of my purse so happens I'm getting them
a little bit they get if they take it
all
what are you doing silly I ought to but
guess what what this kid needs a camera
he needs a camera and a youtube channel
of singing me what is this little party
going on that's okay
you're telling me with all these
children playing on the playground
you're choosing to do your homework why
so because I don't high-five but way to
think about getting it done early then
you don't have to think about it later
so you're doing your so that you guys
can play together
yeah what an awesome sister you are good
job girls
yeah remember you don't have to finish
them all today
like an overachiever there's princess
hard she gets a packet every look every
Monday morning and they work on the same
homework all week like they have a page
or two pages per day she likes to get
her send all on Monday my goodness and
I'm always trying to tell her I'm like
you don't have time to do it all just
calm down just do your two pages and
tomorrow you do the next ones but she
likes to get it all done so what can I
say
she likes me an overachiever I'm proud
of her but I think sometimes I gotta
tone it down a notch sister sisters do
you guys remember the other day when we
were talking about Pablo Picasso at
Island burger and how son tar did his
rendition of Pablo Picasso and how all
the kids were getting around him and
saying that is so good son already
brought it home easiness Cecily come and
tell us how incredibly this is not only
an accurate representation of the brute
blue period it's in the style of the
blue stylist it's incredible
seamless did you trace this oh you just
copy them you guys so I showed this
picture actually in the vlog the other
day that looks really good dude what is
this a famous painting I like is the
guitarist in the blue period by Pablo
Picasso dis famous because when Pablo
Picasso was sad he painted all of his
paintings blue is a blue with his zombie
playing a guitar I like this painting
because it is very cool both in color
and temperature yeah how do you know why
is it a zombie because he's blue some
bees are sad without a heart beating
heart you had a fling
I'll get two of them yes wow that's
impressive maybe we should give some of
these away for the IndieGoGo campaign
we're trying to raise money for a
documentary we give something away can
you do some extras you want baby want to
keep those can you do some more yes so
leave your comments below what kind of
what Picasso do you want done son turtle
do some Picasso paintings for everybody
nope
he was so cheap that he would do a
little drawing on every check another
person didn't cash the check no way he
became mad famously he knew people
wouldn't ashliegash subjects so he would
just come with me write checks and never
carry any cash no you sly dog Pablo
Picasso but I do have that $500 check
this picture of smart smart Picasso
don't be that fifth care bro Wow
talented little acrobats here
what if she falls and breaks her neck
you have to push for the wheelchair the
rest your life
oh it's cool ladies what did you learn
the backwards worm I was gonna say the
reverse worm we're gonna make the same
joke good job and we learned about
fractions cuz like it you could make a
shape and you have to make equal sides
of it like if you make a triangle and
you do it like that it's that it's not
an equal it's not they're not it's not
an equal shape when you cut it in half
it has to be both in all of the sides
have to be equal
mmm yes that Betar do you have a
question yes watch this
what newfangled move you're doing now
they return you all bricassart on your
back see they'll get out on the ground
what're you doing up there no don't
start up there keepers stand off the
ground baby tart and then princess art
you try to get on the back do right here
not on her shoulders just on her back
nope ain't happening Rock chart you can
I eat all the cheese then we won't have
enough for the enchiladas you think
that's just your bowl of cheese she's
not it's for the enchiladas see we need
the chicken then we need the sauce then
we need the cheese and you can't eat it
all silly head that's chicken huh what's
this sauce yeah yeah so we're making ten
plates of enchiladas today not because
we're really starving but because today
I'm taking a dinner to one of my friends
who just had a baby so we're making two
plates one for her and her family and
then one for our family
hi rocks hard but she just had a wheel
baby ja sauce she's still learning the
sauce the cheese and the chicken okay
let's make another one okay so we get
the chicken is that exciting because
we're putting chicken on it now what
goes next not the sauce you do the sauce
want me to do it okay he doesn't you
know dude come on he's like doing this
sauce because that's the messy part and
surprisingly he's not a very messy
Johnny yeah I take that back he's super
messy he just doesn't like to get messy
is that that's kind of a catch-22 but
it's true he don't like it okay what
comes after the sauce dude cheese okay
that's enough
dad that's enough okay no yeah we don't
we don't want too much no
okay that's good that would be that
would be a really cheesy one okay no
more no more all right and then we gotta
wrap it but I can't wrap it with there
you go
you're gonna help mommy wrap it thank
you okay you hold the camera you hold
the camera you move your fingers show
them the enchilada good okay let's get
it straightened up don't worry I did
wash his hands and everybody okay fold
up the corners we wrap it up like that
and then we stick it over here follow
follow what I'm doing here try again you
guys look what I did I'm such a good
husband oh yeah I made it spic and span
and here so mommy tart and son tartare
at scouts and I stayed home with the
girls and rockface and put him to bed
and cleaned up the house Tuesday nights
are my nights to stay home with the kids
and mommy tired takes Sun tarde two
Scouts and usually she makes us dinner
we all eat dinner then they go to scouts
and then I'm left with the kids and a
giant dinner mess so it's always my goal
every Tuesday night no way and Mommy
tarde comes home late from scouts she's
tired that makes it the whole house and
all the dishes are completely done so
that she can just come in and cuddle
with me we also actually have a
houseguest coming to stay with us
tonight Corey Vidal is flying in from
Toronto he should be here in like ten
minutes ago he just texted me said it'll
be here in three minutes if you guys
don't know who Corey is he is the
director of the film that we are making
together I'm vlogging here it's a
documentary about vloggers and me and
Corey are gonna be on what's trending
with Shira Lazar on Thursday and we're
gonna be making some videos and updating
you guys and giving you a lot more
information about the documentary hey
what's up so SunGard and I had a crazy
experience tonight we were driving to
scouts and it's kind of a stressful
situation not for us but for most of the
people in our lanes because there's
construction going on in that road so
it's a little stressful
at six o'clock when everybody's trying
to get through traffic to have
construction on the road so looking
ahead and the car right in front of me
was next to this other car and there was
a girl driving and a guy in the backseat
and they both had their windows rolled
down and they looked over this other car
and I don't know if he said something or
if he gave him a dirty look but they
just started yelling at each other and
the
guy in the backseat of the one car to
the right grabbed his milkshake and
threw it in the window of the driver's
seat or the passenger side front seat
does that make sense
did you see it dude
they threw the milkshake in his car
which he which he grabbed the milkshake
and threw it back this is all while
we're driving
mind you we're driving during all this
the milkshake splatters all over this
other car that just threw it at this guy
anyways like milkshake went here and
then back there so then this guy is a
mad now you could tell if he was gonna I
don't know what he was gonna do be he
was like swerving he was swerving back
he was swerving and and I was like but
I'm pretty sure what he was doing was
getting their license plate number four
so we're trying to hit him but his car
was a lot nicer than there so I don't
think he was gonna try to hit him but it
was crazy it was like a ballet from road
rage straight up meaning you're Superman
you care you just wanna hit that car so
that's kind of what it looked like and
so I'm tired and I were like oh my
goodness we have to stay back so I just
stayed back like an extra 10 feet it was
just like waiting what if they didn't do
someone's gonna pull out a gun or
something
thankfully the other car just turned off
and he sped away and this guy was still
in front of us but we started a
stoplight and all I could hear was like
swearing and yelling I'm like where's
that coming from
press and then I really think he was on
his phone so I'm like maybe he didn't
know who they were it was an exciting
adventure it was a little bit wild and
crazy welcome to LA I'm sure that you
guys have had adventures like that it
just made me think what caused that
reaction in those two it was like all of
a sudden it was fire and they were both
just screaming at each other don't have
road rage you guys it doesn't lead to
happy places it only leads to milkshake
splattered all over your car good thing
nobody got hurt though right yeah but
the good thing is the guy got his rotate
back way to look on the bright side
granted it was splattered all over the
back of his car
no easily got it back there's like I
don't know shake that that's awesome
wait
got the positive side okay they're home
from scouts hey babe what do you think
about the apartamento I told them that I
clean it every Tuesday night so that you
can come home and come and cuddle with
me but now Cory's here so we're done be
like cuddle Cory want to cuddle bro
there could be three people cuddling at
once what house Scott's bed it was good
we talked about food and the food guys
here and I love food I feel like the
pyramids changed it has changed me like
this now it's like this no it's always
been like that
wait what it's always been a pyramid
well yeah but like the pyramids like
this and each food group goes like this
now Oh instead of like Anna based cuz it
used to be like what was the bottom like
it was like cheese and candy pop and
butter I don't know what no pop and
butter is not a food group in I hear
some of the Pops and butter pop do you
call it pop yeah I got Americans Thomas
depends on where you're at
we can we call it pop where we're from
we call it pop but I think East Coast
calls it soda do you call it soda and
connect okay I think all Canadians call
it pop I don't want to speak for all
Canadian posit yeah they all call pop
yeah we call it we I grew up on a pop
this has come up quite often in the vlog
whenever we say pop because people like
you call pop you know what we call like
what do you call here's a good question
so when you're in your car and it's
snowing and you flora and you start
spinning in circles what do you call
that don't see we call it cookies
cookies and we were like freaking out
about fizzy drinks fizzy and I've heard
that too or people just call it coke
what do you want to drink off of a coke
what kind of coke Ruby what's right I
want coke that's why I said coke
I remember this winter when we went to
home and I called our spinning and a van
cookies I had never seen so many comets
like cookies those are called Donuts
it's like go take your pastry people who
doesn't matter your
been in a circle in a car on the snow
it's fun I definitely want a donut or
and or a cookie at this point a maple
bar oh you're calling what are we
talking about Cory I had just talked
about people being inspired to love
because of you guys and Charles and
Ellie or people being inspired to go to
school because of vloggers like John
Green or Hank green how the YouTube
community gets inspired by the people
they watch but the people they watch get
inspired by the YouTube community
because Shay just told me all kinds of
incredible stories about people who lost
weight because of Shay loss and you know
all these stories like right off the top
of his head we've had like three hours
of discussion about this documentary I
was just telling Cory and we've just
been discussing how it can't be all
roses and sunshine like we need those
moments where people you know mean like
the Oprah moment the Barbara Walters
moment where people break down and say
this is what was really going on while
all that stuff was happening on the
outside and I was just asking Colette
like what our thing would be which I'm
not gonna tell you that's why I just
asked her I said what is the one thing
that because if you don't know what I'm
talking about we are making a
documentary together it's titled hey I'm
vlogging here and it's gonna highlight
multiple youtubers we've already talked
to Hank and John Green from the vlog
brothers Charles and Ally prank vs.
prank is so cool like an easy way to
talk to hitters and cater seventeen we
just want to like highlight a bunch of
people in the YouTube community what I
was just saying to Corey is what is the
one thing that a lot of these youtubers
don't share with their audience because
for a lot of these especially the daily
vloggers like us and Charles and prank
vs. prank you see our lives every day
but there's definitely things that we
don't tell you because one there is a
little you know sense if you want to
have some privacy and you're afraid to
share your weaknesses or the troubles
that you have that we don't ever film or
ever talk about that's what I want to
get in the documentary we're just
talking like how are we gonna get these
youtubers to be willing to open up and
share these things and we were just
talking about what our thing would be
now this is a little weird because you
know there is a very big specific thing
that we didn't ever share
I want to put that in the documentary oh
if I want to tell that story and I feel
like making a movie is the chance to do
that to be honest to just lay it all out
on the line say this is really how it
happened and I want that in the
documentary because I don't want it to
just to be like all fluffy and flu flu
and like oh yeah it's so great we're
living the dream you know all this
perfect you know we're not we're people
and people make mistakes and people have
struggles so I want to just figure out
how we can you know get that in the
documentary without like you know
jeopardizing too many people and yeah
well what I think I was saying before is
that if we make this documentary where
everything is great the entire time all
the way through and there is no struggle
and there is no honesty then we're gonna
totally jeopardize people's belief in
what we're sharing whereas it's it's a
much better story to say here's where
the real struggles were and we got
through it right because of the fans or
with the fans or with the community of
each other or with other youtubers like
you know not to bring up too touchy of a
guess a sensitive topic but you know
when when Charles had his brain tumor
you were there like you showed up like a
couple days later and obviously Charles
blogged very positively through the
experience right but there was a there's
a lot going on that wasn't on the vlog
and there's a lot of stuff that you guys
have been through that it's like you
know you you brave yourself up and hit
record and right have tears in your eyes
talking about your dog and you just tell
everybody hey this you know we can get
through this and we all love each other
and then you hit stop and then it gets
really quiet yeah and I mean me and my
friends we're daily vloggers and we have
that moment to where we need to record
and we share something by the way
subscribe to chill Corey's channel thing
links below that's what I think is a big
question that a lot of the viewers have
you know for us it's like we're the
skate hearts really like off of camera
maybe mommy tired as a giant winch
and she just like beats the children and
nags Shay constantly non-stop 24 hours a
day so anyways we were sitting here
talking about all that and what we want
this film to be and we want it to be
good and we want it to tell all these
things and move people and tell this
story this might be a good opportunity
to ask you to donate to the fund but we
are gonna release a lot more information
this week we're gonna go on Sheila's our
show what's trending on Thursday we're
part of a live show where we answer
questions Cory already updated the
IndieGoGo site about frequently asked
questions if you guys have some if you
have some fa Q's some frequently asked
questions let us know in the comments
and we'll address them and that's what
we want this thing to be is just open
and honest I want to say one thing that
the documentary is not going to be I
want to make sure that people know that
the documentary is not just some more
footage that you guys never vlog guys
like oh hey why don't you just tell us
right now and then we don't need to make
the documentary and we can save a bunch
of money that's not the point of what
we're trying to achieve what we're
trying to do is tell a lot of people's
stories and try to kind of define what
vlogging is and why and how it affects
people in a much larger scale than the
day-to-day how something that could have
you almost started or you're kind of a
grandfather of old
knock it off how you know in the day to
day the much bigger story and I've seen
comments where people saying hey we
already know your story we don't need to
hear your story ken and I just want to
make sure that people know that that's
not it's a lot bigger than that's for
sure it's not a story about the
Shaytards
we're like the thread line kind of
through the story but this isn't me
about you know my course had hundreds of
different youtubers and even some of you
might have the opportunity to be in the
vlog we talked about we'd love to get
some bits and viewers that have watched
us from the beginning some of you who
have watched us every day from before we
ever even started the daily vlogs we
would love to interview some of you
people who have been through all of this
with us anyways more to come on that
though I just want to let you know
Corey's here we're gonna be working on
all week and
we're getting started on this thing so I
check out the link below for the
IndieGoGo love you guys see you tomorrow
you wench
my aunt's Lake girls are still at school
I was gonna have them do the N slate
today because you guys all thought they
were hilarious and yesterday's end slate
and I do agree with you they are the
best insulators on this side of the
Mississippi check out the IndieGoGo
campaign below we just barely added some
new perks included in there are some
original Sun tarred Pablo Picasso
drawings and then we will be also adding
more as the week goes on so check them
out links below watch yesterday's vlog
we go to the coolest beach in all of
California out of the three years that
we've lived in California this literally
was the coolest beach I've ever been to
a lot of you are saying that the house
that we saw on the beach is the house
that Justin Bieber goes to when he goes
to write his songs and then of course if
you're feeling lucky you know what to do
we will see you tomorrow tomorrow I'll
see you tomorrow
