all right happy Martin Luther King jr.
Day we are on a special adventure as a
family to go discover a beach that we
have never been to before are you guys
excited to see shells some rocks snaps
we are going to El Matador State Beach
where there's a bunch of like big
outcropping rocks and cliffs cave some
cavernous kaleidoscope of coolness man
I'm excited dang it I can't excited
start with a C so we are merging on to
the PCH
we're gonna go up past Malibu where
we're gonna find this beach it's crowded
out today and I think some people would
be out about pretty celebrating Martin
Luther King what a precariously
positioned Pacific palace this is I got
one I got you a literation look at that
I want to know who stays in the very top
level of that it's a great view out
there at the Pacific Ocean right here on
the edge of this like dirt cliff
hopefully there's my mind is what
happens when the earthquake tsunami it
well against
you're a wise man said sorry I know
these are something we definitely should
be aware of
tell them the house on the beach just
say I'm poor risk it why not
anything's possible anything is possible
if you just believe I think that's a
good well I like that hey Sun tart how's
the no sugar thing going dude don't want
to tell him about last night when we
went and got Oreo milkshakes at the
McDonald's drive-through I got some
tired of strong I even asked if I even
gave him a little temptation I ordered
for Oreo McFlurry so I said you want one
you know will seeking that he would
forget it's like nope you got a large
water instead looking good already
started look buffered healthier and
handsomer yeah yeah so last night after
we uploaded the one takes and I was
reading some of your comments saying
that you felt inspired by Sun tarde to
also try to go without sugar and then I
was telling son tarik that there are
people in the comments saying that he
was an inspiration and I asked son
tardif he knew what an inspiration was
what that meant remember what you said
what you thought an inspiration was a
means of
man brother - just
you're totally right man I feel like
it's a really good definition of what an
inspiration is is somebody who's willing
to lead and inspire other people when
they other people see this you can do
something it gives them the courage to
do it as well so I'm proud of you buddy
it's not a bad day out it's pretty sunny
in the blue skies and the ocean is looks
very lovely shabby I not too shabby at
all look at all the people out there on
the rocks
exploring different possibilities it's
pretty man the PCHS always fun to ride
up okay here we are at El Matador State
Beach we just found a parking spot and
then we have to hike there's like a
trail where we have to cruise on down
here and to see what's the way do you
want to run run run what tides in a
little grumpy keg I'd be careful dude
don't fall be careful okay dude so does
this dirt trail come on high heel face
seriously really we're out on a hike and
you're wearing high heels
what and Martin Luther King jr. say he'd
probably accept you for who you are I
bet I have a dream I have a dream that I
can hike a trail and high heels and a
princess dress a rock-climber tard good
one Casey hey hey hey rock climber tard
careful you guys
easy to use look at this this is pretty
cool this is like watch that little rock
head he's gonna fall off of there
dude that's scary you fall down there
here we are man this is pretty neat yeah
it does it looks like mine's me of
Goonies here you guys come here princess
heart jump off the edge of this thing
I'll catch you
I'm sure Shay has already showed you the
view but I love it what'd you find there
princess tower let's not have that
happen check it out it's like little
crevasse this Nate
it's exciting exploring all this stuff
alright this is where we are found a
little crevasse that we're climbing out
of arrows now we've got to go down the
stairs to get down there's a lot of
stairs how many stairs are there
princess card how many can you jump down
jump I was just telling princess Tarte
how she's the most daring out of all the
kids she's just like her daddy crazy
she says it's fun to be crazy woohoo
what's this
Oh careful if the tide comes in we're
gonna get soaking wet cool the other
side pull there's naked kids up there
that's random
we got the football okay we're gonna run
down and see what's on the other side go
go go go go
we'll get you baby thar won't get you
I'm gonna catch the leaders will catch
the leaders
hey beautiful I love you this cool
air show the rock or on top of alright
check it out you guys
haha this is the rope
rocks on what are you doing it's like
there's got to be stairs around here
somewhere you can do that
that's gonna jump you like Katy to catch
are you just gonna jump okay let's see
jump she looks pretty soft on there it's
a long ways
okay sure don't break your leg okay go
one two three Wow all right
pretty deep be friends come catch Gager
let's go hi it is you're pretty brave
hey there's Little Rock man what's up
dude you having fun look what KZ just
came for a little it's a little crawls
down the lobster trap leopard rat
that's cool there's no Lobster and ago
and this is what life's all about
oh he caught it
hey cage arranger for Gager
dude you were taught there a tough
little man I've got a heart oh that's
sweet who's your heart for hey Liam
Brailey couldn't be here thanks Bradley
got sick last night and I'm pretty sure
it's from hanging out with us I feel so
bad bravely we love you I'm sorry we
made you sick Colette you're breaking
the commandment thou shalt not covet thy
neighbor's house she is looking at this
setup man right on the beach kind of
like gotta storm the calcium with this
house is there really no use making that
up
he bought this after he made Waterworld
there's no instagramming allowed they
totally believed it forget gage and rock
garden you guys are gonna get the
snipers out here the dogs are gonna be
after you here in a minute let's go
check out the other side here that's Sun
tard and baby tart over here playing in
the rocks there's Princess start up
there what'd you find cool that's a cool
stuff man
once you find the deed to this property
for us holiday this thing is so cool you
jealous
becomes the little family that comes
Rock man himself hey buddy you have the
time of your life
yeah dad pretty much the best time ever
okay this is how we have to get back we
have to get down on our hands and knees
and climb and crawl through a little
hole go ahead gage stood up a little too
fast to go extend up we're gonna scrape
your back so here's what we're dealing
with no call under this little tiny
crevasse come on rock guard
climb under dude get down the boy gotta
climb underneath there he little monkey
climb under there follow gage don't hit
your head hit your head I love these
guys just barely
for me now we're inside of a cave
you don't want to be in here when the
tide comes up all right there she goes
we enjoyed a nice afternoon right here
at the beach and now the Sun is setting
in the sky not before we got some pretty
amazing pictures for Instagram throw
those pictures up CheY
Oracle just follow me on instagram you
can see them real time we got some sweet
pictures where it looked like me in case
you're like 50 feet in the air because
we're like laying flat on the sand
they're really fun that what he did
dancing around you weirdo yeah
pocketknives come in handy huh look
which the start is getting buried over
there gay just karate on the side what
do you think I'm tired what do you think
cold shoulder you see mama okay oh it's
too much of my chicken sandwich pretzel
start wanting to do some boyfriend
Jackson Harris I like that this is an
amazing contraption you got going here
we got the light he's got the light here
I have to use my flashlight laughter
what do you want to do right now my face
dad's doctor just said to monitor I
wouldn't go home with my ID back hung
over a iPad yeah
you don't need all your noodles yet dog
very tired
you eat your cheeseburger down there she
steps in her mouth son tired handed over
his chocolate snack pack some meat are
very proud of them a lot of chocolate
seafood dinner so delicious and the
Caesar salad and a chicken sandwich
see iPad players forever
I'm so excited to get this moving curls
day I wanna go to Princeton one day okay
dude you're going to Princeton what do
you think about the movie I was gonna
say what Ivy League school are you gonna
go - how about you go to Harvard you
want to go to Princeton okay have fun at
Princeton love you bye
looks like I better double up those
college education funds you look guilty
young lady what did you find
naughty naughty let me see chocolate
they looked like they were like the last
ones they were gonna be gone after this
he's better three no they had like 20 I
should've bought more
this video is not sponsored by Oreos
thanks for watching today's video guys
and make sure to check out yesterday's
vlog a feeling lucky then click on that
button
jefes don't forget guys there's only 9
days left to get a shakers calendar yeah
I even spit on the sale baby Target
gross yeah but you okay thanks ladies
for doing the end slate love you go play
your role
