let's go home and catch some baby train
to go get some baby
he's a marathon man with four cute kids
his wife Katie let's also featured in
the Miss Sutton tar-baby drug princess
and luck been watching for the years and
I'll get on style sitting at home
staring at the screen waiting for the
message saying that is ready to be seen
I'm bad every day like a part of the
family shades awesome the crew living
life every day I'm watching the
Shaytards wash you're watching the
shades hearts join us over the shades
hearts vlog every day
hey you guys I just finished cleaning up
Rock turns Carson oh so I've got these
pieces right here but I'm missing two
pieces I made the mistake of like
leaving them on the computer desk ah I
knew better than that I thought he can
reach up there so I should have put them
somewhere else but I didn't and now
those two pieces are gone so we're
asking Rob car if he can help find those
pieces rock hard remember this and this
they go to your car seat do you know
where the other pieces are do you know
where the other parts are okay over
there yeah can you show me can you help
find these pieces can you help find the
other pieces okay okay do you know where
they are
yeah okay okay okay where are they let's
go on a hunt you got it that's mom's
to-do list that's a fruit snack where'd
you get those you stinker
hey you know rock hard focus focus where
are the other pieces to this okay here
we go here we go I have a feeling this
time it's really got it
are they under there
please don't tell me they're under there
are they up there okay we're going I
have a feeling this is it up there
no no rock garden no now we're just
playing hide and seek nope they're not
there no they're not in there all right
well we're gonna continue looking and
hopefully we find it I
in the bathroom you already looks there
dude oh man that one's your head I'm in
there do you see him your directions are
horrible another day another time to
vlog in an airplane bathroom it's funny
to think how many times a bag
don't yell at me and no won't check in
the industry
nothing
these things
I don't put your sinuses I'll tell you
what boy
if I get poison
well it's nice to be back to sunny
weather and blue skies I've been wearing
these two coats for the last 48 hours
I'm gonna have to start shedding them
I'm already starting to sweat
it's good to be back to the mothership I
mean I don't you're talking about that's
not a spaceship but now what do you mean
when zombies attack we're all gonna get
in that space trip in Los Angeles and
fly to the planet Mars oh he's silly
stupid judge mouth is okay there's a
great day no joke Oh free want dog my to
Great Dane puppies are somewhere out
there right now I don't know if they're
puppies yet because I feel like I'm not
gonna get them for another six months
it's somewhere the mother and the father
of those future puppies maybe they're on
a date right now maybe they're no
slurping a bowl of spaghetti together
and the noodle comes and they kiss maybe
they're running around in the chicken
yard and getting shut out by farmer Joe
together I hope they're having a great
time and they're sparking up a real
relationship that will create to the
greatest date and puppies of all the
time and they'll be my doll bye I love
you buddy
I love you forever so I was kind of just
playing around right there when I
grabbed Malachi's collar and said that
but then after I turned off the camera
just
at my first cry about malachi and months
and months right after malachi died I
had to like purposely not think about
him because you know there's probably a
dozen times where I'd be driving around
maybe like a week or two weeks after he
died and I'd be thinking about him I
would I would cry every time not like
Baal but like tears would come to my
eyes I feel out welling up inside of
just like missing that relationship and
I just I just had one of those and I
haven't had one for a long time maybe
it's because I'm delirious because I've
only slept like four hours in the last
50 but I miss my friend
they grateful for grateful for the
relationship that we had together and I
think he really helped me in ways that
how you may never know to become the
person I am today so I'll always
remember that relationship that we had
even though he's just a dog we
definitely had nine good years together
and went through a lot of stuff man he
definitely helped us raise those kids
and anyways love your dogs give him a
hug for me today he's here got here
hurry are you ready my love
he wants to join him lutein daddy huh
daddy and as you can see they are no
longer sick whatever looks healthy good
source of it hello my lady thank you for
gracing me with your presence you rock
mmm looks like you have your train let's
see turn around
your servant you have a lovely servant
carrying your train oh your majesty they
are the most glorious glass slippers I
have seen in all of the land all the
women are jealous of your beauty and
grace I gotta go okay have a lovely day
thank you so much for blessing us with
your presence by servant Her Majesty
adorns the kingdom with her loveliness
are you writing your pony which playing
their son tizzle playing hero this is
Harry Potter
cool cool bro
what smells so good in here hey New York
give me five
it's just uh oh yeah Maureen you feeling
better buddy boy you want to go hi Daddy
I'm gonna go hi Daddy
I'm gonna go hi okay ready here we go
one two three you're excited to eat what
is that you know noodles what color boy
do you get he's shaking his shimmy
shimmy shake shake him hey yeah bro hey
what color board did you get what color
is it
you stinker you stinker thanks Bob oh
I'm sorry
mm-hmm hung beer sorry princess here you
can have the leftovers leftover select
over I know just do not banish me to the
jail rock garden here you go he's like
home do you like Daddy does no eat my
noodle
what color is that rock guard what color
is that what color is this be blue good
boy don't take a minute but we got hello
everybody worked downtown Los Angeles
we're gonna go out on a triple date
we're with the hotness of hairspray plan
the ladies are all together
KC la fere I'm the lead
of the clan leader of Hopkinson Hair
Spray leader of the pack ladies ready
you're so cool
okay go I want to get this angle so cool
baby nice dismount
point your toes thanks for letting us
slide on into your hearts and homes for
the last four years we really appreciate
it feels so good to be home with my
family I love them so much and miss them
just for the two days I was gone
love you guys thanks for watching our
videos and supporting us want to wish
everybody a very happy Martin Luther
King jr. Day and we are actually gonna
head out right now on a special
adventure to go to explore somewhere
that we've been wanting to go explore
for a long time so be sure to tune in
tomorrow for a special extravaganza with
the Shaytards
check out yesterday's vlog I know you're
feeling lucky you just feel it today
click on that feeling lucky button and
see what hilariousness ensues see you
mom
