one takes sunday ignition in 3 2 1
open your mind never mind like I was
about to explode this explosion we're
about to take off one take Sunday in the
truck why are you wearing your glasses
babe received a viral disease from her
sleeping toddler but I've been using the
eyedrops baby tard what are you doing
what are you doing what are you doing
this trying to give her pinkeye rude are
you trying to look at the camera young
lady what's going on everybody
today we skipped church for stiller
church clothes we all kind of woke up
sick I'm just like getting over sickness
and mommy - I think she has pinkeye Rock
card threw up again last night so we
didn't take him to church because we
want to get all the other kids sick tis
the season okay so for one take Sunday
we're gonna go around the truck and
stereo on there too
okay you guys we're talking about what
makes us happy in this life what makes
us happy I know I know what makes you
happy big family I just tweeted about a
documentary that I watched is on TV s is
about what we do to receive happiness in
this life that's what we're all
searching for because we all want hey I
have a question for you guys so you guys
what do you do when you feel sad how do
you make yourself happy when you say
that again baby turn what do you think
what if you're just sad how do you like
overcome that what if you feel sad and
you're unhappy how do you make yourself
happy
what do you do what's this
you say you just say be happy and then
you're happy be happy what if that
doesn't work though what if you're in a
bad mood and you're like come on self be
happy but you're still in a bad mood and
you feel you still feel sad what do you
do then come on I'm going to be out then
not gonna be sad i blended super happy
Oh careful with that stick I don't know
where he came up with this idea he
definitely came out of nowhere was this
totally I know I was like are you sure
and I've asked him like 10 times I'm
like think about this decision before
you commit to it dude because it's gonna
be like hard so tell I'm so tired what
do you want to eat what is your goal the
year not even week or month here are you
talking just like pop and candy are you
talking like cookies cupcakes ice cream
everything cool what about like a buff
soda so does have sugar in it
I think you could have a muffin dude for
China you know well I mean this is gold
bro okay so I told sundered and we shook
on it but then he came into my room he
said I want a contract he did did you
came in he said he wanted a contract
haha well we cuz you offered him I said
that I would pay him $100 because the
rest of the year without sugar and he
agreed to it and he said we have to
write down a contract and I say I said
do you think about this we're talking
about Halloween that means no
trick-or-treating that's like birthdays
that's like you know Valentine's in
trick-or-treat you just can't eat it
yeah we're talking about Christmas
you're gonna go to the rest of the year
I wanted to make sure that he
understands like how hard that's gonna
be it's easy to say right now and during
the moment when all of those times come
it's gonna be tough
wait what do you think dude are you
ready hmm are you sure what are you what
are you gonna do when those hard times
come when it's like Valentine's Day okay
in a couple weeks it's gonna be
Valentine's Day at school and all your
friends and your girlfriends cuz you
know you have like six or seven they're
gonna be having Valentine's Day with
like little hearts like cinnamon bears
and like sugar and like you know suckers
and all that kind of stuff what are you
gonna do when they're all eating that
and you don't have it how instead that's
actually a very true principle if you're
gonna take something out of your life
you have to replace it so yeah yeah so
maybe instead of eating sugar you can
start reading more which I don't know
how you're gonna do cuz you read a ton
well I think that's crazy but I am
excited for you and I am supportive of
you and I am NOT gonna blame him if he
doesn't get it but I think that's
amazing
I will all the new to your country
actually did something similar to that
when he was what how old were you honey
I was like a teenager and my mom she bet
me 300 bucks
I couldn't go a year it's kind of the
same thing but if mine was just popping
candy so used to huddling cookies in the
ice cream
yeah then I think I did it the next year
where I was like no sugar at all for
like 500 bucks I think I failed at it
but like the first the first year I
totally did and it was just popping
candy what do I used to turn left back
that's crazy I don't know Mike okay
anyways and so yeah I did it the very
first year I did it but you know what my
little sneaky brother Casey he poor diet
coke in my orange juice one time so this
was enough sugar what a stinker no case
and then I remember I cuz I was like 12
or 13 and he was like trying to get me
and I was like he's like started crying
is like oh but she's like okay that
doesn't count
poor diet he tricks you that is not fair
anyways if you guys didn't see I tweeted
a link to a documentary earlier that was
on Netflix as a PBS documentary about
how we as a species as a human people
search for happiness that's how we all
want to feel because like the kids said
earlier it just feels better to be happy
and I talked about how family and our
friendships and our the relationships
those lasting relationships are some of
the only things that truly bring us
lasting happiness instead of just
bringing us momentary happiness
like by eating a candy bar you fill the
sugar and you feel happy for a minute
but then it dissipates then it goes away
and then you don't have the happiness I
tell you have to wait is it the same one
with the monkeys yeah I told her
interesting they did a study with
monkeys
they took baby monkeys away from their
mother which is horrible but they did a
study they had a monkey that was made
out of wire like a fake one that had a
bottle so there was food but the monkey
wasn't comforting and then there was
another monkey that was just like a soft
blanket you know and a soft face and
every time the baby monkey went to the
soft cuddly monkey not the one with the
food but the one with the comfort and it
said that the baby monkey preferred the
comfort like it would go take the food
from like the wire monkey but then it
would always like if it right as they
open the gate it would always run to the
soft monkey that's like most human
desire and I think that that's what
family means to me is just being able to
love each other look like or act like
all you need is love what is that all I
need is what's my name son
it love is just a game I like that
version it's um sing it let's sing it go
don't stop all you need is just again I
was made for loving you baby you were
made for loving me
love me baby is too that's a little
different kind of love what is the
secret to happiness tell me right now
son tired no sugar is that why you're
trying to be happy no sugar that's
taking long naps all right what takes
Sunday we love you guys we totally do
I'm conditionally I love you all
we're headed to Hollywood to go to a
dinner right now yeah the reason I'm in
can I say this
the reason I'm in my suit is because we
took Princess hard to a fire site
earlier tonight it was called it's great
to be eight cuz she's about to be
baptized so we went to this fireside and
so I'm all dressed up in the suit
filling your unconditional love right
now that's all right we love you we will
see you guys win when are we gonna see
these guys next sure why are we gonna
see them tomorrow that's your life you
better like it we'll see you guys
tomorrow
