hello it is 4:30 I am here in Los
Angeles International Airport about to
take off on my destination this trip is
gonna be epic the early morning
travelers hustle and bustle to make it
to their flight I need to see more
hustle and bustle than that
yeah dog that's Rob saying that's the
real hustle to muffled air here's what
we're talking about one of these small
prop planes we're going into a very
remote location and not very many people
are gonna be on this flight one seat on
each side I'm gonna take this three
seater back here and check out this tube
of aviation
wheeze on it based on this 2008 groom
it's not bad that tiny plane
in another life I was the beautiful sky
and my world the perfect circle of sun
sand and water and I was happy there
tranquility was in the air until the Sun
began to drift and it started turning
what an unthinkable sinner
like he was a hurricane he tried to
swallow me to his raging angry see the
little tip you know the power of the
infinite
is not there anymore
it's great right thanks beautiful - oh
here we are
there's snow I didn't realise there's
gonna be snow
hey you guys so I've had a very crazy
morning so far let me give you a quick
recap because I've gotta hurry and get
the kids rockhard woke up because I was
still goopy so I took him to the doctor
he does have pinkeye and I did film it
but guess what when oh then we drove
home and he puked all over in the car
and I thought he was fine because he was
feeling much better so I thought his flu
part was gone and he just had pink eye
but no puked everywhere in the car again
which I still haven't cleaned up the
first car seat that he finished I have
it all the parts they've all been
cleaned but I haven't put it back to
back it up cuz what happens when I tried
to tell story really fast I took it
apart cleaned all the parts but I
haven't put it back together again so I
was using another car seat he puked in
that one so I'm on car seat number three
it's one of the girls car seats but we
are in a hurry rush we got to get to
make her we gotta get the girls pick him
up from school take him to make her
first shoot 4k leave and take the
calendars to make her which Shane I
signed last night like five hundred
calendars look if you guys didn't watch
our podcast of course you watch the
podcast why wouldn't you have watched
the pot I mean of course you watch the
podcast right you watch the pot you
didn't watch the watch the podcast Shay
said that every calendar ordered from
Friday 18th through the end of January
we will sign me and Shay will signs so
I've got a calendar sign but I got to
get them to maker Rodeo Kate so they can
send them and it's a crazy busy day and
there's puke all over my car okay just
part of me a mom that's what we do it so
headed to get the kids right now
I miss Shay already my house is totally
trashed look at this I know this laundry
was from yesterday I still haven't had a
chance to put it away
we'll get there nice all in good time
it's one of those things and as a mom
you beat yourself over the head with it
all day long but you know what it's okay
just breathe
all right so here I am I just got my
hotel you guys want to see my hotel for
the next two days there it is
good old Chrysler Town and Country
that's right I'm gonna be sleeping
inside this van so when I went and got
Sun tarde a pocketknife the other day I
bought a North Face sleeping bag that is
like rated for like zero degrees so I'm
gonna be sleeping in that brand-new
sleeping bag in this rental car all
right so here's my accommodations
basically I got the minivan so I could
lay all the seats down and I'm just
gonna be sleeping right inside this baby
plus I haven't slept in 24 hours I
didn't go to bed at all last night
because I was up editing the vlog and
then my flight from LAX was at 6:00 a.m.
so I did be there at 4 a.m. so I just
stayed up all night anyways and uploaded
the vlog and put her on private and I
put it public once I got to the airport
yes life Oh No I'm sorry you guys had to
go through that tragic fall so I'm just
chilling in my hotel room waiting for
the team to get here they're gonna drive
down from Salt Lake I'm gonna get here
later tonight and then we're gonna spend
the night at the location and then we
start filming tomorrow morning and it is
gonna be a sight man I cannot wait to
see how this video comes out it's gonna
be really cool oh and I'm filming this
on a new camera because when I came home
and gave rock chart a bath I was bent
over washing his hair and my camera fell
out of my pocket into the tub I grabbed
it immediately like as soon as it fell I
was like ah grabbed it I like did my
best to get all the water out of it and
it's in a bag of rice but it wouldn't
turn on so but luckily I had this one on
hand which is funny because I ran
upstairs to get the new camera and I had
two of them and it looked like Shay had
opened the other one this morning and
took it with him on his trip so I'm like
we got new cameras it's a crazy day our
pets heads are falling off and we're
gonna make it through and of course to
top things up I have to wake you up to
take him
is just disgusting what is this crap I
can't believe that to deal with this
ridiculousness I mean come on give me a
look at this stupid ah that is just God
yuck yuck that that's just nasty
thumbnail I definitely brought the wrong
shoes I got these like mesh New Balance
running shoes that I am wearing and my
feet are freezing so I'm gonna run it
maybe get some new shoes because we're
gonna be walking around this snow I
didn't think there would be snow I had
no idea that there would be snow here
and it's like zero degrees I knew it'd
be cold I just had no idea there would
be snow so I'm gonna go get some water
some fruits like nuts and seeds and
stuff that I could nibble on for the
next 48 hours and probably some new
shoes phone in a small town yeah I can
breathe in a small town
the small town the words so this is a
small town it's so crazy driving through
this little town and seeing all these
little mom-and-pop stores and it reminds
me of where I grew up really but uh this
is so cool I'm excited it's more like
that this is pure bliss you're taking
versus the savings listen to my buddy
Dave Ramsey got me a big salad for lunch
got me some groceries and now I'm just
gonna chill well yeah probably
let's see yeah probably one of the
coolest places I've ever been
yeah this is amazing I wish you could
all be here
you're kind of here via internet video
check out this view I'm on some sort of
expansion bridge and the Sun is setting
on the red rocks right below is a frozen
river and it's red and beautiful and
expansive and gorgeous and majestic and
every adjective I could pick up it must
be a river check that crack out there's
like a big crack oh look it's frozen up
until there it's running right there god
this is gorgeous this is amazing so
apparently this is a bridge that is the
beginning of a bike slash running path
and at the very beginning of it it shows
like the miles and you can go 27 miles
down this path I have climbed up on the
bridge to get a better look and to take
some Instagram pictures so go look at my
Instagram pictures that I'm taking I
love it out here that's so neat these
bolts and these bolts are really cool
they're like huge huge bolts just
holding this bridge this thing is just
like monstrous hello boo boo dude that
is sweet I am hanging off this bridge
Collette don't get mad at me I'm safe I
got a good grip hello in Canyon Inn
and you're losing my voice cuz I'm sick
boom boom boom boom boom bum puh puh puh
puh boom boom boom boom check out that
icy slushy river below wow this is so
neat this is gorgeous I got to bring my
family here go on bike rides we can rent
bikes and just cruise on around here
this is majestic alright so I'm
literally taking like 50 pictures hello
hello so I just climbed up the side of
this a little bit man I needed this I
really did just to kind of get away a
little bit and to be able to see this
just feels good to kind of like
disconnect a little bit even though I'm
like tweeting all these pictures but
just to see this man
all right well somebody's going better
well dude I'm here this is not a
playground girls come here it's a
running rampant in make we're here at
Kaylie's shoot hey she's gonna be doing
my girls hair not as excited as Braley
is they're gonna look so much prettier
than they usually look I'm just super
excited we all know the mommy car
doesn't view their girls hair let's just
count the vlogs where my girl's hair has
not been okay or maybe it would be
easier to count the ones over they have
but that's okay I'm super excited for
Kayleigh to Shh they're also doing the
live show for the platform today too
real vlogging right
okay so Devin's here you guys I cannot
wait for you to see this video how long
until it comes out hopefully two to
three weeks no longer than three weeks
worst case in it I want to see it is
three hours free actually just watch the
clips with you did you really we just
show them I almost want to hold on
awesome toes showing yeah and I have a
bunch of behind-the-scenes footage so in
the video the actual video goes up I
have a ton of the actual like what we
did I don't want to give anything away
but it is amazing go subscribe to Devin
if you want to see some epic videos it's
like whoa these are the kind of videos
that like you see like your grandma
passes around Facebook you see this guy
he's an amazing cinematographer and he
makes really channel these things you
guys watch yes later you'll see like I
almost like I wasn't crying but like one
of the coolest experiences ever you'll
see what the video goes up it's awesome
okay thank you
alright missing accomplished hey not
tired do you want to say hi to Daddy hi
Daddy
I love you dad dad I miss you do you
want to tell them about your pink eye
pit I got pink eye dad who say dad you
are the best
yeah
but you're kind of a booger Rob hard
you're better not
he's being loyal to you Shane she won't
even go behind your back when I asked
him to that's because he loves his daddy
no you're not a bugger honey but what
you miss you we always miss you so much
when you're on and the house always gets
really messy when you're gone I don't
know why it's really bad but we got the
calendars for those of you who didn't
hear we're signing all the calendars
until January and I just brought them
back to make our all signed a beautiful
pretty and mines and pink and shades is
in blue and it is perfect so if you want
to sign a calendar you better order one
right now oh are you iron men the man in
the iron mask do do I love you little
man
where's your brothers and sisters oh
that's a great hat it's at like Johnny
Appleseed Rock turn Appleseed oh yeah
you find all the fun kitchen utensils
and just figure out what you can do it
I'll build it you'll be protected your
hair will be protected from I don't know
I don't know what it will be two things
them okay I need you here to be funny
it's not working babe you're hilarious
I'm going out right you may or may not
be aware of this but I do absolutely
have the very best wife there is I love
you forever baby so we just got done
filming all day long we're at a very
remote location with absolutely no
internet or cell phone service so I'm
just getting back to the hotel room and
editing this it was so cold in my van
last night that I decided to rent a
hotel and for 49 bucks the Ramada Inn
has a warm bed and a toilet and it's a
lot nicer than pooping on a sage brush
at 4:00 in the morning at 1:00 degrees
I'm just saying guys so I got to wake up
tomorrow morning at 7 a.m. and fly back
to California and helped mom eat hard
clean up some vomit
thank you guys so much for supporting us
and donating over $35,000 to the
IndieGoGo campaign to make this I'm
vlogging here docume
you'll never know how much it means to
me for all your positive words and
support we really appreciate it guys
I've been on the phone with Cory and we
have huge plans he's already getting
things lined up to start filming the 1st
of March and we want to add some more
perks to the campaign so if you guys
have any ideas leave them in the
comments below and we'll add them
okey-dokey
thanks for watching I'll see you suckers
tomorrow
