okay baby tard we're rolling are you
ready
say hi hi what else do you want to say I
miss you daddy I love you daddy
hey what about your mom I love your mom
okay good hmm
that sucks by the way guys that's a pile
of socks it looks a lot better than the
other pile that was right here right
don't look at the carpet seriously
soldiers we need to get the carpet clean
I know you know what most of that is
it's like watermelon drops because I try
to contain the kids like stay in the
kitchen eat your water moan the kitchen
and they walk all over the house and eat
the watermelon and then brought charts
bills and stuff and then it's just
sticks and it's like blah white
carpeting kids do not mix even if you
don't have a job it was just doesn't mix
what sir has a thought are that pizza oh
he wants to show you this is what we're
having tonight I ordered way too much I
was like okay well everybody wants to be
happy so we got to get cheese we gotta
get pepperoni we got a Canadian bacon
pineapple because that's my favorite and
we got to get the cinnamon sticks but
then some of us really like breadsticks
too so I kind of went overboard a little
bit but it's Friday night so let's say a
ton and so when I Miss J I eat that's
not a good thing
what are you trying to get attention oh
you guys if you're gonna do that you got
to sing a song with it to em kids are
all delirious cuz we got pizza and mom
never orders pizza anymore shake it so
we've had sick kids today princes tart
it's still sick she has a fever and
she's puking today so that is not very
fun we've had a entire week of the Black
Plague at our house haven't we guys are
you guys in concurrence with what I'm
talking about
ah yes yes princess hard we love you I
want to send love from these guys to you
because I know that they're going to in
the comments they're going to wish you
love and they're going to hope that you
get better really soon and so love
hearts give me the other half of the
heart love and hearts from all these
people that are watching right guys yeah
all right Rob chard is still sleeping -
he's a little bit faster but he hasn't
may have been a mistake we may have
created a monster just then but anyways
Shay is still on his shoe he's gone and
I cannot get ahold of him I haven't been
able to get ahold of him all day and I
didn't talk to him yesterday about his
plans for today for the vlog and I was
like oh crap I don't know what we're
doing today for some vlog so here's a
one-take from the shade hearts that are
still at home I hope she's okay I
haven't talked to him at all and I love
you to death babe I all I know is that
he had to sleep out in the cold last
night like zero degree weather no not
out he was in his car but still that's
freezing right freezing freezing so I
hope he's still alive I don't know babe
I love you I hope I see you soon
and all of you guys au revoir from the
Shaytards residence
we are also puking and we have pinkeye
but we're happy and we're eating pizza
so that's all that matters right
right baby chard yeah and I'm doing
stray got to eat pizza at school they
did lucky George I'm miss else's class
at our school they got pizza
they did jelly jelly when I was going to
get
by my watch you're so cute sound hard do
you want to tell him about what happened
today I your school remember the card
remember oh oh
okay go get it son Todd was really
excited today because of a reason that
he's going to tell you in just a minute
and it's one of those things that I'm
like Oh exciting like as a mom like oh I
don't really get it at all but that's
cool I'm really excited for you okay
hurry are you ready
it's very special this ladies has been
really in what this is baby tard cam she
needs some attention cuz her dad's not
here and he's not here to tickler
are you ready dude come on we want to
see it the intense moments are here hi
how are you I love you I'm so sorry that
you're sick but you said the sweetest
thing today to me thank you so much do
you know do you guys want to know what
she said
I was cleaning the house and she was mom
I'm so lucky to have a mom that takes
care of me when I'm sick I'm gonna cry
just telling you and it cleans the house
for me and gets me drink of water and
buys me a box I got these little rubber
balls that I bought for them anyways and
it was just something that she said
thank you and I think that I don't
always I don't always realize when my
kids are thankful because a lot of times
kids don't say it but I don't really
look for them to be thankful but when
they are it really really touches my
heart so thank you so much for incest
anyways are you ready son pardon oh
sorry oh I'm just gonna have to tell
them because you're holding up I'm ready
okay ready
guess what I got are you French
you got a Kobe Bryant sign
hallo oh okay I'll do it so it's right
what did you trade to get this branded
ultras I'm Brandon white ultra signed
who Brandon Roy old Roy
okay I'm like who's Brandon white I
don't know I don't even know who Brandon
Roy is so is Colby better than Brandon
white or Roy you know man
yes I'm sorry I don't know my basketball
characters it's better so but this one's
not ultra sign it's just signed what
makes it an ultra show us so much Kobe
Kobe come to my camera oh you so sparkly
and shiny looks so pretty and ultra
signed it has to be signed and then
background it's really shiny really
shiny cool well I wish I had a shaycarl
ultra signed huh and one of those
anyways we better go ultra signs is when
it's signed in the sweetness a backer
oh nice you winning pizza okay you say
signing out from the Shaytards residence
no that's no what I asked you to say say
signing out from the Shaytards residence
my son you know I'm the sweet talk Rosa
dude yeah yeah all right baby jarred
signing out
