do you think you're going on hey little
boy where do you think you're going
gee willikers you know I've just decided
to spend the day at the spa today I'm
gonna get a foot scrub and a back
massage and that nose of my lounge about
by the pool if I decide we'll just see
you know
well I'm jealous I wish I won't got
woken up like that oh hey are you a
masseuse work those bunions down there a
little bit Helga Oh Helga oh my god Oh
today is a day where it is sick at I
don't know he doesn't have sickness I'm
glad you guys woke me up because I was
just having a dream about the dentist
hello and he was asking me if I use a
pacifier
that's a fire oh no oh nice Oh Alan
tanner
I don't know it's time to come clean I
suck with them tell him your secret
addictions pacifier dream you do have
any dreams I don't have any dreams in a
few days
oh wow that means you're sleeping really
good huh I hope I had any I didn't had
dream you here's our off card um
yesterday no two times threw up it's
very also Stinky's but it's time to go
to school let's go yeah that's right
well I have three kids staying home sick
today do they look sick to you oh this
one's hurting - Bella the vampire
you guys don't look very sick today
roxrite threw up twice last night baby
tart and princess TARDIS had really big
knots not running noses and cops but
they don't seem very sick today we're
missing school to run around like
vampires I'm not sure how I feel about
that in their defense they didn't sleep
in all morning and they've been laying
around so hopefully they rested up and
the sickness is gone now we can just in
rejoice in the fact that they're
vampires instead of half full
you did what can't you solve you stayed
up yeah shake him out to sleep on the
couch the kids know when they're sick
that we let them sleep on the couch but
prison star took advantage of it last
night and stayed up and watch TV with
daddy I'm not so sure that's how we get
better I remember that as a kid being
sick and just wanting to lay on the
couch instead of my bed I don't know why
it was more comforting to lay on the
couch rather than my bed but it was and
it always helped and it worked for my
kids too they're better and they're
vampires
you'll Doug pass that ball bro hey bro
pass the ball okay watch this ready it's
gonna come across the dashboard and you
have to catch it on that other side you
ready you ready está lista está listo
we go get it nice grab my friend six
points to you here goes the extra point
it come to the uprights oh yeah I got it
five oh I missed it - three points for
Downey tart and got a firm handshake
young man but nice handshake all right
we're headed to make her studios because
we're gonna go pick up some calendars we
are gonna sign as many calendars as we
can I said this in the podcast it's
coming up on Friday the 2013 Shh our
calendars are only gonna be available
till the end of this month and then
they're gonna go off line forever so if
you still want to get a Shaytards
calendar you can get one until the end
of January me and Colette are gonna sign
every single one of them son tard will
sign seventeen of them
do you like signing the calendars it's
fun huh
do you know that I'm leaving tomorrow at
6:00 a.m. you haven't heard yet no I
can't tell the secret I can tell you I
just can't tell these guys I'm going
somewhere to do something crazy but I
tell because it's a video and somebody's
making and I can't share it yet because
it's top secret tomorrow I'm getting on
an airplane and going to a small remote
place right on the border of Colorado
and Utah to shoot a video that Collette
quite frankly told me that she doesn't
want me to do but I trust and the people
that are producing this this creation
and when you guys see this I don't even
know if I'm gonna dare do the thing that
I'm flying to go to do because it's so
insane it's safe it's just it's it's big
it's I can't tell you and I you know
that I hate when I'm like I'm doing this
thing but I can't tell you what it is
yet but I'm leaving tomorrow at 6 a.m.
I'll be back Saturday afternoon so I'm
just going for like two days but I did
not want to pass up this opportunity to
go do this thing that I'm gonna go do I
wish I could tell you check that out
dude what do you think I'm gonna go do
something similar to that but not
exactly like that what do you think Alex
fun
it's just daddy it's gonna be insane man
like fun look at your face don't show
don't show it's secret we have a lucky
duck what are you gonna lucky duck quack
quack
like crazy well yes they did we have one
still alive do you like your lunch we
had chicken noodle soup I made these
they're celery with raisins and peanut
butter
we call them ants on a log and I
remember when I was in 4h when I was
like I don't know ten years old and they
dance on a log for my 4-h project so
complicated I know and then cheese and
crackers yay yeah and the other two I
just left there's over here because
they're sleeping the vampire is all
tuckered them out I guess oh my goodness
that is a mountainous load of laundry ah
better have fun wrinkling all the
clothes before I fold them up go for it
why did you set the car seat out of the
way he did but the reason why it's in
this pile is because I created it yay
I'm a good mom okay one more that's it
one yeah two last one so I've noticed
that my my contact started getting like
weird and fuzzy they do that sometimes
if they're old or if I've slept like
took in a nap and I hope I'm not getting
pinkeye I had to take them out and put
my glasses on so I'm like oh please tell
me I'm not getting pinkeye but they
don't hurt and they're not colored peach
so I think that I'm okay oh but pray for
me okay I don't want pink guy but I'm
pretty sure rock trout has it all right
so here at Sports Chalet to get Sun
tarde a new pocket knife because he lost
his at the Clippers game hey to Italy
why they throw it away cuz I brought it
cuz they don't like
okay are you think you think you'll
bring a pocketknife to public places
anymore
probably not I felt bad because I didn't
tell him what we they saw him like not
the air for basketball game yeah
definitely not the airport for bucks
well game I never taught him that I
didn't know that he had his knife in his
pocket so I'm gonna we're gonna get him
a new one because he's missed his it's
hard is that your umbrella hideout
show us your umbrella hideout I love it
it's like a little baby tard pod you're
just a little girl in a pod
what you doin Brock tard do you have
pinkeye can I see your eyes hmm look at
me do you guys think he has pinkeye his
eyes were goopy and now they're just
kind of like red irritated pretty sure
that's what it is we might have to thing
I'm gonna do opt out what are you doing
and we're really tight cuz yesterday we
went to go get it and we stayed up until
12:30 oh my goodness that's super late I
don't see you're going to sleep oh you
have a pillage for a blanket oh no it's
12 o'clock it's new so new 12 o'clock
higher Oh so you stayed up all night
until noon the next day
that's super late yes and we're watching
tangled because tangled makes me happy
it's
cute and it makes me happy and look I've
made headway with the folding of the
laundry and for dinner we're making
quinoa I've got the vegetables out I'm
cutting up we've got green peppers red
pepper cilantro
I've got tomatoes in there and limes and
you know all this stuff this is the sign
for stuff lots of stuff here for the
quinoa and then we have the chemo right
here cooking it looks like it's almost
ready take a good look before you get
foggy
there it is all right I'm gonna go cut
up the vegetables so it'll be ready by
the time the quinoa is ready okay pounds
I know this tool
don't touch the band though it's super
hot don't touch it though it's hot it's
good huh cooking is always fun
experiment are you dancing with your
pocket knife weirdo hahahaha I love you
that's a weird pocket knife dance so
you're gonna keep track of that one yes
I'm gonna keep this for till I die and
then why I become father I passed on to
my first stunt then he's gonna pass it
on to his son and he's gonna pass on to
his son and he's gonna fess up to his
son then he's gonna press it on to his
son it's gonna be a generation a
generational knife all right man sounds
good I think I need a sleeping bag
actually for this little journey I'm
going on I'm trying to figure out what
the best one is where it is right now
the guy that I was talking to said it's
gonna be like zero degrees here's a says
5 degree bag sleeping bags can be
expensive it's just like a bag you sleep
in but there's some down here they're
like 500 bucks I would say that these
are some of the moments that I enjoy
most about being a mom because I
remember them as a kid I remember my mom
in the kitchen cooking I remember
playing with my sister watching a movie
kind of in the background one of my
favorite ones like Beauty and the Beast
or Snow White or Cinderella or one of
those just feeling that family miss you
know that's what I think is most
important about being a mom is creating
these moments for my kids and it's just
simple I'm doing my work they're playing
they're having fun we're all in good
moods I feel like that's a success as a
mom I think sometimes we've put so much
stress on ourselves as mom so
like a perfect clean house perfect
kitchen perfect dinner everything has to
be perfect we have to parent perfectly
and it doesn't happen that way and I
think that's the beauty of it is just
letting things happen and having a good
attitude through it and and you create
those moments for your kids anyway I'm
having a happy moment I just thought I'd
share with you guys quinoa quinoa mr.
keen wall stir that up daddy daddy hey
buddy
I think that's spring it's dude and
buddy becomes daddy good job look at you
chopping that vegetable deliciousness up
don't get your eyeballs in it oh yeah
keep the pink eye away from our dinner
sir hey I bought some chard a new
pocketknife is that cool with you what
yeah what is up with you looking so cute
and sassy yeah I just want to make sweet
sweet kisses on your cheek to you goofy
laugh alright Centauri come here this my
boy is the very first pocketknife kind
of other than the one that you got taken
away from you at the Los Angeles
duplicate this is a tool that can be
used as a weapon it can be used for good
and it can be used for bad there's a
million different rules I can give you
about this thing the spirit of the rule
is I don't want you or any of these
little kids to get hurt okay so you know
needless to say I don't want him to play
with it I want it out of the girls hands
it is your responsibility to keep this
in a safe place at all times okay now I
could write a list like I said of ten
different rules making sure that you're
gonna do it but the point of all those
rules is that nobody gets hurt with this
but you know what the number-one rule is
don't try to sneak it into a basketball
game to farted nah this one this one
okay so open that baby up let's see it
I'm excited that's irony for you can't
open their knife because you need a
knife and you don't have a knife because
you're nice wrap please I have to open
the knife but try this team wall okay
think about your scissors
you borrow your scissors please so seems
I'm already coming in handy
skitters this get scissors on this baby
oh wait okay found it check these out
I'm gonna open these chips up and I'm
gonna have Neil a delicious quinoa these
scissors are very handy actually and get
in a tight space gets cuticles you
become or something then I don't know if
you go after you take your chip and you
dip it in the quinoa delicious taste
this flavor like this mmm mmm oh no I
got something stuck in my tooth I guess
I'll just use this toothpick Oh Devon
should probably wash it too first you
use your dudes bag how you feel about
that Center here bro sorry I didn't had
to break it in for you do you like it
yeah that's good that's really good I
was waiting to hear that oh hey this is
so good
sorry I couldn't talk because it was so
delicious
that's right sided calendars there's
only 15 days left and then these will go
off sale forever so if you order a
Shaytards 2013 calendar between now and
the end of the month it will be assigned
and Colette's gonna come in here inside
these as well oh I was watching my
signature not through the camera
I have loved seeing all of the twit pics
of all of you who have ordered calendars
on your wall you guys have sent me
pictures with your sisters your
brother's your family to see your faces
with the calendars is really cool and I
cannot get enough of those so every time
I get a Twitpic of another calendar it
makes me happy so these are the last
ones that we have what's January 30th
31st is up there will never be these
calendars be available again 15 days
left you get a side calendar every
single person who orders one from now
till the end of the month gets one sine
30 think you're going little boy where
do you think you're going
little boy do you think you're going hey
little boy where do you think you're
going I love rock party is like a look I
love her more down George
oh you think that's funny I meant to say
like I love him more than he loves him
oh but I love I'm like wait I'm good the
contest who loves rock turns over oh I
win now sundered said he's like a little
miniature version of Curious George that
tickle is article one - okay I'm gonna
throw you ready ready you're gonna spin
like a mofo and you know how mofos can
spin one - okay watch us actually watch
as I was doing this with him the other
day okay my flat pull your pants up you
lie flat put your arms to your side
Chargers I like this like this isn't
toast ray you ready here we go
oh wow yes you kept his arms aside okay
come lay down here Rock chart come my
hair totally straight right here right
here straight legs straight legs arms
this side arms to the side oh boy house
lay flat it's like too much work
come on later here there air joint going
on a helicopter ride gotta get on the
launching pad okay
lie straight put your arms you say one
leg straight like straight straight up
button dad again okay with first I'm
going
lucky charm fell into the arms of a
Flyway Flyway plane the sunrise is fell
into the eyes of a wide awake wide awake
man
things changing people go away but I'm
here I'm here stay cuz where you are
where I'm safe where you are where I
feel awake and where you are is where I
wanna stay
