I'm playing a game where I'm just moving
into my new house I do go grocery
shopping why I was trying to move out of
my life yeah I'm not I playing a game we
were trying to grow up you're like
always going to Paris by yourself
growing up moving to your own house and
drunk herbs that you're headed to the
DMV to renew your license right now all
right so we didn't do a hill run this
morning it got late then we thought we'd
wait till sunset but then but it's like
we wanted to go to the movies so then we
said we have to do it right now when
it's a hundred wonder girl
hey guys all right today is a very
special day Thaxton Ron tell us why
today's a special day
you know why today's a special day what
are we gonna do hey we're not buying dog
food nope that's how I'm doing what are
we doing for you say we're gonna party
train
you getting a potty train is like things
like what's a potty train again oh it's
rolling your stuff everywhere so we're
getting a body train today which means
we're getting a toilet seat headed
towards potty I have to you want a potty
train - well we did that and it was
excruciating and I'm glad it's over with
do you need a refresher
these are weirdos anyways through potty
training the worst experiences happen
during potty training time guys alaniso
I'm really Garin my socks mostly here
this is a game it's an it's a mental
game plug chain ok potty training pants
face we already did that and it was hard
Carrie it was a reverse skating and now
we're doing it again with him
with the braid it is there may be a
bridge of his hair because we are so
messy right now you know that you remind
me of yeah you remind me of I love
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory no you
have to stay buckled up yeah he's at
that age
all righty here's my very first time
filling my car up with energy for free
no thanks to these guys but thanks to
these guys I'm just gonna get some
energy here and it doesn't cost me
anything okay I don't how do I do this
oh okay okay okay I get it
do you we're charging look at that if
you like hold it then it changes a color
and then you push it in super charger
dude how great is this all right so this
is a Tesla Model X it is my dream car I
have wanted this car for almost a year I
have been waiting for it for about eight
months
I ordered it I designed it all the way
up into like this woodgrain yeah I chose
the white leather seats anyways we're
charging supercharged you know it says
it right here check it out this is it
you guys but we have decided to give
this car away in an auction to help
build a hospital in Ethiopia I'll tell
you more about that later I'm going to
Los Angeles very soon for a meeting
about it but right now we're chuck
'chuck charging it up it's so cool oh
look there's even a cord thanks Elon
Musk free energy doesn't cost them
anything I just pulled up here plugged
in and I'm charging my car - look at
that that is so cool okay Daxton gonna
pick one maker all these choices
there's no spider-man sorry about that
that's right okay you want the Pirates
yay you know I would do a little pilot
but I don't like having to like clean up
a little toilet I like to be able to
just flush it that weird is that TMI for
you guys yeah it's kind of weird so
we're just gonna get one of the covers
seat covers what do you think Jax what
do you think yeah you excited I'm not
really sure you know what's happening
yeah yeah what you just hit them I told
you what is going on with this hair day
what's that it's gonna look a
accessories kinda I got an estate trying
to do a crimping thing okay so like your
perm is in right now yes so we're just
catching you with your curlers in I'm
playing a game where I'm just moving
into a new house side to go grocery
shopping why always trying to move out
of my life yeah I'm not I playing a game
we were trying to grow up you're like
always going to Paris by yourself
growing up moving to your own house to
grow sperms lectures headed to the DMV
to renew your license right now right
look she just picked up groceries it
looks like - okay guys Shea said I
shouldn't blog this cuz he's pretty sure
he's gonna get beat up this time oh wow
not nice get a Gavin get him Gavin's
getting bigger you guys starting
football soon he's taller almost taller
than me his foot grow this past month
both of them actually been starting
school this year which I'm going to a
new school yeah you're starting school
that's gonna be exciting no rush to
dessert the circus circus school Circus
was re-insert posole circus
we didn't tell you that yeah in the
circus
we sold you to the circus we always told
you we would open do the Rings fly on
the trapeze jump through fire you guys
sounds sweaty
well don't hit your head on anything
okay your ruff and tumblers sceetos what
can you say you're supposed to eat those
were to get those yes mom feels weird
oh hey speaking of wrestling Gavin huh
how crazy is that that was just randomly
sitting right there hey you guys go
watch this video we made a very serious
professional wrestling video with bas
Rutten another go check it out that's
funny your Inlet isn't broken yeah
you're in it dude you're in the video
you remember this video remember this
okay let's go watch it all right Gavin
can you find it yeah Brock have you seen
this video do you remember something
like that all right
you remember this Brock but that's the
guy right there that's funny man that
was a fun video to make
Oh
remember that Brock who painted your
fingernails
Emmy she's trouble
try these delicious cookie
like that here funny
you
Oh
can you say
that was you liked that video brog do
that was such a cool video to make
that's cool huh we should do another one
of those I'm vlogging you I this part of
the lawn is dry we need to drink of
water it's thirsty did you say that
Daxton is the grass sir are you thirsty
are you growing no great hey I can see a
rainbow when you do that on the camera
do you see that rainbow here right now
cool huh
see that's a message to you people even
when things look dry and please there's
always a rainbow rainbow hidden just
beneath this surprise we haven't gotten
a drop on the camera yet cuz I felt a
couple well I thought the to my feet
have been squirted these ones these beat
hey gab Gavin he will relish any chance
to get wet
hey okay guys we're not going anywhere
well I just feel this right over the
face yeah to face sprayer okay hey we're
doing a hill run it's hot over a hundred
degrees Fahrenheit if you want no one
say how hot it is Daxton haha did you
hear that belch here buddy
everybody's thirsty cuz it's so hot
you're sick
yeah not sick Harry help but Hira the
corn eaten cat is following us what's up
buddy here hold onto it tight okay there
we go alright so we didn't do a hill run
this morning it got late and then we
thought we'd wait till sunset but then
we decided we wanted to go to the movies
so then we said we have to do it right
now when it's 101 degrees
Jackson sit up you crazy monster no pull
your shirt no Thank You Brock you know
what this reminds me of a thing that
DeStorm once told me that if you work
out but if you work out in the very heat
of the day it's gonna make you stronger
right if every was like it's too hard to
work out but you're the one that goes
out and sweat in the heat and grinds it
out that's a win but not many people can
say that they get so if you didn't go
out and grind it out in the hundred
degree heat today you get an L son
alright you want to run doc yeah there
you go
run everybody wants to drink it's so hot
talking about grinding it out these poor
kids are like I'm thirsty
alright big drink that's a big ice-cold
water jug for debate babe oh I say yummy
you want a drink
rock come get it here you go thirsty
alright my shoulders for a minute
alright get on I'm on my way there we go
yeah
he'll run he'll run in shoes that is uh
soccer cleats I try to talk about it
yeah beat Brooks it goes Daxton catch
Jackson you guys better run there's
cousin Tyler hi you guys listen to this
listen to Daxton what
why'd you say oh sorry slave try for
geez okay I'm going go go go
that's boy four more years he'll be at
the Olympics as a six year old
alright let's cool down to a crisp 93 93
Fahrenheit I like you can see it I can
see me what teleportation teleportation
on it I'm gonna get too hot I have never
seen a cat pants before they zoom in oh
yeah totally panting you ever seen a cat
pant you need some water to his unwashed
so hot just panting oh here I'll carry
yeah yeah thought you could follow us up
the hill us to walk manslaughter it is
really hot you gotta bring water dude
you got to have your water pack be nice
yep he is hot all three legs is hanging
in Bronx you're doing a good job let me
carry you too
he's always panting struggling he always
comes with as though he's like I can do
it I swear guys you're a tough dog he
Bronte you can do it we're almost there
baby in the weeds hi buddy
not me to carry in now but he's like
wait I was being carried you're so
awesome babe you got it we'll get some
water let's go down to the waterfall huh
nothing better than drinking out of a
waterfall he wants a ride he's still
Patton thirsty so thirsty
aha
who's thirsty just take your whole mouth
in there Bronx so there see see I was a
good run my friend Bronx oh good oh yeah
get a drink get a drink is satisfying oh
the dog days is summer I tell you I tell
you what a dog days of summer is pretty
hard out here the dog days of summer can
be lonely not dry welcome to the
Shaytards and sleight happy Saturday -
you know Shaytards rewind today figured
we'd give you a regular vlog since uh we
missed a few the beginning up four week
of oh boy Soph hundred-person sorry
about that oh oh um insulates you know
how these work is there anybody who does
not know how the insulate works would
you please raise your hand right now if
you're listening to this and you're like
what's this what am i listening to where
am I at
as am i raising your hand okay so this
is a clickable screen if you're on a
desktop computer question tech people
out there people who know how to program
why can't they do annotations on mobile
devices phones iPads huh what's up with
that if you're on a desktop computer you
can click on the screen is what I'm
trying to say if you're on your phone or
iPad you cannot click on the screen to
go see what the Shaytards have been
doing every single day for the last
eight years that's what those numbers
are
yeah see Mike you kids that put a number
by their face you can see like what was
the Shaytards family this this crazy
family I just found on the internet what
were they doing exactly one year ago
today I wonder if their kids looked
younger hmm let me do some investigation
let me click on that number one that'll
take you back to one year ago exactly on
this date now if you're not on a desktop
and you are on a mobile device which my
analytics tell me that about 60 percent
of you are oh boy what
happen to getting on computers I guess
none of your doing that these days you
can go in the video description see
where it says show more click down drop
down there's a menu you can do like
video description beneath the video can
you click on that on your phone there
will be those 8 video links right there
did we need this long of a insulate man
this video is part 3 hours long ok I
gotta go
where's the button I gotta push there it
as I see it I'm gonna hit it with my
thumb see you guys soon tomorrow yeah
there's gonna be a Shaytards rewind
tomorrow so be looking forward to that
cake love you bye
