hi I'm logging here poor little baby tar
baby tribe woke up last night around
5:30 and threw up that is no fun
I can't decide if she has the flu or if
it was just a fluke thing it's happened
before like a couple days ago like four
days ago I think it's weird that if she
got the flu four days ago that she would
be fine for three days and then have it
again I don't know I don't know what's
going on she's home sick today I have a
shoot
I'm going to go shoot with Carly and
Kaylee I think it's for Carly's channel
I don't really know very much more
details than that so go check that out
when it's up I'll let you know what
we're doing and Cecily is here hi you
went to you want to tell your mom what
we're doing what are you doing what you
making what do you make a quiche except
no no not with the cameras are you
making soup Amy you know so I guess I
see didn't I love make sure that's what
we're doing coming in that hard breaking
it with honey you need to have honey and
cloves in chicken noodle soup I don't
know if you knew this this is the this
is the recipe well it sounds very like
soothing sounds like a soothing recipe
almost soothing foods she did try
important sprinkles in there but I I was
good job good job little chef I love you
fiddle chef anne meagher cinta you're
making it yes it's hot so be careful
okay laughter you say bye mom I have to
tell you baby heard was so excited
because yesterday Prince's turn got to
stay home from school and Cecily was
babysitting and she was so sad that she
didn't get to stay home and so now maybe
that's how she drew up she knew if I
throw up I understand the school and
says Lee gets to watch me she's so smart
okay gets spend time with me so if
you'll just spend some time throwing up
today then you'll get to spend time
hahahaha and she'll make you chicken
noodle soup with honey chia seeds and
close oh boy it's a big morning today
I'm so excited we just launched the
IndieGoGo campaign for I'm vlogging here
what I'm blogging here you might ask it
is a 90 minute feature-length
documentary this is an idea that I've
been talking about for about a year and
finally we pulled the trigger on it and
we started our fundraising today so
excited I just got off the phone with my
very first associate producer Jackson
Harris he donated $2,500 to the making
of this film
and thus becoming an associate producer
on the project and basically just a
really good friend so nice to have
people like that to support you and
everything you do and just kind of like
give back and I really appreciate
Jackson he's coming out here this
weekend to talk to my dad go pick out a
white dress it's a love story baby just
say yes beautiful Taylor Swift in the
making your hair looks like Taylor Swift
you know in yesterday's vlog when I was
editing I was watching you on the top of
the rope swing when you're gymnastics I
was impressed by how long your hair is
that is really cool I love how long it
is you started be like rapunzel Rapunzel
what happened to your scooter bro that
your peg leg I was trying to uh it was
like facing off of this right here
so what are you using it for it now like
a crutch no I'm racing Darrell and my
successors won't let me go on my feet
cuz they're so mean - that is mean
sometimes I guess I thought so I have to
come on this side don't fall so why
won't your sisters let you go on your
feet just because they want to be mean
to me she's so mean princess tard I mean
what's your name baby tard you're not
one of those meansis stepsisters are you
good son tard tell me what you learned
in school today daily update Oh tell me
what more what you learned about Martin
Luther King you shouldn't fight what
fists you should fight through words he
said if people
um somebody hates you really bad you
should love them I'm back and we learned
about Martin Luther King and some other
black people they were marching it was a
whole movement about people thinking
that you know we're all Heavenly
Father's children that we're all a bunch
of you know just a family we're all
brothers and sisters here on this earth
and there we should be no you know
segregation against other people just
because they're different that's what it
was all about is about being different
you know different color skin different
nationality different heritage different
lineage we're all humans were all you
know like we believe our Heavenly
Father's children and so um one day
Rosetta Parkes she was really tired so
she went and sat in the front of the bus
somebody tried to make her sit in the
back of the bus huh but she said no so
then she got arrested and that's what
made other people mad so they marched
for a whole year and didn't ride the bus
and that kind of bullcrap that somebody
would try to make somebody else move to
the back of the bus mm-hmm that's kind
of bullcrap if you ask me you know it's
funny when I was a kid and I heard that
story I thought why didn't she want to
write on the back of the bus the back of
the bus is where all the cool kids sit
cuz when I wrote on the bus if you were
one of the cool kids you had to sit in
the back of the bus because that way we
could be back there and the bus driver
would see us and sometimes jump out of
the emergency exit out of the back of
the bus I was like my initial reaction
the first time I ever heard that story
because as a kid I always wanted to sit
at the back of the bus so when I heard
that she didn't want on the back of the
bus is like why that's where the cool
kids hang out if I was Rosetta Parks I
would have wanted to go to the back of
the bus but as a different situation
well because she was really tired yeah
you don't have to like get all your bags
and like carry them all the back of the
bus it's just easier to get off and it's
first-come first-served that's how a bus
should work right amen brother
it's good lesson to learn any one
fraction fractions out I'll do you no
good in this life ha ha ha what are you
doing hey rock face me
power and this is a Cinderella she isn't
allowed to walk because her mean sister
are you one of those mean stepsisters
you won't let her get on her legs well
you have to walk on your crutch and I
feel really tall that's why that's why I
wanted to know the motivation behind the
feet listless walking is robbed tired
getting frustrated when he can't set up
his Tower he hasn't gotten frustrated
yet hey I love you
that is your toy all of this kingdom
belongs to you my friend
just don't tell your older brother whoa
dance party
whoop whoop let's see your moves
whoa dying Swan nice this year I flip my
hair back and forth
Christmas charts Oh doable grace I'm
rolling so we're here at Kaylie's house
we're gonna shoot for Carly's channel
come up in like February so you guys
stay tuned you're gonna see me a bride
oh my look I'm wearing one shoe because
we only made one but all I needed was a
stilt so that I could be on Carly's la
get on my level bra and I couldn't many
other ones are distance anyway so I'm
little behind the scenes for you is when
you see that video you can guess where I
have the shoe on mmm I'm gonna be funny
I can't show you Kayla I'll reveal the
key I'm sorry just gotta be serious no
kids must be in a real singing mood
today Sun tart check this out
Oh
Oh
what's up bro
we're just listening to you rock out oh
holy night it sounds good buddy rock
cards just picking his nose you finding
there buddy on your knees Oh
angel voices OH night job did well hey
guys that time a night when things are
winding down it's about like 10:30 at
night my house still looks like crap I
got laundry everywhere dishes still in
the sink dinner exactly still on the
table it was a hectic night Shay's at a
meeting and so I took the kids for the
last half of the night he washed him
while I was at a meeting and now he's at
a meeting so I watch him again and as
soon as I took him rocked hard puked
huge big time in the car
Oh hmm was one of those kind really okay
I gotta clean this up pull anyways and
we got home but I'm cleaned up to give
him a bath and all that stuff and he
does it again so I finally got him
cleaned up for the second time yes I
still have my rubber glove on I don't on
this hand though don't worry I'm not
getting germs on you guys whoa anyways
got him cleaned up he's a sweetheart
he's in bed now hopefully he's sleeping
soundly keep watching him but yeah one
of those weeks we got sick kids you got
to deal with it this is one of those
things times in life where as a mother I
shine I trained for this I'm up at 5:30
I'm pleadin up you come I'm up till
10:30 cleaning up puke we got this guys
we got it mm-hmm it's true she's a
professional puke cleaner-upper I love
her literally last night it was probably
midnight and baby tart started crying
and she came into the room I was doing
some work on the computer and she had an
earache
really bad and just a snot rocket coming
from her nose and she didn't feel good
so I told her she could sleep in bed
with us which is fightings you have a
king-size bed so should we just squeeze
her in the middle but then about 4:30
5:00 o'clock in the morning I hear this
la la and I wake up and right as I look
baby tart is throwing up right at my
face all over my pillow and it's like
everywhere all over the sheets and bless
mommy tards heart she got up gave baby
tarted bath and washed the sheets and I
was like you're such a good mom I love
you and
we're all just sick I want to say a very
special heartfelt thank you to the over
150 of you who have already donated to
our IndieGoGo campaign to make this I'm
vlogging here documentary I cannot wait
to send you guys the weekly updates and
let you know the 150 of you that have
donated you guys are going to get a
special inside look at the creation of
this project so I can't wait to start
some of those to you guys check out
yesterday's vlog and if you're feeling
lucky you know what to do
