I'm excited it's dinner time want to get
at the shades 626 Sun card and I are
going on a little run before we wake up
the rest of the kids for school
dude are you excited bro he's excited
because I'm excited so we're gonna go on
a run yeah let's go work it out I always
feel better when I get a workout in in
the morning before I do anything else
cuz it just wakes you up and it
refreshes you it's harder in the evening
like after school after work you're like
okay I'm gonna go to the gym it's really
hard to get motivated so I always
suggest doing something a little bit
even if you don't have that much time
even if you just have 20 minutes the
first thing in the morning so here we go
all right dude how was our run dude it
was awesome you did awesome okay how far
do we go two and a half miles and then
what do we do dude what's your problem
we think he might have pinkeye look at
look at the camera you see your I wanna
tell him but your eye is a little
dramatic you woke up with a little bit
of a goopy eye so I think that you might
have think I said everybody stay away
from rock tart and then princess chard
woke up with a poopy nose and she's
sleeping still cuz I told her where
she's staying home our kids are sick oh
poor Shaytards we'll make it through
just keep praying for us and drink your
vitamin C for us - good morning it is
Monday morning and I have been looking
forward to this moment for the last 48
hours 40 hours I haven't gone 48 hours
this is the first thing I've eaten in 40
hours community big stud muffin oh yeah
all the juices
it was so funny how good an apple can
taste oh wow that's delicious really
sincerely best Apple I've ever had so I
feel great honestly I feel refreshed my
stomach feels flat I feel like I have
plenty of energy and I really feel like
that 40-hour fast got a lot of toxins
out of my body and a lot of junk that I
really didn't need in there last night
on Netflix I watched a documentary that
one of you recommended to me on Twitter
called hungry for change and it is
awesome you should definitely definitely
check it out
very interesting documentary about the
fact that we are starving basically as a
society how are we starving to pay 68%
of all of adults in America are
overweight we're not starving for
calories we're starving for nutrients
basically we're getting plenty and
plenty of calories but we're not getting
enough nutrients because all the food we
eat is man-made it's not the real food
that we were meant to eat when we were
created or when we became people out of
the sludge whatever you believe anyways
this morning I am having a Fresh Beat
apple kale celery spinach lemon juice to
try to get as many nutrients my body it
feels better I know it's like oh you're
such a hippie now shape it feel better
you got more energy you live longer try
it out man watch that documentary go
watch that hungry for change on Netflix
maybe we can get it somewhere else I
don't know but it's really good thanks
to whoever recommended it as a really
good documentary
should I go hit on him I think I should
yeah definitely who doesn't love a guy
on Harley it's shame you guys if you
didn't know it's shame don't get his
though simply catch up to us
is he scratching his butt sure you
scratching your butt bike ride but
scratching yeah yeah yeah
we can talk like that princes chart was
sneezing and coughing and sniffling and
had a sore throat this morning so she
had to stay home from school but she got
to take really good care of her little
brother huh Susan oh did you have fun
with sesame and did your homework
did you read to her like I asked you to
you read maybe not Despereaux the one
with the mouse and he has a sword he's
cool and he likes a princess it's
something cool like that
I don't know all right okay mate retard
it's time for getting groceries and I
can hear toni braxton on the radio she
does remember 20 rats
I can't tell you how many times I listen
to this song with a boy in mind oh he
broke my sire
oh and I was like I don't know 13 or
something yep I remember those days
boys will break your heart girls so stay
away from that baby nerd but I'm gonna
get today
I mean Tinkerbell Tinkerbell card we're
gonna get some apples it's um oh wait
those are great for it those are not
oranges it's gonna come get the oranges
that we got last time let's go find them
last time when we were shopping we found
oranges that are tall
now Orange safer there they're called a
cara cara oranges accessway ah
anyways they're like pink inside when we
opened it up its peace so baby thar
loves them so we're gonna get some more
oh you want to get the little cuties huh
okay these ones are the pink oranges so
get a bunch of those ones alright let's
finish her shopping we gotta get a lots
of fruits and vegetables cuz that's
going to make our bodies healthy let's
go and maybe some bad stuff no no bad
stuff it's Monday no sugar on Monday
meatless day we're gonna stick to it
right maybe tart meatless Monday yeah
yeah
Hey Baby Talk
oh I can't come out there you think I
can do part well I can't do Carlos's get
his yarn coming out there I wish I could
though it looks kind of fun
I want to go jump in the foam pit yeah
that would be fun just pushing my face I
was sitting here staring at my phone and
she's yelling mom mom I look up and
she's at the top of the road I'm pretty
impressed at these little kids that can
make that because that scares me I don't
think that when I was that age that I
would have been able to go up that high
on the rope and not have my butt shake
I'm gonna jump off oh so scary is that
weird whenever I'm up high my butt like
shakes you get weak in the knees when
your knees get weak it's kind of like
that never in that price like this teen
bullying goes up through my spine and
like I feel like my bush I do not like
Heights
I'm excited it's dinnertime want to get
at the shades haters be laughing at my
nose when spider-man is out and about on
the prowl trying to defend the city in
Crimea smell the bad guys
see hey my Batman another healthy
delicious salad from mommy thar don't
have a baked potatoes oh I feel like I'm
about to get my mask no please please
all you prefilled my true identity now
all the criminals will know give me kiss
that's the giant cop right in my face
Thanks well thanks buddy give me Kenny
stinks gotta go bye daddy's own diaper
Patrol diaper Patrol diaper Patrol
oh yeah what'd you learn in school today
I learned about Martin Luther King jr.
who was that what do you do he's a
person who had a jam that whites and
blacks could go to the same schools
drink I have the same water fountain
one day it's Jake dream came true hero a
speech Clause I have a dream and he
memorized day and night and one day he
told it to a lot of people even whites
and blacks another day you got shot in
the head and he died that was a bad day
yes
that's pretty cool what he's done for
our country though he brought a lot of
people together why do you feel guilty
because a white shot him you shouldn't
feel guilty just cuz you're white
doesn't mean you did it
do you hate white people do you shoot
anybody have you ever shot anybody
no do you know the person who shot him
you never hung out with them I wouldn't
fire you spider-man come sit down eat
dinner
spider-man needs his nutrients to be run
around the town all night looks
delicious mami tarde once again a
masterpiece well thank you my love
the heart when I'm biking Muppet itis
you know okay who can see we're rock
tart is can anybody see him he's hiding
right now I'm not sure where he is mmm
scanning the kitchen alright there he is
what are you doing pot boy yeah hi dad
you got an apple it's bedtime come on
stand up
Charlotte's your pajamas I see those
pajamas oh boy you upper nerdy pajamas
on yeah you do honey Rock tarts on the
top of the fridge and a pyjamas again it
is adorable
alright let's go it's bedtime everybody
time to go are you ready to go yeah you
ready to go here you do that yes can you
do that can you go pop you can do it
yeah what's your dog's name again it's
not some dumb name like Paloma or
something is that busted I got this
skank Claire right there Samantha oh I
love Samantha I don't know about you but
having all of these dolls at the foot of
my bed would freak me out it's like
every time you wake up all these faces
are just like staring at you like what
are you doing are you having
night sleep or off just sitting you're
watching it as you snore in your
underwear all right aloma dapper to Napa
Patrol you're gonna be singing that's
all day yeah hey thanks for watching
today's video I hope you liked it I hope
it made you smile I hope it made you
feel happy and smile for a while oh man
I'm not the best at making songs but I
like it check out yesterday's vlog to
the left there and the feeling lucky
button who's feeling lucky I've seen a
lot of your comments about people that
are watching this on an iPhone or mobile
device and they will start putting the
links to these insights in the video
description so that you that are on a
mobile device can click because you
cannot click on the annotations you can
also find that videos in the video
description and also huge huge huge news
we will be talking about it more in
tomorrow's podcasts that we will upload
on when the kids go to sleep but we
launched a very special fundraising
campaign today on indiegogo.com slash
I'm vlogging here a Shaytards
documentary is in the works we're coming
up on four years daily vlogging and I
want to document as we start into year
five of this crazy journey so please
please please go check out the link in
the description support us spread it
around as much as you can I want to make
this movie and tell the story of how
this became our life fulfilling a dream
come true of a dream I never knew I even
had all right we love you guys and we
will see you guess guess I'll give you
three guesses but you're only gonna need
one I'm gonna change more diapers
tomorrow
