hi I'm blogging here okay baby I'm just
gonna hit print right on that little
button and we're gonna see what happens
here son tart and I are gonna go see the
Los Angeles Clippers play basketball
today oh wow look at its actual fun
being printed out of my printer right
there check it out we just got our
tickets Los Angeles Clippers verse
Orlando Magic at the Staples Center
January 12 2013 at 12:30 p.m. Oh bother
son tar we're stuck on the 10 East
on-ramp but we got a basketball game to
get to
are you excited tell me about your
excitement level right now describe it
to me in three words or less three words
or less excitement level description go
I'm excited I guess that works
this is your very first professional
basketball game huh who are we rooting
for hunters who own the Clippers are we
written for Blake Griffin dude you know
your players bro well it should be a
game if we ever get there
oh come on Los Angeles why do you gotta
be doing this to us just be cool bro why
can't you be cool Los Angeles alright it
looks like we've got the new tone it up
girls here we go you girls working out
show us your new move let's see it
working out with weights and heels I'm
impressed
so the boys are at the Clippers game
we're just out hanging out with the
girls it's a girls day kind of get some
shopping done which the girls don't
always love but as long as we get them
something they're happy right so we
found these little things for their
rooms yeah they're gonna be able to
organize our rooms a little bit better
that's always fun good like that did you
just hit yourself in the face okay KITT
whoa maybe we need to do some weight
learning how to do things with the
weights that's a good goal alright so
there was a wreck on the 10 you know
what they say rubber necker's cause
bottleneck errs rubber necking causes
bottleneck so we're here you excited I'm
not gonna lie cuz I don't like liars I
be
Seiden Wow we got a parking spot it's
only 15 bucks for parking just really
bad downtown LA I can get ridiculous now
we're just walking over to the Staples
Center ready they'll see the Clippers
which is crazy because the Lakers played
last night in the Staples Center and
while we were an island burger last
night I was telling sundar and I'm like
dude check it out the Lakers are playing
in the Staples Center which means
they're gonna have to move that floor
they have to pick up all of the Lakers
floor and replace it overnight or early
this morning with the Clippers floor so
here we go going through security and
guess who brought his pocket knife with
him they might take it away from you
okay so update the game is over they
confiscated my flip camera and Sun tarts
pocket knife I don't know why for some
reason they didn't want a sharp blade in
the game they said either we can take it
back to the truck which was like a 20
minute walk which we mean would be
really late for the game
or throw the knife away so we threw it
away and said target's not happy about
it because that's the knife but he works
ten miles for for his grandma want to
give it but I promised him that we'd get
him a new one and a Clippers sure you
want to Clippers sure buddy so we're
gonna pick out a Clippers paraphernalia
here for Sun tarde cuz it was a good
game even though they lost fairly by
three it was so close Clippers were
ahead the entire game the last few
minutes they lost to the Charlotte
to Charlotte
Orlando Orlando Magic I did get a few
videos on my iPhone you can go check out
on my iPhone channel we got Shaquille
O'Neal pointing at us because I yelled
at him about the Buick LaCrosse and
sontar dancing in the aisle and hitting
a lady in the face with his hat so go
watch those on my iPhone channel all
right Blake Griffin let's see your moves
he drives to the key left right hip he
hops right baseline jumps dogs buck
woods who was that a backwards dunk I
love when you backwards dunk Blake
Griffin dude that guy is big in real
life he's tall and muscular nice shirt
bro thank you're at your clippers for
life oh no oh no our stalker run run hi
ru we found somebody who watches our
videos let's go hi you're on the blog
right now
sure okay bro games over did you have
fun yeah
what was your favorite part jumped in
the air what's gonna shoot everything
he did like one of those things like
something passes it to you and Mikey
jump in here
okay you know what that's called you
know it's called it's called an
alley-oop the alley-oop to Blake Griffin
that's when you're in the air you throw
the ball in the air and without even
standing on the ground when Blake
Griffin is flying through the air he
grabs ball midair and dunks it called an
alley-oop dunk dude takes total teamwork
to do an alley you've dunk dude dog
wasn't that dastardly dang right it was
fun game fun food oh I hate do we eat
some tard
tell him what we yes chicken don't tell
him don't tell him it's horrible until
it's under I said don't tell your mom
but we're gonna have a little cheat day
it is 350 in the afternoon and I have
decided that I am finished eating until
Monday serious I'm gonna try a fast I'm
gonna go right now after having probably
about 18 inches of hotdogs at the LA
Clippers game nachos chicken nuggets
coke and caramel corn
oh I am NOT gonna eat until Monday
morning so I'm starting right now and
I'm gonna fast until Monday morning and
just clean my body out especially after
the holidays now don't be freaking out
like that bad for you Shay it's not it's
not bad a few I will drink plenty of
water but I'm not gonna eat until Monday
morning starting right now it's official
I just set it off the video camera I
have to do it now okay
we're going do it with me I might have a
little fritter that's not bad having a
little fruit there and then you mean
here and there here and there there and
then what's the difference
so LAPD I have a bone to pick with you
scary yeah so listen to this little
story once upon a time what happened
after that
I don't know okay I went to the movies
and we were like why is this practical
ROG so like empty when was this Friday
night Friday night is that what happened
movies it's always really busy I don't
know I just read about ready to go vote
google it yeah we were a little bit
confused it was kind of eerie and the
movie theater was empty there was only
us and one other couple in there there
was like this whole part taped off we
were walking to go to the hider
there's a security wouldn't tell us yeah
I even asked this car is like nope can't
tell you what say so we are going to
walk to the theater what was it the rave
anyways it's in LA you don't care
there was a hostage
situation people a hostage situation I
didn't find out about it until just now
I was talking to one of my friends just
like well you heard about what happened
over at Nordstrom's I'm like lunch let's
you have 14 people were held hostage and
I'm like what day was this she was like
Friday or Thursday I'm like what's
rather right there so I thought it was
like Obama was in town or something
because they had this whole area
blockaded off with crime tape I wouldn't
walk any of that dang it
stewey and then they have like this
whole like mobile unit like trailers it
said Los Angeles Police Department which
was probably the hostage negotiator just
like in the movies there was this like
whole trailer that now that I think
about it they were probably like set up
a command station and we're talking to
this you know whoever was holding these
14 people hostage look it up it's
probably in the news bet you hundred
bucks no cuz you only hundred bucks
too bad that for you to take anyway so
we were making the comment ourselves cuz
we went to parenting guidance that new
movie and we're like where is everybody
and like we had to walk all the way
around to get back to our car turns out
there was a hostage situation and we
could have been shooted there we almost
went to Nordstrom's yeah we always have
to go there I would have one woman was
reportedly such like she's a former
hostage drama at North that was right
that's exactly where we are at the rave
Motion Pictures theater we were right
there
Nagata Norseman's and her wife
definitely yeah would not have been at
the theater that's why nobody was there
and why wouldn't they have shut down the
whole complex crazy crazy stuff look it
up man we're we're living in the ghetto
you know my goodness move backside ow
okay I'm ready come here young man yes I
want to share something with you you're
in big trouble you know that
you seriously well seriously trouble
seriously look what this person just
said about you right here in the
comments you see that read that I really
really adore some dashenka let are doing
something very very right because he is
an athletic jock an intelligent bookworm
and they mature kappa son Nate human
being a compassionate
ashin dude I love when your compass on
eight you're soaked up us on eight hmm
could have a capri-sun while you're
being kept us on eight compassionate
human being all at once those things
hardly ever all go together
he's only nine - he has already got a
better head on his shoulders and most
kids twice where did I get out bad so
I'm tired I think about that awesome
what do you say yes I am hahaha you
little brat read the comment what did I
say read the comment below that uh I was
nice I'm going to give him a hug and
another yep I said it here's your uh
really sure lucky time I actually looked
up how to spell loogie and it said a
sharp rap on the head with the knuckles
or fish so I literally have googled how
to nuki the proper way
hello McFly hello McFly thanks for the
comment I'll beat my children more for
you someday this what was the word again
athletic jock who's gonna beat your head
off
dude I am counting the years doesn't
hurt actually beat me up because he is
carly was saying Carly like when he
really goes and wrestles hard Carly
would say that she was wrestling the
other day and she said she wouldn't told
him to go all out he's tough
yeah I could still beat him up cuz
obviously I'm huge and physically
superior to him in every way but he is
strong man he's gonna be a protector one
day this boy he said he's be a big
protector until then there are people
living under us know about long time
hahaha pewter next melted $18.00 it was
wow he's a beaut
I've hurt you guys probably what
happened princess are you better start
fussing up right now that's gonna be
huge
tell me what happened I had was step
that it really wasn't and then I um did
I pull I tried to help her hold out and
then when it pulled it out at all and
hit her head cuz she's doing her head
let me see macked her head on the stool
don't touch it
well it's still unicorn face I just have
a huge bruise come here I'll get to the
bottom of this she has a giant it's like
in a cartoon when the group it's like
all black and blue let's get a full view
of this unicorn horn man did it hurt
yeah cry
yeah she didn't turn I we didn't know
how bad it was though that is gonna when
that light gets all swollen up that's
when II bad well yeah got a hard noggin
I guess no really you're already trying
to go to school maybe you should give
your big sister 3 punches to the groin I
mean kidney ha ha I'm a bad father
no groin punching only punching the
kidneys I told you guys that yeah okay
little baby boy should that a baby boy
well hey babe I announced today in the
vlogs that I'm gonna go until Monday
morning I'm gonna fast until Monday
morning okay
dude is that the swimming suit you
weren't a very first date it is actually
oh my goodness gracious how long ago is
that 12 years ago I would say it's
pretty impressive after having four kids
that you can wear the exact same
swimsuit that you wore for or the same
as I did
you look better okay no it's water you
think so
I'll take it after 12 years yeah how
long is that something suit by the way
yeah probably 15 years old its last a
long time that's I don't want that often
you can do you can how do you do that I
wish to become okay okay a ferry now see
Little Miss ferry oh look at that giant
flipper you got I wish I had a
cheeseburger ha ha ha thanks Mary if I'm
imaginary I can I can become a
cheeseburger or I can make a
cheeseburger appear in my mouth it's a
niche I can marry a cheeseburger I don't
want to marry a cheeseburger I already
married a meatloaf didn't hear my
meatloaf Jeff Nolan I don't never mind I
don't know what that means exactly but I
couldn't think of anything try baby wolf
nice right here comes the little man
coming down to the hot tub hangout with
his mommy and his daddy to his little
sister rock hard what do you want to be
can you imagine Airi something he's
imaginary so we can chin and anyone me
already said he won't fit into a
threaded a what a swimmer why hey mr.
Schwimmer congratulations on being a
swimmer I'm super proud of you give your
sister cash is know I'm too cool for
that okay mr. baby's coming kisses
everywhere can't kick your camera kisses
you get this all those big duck lips
taste very good he's not wiping mop
today either
that was cool do it then one two SunGard
was late yeah I thought it was awesome
nice job guys are you gonna do it baby
darn you're freaking me out
again it's safer to unbind don't worry I
caught that little unicorn and chucked
her headfirst into that swimming pool
you know what they say a family that
backflips together stays together
thanks for watching today's video guys
we had a lot of fun this weekend check
out yesterday's vlog was a fun one take
Sunday we talked about a centaur ripping
his pants at school and you're feeling
lucky you might like to click that
button on the ride I might have
something very funny and exciting
planned for you and if you want to see
two videos from when me and Sun tarde
were at the game I have links below for
the two iPhone videos where we're
yelling at Shaq and Sun tard smacking a
lady in the face also we posted some
pictures on our Instagram and Facebook
so links below just go check them out
follow me on Instagram I like to take
Instagram pictures is really fun I love
you ok see you tomorrow bye
