that's one well I don't know yes hey
everybody today we're going to discuss
the blanket of life
what is the blanket of life like open
your mind
Steve bro I'm so deep today
deep dish pizza day no I'm fasting
you're fasting well good for you I'm not
here okay so I'm not passing for
religious reasons I'm fasting for health
reasons when I was in Vegas at CES I had
a conversation with a gentleman I don't
know how you know what you did you never
told me this had to be here Oh keep
going yeah it's like I was at this
YouTube party and it was very fancy and
there was like guys in white tuxedos
walking around and I was like grabbing
everything off of any tree and it was a
fancy party they really got that Google
money out because there was like crab
and like these big them the shrimp were
meaty it was you know usually the red
one bite kind of deal yeah
dump the shrimp this was like a three
bites it really it was like dip in the
cocktail sauce in it like this little
cream of tartar mayonnaise I'm like why
are you I'm hungry and I've eaten that I
was like it was so media do you like
shrimp some people hate shrimp Carly is
probably fama ting Carly he watches
Carly one time i chance Carly with the
lobster claw you know a crab claw in Red
Lobster and made her throw up literally
she ran to the bathroom did she throw up
yeah she did you ever had a lot of the
combination cuz all three of us around
her 8c for you all guys see well you go
to Red Lobster do you expect yeah
you know if you ever had a crab like
little tendons are in then if you pull
in the tendon and make sand crabs they
go yeah yeah so I grab the tendon I was
like she was freaking out so anyways I
was at this fancy party you know how if
you've ever been in a party like that
you're around a bunch of people that you
don't necessarily know but you kind of
get in conversations and it's like oh hi
I'm Shay nice to meet you what do you do
and we started somehow talking about oh
I told him I had recently lost 110
pounds I figured that might be a good
segue to a conversation then we can
enjoy it and who is this just a guy who
is he was a friend he was a co-worker of
a previous co-worker Mickey my remember
the pretties yeah this guy actually
anyway so a really cool guy
and we started somehow getting on the
topic of fasting he talked to me about a
documentary that he had just watched on
the BBC the British Broadcasting System
for all you English there English art
with a c-corporation
rod it's the British Broadcasting
Corporation baby station anywho so I
think it's on Vimeo but I watched it the
other night and it's about fasting and
it talked about how fasting can increase
the longevity of our lives even because
all these scientifical studies are
proven with mice thanks to mice out in
the world but they had this doctor had
two mice that literally he fed one mouse
half the calories of the other mouse and
it lived twice as long and talked about
just the effort that our digestive
system goes through in trying to break
down all the food that we put inside of
it you know it takes a lot of work
that's why after you eat a big meal
you're like I'm because your body is
working did I just saw that food so he
talked about what he does is he'll go
one day a week no no I think he says he
can't remember is one day a week or if
as every other day where he'll only 500
calories that day and then on the next
day we need whatever you want
literally cheese burgers ribs whatever
you want but most I'm not gonna probably
change my seems extreme yeah because you
know I got down with that but I am down
for fasting because yesterday me and
sunt are
went to the Los Angeles Clippers
basketball game and I had at least 16
inches of poorly processed pig parts
ah darn it that way it don't sound that
bad you're part of this guard you're a
plumber is that the poorly processed pig
parts please so means I'm tired we went
and you'll see this on the blog look you
guys look see I'm gonna edit the vlog
you guys want to see a little preview of
Tim Watson tomorrow's vlog last night
look where do we do backflips we do we
went swimming last night and we all do
simultaneous bath lifts off the side of
the swimming pool know you'll have to
tune in tomorrow hard show them your
Clippers shirt you'll see this in the
blog so many spoilers - had to sweet
alley-oop dunks yesterday at the game ha
tell him yeah okay come here my boy you
want to tell him what we had yesterday
me and SunGard had a little guys day and
we went to the Los Angeles Clippers game
she did tell him what we heated up
I'd say wait this is just you two so
here's so listen so listen we get our
seats we sit down or behind the hoop and
I'm like you know all it smells good
it's in the arena
everybody has popcorn in every fine you
see the nauseous fun guy meeting in a
there just like everything just it's a
smells man you just walk in there at
them the lights are bright and then
there's loud music and there's hot
chicks I mean rattles that are dancing
you didn't hear that hand son tard gave
two of the the LA Clippers cheerleaders
high-five there run it up the pathway
next we're we're seeing we're sit on the
whales they are coming I go son tard
give these two girls high five so he
puts his head out and they both have a
five and he looked at me like dad and
they were pretty
anyway so I said to son Carter I said
okay should I go get snacks what do you
think and he's like so I said K is this
bad parenting I said stay here and I'll
be right back so I left him in his seat
that's fine yeah he's a nine-year-old
kid I figured he's strong and if
somebody tries to steal him I told him
that as I left I said hey if anybody
tries to steal you start screaming and
punching and kicking and then I figured
other people would stop said assailant
from attacking my son I said nerds
pretty tough he's way tough he could
beat up most of you right now I'm just
saying just me pretty much is base he's
like wait what alright hey and also some
chard a lot of people are saying the how
impressed they were how you reacted to
ripping your pants at school a lot of
kids said they would have felt bad and
been embarrassed but you were really
strong what tell me where does that
inner strength and self confidence come
from elaborate more on that your dad is
that the name of that Blowfish in
Charles Trippy vlog Ted oh gosh so so I
leave him at the scene he's watching
Chris Paul open to frickin playgroup but
to Griffin me too
so I go up and I was like you know I was
gonna try to be healthy but there's no
healthy options actually I lied I was
gonna tweet only in LA can you get sushi
at the LA Clippers game there was like a
sushi place but I was like that doesn't
smell get him up in there
hello the first round I get me and him
these New York dogs or whatever and it's
like relish and pickles and onions and
mustard and many and I got us these
giant nachos with cheese and jalapenos
and heartburn they put a little hard one
on there - there's little diabetes mixed
in a big deal and then I got a large
coke so that was the first round so I
went down we sat down I ate my hotdogs
he ate his hotdogs we both shared these
giant nachos drank our coffee did you
get all that stuff on your hot dog no
you just had mustard - I don't know if
did you want that I don't know if you
want to yeah after you don't tell them
so then I'm like I'm like oh well scan I
I'm like that was good and I was like it
just like started me up you know I was
like
some more so I said you want something
else and he's like sure and oh then I
ordered a caramel popcorn so we had like
one of those like little cones apartment
so then I went back this is like right
before half so I figure at halftime it's
gonna get crowded at the concession
stand so I better go and slip in before
all the people you know go for halftime
so I went up and I got another hot dog
and this one was literally probably 14
inches like Ted and it was huge and it
was like one of those things where it's
like you're full and you know you've had
enough but it tastes good and it was
chewy the buns at the LA Clippers
concessions they're chewy
you know sometimes you'll go in the buns
are like yeah it was a really chewy
delicious bun by the way I haven't eaten
for 24 hours/day likes chewy buzz marry
Japan and they also got some chicken
fingers anyways we basically just record
yourself and I'm coming off Christmas
break where you know we didn't eat
healthy and so but on that note I didn't
make dinner last night right none of us
ate better so we went inside the game
was a good game and then after the game
I was like I told sunder and I put it in
the vlog you'll see tomorrow when you
watch the vlog which you will tomorrow
and thumbs it up and he favored it I
said I'm not eating till Monday morning
and I said that kind of joking but I was
like I'm really gonna do that I am NOT
gonna eat anything till Monday morning
so for my water go I've been drinking a
ton of water and having to pee a lot
like we're talking so much about saying
but I've literally had probably four
liters for five liters of water what's a
leader what's one of those big bottles
right well that's two liter yeah yeah
two liters like a soda I've had probably
four liters of water since that game and
I feel great like I still have I have
energy and I haven't eaten anything
since 3:30 in the afternoon yesterday
and it's 3:18 so I'm coming up on 24
hours of not having any food at all
other than water and I'm gonna go and
it's getting hot right now like Sun
heart is just having some chips and
salsa and I'm like I want some of that
but I'm gonna go until Monday morning
without eat so in this conversation that
there's a BBC documentary go check it
out it's called it's called a
I eat live long liver liver liver okay
that's one side but there was a hundred
and one year old guy who ran the English
marathon the London Marathon
anyways let's go see what the girls are
doing one take Sunday today thanks for
hanging out with us we're just got off
of church the girls have been over here
watching Taylor Swift videos non-stop
you guys swifting it up in here
what's so Swift about her anyways is she
pretty she has a good songwriter it's
true she is that what do you like about
her baby tart she's pretty stay away
from the boys that'll be mean to you and
last but not least you guys want to take
a little spice by a little rock rock
okay all underneath the Sun guards bed
good job babe you win the mom prize you
win mother of the year in my life um if
you guys want to go see two videos from
yesterday's clipper game me and sunt are
that two videos one of him dancing
trying to get on the jumbotron at the LA
Clippers game he hits a lady in the head
and it happened so fast she like walked
away and I told him it's a lot of your
commenting sure you're such a bad fall
in water to tell him to apologize I
talked to him after I said oh you should
have said sorry but he was super
embarrassed go look at his face I'll
leave the links to both of those videos
and the other video I'm yelling at
Shaquille O'Neal yeah Shaq was at the
Clippers game and he was walking through
the tunnel and I was being an annoying
fan and screaming at him but I got his
attention cuz there was like a ton of
people yelling at him wanting him to
look up but I said something that got
his attention what was it what got
Shaq's attention so both of those videos
are links below for our iPhone videos
and we'll see you tomorrow any other
thing you want to say when we sign off
you guys podcast tomorrow yeah dude ill
dance
send us sign us off hello Manny hello
Madeline hello my ragtime gal send me a
kiss by wire many my heart's on fire if
you abuse me honey you'll lose me then
you'll be left alone oh darling
telephone and tell me I know
