hi I'm logging here where you going
he's a little Sidewinder today you got
your backpack we're having flip-flop
problems today he can't keep your shoes
on so he's walking really slow we were
almost late for the bell huh little
Sidewinder baby you going to school
today yeah you wish you were huh you're
going to Mama's school of rock and roll
and fun
bye rock and roll I mean sit around the
house and do laundry that's cool too
right all right come on let's go home
hey guys so I'm at maker I'm shooting my
show for Wednesday and I was just headed
to the bathroom like you wanted to go
that I came into this bathroom I have to
show you guys you got two sinks you got
two urinals and a toilet it's just
wonderful
heck it's like a giant community
bathroom but no stalls so yeah three of
us can come in here but we're just all
gonna yeah weird
I don't know anyways so I'm shooting my
show for Wednesday I know I haven't put
up a video in a little while I'm not
very good at editing myself so if we're
on vacation there's nobody here at maker
there's nobody to edit for me I suck but
that's one of my new things that I want
to learn is how to edit Shea's gonna sit
down and help me okay thank you honey
and I'm gonna start editing and being
able to put my own stuff so that's one
of my goals but anyways I'm gonna shoot
my show for Wednesday this is my set hey
guys wanna be on the street words long
all here dangerous to do is super cold
though you'd think there were in Idaho
right now it's warm outside but in the
building it is definitely not warm
developing babies right now it's
probably like mid 50s
I need a scarf in here mug all right
let's go shoot my show hey little baby
boy are you having fun oh it's been a
while since we played in a playground
he's having fun so we had to come to the
kids school a little bit early today
because I got a phone call that son tard
somehow split his pants open so I had to
bring him some new pants look at this
look at that giant hole right in the
front
that's the fly and this is no hole
that's a big tear I feel
odd for him I got his message and I
didn't get here for like an hour and so
I came up in his teachers like he's just
been wearing his leather jacket over his
legs all day he even got up and
presented something in front of the
class holding a leather jacket okay not
all day for the hour that I was gone but
it was hilarious what are you doing
little boy are you doing some spring
cleaning yeah
he just threw all of these chairs out of
the Playhouse are you just cleaning
house or are you mad at the chairs yeah
 okay you want that chair
no okay I just think you're adorable
hanging out of that thing it looks like
a advertisement for the Playhouse you
could totally an advertisement for this
Playhouse dude what are you dealing
easily I love you open the door and say
I love you I love you okay dude you have
to tell us how this happened that's a
pretty gnarly terror good did I see your
junk dude that's embarrassing I'm so
sorry dude what happened to us so every
time the principal at the end of recess
or lunch you blow the whistle and then
we have to crouch crouch down
so I crouch down
I got up like swept out again whenever a
little and I looked up and I saw a grip
but then you saw your junk huh
I'm sorry there's no funny was it scary
like were you super nervous or we were
just kind of like oh crap
I was like oh so wait so what you do it
is just like hold it closed I tell your
clothes and I wear like this oh that's
fun stories though you have two of them
right this is the second three sorry so
funny here do you mind that I'm laughing
no last time I had a big grip and the
way all the way there here
oh my good news in your pants hi think I
remember that yeah isn't my shorts and
I'm like oh shorts okay look so wait so
what did you do the rest of the day
because I didn't come for like an hour
to an hour good thing I brought a jacket
I had the leather jacket so I just
covered it I want to be like this and
you're your teacher said that you got up
and said something to the class with it
still on your lap is that true I read a
book you write a book to the class but I
put this over I love you high five high
fives for being a good sport you like
the thing from the ring that is scary
rock card you have no idea
we don't use my hair for a thing
z103 Idaho's number-one hit music
channel coming up next is Miley Cyrus
right after we have the Jonas Brothers
on deck kill it either we have sang
Gore's at 8 o'clock
Shh trivia at 6:30 rattle ticket stay
away tonight from new movies out there
Friday night a lot of you have heard me
say how much I always loved being a
radio DJ on Friday nights because it's
you know it's the weekend everybody's
excited to be off and they're going out
with their friends their girlfriends and
their boyfriends and they're doing
something cool and I always love to be
the leader of the party on the radio as
everybody was driving to go wherever
they were going to go whether it be
parties or to the movie you're out to
dinner I always thought it was so cool
to be the guy on the radio who was like
the voice of the party like here we go
what do you want to hear call me and
give me a request 7 8 to 9 Oh whatever
it was I can't rember the number anyways
we're gonna go out tonight as a family
to dinner and a movie I had to run some
errands but I told the kids I said you
guys are in charge you have to find the
movie and we're we're gonna go to East
when I get home I want a full itinerary
of what we're doing for the Shaytards
Friday night so let's go inside and see
what they've picked out it's also good
to be home to be driving my baby around
exam sir missed him love you this is my
baby I haven't really missed it I was
worried about it while weird Idaho for
three weeks somebody would have come and
like beat it up or something or maybe
like call two bad names but he's fine
just sitting here chillin like a beast
that he is all right what are we gonna
do all right let's see it what's it in
your purse or something come over here
and show it to me
oh I just stepped on Curious George's
face sorry bro sorry George
sorry Jorge okay come here let's see
what are we gonna do princess tarde you
haven't planned out where's my page yeah
do you write it all down for dinner
we're gonna go to UM Island burger for
the movies we're seing parental get
guidance and it starts at 350 we looked
it all up 955 855 it's like that's gonna
late movie let me see this thing would
you write I want to see I want to see
you write it all down so you've done
some research huh
and for the candy list everything we're
gonna get is licorice there's a candy
list you guys went into some details you
said to come in put it I didn't know
you're gonna go into that much detail
Latricia oh I love Latricia that's my
favorite kind of licorice is the
literally Kurush that's true actually I
think I did I was kind of just joking
around like write a list of what we're
gonna have for candy so I was excited
licorice popcorn you know cold water
jump starburst
mmm skittles I'm a terrific that's quite
the candy list boy oh boy I think even
Willy Wonka would be jealous of that
candy list
good job give me five you're quite the
planner maybe one day you'll grow up and
be a Friday night planner is that a
thing can you grow up to be a Friday
night plan out because she is the one if
anything Prince's tard is our little
organizer she likes everything organized
and prepared and I'm gonna chuck her on
the bed ready I was kicked in the face
we're gonna show you baby turns outfit
which she put together all by herself
all right reveal it I'm ready
cha-cha-cha-cha so she has this scarf
which she tied all by herself who taught
you how to tie scarves like that yeah
you just learn on your own and then she
has her little little clutch you know
those were called the clutch she calls
it a purse what's inside your little
clutch huh
what are you carrying in there taser
pepper spray mix it in licks tip she's
got her licks tip and a barrette which
she's sporting a gorgeous little sparkly
thing on her head not sure what you call
that so fancy princess card looking
gorgeous liking it
son tired would you bring hacky sack
what else did you bring
let me see what did you bring dude
you're gonna shank some brothers you
have a knife gonna take that to school
young man hey Don all right
you are definitely a little boy pocket
knife at you second is a wallet hey do
you have your cash in that wallet you do
how much so why do you have that $71 in
your wallet we were the reason he had it
as well as because we're gonna put it in
their savings account in Idaho but we
forgot to another quick question are you
gonna leave it at the movies tonight
no good give me five too slow haha don't
stab me bro connect away the knife away
I'm serious don't off how I got my
pocket knife is well when your idaho
grandma had a pocket knife
as she didn't know who's who it was it
was is well whose it's was I asked her
if I can have it so
she said she said it's up to my dad so I
asked you
and he said I could have it but only if
I did three months three point three
three miles each day so then I did those
models and I got my pocket knife ten
miles
so total I did ten miles and I got this
baby I earned it so we're here at Island
burger getting a little food and son
tart says to me first of all he asked me
says do you know who Bob will talk to us
yes sorry we're just clogging thanks
we should anyway so summer asked me if I
know who Pablo Picasso is I said yes
tell me what he said I said pop okay so
I said today I copied a painting that
was in the blue period by Pablo Picasso
the blue period is when his friend
committed suicide
you so sad sir a funeral his paintings
blue also one he was happy and he loved
he would be Oh
colors he was you know tell about the
other type of painting that public
Picasso invented oh he Pablo Picasso all
cemented cute there's only cubism it's
not Mark Cuban for all you dallas
mavericks fans out there it's a type of
art i just was telling such artists yeah
I never need your armor you trying to
block all of us I'll rip this arm I'm
gonna rip it off right now
oh crap we just revealed our lighting
thanks thanks for holding the line in
Prince's heart okay ready go right there
you rollin uh-huh
I'm trying to burn off that Island
burger
I had two vegetarian tacos that's right
baby charge okay we're at the movie and
nobody's here
ha ha exciting all right so a lot of
you're probably wondering what is
untoward hobo pocket knife
well we're just about to open our candy
and there's this annoying cellophane all
around it whatever will we do oh look
who has a nice mom said we have to come
in and we have to do us what about him
mean skittles you're so sassy so sassy
good job son tard we gotta get you your
tote Manship badge
that's the Scout badge - how to properly
use a knife never cut towards you right
you always have to beware of that blade
dude you don't want to ever cut somebody
on accident oh yes thank you I want to
have species of licorice bro hook me up
Thunder I already cut that one up
careful with the knife bro okay let's
see the proper way to put that away
carefully nice good job dude you're such
a man you're like MacGyver yeah
macGruber hey guys no Gruber here I'm
just hanging out with Pablo Picasso we
were just commenting on how we would
thumbs up and favorite this video if we
were you cuz we got a roll of duct tape
a paintbrush and a left ear and if we
don't have anything we have love I don't
know any of that means thanks for
watching today and if you haven't
watched yesterday's well then you're
just one click away from another happy
moment with the Shaytards
through you guys a curveball yesterday
didn't I you thought that I was gonna
link you to the Phil and lucky button
the spaghetti symphony video huh bye
through your curveball and instead I
jumped in the world records biggest bowl
of spaghetti hmm so you never know what
you're gonna get on the Philly lucky
button I always choose those very
carefully because I want you guys to be
surprised every time I pick one so
what's the luck of the draw gonna be
today Johnny click on that film lucky
button sewer Taoiseach hope you guys are
having a great weekend we love you and
we will see you tomorrow for one take
Sunday and remember if you're in your
blue period
there's always brighter horizons on the
future I don't know what that means
basically it means cheer up Charlie
