who's gonna wait who's gonna win it's
gonna win Oh mommy what's that hey daddy
hi Daddy
they just clicked on an old video there
to set your daddy they thought company
that was really him they hide a say hi
to dad rocked our dad oh are you guys
excited dad gets home today hey nice
hair dude
did you do that yourself yeah she messed
up your of all times I've never seen
someone so worried about his hair are
you trying to impress a girl maybe maybe
really ha
doctor like that girl I love your hair
regardless and if she doesn't like you
she needs to work on her liking skills
you're awesome
high-five all right kids dad will be
home after school you want to say
something to dad before you get home I
love so much you guys excited CheY comes
home today I'm so excited I always are
you excited to see daddy today yes and
daddy's gonna come home on the airplane
we're gonna help pick him up can you
show me an airplane whereas an airplane
do Hey oh I hope my airplane doesn't do
that that would be scary nosedive ah you
silly boy this morning when he was
watching che on the computer he was so
happy he totally thought it was che just
you know on the computer he was trying
to talk to him oh so cute so I put on
some videos for him to watch on us and
look where he paused it this is one of
our Christmas specials you paused it
right there look how huge my face is
I've come to the conclusion that if I
have any flaws which I do you guys see
pays so much there's no way I can
possibly hide anything it's apparent
because look you know at least I had
makeup on in this picture you guys
should not zoom in on my face ever okay
okay yeah
who's that rock stars thank hi
that's your car that yeah we're in the
car but who's that mommy daddy
Ali's been saying for the past couple
days daddy go yeah please daddy was
earlier clean and daddy's coming home on
the airplane see you later love Vegas
get you next time bro the Khronos
building there it is Las Vegas Strip
there are about 50 million people in
that little square block of cement rebar
metal so rock hard we're just getting
the house clean trying to make it all
spiffed up and then hopefully I'll stick
you myself up and then we'll go pick up
shade correction we're gonna go pick up
the kids and then with a pickup shades
so I'm working hard to get the house
beat so Shay and I have been trying to
teach our kids to take care of their
dishes after we eat a meal a lot of
times it's just you got to remind him
every time because they forget they made
their dishes out well I made some toast
for rock tart and then I went to go get
ready I came out and the toast wasn't
sitting on the table like it usually is
I said rock-hard where's your toast so
he just looked at me like what I took
care of that mom I came over here to the
sink and normally there's a garbage can
under the sink but I had moved it
because I was emptying it and so look
his toast he just put it on the ground
under the sink it's like well that's
where it goes
I booked character as a garbage can or
not but he put it there it's so cute
though he should have ate it but
whatever that'll come later when we
teach our kids to eat the crust of their
bread and then look at this and then he
put his plate in the sink oh my goodness
it's so cute I'm sorry it's another one
of those little mom victories it's
working what we're teaching him it's
working he's learning even though he put
his crust on the floor instead of the
garbage can it's the right place
it's just not
actly the right place look I love you
rock hard you're so adorable
check out what I did good like it I made
Shay's desk a little bit better I don't
know if you guys remember it before but
it was kind of a mess over here and
there wasn't very good lighting so I got
another lamp well I already had the lamp
I just put it together and put it there
and then I put his picture with Dave
Ramsey and entree leadership there and
that's his grandpa
Eugene and this is the four generation
picture we're on by Eugene Grandpa Carl
Shea and son tard I think you'll like
and I think will be proud this is
something that I think that he'll
appreciate what do you guys think
I don't know sure you'll see it before
they do so if you like it all right
let's go get daddy oh one other thing
that I put together for him I made the
bed but I made sure that Shea is waiting
for Shea when he gets back hey guys I'm
not even gonna try let's go rock darn
you ready to go get daddy and the kids
yeah daddy got a little backpack
hey backpack man where's daddy yep now
we're gonna go get him from the plane
huh next stop in two arms of mine coffee
family and the hot precious glimpse of
my wife I'm gonna smooching hard baby
I'm coming for you baby that was a fun
little trip not too long just to quit
two and a half days to Vegas got to meet
a lot of people
really important meetings I got to see
walk off the earth perform live and meet
them which was so cool fact I'm probably
gonna hang out with Jionni here in LA he
just flew here we're gonna sit down and
talk about some ideas maybe to do
together on you to warm excited it still
trips me out to think that we live here
this is like our hometown air or LAX Los
Angeles International Airport one of the
biggest light hubs of the
just being here and seeing all the
different flights and people that's
insane it's like a beehive of activity
and I've flown into this Airport
hundreds and hundreds of times and my
wife I just talked to pledged like I
know right where you're at she like
knows how to get around this thing like
the back of her hand because we've been
here so many times it's still weirds me
out to think that you know of such a big
place like this is kind of like home for
us it's been weird not weird but it's
just cool to think about those things
everyone so if you do that you're like
think about my life like where do I come
from I'm very nostalgic like that I
always like to think about where we've
come from where we're going just to take
inventory of how things are going
stall chi there they are there's my
lovely lady there's my lovely children
what's up lovely lady with John always
princes star who's gonna wait who's
gonna win is gonna win Oh mommy way
oh great to start in second dude how
lame you came out of the door what's up
with that really loved me you were to
come out of the portal on the top that
you just caught with a bow saw
I love you guys I love you love you I
love these guys
beautiful Alex gray only in LA
he just is ignoring different players
yeah girl I know it's blowing in the
wind
look it's like giving it to look yeah
girlfriend
you go girl work yet look at me Felix
look tight I'll tell her to work it
she's how to work it
 girl nobody can work it as good as
you girlfriends no way and you totally
work it girlfriend why would I cry why
would I cry cuz you got me such a nice
present yeah see I might cry you never
know alright this is a present from baby
tart I'm under the explicit instructions
not to cry ha ha ha beautiful how could
I not get emotional over this beautiful
artwork what is this baby tart is this a
story what is this story about is that
our family who's this who's this right
here that's Malachi oh I miss Malachi
look even got him in our big family
picture there's dad and mom man you got
some long legs mama Tod ya know there's
little rock face I think that's probably
baby tard and then there's Sun tard and
princess tart and Malachi seriously babe
loving your legs and half as tall as you
are
think you can carry me around with your
giant stork giraffe legs long luscious
legs long luscious legs thank you baby
tar that's really sweet
I've tried not to cry I love you I'm
glad to be home broad face didn't wake
up you would know but I made an art
class but I haven't got it yet
I'm not sure that's the proper way to
wear your seat belt did you sit up
well proper safety harness wearing will
prevent all tummy lacerations from Rex
what
badge for you but you would give us to
present in you can present fine lady
hahaha your stuff is sweet I didn't get
her yes I did we just have to go pick it
up see what happened is I got it in
Vegas but then I didn't want have to
carry on the flight so I sent it here to
the store here so we have to go get your
guys's presents here in Los Angeles at
the store ok is that cool thanks for
thinking of me baby tard I love you
oh you're exhilarating oh mylanta look
how clean the house is darling I'm
impressed
as grandpa Eugene used to always say
cleanliness is next to godliness
check it out everything is shining don't
look at the carpets are still a disaster
the table everything looks so clean yes
darling
oh you decluttered the desk wow that was
you right here what is it
it was it's like a little video a video
on the desktop the kitchen looks
fantastic darling I'm impressed you guys
have a good mom don't you spotless in
here and it smells good mmm what is this
sweet strawberry delicious mess baby
tart I'm gonna put your book on the
frigerator okay I'm gonna put it right
here so I can always see you and every
time I go to get me some barbecue ribs
out of the fridge I'll cry cuz I'll
remember the moments that you made that
book and you'll also cry because we
never have BBQ ribs in the fridge and I
saw this in the vlog yeah I remember
this in the vlog the other day the
vegetables stuff and I wanted some of
them now I can see it in real life and
you really want to but look couple days
all this whole thing you have been busy
little lady look at this I guess is are
we officially finally moved into our
room like that's like the last time work
to do that is cool this is Kaylee made
out for us and look what you did
and honey oh there's grandpa Yugi in
this flight uniform there's four
generations of butler's son target upon
great-grandpa thar grandpa hard and
shitty tard there's my buddy Dave Ramsey
and Colette my lover wait which one is
which ah that's weird
uh and then my desk I can't believe you
organized all this there's so much crap
right here I'm impressed you got my
journals you're the best wife ever look
at that happy couple right there
who's that stud muffin is that what kept
you company for you that what kept you
company while I was gone mommy turn huh
hey Shay Carl here if you guys want to
know the best techniques to get your abs
and buy some tries all toned up just
subscribe to my trade-off straddle whoa
mr. hacky sack Spider Man that was a
good job here get it do it last time you
were on your foot son tired said he
almost kicked it over his head look at
him set it on his little foot those
little toesies are so bright sorta bite
him that's it
whoa mr. soccer player man put on your
foot flip it up curl your toes member
curl up like that so the hacky sack sits
on top of your foot curl them up let's
see it try it go ahead nice job you're
getting it hey mommy
go give it or I'll get it to her thank
you rocked ride you're such a good
helper I mean excuse me spider-man
careful it's hot remember it's hot okay
you want to help shake the stuff in
here's the pepper put the pepper in no
not that one this one there you go good
job careful it's hot oh you can put
pepper wherever we can like pepper okay
now put a little bit of salt just a
little bit because I don't have a
on that one this one this one okay I
guess we can have salt in there too
that's just the water boiling so it
actually is good to have salt in there
okay right here put it in here just a
little bit okay good job thank you
high-fives you want to tell him what
we're having tonight yeah
why that's water what are we gonna eat
for dinner remember
yeah one on kids family on spaghetti to
celebrate dad be in hola daddy that's
red that's right
wet nice red light hey right John
do you like spaghetti I mean spider-man
sorry Oh spider-man do you like
spaghetti
yeah sounds good ok rock hard where's
the blue spaghetti spoon that's not the
spaghetti spoon though no find the blue
spaghetti spoon look come look in this
drawer come look in this drawer ok
where's the blue spaghetti spoon that's
it good job you're so smart
good job spider-man love it this is my
spider-man spaghetti helper tonight yes
it's hot be careful take that pile and
brake at spider-man good good job
one more good JA there's also noodles
flipping all over the kitchen I don't
know if you guys can hear that yeah good
job ok I think that's enough now stir it
up with don't touch it hot I wanted to
do water you go nice good job spider-man
and thus the story of how spider-man
reduced the hunger crisis in the gotham
city of our bellies wait Gotham City's
Batman Oh shake come on get it right you
gotta get your superheroes right well
one thing I did get right is eating all
of that delicious spaghetti so good to
be home with my family the ones I love
where I'm meant to be kissing their
faces wrestling them throwing them
biting their necks punching them
breaking their arms you know the things
I kind of like to do be sure to check
out yesterday's vlog and if you're
feeling lucky and a little bit spaghetti
e.e wink-wink nudge-nudge hood spaghetti
click to the feeling lucky button on the
right if you have not seen what I'm
about to see in your faces you're about
to be from big treat okie-dokie we'll
see you right here same place same time
tomorrow be sure to come on back now
y'all here
