you see the internal that's hard but can
you see all the parts of our Oh
hi sir sorry excuse me it's funny when
people look at you they're applauding
your arm all right so I'm headed down to
CES but I forgot my badge I got all the
way down to the bottom and I forgot it
so I come all the way up and the way
that these hotels are in Vegas they're
like gone with their huge that got
quarter of a mile down to my room
oh no the cleaning ladies this is gonna
be awkward I forgot something
thank you I didn't leave the dirty
underwear over there that wasn't me
okey-dokey I got my lanyard it into the
nerd conference they're going to let me
go look at the electronic devices oh I
call it a nerd conference but really all
the stuff that's down there is amazing
and it's the future there's some really
cool things I'm excited to see so maybe
we can see a few things together if I
see something really cool
Phil McKay these elevators are weird
because you can see your back I never
you know I'm not used to seeing my back
it's weird
that's my back I don't usually see it
that's the back of my head Wow I know it
looked like that it's not a weird thing
to think that's weird because you know
you're always used to seeing other
people's back and what other people's
back sides and the back of the
and to look like but you never see your
own so like to see - like oh that's what
my back looks like but then I compared
to other bats that I've seen it I think
it's pretty good back like my back oh
it's not a sugar day and then oh the
girls would lock those little precious
pretty cupcakes and Mommy tart would
probably chop one of my digits off to
have one of these babies or look at the
fudge the caramel the delicious yogurt
icing no okay fine maybe you're not that
excited about it
I am excited we finally got rid of the
u-haul trailer I've been wanting my van
back for a few days I've been driving
Shea's truck around and if you've ever
seen me drive shades truck around it
looks like this hi guys I'm a little kid
I'm driving this really big truck but
that's cool I can't really see where I'm
going that's cool
I usually need a booster seat let's be
honest I like booster seats if I'm
driving a truck or if I'm on the moms
for you I actually need a booster seat
oh that's funny anyways we got rid of
the u-haul I'm excited it's gone u-haul
was good to us they gave us a
reimbursement for the hotel that we had
to stay in when the tire fell off and
stuff so it's all good what say yay we
did it no no this isn't that corner look
boring I loved it when the tree was
there but then I was sick of the tree
being there and now tree's not there I'm
like oh waiting to do something with
this corner so I'm gonna brainstorm and
I'll let you guys in on whatever I
decide to do with that corner but I
don't know why yet I'm missing shayatin
I love you honey I always miss you when
you're gone but I'm excited for you to
come home I've been watching all his
tweets like his walk off the earth
tweets when he was at the concert
it made me so jealous but excited at the
same time I just wish I was with you
Shane but instead I'm gonna get the
house really clean so that when you come
home you're gonna be super proud okay
and if it doesn't look that clean just
pretend like it does and just like it
okay okay I love you too all right well
it's time to go get the kids from school
and guess what happened he's asleep
which I love I love when he's asleep
it's great that he's napping
but not two minutes before we have to
leave if it always happens to me we're
just gonna have to be really careful on
the stroller to car car to stroller
transfers but now we got to add another
one couch to par from car to stroller
controller to car from car home again
you think I can do it that's true okay
you guys may not believe me but I just
completed a sleeping baby diaper change
then couch to car transfer and so the
first leg of our journey is complete and
I'm feeling really good about myself but
we've got three more transfers to go do
you think I can do it second transfer
complete mission accom I shouldn't go
out too much though I still have two
more to go we're doing good thanks for
all your support guys these are little
mom victories this is what I look
forward to in my day can I keep him
asleep for his nap while we take the
kids because it's not really I love who
needs to sleep but if he falls asleep
and he wakes up right after that he's
honoring the rest of the day you guys
have kids you know what I'm talking
about so we want him to have a good nap
before he wakes up so he's not a little
booger face what'd you do today
oh you did do you think it's in the
lost-and-found let's go look for it that
will be another little victory if we can
find it telling your mom victories we
love them how was your day fun toward
good what you do we learned about in
some sense wait wait what homophones
what's that with their homework I don't
know what a homophone is what is that
hold on pretty sharp we have to find out
what a homophone is I can't believe
mommy won't sound the same spell
different and it means different
different things do you know what you
just said you don't know no you know I
don't know it's true it's true it's
let's meet the hamburger meat and meat
oh okay I know I know what that is I
just know it bro look don't you love
when you're nine year old the smarter
than me
it happens all the time today what did
you learn today you learned about
fractions - wait what
wait
yeah another little victory of our day
your jacket was not stolen or lost high
fives for honest people right yeah
without waking T is to be very gentle
but kind of quick so he doesn't wake up
well the third transfer was not a
success but at least he's not crying so
I'd say that's still a success right you
didn't get a very long now so we'll see
how that goes the rest of the night I'll
keep you posted
you're all making bad decisions choose
the right you're all making bad
decisions all you're gonna lose all your
money and your mortgage payments I'm
gonna get funny looks I'm gonna get
money on some curves I'm actually headed
to a panel right now that the fine
brothers are on and Amy one of my
co-workers from maker studios oh look at
this man it's like a palace what do you
think Mona yeah all right Lisa I'm here
staying at the Venetian and there are
chubby naked kids painted all over the
walls that a boob I think I just seen a
boob honey
I'm staying faithful I love you that's
the only boob I've seen but it's heart
knew that so crazy did you guys know
Michelangelo painted this he totally did
not you gotta respect the grandeur of it
all look at this this is pretty neat
look at this big dome goes up with a
light
it's awesome because what I want to
attention to is new portion of YouTube
and there's an ending Erica miners then
who's in charge of our creator
communication and marketing and stuff
there's youtube.com slash creators and
they're too much information out there
so anyone any creator of any size can
figure out how do I get onto YouTube how
do I become a partner and we do actually
have a section in there that talks about
pensions and in the width of everything
that's been going on and I mean why this
battle is happening and see yes this
year we actually have five learn about
how to sell and become an MC as we do
and what's YouTube stands on all the
stuff so we're very proud that we're
trying to be a lot more centenary the
one thing I wanted to add on what you
said is that not just on the partnership
side but on the product side too you
truly are trying to be equitable to
everyone and what that means is there
were situations without land where
certain partners became some thumbnails
and others couldn't
we are totally taking away any of those
barriers because we
any kind of
but you're talking about rock cards but
your cracker that is right here er with
Betty five at CES the consumer like is
this how we talk radio DJs now of course
we're radio there's Betty Sue and Rafi
back there you guys did a great job on
the panel I'm the only Benny okay Bernie
did I say Benny Benny Bernie but Neeley
whatever anyways we're headed to a u2
party right now we're go grab some food
first I'm not gonna go on yes Matt I was
gonna go down to like check out
electronic stuff but they say it's like
overwhelming and I'm starving so you're
not gonna see any of actual CES
technology gadgets and things but yes my
brother's Benny do it in its hurry okay
she's better Tayna
bro see a brother dance that how
often do you see that who's the best
dancer out of the fine brothers Robby
with the best dancer out of the final
feathers I'm gonna show you one piece we
have to walk through here to get to our
cart look at these these are iPhone
phones you plug your iPhone in I show
this real quick
all right vlog you plug your iPhone in
and then you talk hose I just sorry
I don't break it I don't break it
anyways look look at all these options
these are all phones you plug that you
could have seen these right you plug the
little thing into your iPhone and then
you use your iPhone like a regular phone
neat thanks guys appreciate it they're
looking at me weird so I'm walking
through the Convention Center on the way
to the fine brothers car because they're
gonna take us to the YouTube party
that's happening and I think I just lost
it they go there's a youtube Escalade I
don't know what that's for but that's
pretty interesting how come I didn't get
a youtube Escalade once you hit a
million subscribers do you get a YouTube
Escalade no one that Escalade you do
slash awesome for shame
so I just got done I was at a YouTube
party at the Aria is really pretty
really fancy nice had some sushi giant
jumbo shrimp and crab he's pretty
delicious now I'm headed back to my
hotel I'm staying at the Venetian Palace
here in Las Vegas Nevada it's really
pretty at which Colette was here cuz
it's really romantic it's like the
Italians the gondolas on the river that
I don't know those remind me of like
barber poles but I mean Chloe's actually
wanted to come and ride on these rivers
but we haven't yet
I don't know it sounds bad hi hi I'm
just checking out Sarah Blackwood who is
on walk off the earth she has her own
channel you should subscribe really
talented I did want to give YouTube a
shout out they did give me a present I
was just asking for a YouTube Escalade
but look at this little box that they
gave me look it's so cute has a little
bow wrapped up like a person basically I
got a brand new iPod can't complain
right if there's one thing you are not
gonna catch me do that is complaining
about a free iPod so if you didn't know
YouTube just launched this new YouTube
capture app look what else they gave me
I got a mustache so they sent me this
little card and they sent me a little
note it says hi Shea of you know it's
gonna try to wear this mustache what it
keeps falling off dang mustache you'd
never stick to my face golf darn it
Goldar mustache keeps falling off golf
darn it anyways this was what it says hi
say a few days ago we launched YouTube
capture new iPhone app that makes it
easier to capture and share videos on
the go YouTube capture uploads mobile
videos quickly letting you post a
Google+ Twitter and Facebook faster you
can even add background music and type
hashtags into the post which is very
convenient if you ever try to upload a
video from your iPhone you're one of the
youtubes vlogging pioneers well isn't
that just the sweetest so we wanted to
give you an early chance to show your
fans how a clever creator can share the
world we also hope it empowers and
encourages the shaitaan i'ts which is
you guys to start making their own
voices heard YouTube knows I love you
YouTube it really says that look right
here Shay tard rebellion i'ts that's who
you guys are
right right rebellion I daren't leave so
look in the box it's a shiny new iPod
touch preloaded with YouTube capture you
can also download it to your own iPhone
or iPod device from the App Store
Android and other platforms are still in
development we're also including a
little something for you to use when you
exercise they just know me they know I'm
all about exercise and
it's been watching you want to see those
beautiful Santa Monica beach runs you
always rave about happy shooting
Kathleen Kathleen get over here you
someone give you kisses you Kathleen you
watch all that makes me feel special
like you no one care about me so that's
really cool check out YouTube's new
capture app it really does make
uploading on your iPhone or iPod a lot
easier and of course I'm gonna promote
it because I got me a free iPod it's so
awesome with the whole box and this is
the little thing it's like an armband I
can like run on the beach with isn't
that cool that's cool I don't care who
you are that's pretty dang cool thanks
YouTube I Love You Tube to you I love
you too
stop be sure to check out yesterday's
vlogs the left if you haven't seen it
yet I got to hang out with one of my
favorite bands that I found right here
on YouTube seriously these guys are
talented every member of the band can
play any instrument it's really cool and
you know you're feeling lucky we're in
Vegas baby and your Vegas you better be
feeling lucky click that box to the
right you're gonna have yourself a
little entertainment treat all wrapped
up and ready to go love you guys
we'll see you my man that means tomorrow
in espanol
