it's a sad day my children are you gonna
miss your father yeah you're gonna miss
me yeah rock card you're gonna miss your
daddy no I'm not really dad once you get
out of here you lose your face yeah I'm
going to Las Vegas today you guys gonna
miss me I'm going to the consumer
electronics Fair I don't know why it's
called CES Consumer Electronics Show
maybe that's why the Consumer
Electronics Show I'm gonna consume some
electronics guys I'm gonna eat a lot of
cell phones and other devices today I'm
really hungry that's why I'm going
what's up buddy consumer it's kind of
also mean like people that buy products
of electricity something like that what
are you reading dude dude who has the
world's biggest beard whose daily vlog
the longest is that in there yet I think
that I'll ever be in there one day okay
you guys I expect the best behavior out
of you while I'm gone son tired you're
the man of the house I expect you to
help Mom with the kids you other kids I
expect you to be listening and be on
your best behavior is that an agreement
you guys agree yep say yes Father
I promise I'll behave father
I promise I'll pay the bills while
you're gone father it's probably
negative five degrees in Idaho right now
but I'm wearing flip-flops to drop the
kids off at school yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah take that cold weather
what do you see rock face yeah yeah yeah
daddy's gonna go on an airplane tell him
what your ass tell him what rock hard
was saying earlier to you I told him we
got to go to the airport we gotta take
daddy to go on the airplane he goes I
can't go on an airplane
I don't go on airplane okay
so I'm headed to CES the Consumer
Electronics Show in Las Vegas
I got a few meetings with I'm gonna hang
out with the guys from swivel I'm gonna
hang out with the fine brothers I think
are there and Sarah Evershed and I just
seen her sister and some other tubers oh
I'm gonna go
the main reason really why I'm going is
because Jionni the lead singer of walk
off the earth
emailed me and asked me to come to a
show tonight so I'm going to a walk off
the earth the concert tonight and I am
super excited and I'm super jelly
oh I'll film some for a bit I'll send
you a little I'll take I'll make an
iPhone video Oh what era in my own
videos we gotta get daddy on the plane
we'll be back all right goodbyes are
always the hardest when it's with the
ones you love I love you little boy
can't be good for your mommy Kay give me
kisses
kisses thank you I'm not leaving them
kiss me kiss mommy good boy okay if
you're the Shaytards we have a little
special a tradition every time you get
in the airplane you have to forelock
touch the outside of the airplane for a
lucky play it always works it worked for
me every time I've ever flown over been
enough a crash think about it
another tradition usually put a quarter
inside there's no date how many of you
found a quarter inside of an airplane
ashtray oh no no I haven't even but I've
poked probably four or five in that's a
tradition leaves it the quarters in the
ashtray because you know you not
supposed to smoke but there's an ashtray
it's a weird you know what every woman
was in a while has those days where she
doesn't want to wear makeup and she
doesn't want to do her hair well I've
had to and you know what it feels good
sometimes it's just like oh who cares no
I'm not gonna do what I refuse and it's
sort of freeing what I'm sure tomorrow
I'll be like okay I need to do something
with myself hello but anyways yes the
tree is still up no judge it's still up
by the end of this day however it will
not be up that's my goal
trees coming down what is it today
January 9th or something like that yeah
it's time okay Rach guys let's go get
the kids
I'm going to get the kids from school
and eventually I'll get this house
cleaned but now right now oh that is
yours no I think that's your sisters but
you can play with it show us what it
does yes light that is your light mine
it's the one okay you guys like I told
you yesterday I'm trying to get back
into shape so I have to be help me out
here in the Vegas Airport and I'm gonna
get some nuts and fresh dried banana
he cards and all men's got some cash out
before I left look at this this is a
1990 $50 bill 23 years old the $50 bills
been chilling in America for 23 years is
mr. grant older than you guys huh
anybody younger than 23 this piece of
paper is older than a lot of you it's
not weird
yes Jay if you think about it like that
it is pretty weird but all on black for
me I always hated dodgeball because I
always got out first or I would be like
scared so I'd hang out in the back and
then I would be the last one out when
they all like just tagged you with the
balls if some really horrifying memories
of dodgeball it's super interesting to
watch these kids play because a lot of
them no I swear it they'll know she can
catch you I don't see him catch it's
like they're all trying to stay in the
game but they're learning they're
learning the hard way that you don't
cheat even in dodgeball is this little
girl playing over here
what is this game what is this game
called baby bungy boy what is that what
don't drag him what is this game baby
bungee all right what did you even get
that okay maybe she could teach you the
real way to use it don't wrap it in your
neck
no no no no no no that's scary don't do
that all right baby bungees
I'm not even exaggerating this is
probably the biggest line I have ever
been in in my entire life for anything
and it's to get a taxi check this out
this line goes down back down back and
down like four times probably gonna be
walking back and forth between these
hundred fifty yards for the next 45
minutes to an hour
here we are in the luxurious suite Las
Vegas with your very own lounge chair in
case what lounge get TV beds and come
downstairs to my patio curtains please
open thank you thank you thank you very
much I would like to see a full view of
the Las Vegas Strip if you please that's
not quite the full view that I was
expecting please open the shutters thank
you thank you thank you very much yes
just bring them up out with a full clear
view out the window if I may thank you
very much
this room is pretty nice pretty cool
thanks maker studios alright so here I
am in Las Vegas gonna meet some people
tonight and gonna meet Brian and Vlad
from Swivl if you guys haven't heard
swivel is all new they've beefed up the
swivel so now can hold a DSLR camera
like a full big sized camera and an iPad
on it so I'm gonna meet with those guys
and we're gonna go to the show tonight
we're gonna go see walk up the earth
it's dinnertime and it smells daddy's
not here where did daddy go on the
airplane yep that's right
hey retard be sad dad's not here oh yes
well at least we got the nice dishes out
princess try to set the table for us and
I realized that we don't use these
dishes very often because some of them
are broken so I don't have a full set it
looks beautiful
Thank You princess hard center that was
all today dodgeball you got the broken
one I know one of them has a chip on it
you can eat a chip on bail
sorry we're eating out of you we love
you honey we wish you were here eating
oh I didn't even tell you what we're
eating we're having vegetable soup with
noodles and lots of vegetables and then
salad but and it's hot and awesome what
yeah that's a wreath yep it's not
Christmas anymore yeah I know I know all
right you're such a stinker you know
you're gonna have to clean that all up
in a minute yeah
maybe you've seen this setup before on
youtube.com the beardy guys
ah
guys this is behind the scenes of the
number one most viewed video on YouTube
open Gotham style by psy we're at the
Google party right now and they have
this plan here in this lounge these are
the behind the scenes you've never seen
from the making of the most viewed video
of all time this is insane is this out I
don't know here I've never heard that
this is available maybe I'm behind
this is the hot tub scene
horses is anybody seen this I've never
seen this before and then and then and
then I got my picture taken with the
band because they were so awesome and
they played so well and then and then I
got to meet Jionni and Sarah and we got
to talk about YouTube and music and life
and about Canada and about America and
about all these exciting things that are
to come in our future and I saw such a
great night I had a blast are you here
are there people watching this oh sorry
that was a little personal moment I just
had don't forget to thumbs up favorite
like and comment and spit on this video
what that is disgusting wipe off your
computer screen you're discussing
perverts love you guys I am in Vegas for
another day or two if I see you at CES
please come up and kiss me on the
forehead don't kiss me on the navel what
this is getting weird I gotta go okay
I'm in my hotel room editing this all by
myself this is weird
I love are all housekeeping lemme log on
editing
