I only have the utmost respect for our
residents I didn't throw nothing little
head shaker when did you become a 40
year old black woman all righty first
day of mission get in the best shape of
my life begins today I have not been
eating properly it's the holidays man
let's get this party started right let's
get this exercises started quickly back
on the beach I'm excited I have been
very pumped to get back out here and run
I have eaten like a Fandango I need to
get back on the saddle everybody I don't
know if you've been able to tell but
I've been getting a little bit of a
belly
I've chunky DUP as they say it's all
right though it's the holidays it's to
be expected I enjoyed myself we had a
good three weeks in Idaho
eating everything in sight but now I'm
gonna really get back to focusing on
fruits and vegetables whole grains
drinking lots of water and feeling
healthy again I miss that feeling of
power and of energy it's a very real
difference I can tell when I don't stuff
myself and have pop and candy and all
that stuff I have more energy and I feel
better I can think better I'm on more of
like an even plane feel and I don't have
these ups and downs and it's just like I
can focus and get back into shape so
here we are on the plains of Venice
Beach I'm gonna be running the beach
today I'm pumped up to get going hey
rock and roll Neos we're gonna go get
the kids yeah let's go get the kids
her first day back so it's the kids
first day back from school from the
break they had 23 days off of school
isn't that crazy and that wasn't us
taking them out of school they have that
much time off in school I think it's
awesome
but now we're all a little bit like wait
we have to wake up at what time in the
morning but it's exciting let's go see
how it went did you find one rock track
on a stick punch is it running all the
big sticks on the road and one broke and
it was traumatic but we found the other
one yeah get it get that dream
get it oh good job I think you got it
let's go get the kids
hmm little stick man you're adorable
get them all you got to get them all
don't let any of them get away
there you go we missed you guys how was
your first day back
well I got a new library book Book of
World Records to 2008 tapas fish
sales and fish oh cool I didn't know
that world slows fish seahorse cool I'm
looking on the other one when I was
granny huh I'm rock-hard dead she yelled
you high up for you like if you want
some oh let's see oh that's cute I never
noticed that
okay all right hop on have a great time
in detail all right are you ready no
everyone good oh you like it 1 2 does
this mean we play together oh this is
not safe Gabe aah
how was your first day of school good
good what happened anything exciting you
do have any teacher don't you
you've had three teachers this year you
know what that just makes you more
experienced did you like her did you
learn anything new for work you learned
how to pick our noise our teaching
kitchen okay let's go we could not leave
the school before showing you guys how
adorable
permit look drop cards found it right
away and he immediately wanted to watch
his hands in this tiny little seat you
got Wales and a tiny little bar you go
there next to that so it didn't see how
small it is see is even too too small
for you look how tiny that was I
wouldn't let it go peep that's an
adorable little bathroom so check out
these are the self-portraits of the kids
these are so cute and this one is our
little baby card look at her cute
necklace oh yeah that's me that's you I
love it it's so cute nope that's not you
yeah this one do you have cute little
earrings we have earrings and the
necklace and what's that right there
some little flower things that the
flower right there yeah tulip flowers
love it okay let's go home come and see
daddy okay that was harder than I am
used to man it's been definitely three
weeks inside Iran you know how sometimes
you hit that second one you kind of get
in a groove when you're running it
didn't happen for me on that run a
little bit at Mile for all the way up to
mile for I was like all the sucks it's
hurts it's cold out here
oh my ankle hurts oh oh and then a mile
for like the Sun came out and I felt
pretty good but still man I'm definitely
out of shape that three-week Christmas
vacation definitely took its toll on me
I got a push hard and get it back to
where I was that's a good thing about
being in shape beforehand is it's not
too hard to get back you have that
muscle memory and your body like goes
back pretty quick hi mr. treadmill would
you like to get out of the trailer now
because I want you to okay sand hard and
I are here by ourselves at casing
Haley's house we are determined for load
this trailer by ourselves right
yes for York that's what I'm sorry
anyways Shea has been busy he's been
working and he's working tonight but I
swings just to get this trailer and
loaded the only time that show has
available is tomorrow morning but I like
this I'm like I want my car back so I'm
going to get rid of this trailer it's
not I love you trailer but I want you to
die okay okay anyways so I'm going to
use sun card to get the street yeah
Buddha has wheel so I'm figured once we
get it down here be able to wheel it in
most of the way until we hit a bump in
them toe we didn't use his muscles to
help me lift it anyways we'll see what
happens okay okay and says we don't have
a third camera person I don't really
know where to put you guys so do you
want to ride right here on the treadmill
you think that's the safe option are you
guys okay it looks like I'm gonna
what I thought I've been a whale it
right here and now you're getting it
you're gonna do you're gonna carry you
on the other end what do I happen just
sort of speed it that way while I lift
it up off my train okay cuz I'm really
booked
no you have to lift down there just lift
a little you don't go with the tongue
lifts and your legs legs legs legs
remember we talked about legs there you
go
this is a good learning experience guys
lift with your legs no with your back
well you're going to hurt yourself okay
don't do it yeah go go go Oh got it got
it okay okay now we're gonna really miss
we're making salad and the kids are
singing yes that's other ones tomatoes
okay what are we looking at my job oh
it's so beautiful can you sing us your
song in that dress
lovely rock part can you sing it take
trouble trouble no he's embarrassed she
was singing it he was singing it's just
like Taylor Swift and it was adorable oh
it's in the salad let's toss it the
salad toss it in the salad oh that's how
we call it a tossed salad you just toss
whatever you wanted it oh my crown nice
dance to go along with it good job good
job
employer would have lots of lycopene in
our dinner tonight
what oh they're beautiful don't lose
them at the ball okay okay are you in
trouble yeah rock hard are you in
trouble
no can you say trouble trouble it was
about to sing it sake sure are you in
trouble I'm in trouble
his trouble troubles day say how many of
you is little Kevin
eight hours trying to get your pitch to
say something I gotta be in the right
mood true trouble nothing but rock guard
are you in trouble are you in trouble
you kind of stop my handsome a toe is
sweet him to sing it
hey dude are you in trouble okay try it
okay you're the man of the man of the
dinner table how does it feel
shield your Thai food he's cars oh yeah
he's very passionate about car food rawr
are those cars yeah cars got those for
Christmas huh ok I'm tired yeah okay
Shay I'm sorry
just this out if you don't like it okay
okay we're having pasta with Oscars our
pasta and salad just a simple dinner
today and she is out of dinner with Cory
my del tonight so he's not with us let's
see who wants to pray I think I saw your
hand shoot up that was the most revered
prayer I have ever heard
okay let's go eat crazy okay you can say
the prayer hold on every will - I saw
everyone's Reverend Reverend okay
Heavenly Father thank you for this day
even as all be nice is over another and
we'll leave the Book of Mormon in the
Bible and just cuz amen amen amen
all right let's see in the case yeah
thank you
what song are you singing I know you
don't know just like trouble trouble
trouble
Oh Scrabble
that's trouble is my feet your face
melon you I can feel your breath on my
toes that's more like feet yeah smell um
what you reading there sudden tears well
mr. reader face aren't you sad I'm not
interrupting just don't don't don't mind
me don't mind me but I'm not here keep
reading keep reading I think you know
that's not your nose yeah lie to me
you're gonna pick one no it's okay are
you reading a dragon breath lair of the
bad monster scary oh how was your day it
was good
did you hear that I lifted really heavy
treadmill into the center did you film
it yeah you did we found what we could
with - oh you're so camera people Casey
and Caylee owe you guys big time
whose homework is this what time is it
noon 67 - 512 m II saw three crows nine
wrens and six blue jays how many birds
did she see 18 good I'm craving sugar
like big-time every meal I know every
meal that we had on Christmas break in
Idaho is like we had something's like
okay what do we have in tonight isn't
pies a brownie what is it candy so it's
like after every meal now it's like I'm
craving sugar so I'm gonna have a bowl
of raising brand with some cherries in
it this is like my sugar substitute have
some almond milk in there it's not bad
actually I really like it it's just not
as good as maybe licorice and skittles
wanna bite what are you planning on
there dude you got your phone who's on
the phone
who's calling hurry pick it up it might
be an emergency answer it
say hello this is Rock tardes answering
service how may I help you hello
hey no how may I help you have you what
you ordered a pizza ten minutes ago
yeah you better deliver it hey five okay
shut the shut some jockey box now drive
away into the sunset hurry Go Go Go Go
Go Go Daddy dude Fred Flintstone has
nothing on your leg power I love you you
know right all your loss of cherry bro
that's the best part
fit that up and eat it eat it eat it
yeah that's right don't use your hand
just suck it off the table do that again
I wanna try something hi
here have fun okay that weird
hey yummy it's good cereal huh come on
no today we're getting your butt kicked
there he goes out the middle
oh he breaks a tackle oh he pushes up to
the three yard line anybody watching
this slaughtering going on for the
national championship game
oh it's kind of rough on the old Notre
Dame Fighting Irish it's 42 to 7 right
now and there's eight minutes left I'm a
Notre Dame fan because I love the movie
Rudy and I always thought it was
interesting that their helmets were gold
there's like real gold on the helmets
right is that still a thing
guess the tides rolling tonight okay
here comes a jet man
hey yummy say thanks dad say I love you
dad Shyu $100 dad okay pay up sucker hey
what are you doing baby tizzle what are
you guys doing sorry I regret to inform
you that there's no ball in the house
you guys didn't hear that rule there's
no ball you can't play ball in the house
mom doesn't allow it
unless you're as cute as you guys are
oh crap here she comes which comes how
many times have you seen us play ball
never kidding me I never throw anything
in this house I only have the utmost
respect for our residents I didn't throw
nothing little head shaker when did you
become a 40 year old black woman are we
allow this attitude to exist okay let's
see you guys is throwing the ball let's
see let's see how pressure no boys
allowed in this game you sounded really
surprised that she thought that
I am surprised hey they're my kids if
they can catch is definitely coming from
you not for me okay let's see it come
here let me see those hats bring those
hats here yeah right work do you ever
wear you got those hats from Jackson
yeah yeah that's right
oh that was a Whizzer fastball down the
pike rock tide you want to play some
catch rock card hey wanna play catch
yeah
so I'm just watching dad so I'm a
cupcake on your hat sorry cupcake son
tart you should go get a bat and you can
like bat and they'll pitch it to you
excuse me that was rude
oh that is disgusting despicable
behavior and there is no excuse for
those lack of manners young man you are
grounded two thumbs eat up every
Shaytards video for the next 365 days
what okay I'll make a video for the next
365 days why sure you're not gonna quit
the plugs never as long as your thumbs
am up and watch Oh we'll continue them
forever you could never get rid of us we
are going to be in your lives forever
seriously though we please thumbs it up
kay thanks see you tomorrow
ah Bo seriously I'm under your bed right
now
