maybe just high five or something a man
we slap on the back or something hi guys
we're doing a limbo thing and ready
ministry and it's so like whoo I like
this I think can't really see your
friend no wonder it's the strings inside
you go watch me okay jump over it whoa
oh you taped that chair there I get it
where's your mother at that's your
mother that's mother Santa Claus got it
all right
there's the aftermath so we got here
late last night yeah in the morning and
we were lucky enough to bring everything
inside I was so grateful for all the
kids for waking up and helping us hang
everything inside I hate doing this
after what what show me I know it's
still up yeah as popcorn and kids and
that's pretty much it huh tree yes we
still have our Christmas trip but we
just got back today so we will in time
get everything cleaned up and the tree
down one thing at a time
I'm so tired did you find your spire
man suit you look so cool show us your
little shooter thing I'm gonna shoot
something shoot a web shoot your web
this is the one gun like the toy gun
that he can actually shoot good job good
job and we're learning that you don't
shoot your sisters or your brothers so
that's not nice but you can shoot the
walls
show us again oh no hurry
should the copter man something where
that thing is alright shoot it dude
spider-man's quick did you hear he came
into my room and I was editing he had a
suit on he grabbed my face oh goodness
mom's not ready that's not can you touch
that can you touch this man okay touch
it one two three jump you touch it okay
you intend to say ready one two Joe Joe
oh okay the other space okay see that
little chain hanging down oh hey
horrible idea three oh my goodness
good time rock guard Thank You help and
make this all done yeah thank you
we forgot to cut up those ones should we
just leave them in there
yeah okay you stir it up kay thank you
little salsa man you're so helpful but
you listen to baby tard you don't know
this is walk off the earth way villains
need to walk off the earth for a while
you know how you get stuck into YouTube
for texts and you just start watching
the video at the video after video is
you guys know what I am trying to talk
to people on YouTube Li's IMX it's I'm
napping
what do you didn't know you're not gonna
stop reading the computer computer just
has so much to say there's so much
information you're in but I've been
reading all the comments from today's
vlog about how they very first found the
Shaytards what their first video was and
it's interesting to read the different
videos because like one just said my
first video was called damn fish
remember we went fishing in that really
big fish I remember making the thumbnail
that's over two years ago yeah I
remember making the thumbnail for that
because I remember the giant fish that
kid caught was a rainbow trout and
usually I'll bring up the saturation on
a thumbnail so has bright colors and I
remember thinking oh that fish is really
colorful when I bring up the saturation
so this person who just commented and
said damn fish was their first video I
remember bringing up the saturation on
that fuck now
that's crazy
give me one more kisses that's right
tell daddy how you made solve yes Elsa
I'll be kids to wipe it off that's
enough you know leave a comment below if
you didn't on yesterday's vlog how did
yours the first Shaytards video that you
started watching let me know I wanna
know it's time for dinner
and what was your first impression of us
where we weirdos you know I think that
there are a lot of instances where
before like annoyed by us at the very
first like was it I don't get it oh
you're addicted you can't I love this
computer one yeah I've done a couple
years of vlogs on this baby yeah it's
probably getting close but it's okay no
then one for sure all right so we are
back in California this is our first
family dinner we haven't had a family
dinner upset like while we sat down for
a while I guess we did with Grandma and
Grandpa like our Christmas dinner but
mostly that's like buffet style or were
out to dinner but it's good to be back
around the table back in the family
again Hart are you on your laptop you
better get off your laptop finish that
email and get off that laptop right now
young lady
what is that is that your homemade
laptop and say okay we have freshly made
salsa we're having tacos and a giant
delicious salad with tomatoes how many
times in the blog they've seen us have
this exact same bill cuz I make it a lot
it's good though this is really healthy
green tomatoes tortillas rock face you
have a chip oh yeah chomping drop that
shit the blink truck that's how
spider-man does it
it's pretty ingenuitive of you princess
tarde I see what you're doing here and
get your little laptop what are you
working on well what's your video about
anyone should help having that trick
it's about our trip do a quick copy my
videos bro you should do a tutorial I'm
gonna do a makeup tutorial do you know
what a tutorial is yes like you had you
show people how to do things do you know
how to do something that nobody else
knows how to do and you can show people
on the internet how to do it we'll work
on something rock cards professional
chip eater I first tasted your fresh
salsa baby this looks really good Wow
chopped all it up I like how chunky it
is that is healthy that's a good way to
get a lot of vegetables in your diet no
36 seconds I mean a microwave I'm
cooking my taco I've got spicy stuff to
eat up here I'm on a schedule I'm on a
tight schedule do not still his mask
my talk was done yeah you can be those
kisses all right put your mask on no I
can do it I don't need anybody's help
okay you would take that oh I'm mad okay
help me no I don't need your help
got this so I don't like the mask
anyways I'm not incognito anymore I'm
have a dinner nobody look at it oh I'm
just gonna use it to wipe off this
dishwasher soo who make this mess who's
been messing up the dishwasher oh you
probably you
please hold I can't figure this mask out
nobody can figure it out do you wanna
get out it was screaming what are you
playing home skillet
oh did you get this for Christmas you're
playing with one of your Christmas toys
that means you do love us
what is this Lego what do you have to do
go build stuff shoot fire act like a
little king with a stick and run around
there's a pink cloud some circles weird
devil worshipping orbs things like that
yeah so funny oh that's yeah yeah just
sucks on you got your socks on you got
your Argyle sock song like a song song
song song
so Tom I got the soap so I got my song
so because you got to be able to see the
Argyle nice I feel like I'm watching
Chicago right now I am doing a concert
get out of here say yeah what's your big
problem yeah what give it welcome
mostly I'll tell you four of my main
problems and their names start with Sun
Tarpon to start babies harder and rock
hard I can get that look forward to it
Oh Livie dad oh my god do you want to
fight about it I'm fine I think you're
good you know who will win a know a
alright if you eat this entire dustpan
of stuff off the ground I will fight you
start by eating all of this you know you
got a lot of roses were those by the way
the girls Eve baby you didn't know honey
I got these for you for anniversary ten
years they still smell good
leaves all over the ground
alright argyle socks
you better get vacuuming now know that
you've done the sweeping you better get
vacuuming for discharge
tell them here we go they have thorns
Hey oh that's why we're singing every
rose has its thorn reminded me of when
we got those is for the girls little
gymnastics recital right were you gonna
start thinking that yeah cuz I did when
you first got them in the van because I
remember editing it I'm everything you
know here Shane goes we're gonna go into
his little bon jovi your end is that Bon
Jovi no Guns N Roses that was a rock and
roll trivia for everybody who didn't
know
let's see who's right every cowboy sings
a sad sad song I just watch it's still
pretty look at the good luck with that
one
they return for sorry you're performing
the ceremony
yes I take this to be my wife I don't
know this was part of the ceremony a man
we slap on the back okay we gotta go
no more rosebuds to beat on head you see
tomorrow just like every cowboy likes to
thumbs this beauty your wool hey guys
welcome back to California we're excited
to be back the kids went back to school
today it's their first day back contrary
to some of your beliefs they did not
miss any school here in California they
have like a three-week Christmas break
so we took advantage of every second we
had a sincere thank you for everybody
who has found us no matter how you found
us when or where we appreciate you that
you're here and that you're watching our
videos and being a part of our life if
you still want a 2013 Shaytards calendar
they will be available to the end of
January ok choose your calendar yeah
what do you choose ever calendar ok give
me kisses we'll see you guys tomorrow
yeah
