okay what's going on here's the
situation we got up this morning we went
to the new u-haul place we switched out
all of our stuff out of the old trailer
which was sitting there with one wheel
it took this new trailer and he was
really slippery inside of it yeah the
inside of the trailer was so slippery
because we had snow all of our feet Rock
tire is eating his penny Pringles as he
can stuff in his mouth at one time it
was good dude
sour cream it on your face yeah you kind
of about an entire and cat in your mouth
cheer those up buddy
now we're back on the roads good look at
this Tundra man it is
all right so we're trying to make it to
Vegas
mommy Turner's driving so that I can
edit the vlog got my editing stuff going
on right now
oh yeah and we're trying to make it to
Planet Hollywood because they have a
really fast internet last time we stayed
for last time we went there we ate lunch
there and we have loaded the video
really fast so that's our mole so we're
trying to get to Vegas as fast and get
the vlog up hopefully I'll be up by like
seven o'clock tonight it's gonna be a
late one but you guys already know that
because that's in the past
anyways I'm sitting here editing us
stuck on the side of the road which
you've already seen right watch
yesterday's vlog right go thumbs it up
right right
okay guys Mike's uh yeah it's 252 in the
morning honey
come here I'm kind of nervous because
the last time we came home from Idaho at
3:30 in the morning there was an
earthquake so I'm like a little scared
that it's like tradition that when we
get home there's an earthquake I don't
want there to be an earthquake yeah
how's it feel being home let's see grand
entrance yes darling please come here
and speak to me yeah I've been seeing
that Taylor Swift song all day troubling
shame on you you don't know the rest on
the side yeah we were Oh trouble trouble
trouble but really I like this song
singing Taylor Swift songs we're singing
no no Taylor does a great job don't if
you love Taylor Swift don't hate us we
love to walk off the earth is amazing if
you don't know who they are check him
out there's below really good so I was
just yelling at Colette sure
so yeah home it's a long drive we made
it
what a dealio it was oh my goodness we
had it was a dilly oh no we shouldn't
okay okay there's one I'll just say this
one of our children had a bowel issue
and it was a very messy situation and to
protect them and not to embarrass them
later in life we're not gonna say who
and then I'm sure the speculation will
go crazy in the comments it was not Sun
tarred because anyway anyway one of
those things because anyways anyways
anyways anyways let me just talk
neighbors like here's what I was saying
I was just looking at our subscribers
cuz I like to do that sometimes we have
1 million 18,000 subscribers which to me
is insane we hit a million subscribers
just the other day you guys remember
we're at klutz parents house remember
and we were sitting here waiting until
that hit a million because we were
trying to be the millionth subscriber
with Colette's dad's account well I was
just looking at it and we're at a
million 18 who are these 18,000 people
who are you we did 18,000 people that's
a stadium where did 18 what did you just
hit me right with knows with that okay
music me in the eye with that you're
gonna poke somebody's eye out with that
Rudolph no no
so that's my question oh you know one
reason or one place that I think it came
from is a lot of you tell me what how
did you find out about the Shaytards but
we I was just recently in kids re are
not kids react you two years or yeah
yeah the fine brothers on youtubers
react we're youtubers react to viral
videos but I've noticed that our
subscribers have jumped up a lot since
that if you haven't seen that by the way
I'll leave a link for it at the end of
this video
are we in don't want to take Sunday
tomorrow I usually don't film on
Saturday if you hit me with so let us
know where you came from thank you for
subscribing we love you and we're glad
that you've been here that's weird
we are excited to show you lots of more
fun Shaytards I think listen the vlogs I
know a lot of you like go the vlogs
gonna suck now that back to your back
cannoli okay I'm gonna do it why do you
talk like that first of all that's weird
second vlogs are gonna be good because
I'm editing them I'm gonna make sure
they're good me help I'm gonna make the
vlog better watch it will be sad because
Carly and my family and my mom and dad I
won't be in them because they're awesome
that's so much better we should turn
that on minutes ago yes anyways thank
you guys for being a part of our lives
for subscribing go check out youtubers
react I'll leave a link here at the very
end and then maybe I'll throw in a
little Sunday club should we do that or
should we just put this up cuz one takes
Sunday I don't know okay see you guys
love you bye up on that so I I'll figure
out tomorrow I don't know I'll put this
together
how much fudge do we have I feel loopy I
feel it's late loopy yeah I have a
confession I had two 5-hour energy
drinks we don't have any we never never
a little bit like never I never
I'm for Klump I never never and here's
no gonna happen I'm making my book I'm
gonna go sit in a hot bath I'm gonna sit
in the hot bath time to read my book and
then slowly I'll fall asleep maybe I'll
have a hot cup of buttermilk while I
take a nap in the bathtub okay
no never never say never love you boobs
see you guys tomorrow
wait che wait in editing I just
remembered I have some video clips of
when I went to film youtubers react
where I stole Shane Dawson's phone and
saw Harley from Epic Meal Time CheY CheY
and editing put that footage in the
video shake she'd do it okay sure
I'll do it Shane no seriously put it
right now okay I'm doing I'm at right
now Cairo let go you look like a wuss
without a beard hey you guys okay so I'm
right here yes recognizes my music fine
brothers productions this is the react
wall this is where they do kids react
wait is this where this kids react oh
yeah
kids react teens react so this is all
the signatures of all the kids there
Sydney all the kids from kids react and
all the teens from teen react and then
this is youtubers react shaycarl skeered
eyebrow fine bro yeah get it
there's Anthony from Smosh iJustine
Blair Oh juicy star Joe Penna is that
mystery guitar man
beside the wall so what you look who
left their cellphone out in the waiting
room on the couch Shane Dawson you
shouldn't leave your phone just sitting
around dude so I just looked there
shades of cat this is Shane Dawson
cellphone
who wants Shane Dawson's cell phone
number I'll give it to you right now if
you can call it just give you that would
be bad but I just tweeted something on
his Twitter account from his phone I
just tweeted a picture of me let's see
here right I'll grab my Fido okay check
it out Shane Dawson just tweeted this
picture wait come on come on hurry okay
so I just wrapped here on youtubers
react
there's the bros they so fine they so
fine this is has anybody ever seen not
believe this can you can I show that
okay yeah if you guys are kids reacts
fans this is it this is they do it all
in the same place there's the boys
here's the girls is that the elders are
that the teens do you think you're right
this is the alga dub this is the elders
this is the teens it's literally just
it's kind of even it's just kind of a
small room it's
and dungeon it's like a jail cell it's
like 10 by 10 in here I think this is
they make it look ages you like you
don't need much to show successful but
later and so fit use what you have most
that event yeah this is a tiny tiny room
and the fine brothers are hugely
successful because the hilarious so I we
just I basically just watched a bunch of
viral clips and then they just got my
genuine reaction out of it there's no
script nothing like that it's like
really how I felt as I watch the videos
so check it out youtubers react Shane
Dawson I just seen who else is in Faison
days coming in mosh mosh you'll see it
it's live right now link below you go
watch it okay bye well some biking what
up by can drop we're gonna eat now
morning fat I'm gonna make fat again
funny I'll be funny once again not used
to smoke good epicMealTime it's awkward
easy oh man well not gonna show they're
gonna be on youtubers react to check it
out oh I might need that money thanks
Isaac whose is that
