I'm logged in here it's birthday
pedicure time I love your scarf very
loved her scarf yeah I got my greedy
dream to be Carly had a crazy drug dream
that makes me so awesome I know I had to
bring it up my dream that she was my
high school teacher and I will fight for
some reason being my dad did this pill
or something it was a dream it was a
dream about the pills that Logan has to
take for his medication or his like his
tooth
you guys know come on we don't all do
pills but with you've ever had your
wisdom teeth out and you've had to take
painkillers it's weird and it makes you
have weird to dream she was remembering
that is one time we had a big pickle
head above the bathroom yeah in a
restaurant cuz she took pills and she's
a lightweight I remember because I took
two hydrocodone or like a root canal
that I was getting and I don't do
painkillers very well and Carly had to
pick me up I was like gonna throw up and
I was going out on the restaurant and
I'm like don't worry I'm not drunk I
just did pills drugs I just did drugs
yeah it didn't sound very good but it
all was is to hide record oh but don't
do hide record on guys it'll make you
crazy or do with it ephram's about
it's crazy - Phil I just think is here I
thought I was late he was talking about
it thinking about why he and I was doing
a my drink so we're just hitting our
toenails done and I am so addicted to
this color
I've had this color on for a month and
guess what color I picked out yeah I'm
doing it again but this time we're gonna
do the sparkles - so sparkles and pink
totally changing up my life guys I'm
adding the sparkles don't judge okay out
of my Sparkle blood particles I'm doing
the pink is a little bit different but I
still like pink I'm addicted I'm like a
Barbie girl how do you like your toes
love our toes I love it it's like a dark
purple leave for the day right right you
have to walk around and look we're under
the ocean to the sea yeah take it car to
charity shoes shake you know all the
words sing it baby down where it's
wetter take it from me okay for your
mom's birthday she's gonna carry you out
to the car cuz you don't bring any flips
mom are you sure happy birthday mom I
don't blame you I wouldn't want to walk
in that that's cool Carly yeah okay guys
just for a minute I love you little
blamer
it's cold out here so I'm just out
running some errands before we leave
today Shay's at home with the kids
packing up the trailer I bought some
pants here at Walmart and they're cute
look how cute they are
they're mint green with silver flecks so
cute I was like I gotta get those pants
but I didn't try them on and guess what
I bought them too small
oh there's nothing like slapping
yourself in the bass by buying clothes
that are too small for you it's like oh
look I'm just kidding I'm gonna buy this
and then you dry him on I'm like I can't
even get him past my hips come on ladies
have you ever done that before
yeah well I just did so I'm bringing
them back then we're gonna head out
we're going to California tonight well
we really won't make it there tonight
but we're headed out tonight who you
telling to get out of the way what are
you doing dude bear with your guy yeah
Oh daddy that's daddy you're right that
is daddy did you check out that video I
told you guys about that's funny he
found that and he said dad that's cuz
we've watched that WWE verse UFC video
million times remembers you remember
that buddy my pedicure today happy
birthday pedicure so pretty I need to
change these shoes cuz it's like 11
degrees out there we doing low blow
chillin skating ski-doo Donnie the
darkness your skateboard is pretty sweet
tell her you love her
meet my Amazon tonight love you oh sorry
I really want to buy it
grandma's a nice grandma Grandma and
Grandpa are going to jack reacher and
we're leaving what I was gonna ask a
bible question I want ten things about
was it Abraham that wasn't about me were
having travela than I was that day we
had a bunch of fun and the Lord adds to
sacrifice his only son he's like but I
thought he got his hand me Prima I was
like this is a 2012 he did not mean as
many forget somebody in the Bible
there's a lot going on in the Bible you
like it it was just like she couldn't
have a baby no
are you learning about the monitor I
need to do the reddleman
why why you want to be funny for you is
gonna know VK pay attention the first
ten minutes jack reacher you got to pay
attention closely no party are you going
to jack reacher yes have fun
what what are we going to go to moving
man thanks quit staring at my butt in
these jeans dude alright little weird
one thing I'm not gonna miss is the
negative 4 degrees that it is here
literally right now it is negative 4
degrees this biting biting cold it's
almost painful you know when you get in
your car it's like huh oh that hurts bad
filling up on gas you got a trailer
we're gonna go pick up Casey's treadmill
and then about 800 freakin Christmas
presents in there which means when I get
back to LA I'm throwing away any toys
that I see laying around on the ground
that I step on that are in the hallway
they're in the kitchen they get left
around I'm throwing the trash cuz they
had a whole new stack of them hello I'm
calling his dad to leave my mommy and my
daddy no he's my mommy and dad I was fun
it's a fun yeah we're headed back to
California you know there is actually
one thing that I am genuinely excited to
go back for is to go running on the
beach yeah right in the sand I'm excited
for warmth it is warm where you can just
go out with a t-shirt and shorts and go
running on the beach right now
Oh reason though it's so cool it's
supposed to be negative for tonight so
I'm glad we're ditching town now out of
here right now are you talking about
freeze it read it to you Todd and get
kissing Kellie's treadmill I earned it
hold
you're in the store buying trail mix
I've logged outside left a trail back
yeah okay fine on your own
she takes a 180 turn I'll see it come
here buddy come here come look at it
come on come say hi okay see get it what
is it Casey look what we brought for you
your special little friend that you shot
and ate check that out how beautiful is
it those are thick they're a lot thicker
than I thought
it's like beefy he was up he is reduced
yeah oh dude I got my sweater on you
know I don't like to talk to envelope
why have my sweater on that cool put it
on your head gauge where like you're the
antelope Oh scary
hello with the booster you freaking me
out guys seriously let me just talk
about this for a sec what is it what is
it hey back off batty back up back up I
told you I'm I swear on who touch with
the antelope I left my sweater on Jason
with it gage when I came in here Bronx
was up on the counter or trying to sniff
it right good job guys
like you guys don't understood why I see
bad you wanted to work out before you
moved in didn't know you were you wanted
to work out where's my mommy
okay babe I don't know we're backing it
up baby okay oh there we go
dude I'm sorry you guys are doing bed
that's a good work enjoy the cold
weather see you later
Kaley wasn't that hungry so she just got
one taco for dinner taco you should just
have the one taco she's gotta take a
bite it out I wanna see you take a bite
of that hey Lisa monster charcoal
wrapped in it ever might do that
Saturday Night Live skit what it's like
wrapped in the DiGiorno's pizza Tipton
River and like I keep putting stuff on
and it on it yeah I think it's huge
Rock Tower give her kisses don't be shy
dude girls are like when you kisses kiss
oh five good job you want a prize now
because you got a kiss do the kiss is
the prize you didn't know that well I
thought I got a ring pop jab that's a
ripoff you want one of those okay we're
in a bad situation one of the tires of
our trailer just flew off about to Salt
Lake on i-15 going south Nelson I was
like something sounds weird the tire was
like going whoa or something it was just
some weird noise Ellison and right as I
say to Colette is like do you hear that
all sudden the tire the entire cup come
here I'll show you guys wanna go see no
don't crash no no you stay right there
we are kind of in a dangerous situation
honestly we're on the left side on a
four-lane freeway there's a four-lane
freeway
we're shoulder on the shoulder but I
pulled over as close to the wall as I
could so here's the situation we are on
the interstate right in the middle on
the left side shoulder and when the tire
fell off there were sparks client every
I don't know what happened just the tire
completely came off check this out it's
just like the axle on the ground I don't
no idea where the tire went they're just
totally on the ground
sparks are playing everywhere so we're
sitting here it's kind of scary because
there's like cars flying by we're right
across from the boondocks so if you live
in Salt Lake the Shaytards are stranded
on the freeway right across from the
boondocks it's a fun Center with bowling
it's kind of freaky ours got our flashy
lights on so we called the u-haul place
and now we're waiting for them to call
their service provider to hopefully come
out here and save us
Kazu tight we're sneezin our tires are
falling off tires our pets heads are
falling off did you just flash like
don't lie to me no we're stuck on the
side of the road and you're trying to
hotbox the van no I would tell you if I
did yes no shame hey what do you guys
think think of what I think we're gonna
live here on the side of the road
forever yeah we're just waiting George
we called you all and they're supposed
to come yeah here we go
oh is that a spray thanks for eating
Peter we have everybody back we did pay
for creative that their tires the fall
oh we did it
well what did we pay for a trailer that
the tire wouldn't fall off Oh didn't you
tell them honey that we wanted the
special where the tires don't fall off
oh I forgot what are you thinking man
yeah you're the worst you all trailer
renter no job okay we just stopped on
the side of the road and somebody came
to help I think anybody know that
who is that I don't know but the tow
truck guy said they will be here in 30
minutes
I don't know if this is the joing guy
he's not in a tow truck it was less than
30 Oh would you get your vlog ins
they're gonna get hit yeah a guy who saw
on Twitter oh yeah he just saw us on
Twitter so he said he just lives down
the road he stopped by to see if you let
me help
oh thank you do family foot massages
look down here did I do all also cold
okay it makes me super nervous because
we're so close side of the freeway we're
not on the right size scary how nice
thanks for stopping well okay so an
update this guy he just stopped he's the
tire guy that u-haul sent but apparently
the entire drum and everything is gone
so he can't put a tire back on there
we're gonna have to have a tow truck
come out unhook the trailer put the
trailer on a tow truck probably go to
the next u-haul facility thanks man
appreciate it take it easy and get a new
u-haul so we're gonna have to unload all
of our stuff put in a new u-haul and
keep going on our journey these are
those moments these are the moments when
you get to choose happiness ha ha ha
right time it's not that big of a deal
it could be worse it could be worse else
we've been here for about 45 minutes now
luckily nobody's hit us and thanks to
Steve Wilcox he's the guy who stopped he
lived just down the road he tweeted in
me and he said I'm just down the street
if you need some help or hot chocolate
big shout out to you Steve thanks for
coming by that means a lot and dad is
texting me we have a family text going
on that's pretty crazy
Sarah my favorite thing because you know
Shay's family they're hilarious all the
time and you wouldn't know it
Shay's dad is actually very funny the
way Google I wouldn't you know it cuz
he's so quiet he's so quiet in the vlogs
but oh you all calling me now I think
hello hey Tammy yes we're still here
somebody else stopped by and there's a
lot of nice people are in Utah thinks
Utah we love you
yeah the tow trucks here all right I
think we gotta go unhook this trailer
and figure out how to drag it up on top
of that flatbed all right
here we go basically going to lean this
entire thing down giant ramp hook these
hooks onto this u-haul and drag that
baby up on top of there I guess I don't
need to explain it you're about to see
this is cool I don't know these trucks
did this can't really tugs it's dark but
the whole bed is sliding down like you
just keeps picking it up and slide in
the bed underneath the trailer I thought
he was gonna have to track the trailer
up but orange is a slight in the bed
underneath the trailer it's cool Oh baby
and it is cold out here
misty my breath breezy it is now five
degrees fahrenheit outside modern
technology drag that baby right up on
the back of this thing what an
experience right good memory to be able
to look back on this video and be like
remember that time it's now midnight
we've been sitting here for almost an
hour and a half on the side of the
freeway
tried to get a hotel because they don't
have anything that can fix the you all
the nights we have to go get a hotel
tonight and replace the trailer in the
morning and just repack all of our stuff
there goes see you mr. u-haul big fake
joke I hate your guts
what is this um anodized Sterling's curl
no he just said thanks for the treadmill
jerks and he just drove off always turn
around right there that's let's turn
let's follow him we're actually gonna go
get a hotel right next to their tow yard
yeah I know where the tow yard yeah well
he gave me a card so I have a card okay
now trying to get a hotel room I could
come
check out this thing before I just
walked into the lobby to get a room
every man should be born again on the
first day of January start with a fresh
page take up one hole more in the buckle
if necessary or let down one according
to circumstances but on the first
January let every man gird himself once
more with his face to the front and take
no interest in the things that were an
hour past great idea Henry all right
here we are sleeping babies we got a
rock baby and the baby baby what don't
leave I saved your life here get that
back son target's got his blankie did
you get the back one mister certain
let's stop it stop no woah-oh-oh-oh can
you jump well we made it didn't expect
to be here tonight we wanted to make it
about you know three four hundred miles
farther but I guess we're staying in
late look at the little ladies already a
snuggled up in their beddy-byes right
Samantha how come she's not closing her
eyes Oh what's your name Paloma where
did you get that name Paloma and you
like really cute name hey Paloma
Paloma got her diploma son tired
sleeping out on the couch mama cards
making this bed rock face is uh trying
to decide if he's gonna be grumpy or not
are you gonna be happy
yay okay that's good I'm glad you're
choosing happiness give me five
way to choose happiness slap it sucka
well you can't do it you left Danny I do
is right on I love you I love you
alright so another Shaytards adventure
in the books we will see you guys
tomorrow
creepers
she wants to be a queen like the other
teenage straight whisper wears a
disguise
