hey guys so we just went and picked up a
trailer of me and Sun turn and we had
some other errands to run the Sun card
had to be involved with but we didn't
have time to do them so he was just
along for the ride ma nood thanks for
being my partner in crime
don't laugh along for the ride we're
getting a u-haul trailer because Casey
and Caylee are going to be taking their
treadmill back to Californians we can
work it out we got a trailer plus we
have a lot of Christmas presents we have
a lot of stuff that we didn't come with
so we gotta take it home hey guys so I
was just beating myself up because I had
the camera with me at the u-haul place I
didn't film anything there that's one of
those things that as a vlogger you get
so frustrated and it's like oh I had my
camera with me why didn't I get that
footage I mean it's not like it was way
exciting but you know that was part of
our day that we film our day every day
and I didn't film it so I'm sorry oh
it's so frustrating but you can't go
back in time and redo it so you just
have to deal with the frustration and
learn to get over it Sun Tardos over
here and said mom there's nothing you
can do about it now so you just have to
be happy about it it's funny because I
was telling him that same thing earlier
when he was a little bit upset because
he didn't want to leave home and come
run errands with me kids never like
running errands because they know it's
long and boring but I just thought it
was funny that I told him that earlier
and then he told me that just now you're
just listening to a song if I could
that's true we were just listening to
that song if I could turn back time I
take you with me to know you ha password
gone and get the trailer and take that
treadmill home that's really good I'm
working on it anyways I just got word
from Shay that we're going to winners
tonight and I'm super excited so that's
about it babe
did you film it all the day babe filmed
a little bit today we just we basically
made out all morning we didn't film
anything today because we are
celebrating our anniversary anniversary
now we're going to celebrate grandma
tarts birthday rush for held she has
we'll ask her I don't know if she'll
tell us that's rude to ask woman I
always like to ask them in their
age weight and social security number
and credits how old are you mom Nutella
55 tomorrow 56 years young and you can
marry him with all that you Father
56 see is just a year apart huh mom I
love you happy
hey maybe you guys like that Carlito do
what if your other aunts you did
what about Amelia what if Haley sees
this
the area Oh busted play it
what about Ali what about Amp debri what
about aunt Sadie they're gonna all see
this and you're gonna hurt their
feelings they're probably a home crying
on their computer screen right now baby
tired you like aunt Carly they raided my
closet last night look awkward so you
might make up in her room I'm on my
chair and my shoes and there's slippers
your teeth doin bro open does it hurt
you don't look too swollen up are you
doing your own boogers
SATs are cool
your sports yeah I like the favorite
uncle right now I'm not organ just
scorned yeah my kiss I'm gonna let your
uncle just one time I said no New Year's
resolution it's just everyone a reason
it felt so I'm gonna go for my Sonny's
for campus
do you make it a habit of sticking
random people's gum your forehead okay
you look for the positive that's
disgusting there's a gum on that do I
agree because actually over the year
then you take in here and you read all
the positive so give me an example of a
positive that you could write down in
this box because that's what life is
about the little Eddie likes it I set my
charger a in my room and the Sun was
coming through and it felt so good
because it was so long today you write
little things like that enjoy the sun's
rays today that's good there was a email
somebody sent out today recently about
New Year's resolution so funny whose
resolution is to be less sarcastic and
binder myself like I'm not going to
screw that up right away what do you
think do you have any ideas on New
Year's resolutions no dad just like to
play with my strong spit everywhere pass
it on down pass it on down dad you
better eat that whole chicken holy that
is like a 18 pound bird you got there I
think it's rude
don't be offended I just want to hold
that up is that rude Oh dad give me
kisses give him kiss
it's re-parent here's your here's your
dinner back oh you're the it you're that
person
took a dive in mine bring it over let's
go midnight music in the moonlight we're
trying to teach our children the what is
that singing
what listen even Cuyler the rock'n'roll
Aerosmith hour is next all right we're
doing some quarrel gone
the screaming baby has had enough his
voice
got it did you're so smart
one two three four five six seven eight
nine quit giving yourself shaken baby
syndrome I told you about that those
numbers would shake it rate the drop I
think it's just the laughter he gets
from all of you guys feeding the the
gremlins leading him after midnight come
read us this sweet card you made us to
its roll princess card made us a
precious memento that we can have and
hold for all eternity until the paper
gets lost for for under let's see that
clip around I want to see the front
first when did you make us this princess
card because I thought we still did you
say princess card taste tart so the only
reason that you made the card is because
you knew where I was gonna film it so
you want to look like a good daughter on
camera
oh okay sorry what was I thinking she
said that I want to read it first then
Shay in the really big picture okay I
like that you wait I like that you are
my mom and dad is reading the notes that
we wrote together forever
oh sorry that's right here let me read
it let me read it it's my card I get to
read it I call I love you guys so much I
like that you are my mom and dad God
made us a happy family I made this note
for you because you're nice parents love
princess hard wow that is really special
look at all these colors and stickers
can I have that slushy this
scratch-and-sniff
I love scratch-and-sniff slushies do you
make that at Carly's house on your girls
day they had a girls day there was a big
slumber party what was the name of the
moon chick flick brush me teeth boy get
all those incisors yeah jump jump jump
you only get one set it up except for
that first set that falls out but you're
keeping them brush the job rock-hard
start brushing your teeth what song you
sing in there Taylor Swift let's hear it
okay you can come sing it to me when
you're done brushing your teeth okay
thank you know your daddy people get you
then quick man Jack Del Rio to people
she mine oh yeah you
