glad him in the car good morning we are
gonna go workout at the gym
uh yeah buddy hey are you having a good
day
yes why are you having a good day
because I raised my feet and my hand and
my tongue and my head what does that
mean these guys don't know what you're
talking about explain to them oh they'll
be resting Ashish you explain it I was
just telling the kids let's give them a
little lecture as I'm prone to do as
their father on the way over here that
they have the opportunity to choose a
penis and it's up to you that no matter
what anybody says or does you are in
control of your happiness to see I reach
my tendon my nerves in my head and I
said whoever wants to have a happy life
raise their hand and they thought I'm
gonna raise two hands and then Bridget
starts it I'm gonna raise a foot and
then they all started raising everything
they could because they all wanted to be
happy right son tard oh he's going to
kick off icicles off the car does that
make you happy whatever you got to do to
choose happiness bro long as you don't
dent other people's vehicles it is as
cold as I've ever felt in my entire life
out here I'm gonna go inside get that
baby Siwon rock-based ready are you
choosing happiness oh shoot raise your
hand if you want to have a happy life
hey Jen you want to have a happy life
raise your hand you want to have a happy
life maybe he doesn't want to have a
happy life right now
okay all right you guys it's a new year
that means we're working our butts off
and I don't mean just working our butts
up I mean literally Shay is working his
butt off Jay that's not part of the move
okay you want exercise
I'm not so what it wait was this working
your butt working mic is good because
you're gonna be using them tonight you
know that right
it's our anniversary yeah only Congress
would make very make sex jokes I only
make them every ten years on our
anniversary so that's the last one
you're gonna get for a while so just
hold on to it our 20-year anniversary oh
well you're looking good babe
and I've been working out with Carly and
Jess and you're kicking my book cuz
they've been working out a lot and I
haven't so they're lifting a lot more
weight but I'm trying to keep up so wish
me luck okay so Logan just got his
wisdom teeth out
oh my head I can barely walk and mom
just brought him by I guess he's like
all loopy and stuff we're gonna go see
him why are they let's go say hi to
Logan he just got all four of his wisdom
teeth taken out and if you ever gotten
your wisdom teeth taken out once you
wake up you're Luke what's up bro Oh
homie the doctor he was a player are you
a player loan i slam slam form here - oh
wait right
I'm so perfect look it what is that
right oh whoa oh I went three rounds my
- did you shoot him three rounds with
Mike Tyson dude you gotta fire your dude
off for all four of them their five for
a piece of one that isn't weirdos put
him in the wheelchair and he literally
shove me away
I played football for seven years ha ha
ha chair
Logan's true characters he's a gangster
put it back at your mouth bro don't
flatter yourself
yeah that's the good part wait till
about 12 hours from now then you'll be
foe looks like you've been a vampire
dude you've been sucking some blood you
have pretty eyes
is the other fun donkey that the car
Logan do I get him in the car Jesus do
it I've velociraptor vampire almost
attacked us
I was scary all right my love fun good
job Logan
good job I'm right here bro I'm right
here for you bounce it out 50 cent okay
but you're Steve all on Logan here put
your safety harness on and then go have
dad watch him go tie him down see you
bro hey baby
all right do you guys my I love you
oh that's the most animated I've ever
seen Logan we should get us wisdom teeth
take it out more often
bye he's like he's gonna be filling that
in a few hours from now getting started
for today fresh morning walk make you
feel good huh what's your routine how
fast and you just run for a minute what
do you run on I usually run about six
six miles an hour that's good dude how
long do you run and then you just walk
you alternate back and forth so you're
running six and then how fast you walk
um usually three right or sometimes I
might jog on tour cool you just go back
and forth between those three I like
those shoes dude your legs look good in
those shoes
you start to get some buff calves
seriously dude all the ladies in the
third grade are gonna see you walking in
when you come back from Christmas break
be like whoa son tard what's up with the
calf muscles serious calf muscles going
on
I'm proud of you man making a difference
in the new year you're an inspiration to
a lot of people you know that a lot of
people are watching you on the treadmill
the other day and saying if a
nine-year-old boy can do it then I can
get my butt off the couch and get moving
really proud of you plus guess what
we're gonna sign you up for when we get
back to LA that's what basketball
basketball and if you can run dude
basketball is all about running Plus
somebody tweeted me this good idea when
we get back to LA we're gonna go to Los
Angeles Lakers game okay
yes wanna go see the Black Mamba Kobe
Bryant you know who I want to see is
Steve Nash short white dudes that play
in the NBA my favorite right John
Stockton you watch it John Stockton I
love you bro love you excited okay we'll
get some tickets and go to a game we get
back we can even go to a Clippers game
did you get some Clippers tickets at
school where did you get those prices
they expired already oh crap well we'll
get some tickets and go to a game all
right let's see it dude proud of you
good job buddy I'm gonna go up I'm
upstairs and start making out here mom
okay okay I'll seen a little while even
though today is the second me and
Colette are gonna celebrate our tenure
anniversary today we got this sweet it's
a sweet sweet it's an anniversary sweet
it's at this hotel that has like themed
sweet we got the Atlantis under the sea
sweet has like a sauna and like cool
stuff so we're excited to go hang out so
today's video might be short because I'm
gonna be busy doing other things like
watching movies with my beautiful wife
you ready to go I am almost ready to go
as soon as rock-trac cool getting our
bags packed yeah watch that's why just
honey look at me and talk to me then
he'll grab a face watch watch mommy look
at me well as I was saying um Oh be nice
to your mommy hey he knows you're
leaving give her kisses and say you're
sorry hey buddy
hey here be nice to mommy kay give her
kisses santeri mommy oh just pay
attention to me gosh I'm trying to tell
you something about this bull he's very
adamant when we're reading books I must
pay attention okay show me
ami oh wow look at some mouth the fire
burns bright in my heart for you my love
for me for you enchantment under the sea
we are in the honeymoon suite oh I like
this
I'm gonna get lucky tonight baby maybe
that's a baby mile a place for the guys
check it out welcome mr. and mrs. Butler
we wish you a night of relaxation and
luxury in this hidden city deep under
the sea with appreciation look they put
our name on the card so we are
celebrating ten years together that pop
your back really okay think that fuck
good Drive much yeah I was like a
relieving around a little bit back fun
so here we got a huge tub and
compliments of this giant tub of a
spider in the tub hey little man you
better get out of here you're gonna see
shaycarl naked pretty soon okay Shay I'm
just come out to get a fresh drink of
water
good thing we don't hear that much about
it yes I'll be with my freak out and
then there's a aquarium right here check
this out there's me there's me here's
the shower place showerheads and then
the fish I'm going the other side babe
hurry mom saw me target hi you scare the
fish do a fish face I want to fish this
room by ready to do it a fish face the
love in my heart and then check out
there's like a little personal item here
there's a giant octopus and it's like a
bathroom slash kitchen under the coral
reef with a hidden treasure of gems oh
look there's a deck too babe look we
even have a like a little deck out here
this is cool
come out here oh you're dead come back
inside
oh it's mermaids and a seahorse that's
cool
hello mints and Nemo is here let me show
you guys look at this you can't see it
cuz the lighting that I get but it's a
big dome hello can you hear my echoey
voice it is echo we mean the enchanted
of the sea without saying
oh sure Yuki so romantic so romantic I
got a giant TV isn't it neat wouldn't
you think my collections complete
wouldn't you think I'm a girl girl who
has everything look at this trove
treasures untold how many wonders can
one cavern hold
looking around here you think sure she's
got everything i've got gadgets and
gizmos a-plenty i've got sharks and
stuff galore Oh God they have ripples on
the ceiling so it looks like we're under
the water what's going on with the
speaker you hit
it's got some staticky it does like
ripples on the top so it looks like
we're under the sea anyways we are
celebrating 10 years of marriage
together and it has been a delight meant
the entire time
I've enjoyed ten trips around the Sun
with the light of my life when you're in
love the decade feels like a day
you
