my name's Olga I make you eat ownit now
you like don√≠t I give you jellies or
donut
my name's Alina Laurent belly butter
belly butter belly but the first day of
2013 and I told my mom she needs to get
down here and get on this treadmill and
get started you got to start on the
first eggs and you're gonna feel good
you get out started right on the first
foot right start
you gotta get started right how's that
saying I gotta get out get started on
the right foot all right oh you start on
left foot if you want k grandma taro how
you feelin
oh you're jamming out to your music can
how you feelin
my knees hurt today it's good that is
daddy let's see you got daddy here's
daddy right there you guys member this
video if you haven't seen this video
check it out I'll put it in the are you
feelin lucky box at the very end dude
where did you bring that it they brought
that that's daddy huh a rock garden
player with that and he shows it to me
goes who daddy daddy going in a pot
daddy doesn't do pot Oh house I'm in
your house oh excuse me pardon me out it
goes whoa scissor face what are you
doing oh grandma walls are allowed to
stay hey happy man you want to see
something sexy yes I do shy I sure do
love section ish alright I'll show ya
boom chicka Bow Wow Bow Wow Wow sexy
shave Colin sexy yeah yeah look at that
handsome devil this is a 1 - 12 2007 how
many years ago is that 6 years ago
what's up hey Carly
you call me sickly or sexy cuz I can't
decide which I am and this fixture this
is the this is the before picture of the
Gold's Gym challenge that I won that got
us a trip to Hawaii with philip defranco
remember that yes I do almost fun
where's the after picture Oh
maybe hey shut your mouth woman I didn't
get it back tonight oh you win again I
know right that was totally a concern
because I won the Gold's Gym 12 week
challenge and they took him forever to
give us the prize and then I had this
like fear I'm like what it's like we
going to get the prize because I did I
gained a lot of the weight back they're
gonna be like oh sorry you're
disqualified because you gained the
weight back you don't get your prize
anymore
but they did give us surprise we got to
go to Hawaii we all got to go for four
days I guess I can't complain about a
free trip but it took them so long to
give us the trip that the airline that
they booked our ticket on went out of
business
so when we showed up in Oakland Calif
Lorna Oh with me they went bankrupt
sounds like a bunch of airport yeah
because uh the airline industry was
going under but we showed up in Oakland
California to fly to Hawaii we shopped
the ticket desk and they say oh that
airline does not exist anymore we're
like well what do we do they said you
have to buy a new ticket on a new
airline so he called the lady at Gold's
Gym and she had to like put us up in a
hotel in Oakland for a night so we like
missed a day and a half in Hawaii and
Phil and Lindsey were there waiting for
us and then we didn't show up to like a
day and a half later than we were
supposed to but luckily they got into
the place that we had anyways long story
but this trouble man he won that contest
boom boom
about what Kapow come on
everybody at home admit it admit it at
six you yes is she right there yeah
little bit weird yeah
little bit little bit this is what I
love about coming home as we go through
our old life filing cabinets and see all
of our old stuff and I was just looking
in this paper check this out best radio
personality shea butter shea butter from
z103 is the Readers Choice best radio
personality from the moment you talked
to him he makes you laugh
that's sweet who wrote this part by the
way this is uh in the town where out
they have like every year they have
what's called a reader's choice they
pick like the best of Southeast Idaho
according to you so people vote like on
best restaurants best gyms and I got
voted best radio personality in this
town let me read this to you can I read
this kind show off can i brag
Thank You our honey who wrote this I
don't know who wrote it this says okay
Shay Butler from z103 is the Readers
Choice best radio personality from the
moment you talk to him he makes you
laugh seriously on the radio for the
last eight months he shared his
motivation to begin his career for about
a year I listened to every morning I
listened every morning - Jeremy Adam and
Zoe's morning show and I was so jealous
of them they were getting paid to hang
out with their best friends and have a
good time and I wanted to do the same
thing too
now I'm also getting paid to have fun
Shane thinks listeners while expressing
his awe and happiness I am superbly
grateful awestruck and astounded excited
and embarrassed all at the same time
Shay said that must have been my quote
that I sent to them mm-hmm I'm superbly
grateful awestruck and astounded excited
and embarrassed at the same time why was
I embarrassed because you hated when
people were like I've heard on the radio
you're like oh god that's cool but I
have this paper they're gonna be like
one of those things that I want to be
buried with like yeah but I was radios
best I was the best DJ and my tail will
laminate it and put it in your scrapbook
babe I don't want to be down with it
like this in my crib okay my crib okay
I'll be buried in a baby's crib with
this newspaper like this and my fat
naked picture in here oh good there's no
sunshine when it rains there's no
sunshine when she's gone is that is that
Shay Lina hey Shay Lina
my name's Helga I make you eat donut now
you like donut I give you jellies or
doughnut
my name's Shane Lina rah rah rah rah
belly butter belly butter belly but you
don't need that right you've dug in
stuff you get back get out what a mess
come fight out a tiger fight it out it's
so fun to tear a paper and throw it all
over the carpet yeah hey so we're in
here and we're getting a wallet centaurs
wallet cuz he lost it some new $1.00 and
she's rich coming to get and we're gonna
get insurance
and dad told me come in here and told me
to film him so I'm just gonna dad told
us to come in here and film we haven't
been able to get back told me to come in
church well okay over here okay if they
said they have ready last week when we
were here watching The Hobbit centaur
lost his wallet in the movie theater and
so I came back the next day to Pella the
movie lost it they didn't find it then
but then a couple days later the manager
texted me and said that they found it
and left it to the safe so now we're
here picking it up but they are not sure
it's here so I'm like a desire that we
got a problem right you know guys Oh
tell him what tell him say I need my
wallet I'm not fine wallet
I bet that time ago back in the dirt bye
that was funny a little bit and we're
just waiting for them to find the wallet
and as I don't we have a really big $71
problem we're still waiting it's been a
couple minutes this is your wallet dude
we found it so what are we gonna do with
it now be careful next time keep it in
your pocket and don't you even take it
out for a second not having to get money
out of it unless you're gonna give the
money to me hey hmm high fives are you
excited thanks guys
I struck Dutch does it was kinda scary
there for a minute because they couldn't
find the wallet but apparently they just
had instead of his name on it they had
my name on it
apparently I didn't tell them my name so
that was my dad VIN you guys we found
the wallet yay thank you so much for
Idaho movie theater for being honest and
not losing our wallet and for other
people not picking it up right honesty
it's always the best policy it makes
people feel good all right dude today
steal your cash if you still have it in
there let's see how honest the theater
people are cuz not often do you lose a
wallet full of cash at the movie theater
and get it back I'm just saying I know
Society I've been around a time room -
well not all the time or people honest
remember that's where I left my phone my
last iPhone and I lost it with all their
20 20 40 60 71 what's a nine-year-old
doing walking around with wads of cash
in his wallet are you a drug dealer
do you have dope on you right now how
many dime bags are in your pocket let me
know
come here Butler be slinging crack I'll
get to the bottom of this he will be
grounded did you play with the drug
references already sorry bro my bad yeah
Brady
there goes Batman he'll solve this crime
hey Batman I love you
so cute you made a good son hey you like
both of them I like both of your sons
together well high-five ten years one
decade together yeah
forever boy honey we need a cooler weird
be doing a lot of camping this year oh
this might be a good one
you wasn't on your cue yet let's see
which color should I keep quiet I don't
care if you're running out of air be
quiet jokes not coming hit note me she
said daddy that's the second big one
you can fit at least four or five babies
in this one all right come out come out
how many market sleep in the school we
have not pizza commercial for a long
 kids and coolers kids and coolers
Proctor just shut up okay I'm get in
baby tard he's hit all three guys would
you believe me if I told you that I
worked out with this guy today and you
probably kicked his bat didn't you so
much Stevie did shoulders today
shoulders and bias and do you feel the
pump the D pump and you all boo boo I
can totally tell babe looks like I dunno
in fact I King that you should take your
shirt off right now and show us Oh snaps
baby tart close your eyes he's weird we
lost Rock card where is he hiding
why are you dude saw you oh there he
goes go around catch him hide hide from
us go get him Jim
there he comes mr. fat man get him get
back man he's running away he was trying
to hide from us there she comes
my beautiful bride we live such a
glamorous life this is
glamorous our life is toilet paper what
are you doing yeah get out of there the
toilet paper monsters they come get you
do what the toilet paper sponsored
combinations there she is there she is
the toilet paper monster Oh children of
the toilet paper this is like children
under the Attic
Oh 4:15 the toilet paper aisle
could you started rockface toilet paper
monster just for that you get a Twinner
paper to the head oh hey all right
we're never gonna see you again bye I
live in the land of toilet paper
I don't know can't be to me might as
well join I'm in the food place all
right come on kids
seriously children how did I know she
would end up back there
it's just one of those things it always
difference I have five children
thanks for growing in babe saving the
young and I went in and I saw I
conquered and now you're gonna go back
in come on we're leaving bye
that works it really does for us cuz we
really will leave our children when I
say we're leaving we walk away sometimes
we kind of like make sure that they
don't get lost but we have done that
and they get scared and they like okay
I'm coming I'm coming what twenty guys
like you know these kind of like idiots
but I kind of like them they're like on
purpose loud and in-your-face you like
this one we like this one I'm not
ashamed to wear a Walmart or sweater
what do you think I think I might get
this Chloe fourteen bucks I think that's
cool over here
princess hard come pick this out which
one do you like better which one
whatever do you think that we really
need
oh okay all right well you can either
buy chips or baby
take your pick hey come on sir she comes
running over well keep lined in there
and we can't get an a you guys talking
it's you your mouth you are the culprit
watching July Mitchell Juventus I don't
think that's a good idea
jump but sure I never do that without
that your mommy oh there he goes again
do editor hi guys it's baby tide check
out the video we're going reading and
the store and click on the happy smiley
face doctor thumbs up the video tech and
thumbs up the video print to start would
you like to say anything
what's up hmm that's it just what's up
huh yeah this is princess card hey I
don't know what else to say say a joke
you have a joke funny Limerick a poem
Equipe nothing
tell him the joke you told me other day
about the chicken crossing the road
numbers why the chicken cross the road
yeah to get my no sorry okay go ahead
sorry why did the chicken go to the
dance
why did the chicken go to the dance I
don't know why it's because to find a
lot of chicks I get it cuz chickens like
chicks like hot chicks do you guys
tomorrow
