yeah bet this is something she's gonna
hate before in about 10 years from now
boohoo
good morning you guys so it is New
Year's Eve morning and we're just
getting ready for the day I pulled some
card let's workout today so that we
don't feel guilty when we eat food
tonight he's been running for about two
miles
two miles and he is learning what
endorphins are I wish that I would have
grabbed the camera earlier cuz I heard
him down here just yelling yeah like wow
do you want to tell us what that was all
about dude it was like there was a song
pumping me up on your iPad iPod iPod I
showing all these things like I was
pretending that means everyone your
husband you were oh you're so awesome
why am I getting emotional I'm so proud
of you dude do not feel good used to
feel like you're getting some exercise
and then I was telling me no what those
feelings are the endorphins oh wait a
second you must be feeling really good
because that's cold
keep going no more putting water on the
treadmill okay okay okay awesome how far
have you done
2.31 all right you're almost there keep
it up looking good I am in the company
of a beautiful baby pardon - beautiful
I'm so happy Danna was driving through
on her way back to LA from Montana she's
slumming it what else for anywheres
quite quiet as a Michigan usually
Lunchables don't have too much sugar but
no we're going to get lunch before we go
home okay you will see her girl's finger
go okay she'll read me what's on the
list what's unawareness where do I find
that
aye sir you know what I think cheese is
on the list we're just getting stuff for
our New Year's dinner for tonight we're
gonna have taco soup she's really happy
right now
and we're gonna go play to Jim so it's
gonna be fun my hair's crazy we're right
cookies look at this little dough ball a
little dough ball buddy he's making a
little dough ball mommy tart is finally
bustin out these chocolate chip cookies
we got from her brother for Christmas
see me for Christmas and I'm gonna eat
half of that pan and add a bananas here
she was on her way back to Los Angeles
via Montana and I was scoping on her
Instagram and I saw that she was in
Idaho I said come stop at our house
and we didn't have any musical
entertainment for tonight that's the
only reason we invited her over because
we needed a guitarist for New Year's
festivities
those are his okay I like how he Pat so
there's like and you will do just fine
in the oven you leave those there and
commissioning so we don't burn
Commission they're too small dude they
won't make it in that fiery oven I don't
believe it dad please I like my cookies
well done gonna go downstairs and watch
princess charm who was practicing for
her drum solo that she will be
performing tonight at the New Year's
festivities one two one two three four
we're gonna get you down on the Third
Street Promenade and we go back to
California get a hat out get you some
tips she had all these pink hands set
them out with a little keyboard as the
beat or the tune was that your hi-hat
grandpas it's okay princess starts
playing with your paint cans you put
little flowers on them did you number
them too that's someone from two from
three in trouble for practice for
tonight we're gonna have everybody come
down and see your performance okay we
got the whole drummer band here
oh no your high hat fell down alright so
yeah this is awesome I'm just doing some
bench press listen to my favorite band
rock out Barry motivational stuff really
milling the pump bring my headphones
I scared you I snuck all the way in
behind the in the bathroom I didn't even
see you I scared the crap out of her she
said oh like that we go on Chinese yeah
got to do my hair first do your hair
yeah good
he hadn't them yet oh let you out I'll
have that for this much
oh but helicopter the chopper get to the
chopper stop us take it off
find it on sunders
that's cool
I get it I'm gonna get it I'm gonna get
it
Donald Trump is landing in his chopper
in ten minutes be ready for the real
estate convention why is Arnold
announcing Donald Trump of sister
that's cool then we can feel the wind of
it on the fly it okay we're having a
helicopter flight contest you have to
take off the green circle fly through
the yellow hoop and land that green
circle over there ready mm-hmm
you
Oh
hi can I have this join the camera Hey
Oh
yeah yeah right
crash and burn try again oh I just
barely turned it on
okay do it again just do that amazing
thing that was really hard to do again
okay
oh snap multi-link I'm dressed for this
affair nice babe you get a kiss for that
one check it oh where did that go
mm-hmm
she stopped in okay oh man one chance
wait what
all day tomorrow I'll pencil you in love
centaur looks at Minnie oh this is the
funnest part about coming to see grandma
at school is the popcorn machine record
you like the top screw what's it doing
popcorn is it going and look we got
these adorable little bag they're so
cute
this is our Happy New Year popcorn party
okay we'll do one more house up and the
girls are being super helpful Hey look
an open hallway oh hey look a skateboard
what should I do
hey mom get in the hallways see down
here skate
what hi mom
oh snap
whoa touch my tummy almost hit that one
so smooth it's like I'm skating on ice
this is fun like as a kid just like you
and loved us yeah you know to get it
there it is there it is I cannot get
this one this one's cool it's so funny
what you see like oh you guys look like
you're really focusing in on something
we're doing one of those 3d pictures ah
you can do it on camera see if you guys
know what I'm talking about these 3d
pictures we have to make your eyes all
fuzzy then you see an image in the
weirdness if you can do it on the camera
this one's the coolest it might be the
easiest one okay so basically you have
to make your eyes kind of blurry I won't
try to get any close
I'm gonna see if I can do it through the
camera oh I wonder if I could do it
through the can see here stare at it
make your eyes blurry and see if you can
see what it is I always refer to these
things as kind of like life like
sometimes you just get it all of a
sudden once you see it it's like oh I
get it okay cool and then at all sudden
it'll just drift away and you can't see
it again to get an algae for life you
know sometimes you just get it
everything's clicking just right you
call them in the office did you see it
did you see it pause it and see if you
guys can see it make your eyes blurry I
don't know what the exact instructions
you're supposed to make your eyes blurry
and then you see a 3d image focus on one
like point in the middle and then you're
gonna see it oh that's a beautiful Mona
Lisa ah scary done tonight da da da da
da da da right my three-wheeler through
the middle school I'm gonna beat up all
the bully's stars my name is rock hard
on the tops baby in the world yo when
when messes with me cuz my dad's so cool
and I love him I'm gonna cruise through
the halls of the middle school this is a
song that I make it up as I go yeah yeah
can't find buddy
this cruising through the halls take
that corner fast bro here he goes
love you that you in the locker room in
the locker room right here this is where
I played football cross-country track
basketball in seventh grade when I was
in junior high I played every wrestling
I played every sport trac cross-country
wrestling football wrestling I did
wrestling a few times the city champion
I was I was sitting champion three years
in a row this is also where I learned
about the birds and the bees is right in
this room thanks Trevor and Shane they
taught me all about it right this is
weird man this is like a lot of anxiety
in this room because like nervous about
games you know showering in front of
guys for the first time this is where my
pee pee was won oh yeah this room right
here and a lot of memories and then like
trying to lose weight for wrestling I
always pee on these urine I can't
believe hasn't changed in how many years
it's been it's been like 15 years I know
it's insane it's weird coming back
seeing these memories
I never saying that when I was here
getting ready for the games boys would
apply made fun of me for singing an
opera ok our New Year's dish of choice
is the one and only chilli taco so
fortunately whatever you want to call it
taco soup ish oh I guess I just look all
she Carlos flesh on my sweater on my
sweater
my mom made this Bobby Bobby oh let's
make any actual video that's what you
get what was it that's like - yes I hope
you got makeover happy new year what I'm
gonna make out 20 years this year are
you guys so excited happy new years big
a or 2013's coming up I'm excited I
really want to strengthen my
relationship with my little sister
such a life let's go see how ok I'm just
super success yeah yeah from Gotham
style strictest guards got it
nice and then we rung in the New Year in
each other's arms as we pounded apple
cider what's this ryan seacrest you're
talking about my dad or done way better
than this prima donna but
