hi I'm login here hey guys so I just got
finished packing we got all our stuff
loaded up in the car and all of our
stuff we have tons of stuff still here
see that corner over there yeah I don't
really know where we're gonna put that
stuff we are headed to Utah to hang out
with Casey and Caylee and then a bunch
of Shay's cousins they're having like a
cousin get-together but you haven't done
let's see I think we did it one time in
the past ten years and so we're doing
another one it's going to be exciting
we're going to leave the kids with one
of Kaylee's sisters and so the kids are
just waiting for us to go what little
man Oh what are you guys watching
oh that's entertaining and educational
I'm a police animal gotta go to Utah
we're about ready to go but we're
waiting on the upload this is a common
occurrence in this rage hard household
we can't go his daddy is uploading this
video but it's our guys it's our videos
video this is a video little watch out
he's one of the world's deadliest
animals he'll get jet well that was
close
he has got him listen yeah whoa ooh
gross okay spider-man 15 more minutes
and you're throwing stuff at me Road
who's okay oh dude that was it
Oh tagged like no you guys saw that bird
oh yeah Shay did say that he would drive
up separately but I said no we're in
this together I do an information return
watch watch oh sure you have to break
that
okay turn whatever I get that sounded
like a broke set the second rope yeah I
didn't see that sound that's like the
second telephone me broken of our
children there fix it your journey we
should throw something that is throwable
baby
yeah alright 15 more minutes alright
little rock and roll hey let's see you
rocked our do a back flip you're repping
up don't turn around in backwards you
ready go go go what Wow good job he's
almost like a couple times you almost
got all myself oh we're back over well
you set up what oh brain but dig it yeah
you ready one two three
good job
yeah one two three yeah hey one two
three whoa dude kid okay and you'll be
doing over the next ten minute ago o3o
cat dad
ha good cat ready one two three
no fun begin the winter fun never look
sighted we're hearing you tower just
gonna do a little field sledding since
we don't have a heel we're gonna use the
four-wheeler to pull the sled
we'll see if anybody crashes it's always
fun when people crash and it's biting
cold today
Oh cold that's how I feel
one of those brats falls off back there
we're trying to get the kids going over
the bump it's the best part they go fly
into the air oh man poor kid
good job dude he's already flown off
like five times my co-pilot right here
me this guy we ride all the kids on the
slave we ride all to get on his leg he's
like yours all right let's see it Oh
I can hear you laughing God who's done
that like five times it's funny
whoo go get on this side with untied
poop it on this side here's just the
cutest little snowman ever I love you
you don't want clothesline me that time
guys I think he likes it
Hey
down say goodbye to nickel for every
time I had to say that okay let's see
pretty nice so we're to stay on this
sled are you guys ready take them around
what's up oh here comes mommy tartar
rock face are your bud you guys are
awesome
they're Cubs Cooper major Eric Cooper
Wow nice nice dude nice
that's awesome baby tard
here he goes
nice here they go oh here comes baby
tart and princess are good job yeah here
we go
what's going on in here here it was
totally straight I just fell back
it was doing backflips last night at
Casey's house on the couch oh yes he was
only stood straight and just felt just
like a tree let's see a rock card do
backflip fight got a fighter dude fight
her off yeah you punches to the ear
ought to do it air fillsfotos corrected
air
come here come here Eddie he is my go
away before you go go put on your own
two-six split okay ready one two three
yeah what he's supposed to do
tusu foot yeah he's got an affiliate oh
yeah I need to watch this oh you bums
hanging out
Wow himself
oh hey go go
you ready Tama one two three two oh one
two yes
oh thanks for games yeah yeah all right
it's Sunday we just got home church had
dinner mom made delicious mashed
potatoes and gravy with chicken and corn
and I'm stuffed like a monkey I'm a
stuffed monkey never play some board
games yeah well I don't go backwards
okay let's see you do it cuz I don't
want to play with you too so no no don't
you do it let Dad do it I'm a
professional baby flipper no he's feisty
oh yeah he's crazy man Joe the timber
you did whoa for playing candy land and
chased her off sheet and the kids are
smart trips around the bottom I'll flip
it over and I'll hit the top one great
sorry I'm gonna take from the top ready
okay fine I'm gonna take from the bottom
yeah
I walk two rats two rats Titan picked in
the middle of the pile hello pick from
the top of the pile tops you get what
you get and you don't throw anything so
yes mash up where we were you sore loser
card
they are mommy one already know she yeah
I'm strike two
we do it again we remember ladies local
photos major matter rock try to put your
green guy where you guys he's on the
hook K mind I - after your journey
they brought if you drop her waiting my
turn I think mommy turns KS mine I
circled Cardamone I move by there okay
okay your turn that's yours hmm that
one's yours
good you got a red or red or green guide
to the next red one Rock charge no
please you're on the gummy bears why
you're a gummy bear this is pretty well
go inside I'm a gummy bear I'm not going
there
all right do a backflip Gabriel are your
turn take a card pick a card this is so
fun
hi my turn Candyland is the worst game
there's no strategy you just pick a card
and go to that spot I want strategy I
want to thank you what dominations
undertook to Langley would you get to
read read read he winced undergone a an
active okay game where I wrestle them
until they cry oh they're at that we're
playing gestures here goes sunt are
blown hairspray yes
hey grab Amaro hey robot robot surprise
bunny go to bed debit card credit card
Oh candy wrappers folding Oh Matt wallet
Burke wallet holding up you have to
board up okay pretty start your next go
chocolate
they're not rolling hey Andy stretch a
pocket pocket okay yours ready yes yeah
I'm gonna help babies hurt you don't
hand over yet
you ready here we go
set go dance shimmy shake wait what it
is point what is voice winning run booty
shake
okay okay next one okay come open a door
knob can you take it out pick that up
next one
your smoothie a cookie dough that's
gonna go next but I'm gonna pick
Colette's and I'm gonna film and mom
you're gonna try to guess and clogging
you have to ask these out oh okay all
right let's find some hard ones here
that's a good Collette you better be a
good actress time okay ready yeah here
we go go
good job that was a good job
wait princess her what'd you say no okay
that's one big flaw Oh your mom got it
oh the cards disappeared you're trying
to do the shaky one jiggle I was just
gonna say point to your butt and you
gonna got it okay radiations hard you
can do it you can do it are you ready
rock hard okay ready so excited already
funky on penso and black eye ha big
black line bruise got it oh crap okay
lastic you are very enthusiastic that's
what counts
classic gesture behaviors the louder you
yell the closer your people wanted to
get the answer bad call me come here sit
sit sit sit
Kobe said give him hugs rock card give
him hugs give him hugs
Oh Kobe Rock are loves you do you love
the doggy given lugs give him hugs go
lay down that rock tired hug you let him
set go uh hat helmet water uh curly wig
oh good punch in the face
chalk drawing basketball jumping
shooting hard one we didn't get what was
the one on the wall the printer
screaming eraser serving passing out
wipe me wash me presenting giving giving
okay haha hopping jumping
a sweeping hockey oh god good hat helmet
there's one headache no brain freeze
brain brain good job very good job baby
tardes that where your brain is like I'm
sucking your brain that was cute I'm not
monitored Stern micro Gordon okay let's
round mommy thar make us proud go swing
swing like the hot Oh to twist the twist
twist pop bubble pop ground carpet one
baby diaper rock dart choose where you
geyser rocker let C jump off the couch
jump over him oh yeah show rocked her
now you have to jump over both of them
okay baby
princess are jump over her son tard
Rochard watch and can't step on him jump
over him jump over him okay watch rock
guard watch the princess card he jump
over him go rock I jump over him nice
job
princess art do a handstand over him on
his back do a hand side on his back good
eggs and guards as tough as an ox
you're like a diving board do a hand
sent over his back heads down okay
but cool family gymnastics oh good you
cleared him like so yeah I'm stupid
oh that's freakish he's got a shot yeah
okay she's a clever but she doesn't know
what's going on oh you can just see on
her face she's still like I don't get it
oh that is funny I forgot we couldn't
get in you guys never saw the video
yesterday watch it
crazy cousin party we had a blast
cousins plan some fun games you guys
should play for New Year's it played
tonight for New Year's
she's kinda shy what do you got oh now
there's candy everywhere
oh well I guess my mom likes my videos
the very last Shaytards video of 2012
thank you thank you thank you muy mucho
gracias me amigos this year has been
monumental maybe one of the biggest most
important years of my life whether it
was from losing a hundred pounds to
losing my best friend Malachi to running
almost four marathons I ran three and a
half marathons I still need to know
maybe I'll go for a 13 mile run right
now and count that for the other half
marathon so I can say I did four
marathons in the year 2012 for all the
amazing things that happened this year
our business is flourishing maker
Studios has grown so much even from you
know three and a half years ago we moved
out to California to start that company
you guys are with us the entire time and
now there's over 300 employees and it's
just growing so much and we're so
grateful for all of you for being part
of this and being part of our lives and
we can't wait to see what happens in
2013 happy New Year to everybody we love
you see you tomorrow
