hi I'm logging here you ready we're
ready here we go it's up here up here
it's a beer - yeah hey we're at a cousin
party for everybody hey you remember the
2009 video we played this game of stew
it was with our cousin Tyler this is our
cousin Tommy
here are your beard of all the beards in
the room look at that thing that it's
thick and you dance I need a big beer or
two here we go okay here's a gliders I
have like so we put this in your mouth
and basically it's kind of like mercier
take now telling mercy so I go first all
you go first I know I'm doing sure so
you hold the spoon and you bend down and
you try to you whack me on the top of
the head hard as you can oh wait a
minute behind every okay you offer food
at me and her perfect and you see how
long like you said I don't have dental
insurance okay okay one two
easier yeah the concussion maybe get
home to be at the same time spoon to
about the blackout please donate the
time is concussion fun slamming right
last year Tyler he was like oh that was
a good one like that was our best oh I
was like geez
they're supposed to just like tap it a
little bit see that video a minute up
Shane just give me extra working where
they did play spoons with people that
you don't like thank you
I never liked you me he's just jealous
of your beard
I feel like I might be the new game you
play this all shake it to be in the
center of attention
your job is to entertain us when you've
done good job Carly okay I remember this
okay let's see it okay okay go get the
next gavel in there I use like the chase
run to prove it wasn't stupid
bring your helmet okay here we go get
the middle come this game is called the
Entertainer your job is to entertain us
when you've done a good job with hot
fries so I just entertaining
tell everything again this game is
called the Entertainer your job is to
entertain us when you've done a good job
let's not freak out
I try to help and I feel bad for the
last game we do hey you have to listen
if you listen very closely when this
game is called the entertainer come on
into the mouth no don't be shy your job
is to entertain us when you've done a
good job will clap for you obviously do
anything you are supposed to entertain
us when you've done a good job don't
give off you what they say just do their
action just do the actions that go see
it get away he comes back to like
something later everyone please okay you
only think a one society's wait we're
not okay okay so listen you have to
listen to the instructions very
carefully he's rolling the same one time
okay listen I promise listen to hope
this game is called the Entertainer your
job is to entertain us when you've done
a good job of thought for you okay okay
are you guys copying me okay good and
your kindness
I know you're all carving me but why
game about the Entertainer your job is
to entertain us when you've done a good
job boom clap
I definitely like she just has had too
much attention we talked we were sorry
you want to hear the instructions one
more time yes we said I'm slow okay okay
this game is called the Entertainer your
job is to entertain us when you've done
a good job will clap for you serve us
observe welcome Janet do the Entertainer
this is the game we're gonna explain the
instructions one time and that you have
to listen okay let's go and carefully
this game is called the Entertainer your
job is to entertain us
when you've done a good job will clap
for you okay go ahead and entertain us
is it cuz you're copying me yes you're
all copying me
yes turn it into a - Scott okay I don't
know what you're doing you don't get it
it's okay do it come on get some
entertainment and tell me the
instructions again this game is called
the Entertainer your job is to entertain
us when you've done a good job will come
for you clap for me listening the
instructions the first time not
everybody does listen to the
instructions Jay this game is called a
psychiatrist - you are a psychiatrist or
your patients
we all have an issue and your job is to
figure out what our issue is you can ask
us any question you want
except for yes/no questions and what is
your problem
look out this right away you can ask any
question oh yeah favorite color who's
your favorite baseball team what color
is the sky any question you want to ask
this as long as yes no or what is your
problem and they all have not the same
problem yeah so we're going to school
start with Shannon's is fine ask for any
crazier okay is your problem a physical
problem no it can't be has no question
all right any question just ask you're
nothing random like okay uh yeah what
color is this clacking fluffy there's
your problem you can't answer yes or no
questions
we all have the same problem is it a
problematic size yes the question great
question um where do you go when you
have this problem a light-blue okay what
do you wear when you have this problem
oh yeah that's a baby no I'm filming
uh-huh what do you see I just write kind
of questions
yeah sorry what is your problem tastes
like Oh
sometimes a red jacket okay wait
fluffy what do you say like one no
fluffy light blue you so I think you say
at home yeah red jacket boom
you're so cool not easy game for
geniuses genius you're intelligent
yes seriously rude did your um from the
camera it's just too long as a lot of
editing
Oh cap I think question okay does your
problem this is a lobster is your
problem effect is your problem affecting
you right now when does your problem
affect you um guacamole and corn and
black bean salsa okay is your problem
you guys are addicted to food that
jacket she wears reject when she's
disparaging I am i around what what did
you say again walk amalaki moly organ
black bean salsa is it things that are
in here i jacket you'll see those
anywhere is my bridge okay you're right
hi questions again che and we gave her
those let them go around once anchors
what do you feel like when you have this
problem usually when I don't take my
pills how many times days morning same
problem oh yeah so it's not specific to
each person no we're all do they problem
we're all one one black one crazy person
would you say good when I don't take my
MIT can't forget yours why do you have a
problem about three times a day
it is a smarty pants that does Santa
Claus have this problem oh this is yes
or no no okay okay okay um we have a
morning what's a name is gay
psychiatrist do you need to see it's
like yes okay um what time of the day
do you experience this problems most I'm
very that all right thing that's wants
to help me you know what hahaha he's
insane
are you guys are you all crazy yeah yeah
that's it
ask another question probably hear other
crazy right now straining I feel like
there's a good time how long is this
clip seven minutes secure me to cut it
am I supposed to try to like link all
the things you said does that say no
question is your problem that you can't
answer yes or no questions 642 exactly
joke close why can't you battle is silly
oh yeah what different one am I gonna
get the right answer in the next twenty
okay okay how how okay when did this
problem start 6.2 exactly should I need
to ask somebody else a questions I need
to change your questions yeah I'm
worried about shambles okay what's your
gonna be one like what's your favorite
color yeah which favorite color 9:30
what is your favorite food
um pink what's your favorite animal
pizza
what's your favorite time of the day doc
these are rotating food and animals yes
- yes - three to be okay okay what uh
what's your favorite show to watch on TV
what kind of car to drive doctors these
are all addicted to TV Oh what's your
favorite I remember you guys have it a
Ford Fusion SEL they're all cars
okay pay attention to what you're asking
wanna be smart okay okay listen the
joke's on you guys I've got it as
alright okay what's your favorite color
a for fusion SEO what's your favorite
place to vacation at purple so you're
talking about his the color of his car
this is my game day yes okay we're gonna
have to be a song video just so you know
the questions faster you can pick okay
okay okay what uh yeah okay you go to
take a pee Galla Oregon coast where do
you work
the bathroom oh that's the question
before you
don't ask
okay first one out
