hey everybody what's going on kiss me is
my Betty it's my belly woman right there
my spots are it's my spot girl hey girl
it's my sponsor eg
yeah it's the spot girlfriend
tea pants coupons what are you doing
well suppose I get all this information
there's all this attention all sudden
talking you guys just can't interrupted
us hello what's going on Shay Carl what
well that's what we're trying to decide
but Bronx won't let us edit the video
cuz he keeps making me taken now hello
everybody we are in Utah a case of veers
house look there's Kaylee's Christmas
tree not a beautiful snowy Christmas
tree all the way to the tippy top of a
tome what the deal is babe princess tart
and so we're doing one day today and
then Kaylee dance dance Kaylee karlie
dance
dance karlie dance to start dance
alright I'll go downstairs oh I gotta
get up I've been asleep on this floor oh
okay
whoa got up too fast rush
keeper just ate it all right buddy
you're doing too much dancing she was
trying to do a spin room when he felt
the support okay so here's what's up
we're in Utah we came here last night
and then we stayed up till 3:00 in the
morning playing games and I have all
that footage prob about 23 minutes of
hilarious footage of us playing the
spoons game on my cousin you guys
remember that 2009 New Year's we got
those spoons and like whacked my cousin
on the top of the head and there's
somebody who stands behind him and snaps
him on the back of the head we did that
to my other cousin and it's some
hilarious footage but we just got back
from sledding all day behind
four-wheelers which I also have plenty
of footage but then I fell asleep
because Casey made his famous deer bacon
chili and it just hit me and I fell
asleep on the floor for like four hours
and instead of editing the video and
Plus+ gage do you guys have internet
here no why you don't have internet do
you hold on let me ask the expert mr.
elf do you have internet here no cos KZ
Kaylee boobs California they turned it
off so we're about an hour and a half
away from our house and we decided to
spend the night here so well do you want
to or not you've been bugging me all day
tell these guys
yeah okay I'll I'll stop making excuses
watch sunt arduous trip where should I
stand are you gonna jump on it yeah guys
watch this check this out are you gonna
jump come jump over here here son tard I
want you to jump over this here baby
tard what do you want like what
what's a publishable is it like lick
step okay watch yeah guys the darts
gonna jump on his scooter he's been
wanting to show me
Cooper you back some physical therapy
yeah you can
nice jump good nice alright we'll be
back on schedule tomorrow know where you
won't miss tomorrow's won't take Sunday
but in Monday I got a lot of fun footage
yeah that's on schedule anyway it's
happy Saturday to you guys
diamond diamonds are forever gage give
me a Power Rangers dance my child ladies
and gentlemen that's the Power Ranger
dancing it's tough what yeah you have to
go arm wrestle your cousin to be all the
right on the scooter and the fight
begins
all right love you guys kisses
