couple creeks kiria I'm going with
skiing it's beautiful day to get some
turns in who remembers this hat I bought
this hat like four years ago and I was a
radio DJ we were doing a live remote
from my cold navy I think love it it's
really warm actually so soft the inside
of this thing like Big Bird had to die
to give us this hat and we thank him
don't ask what Big Bird had to give for
this part just saying all right Ian
I guess what guess what genius forgot
the main thing that you need when you go
at least you brought your snowboard but
he's gonna be going coatless today and
it is not warm we just got about a foot
of new snow and it is cold up there and
Logan McKay doesn't have to rely on the
warmth of his wolf ha I'm gonna be
howling it frostbite dude howling it
hypothermia Oh howling hypothermia
you're gonna be here take this blanket
dude you can wrap it around you on the
way up the chairlift we can make it into
a poncho you got some rubber bands and
some staples to make your thing I've
ever done
yeah I would let you borrow mine but I'm
wearing it because it's cold outside
guys I'm wearing a helmet this is hard
for me I'm a prideful skier to me
helmets aren't cool I grew up in an age
we didn't wear helmets it was cool to be
dangerous I got a helmet I'm an old man
now with four kids and responsibilities
so I'm wearing a Brighton bucket
meanwhile Logan's searching through the
lost and found to see if he can find a
coat torso he doesn't freeze yeah that
guy who just said hi to us he jumped
over me I have to go back to try to find
it he was a skateboarder at jumped over
me on that ramp you remember Shay go
find that footage shade I'm gonna regret
saying this to Shay later Shay oh that
is not a problem at all Shay the video
that you are referring to is titled
skateboarder jumps over fat guy filmed
April 5th 2009 little-known fact you're
about a hundred and six pounds heavier
that day haha you've double lard I'm
Shay touch hands before you jump me
before you kick my face in okay Spencer
you're gonna jump me why do I have the
feeling that that's gonna be the last
thing I ever
say one of these days better and better
looking just was in the lost and found
set his gloves down on the lost and
found table to look through a coat and
some kids came in and saying Caro some
gloves they're like yeah I just go over
there in the lost and found table they
just grabbed Logan's gloves so now Logan
doesn't have any gloves because see we
can find these kids and beat him up get
some other gloves you like at all this
sweet outfit all planned out and now you
have borrowed gloves and a borrowed coat
don't find those kids I'll see him when
their puts in those pockets is there
some weed in there smoking weed up here
yeah are there drugs in that and that
coat Logan remember those kids look like
up to the launch real quick and see B
see him got some chalk there's some
tobacco somebody's be missing that long
cut that's old
nothing's worse than lost and found
tobacco part that makes me laugh is that
Logan had this whole outfit plan like
his gloves were matching his coat was
matching his pads are matching his
snowboard his goggles match everything
just puts it together so he's just cool
and now he's wearing a hat me down
gloves look at these cool board in there
a little bit crusty on the inside I'm
trying to keep up his wolf fashion he
put it on his borrowed coat and then I
put on his wolf shirt over a cool
starter coat with shoe in the pocket
dude look at this mountain it looks it's
foggy they did get into six new inches
of snow last night but it is still early
season conditions I'm seeing weeds rocks
mud and there's a Bigfoot something I
couldn't think of anything funny right
there
I couldn't have anything that would be
random and funny I was gonna say a train
car for some reason I thought huh that
wasn't funny I was dumb you guys just
saw it on funny moment I know it's rare
I know I know sometimes it happens
that's train car what what are you
tugging at a Red Bull gives me wings
like in the drive it's right me that if
I bought this and drink it that I'd be
good so I did it
who's Travis right you don't know
dear Isis hey that's Katie rice is that
like tear oh wait that's like an
investing firm anyways we're up here at
Pebble Creek this is where I grew up
ladies and gentlemen
many many many a day spent right here on
this mountain me and my buddy is all
over this place I miss it and I'm
excited to be here I hope the fog lifts
when we get up above the fog line if
there's a fog line oh nice move anyways
look at you can see trees and bushes are
still kind of sticking up okay good
can't be in Idaho on a snow day without
sledding this is a giant sledding hill
rock hard already went outside miss you
know not snow in his pants let's do a
giant fit so we'll see I'm not so sure
how it's gonna go girl I'm freezing my
eyes are watering they won't stop I've
closed my turn are you excited we're
gonna hear there's a little bit confused
not sure this is his sled he's gonna
ride in the little kitty bog and kitty
techno kitty buggin baby fine you might
go again yeah
grandpa give him a lunch
he's smiling this time Prince is tart
are you having fun
let me see it's fun now huh go princess
hard
let's see you hear the jump baby - are
you having fun
do you like bread anyone good by
yourself bond with Kearney here comes
carly and Cooper or Sun tarde he was
going really fast
oh there he goes look clear down there
he's bombing it he jumps out on his
tummy that gives him a good push off oh
yeah Cooper you're a good sweater he
goes oh fun that find you and do it
again yeah okay let's go again okay baby
try let's it go by yourself you can do
it okay rock hard let's go again it's
Ted we're gonna take you guys with us
okay grab low we're ready okay ready
I know I've been eating a lot
good job little man he's so funny just
kind of quiet and then all the sudden
that's fun do again that's kind of a
little bit on me right now I'm not sure
why but look how adorable he looks in
this outfit oh okay let's see your
outfit dude oh you're the best little
snow baby in the world did you like
going down by yourself I know we'll get
there dude you're pretty a tough little
cookie little girl this is the job is it
is the kid when you're sledding and
snowing you would always get snow in
your ankles and on your wrists and then
your gloves would fall off and it was
always cold and obnoxious how come that
doesn't happen as an adult
maybe we're just used to it maybe that's
it
or maybe we just don't care we're just
having too much fun snow on your pants
and you don't care snow on your pants
and snow on your pants
okay finally oh my gosh she's going far
bye see you later good luck on the way
back this heart is gonna take rock-hard
and I'm nervous don't crash okay hey
good job I'm ready your crazy person
nice that was pretty good I'm impressed
I'm impressed try it again dude all
right good job Cooper okay I know right
let's try it orange pants on the ground
I love it and Shay and Logan are
actually skiing today so she and Shay
Sun is going down the shapes we found in
clouds up honey
all right let's do it again yeah good
job
rocked I'd go home any hot chocolate oh
yeah let's go drink hot chocolate
every good sledding trip deserves a
little hot chocolate at the end okay
baby Dora do you like your hot chocolate
why why not
what I like about it you don't like the
flavor you don't like the chocolate well
I like mine my dinner
no man cuts hostess how about you well
it's got one in there chocolate I think
Brock try to make the charges no that's
your hot chocolate because it's hot but
that's the whole idea of it it's hot
chocolate even when it's warm they
didn't like it though
like tears for hot chocolate so I know
we came up here to ski but we spent most
of our time thinking Instagram picture
it's so pretty it's frustrating because
you try to take a picture to show but
it's not as good as in real life you
know are you getting yourself me and
Logan are addicted to taking pictures
does that mean we're vain it doesn't
mean we're van it just means we enjoy
beauty really enjoy beauty and the art
of our Heavenly Father's creation gods
we've been skiing so long my beard
astern Dwight I am now an old Santa
Claus dude it's so freezing and then I
can fill it my mustache this is what's
good is when you drink pop that's warm
you just strain it through your ice
stash and it pulls it down for you at
kool-aid cools it down for you wait done
crazy man whoa nice live just the
gymnastics gym the couch nastic 360 off
the couch I was impressive princess hard
rock Idol good rock jar can you do a 360
like that do a 360 off the couch let's
see it jump show print the start oh now
mommy's doing it whoa Cooper cool rock
dry watch bridge the start do this can
you do that jump nice job that was sweet
360 nice do it rock charge to 360
dude that is really good gymnast watch
princess re-watch her watch
spin like that can you spin spin yeah
one day more just saw Leamas
and all's I have to say is lay Oscar for
Hugh Jackman
it was great Anne Hathaway was great she
wasn't in the movie as long every actor
in that movie got their chance to do
like the real raw emotional tears
streaming down their face song and I was
impressed definitely impressed I don't
want to say this but I feel like there
were some parts that didn't need to be
saying I know people that don't like
musicals probably didn't like that it
was a musical I liked it it was musical
because there was some definitely but I
didn't think they needed to sing as much
we are we were literally the last ones
in the theater well especially what's
his name Javert oh well I think it was
good I think yeah it was good he
definitely did have the best voice of
the whole the crew yeah really I thought
it was I don't like the one girl who he
didn't like that loved him she was good
Marius that dude he could sing I loved
every time he sing I thought he was
sweet you know what we need to do in
this parking lot we do some cookies
there's plenty of snow babe remember a
couple years ago one of the vlogs I was
doing cookies in the van I always you
need to get out and film me doing some
cookies real quick let me go over here
let me go over here yeah I got emotional
I didn't fall out cry but I felt that
like you know like that feeling you know
and your heart gets like I can cry right
now okay cool I get out of the car film
me doing some awesomeness shake Carlos
poor little van are you done yet he
thinks he's Tom Cruise hey Tom could I
get in the car yet it's cold milady your
chariot awaits mr. Cruz can I get in the
car get in I'm Jack Reacher in a
rear-wheel drive car you have to go in
reverse to do a proper cooking that's so
much fun I love it and this is just your
friendly neighborhood reminder to thumbs
up and favorite this video because you
smiled I saw I installed a secret spy
cam on your computer I saw you smiling
if you smiled you have two thumbs up
that's one of the rules of the game
right rock card that's right and also if
you're feeling lucky which you are
because I also can feel your lucky bone
right there yeah it's a little greasy
anyways go check out our skiing video
Logan McKay 55 my little brother he
edited together a really cool ski video
of us chilling on the mountain yesterday
did a really good job and you guys
should all go check it out so click on
that little spinny smiley face right
there and go watch Logan's edit of me
and him shred in the hill and we'll see
you tomorrow
