wait if I'm 13 that means I can eat two
milkshakes and it won't affect me at all
Yeah right
hello hello good morning everybody
today is a great day because every day
is a great day I mean it is if you make
it that way
Jackson why is it not a great day for
you at the moment see mommy does a lot
of boogers in your nose no I'm good
early red I'm Sookie guy oh he wants to
earn one of those stick when they call
this tickling toys that you like suction
the sticky man toys anyways he really
wants one of those he's got to do some
tours to earn it huh yeah and dachshunds
eaten his eggs it's crazy here why not
just crazy anyways crap where's your
roller skates
Rock showed me some roller skates made
today with his car taping us but you'll
have to show us later okay cuz that's
hilarious big monster trucks he taped
him to champion to his feet that's mom
look I love his little cute little mind
he's really thinking I don't think good
ideas of that sticky sticky BOTS okay
Gavin are you bummed you're not coming
on this girl's day yeah do you want to
be a girl I wish I could be a girl well
we're having a girls day with the girls
oh the girlies my daughters I don't wish
I can be a girl because when I go up
I'll be pregnant her yeah that is a very
good point but it does hurt anyways I
don't want talking about
a bad memories okay um we're going on a
girls day
okay all right love you guys you could
to hang out with dad he's cool too
but you won't be singing you won't be
singing Taylor Swift all day so well
fader we're okay first stop on our girls
day what every girl needs milkshakes all
right okay maybe not maybe a chicken
sandwich first and then maybe milkshake
can I get a wish getting a milkshake you
can't stop me remember I'm having a good
time
I've been informed by the ladies that I
am NOT what am i I'm a teenager yet year
13 a teenage a CCTVs and 13 so she's a
to refocus is that a good in childhood
and where do a bunch of fun stuff cuz
she put two your teenager now so like
she could jump one place now I do also
ties to commit now start without Kurt up
so secretly you heard it I'm 32 Becky
what's wrong - don't you alphabetize it
again if it's a bad you're not just how
much
huh we are jealous we're jealous that
our bodies aren't 13 anymore if I'm 13
that means I can eat two milkshakes and
it won't affect me at all
Yeah right look I think all right I can
usually only have one when I'm done you
don't get full on candy I know you don't
yeah I've we're all sick we eat sugar we
just don't realize it
cam 39 she's here she's eight wait to
see cuz she's long do okay break you two
fools
wait I get it soon all right I've been
tagged as it I'm gonna get hurt cause
when you think okay maybe not that tall
it helps to be tall on the playground
that's a good hiding spot
but she's it you need me to save you
wait are you in yes shoot
oh good can we get on again okay
every girls day now needs what is every
girl's gonna I mean every girl's day
need shopping shopping every what did
you say first hi Cal oh yeah I was
showing up maybe we should get that one
for dad something this is the cow babe
do you want a picture of a cow in our
bathroom it's that weird this is really
cute that is cute so cute oh that is
cute dude yes every girl say needs a
little shopping even if you don't buy
anything it's fun to window-shop but
let's be honest will probably buy
something we actually have some gift
cards that I've had for a while for
t.j.maxx and we're going to get some
things but believe we really want to go
don't get needless stuff we'll find some
stuff we want though wait where'd you go
I lost some oh did you help us buy
let's go drink a hot chocolate it's
gonna be too cold
goodbye hmm
that's it buddy let's body either
Slurpees now mr. beach ichika I'm magic
okay never mind uh see ya all right
every girls day has to end with a little
bit of sugar and since I already had a
milkshake I'm not getting one as I'm
stuffed already and we got the boys on
because they had a new flavor and it's
so good it's like caramelized pineapple
oh it tastes like like Hawaii
it's really awesome so we got something
for the boys to try for when we get home
but anyways we had a blast
I found some new shoes that I'm really
pumped about I'll have to show you guys
later
like I just put them on and they made me
so happy I'm not taking them off I'm not
taking them off I'm not even gonna take
them off to pay for him I don't care I'm
not wearing right now but I'm going to
show you later and I bought them
actually for a special trip that Shay
and I are going to go on so anyways I
will show you my new shoes later did we
have fun today you guys I love her yes I
had a blast thanks for taking me on a 13
year old adventure I definitely had fun
I love you guys
yeah hey did mom vlog this yet she did
she didn't Gavin tell us what happened
she did
cute picture Shay Brock why no you saw
before instead of rolling it was his
head and then he was like maybe I should
roll down upstairs we roll it up it did
you say that out loud or in your mind so
you were just like pushing it with your
head you got to the edge of the stairs
and you just thought what if I just
pushed it one more time and it went
tumbling down and then what happened and
he put the watermelon down the stairs
did what happened to it what happened to
the watermelon you drop it did it
explode just like the watermelon shark
video we made while ago say that
watermelon shirt Brock do not roll
watermelons down the stairs that is a
very valuable precious fruit I don't
care you're wasting good watermelon
I'm sorry mr. melon I'm gonna make you
eat this whole thing
if I don't first Oh My heavens here hold
that way yeah Nick got it okay so now
that you've David Leonard bend it and
you threw something off of a tall thing
don't roll watermelon downstairs anymore
all right best gooey mess in the world
I love the derry-o the best world eat it
thank you well before I cleaned it up
that was all of the walls on the stairs
for Colette texted me and she sent me
the picture and she said now he's really
worried that you're gonna be mad at him
I said tell him that if he cleans it up
I won't be mad at him and apparently
what was the spider-man mask did he had
the spider-man mask on under was it just
down there what was going on with that I
was just down there you ever done
anything like that when you're a kid hey
Gavin how about when you stabbed
trampoline holes in our trampoline when
Gavin was Brock's age I had this giant
machete that we keep look at I got on my
mission and Gavin thought it'd be funny
to do what step translate marriages he
acts murdered the trampoline and stabbed
a bunch of wolves that I did this he was
busted what a little trampoline yeah
where's the little Chaplin oh it's
underneath the love sack let's do some
beanbag trampoline love sack jumping
Avia how you doing girlfriend avi you're
doing girlfriend baby
how you doing girlfriend flip flip flip
how you doing girlfriend
I don't even ask how was the girl's day
you guys had a good girls day was that
fun yeah what'd you guys do get ice
cream nails did typical stuff I'm sure
I'll see it all when I edit it which I
probably already did I hated the jelly
oh hi was it not good
Gavin House mom what are you doing hey
babe Oh Joe head but happy 5-year
anniversary
they're doing it longer than that now
your uh pantry cleaning we're organizing
it's a crazy mess in here all right
clean it up it looks good
yeah bullets and lightbulbs bullets and
light bulbs same shelf why not
again the Democrats coming I think more
other emphasis this time bigger Rust
Belt
there is a lack of concern for college
votes or Donna funk its completion to
the west
Ohio Iowa sponson Pennsylvania Larry Dax
come back up this stage to perform for
us it will show us your dance show us
your dance as well as my knowledge heal
her I think a would be a signal of that
shit I like it this time we're told now
our reporting suggests Omni and get arc
and others who are following up very
closely is that they're not going to put
off the enough situation to paint to
juggle with we have an attack we're not
sure what kind of attack it is he's way
more entertaining the live conventions
seriously I'm curious have you ever done
anything like that when you were a kid 5
6 7 where you weren't thinking but then
like your mom and dad freaked out one
time me and my brother Casey were in the
bathtub together and we grabbed my
grandpa's shaving gel and we started
spraying it all over the side of the
shower and like writing our names like
drawing pictures it was this giant
brand-new bottle of this like I remember
it was like this ultra gel shaving gel
it would shoot really far and we wasted
this entire can just spraying it on each
other and writing on the walls and my
mom came in and was like what are you
doing
I've done that too as a parent where you
walk in and it's like Oh Mike what do
you think about Back to the Future Marty
McFly when he tells his parents at the
end of the enchantment under the sea
dance what does he tell them he says
remember he says hey when you have a kid
someday he might set fire to the living
room rug
go easy on them so it's like we've all
had those moments it's a tale as old as
time where you're just a kid and you're
like I want to see what that does I want
to like test the limits I want to push a
watermelon down the stairs
what is your moment what have you done
and have you freaked out at your kids
for those moments so remember what Marty
McFly asked his parents go easy on him
all right love you guys hope you had a
great day hope this made you smile and I
will see you tomorrow okay give me kiss
back
