with a gumdrop so I just woke up it's
about 6:30 at night I had one of those
moments where I fell asleep earlier this
afternoon
I woke up thinking what time is it what
day is it
I wasn't sleeping oh my gosh so I was so
tired I was just out I go downstairs and
Shay is still editing a Christmas vlog
you guys he is so dedicated to this and
I'm so grateful that he's doing this I
feel awful because he started this
morning after we all opened our presents
he sat down started editing the vlog and
the kids with their little hearts they
cleaned all their stuff up we cleaned
the house we ate some lunch
fell asleep took a nap and I wake up and
go in the office and Shay's finishing up
his edit and he's not just like throwing
it up there he's watching it through
it's an hour in like 15-20 minutes long
he's watching it through to make sure
that it's up to par hey your dress is
beautiful grandma taught her that dress
and got baby turd this sparkly pink
dress her name is hello Paloma hi
Bellomo your beautiful one glad you're
all dressed up I'm still in my jammies
she's was your dollas rose our she's
beautiful Komets gnarly well her hair is
just beautiful it's just so much fun to
brush isn't it let me why don't you get
Samantha and play well we have been a
little bit huh
I'm gonna go check on your dad though
because he's been working so hard
let's go see how she is doing honey
are you still alive I basically hate
myself i watch this I've just decided
that I hate myself and all of you oh I
just like I'm sure that's good it's a
weird vortex because we just lived all
this and it's such like an extreme
experience with so many
they're just like watching it back all
over it's like a weird Groundhog Day
it's like I just set all that stuff like
I'm tired of it that's the hardest part
I forgot
the hardest part about editing the vlogs
is I do I get sick of myself and so I
get done editing like every little thing
that you say and then you start to
notice all the little you know things
that you say in your speech like
problems and likes and all that stuff
and you're just like oh stop saying that
I'm so tired of myself right now
in the future I'm editing this thing
shut up Shay I hate you right now
you cleaner do you like your toys no
wait a second I think that meant is you
yes yarn do it again yeah okay high five
oh right flip this over can't leave it
there don't touch it look see if it
works this time
what yeah that's awesome you do it again
mom may be doing this for the next six
months every day all day long let's show
him this toy huh that's cool I think
these ones next to the American Girl
dolls are my favorite I'm gonna be
playing with rock stars boys oh there it
is you found it you want to try it again
yeah okay let's do it again
good push it on there good job honey
what out all there go I love you so much
turn around try again
hi girls I was reading here oh no what
is on your face unicorn blood isn't it
beautiful
what odd this book I don't know
the Bernstein bears I used to read those
books when I was little and I loved I
can my furnace done is not right
she believes like it says that they
believe in God say they're players
oh yeah that's nice it's loose to God I
never use do you believe in God awesome
I love you go so much oh my goodness
princess hard
she looks pretty beautiful for my dates
well tell us what you're doing beautiful
snap nice down here
your lips look very beautiful just love
is a king better to kiss us my what's
next what's that miss please we are oh
yeah okay sigh in Manilla lip smacker
Jolly Rancher nails today they're gonna
smell and taste the ladies we see
grandma's love the lips grandma baby
tired
this is baby tired and princes hearts
too long time oh she said my eyes are
crumpled II that's cuz I'm a grandma
well guess what honey we're all gonna
have crumply eyes pretty soon on your
nose did you just put on her nose yeah
no we're learning new tricks of the
trade here this is great my crazy eyes
these tricks are gonna be like
revolutionary for the industry are you
having fun baby tard yeah so this is
makeup nails hair and massage
oh really oh so now you're up in your
prices well even though you're up your
prices that's still a great deal the
servants makeup the servants are you the
service wait what oh she's doing
something to my ears that interesting
what is that another Jolly Ranchers lip
smelling yumminess it looks beautiful it
looks much like she did her own today
very pink Pinkalicious oh thank you rock
time thank you you're such a good sport
grab up good job princess art Oh watch
out for rock card once rocked art comes
into the Sun things get serious show
your mom your finger now no fighting or
farting let's see your nails
oh that is so pretty I think it's
probably time to get out the Batman
stuff again ma need to get some boy in
yeah oh thank you camera you guys have a
pretty nail on
all right it's 11 o'clock on Christmas
night and Shay all I hear is screaming
down here hi darling
oh just a live TV don't honey you say hi
to everybody
princess heart even did this braid what
do you think my children are learning
things I never thought no and baby
turned evil to get to play with your
little mermaid toy that you got baby
thar got a little mermaid boat you know
that part a little mermaid and they're
floating in the blue a good doctor can
very well say hi it's Heidi anybody you
better watch out you're gonna come out
of here with makeup all of it he doesn't
mind he likes it so he's just doing a
live we are almost at a million
subscribers and I am gonna get let's dad
shame on you fix it no you're not you're
not cuz look the SUBSCRIBE thing but I'm
gonna wait and you're gonna be the a
millionth subscriber and you know what
the million subscriber gets ya kick in
the butt yeah one three year whole year
of kicking the butts I'm still gonna
stay here and refresh hot Shaytards vlog
we're gonna hit refresh Caleb 999 963
972 428 away twenty-eight away i'ma hit
subscribe as soon as we're at nine nine
nine nine nine nine there you'll have a
hundred guys trying to be I know people
will unsubscribe right now and then
they'll wait and they'll try to be the
million subscriber but I'm gonna try to
play it with his account so he's about
to subscribe me I don't care
long as we get to
million that's right Vinny's 7,500
that's your account you mind if I tell
people your account that's loss Vinny's
7,500 now you're gonna get a bunch of
subscribers people will go subscribe
ok good go subscribe to cool let's dad k
where we at 972 974 hours so close yeah
there's me a lot about chickens going
around we can strip on the beach you
know my Internet's more cold are that's
ok you might have to push it through
seconds when we're at 9 98 I'll hit it
and we'll see 1974 OC look I just went
down to people are unsubscribing because
they want to get a million yeah so the
girls have been here singing songs and
I've been on Twitter
reading out here tweets people are
saying you're Bobby Dodd says let me be
the first to say congrats Kevin McKee
I'm gonna unsubscribe then risa be your
million subscriber see people are
telling me that on Twitter and their
unsubscribing but don't worry because
I'm gonna subscribe because they want to
try to be the millions and then there's
people I want us million well it will
once it hits a million then once it hits
a million officially then it'll go over
but people are just waiting is they want
to like hit that million okay let's go
right now nine nine nine nine 77 come on
big money big money 976 hey it's going
down they'll bounce back and forth like
this for a few minutes
okay just a minute be quiet
maybe we're out one word fresh air 976
crazy so close we are eight subscribers
away
we are million family members damn
refreshing we are two subscribers away
okay I'm just gonna wait for a second
I'm gonna hit subscribe on your account
Vince and I'm gonna hit refresh and
hopefully we'll be at a million ok
subscribe wait subscribe it's not doing
nothing
it's not working maybe it's slow it's
really uh it's trying to hold on
you're right it is this fastest coal-tar
I might have unsubscribed cuz I hit it
twice
oh no oh snap oh come on great circle of
death refresh the page oh my head
look it just jumped to a million
sixty-three trying to do it yeah I may
just hit a million sixty that's so cool
to have another comma I worked hard for
that comma that one little comma I love
you comma
I want to touch that comma I love that
comma that's so cool
you always $10 I don't know how that
works
yep that's right dinner all the
Shaytards
that's so cool that's awesome okay you
guys we just went and changed Vince's
username because it was any 7,500 and
this is just a tip for all of you out
there who want to start a YouTube
channel it's never good to have numbers
and weird things you know like halo
killer X X 9 7 11 12 nobody's ever gonna
remember that that's the advice I always
give anybody starting a YouTube account
make it something that's easy to
remember like your name that's hard to
remember right so Vince Crofts
is a brand new YouTube user account oh
you haven't subscribed to Shaytards on
this one let's just do you a favor real
quick please let's go ahead let's give
me another subscriber here anyways look
this is the avatar that we picked for
him this is actually who did that
painting whom I brought my
brother-in-law Stuart so this to her at
all this was a younger Vince Crofts and
he said well well I have to like wear
toupee now listen ovince they all love
you just how you are so that's what the
Internet's about is looking better than
you actually do right yeah right ladies
out there who have Katy Perry as your
avatar huh you know you who I'm talking
about anyways go subscribe to Vince he's
gonna start doing music on youtube.com
cuz he that's what he does for a living
anyways but he just does it live he's
never done it on the WWC yet but he's
gonna start putting up videos honey come
sing a song with your dad here she comes
maybe they'll have one up tomorrow go
check it out I just had that after
Christmas lull you know when Christmas
is finally over that feeling more like
all the excitement you know and then
it's like huh it's all over it just
barely barely hit me on the night of
December 26th I think just with the
Shaytards special going up and all that
excitement and usually it happens to me
like on Christmas Day after all the
presents are open and everybody just
like takes the Christmas afternoon nap
that's when that Christmas Lowell
usually hits me you don't I mean where
it's like oh it's over but because of
the shade hurts Christmas special I was
like reliving all of those moments while
I was editing them it still felt like
the excitement of Christmas and then
getting it up and then all the comments
I've been reading I've been reading
comments all day long on my phone I've
had to charge my phone two times today
because I've been on an all day reading
the comment
and now we're driving home we're filling
up gas and I just had that like
Christmas law where it's like huh it's
over
oh it's done but New Year's is coming
New Year's
it's snowing and I'm gonna go skiing
hopefully tomorrow if not tomorrow
Friday you see the snow I got it
these kids at the bus stop we'd always
pretend like we're smokin and we ever do
that get sticks I'm ten you're smokin I
don't know why smoking it's not
glamorous or cool it's bad for you and
you will die and it makes your steak I
think you lose more than that what they
say is for every cigarette think about
that one cigarette and you take five
minutes off your life think of
everything you can do in five minutes
you can beat up your sister you could
annoy your brother new job you can hoppy
skippity jump you don't want to miss out
on a hop skip and a jump do you put that
cigarette down five minutes that's five
minutes with your children to hop
skippity jump which leads me to my next
question what are your new year's
resolutions don't not make a new year's
resolution just because you kind of feel
jaded like oh I never fulfill them you
can never give up that's the secret to
life is continually trying to make
yourself better so what is it think of
at least one one new year's resolution I
got to think of mine what's mine gonna
be I was kind of thinking about writing
in my journal every day I kind of do it
daily thing already in my life
when you write in your journal it's
different cause then you write like your
real intense feelings that you don't
care cuz nobody else is gonna see you so
you just put them on paper but I found
that right into your journal those
little thoughts being able to get those
out helps make decisions and I don't
know it does a lot for you anyways think
of one leave me comments below I want to
know what are your new year's
resolutions what are you gonna try to do
to make yourself better in 2013 well
you're gonna watch a Shaytards video
every single day and the year 2013 and
thumbs up and favorite and comment and
Facebook and tweet every single
Shaytards video ever put up in 2013 all
365 of them cool that's a great New
Year's resolution I totally support you
because I'm so fast
