it is Christmas Eve and welcome to the
Shaytards Christmas special jingle bells
jingle bells jingle all the way oh what
fun it is to ride in a one-horse open
sleigh hey jingle bells jingle bells
jingle all the way oh what fun it is to
ride one
oh hey bro what's up no hard feelings
right you ready to have a good Christmas
huh Oh chicken feet merry Christmas to
you I see the chicken ones you chicken
hi chicken good morning chicken good
morning oh sorry bro this might be
awkward for you yeah
that's your aunt and uncle's right there
dad you are a heartless Beast you're
making chicken wings on Christmas Eve
the best you know he doesn't like
chicken wings I'm sorry bro that's so
embarrassing
all right the levears are here they
brought their delicious guacamole and
fresh salsa which is very delicious guac
guacamole rock dark-haired rutgard
hair dip it dip that in the salsa
let's get your consensus on what you
think dip it in the salsa
oh yeah it's some chunky salsa dropped
all the salsa bro get some salsa juice
on there at least it's only 11:30 in the
morning and I've already eaten more than
I should have for the entire day I don't
care it's Christmas I'm gonna fatten up
what's going on ladies we ready Girl
Talk totes of a what an amazing wine for
you
are you guys playing with your makeup
that the platform sent you do you want
to see it
what is the platform by the way the
newest and latest upcoming of all things
that women Beauty fashion makeup and a
lot of amazing people like Andrea's
choice
yeah I'm Camilla feel like you said that
where he andreaschoice
andreaschoice Kenny Johnson so they sent
them all these girls you want to try a
little different you know they send they
see as a Christmas present is amazing
they have their own things OMG what are
those kawaii I sell the brand what is
that
you suck loser is that what why a self
sense for you suck loser ha ha ha
check it out the girls were all freaking
out about it the platform is like the
newest beauty and fashion channel on
YouTube with all the beauty gurus hope
you guys are all having to Merry
Christmas this is one of my favorite
pictures to remind us of what Christmas
is really all about that Santa Claus
kneeling to the baby Jesus I really like
that every knee shall bow Philippians
2:10 that's really cool
hark the herald angels sing glory to the
newborn King peace on earth and mercy
mild God and sinners reconciled joyful
all ye nations rise join the triumph of
the sky
what they're having so much coca
collides what is that oh is that snow
you guys are making coca-cola slushies
let me have a bite it out is it good
let me try so they went outside that
looks like mashed potatoes and gravy
kind of they went outside and got snow
in her pouring cocoa tastes like Kobe
urine
you sure Kobe did beyond that snow
better make sure you get the Queen right
snow was white
what are you laughing at k steal a beer
you added in Casey's editing a video
robbed are you having - Merry Christmas
say Merry Christmas dad it wouldn't be
Christmas unless we had mommy cards
delicious more Ashley great grandma
tarts the hobro you you picked out those
marshmallows and tell people this is
what we had for our wedding
like our reception a hole dry huh when
people came to our wedding reception
this is what we made for them delicious
yeah
all right we're in
all right come see us we want good deals
look at his face is there a what are
good big brothers for if it's not to
make your little brother we're shopping
last-minute stuff I got to get Colette
some stocking stuffers cuz we get each
other stockings every year what if they
had rotary flip phones think about that
you could open up a phone and it had
like a little you know a rotary thing
you like turn the dial to be like a like
a novelty item you're gonna give us a
discount
Buie your brothers don't show me lovers
can get me a aisle with the other
co-workers and have a gun shoot off dude
this is my scanner I'll meet you at the
CDs checkout stand at high noon alright
so this what I'm getting pull out for
her stocking iPhone cases and you know
she loves this mint candy thought the
candy lip stuff and ear buds need you to
gift wrap these love call the manager
only talk to your manager all right
grandma tard I hope you like these
earrings and this purse Casey made a
good point the reason not only is a
tradition that go Christmas shopping on
Christmas Eve but you have to make a
decision you're forced to pull the
trigger and that's what I like because a
lot of times throughout the year I'll
see something huh I don't know if she'll
like that I'll just wait but today
you'll have that option you have to buy
something now and I like that that's
action you get things done that way okay
dokay now for next tradition we are here
at the gym which we come to every year I
can't believe this is like the fourth
year that we've come to a gym before on
Christmas Eve so I just realized because
I was reading some of the comments from
yesterday's vlog that in the closet
when we were wrapping the present you
could see Sun tardes helicopter that I
bought him for Christmas and right
before I left me in case you'd have to
go shopping son tired and princes tired
and braley we're all watching the vlog
so I'm gonna call right now and ask him
honestly if he saw what he's getting in
the background of the vlog and we'll see
what he says
dang it I wasn't thinking hey babe hey
let me talk to son heard real quick
they're on their way right now we're
meeting them here
someone asks that Harden and see what he
says hey son tard yeah this is your dad
what's up dude okay so I have a serious
question for you okay and you have to be
honest all right so you know when I left
to go shopping with Kasey and you guys
were watching the vlog did you see what
you're getting for your Christmas
present in the background she did so she
realized that she covered your eyes real
quick you promised you didn't see what
it was cuz if you did I'm gonna use that
present to beat you over the head with
it okay let me talk to princess hard
real quick I think he's telling the
truth he never lies he's the perfect
child hey princess star what's up dawg
so did you cover Sun tards eyes when he
was watching the vlog and the helicopter
was in the background so you didn't see
how did you like Jabba's eyes out oh
you're committed to making sure he did
not see his Christmas present
prematurely all right you're awesome
dude thank you okay we'll see you at the
gym in a minute love you bye
so I think it's still a secret that's
probably one of the coolest I'm excited
to give him this present because I'm
excited to play with it this thing is
huge and the dude that I bought it from
at the mall he said that he's pretty
sure that I could carry a flip camera so
some way I'm gonna get some rubber bands
and like attach to the flip cam to the
helicopter or see if we can fly that
baby go for a ride in the helicopter all
right here goes
son tarde on his penny board skateboard
let's see oh dude hold on tight he just
like popped up out of screen hey buddy
boy you having a good time look at you
man you're getting better and better at
that trap you do a flip do a flip hold
by going do a fraud web jump in the pit
dad you ever jump in the pit yeah let's
see jump in the pit don't be a bro jump
in the pit don't smash your grandson
whoa with your face I love you Oh get
her princess dog yeah everybody come in
here and grab the end of a rope we're
gonna pull mom out of here did you kick
your shoes off with the last seconds
that's impressive right before I threw a
wrench you kick your shoes off show us
what you got there dude
Shay let's say you do a front somersault
into the pit can you do that or no joke
back do a back layout and the end to the
pit
can you do a back way out into the pits
yeah where she went to gymnastics here
to carry over the top that's really guy
Ronnie
all the way
good job mini nice yes they are so
beautiful don't know why you weren't a
cheerleader
cool where did you go good job babe
Carly it's your turn you want
you gotta upstage Shay if you can do it
what did you do I didn't even see my
friend is like a twisty thingy
twisty finish it go Sun tard chicken do
it bro go for it was it intimidating you
could call you a name I see you buddy I
see you go 1 2 3
do you listen out Superman all right
here goes princess I don't see her track
let's see it go
boom alright Sox let's see it that was a
suicide Superman all right rock guard
coming down the halftime noise the
built-in slide front try again okay you
gotta climb up there gotta climb to the
top of the mountain baby tires using a
rope so you think Santa Monica has bars
then you come to Pocatello
oh goodness yeah that's cool I think you
should do it sorry
let's see it practice card go you better
go or just to be somebody else's turn
nice job pull them out of their baby
tard save him grab him by the ankle and
pull him out hurry he's suffocating save
him
there's one little hand get him hurry
baby's hard get him out he'll he has so
much air oh he saved him to Christmas
miracle
good job gage dude you get your hair
done while you're under there
you're told son tired he's into a flip I
want to see it nice job she's practicing
for her diving just jump off that thing
you got it yeah backflip go nope good
backflip
let's see it go right in the middle of
the pit go one just do it just like a
diving board dude just like a diving
board yeah it's exactly like a diving
board one
go on all right the printer started back
flip
that's from 78 feet up go
your aunt Carly's there go one two three
go
just jump off one to see how it feels I
do a front flip go nice okay to make the
leap make Felix Baumgartner proud set
that guy's name Felix the guy that
jumped off the Red Bull stratosphere
thing you think so all right let's see
it nice job impressive princess hard
dude all right
whose turn is it you can do it mommy
tard I believe in you just do it bro
did you pee did you pee in your pants I
need a piece is there pee in your pants
right now come on Bernard is there pee
in your pants mommy tard we need to know
is there urine in your pant you can't
run away from this situation it's good
whoa double backflip then go son tard
flying by okay helicopter ready
you want me to rehire you one three
you did a good job Oh what is that
that's cheap that gave me watch out
nice you did it watch out
whoo
I wish I would simply modify our gym
teacher getting a workout you look so
good babe just keep doing it step 5 nice
talk
we'll be on the Rings oh you ready
don't let go for heavens to Murgatroid
oh you're a pretty Christmas princess
look delicious princess what are you
trying to do are you trying to do a flip
good job
need help
if you're squeamish about your achilles
tendons you should turn away now
because the major pain is coming in
three two yes--she it was surprising at
how excruciatingly painful it was to run
over my grandpa time
good job grandpa cowgirl up mom cowgirl
up to it you live on a farm you used to
be a calf roper get your butt up there
stay cowgirl up that gets her every time
because that's what she's always say to
me when I was afraid to some shake come
on cowboy up he has ever seen 80 seconds
right that movie you know talking about
my to hitting them on the Barbara I'm
trying to act like it does it good job
you're back on top of the horse mom
let's ride this punky know what that
means
don't ride the honky grab aa good job
mom alright now it's time to go home and
eat as much fruit as humanly possible
backflip first everybody do a backflip
ever has to back home Christmas Eve oh
geez
thank you guys for watching and
supporting us I can't believe it's been
four years dude quit copy everything I
say bro go for your own sympathetic I
mean come up with your own charismatic
words you guys why because you watch us
and use our big part of our lives that's
true they are a very big part of our
lives huh and they give us the
opportunity to a lot of fun things don't
they we're very grateful for them this
Christmas the audience is our Christmas
miracle
you you right there yes don't look
behind you you you are a Christmas
miracle
yeah I mean to you you and the next year
and then next year and then next year
and then next year and the next year and
the next you watch out bro them to do a
backflip one more time you guys ready
have you ever done a back flip before
you're about to see if you do from the
side
Merry Christmas
you're doing so good lucky you're
skateboarder
nice job
good job
blue blue blue blue christmas merry
christmas ball meet look it's time to
put this food away of my belly there
were the rings act Christmas Eve is
about slowly stuffing your face
throughout the course I don't know you
just have little nibbles all night long
a little bit of shrimp little wiener
okay why is this tradition I don't know
why you just kind of follow tradition
right and orient just to go in the
bottle I remember every Christmas mom
and dad would always put it or put more
than ones I mean I love her more now
it's more chocolate did you ever get an
orange in the bottom of your stocking I
remember me in case you're always like
what's with the orange in the bottom
they just trying to fill up space that
could have been valuable area for candy
don't not that tell really nice the
orange toe okay I'm gonna go fill it
cool it stuck and I'm gonna make sure
she doesn't see any sneaky oh wait wait
KC looks like this is where we're
wrapping them hey Sam I in there too we
wrap it was here we come in oh what's up
you guys wrapping presents smells like
Christmas in here and Santa's workshop
hey Jillian Michaels what's going on
let's have some killer thumbs and
buttons and thighs all right so that's
for mommy TARDIS present this is all
gonna I got to stop all this in the
stock II got her some headphones or this
is for mommy card games like that case I
got her - I didn't you know shiny ones
she loves lipstick better some other
headphones of stone and a bunch of these
lip things
cool magic bronzy bags
Jessica broke super just talking about
our ancestors and what they would be
doing for Christmas I always think how
cool it would be to know my great-great
grandpa at my age my dad dad's as a 32
year old man just because that's like
who you are right that's your lineage
like to know what he was like when he
was my age he probably had a lot
different concerns
anyways look how blessed we are such a
good eye very I feel very grateful this
year look at all the presents you kids
better be grateful or I'll take everyone
else back I kept the receipts Carly and
Kaylee listen ladies I got your presents
don't look big but there's a lot of
stuff packed in here trust me there's a
lot of panties there's like 800 thongs
in this one bag don't worry me neither
that's gross sure my great-great grandpa
would not want to see that alright it
stopped indeed we got deliciousness
everywhere we got shrimp
we got cocktail sauce that hot buttered
rolls
we got wings ooh look at that steam up
those wings vegetable trays we got
crackers Wheat Thins
crispy fins wakka moly freshly made
salsa chips cheese salami
we got elk roast made by the finest of
health cookers that's touching with love
beer we got meatballs we got olives we
got blondes on chairs yeah it's fun
party come out to stuff our faces dad's
still over here waving away how he
pounds the wings you put together down
BOTS can be 10 pounds of wings how many
how many else chickens platters dad you
want to tell them that these are the
chickens from Mom's backyard relatives
maybe but they're not the same one and
we have rocked our who's already eaten
three rolls and he's a little tired you
get ready for Santa to come
don't talk to me I won't talk about it I
think I'm gonna have me a little eggnog
a little eggnog for daddy's hard right
I don't know let's just sit in here for
10 minutes and see what happens
sure he comes
Hey look I'm in here dude in the office
hey you're supposed to be hiding in the
closet with us where were you out here
did he see you let me tickle your I'm
taking your presents I'd better run I'm
gonna get you oh nice move it's about to
become a real party
Logan's beer koozie in it with Gatorade
how is it good wear that to the baseball
tryouts okay it's a way to hydrate
yourself I dare you to go to a batting
practice without on your helmet hey
coach you too lion punch that's cool I
guess
somebody gave this to Logan furs for how
whatsit what are we doing here this
Christmas okay right it is time to use
mom and dad's wedding trowel to cut the
French I use this mom and dad you guys
remember getting this
thirty three years ago who me you did oh
good char Oh mom you spelled dad's name
wrong hey Carlos I'm gonna use your
wedding trowel to cut the French too
fine now hey Carly here hey Carlos see
what's at the French Dip pine now and
I'll make it for you oh this is so good
Carly grab a plate you can have a little
smidgen of this that's a big smidgen I
got you a big smidgen here actually
there's two plates right there separate
them your wife okay here we go here we
go
oh it's like there you go use the trout
it's hard to blog and trial the pie at
the same time rich silk pie from Perkins
is pretty delicious you know what I'm
gonna do because I'm a crazy fat man I'm
gonna get some of your s'mores and eat
it with the French silk pie just for
texture because the French silk pie is
delicious but it doesn't have the chewy
factor that the s'mores have so I'm
gonna get one of these and I'm gonna put
a piece of the French silk pie on top of
the s'more that's a great idea right
that's a great idea yeah yeah yeah I
think he just heard you from the North
Pole someone's excited to put on their
pajamas okay Sam you get the jam is on
you're not putting your pajamas on dude
you're only nine you're with adults
already hey here comes the kids Donny
got your jammies on Donny
come on buddy yeah turn lights on mom
Luigi Mario rocked are I like your
pajama jammers he doesn't want anybody
there you go little boys are looking
cool looking tough who you guys are
adorable
I think they're planning a choreography
number I can hear him alert they're
thinking of something and then you go on
eight and you go on this robot we're
ready okay we have to go into the living
okay grab worship yeah me yeah we're
ready the living room call you weirdo oh
okay
let's say you have giant chicken pox
dad has ringworm again daddy went out
there playing in the litter box - giant
mammary nipples they were supposed to be
red and white but they turned out to be
pink
yeah love it's like now I'm gonna I'll
go put my v-neck one on mom made it so
we feel like we have to wear Logan's
like I'm gonna go grab mine why did I
get a v-neck here's like your jammers
yeah they're cool what do you think gage
GM are Super Mario Galaxy 2 are you
sponsored by Mario Brothers or something
yeah
these are sponsor 1 cool wrestle and
cousins beat him up beat him up wrestle
him wrestle him get in there Rock chart
get in there rocked are the three boys
gonna beat each other up get him Rock
card get him get him
some card you're in the big kids group
now you can't play that game you're too
big hit the little kids beat each other
up
get a rock tart get them alright come
here back up back away from the fight oh
no I'm not supposed to pick anything up
by the floor I'm an abuser you're lucky
you're not a chicken young man had to be
different different it's on your arms
fans on your arms looking like a fool
with your pants on your arms good job so
adorable that's what Bieber wears that's
Bieber pants these are that I just took
a dump in my pants look yeah it's so
cool and in right now you can they just
switch the things we're okay continuing
with the Shaytards tradition when i was
growing up it was tradition and I know a
lot of you maybe have this same
tradition but we get to open one present
on Christmas Eve because it's so excited
you can't wait till morning you want to
just see one present now I remember as a
kid it was tough because you wanted to
pick a really good one so like trying to
decide just based on shape size and
wrapping paper on which present to pick
was tough son tard are you gonna pick
the big one tonight you're gonna save
the best for last a good strategy so you
think that's the best one you're save it
for last trust me it is don't tell him
you promise you don't know what it is
pinky swear I won't be mad at you and I
won't take it back if you know what it
is do you have any guesses what you
think it is no oh you're smart smart
young man all right Rock card come sit
on the couch we're gonna head you come
on parents
gonna give the kids a present you guys
ready is ready you ready okay
rocked art you wanna quit chugging the
Pepsi young man come sit down we're
gonna give you a present to open kay
come sit down good boy okay we're gonna
go youngest to all this rock chart your
turn go pick a present go pick a present
just whatever one you want you might get
a purse you might get some jewelry oh
this one looks good centaur one right
here rock guard this one
Oh what bags gonna open a present get
out one's yours rock star he doesn't
want that one I want a rap one rock hard
that's for Cooper hey open it up just
missing you just grabbed it ripped it
out of my hand he has his little Scout
face off
open it up what is it what is that what
else is in there spider-man what's that
that's from son time Rock chart look at
these look at these what are those
motorcycles
cool huh that's your spider-man all
right you want to open it will have your
uncle Casey open it hoping that for
Little Rock card all right gage your
turn buddy huh it's presents from baby
tard
let's see what it is you excited to see
if he likes a baby turn rip that thing
open it trying a robot push the button
dude and do that over and over every 15
minutes for the next 24 hours
yeah no problem I knew you'd love it
Cooper Joe what you gotta get holy
smokes it's a Batman what do you think
dude that cool little boys good boy
gauge clean up after yourself
good you got extra presents this is from
gage give him a hug okay open it let's
see what it is
this better be sweetness all by himself
what is it whoa clamshell or something
gage that's cool
Thank You Bailey use her very own money
to buy this I saw it in a case of
there's one tackle tackle you are
thankful all right go open your present
Brandon give me a foot fire that's so
nice you used your own money to buy that
I'm proud of you it's no I feel quite a
smell
is that true last but not least the
oldest has to go last because he's the
most patient he's learned patience in
his frog is a full-contact sport in this
squeezer to death shower your lovers
Fraser let me see
Thunder where's it let me see okay I'll
show you how it works
you can shoot this against the window
then he can zipline across it it's
pretty freakin cool
bong songs I don't know what they do but
they probably ball can they probably
song with that there's more bongs off
the manger correct answer and what would
what help lead people to the shepherds
maybe okay let me read you another story
of somebody that was searching for Jesus
okay baby Jesus with the baby this is in
Matthew in the Bible now when Jesus was
born in Bethlehem of Judah
in the days of Herod the King behold
there came wise men from the east to
Jerusalem saying where is he that is
born King of the Jews for we have seen
his star in the east and are come in to
worship him when Herod the King had
heard these things he was troubled and
all Jerusalem with him do you guys know
why the King Herod was troubled because
he wanted to kill baby Jesus because he
didn't achieve of the world born he was
scared and he didn't like that
so when Herod the King had heard these
things he was troubled and all Jerusalem
with him and when he had gathered all
the chief priests and the scribes of the
people together he demanded of them
where Christ should be born and they
said unto Him in Bethlehem of Judea for
thus it is written by the prophet so he
gathered all his leaders in and said
where's the Jesus going to be worn and
they said well the prophets have said
she is going to be born in Bethlehem and
now Bethlehem in the land of Judah Judah
are not the least among the princes of
Judah for out of thee shall come a
governor that shall rule my people
Israel then Herod when he had privily
called the wise men inquired of them
diligently what time the star appeared
and he said them to Bethlehem and said
go and search diligently for the young
child and when he have found him bring
me word again that I may come and
worship him also
so do you think that Herod really wanted
to go no no okay that's enough when they
heard the King they departed and lo the
stars were not out in the East went
before them till it came and stood over
where the young child was when they saw
the star they rejoiced with exceeding
great joy and when they were coming to
the house they saw the young child with
Mary
his mother and fell down I worshipped
him
give grandma hard time to go to bed good
night grandma
Santa's coming in the morning Santa's
coming in the morning to bring up that
other mattress no they'll just squish
him in there Merry Christmas
I love you okay buddy lie down Santa's
not gonna come unless you go to sleep
lie down good boy you guys sound won't
come unless you're asleep okay good
night Meg your night girls love you
excited see your presents are you
sleeping are you sleeping listen dude
you're wearing the adult pajamas this
year you have to be a sheriff in here if
these kids are being rowdy you I'd tell
them to go to sleep okay
you're in charge bro that's good single
words and they'll probably be in here
giggling for the next 45 minutes love
you good night that's exciting
all your cousin's sleeping in the same
room Santa's coming in the morning and
it's like giddy central I guarantee yeah
I would be giddy I am giddy and I'm not
even in there all right
what do you think are you ready to creep
the kids out I'm ready are you ready I'm
ready you go years out well that has an
American doll that's 20 years old go
good he sounds so old go get it let's
compare it to these two go find it it's
in our storage that she left here when
we lived here kids are all in bed
Logan's due in the last minute what's
this called modge podge i'm sure you
modge podge in it so this is Logan his
girlfriend he's this is like a
life-sized poster isn't that romantic
and Kaylie's helping him do the crafts
just keep a thin good coat it's juju
Chang
that's Casey's friend that came and
interviewed him we should do a
hodgepodge of her did
that smell holy crap we're gonna get
high that's a 20 year old American girl
though you remember playing with that
yes still creepy 20 years later this was
my favorite doll in the whole entire did
you cut her bangs like that no she came
hi Samantha
older fashions what obviously go set her
up next to the New Age dolls don't be
intimidated dude they're gonna initiate
her they're gonna give you swirly
Samantha we're gonna swirly your french
braid Hey look at this chick she's like
from the 80s or something nice dress
Samantha Samantha
the 90s that's pretty crazy that's 20
years old and they look exactly the same
they haven't even updated their dolls in
20 years if any representatives from the
American Girl doll collection is
watching this she likes them I just give
them crap you can play with the girls
that's cute it looks so real those ones
that their eyes closed when you lay them
down they open too when you're not
looking
that's scary dude looking when they
close and watch her boys do you ever
seen Chucky yeah no let's go do some
benches like are we trying to get our
right Peck figure than our last Peck
where's the other thing you guys I did a
rookie move I bought my dad a weight
bench for Christmas and then I forgot to
cover it up and then he came down here
because this is his mancave and he saw
his bench before Christmas Merry
Christmas dad hope you like it
the more spreads the start left him out
some s'mores their Sun tarts Mary he's
getting some xbox 360 games shoes some
books of rope Brock tard got hooked up
this year she's rocked hard he's got the
most presents I know I got some
spider-man chairs some Batman cars
Batman motorcycle right to start got
some cute little outfits from Santa
dolly with some diapers a Barbie a robe
oh my goodness Gio why would you get
baby tarts and pants at a bar being a
baby oh my golly jeepers I can't sure
with some books it's not the Bernstein
gait check this out he got a Jack Frost
stick isn't that cool and you got some
Avenger stuff some dudes and these are
full of like masks I think I don't know
I'm just checking for the first time
there's some nunchucks Braley got some
dolls
they're naked Lovegood behind me so we
get for Christmas naked look who's ready
to see what Santa brought you have to
raise your hand okay don't knock rocked
are down come on let's go look easy
stampeding children maybe turn baby turn
yours is right here okay we tried yours
is right here just like here this is for
you whoa big buddy
yeah those are your toys
Merry Christmas
what do you think greatest hard you
gotta Center what do you think would you
get man you love hacky sack don't you
Rock chart Merry Christmas
yeah dude that spider-man look at the
whole spider-man building in
spider-man's crawl up the thing what's
that oh oh look he has a web no way
check that out look he's like hanging
around the building now he's hanging by
the web it's not cool love you Merry
Christmas
Jack Frost stick I've never seen one of
those before gage do what you get dad oh
okay right that's right Oh someone just
got Jack Frost in the face he okay the
spirit of Christmas we'll bring you
another eye are you okay dude oh he has
a frozen I know
gage that's a cool stick dude I was
worried about that you know a giant
stick with a lot of children breakable
items that's like a Gandalf stick of us
look at that the most popular present of
all Christmas was a giant stick all the
kids wanted
you shall not pass right like Gandalf
you know what he doesn't seem right open
the chain say open the chain dad say I
want to see my train how would you get
inside your stocking dude Oh spiders and
frogs yeah I remember I was the kid
that's right got my stocking got a baby
look you can change the baby's diapers
runs on diapers clothes on your hair I
will Gandalf you look at it would you
look at it
now this is only open to your password
in your voice
oh my voice is my passport verify me
name that movie anybody
Bailey Merry Christmas Braley Merry
Christmas Braley is there a Power Ranger
in the room is there a power ranger here
sir go go power rangers need help with
that on Power Ranger it's alright I
remember the first time I put on my
power ranger mask it wasn't easy Go Go
Power Ranger don't drop your password
Journal okay get in it unless you know
your password that's cool
Rock time oh it's a spider hit the
spider Oh kisses
Merry Christmas mommy tardes hey there's
something back there in the corner
what's that turn around what is that
Santa must have got an extra present for
an extra good girl this year
Wow hey Batman right Santa do you like
those
she needs to write in her journal this
morning my dad was so funny and cute I
love him sit in your chair it's a Spider
Man chair you can sit there and tell
Webb the stories of the past director I
set your chair
nope dead won't open my toys it's in
your chair chairs are for old men I'm
not sure why you got me a chair I like
to run around 90% of the time rocks are
in your chair sit in your chair sit in
it I wanna see in your chair centered
Roger I want you to look at this what
does that do to beyblades oh there he
goes there he goes let me see dude is
that a cool beyblades get a robe you can
you know get a cigar and some slippers
never mind that don't use the guard very
tart opening presents for kids I want
you to give Santa a big makeout session
oh hey what's up Jillian killer buns in
time I mean only if you want to Santa
loves you no matter how you are but if
you want to wear tight shorts like that
that's cool too bro whatever both snap
dkc levere get nunchuck
these boys is trained oh good my manager
yeah that's comfortable that bitch you
just right dude
Fitzhugh hey Rach tired let me see
lounge back in your chair yeah scissors
see what it does whoa dude don't hide
have a sweet cool eye
hey buddy nuts awesome I love you
Merry Christmas you're so precious hey
hey oh whoa just watch out so you can
make your bet huh
okay dad watch out seriously you get it
on there good you shoot it this way
y'all got are you eight can they come in
say rock card shoot straight into the
living room here he goes whoa everybody
watch out it's early you know I love my
stickiness yeah man
mouthful of chewy things stuck in my
teeth but Santa's hard
Santa's gonna get a big hold those are
good actually these are I was looking
for a pair of these for my last marathon
the behind the ear horn yeah I just
dropped him on the ground yeah Christmas
present that's strong father strong
because I am a pretty crappy dad so this
will kinda just talks about all the time
I'll take it
thanks grandma put that crown on let's
see how pretty you look
princess has arrived Prince Ali yes it
is he Ali Ababwa so the way we do it
I've seen a couple of you guys ask in
the past where we do it is Santa comes
and lightens out all the toys and Santa
doesn't wrap them because he doesn't
have time because he has to go all over
the world so he just pulls him out of
his bag unwrapped and sets them in there
for the children and then mom and dad
also give presents which are all wrapped
around the tree so these are all for mom
and dad and Santa gave all the other
toys he decided to see my present for to
you Stew's you're gonna be hooked up man
your Christmas is about to get 78
percent cooler he doesn't know what Dad
feeding the chickens yeah Bronx you
can't eat the chickens bro people do not
like that they will comment negatively
well you better watch him dad he's gonna
get over that feds Oh chickens most
chickens
I smell chickens I like chickens I just
eat those chickens why are they just
standing there why is nobody eating
those chickens I don't understand
keep those chickens he's excited
I'm already on the naughty list
grandpa tardes out feeding the chickens
in the morning well it's a white
Christmas Chris this is the robot of the
future I also look like a weird spider
who likes more control looks creepy air
I'm coming to get you look at that
Cooper it's like a spider
Oh Merry Christmas mom I don't want to
have a knife fight alright 25th annual
knife fight baby okay being a basket
that's your door these days that's the
role of it I can do that that must be
expensive all right which one's what
driving me nuts every time you chairs
wait umbrellas
technology and it reclines that ones
reclining rip it all off nice
what is that rock towards thank you it's
mine that's all that matters it's all
mine what you get what you get
Bob get every little piece of wrapping
paper oh that is whoa that's really
pretty that's really pretty much a puppy
purse every woman has to have some tic
tacs and some gum in her purse every
good woman has all those materials in
her purse very true I don't know what it
is but I thought looks really cute what
do you say to Grandma what do you think
that I really like these I'm gonna do me
some free-throw line Duncan new Air
Jordans I was nervous because every you
you like do you look like you like the
full red one these I've never seen these
before I like the silver I'm good yeah I
don't know why I really like the way
that Jordan
you gotta work for the rest of the day
now but these are in your holyoke clip
yeah but dude my Instagram game just
went up I just stepped up my Instagram
game I'm like okay let's see it it's
like a record - it has a wide like a
wide-angle lens to it
I'm gonna be taking some sweet instagram
photos better be sure to follow me on
instagram let me get some sweet pics so
you put this lens on it and it makes
your camera so the camera lets it's like
I'm still looking
what color is that oh a nice red one so
I switch it to blue that's awesome
alright the girls are about to open the
creep the best present of the year okay
open them up ladies
what do you think I think she likes oh
thanks for the hugs hey open it up open
it up so that means you gotta take care
of us baby try to hold it up oh I can
already think of what I want to picture
I want to take with my olio clip with
these this is so cool where's the one of
me oh look at that look at this I like
that one look at this one of gage isn't
that good sweet man Merry Christmas do
you like it hold it up let me see hold
it up and hold the doll up I don't care
about that stupid hold the doll up put
it next to your face let's see if it
looks like you I think it's uh pretty
resemble and baby tired hold yours up
next to your face let me see
to you a deal American Girl dude it's
only get some lipstick for Christmas
looking nasty little Fatima crass Orson
what do you guys think you like your
presents every have a happy merry
Christmas whoa whoa that thing ready Oh
catcha ere comes little bit it'll crawl
down Chuck against that wall there just
chuck it just haul off and just chuck it
just any time now just Chuck that thing
I just chuck it watch it all crawling on
the wall little bit decider puts out his
fingers as he goes anyway is it six to
the wall that's basically what it does
is there anything else I should film any
funny memorable or joyous going on I
think that's it from the shake arts
Christmas special Merry Christmas
everybody
hold on Holy Night the stars are
brightly shine
it is the night
a very sincere thank you to everybody
who has watched us supported us and been
part of our lives over the last four
years we really appreciate and love each
and every one of you we hope you have a
very Merry Christmas and a Happy New
Year and we just ask that you smile and
have a good day
and yeah yeah you know maybe like thumbs
up and favorite this video and share it
with everybody you know click on
anywhere on the screen to check out me
and Colette's version of oh holy night
see you tomorrow
