listen man about yesterday I'm really
sorry I just I know I know I was trying
to be funny and I grabbed your leg I
thought it'd be
catch it was dumb I wasn't thinking I
know please don't turn your back on me
please we just work this out I got out
of hand I was trying to be funny and it
just was insensitive of me
I just want even though I'm sorry and I
apologize look may kiss it better you
have large talons it's kind of chickeny
that's really Saturday night Saturday
night and it is tis the season to be
shopping and we are here with the kids
to buy presents for who are you buying
for dude are you the valedictorian are
you wearing your boyfriend's letterman
jacket baby tart is wearing my
Letterman's coat from when I was in 8th
grader ah I'm shopping for rock guard
rock guard and who are you shopping for
Hey okay so we're gonna get him you know
he's a cool stud muffin man Katie I
couldn't get out can you get out and
kick okay here set it in here get out
and pick me out gage something better be
something really cool what do you think
there's a lot pick from iron man's all
right oh are so much stock either iron
man giant bean he hasn't had a whole guy
a big spider man well do that it's huge
basically we're in the little boy's
aisle we're shopping for rocked art
engage and to me little boys are the
easiest to shop for because no matter
what you get them in this aisle
they will think it's cool and they're
all like less than ten bucks talking a
Hulk guy how much is that 11 bucks
motorcycle dudes 997 rock hard will love
both of those things easiest thing to
buy for little little kids little boys
gage love cars anything Iron Man
spider-man action figure any swords guns
web battle sounds any of this stuff
little boys alike that's why I always
love shopping for son tard for Christmas
because
like for 100 bucks I can get him 10
sweet toys that he always just loved
there's just all like plastic action
figures okay you got something for gage
what are you gonna get him this yeah
let's see what it does oh-ho are you
mister turbo fighter Nico like that I
think you ought to and I bet you his mom
and dad will probably get tired of that
after a few hours
hi I'm a turbo fighter all right you
ready to take off all right cruise on
out of there mer you wanna cruise hit
the gas bro can go to the drive-thru
give me a double bacon cheeseburger
while you're at it Cave large coke small
fry dude drive that thing you're not
gonna drive it it's not gonna go
anywhere dude I got you this nice luxury
car for Christmas you know I'm gonna
drive it do you like it yeah what are
you gonna name it they've been de Brasil
a--
o brasil ax is a fast piece of machinery
nice what do you got under the hood into
this baby hey I don't know check it out
it's snowing it's gonna be a white
Christmas everybody that's the best kind
of Christmas there is that's exciting
going into a store than coming out and
it's snowing yeah because then there's
gonna be more snow for me and my jump
and my track at backyard that's
important you want more snow because
more snow means bigger air bro hey baby
turn remember when I told you to bring a
coat remember why don't you bring one
yeah my coat well I hope you like
Pannonia because you're gonna die of it
unless you eat all your Mickey Mouse
grapes apples and cheese I hope it
doesn't stop snowing until Christmas
morning would that be cool we can wake
up to six feet of new snow yeah that's
the office well that'd be sweet oh we
can we can see Santa's reindeers
footprints in the grass can that be cool
yeah he freezin she get in the car she's
crazy
boom
okay huh this is my dinner a broccoli
salad Chinese super healthy so we split
up CheY and the other two went to buy
presents because we all drew each
other's names right yeah
princess char I got a centaur - so they
add both him and sent hard giraffe oh
yeah
maybe charge engage but if I come here
yes too much free hot so both of us so
is it good and she is hot me doubt it ah
okay yeah they are hard to be separate
ah okay dude what do we do if it's hot
what should we do we throw an errand
you're gonna blow on it try blowing on
it on it dude hi mom we'll do it course
that's always mom's job
I brought these out they get to have mac
and cheese dude hey show the camera okay
record who he need to that we need the
marshmallows in the cart dude good
ha ha ha okay go get another one we need
another one where they at nope that's
the small ones we need the big ones
we'll get the big one
okay put it in the cart do it again
good job hi my name's wait that's all
that's all that's all we don't need any
more okay time to channel wait look we
need chocolate chips chocolate chips
look put this one
put this in there put that one that good
shopping with two-year-olds no just okay
get to see at school whatever we'll use
them good job
can you tell what we're gonna make
anybody that's disgusting what are we
making so what else do we need
do you remember Thank You soda no we
don't need Meg you gota we need butter
and vanilla rock-hard it's not for you
this is really hard taking a
two-year-old shopping for somebody else
do you want to get that for Cooper yeah
I'm gonna get it for Cooper I think he
already has one cuz we got him one like
that for his birthday so we got to think
of something else dude okay no mom can't
take a two-year-old shopping for
somebody else it doesn't work what's
that what a neat thing is that what you
want for christmas yeah my thing oh okay
well then yeah we're not going anywhere
rock-hard
dude
seriously I can't take him anywhere it's
not you who prefers now how to buy it
but you can't eat anymore because we got
to pay for the weight oh you would love
butter you're a brother oh hi rock-hard
you're helping me
oh no you rapped you got it understood
shoo shoo daddy thank you oh my golly
gee there's a present credit under the
present have you dress it for anything
yet you dare put the tree under the
present yep yeah drop it you should see
if you find brand-new pieces of tape on
that present identity help drop it open
it put it with all the other prizes but
under the tree with the present open it
up Christmas morning yeah gonna be fun
he's like why is he scowling I don't
know I can't ask a long part I think he
wants you to open it right now open it
open it no what is I hug you up put
under the tree yeah over till Christmas
struck it anywhere bro I hope it's not
breakable well if it's not for me it
probably sucks hi guys we're wrapping ma
meters present for Christmas and we just
want to show you a little bit of it but
this is isn't gonna be up until
Christmas so mom doesn't okay and don't
text her in comments what her pressed
escape you're smart I don't even think
about her seeing this don't text her in
the comments you guys if this is fun
this is just memories girls these are
memories this is the Christmas of 2012
when we hid in grandma and grandpa's
closet and wrapped mommy's presents miss
fun girls are helping me
I get the present out and wrap it
horribly you think like every year but
princess heart is helping me cut the
paper and she is a ninja at wrapping
paper cutting I have never in all my
days of horrible Christmas present
wrapping seen such a ninja wrapping
paper cutter you know how when you guys
when you cut wrapping paper with
scissors and you're like you're like but
if you're really good you can just like
leave the scissors half half open and go
ah like score the paper that's the kind
of level that's what I will you tell
them princess are we
cuz it I tried doing and then it went
faster sound like volt and as well then
Wow then we know like well I'm in the
mouth with you and they're like okay
wait what you say baby turn she's
criticizing my rapping what tell me okay
um what right there what should I do
how do I fix up all this in here what I
guess there is something to be said
about having a really well wrapped
gifted it's like inviting when you get
it it's like oh that's so pretty
mine is more what's inside the wrapper
you know what that's not too bad look
where you see the ends are assed but you
know they're gonna see the top I always
don't want there to be a smooth top okay
give me a pick a wrap pick a thingy in
your jigger oh and this is the girl's
favorite part too they get to pick the
sticker these are kind of small I'm
right - what's her name
Colette Colette in titus because she's a
rare form of the disease he's ever heard
of Clutton titus it's it's contagious
and if you're around cotton Titus for
longer than a decade you catch it from
Shay Carl almost there it is - Colette
and Titus from Shay Carl ammos you like
it
alright who's ready to observe princess
tarts precision cutting let's see it
dude you have to cut up a little bit
first
okay oh wow oh wow
don't cut my carotid artery oh dude you
almost cut my leg off there bro that was
a close one I could have bled out right
here in the closet that is a straight
cut that's impressive
you girls are like little rapping elves
I have to pay you ten candy canes a
present yeah let's get some chocolate in
here got the tape okay tape it up I
don't have to do any of this crap you
guys just take off let me let me let me
let me is a pros this is awesome here we
go the biggest president takes two
little helpers to carry it downstairs
careful guys this
merchandise in there who's this for
he's gonna be excited I took two
different kinds of wrapping paper
because we ran out of one kind of
wrapping paper we got the candy cane
stripe on this side and the little
snowman with flurries on this side
do not fall girls I don't care if you
break your arms better not break that
present is expensive okay please don't
let us be hurt that's a good idea I love
you son tard
where you at bro check it out dude the
present choo-choo trains coming through
that's for you man
what do you think what do you think it
is
I don't know spine a place to stack it
girls
stack that presents um where's Garrity
giving me hugs I'm already getting hugs
you don't even seen it yet what if it's
a big box of poop could be a really it
could be all of Malachi's poop that you
picked up over the years I wrapped it up
for it just for memory sake Rock chart
is just you know what he does on
Christmas just has a cucumber and
redecorate the tree just eat a whole
cucumber home bro all right sounds good
watching some TV redecorating the tree
and stacking Christmas presents is
looking festive in here this one's for
you mommy
it's hunters orange I love it we got
that for you like the different one out
gift bags are the best invention when it
comes to wrapping you just stick
something in there tape the top up you
have to worry about anything no put it
back oh dude we got the stinky light
going on I'll see the stanky leg bro
stake you leg it up man
let's see those moves oh got the stinky
leg going on got stinky like your
dancing cucumber man walk like an
Egyptian hey dancing cucumber man
Roja you guys are cracking me up since
Newton's stop it you're making me laugh
dad's rock our dance mmm shake those
hips yeah yeah you shake those hips yeah
yeah yeah shake shake shake shake shake
those hips yeah baby shake those hips
yeah baby shake shake shake shake shake
those whoa that's a little weird
that's little too much hip shaking oh ho
ho ho look who it is
it's Santa Claus you guys ready you
ready to talk to sit down sit down
Gracie Santa
sighing Fred you've been naughty this
year young lady you don't get anything
she hasn't been naughty she'll vouch for
me look at the parents capturing the
moment his appearance what do you offer
Christmas leisure
Oh Fraley what are you gonna ask Santa
there's mom get a picture can I get the
picture let's get the picture and then
granny she has the good I know this
Santa visit is gonna be well-documented
ladies and gentlemen every Facebook wall
across the nation will have a picture of
ralien Santa all right rocked are your
turn he's like just give me the present
I want to sit on your lap me the present
Oh
open mouth grandma
it's okay say thank you
Thank You Santa all right I'm out here
game high five high five
nope get my five give Santa high five
you sent high five
if I can find there we go nice we made
contact with Santa what you get buddy
Batman you engaged to play superheroes
gave who'd you get a spider-man
dude this town is gonna be safer than
any Gotham City has ever been Batman the
white suit whoa that cool Rock Tracks
Santa Claus Diaz sweet present no give
it to me mom hurry up last year to sit
on Santa's lap oh the big bump
a good point what did you get he said if
I had ahead of you what I or something
for some reference to he's glad he's not
young anymore
Merry Christmas Logan would you get some
protein powder bro would you help so
we're gonna see wait this is just
between Logan Santa's hitting on your
girlfriend dude we're gonna do
that's Logan's girlfriend what did you
get Morgan
hey Apple hey Apple isn't that funny
that's one of my friends we created that
character now my brother wears it as
underwear I will wear this
thanks daneboe look what you did you
pervert you're making my brother wear
your fruit faces on is also genitalia
this is the only time you ever better
see those oh my son's up psyche Trevor
mom are you trying to get grandma on
there that'll be on my mom's Facebook
page
princess hard what are you Dan say
before
thank you what do you want for christmas
starla Guthrie ready babies are one two
three go yeah a door I go I ride yeah
I'll show you how to stuff your money
Tokyo vacations okay I should
see
our song Merry Christmas
we love you Merry Christmas tomorrow's
the Shaytards special who's excited all
right guys I got a Christmas Eve
challenge for you take this video right
here inappropriate jingle bells and go
show it to all your family come on I
know you're with all your friends and
family and cousins for Christmas I think
they'd really get a kick out of the
Shaytards beating the crap out of each
other don't you don't you so click
anywhere on the screen right now and
it'll take you right directly to this
hilarious jingle bells' video and our
children are so precious thank you guys
so much you guys have been promoting us
and we are almost at a million
subscribers it's so exciting and we
appreciate you guys doing that I got to
go
hang out with my chicken I'll see you
guys tomorrow for the Shaytards
Christmas special I know it was rude I'm
not gonna you want me to kiss it better
all right what you want me to kiss it
better all right man oh gosh
he's not letting me grab his leg I've
covered it with him okay keep rolling
