all right is being on is this thing on
what's going on it is unde ash due to
locals it is freezing out here
so listen we live on a farm now come out
Bert do our chores my mom is not here as
she just texted us please feed my
chickens
my sheep dude I'm so proud of them they
did so much pooping dude it is cold out
here who's feeding the chickens I marry
your ass Clifford's let's see what
they're doing to see if they're in here
all right
oh there's buckets in the way it's all
kinds of rubber oh hey little birdies
you guys laid any eggs yet your
worthless sacks of chicken nugget
huh I need at least four eggs a day out
of you guys huh well weird my phone
froze for a minute
dude it's freezin literally and
figuratively hopefully this one takes
many works hey check end hi chickens
come out of here
I got you I got you higher come higher
come on you're being my blog I got one
chicken do Can I grab him by his leg I
don't mind it rock guard go in there go
in there you know go get that chicken go
grab that chicken buddy can go get him
he said no you stay in there chicken
Rock to her go in there if I was a
little kid like that I would go wrestle
that chicken think how cool it would be
imagine wrestling a chicken that was
just your size you don't need to have
soft feathers I totally wrestled a
chicken my size I've always heard that
that question would you rather fight
what is it like 10 horse sighs wait 10
chicken sighs horses or one horse sighs
chicken house like oh I don't know I
wrestle a chicken my size I'd rather
fight one horse-sized chicken than ten
chicken sighs horses wait
it's too difficult for my brain to think
about because it's too cool that anyways
we're being the chickens is that the
feed right there so tired what's in that
put it up well then we don't need to
feed him I guess give him water what you
see him in there you gonna get him out
of there get him out okay they are out
here in the freezing cold but they do
have a heat lamp get him out Sun tarred
Sun tarts getting the chicken oh he's
complaining he's complaining he doesn't
want to come out of his coop it's booty
reveal his knot pull them out of there
dude pulling on it wrap your arms around
him hug him you're holding on to us but
your chicken butt there you go there you
go okay that wasn't so bad was it
chicken chicken hey go so they bite
won't buy me little yellow one tend to
be I love you love you can I pet your
little weird head thingy okay hey
chicken
what are those rock-hard chicken oh you
got water good job rock tart quit
slamming the door you're a good little
farmer Prince starting yeah put the food
in there that way they don't have to
come outside if they can just stay warm
inside their little house Prince star do
you like feeding the chickens you're a
farm you are a farm like like or you
mean you're a farmer
alright well I'm going inside you guys
put the chickens it is in the single
digits here in Idaho sorry last song oh
it is so cold so it is the grits
Christmas Eve Christmas Eve it's the eve
to the Christmas Eve so we're trying to
decide what we're going to do for
Christmas Eve this year because normally
family tradition every year we go to a
gym you guys know we gotta do something
fun people are expecting the big
Shaytards Christmas special
we have to have something cool oh
mylanta it's freezing out there
bone-chilling cold yeah I think we
should I asked Carly she said she would
call the guy do you wanna do it what are
you doing are you distributing the
cookies look at these cookies we just
went and it's half sugar-cookie half
chocolate chip cookie I ate that one a
little bit already
it's delicious huh alright well we're
just celebrating the holidays we're
getting ready to go to our family
Christmas party and Utah we have about
an hour drive ahead of us because we're
gonna go hang out with all of my mom's
side of the family my grandma and aunts
and uncles and we're gonna say sad oh by
golly I know him you guys excited to see
Santa huh it's kind of late yeah we're
gonna know like an hour from now
we're go see Santa Claus at the
Christmas party Logan what are you gonna
ask for Santa are you gonna sit on his
lap this year remember last year you sat
on his lap you too old now none not
until you graduate high school you have
to sit on his lap until you graduate
Logan is a senior what's with your hair
bro
messy hair don't care messy hair don't
care that looks like rock starts here
let's here rocked her let's show him
mess it up monitor he's a doggie he's a
rock chart Glasgow do your snort no
cookie for you
your hair looks handsome stick it up
what do you get into put him into the
silverware drawer
oh what a fork oh baby he's gonna have
some cereal want some cereal yeah that's
a shark it's a pie all right that's
sharp huh okay don't cut yourself
look it says something on it read it
should say I couldn't air his hair looks
just like here's Logan reading hey
cutter knife look at that let's see this
sword this is a heirloom was it say on
it
says oh hi Shay see you hold on I'm
gonna see you here so just focus on Carl
and Laurie Butler April 17 7 1979 so I
was born
s'alright 79 I was born March 5th 1980
hey so that means let's do the math how
long after they got married did they
have sex Kali uh shortly after so April
that was close they didn't wait very
long till they had me I'm the firstborn
you're the last born
you're the Terminator all right we'll
take Sunday I Merry Christmas to
everybody don't stab anybody with the
cake spatula I feel like that's like a
trowel to trowel mud on bricks
oh man mom never wants to have any fun
huh
how are the cookies ladies so when you
talk to Santa Claus today what are you
gonna ask him for an American Girl doll
huh we'll see I heard those things are
kind of weird-looking kind of creepy
I think Sun turns onto something here I
think he's onto something all right
what should Merry Christmas what you
mean Christmas and I would hope you
would you all right wear it out weirdo
all right I hope you guys are having a
great day Merry Christmas Eve Christmas
Eve tomorrow's Christmas Eve but today's
the eve of the Christmas Eve right Santa
the hats right shape oh oh oh
