they all have different nationalities
they're just called American Girl dolls
because America's made of it's a melting
pot I'm part of the melting pot you melt
my face I'll give you some pie good
morning you guys it is not Christmastime
unless we can put just lame the hold I
only got seven it's got to the sprinkles
and decorations to put on overs what
giving Sun yeah we gotta save something
for her event cuz he loves sugar cookie
and these are not the kind of sugar
cookies that mommy card makes mommy Todd
goes to the store I might buy the
pre-made dough I roll it out and then I
get the free red frosting these are
homemade that's a teammate she made the
cookie dough and she also her and Brett
made the frosting what kind of fasting
is it Katrine it's a buttercream
frosting and it's awesome it's going to
be even better than the cookies that I
made cuz minors are you plated how many
times have I said that really I have to
show you the frosting that Sadie mixed
check it out we've got purple pink green
and then just your classic white these
are gonna be awesome cookies I am so sad
you guys so good to have any but we'll
enjoy them for you I alright there we go
the first batch is going in the oven
we've got a preheated to 400 golden
500 cookies and put them in for six
minutes that's free all it takes to give
them up okay baby try let's see your
little angels
whole nights at freddys nothing more
exciting and it wasn't me cutting out
except for I was wanting bigger
hey baby cookie cutters right yes I like
you sugar cookies I'm pretty much a pink
I think we should get off the counter
where do you think yeah I think so too
yeah that was the rule when I was the
kid we couldn't sit on the counter let
me see yours
what are you gonna do her you can do the
train we train see the train right here
is this a train yeah Jewish - what is a
train say Troy what is a train say all
right you know these would have been
first six almost seven minutes
sure taken out they look good they grow
fast that's what we do for kids so we
just stick them in the oven they grow in
the oven you're telling me you're not
like a cookie then and shocked are you
ready to taste test this and try the
first cookie
good did it work
that's the worst cookie I've had since
the Great Depression but good he's gotta
test it again it's not what you put in
those cookies death did she stutter I've
had diapers that tasted better than
these things do baby don't just say the
cookie doesn't taste good rasie trying
so much dough
yeah probably she's like I like the
dough instead oh yes mommy's a liar baby
tartar you fiends apiece
okay show us the baby good job
do you like being a little mommy yeah
you're such a good helper
ah this guy's so good like this rain all
your training so good I think you had
help with that all right ladies let's
see what we don't just jokin video sorry
no he's they are edible but don't eat
them yet you got to decorate your cookie
butter and that's an angel you like it I
think she likes it
oh yeah okay you guys this is my goal
while we were home for the holidays my
goal is to do a hundred push-ups every
day
you want to get out Rock guard you want
to get out so not like a hundred
push-ups like straight in a row but even
if I have to do it in three or four
steps you want to get out what do you
want well turns wine and hold on you
guys doesn't want daddy to get him out
he wants mommy get me out of the bathtub
mommy tired was taking a nap and rocked
where he came up here with the biggest I
yelled at her dude she's coming he had
the biggest poopy diaper it was that bad
there I had to take him him a bath it's
like so bad word it's like just not not
gonna do it with the wet wipes it's like
you need to get in a giant tub of water
you want you to get him out
rock hard you want daddy your mommy to
get you out of the bathtub you want
daddy to get you out of that tub say you
want daddy or mommy haha you win
congratulations what you been doing big
guy do it again
you've been sledding quite a bit okay I
want you to deal with five push-ups
right here before you go out go sledding
you down give me five young man let's
see them five good ones but down back
straight touch your toes on the carpet
go what do you mean which way are you oh
I don't know are you a girl or a boy
you'd answer that question for yourself
down one down two down three all the way
down to cheatin down four down do two
more for bonuses down six down nice job
all right seated he's calling pee pee in
the potty
hey you gonna pee pee in the potty
yeah he's growing up so fast listen you
guys we have something very serious to
talk about we are less than 8,000
subscribers from hitting a million
subscribers can you believe out honey
again we did hit about a million at one
point but then you know when you two
went through that whole clean-out
process and everybody lost a bunch of
subscribers we lost like 60,000
subscribers but we've worked it back up
we're almost to a million less than
8,000 ago
just wow think of how great that would
be to wake up on Christmas morning with
a Shaytards Christmas special that was
over an hour long I don't know if we're
gonna do a two-hour Christmas Shaytards
special I've seen some of you commenting
saying that we need to do a two-hour
special that might be a little much but
definitely definitely definitely I
promise you that will be over an hour
and that would be a joyous Christmas
morning to wake up to a million
subscribers oh you guys want to get that
for us for a Christmas present that
would be sweet keep your receipt though
cuz you might want to take it back
alright we just got a FedEx we're
checking what it is we can't let the
kids watch this vlog are gonna show it
this is the possible present for the
girls what is it going to be wrong way
oh why did peanuts a worse invention
ever my American Girl that's kind of
racist why can't it be my English girl
my Scottish girls creepy look at like
I'll be sleeping with your children i
watch over them shade don't worry they
all have different nationalities there
called American Girl dolls because
America's made of it's a melting pot I'm
part of the melting pot you melt my
space I'll give you some pie sorry
listen we got to pick the color of hair
on the cleric I so they get to look like
the girls let me see baby tart so that's
obviously princess star baby card
probably has the blonde hair blue eyes I
forgot what our daughter looks like what
is our diver look like let's do it
they're creepy their faces it's like
some with their eyes are you looking at
what I'm looking at thumbs up yeah
whoa dude that's totally awesome except
for the part where I landed on my foot
wrong and now it kind of hurts today
ouch okay let's see you dude all right
man it's better be the biggest air ever
hit it dude totally gnarly nice so you
can turn on that thing
sweet little red riding-hood go over
here little red riding-hood
hey guys we just went out to dinner you
got to take my word for it cuz I didn't
film there but trust me I had the rib
eye and it was delicious I dipped it in
a 1 and ranch at simultaneously because
I like condiments now we're going to the
movie we're let's see The Hobbit for
three hours she's trying to be excited
about it
I'm excited cuz I hear it's gonna be a
cinema miss Amanda Simmons imminent
ography is gone we left the girls and
the little rock art at home but son tard
my big man is gonna come to the Hobbit
with us you excited yeah okay you can't
see The Hobbit until you go out there in
the middle of there and dance sorry bro
it's just part of the rules of The
Hobbit here I'll hold your Letterman's
jacket go ahead do you remember when
you're a little kid you dance on command
every time I ask you a dance are you
feeling a little self-aware now that
you're a little bit older yes still
embarrass what do you hear you still a
cool kid do go out there and dance right
there you can't see the Hovind unless
you go out there now
let's sit glassed your grandpa maybe
he'll do the worm with you go see if ask
your grandpa wanna do the robot come on
dad do the robot there we go there we go
oh that's pretty good robot dude robot
with the moonwalk our lucky stars must
be fucking the face nice dude nice mom
what are you doing now do it never seen
your walk we're gonna go see the Hobbit
and Smeagol isn't it what I need we got
a pee bro sorry you have to hold it for
three hours
all right we just saw the hobbits
was it good did you like it yes I did
not see The Hobbit ijade I cheated I
skipped out the first ten minutes of The
Hobbit our plan and there was a new Tom
Cruise movie that was in the previews
and then I couldn't stop thinking about
my boy Tom and so then because then I
want to see jack reacher which is in
theaters but everybody agreed to go see
The Hobbit so does that mean I like
skipped out and I went slide Jack
creature while they went and saw The
Hobbit
so good the beam part is is you made us
stay and watch that stupid mom was not a
fan of The Hobbit Jack Reacher the dude
Tom if you're out there bro I love you
you're stud muffin I want to be in a
movie with you one day that was good
Carl said look at the Sun tarts face and
it was like see your breath weather
again we're going by car way pipe down
loudmouth so you guys we are less than
7000 subscribers away from the million
think about it think about it if just
you know you know 7,000 of you would
tell a friend we could get a million
subscribers or or I bet you there's
people that come and watch these vlogs
every day that don't even have a YouTube
account
just sign up for a YouTube account and
then you can be one of the family check
out yesterday's vlog and if you're
feeling lucky although you know what to
do are you feeling lucky huh lucky
little go buy a lottery ticket you would
have been lucky you'll click on the
ticket you're gonna with me to ticket
whatever to a million dollars okay I got
nothing see you guys tomorrow
