go off there I'm gonna punch you square
in the jaw better not move this is what
happens when Daddy tries to edit and get
stuff ready for jumping on his back
trying to annoy daddy good job he's only
thirty pounds hey now your turn you had
at the vlog and I'll jump on your back
ready dad is terrifying great nice this
mission listen it's Misha Misha smash
and squished ready so good job today
honey thank you today che was asked to
speak in a elementary school elementary
yes in a sixth grade class about really
anything and he does a great job because
we've been doing these YouTube videos
I've got to meet a lot of people I got
to host the red carpet at the American
Music Awards I got to need 50 cent
author rapper actor because nobody said
becoming who he is today is never
quitting never giving up
never letting anybody tell you that you
can't do it because that's gonna happen
you guys there's people a lot of times
are growing on people that will say that
you need to be realistic you can't beat
a softball player only a few people are
going to be doing that if you never quit
and you
and you just work on it over and over
and over again eventually you won't
achieve that you will reach to that
level I have a good friend named Dave
Ramsey who is an author and he's a
nationally syndicated radio talk show
host he talks about getting out of debt
he has a theorem you like this because
you're in the math he says focused
intensity over time equals unstoppable
momentum talked about following your
dream national stuff yeah watch this
what a good job for your noon workout
thanks Donny when you're gonna come down
from there Donny Donny come down and
hang out with us Donny Donny the
darkness way too cool to come hang out
with the likes of the Shaytards
look what princess tarde has been up to
set in the table what's her - oh you
want some credit - who made this
that's cute got a bread you cut those up
no I didn't cut them up I just made it
up you just set him on the play who said
Santa gets to sit at the head of the
table
pink tie she said that this is Santa's
special dinner what what what where are
we going I know a Shauna did you call
him Johnny the garden don't eat the dirt
what is his middle name Oh Johnny Johnny
Johnny the dart Johnny does he have a
last name
Donny Johnny Butler hey Donny Johnny
Butler woods up there buddy long-lost
cousin Johnny Johnny Butler hanging from
the singy-thing class what do you think
he thinks about all day I think he
thinks about us yeah I think he misses
us yeah
he's happy when we come back to Idaho to
see him yeah I think you're right hey
you guys so I'm shopping here with my
shopping baby this is my shopping baby I
know that I must look crazy walking
around the mall with an empty stroller
just full of shopping bags but it's
really handy and when you have to go
shopping in our curry and get a bunch of
Christmas things in a hurry you need a
big thing to carry them in so this is my
shopping baby stroller I'm here in the
mall I'm gonna meet my friends tonight
for dinner but I had a couple hours to
go Christmas shopping since I really
haven't done any this year I can't
believe that I haven't ohh
usually I'm super prepared I go like
first of December or even happy that's
so funny that's the fun thing about
shopping in a town that you grew up in
is you've run into people that doesn't
happen in LA very often which also makes
me feel a little bit funnier now here's
my shopping buddy I'm really proud of
myself this year because usually I get
all the shopping done earlier I didn't
list here so I was a little bit stressed
out when I'm like oh no I'm gonna have
to go buy everything in like a day which
is impossible for me if you guys have
watched the vlogs long enough to know
that I can't make decisions I was a
little bit nervous about coming shopping
but I've been able to pull the trigger
on everything so far I've only been here
for an hour oh yeah you guys should all
give me a pat on the back come on pat in
the back in the comments thank you thank
you thank you very much thank you I have
a couple more things that I have in mind
to get fouch√© at least one more thing
I'm not gonna tell you where because
they don't want Shay to know so I guess
you'll just have to wait until Christmas
just like him right
and we're all mom your sauce is burning
it's burning up mom your noodles and
sauce are burning better get in here and
stir it up I ain't doing it I ain't
charge of this dinner Shh
I'm only in charge of filming things I
can't touch spoons how close you can
feel now come on what are you gonna do
come on let's see if it explodes on them
get up now all right my plates empty my
belly's full I'm a big fat man I'm a big
fat man look who's here Carly Stiles
relaxation spa together all your equals
don't move
if you drop those cucumbers that's gonna
be an extra 59.99 at the spa you have to
hold those there for 30 minutes don't go
it does fall off there I'm gonna punch
you square in the jaw better not move
you're seeing them make some more
relaxing so we're just going to Costco I
have to buy candy bars for the teachers
tomorrow sure likely story
Briggs sorry you want to take the camera
to Costco she's 13 I can't wait are you
taking your motorcycle it's like he's
trying to start a motorcycle no we take
the camera me and Senator we're gonna
stay here okay you guys go two princes
tarred with Costco or switch that
reverse it means I'm never gonna stay
here we're gonna watch Casey on TV
tonight
you have to ring back to watch it on TV
I better hurry back mom
well okay but by the time we get back
these dishes better be done in some laps
right you must stay here do the dishes
laughs hey would you shut up some
football for one for you break in one
for your dad
sure okay here take the tower to Casa
filter I'm not going to take it nor
would I ever
just take it with you
it's okay outsider snake
well
okay yeah no one but we're gonna do it
here right now not in right now but
we'll do it sometimes I'm just what I'm
doing right now is I'm getting one of
these
oh thank you I'm I'm because I'm
pretending it's my beeper beeper and and
so we got all these I stack them in
places like a little car and eat I beat
them before I let beeps they're like
cruise
I feed can I get us a like babes at sea
and I just feed on these things and then
I just like yeah and I'm irritating I'm
the worker to destroy it I'm beeping
their things before they buy so they buy
it
hi guys we're just getting ready for
Costco we're just like getting done with
it yeah we're just outside we're getting
dumber
no we're just gonna go back and
you know car everything you drive in and
we're just going to do that and we're
just got our stuff and they're healthy
though and hi guys I'm just with my
grandma now look at this this one is the
first one I want to show you I memorize
the other house to put this one all of
that's like a reindeer a little carriage
look at this one this is like the best
or what not other best way but good this
sorry that's the male look look you see
stands out there on the ground on the
Pope thank you look over there the dog
actually where you can't see it
oh I see it oh there it is
this is the baby Jesus yeah how does it
that much but he's in there it's like
the little baby Jesus and over there
Jesus rip it up that's prettiness so
pretty it's candy Kings I love snowman
look that tree is real nice right there
when they're married up close you're
good about the most colorful is one on
history
look at that isn't it so pretty that
reindeer on it melted rights look at
that and all those and that looks so
pretty like this
well there's a start look at this pops
in slow motion oh very different pretty
new so don't look at this guys this is
the last I saw on the show say yeah and
look at that tallest reindeer Santa's in
there and that's just so pretty
clip happy Kwanzaa Happy Hanukkah happy
crisp Merry Christmas or and Happy New
Year
alright so we are up late all the kids
are trying to stay awake to watch Casey
engager and Braley and Kaylie on the
night line News ABC News oh I'm excited
to see this
there's Casey okay we just finished
watching it I'm not gonna show the whole
thing on the video you guys will have to
go check it out but this last line I'm
very very proud of my brother for what
he said this is a really good point no
matter how you feel about guns it's not
a one-sided issue there's a lot of
things that go into solving major
tragedies like this but what Casey said
right here at the very end was really
good I'm gonna show you guys this part
what happened this week is a tragedy
there's no way you can guarantee me that
nothing like that will ever happen again
that I will never be faced with the fact
that I will have to protect my family
from a bad person or from anybody using
you done no innocent child will ever be
shot no innocent person will ever be
shot again I will hand you my guns right
now
and that's the point that no matter what
you do to ban guns criminals will get
guns that kid stole those guns from
anyways I'm not gonna get into that but
I was really proud of Casey being on TV
plus there is a clip of him with his
shirt off if you go watch the whole
interview I texted I texted Casey and I
said you know how I know today is really
the end of the world
Casey's nipples on national TV go check
it out I think it'll probably online
somewhere some of you maybe you have
recorded it and uploaded it but go to I
don't know ABC News com maybe they'll
have a clip of it anyways where just
think about your uncle Casey and seeing
your cousin's on TV your lifelong goal
to get on the news that is pretty cool
though huh that's cool huh hey what do
you think about that really nice leave
don't act like you're asleep so I have
to carry up to your bed I already have
two other little bodies to carry up to
our room
we drank go sleep sleep looks like they
already did all right we'll see you guys
tomorrow unless the world ends I love
you really yeah I daddy just finished
editing the vlog say go check out
yesterday's vlog guys what I love you I
love you give me kisses give me kisses
thank you
speaking of Casey's nipples if you're
feeling lucky you might want to click on
that little spinning smiley face check
out yesterday's vlog see you guys
tomorrow lobby our prize barge
