yeah we have a normal family just just
normal to grocery shopping stuff what a
beautiful morning what is my present
it has Barbie Bizet pecker it is not oh
it's not clock on it just like the
Barbie movie yeah oh that's exciting
who's it from grant oh that's exciting
from Miami frame for your feet to be a
present and I suppose petit giving him
the pressure who are you talking about
oh no that one's from Grandma
gage is who you have on your Christmas
list every year we draw names in our
family so all the kids draw a kid's name
and all the adults draw names so she has
gage I believe this right this chart who
you have you have centered huh and this
is what happens when look at this mess
oh my goodness this is what happens when
mommy sleeps in and the kids wake up hmm
all right goes with your nose with your
presence I think okay don't unwrap them
leave them under the tree okay those are
special for somebody else and the kids
have already gotten up and dressed up
all in their snow clothes and gone out
and they have sleds there's not really
like a hill they cancel on them but they
made a jump somehow I haven't seen it
yet so we'll have to go check that out
later when I feel like weathering the
call for the kids it's super exciting
but for me I'm like who know what about
I'm sure later I'll put myself without
of weather the cold so that I can try
out the sweet jump you made it is kind
of a hill down so when you go on that
jump it gets you pretty high so you go
pretty fast sweet okay Sun card and I
are gonna do some exercise in are you
ready yeah
the troubles not bugged and not buggin
I'm gonna do Chewbacca
I haven't done turbo kick for a while I
mean I've been doing it at my house by
myself but with anybody I haven't done
it and I haven't taught for a while so
this is exciting
let the work out nice good job ever
feeling you're gonna burn a lot of
calories just now dude and you're gonna
have fun tricks fun guys try it out I'm
really impressed ascend hard he's
catching on really fast I started out
with doing just the DVD but it's
actually for instructors you learn the
DVD and then you teach it to your
students students students students like
gradually so I was just like throwing
him into the DVD and he's doing a really
great job then we decided to turn it off
turn on just the music and just teach
him the basics okay show him your
favorite parts end hard right left left
right good
that's called the clockwork nice
Feeny's got a good stance his knees are
bent he's still on the beat my boy Brad
work out every morning together she's so
excited
yeah I love you just really as I said
students that's a new thing for students
to students students it's been a long
morning oh no what happened to what he's
had Oh his head fell off Oh doctor
maybe TARDIS to the rescue she's gonna
save your baby she's gonna save him all
right mom I guess always does a better
job
luckily I feel like you read okay mom
we'll try it here hold the camera you
hold the camera use oh no the camera set
okay let's see if we can fix this
oh no look his clavicles busted he's got
a busted clavicle responsible to hold
his head and so I don't know if it's
gonna stand but there you go
we'll try it for a while if it pops back
out again we might have to give him some
antibiotics it is
see your breath weather out here then of
course Sun tarde thinks he's mr. cool
Joe Jack ins and he doesn't need a
jacket whoo nice bro that's freaking
huge air on that one
Tori what me princess hi
run trampoline and we are trying to get
the snow off it when we were trying to
get snow off out whistle we slick don't
lie to me
you did that you slipped tell me the
truth yes baby's heart you don't have to
lie to make friends dude I'm just saying
prove it or didn't happen I want to see
okay okay uh hold your aqua I better see
some major slippin going on or else
you're gonna get a smacking for lying to
your father okay let's see Oh My heck
Almighty are you serious that's great
according to the boss we're headed to
the mall to do some Christmas shopping
we're gonna go hang out with Carly the
boss's mom yes she said we have to go do
some shopping because she's getting
anxious that we don't have enough
presents for the big holiday oh you're
gonna run a run and jump
nice dude that's some pretty cool
jumping you guys need to wear our coats
you're gonna catch the Pannonia and I'm
ain't gonna be listen you guys coughing
all night when you caught the Penn omen
yeah are you freezing ma'am
just a little cool go put a coat on
we're going to the mall what'd you do at
school today
learned would you learn about sociology
AP statistics
what about sociology what is sociology
study of humans what do they interact
with each other on society how do they
do that
it's a quiet we have quite a very
socially diverse country but the kinds
of cultures and societies what's the
biggest cross-section of our society
what is that like we're all different
but what's the biggest one group of
section of people I think I like to do
it between like bolder and young
like deletion do it between older and
younger you weirdo why Loeb is a pervert
how's that reverb I walked in wrong time
like who understands and isn't able to
adapt to new coming technology and who's
like lost stuck in the back I don't know
how to use this so how many people out
there do you guys talk about that like
how many people have computers yeah we
did evil old obviously nobody watching
this video yeah exactly
but people out there who don't even have
computers or emails there's a lot more
thing about that who people who are
still like I don't know if you can cuz
remember a few years ago to buy
something online was like you trust the
Helen what do they don't ship your thing
now shopping online is like totally
normal right
it sure is shed that's reduced a lot of
my Christmas delivery over the seasons
Quan let's go can't from here what
baby's hard you better not have another
life for me oh you got a bouncy ball hey
bulk nice alright get your car let's go
we can't be in Idaho for more than 24
hours without coming to our very very
very very very favorite restaurant of
all time this is a lot of history for us
I would say that way cable right there
that's when I what do you mean yeah well
that I saw you come in with Carly I was
like woo see with these with a girl that
I was like how this definitely is
history
not only is the food delicious here but
there is a lot of history with me until
our dating restaurant seriously like we
just barely hit the town like Twitter
lingers can't wait 124 hours yes yeah
dog hard Oh Tata Tata Tata Tata Tata
Tata Tata Tata Tata when you're driving
here
yes I was against each other I saw you
swerving in and out of traffic dancing
baby tarde we just ate sir young lady
where'd you get that again which aunt
show me who is she really good shows
your face sometimes you have to wear a
mask on your face cuz you have skin like
oh you got a gun buddy
got a gun shouldn't you know you don't
want that you can actually do cuz I know
hards weren't always like we have to go
finally yeah so we just say dinner
I feel bad cuz I realize we showed you
our dinner but we didn't show you our
dinner is that a weird thing I feel like
we should show license to forget good I
like it but Carly made these little
crafts their marshmallows with chocolate
put in it Oh what is that dear
well know shy Sherlock no it's reindeer
she can still say like that what is that
you should have like a little candy
instead of uh what's a little red candy
nibs nibs would have been good as an
arranger knows but still just let me do
something real quick I feel like this is
a good like little hammer we look a
little
hey I didn't touch your reindeer no look
I stand they kind of like a little
hammer she the first ones I made I got
too big of pretzels and Cooper said it
looks like a turkey ah you break that
you'll have to buy that out of your
allowance you breaking man we're going
this way dude oh nice move come on we're
going this way
go get him this is the rock hard side
right look I want the world I want the
whole world I want to wrap it all up in
my pocket it's my bar of chocolate give
it to me now somebody knows what he
wants
there you go he eats like three of those
a day he loves these little tiny oranges
why not get a pineapple too bro go to
pineapple random grapefruit he's gonna
play some real-life fruit ninja when we
get home and if you just one or two of
these grapefruits to really need my
vitamin C I've been sick lately
two of those two those do all right
sounds good
we need all those okay that's enough
we're not gonna get all those stupid
kids always trying to be funny and cute
they brought me this another sandwich I
can't believe you could sell this stuff
for a dollar 28 this is like basically
worthless lettuce right anybody
everybody all right I'll get a pineapple
I like pineapple Rock chart watch so you
need to do it too great he wants the
jackal he'll throw another one in there
good
I can't do it I can't do it tell me
another one David turn
yeah I throw that Oh seriously you rock
card
oh wait you guys know how is all talking
about how I was excited to come to Idaho
cuz of the snow and I wanted to ski I'm
not used to this cold and my skin feel
so dry I'm not used to the dry cold air
and I've been like shocking myself buddy
yes I do huh yeah thanks for the advice
anybody like eggnog I feel like you
gotta get it it's the season I like to
just have a nice little glass not too
much cuz it's so thick but just a little
to sip on that's pretty good he's ever
had eight nog I love it you do I had
tried it you haven't you want to try it
yeah tis the season to try the nog now
don't drop the baby he's such a bummer
here
what are you wearing your weirdo I don't
know that your Christmas hat go tackle
your mom with that hat on hey I'm about
to get in trouble he's about as big as
his mom now your nine-year-old son is
less less than a foot though he's got
about two more years I bet you two more
years and he's taller than you sure this
10 year olds passing it that's part of
my life before the call
army crawl sure they're army crawling
they can't let the cereal see him the
frosted mini-wheats or have snipers up
here on the show they're in ghillie
suits those suits the snipers where
where you can't see him they're like
hiding in the grass everybody down down
at least their clothes won't be dirty uh
jeez yeah we have a normal family just
just normal to grocery shop and stuff
you know like usual step rock tard he
just told some kids
get enough there like dead zombie kids
the King of Kings is born the world
rejoices you know
I'm to be our friend
Oh
on your knees
