hi I'm login here okay well this is a
you know Butler family tradition before
we leave every hotel we got to do a
little like swiping will strike at knock
you down as easy as like usually yeah
yeah bigger pillow probably taught us to
get out and stop jumping on the bed
they hurt us they said say we'll be out
in ten minutes okay they love you bye
nice rocked our doing business for the
family buddy doing business for the
family give me five a maniac maniac
hello ten minutes I love you bye that
was so adorable alright so we're leaving
Vegas headed Idaho we're excited one
more Oh
that last one was only a triple I need a
Grand Slam watch out Prince is hard you
might be part of some collateral damage
steps up to the plate relax
the bitch he swings he swings he swings
that is hard you know what I just
realized
I think whoever just called us on the
phone was one of you guys because I just
uploaded the vlog and in yesterday's
vlog Colette said what room are staying
in Shawn stop Gus I bet one of you
ingenuitive ingenuitive people figure
out what hotel we're staying at and just
called
well you just got to talk to rock tart
on the phone if it was you let me know
don't lie don't say it was me you have
to have proof if you're filming it I
don't know
anyways if it was hi you guys dr. Akhtar
this morning time to burst Natural
Resources
I want my gasps from 1987 please that's
not what that means silly so we are
headed to Idaho which I've stated
already shape and
part out you idiot hmm be nice to the
editor now I can finally yell at the
editor like I've always wanted to listen
editor you're a Butthead so I've been
getting a lot of tweets from you guys
letting us know about road conditions I
guess there's a lot of snow winter storm
warning and I just want to say that I'm
professional driver when it comes to
snow
I grew up driving in the snow I have had
had this little 1980 Toyota Tercel
front-wheel drive yellow car once we
were going up the ski hill really bad
snow conditions I had my two friends sit
on the hood to increase traction to the
road that's smart that's thinking right
there Lisa that may be the last palm
tree we see for the next three weeks
and I don't feel too bad about it but I
do feel bad about as that flag at
half-mast though Stars and Stripes down
halfway on the pole with a tragedy in
Connecticut mine's me my grandpa Eugene
my grandpa was very strict about proper
flag procedures so anytime there was an
event like that he always had a flag
pole in his front yard and he wouldn't
apply his flag at half-mast in respect
nation that has lost big money big money
big money big money stop oh you stop
come on trying to go perfect huh that
was lame I wasn't even close look at
that hottie oh oh I'm gonna have to do
it to her she nuts all right I guess
that's good enough it is you're so sweet
it was a good little head Bob you did
I've been working on that for a while
because I knew that would come in handy
some days see you later lost wages how
you can get any of our money sucker my
very very favorite part of this Drive
coming through this Canyon especially
when the clouds look like this daunting
large early clouds on the Red Rock cliff
of the corner of Arizona / Nevada it's
really really cool man
well kids were not in sunny Southern
California anymore are we
I'm excited I'm nervous for the rest of
the drive yeah Wow look it's getting all
snowed on huh who's excited for the
precipitation speaking of which I am
very very proud of my last Instagram
alliteration 8th word score check it out
I'll just read it to you because I'm so
proud of it yeah because I just want you
to share share with you please patiently
preview pretty precipitation pure
pictures periodically people that's good
right
it's like the new iPhone case I like it
uh what about your sandwich
Jimmy John's a beggar dude you have the
best hair for head-banging
you're the best Hagen hair ever it is
coming down out here man we have some
major precipitation the band's gonna be
covered oh it's snowing in Utah it's no
one in Utah
dude first
hey Sondra Oh first snowball of the year
sucka
ha ha ha ha snap I just got myself into
a snowball fight you just mind it's like
mud in that thing
it's a mud ball that doesn't count
you've got mud funny throwing a mud ball
out he ready oh my god mighty cake Lord
if I got patty cake run wait and the
next moment all the gasket ring wanigan
dude I'm like this it's snowing ya know
it's all about knowing how to slide the
right way you know because when you're
in snow and ice you can't stop you just
have to know how to slide the right way
you got to know how to like you know use
your edges that's why Shea's driving and
army special skier people and how to do
this yeah that's not funny
nobody
got the tray I wanna get on it yeah well
that's mine it's sickening to look a lot
like Christmas with snow plows on the
road you know they'd call out the big
guns when they got this buddy out here
not good not good cars off the road
everywhere man this is scary we are in
warp speed
the snow is coming on us I do not like
the ridiculous pace okay gotta fill up
with gas uh maybe I should've wore
different shoes excuse me ma'am with
drill cancer how am I supposed to get
gas check this out
little snowy here in Utah in the
wintertime I have a really weird
obsession maybe some of you can relate
to this but one thing I love love love
to do in the wintertime is this you walk
around you see cars after driving around
they get these giant things of snow
attached look it's just like barely
barely missing the tire my favorite
things to do is to kick those off some
reason that gives me satisfaction
kicking that giant block of ice off the
tire just like like break it off there I
don't know what it is but it like make
something like this sense of
satisfaction like you know ripping off a
scab or something I don't know it's
weird like here's another one I love
doing that and oh my lucky stars there's
another one I get to do it four times oh
wait oh dude that was on there that
one's that one's on there it's like
almost packed our will we'll check that
out man that's crazy
what'd you guys think hey hey toes are
cold though hey there's a little boy in
there hey little boy do you remember
what this stuff is like dude it's cold
remember this crazy stuff
that cool little man stop calling here
make a snowball snowball can't see her
snark and here's your license plate
would you say burns is hard I make it
was me so I'm okay you're okay cuz you
gotta make it with you yeah that's good
good thing we did get these sweaters did
we bring any other coats we packed him
in the suitcases
give me some shoes out of there my feet
are freezing man all right last one your
mind buddy dude that is like a block ice
on her we made it hallelujah we made it
we are home and we are here to see Kobe
and he is here to eat mommy guards
cheese mommy your cheese bro oh we ate
it all it's fun oh sorry Colby
what's up Logan McKay so talk to me to
stop it is I'm sick you heard me shut up
dude you your Adam's apples like put on
a show
duplex Adam's apple hey what's up Logan
McKay here oh I like the ladies and
that's weak are you see my muscles
lately hey check them out I'm gonna go
stay in football this year so call me up
my buddy
you guys think your uncle Logan's
handsome y ahora goes quiet I don't
think he's handsome dude don't knock
over grandma's Diet Coke she's liable
the last year she's gonna put you out
with the chickens am i going out with
chickens are they freeze another yeah
look at their little light out there
have a little heat lamp can't be I hate
my chicken nuggets cold
we gotta warm them up Collette I see you
stocking for you and for me that's cool
hanging from a dead elk head I put that
animal out of its misery and ate half of
its body already
that's disgusting Jay look at this
painting man I wonder what's gonna
happen with this painting you know I'm
saying like in 50 years from now I want
to have this painting somewhere very
special I love you
I've missed you come here come here I've
missed you
Oh what whoa hey um just checking out my
office nothing weird or anything in here
saying hi while painting come on right
in 15 what about in a hundred years
around you think this painting cuz this
is nice qualities like a nice canvas
who's slapping my butt Ziggy I'm gonna
slap your butt I hope it's in a museum
one day that'd be cool
my happiness is a choice pain I need
some track lighting to like shine on it
I wanted to accentuate it more hey guys
were you pajama did you happen to look
at Morgan's search things on the
internet with his shirt off all the time
Boggan Gus is complaining about your
shirtlessness why is there a shirtless
cuzzy I know you're always walking
around here looking at yourself in the
mirror leg hey guys Logan McKay here
watch go ahead and thumbs up this video
if you wanna see my biceps later on all
up send a personal message to some of
you ladies out there yeah click on video
you know sir
