hello I got finished the most requested
guests that ever talk more we could have
done like 15 episodes that we've known
each other for so long
yeah we had a lot of you were in the
chat there was almost 2,000 people in
the blogtv chat so a lot of you have
already seen the podcast if not it'll
come out what is it that's when they all
tweet you follow or go subscribe to the
podcast wtk GTS we talked about having
babies
I was already pregnant so yeah I have to
find out about that check out the
podcast flex your biceps dude that
little cutlet there we go look at all
the ladies in the audience are just dude
our cutlets bring all the girls to the
yard bro so we're sitting here talking
YouTube as we're prone to do but we're
talking about Cecily who's even more
famous she's done an episode of South
Park you guys you guys never seen the
cartoon a South Park this is on
television you know all about your
episode in South Park because they don't
let people come on that show to do guest
hosting very I mean
bring guest voices on very often just
because I was in a video with Lisa where
we did the Jersey the Housewives of
Jersey Shore yeah and then so we all got
to play those characters on the show but
I ended up getting to have it like a
really giant part all right yeah it was
cool what was it like doing the voice
like did you go down to their studios
really interesting the first day that we
went in they had a script for me and I
did the script and then a few days later
they called me back and they had already
animated the part that they needed me to
do so you could watch John so I had to
match I deliver things to them to the
lips of the cartoon oh wow it was really
hot it was yours one of those six days
there type thing where it was like the
merch was on a week later no oh isn't
that one okay I think I did the
voiceover on the day that it went up to
me do that all the time on the same day
they frequently finished like two hours
before they send it to the Neptunes Wow
I'm sure like all the execs seriously oh
they're gonna do a video do they have
Wow is that episode on YouTube find it
go for that so go outside episode it's
called it's a jersey thing
Cecily Jenkins actress extraordinaire is
on South Park that's pretty cool I have
famous friends Rockstar for we the kings
South Park actress I just that's waiting
for in my opinion if you tell a dude
that dudes take that you know what's
cool it's like they may like George
Clooney like a dog and then Jerry
Seinfeld was a turkey and you actually
got the main part eight it George
exactly - gasps ain't gonna crash ain't
going too fast
your face go too fast yo girl you are
you are you are fine yet
your face is a party hat please resort
to the fart jokes it's a staple girl
this is a lot easier I just want to you
in the middle filming okay there we go
as you can hear it hey everybody I'm
wearing my Christmas so we are going to
the maker studios holiday party and I'm
wearing the best sweater I hope there's
a best sweater Christmas sweater contest
cuz I will definitely win a large candy
cane prize prowls chillin with us I'm
hanging out he's gonna clown he's gonna
come to the party with us and then he is
going to hang out with Travis to record
their new is that secret no to record
their new album yes we became this what
is secret for sure is the songs that
they already have that Charles let me
listen to can you tell them that that
you let me listen you let them very good
you guys this new album is gonna be
sweet so Charles and Travis are here in
LA recording the new album
Travis lives here now but Charles is
coming here to do the bass he slap it to
face on do so let's go see if I have the
best Christmas sweater Cassim will
probably were ridiculous I remember
remember that one year we lived at 4:19
okay and we had this like ridiculous
sweater I had like shoulder pads in it
and we'll see if Qasim pulls out a good
Christmas sweater or not okay we are
here
this is Kasim's a very favorite are you
gonna butcher yeah
stop yeah yeah I should be in the middle
my very very first move to Los Angeles
Kassem was raving about Kogi tacos and
if you live in Southern California you
know the deliciousness that is contained
within the tacos tell us how good these
tacos are Cassim
they are the finest street tacos
available that is a that's a steep
that's big because there are 800 million
Street taco truck yeah but it was a feat
oh that's the only way everybody Tito's
tacos directional plays yeah Wow look at
this it's like real party favors this is
castles idea maker studios Christmas
boaters and are you better be dancing
this party dance mister
Wow dude that's a good dancing man bust
it buster you're dang good dancer
Daniel be surprised that's funny little
inside joke yeah dude I love your hair
bro
thank God what's that coquí coquí
tacos tacos we're all eating some
delicious where they can baby darn good
I like your sweater Cecily it's very
Christmassy you have the second best
sweater here
yeah yeah just let home everybody and
they got these secret shirts for Danny
the diamond is forever
Danny dime
yeah Christmas Happy Hanukkah Merry
Christmas Happy Hanukkah show the line
for the taco truck
you guys come check out the Lion Kogi
taco drivers que cela beer in case your
beer like I can't see the beer this line
is a line for the Kogi taco truck hey
you guys come sit with us
come here
Thank You chummy a shirt diamond is
forever
everybody's every stock enough good
where's your shirt
even the dog is happy where do dance run
/ Freddy there's some right there go
grab one there's a big pile of them over
there
Danny hasn't noticed the church in our
shirts a t-shirt happy Christmas it's
gonna be Hanukkah Hanukkah Merry
Christmas Happy Holidays
you know doubles the whole journeys been
so fun to have so many people that are
good friends and family and just have
how does supportive of all of you guys
and all your hard work the time is much
appreciated and and I can't believe
we've accomplished so far we have so
much more coming very soon this is
exciting - announcements we'll be
meeting later this weekend I just can't
thank you guys enough and I appreciate
all the support our work you guys
talking about ice cream tax the ice
cream tax you have to take one bite let
me
did you get an ice-cream sandwich this
is so fun alright so you got the new get
maker sweater zip it up zip it up
Kayleigh let's see yours
sorry taking some selfies nice all right
so we got everybody gets a maker gift
bag for it to start wanted to get her
this is the brand new maker sweater cool
dude did you like it it's extra slim fit
you kind of dude you got a new sweater
everybody's rocking them
you know who's having the very best time
to make studios Christmas party this guy
dude put me in such a party animal
all right let's see it oh you just
pooped your skateboard bro that was
nasty
No raised you know
crazy get suckers
okay so on the ground
I can't in the car yet both suckers and
he was sticking him to his cheeks we are
done we are on vacation officially on
vacation
do I grow stars I joked I did we're
heading into Idaho for Christmas
we got the whole van packed up the kids
are asleep we're gonna make it to Vegas
tonight
the most exciting members stopped us
will be gone by the time they find us Oh
the lamp this is fancy 119 books that's
pretty good that's average for shakers
double triple bedroom kitchen our own
crying baby the kids are sleeping on the
couch me and mom got the king-size bed
poor little guy
sleepy oh he's been sleeping you know
how it is long drive you're asleep
around me I wake you up to stay at some
hotel in Vegas a card excited huh
excited okay well we're looking the
swimming pool check out the hot tub down
there look at this steam under if any
kids want to go on a late-night hot tub
sick Pro can you like stand yourself for
two seconds there's a step right there
see Center just eat it onto the balcony
let see the pull down there don't fall
again
don't fall I got my face bomb in hand
well love you guys in Vegas we're just
gonna spend the night here and then
we're gonna wake up at our leisure no
rush
then we're gonna head to Idaho see you
tomorrow
so we sew it up yeah
so we then so we'd up hey
so wait up so wait up some weed on your
girl so it up so it up if I was your
boyfriend
