say hello hello hello
che
waffles are you ready cuz as my amore
really cool
alright alright hi get out of here hi
come here get out Madhu are you ready
ball music rollin mama J throwing mom is
on the Poros filming me with the wall
camera this is awkward
Hey hi I'm Shane nice to meet you
chase brothers here life lesson life
lesson time sister great story of all
time let me tell you why I attend high
it's quiet now keep it up I'll get some
sweet and sour chicken and you better
not be pregnant
that's your slip juice - sure excuse me
you accidentally gave me an extra
quarter yeah cool come on roll so we
play with you okay what do you say pop
or soda leaving the government slow hi
dad oh snap who say that I saved your
life life is on the line
I had such sore shoulders and back and
like I keep my Glen remember here and
she's like I got a little girl in LA
Carmageddon the 405's closing tomorrow
what's Carmageddon I haven't heard it
they call they're calling it Carm again
because the 405 is closed for two days
and that's like the freaking thing of
society here in Los Angeles I'm vlogging
through this through this gate is that
funny I consider one to know that was a
test
Oh shucks a lolly ding-dong pardon my
language Oh like dry ball That's
Entertainment
I know it's hilarious
maybe you're pregnant I'm not I'm scared
Shane please tell me you want me that's
why five ever thank you I have to live
with it bring it you started first time
they follow fails put your thumb in your
mouth we can cut out anything you don't
want it say and up face I see what would
ed do babe would you
that's annoying edit remove when you
wash your head fast master say Oh ugly
affair yes yeah you're out of my nose
yeah the crazy kids at di they're mine
ugly face no makeup she's still the
hottest woman on the air it's making me
a headache
I would make her take I sit down and my
computer to see Oh watch out here comes
your kid gonna be jump say do unto
others as you would have them do unto
you son tard let's catch that do you uh
put some mustard on that one for you
dude hey let's park that beast and come
here
you ready to some farm work yeah I don't
think I really want anything you're very
generous though how come you're such a
nice little boy huh you're so polite and
nice I'm tired who would you grab if you
can only grab me or mom out of a burning
building
who would you drag out oh you're such a
G - you're a polite little G hey we're
gonna get a horse don't tell the kids
okay
wait you're one of the kids no I say hey
go up to her and say you accidentally
gave us five quarters and give it to her
okay and wink at her okay okay come on
stop let me add you your new friend it's
called the shovel get used to that bad
boy because you're gonna have it in your
hand a lot do it okay just look at you
Gavin what a studly man you are holding
offense to it gets funny I'm gonna
do it
she she'll be embarrass her you'll be
embarrassed there's a lens flare right
now is making you look so I have bounced
dolphin dolphin what are you are you uh
wait wait no you're not Gandalf you're
Gavin Dolph ha ha good but just slow
slow did I feed you guys today I can't
remember SunGard would you have done
somehow ok here you want to vlog put the
starters in say this must've lost
there's me some awesome scenery you guys
could play games hi hmm I scare you this
is an icy eating party oh geez Oh cute
she's back here ha ha ha
let me see those shoes you know it
sounded like you were playing air hockey
when you were walking down the stairs
with those it's like oh gosh they're so
loud oh nice here again guys here good
are you don't get we're gonna be
interviewing a via Butler about all the
biggest secrets of her life
cool throw your dolly okay let's go in
let's go look at our new house
yeah freaked me out I want to take my
slippers off I think it was a tie again
we're in the podcast with a via
flagellum Manavi ah so much so great
alright you gonna learn to back the
trailer hurry go back there and Stan
Casey's rear view mirror and tell them
where to put the trailer no back the
back of the trailer I'm gonna have a bug
you're gonna help a bug do you love your
daddy do you love your daddy do you love
your daddy I love you what for you want
to go our new house alright it's just
nice see reality real name is Veronica
by Tabitha
by B the third but she likes to go by
better tour Baby Talk Baby Talk babies
are baby tar baby Todd say hey mom how's
California it's after midnight and I'm
brushing my teeth in my teeth right now
and then I breathe
where are you baby tard what screw be
wearing you are in your own shirt baby
Tariq I see yours oh you want me to film
this is a camera you never seen one of
these before you've been living in the
woods all these years
hi random people on the street
come on grandkids March on down here
those are eye-level aren't they think
that will fuel me through the
weightlifting session baby tard do you
approve of all these nutrients proteins
carbs and fats good you like the quinoa
don't you it's delicious so what come on
he's exciting no you making it through a
little bit what hurt getting poked the
ouchie
you can make it I believe in you you're
a country girl now pay hey you doing
good come over here and look at the fort
okay
we had a fort that's two hours that's
not even a dam is even that I see four
holes David our baby's heart say I love
you baby tard what's your assessment of
the evening colors okay just a cool
family hi how's it going good to see ya
thanks for coming out to dinner with me
tonight
oh I'm bored we wonder how is it going
to slap each other all right rock tart I
love you okay sounds good yes do a flip
over your clothes that's a great idea
here is a blue shirt I like that one is
the athlete of all
but um here's the champ
he's the one Hillary Rock Chalk oh yeah
here stick
ah don't get me bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum
Qasim don't introduce my son to him what
ability uh Brock hey it's so cute you're
coming to tell us Supper's ready
what we having for supper oh it's my
favorite yeah Mommy has a baby inside
that valeted you know that it's a little
baby in there hey the rule is if you're
gonna write poetry you need to have a
shirt on do you know who that is it's
going to bed with the animals yeah
that's right remember that's baby Jesus
good to each other
you know what are they doing are they
gonna hurt us will you fight them
Jackson you're a troublemaker you're a
troublemaker today what oh hi sounded
like you said you're gonna mess up those
mofos right there I love you love you
okay everybody put your seat belts on
did that make sense was that confusing
hey I do the walk
