oh good morning you guys is a beautiful
day today and it's the last day of
school for the camp until the break I am
so excited today I'm just like okay
you're so amazing
where are you going now are you playing
oh it's a wet well Lizzy's thinkin
thinkin about a spider-man outfit can't
get the spider-man outfit wet come on
we're gonna be decorating in baby charts
class for decorating gingerbread houses
and in princess hearts class for
decorating and we've got a so I'm
excited at the holidays it's Christmas
time and for the roof and the like
nobody knows what's next so you doing
the size and then you'll put the candy
on top oh my goodness that's so fun well
it should cost effectively what's the
most important rule of the gingerbread
making
don't go like this tick huh why
shouldn't it so don't lick the stick or
you'll get it's a little rhyme don't
lick the stick or you'll get tip guys I
just remember that when your gingerbread
making all right let's put it so far
okay we've got a big boy and you go
we've got a big blob of awesome licorice
and frost and you definitely use utilize
the frost and good drop any beat hard we
like lots of frosting not yet remember
what they said
I've actually impressed most of the kids
are following the rules really well I'm
not eating the candy yet but it's
difficult I'm not gonna lie it's all
even but we haven't had any yet you want
to show your tire swing the tire swing
what she's that a tire swing isn't that
a great idea how cute and then her
chimney is right there we can join you
in the demolition of the gingerbread
house what do you hope okay I think it's
a deal I can do that hey guys um I've
tried to say something to the camera a
few times now it's just all getting
blubbery but I just got home from
helping baby Target and I saw the news I
saw what happened if you didn't see what
happened and there was a school shooting
you can go look it up online and find
out all the details but um I'm sad
that's an understatement but oh I can't
my heart goes out to those that are
suffering so much today because I
realized that it could have been my kids
it could have been their school and I
could be having a very different day and
I'm so grateful that I'm not but at the
same time I know that so many others are
suffering and that they won't be able to
take their kids home to Idaho for
Christmas or wherever they might be
going
I do sorry but I just want to say I know
that we don't we don't have all the
answers and I don't know what the right
answer is exactly but I do know that the
more anger and hate and those evil
feelings that you feel and they spread
the the worse the world gets and the
more things like this will happen but if
you can do your little part just one
thing to do something for somebody today
that's nice and hold a spirit of love
instead of contention and hate and you
know humble yourself to be to to just
love people I mean that's all it is just
love people and feel for people and be
there for people this kind of thing
would happen less I challenge all of you
today wherever you are whatever you're
doing to stop right now and say a prayer
for those people that are suffering not
only in this particular instance but all
over the world there's so many people
are suffering and let's just let's just
pray let's just pray for them and do our
part each day to spread love um please
anyways I'm gonna go with Prince the
star now and make cookies and I'm gonna
have a when I hang out with her today
yeah that's gonna be so much fun so
don't come for me
well I'm excited to see how they're
gonna be decorating sister is that for
real
tell us what's going on Bert for real on
your spelling test yes right there oh my
goodness the Candy's just rolling okay
now don't need it don't need it even
even if we cheated a little today
doesn't mean we're gonna eat the whole
world or sugar where are we headed to
next chillens the bro what is so what is
that caught you what a burm is I think
that's the proper term is that the
proper term for a burm I'll show you
basically there just ills of San the
brooms the problems I don't know the
sandy things at the beach we're gonna be
running up and down yesterday we are
gonna go sled down them because we can't
have snow in California so that's what
we do we just sled down the sand it
works okay let's see it girl
let's yeah let's see how we do at
California style
about it go down the hill already it's
not so cold really cold today okay we're
ready you haven't tried it so we are
ready this ought to be interesting and
it's so weird cuz all the kids are
shedding because they've been working
out and playing okay we're ready that
was not a handstand that was a stink bug
stink bug girl nice can you put up her
and hold it
keep working on it keep working on it
someday you'll be able to compete with
your dad you so beautiful you're like a
sand princess then you learn from last
time you gotta put your feet down or
something I don't know how you do that
high-fives it still looked cool yeah
that'll look fun for the replay right
Shay just leave it in and make me look
like a big idiot that's cool too okay
let's try it one more time without
falling on your butt oh okay try it
again Freddie n't
eat his dust is what he meant to say hey
gotta bend your knees okay do it again I
tell them as if I've ever done it before
it bend your knees hon and then lean
really right and then do a little twisty
thing I swear
yeah good job is the land of the folded
out here amongst the clothing and the
towels and the socks and the shirts
that's true
that's the worst this is the land of the
folded which is definitely better so
it's the end of the long day there's
been a lot of pain in the world today
with the stabbings overseas and then the
shooting here in Connecticut it's it's
tough especially as a parent especially
with kids that are in kindergarten just
to imagine going to pick up baby tarde
today and having the school officials
tell us that she's not gonna come home
with us today I couldn't I couldn't and
just lost we're just watching the news
and hearing about how some of those
children's bodies are still in the in
the school building I feel like they
couldn't keep me out of that school I
would have to go get my daughter and I
just it's such a hard hard thing to deal
with I feel like the only thing that can
heal and is called for it this moment is
love and that's the only thing that can
make this better because even in the
situation of the shooter I mean I don't
know I don't know the situation and I'm
sure more details will come out about
his situation but fighting about gun
control and about all these things will
not make it better it's about lifting
etch lifting each other up and listening
to each other and just caring about one
another and it's been a hard day for me
I don't know it feels hard to be fun and
joyful on a sad day like this to try to
put yourself in those parents shoes and
and how they're feeling tonight going to
bed and you know thinking about
Christmas presents that they may have
already wrapped for those children and
you know Christmas morning that will not
be smiling and joyous and I think that
all of us can have a little bit of
empathy in our hearts and just love the
people around
your mom's your dad's your brother's
your sisters your friends everybody you
know even if you disagree with somebody
just try try to show more love just
anything you can do to give more love
and understanding
is the only thing that we can do in
these moments that's it I hope you guys
have a great night and we love you we
hope you know that if you're
experiencing a lack of love we love you
we'll see you guys tomorrow God and he
has sent me he has given me an earthly
home with parents kind empty leave me
guide me walk beside me help me find the
way
teach me all that I must do to live with
him someday
I believe that among the greatest
lessons were to learn in this short
sojourn upon the earth are lessons that
help us distinguish between what is
important and what is not and what is
most important almost always involves
the people around us often we assume
that they must know how much we love
them but we should never assume we
should have been no wrote William
Shakespeare they do not love that do not
show their love
despite the changes which come into our
lives may we fill our days as much as we
can with those things which matter most
may we cherish those we hold dear and
express our love to them in Word and
indeed send that note to the friend
you've been neglecting give her child a
hug give your parents a hug say I love
you more always express your thing's
never that a problem to be solved
become more important than a person to
be loved
you
