retweet hashtag to Madonna people will
help other people good morning my little
princesses
Cara kissing wake up wake up princess
bigger bet she's got dolls oh oh you're
giving gazes and books and pillows and
cruises and trees and the basket it's so
adorable
oh look he's giving us come on kisses
it's a special day best wake up ever I'm
jealous
look at how adorable this is they set
out their christmas clothes this is baby
tarts and this is princess hearts and
then what they're matching the cry gosh
it's Christmas time I'm excited go and
get you out let me get down okay I'll
help you so the girls have well I'm
centered they have their Christmas
program at school today so I'm super
excited I don't even know what they're
singing they haven't practiced it at
home at all so I have no idea what
they're gonna be singing so I'm excited
so it's time to get up girls time to get
up and get ready for your program wakey
wakey wakey that doesn't go there that
don't go there wakey-wakey I'm so
annoying
this is what moms are for wake up little
one wait
I'm glad though that I wasn't shaking up
because grandma tired
she is just throw water on him if he
didn't get up like I don't know he got
maybe two warnings and if he didn't do
it
she got a cup of water right on him and
they knew to get up before that water
came okay okay let's go let's go come on
let's go wake up sunshine yeah dude I
don't get a tickle you awake
oh look are you gonna give us and our
two kids too Louise are you excited for
your program today what's your eating
things like I guess that on purpose one
totally unit on purpose Medusa is that
gonna help you prepare for a Christmas
program and I'm scary scary all right
what are you gonna wear I don't know I
will help you I will help you let's go
this is mine mornings at my head right
now I'm not that sleepy and I'm already
dressed now something a Sontaran right
there I gonna tell them red bows in the
hairs and Brandi coming over at
nighttime because mom and dad are gonna
go to the that we are going to be
on the what's trending I think it's a
live show and we're gonna go there and
then you're gonna go there freedom to
have both really anyway can you see my
let's look
as I hear me you guys
so they've time what do you think I
should say on the camera makes a big
question and we're going to this show
I'm reading on this again we're gonna
this ready it's another beautiful day
and easy there Bon Jovi whoa slow your
roll
Bon Jovi I'm going running right now I'm
gonna run out of the beat I have to
hurry however because I have a Christmas
concert to attend that's right my little
precious daughter's gonna be singing
some Yuletide I think centaur does too
why do I feel like it's just the girls I
don't know I'm a bad father I'm going
around on the beach because I'll go run
on the beach it's going to the beach
come on come with me come on let's go
six bucks that's up two dollars from
yesterday there's only four yesterday
that's Beach bullcrap patty I'll trade
you this for $14 on a parking spot get
it because 20-6 14 went seven yeah
that's right baby it's cold outside
how many of you are in sexiest snow
right now and I'm on the beach good deal
man appreciate it
but pop up up above okay so here's what
we're gonna do today normally I have
more time and I go like down up and down
the beach but in the wintertime they
build berms that's right people we're
gonna run on berms today the ona berm is
I think that's the proper term it's at
the proper term for a berm I'll show you
basically they're just hills of sand
here's the berms that I expose in the
wintertime I think because maybe the
tide is high they build these giant
walls of
Sande I guess just in case the ocean
comes in so it'll keep the ocean out
anybody from California who knows the
exact reason I just figured because the
tide might come in but it's really cool
cuz people will get sleds and they'll
come sled down this and I've seen some
kids with like little snowboards will
come ski down this sand I like to use it
as like a really good workout I just run
up and down it and running up a hill and
sand get your heart beating people trust
me okay here's the routine basically I
go up over the hill down to the water
turn around
sprint up over the hill and then the
funnest part is jumping as far as you
can because then you just land in the
Suites and
see how much air you can get you just
fly off the edge I think and the sand is
so soft it doesn't hurt it's cool I get
your heart beating fast and running up
that hill get your legs burnin so it's
like I don't have a mic a lot of time to
do a long job I'll do like Sprint's up
and down this hill
just get your heart beating fast
okay you're home I took a shower we got
to go to a Christmas concert now it's
time to comb my hair once again mmm
see okay that looks good
let's go to the left to the left on my
palm trees lean to the left
why is this her he's so long and Todd
he's like falling over crazy palm trees
who's ready to see some holiday music
hop hop hop hop you're ready for some
holiday music this buddy's ready all
right we're going to the Christmas
concert and they palm trees these palm
trees they're so cool oh man I love it
dude these things have been around for
years and years and years the stories
these dudes can tell man tell me a story
palm tree talk to me
giant gumdrop button is not my gumdrop
buttons oh boy Rudolph's about to give
us a performance right I like the Hat
bro that's sweet okay I'm gonna go see
if I can get a real quick interview with
the artist mr. CSS I decide to perform
better sing that I want to hear you okay
take the halls with boughs of holly on
Alang Alang Alang gone or little silver
balls from the ceiling for Allah Allah
Allah Allah here they go
okay paint is ilysm is always thinking
like two songs that are pretty quick I
didn't get maybe turn second song hey
hey hey hey smile
I don't know about you then Pedro is
always my favorite reindeer bro you
didn't get off your mobile device for
two seconds your Big Brother's about to
come here and sing you some Christmas
songs
leave me alone dad I'm about to pass my
high score I love this game do our
secret handshake our secret wait wait do
you know I love you love you
leave me alone
really dad these girls here embarrass me
like that
my brother and that was this year's
children's Christmas concert
playing on the stage yeah he wanted to
go staged up dude there's no mosh pit to
catch you bro hey Pedro you want to
guide my sleigh tonight
oh hey what what's up you did great
today give me five I'm so proud of you
oh nice more presents great job on your
Christmas concert everybody I was very
proud of you would you like yours yeah
you like your songs you like that one
why do you like the other one
what's the matter bro yo BPO Tom
Postpile makes a reindeer smile you
think that's weird so you like the song
yeah what do you think they should
replace the lyrics to instead what makes
the reindeer smile well that's why they
put in the song da big piles of poop
make reindeer happy can't you just
accept that for that why you so
judgmental that's why you're not getting
presents this year yeah I think of that
look Rock targets mater Oh tow mater oh
by golly I'll tow you all the way to the
Grand Prix 500 you see a rock turn
it's mater dude say hi mater hey me
oh that's adorable all right we have a
happy merry holidays Christmas present
from Sun tarde and he wrote what a
Christmas miracle is alright dude I want
you to read that to us read it to us
what your idea of a Christmas miracle is
what is a Christmas miracle it is the
birth of our Savior Christmas carols
singing to our neighbors and friends
trimming the Christmas tree listen to
Christmas music on Christmas Eve giving
people wonderful gifts being happy and
healthy singing Hosanna on that
Christmas night baking cookies to give
to neighbors and friends sharing our
Christmas spirit all around Merry
Christmas and have a happy new year dude
that sounds like the best doggone
Christmas I've ever heard of is really
good and you are you stop crying all the
time
you wrote that by yourself dude
seriously I'm impressed that was really
good nice job what are you doing tonight
look at this I use this my sweater wow
I'm kind of jealous you're jealous
dresses okay okay
Oh
what's trendy mr. Lazar they're raising
money what you do like everybody sweet
Virgin Mobile's dollar he's alright all
right Tommy time alright here it thank
you
hashtag to Pathan they're raising money
for a right here
Virgin Mobile donate $1 to Covenant
House every time you use to use this
hashtag you guys will see this after
those out Taryn southern on the red
carpet oh yeah did the bounce of thing
Danica's or channels my heart
glozell slider on the roof there's bree
essrig
you're squishing your boobs on the glass
there's steep grade hasty food oh snap
okay just got to get it all gonna cut
cut cut this out
how many hashtag to Pathan so we have so
far no we were trending though who you
are and we can continue ya know sitting
in a dollar for a shake to the nine to
two month on they donate $1 up to how
many dollars 15 oh we gotta get that
easy I love this guy that's all about
Amen sister you're doing to get boss
here I wanted my pocket right now
she does it all editions in life
ha ha retweet hashtag to Pathan and
people will help other people and you
guarantee safe passage to happen
retweeting something let's get to the
goodness we got these boxes of
gingerbread houses and there's gifts
inside busting up when we got we got
what we got here we got a promise you
there's no bacon inside some dry rub dub
please make it stop our baby our
gingerbread pieces make a mansion make a
mention fresh bacon over here joking
good no no hashtag to the fun did you
tweet it yet if you didn't your little
boy
