okay we're doing
yeah
you're like
dude you are the cutest kid in the whole
world that's so cool
you got your Batman vest sprite around
hat and a spatula thing cool dude did
you have fun yeah yeah playing with
gapes frigerator all right we have a
present
this is our first present of the year
this is momentous the very first
Christmas present of the holiday season
princess card you get 10 bonus kid
points and you know what happens when
you get a hundred kid points
that's one get out of grounded jail free
card yeah you didn't know that you get a
hundred cool kid points you get out of
grounded jail ok let's open the thing
presents it's better be good or else you
only get five bonus points know what
let's see that crap now y'all know that
your frame stick around this whole
entire picture
dude that is some time and effort that's
what matters not just money but this is
this took your time and you are oh snap
some part of the wrapping paper oh it is
oh it's like you're it's falling apart
you look beautiful
oh you're so cute that is so precious
alright you get ten good kid points I
love you twenty your promotion it little
negotiator oh you're gonna fall love it
with me and you just be honest with your
father after all I've done for you just
tell me the truth does that tickle she
never tells me anything I'm going to my
room that Sheila that's the chinchilla
why does that mean love when the light
what is it when the moon hits your eye
like a big pizza pie that's love so
pizza sauce in your eye is love doesn't
sound like love to me ladies and
gentleman that sounds like a stinging
eyeball with marinara well love to
strange things so I had agreed to marry
you weirdo
all right we're having some dinner
dinner dinner dinner don't you freaking
frackle frickles pardon my language
having some spinach with sticker knows
spaghetti they were making chili retard
is throwing it up the Noles the naive
knowles are gonna come over and in you
know what I like about you know my food
obsession with chili I can't eat just
chili what I love to do is get a giant
handful of chips and sour cream and
cheese it's like oh it's a healthy
meatless chili but not until I put a
giant handful of chips cheese and sour
cream and stir that all up hmm what do
you put in your chili what's that
it's a baby pepper dude you just killed
the baby pepper that's a that's pepper
abortion is your embryo Oh taste peppery
like a pepper right it's not it's not
spicy though it's green pepper piece of
candy after gymnastics all right we'll
see so I'm gonna get in trouble from
Cola because I was supposed to hurry
home but because they're getting ready
for their performance on Saturday they
are going long at gymnastics because we
have dinner guests coming over and it's
already 6:05 and usually they're out at
6 o'clock sharp they're going over to
prepare what you like making new friends
what's your four new friends name then
they're not truly your friend unless you
know their full name social security and
date of birth
you haven't tell him you his name are
you gonna name him you should ask him
you should you should shake his hand and
say hi nice to meet you what's your name
that's the proper way to make a friend
here let me show you
hi my name is Shay what's your name
thanks for remembering you're tired name
plate in yourself why are you hitting
yourself bro
do we just men you're already beating
your samples right cool
yeah friendship can hurt sometimes I'm
sorry
oh great we got two five three
powerhouses their hands on their head
watch your Barbie movie punch me they're
watching their Barbie Christmas movie
it's like they she dropped it one we
showed up a few times the screen it's
crazy hey what's going on I'm in my
closet look at this no nope ever showed
this but look how nice my wife is she
made me a little hat hanger
I think this she put this one here as a
joke this is my deer hunting hat the
deer hunting hat doesn't get too much
action here in Los Angeles I have a
whole life you can see all the hats I've
ever had in my life
I have had multiple multiple hats what
happens it's like when I was a chunky
monkey I sweat a lot when I was fatter I
used to always sweat and like my hats
get all sweaty cuz I like to work out on
them sometimes but uh doing a lot of
happens okay that's why I had a sprained
ankle you I need a boat sprained ankle
boot you have stuff like that just like
collects in your closet like what am I
ever gonna do with this again if I
sprained my ankle
that's bad karma if you keep something
around like this because you might
sprain your ankle again one day then you
will spring your ankle again no I'm
gonna throw that away you're getting
throw it away in the morning I have
strong ankles forever never again will
I've sprained my ankle anyways I wanted
to say that tonight we had that knife
nose over and the missionaries over for
dinner it was fun we
we definitely do not have a no playing
ball in the house rule collect night but
I do not abide by that rule unless she
yells at me really serious then I do but
more poorly than that today is Denise
vlogs last day editing and I think all
of you should go give her a big sincere
thank you on her Twitter and go support
her she has a new series coming out well
it's like the relaunch of her serious TV
presents Denise vlogs presents she's the
female Alfred Hitchcock of YouTube so
she has a new video coming out I think
next Wednesday
and you guys should go check her out and
subscribe to her because she's a good
friend of mine been a friend for about
five years it's so funny of the two
people who have edited my vlogs I know
sometimes I get it crap because of like
oh you have an editor blah blah blah my
editor isn't there like my friends it's
been bread the intern and Denise vlogs
two of my really close friends for the
last five years I wouldn't trust just
some normal person to handle these
videos because there's so much that's
means so much to me like with my family
and my kids that I wouldn't just trust
that to somebody who I hired to be an
editor so Denise and Brett are like
friends first that just happened to edit
my vlogs they're not editors Denise and
Brett were never editors in the first
place they just knew how to edit I never
hired somebody who was a professional
editor
I hired friends that would help me
because I trusted them anyways so moving
on I me I'm also not an editor I suck at
it worse than Brett Denise but I'm gonna
start editing the vlogs again I'm gonna
learn that's a good opportunity I was
listening to Joe Berettas life show I
was I was I was peeking in I was peeking
in I was trolling on Joe Berettas life
show the other night he's on vocal you
know Joe Bereta from Branson Brett he's
also on SourceFed I was watching him and
he was saying that you should try to
learn something new every day and that's
one thing that as a youtuber I have to
admit that's my weak spot man I am NOT a
good editor like I can cut stuff but
like I don't know how to do a fax or
like any of that stuff I've just always
relied on my good personality and has
lugs
and these big white chompers and they've
led me to a place or two in my life but
I'm gonna start editing the vlog again
and I'm excited I'm excited maybe I'll
get sick of it and have to find somebody
else at it but I'm excited to start
editing them again and I think it'll be
cool to just be a bigger part of them
and I always remember as an editor as
when I edited my own vlog that's like
the inside jokes and the day-to-day
little things that happen every day I
remember more because now like when I
film was we film it I just sent it to
Denise and she uploads it but when you
edit like you watch this stuff over and
over and over and over again so anyways
Mommy Scout uniform I should put it on
it won't all right I'll see you guys
tomorrow where I will be editing the
vlog I hope it doesn't suck we'll see
okay love you
good night hey you guys this is Denise
doing my very last end slate for the
Shaytards
and I just want to thank all of you for
being kind to me and for welcoming me
into your shade hard vlog experience and
thank you so much Shay Collette baby
tard princess torrid Sun tarde rock card
for letting me edit your family vlogs
for the past nine months it's brought a
lot of the joy into my life and I'm
sincerely going to miss it I'm gonna cry
you guys don't let me cried okay okay
I'm cool I'm cool and yeah don't worry
about me I'm just gonna get a different
position at maker and I'm gonna start
working on my videos just like Shay just
said so if you guys want to check those
out and support me that would be cool
and for the last time I will tell you
guys this yesterday's vlog is to your
left to your right is the new podcast
and in the middle is the one two and
three for what the Shaytards were doing
one year ago two years ago and three
years ago okay guys I love you I will
miss you and goodbye
