four three two one tarde a baby princess
rocket a Sun heart yet they brought a
family of fun toy they are anti they
will see their favorite song oh wait
a rock-hard he poured his on the cereal
but I'm impressed he managed to keep
most of it in the bowl do it
and now you're playing with all the
decorations off the tree this is why it
is hard for a woman to cheat for house
cleaning cause she has little minions
that just stare at the park anyways I
heard a saying somewhere I can't
remember the exact saying but it's like
if things are left by themselves then
they will they will
and that I could look it up before I
tell you gotta ask replied ya say the
words and my mouth but basically if
things are left by themselves then they
will automatically start to become dis
parade like disorderly like things just
sitting will not just like stay clean
like there's going to be dust gathering
or you know what I mean like you can't
expect things to stay the way they are
they always start to go into a direction
of disorder and I thought that was
interesting because it's true especially
if you're a mom and you know what I'm
talking about or even if you're kidding
you have a room it's like you clean your
room you're like how does this get messy
all of a sudden things just get
disorderly automatically so you just
have to constantly pick stuff up and
constantly clean stuff it's it's sort of
obnoxious but anyways look at our tree
it's still Bellini Trower shower of
trees what Crower
I said Trower but it's beautiful at
least it's still sparkling we haven't
managed to get the decorations back on
it they're over there in the corner
stupid the decorations and they're there
are you trying to make it an orderly
messed up pile what a good little boy
you are
he's hiding where's your car hey where
is it is it in that pile did you hide it
he's proud of this little pile Wow there
it is cool dude oh I love you even if
you help things to move to a state of
disarray
it is okay I love you ah what tell me
hey where's the car it's hiding hey
Heidi hiding in there I finna get it out
there it is he could play this game for
hours I swear whoa dude car overload are
you guys fun with cars fun with Rock
chart and baton tardy carpet base car
charger down here and you gotta push the
button
oh the simple joys in life watching
Wow all right it's time to nip things in
the bud why do you want to marry a
Spanish man I did already
hola me llamo s Carlos you know
what I love with my breakfast YouTube
drama and watermelon all right make the
bed if you don't make the bed rail iam
Johnson might sweet do we have the dirty
house no we're bad people yeah just go
ahead and stick them right in the
watermelon that's good dude
does that feel cool on your fingers Oh
what nursery rhyme thank you remember
how goes where you put this oh stuck in
a thumb pulled out a plum and boy what
boy am I you're not being a good boy
that's daddy's breakfast
daddy's breakfast why are you doing that
whoa that feel good know if you can't
beat them join them on try that oh
that's weird
who wants to go swimming go what about
what's about your feet no shoo shoo shoo
shoo not recomended we're not written
anywhere not ringing is that the nose
what is that dad's to that song well I
don't care what you say I'm bringing
shoes let's go rock tar we're going
swimming dude get in your moon boots
there's not snow out there do you need
your moon boots you're running your moon
boots hey I got my shoes right so Sun
tarde and Mommy tarde went uh caroling
they went Christmas caroling for Scouts
and I'm here with these Nino's you know
Christmas caroling is
you don't care that's funny I don't
think we've ever told you what that is
Christmas caroling is when you go door
to door and you sing people Christmas
songs wish you a Merry Christmas we wish
you a Merry Christmas we wish you a
Merry Christmas ha ha oh yeah
God August Wade Boggs jump yo your frog
what's that your fault well when I'm
Christmas caroling sometimes awesome
house yeah they go door to door and sing
Merry Christmas and like different
Christmas oh that's a good question
that's gonna be awkward huh when they
start singing Christmas songs what a
thoughtful little girl why wouldn't I
celebrate Christmas yes
if cuz if they're Jewish diversity in LA
that's one thing you get that's a good
it's a very good point
that's the likelihood that that could
happen with somebody where they could go
to somebody's house that doesn't show he
says our which is her boyfriend at
school that's very intuitive of you
princess Park I think that I think what
will happen if they go to somebody's
house and they're Jewish the people will
probably be polite and just enjoy the
singing because who doesn't like a bunch
of little Scout singing unless you're
Scrooge you know I think they'll still
like missing what 10 tons of sugar and
cocaine and you guys jeez you guys need
any sugar right yeah well it's not a
sugar day yeah I'm watching you I'll do
a blood test later if I have to I'll do
a blood test I'll test your blood I'll
take some of your blood and I'll put it
in my sugar ohmmeter and that'll tell me
how much sugar you've had today are you
gonna be busted are you gonna unipi
clean or gonna be dirty be all right
come on swimming going swimming
no shiet remember why we always have to
be quiet in the hall that's one of
daddy's rules before we go out swimming
I'm like even more in the halls we have
to be quiet because there's people that
are trying to sleep and they only hear a
bunch of kids screaming down the halls
so it's like a daily reminder the daddy
has to do and they get excited and they
go running down the hall I'm just like
our neighbors probably hate us so
tonight we just walked out and rocked
her house Shh quiet
so he remembered quiet quiet
that way our neighbors will hate us
totally just kind of just a little bit
of paint go that is gross so did I Oh
Nelly Nelly Furtado Oh Miley Cyrus Oh
Hannah Montana what that's weird hey
guys there's been something I've been
meaning to tell you all day long and I
just want to reform that's how I feel
about our guys I just wanted to open up
you guys let you know thanks for listen
I really appreciate it oh it's hot can
you see the steam I think they turned
the hot tub up just a few degrees during
the winter months because it is hot like
as you step in it's like oh oh you know
when you first get in a hot tub and it's
like it's almost too hot to get in it it
feels like it's burning your skin rock
cards over in the pool doing laps here
bringing my toe it's hot huh let me see
those toes let me see those little
piggies oh this little piggy went to the
market and this little piggies medium
rare let me try to have a taste of that
medium rare piggy then he's like what
I can put you can look how long can you
hold your breath under the water far
can't relate can you do it for 10
seconds I can't okay ready set go 1 2 3
4 5
oh is it too hot yeah you can do it
longer than that
listen I believe in you you can do it
for 10 seconds you just did it for 5
seconds take three deep breaths
go under for 10 seconds it's probably
not for children to be holding their
breath on a table all right no pressure
bro but if you want to amount to
anything in the slide he'll do it for 10
making that play okay let's go to simple
jump some poke last night actually we
didn't film this but we had a hold your
breath contest and princest heartbeat
sunt art by 3 seconds it was very
dramatic they were debating whether it
was easier to hold their breath in the
pool or the hot tub and I think this is
right is this right I said it's harder
to hold your breath in the hot tub
because the heat of the water makes your
heart beat faster right and it's because
I feel like the cold water because the
pool is cold the pool the cold water
slows your heart down and slows slows
your blood flow through your veins down
so it's easier to hold your breath right
what do you guys think about is that a
scientifical thing that just seems like
something that would be true what did
you learn in school today by the way is
that public education doing anything for
you
don't pen I can't remember it's dark
time yeah let me see oh you're right it
is dark time look he's back from Colleen
how was it huge yeah I know he likes to
wear his moon boots to the hot tub it's
just thing it's kind of his thing you
know he goes he does a little shimmy
shimmy shake shake the voicing really
loud there was a lot of us there and
then we had cookies and hot chocolate
but we didn't have any no so proud of
you let me see that hat good that's cool
my little boys a bear so you guys
princess heart actually had a good
question about Christmas Caroline okay
ask him do you have a soccer picture of
says no not bad yeah says are out of
your brain
Carolyn no what was remember what you
asked me about when I told you they went
to go Christmas caroling to sing
Christmas songs she said what is
caroling me and then I told him is when
people sing Christmas songs at other
people's houses and then what did you
say this happened like 30 minutes ago
you asked what if people don't believe
in Christmas remember that yeah they
were saying Jewish did you have anybody
that that was like oh I don't celebrate
Christmas shake some Christmas cards
that were happy holidays but we only
knew Christmas songs like but uh-uh
but did it anybody when they open the
door say listen I'm Jewish I don't want
to hear your stupid songs get out of
here and they try to beat you with the
menorah did that happen no I didn't
happen it didn't happen
was everybody friendly was there anybody
that was like nice what did they say
so get this this old man open the door
and he had like oxygen thing you know
yeah like and he was so sweet and we
sang to him and this little boy that was
one of the boys brothers was like 5
years old he goes how come you have
those things in your nose Oh kids say
the darndest thing he was so so he's
like well cuz I was naughty when I was
younger and I smoked a lot oh nice a
good learning experience it was really
cute I was like oh he was really honest
he wasn't like uh yeah
I mean that happened son tard yeah I was
are you too busy playing your soccer
game it was like everything line of us
so the people in the front couldn't hear
the people in the back really sorry in
the back tell me about your experience
do you have fun uh yes what was your
favorite part of the seeing and shaking
the bells my favorite song was silent
night holy night is that a collaboration
of two songs no orna it's silent nice uh
harlot holiness you know long hard likes
to shake her bells from time to time
hide what ha ha you got a toothbrush to
turn it on turn it on there you go
breakfast teeth cool graham cracker
toothbrush that's pretty sweet huh may I
get your own toothbrush doctor let mr.
Keane kids Rock yard brush mommy Steve
brush mommy's teeth look at those big
choppers don't stab her in the eye cover
me vacuum freshen good brushes his
little body brushes it thanks mom for
the toothbrush say thanks mommy tell
your mother thank you Oh give him a give
her a kiss now here mommy wants a kisses
oh all right it's fun you know just
hanging out with the family ok talk to
later anyways yeah so there's no no hard
feelings with Ray leaving anything I
think that he's awesome he's gonna do a
great job don't lie you'd fight him in a
street fight if you saw manelli wife
item I would lose totally hi dad good
night
I love Ray's brother Rob he's the
coolest guy
