you're a regular guy
but you try to be something
so say
in the shade
400 more calendars right there 400 more
we already signed 600 of them I feel bad
because a lot of you that are just
coursing ooh just see that slow motion
Denise did you see that bug was told
just for my mouth
you
nasty anyways so okay for the calendars
we promised ooh
can it tasted a grass - it's a real bug
I spit it on the ground
look who's sleeping in the backseat
sleepyhead sleepyhead so we did say that
we would sign the first 500 calendars
which we did and we actually signed a
hundred extra the kids signed about 200
of them and then they got tired went to
bed but me and Colette signed 600 of
them and I just dropped off those first
600 - maker studios and I picked up 400
more we ran assign as many as we can
some of you aren't gonna get signed
calendars and I apologize because
they've already started to send some out
like today when I went dropped off the
first 600 what they've done is basically
basically they said they skipped ahead
so that the first 500 will because we
did make that promise the first 500
people the order counters will get
signed ones other ones of you are gonna
get signed calendars but some of you
aren't so if you just miss that 500
cutoff you might not be getting a signed
one but some of you might get surprised
if you didn't think that you're gonna
get a signed calendar so we got 400 more
so we'll assign a thousand total and
I'll try to sign more but they're
shipping them out today and tomorrow as
fast as they can to get them to you guys
so some of you might not get signed ones
I apologize but if you still order now
you possibly could actually get a signed
one because they're shipping out the 600
that we signed and all the other ones
today but I have 400 right here that I'm
gonna sign so if you haven't ordered one
yet there really is a possibility you
could get a signed one out I know that
some of you might say like that's not
fair well we did what we promised we did
sign the first 500 we did that so I'm
just trying to sign as many as we can
cuz we love you guys and I don't know we
want you to have ink poisoning no that's
probably not one okay
let's love you picking up the kid from
school all right what'd you learn today
ladies and then from 10th on how to make
from Sun time he taught you how to make
that yeah whoa that was a good throw
there must be a good airplane - I flew
really nice what a nice big brother you
have ready can't catch this where is Sun
thar by the way yeah you guys impressed
your brother's a rock star so lucky this
is not this one's a star he's a nap star
he takes naps 3000 hours a day hey you
guys have a big show this Saturday crate
sISTAR go and tell them what you're
doing this Saturday
janessa expert dude I'm so excited to
see your number you have it down are you
ready my number your performance I only
call it a number let you call it like a
song got your number you know your
performance you have it down you know
you're gonna do it I wanna show it to me
when you get home okay is it a secret
surprise okay okay maybe tired what are
you doing are you doing just she just
showed everything now we know there's no
surprises anymore
there's some weird nose taking thing
that goes on baby tart are you from
around so I can see picture nose do you
do that in the performance Shh nose pick
and go no I should go that's it I'm five
six pick your nose all right
did you seatbelt on okay Facebook seat
belt buckle just tell me real quick just
let me know if that tickles just a quick
that tickles down anything not help let
me know
does that tickle get your head hit your
shoulder
laughing don't tickle my bellybutton
that's my tickly spot
is filling it
got the moon
the family
there you go
a little company
needless to say my kids are being very
busy learning learning new things and
trying different stuff and I think it's
fun I feel really grateful that they're
able to try you know gymnastics and rock
star different things like that but I am
very also grateful that it's almost over
for at least a couple weeks I just need
a break to breathe and remember why
we're doing all this stuff and you know
see our family and have fun I'm excited
for Christmas I don't know what do you
guys think about kids being involved
with stuff I feel like we've had our
kids involved with a lot of different
things to try to see kind of what they
like what we're interested in and I'm
pretty sure that as they get older
they'll try to like hone into one or two
things but for now I think it's good
that they're trying a lot of different
things like centaur doesn't like
football and soccer and karate for a
while and he's gonna try to ask a ball I
think it's important so that you really
like learns you know what I do like this
right oh my god the girls I think
they're just really good at gymnastics I
don't want them to go away from that but
if they want to try something else I
think that they should and I would like
to get some more music going on with the
kids would not be fun if we did like a
shade art singing something with the
kids yeah I think so too
so we might work on that
I don't know what I'm just excited that
christmas is coming it's open school
we're gonna be traveling next week to go
back to I know again baby charge I don't
suppose you're eating your fingers for
dinner tonight are ya cannon you
shouldn't have them in your mouth all
right show me what you're doing for your
class project yeah is that okay
I asked a rock tired worship it too
puffy in offense and he showed you so
cute okay maybe you shouldn't let him
play with the glue though that probably
not I got ideas we should find some more
things to put on your snow my baby chart
I think that I might have some Christmas
stickers oh that's fun I'm a good mom I
have Christmas sticker
Merry Christmas stickers yeah thanks a
lot okay I'm gonna find the Christmas
stickers and they are obviously getting
ready to go to swimming with this
handsome seller hi hey yeah he's stunned
I'm watching the Patriots Texans go oh
man look at that tree we still haven't
given that tree any love
I'm sorry to take that tree worst
Christmas tree ever
Oh what's wrong I'm in this Saturday you
guys are jingle bells parody that's why
the tree is destroyed we just you know
what I'm sorted it that's where Jesus
tells videos gonna be upload and are you
excited if it's a ghost woman yeah
that's her I wanted this you can hang
from that think you gonna lift that
Carrie she's thinking she knows she
knows the danger is already wait hanging
that's pretty good ready okay hold on
tight let's go girl that's pretty
intense you don't see good can you do a
curl um no come on Beto this
don't hurt yourself okay watch your
permit dude use two hands grab those two
hands gonna do five of those push it
over your head go do I keep your tummy
and your stomach coming stomach and
tummy at the same time did you suck at
your tummy and his tummy and Zoey
got it
using some their usual urge of cute
Johnny Johnny you gotta keep your dummy
in your silly dummy boy hey I wanna
punch you in this demo in a minute
bring it I will on a minute don't touch
my stone what did you pinch yourself
again oh it's bad how did you even do
that
oh my she wasn't on her leg when she got
up like pinch turn lane well that's it
yes that hurts your your stomach and
meanwhile we're talking about Sonny's
raw cards over here ruining our
furniture Oh Oh try to cover it up yeah
nobody's gonna see you stupid little
brat why three with some Windex and
spray it why do we have babies that's a
better question everybody has sharpies
Shay you need the magic eraser that will
help but it won't do it all okay Thunder
come here
well then magic erase you come on rock
hard you've worked this little
two-year-old won't work stop paying
attention to you for two seconds
oh well clean up these memories will
last a lifetime
I love this table
I do that I consider it this my
grandpappy's table he built out of fresh
pine oak on his property up in Palmyra
oh my god the Magic Eraser bro
we need it mommy her I think she has a
special remedy gonna be there for us you
believe it's in it wonders sharp you
have to be safe marker e hey when it's
so mark reading its marker ease things
up all the time no sharp well we got 400
more calendars we have to sign you guys
you ready to sign some more calendars
good thing we have Sharpie is the first
tool we did but they sent those out
today right so so here from roadie
arcade we got some fresh calendars as
you can see shave just dropped off about
600 or 700 sign all of them himself
personally in the family oh hi guys
pretty intern here I've been I've been
working all day long packaging 700
signed signed calendars all day you
asked me why I don't anymore it's
because I'm doing this I've been doing
this all day
these are all signs and they're all
beautiful they've got this girl's name
is Herman Herman is her name
this is Mary Bennett I can just give all
their in from it you know what actually
I'm gonna give away a free shirt and a
Corvette
and I'm a free cake okay maybe just a
shirt you actually wanna see what the
camera looks like it's signed right here
and the first month a job I'm not
showing you how can I get a free shirt
let's see I hope a size girl fits you
anyway Shay so we got a lot of things
happen here there's a lot of buzzers and
buttons and puzzles and whatsits and
Smurfs working around the clock all
right I'm gonna go back to work and see
you later all right yeah motorcycle
build-off chopper lives I'm watchin this
motorcycle build off it's on Discovery
Channel I don't know what it is like I
really like watching these motorcycles
come together they always try to put
drama in it like between the but I just
want to see the motorcycles it's cool to
see him like coming together I tweeted
Paul jr. because do you guys remember
how long ago was that honey when he
tweeted me you guys ever watched senior
vers junior you know OCC Orange County
Choppers it was like a year ago or
something I remember I was still a big
boy and there was one episode where Paul
jr. was yell
at a guy at the shop named che and I
tweeted us like dude quit yelling at me
and he tweeted me back
so anyways I've been watching this show
all night and I voted for him because
they're having this I think there's like
the second annual chopper build off it's
between Jesse James Paul senior Paul jr.
and then these new guys called their
names gas monkeys or whatever they're
out of Dallas Texas and I tweeted Paul
jr. tonight that I voted for him so you
guys we should all tweet Paul jr. and
tell them the Shaytards are voting for
him cuz tomorrow night or tonight when
you're watching this they're gonna have
a live vote off in Las Vegas we're gonna
have a live show if you know what I'm
talking about on Discovery it's pretty
cool anyways I'm signing calendars mommy
tard is I don't are you gonna sign these
babe because we got to have them too so
it ready okay by tomorrow morning you
don't have to if you're busy so maybe
you should just put a one pair of
dishwashing gloves for every calendar
hey you guys want some yellow gloves so
we have 300 there's 100 per box and I'm
almost finished signing the first
hundred in this box I'm gonna try to get
as many sign as we can this will be a
thousand sign and then a lot of you have
been getting your emails from rodeo
arcade every time they print off your
shipping label they'll send you an email
letting you know that the calendars on
the way so I'm so excited as soon as you
guys get them tweet me a picture and
tell me what you think of the 2014
January picture it's right there should
I give you guys a little no I'm not
going to show you some of you guys have
been mad because you haven't been able
to see the pictures well I'll show you
one one picture right here right here
look at this one
Prince's tard there's me and there's a
llama retard all in the same rope I
wanted to try to get the whole family on
a rope but it was like hard to like get
us all up there like her I take the
picture hurry take the picture there's
another one okay I won't show you
anymore so if you haven't got a calendar
you can still get one and here's the
lowdown of it if you haven't bought a
calendar yet you probably may be able to
get a signed one because though texted
me tonight and they're trying to get all
of the calendars that have been ordered
sent out tonight because there's so many
of them they want to get them shipped
and so I said give me
400 marks on a sign you know as many as
possible so you still might get a signed
one if you don't get a sign one don't be
discouraged but like I said we've
already signed 600 of them and we're
signing 400 more all right
go vote for Paul Junior go tweet him and
tell him that I love him I love you
pause you you it's that way - it's weird
weird oh here
his bike is the best though honestly
let's just do it quick we can do it fast
and we'll wrap it up okay speed round
speed round
okay so we're so ready to it it's gonna
be on my team Rhett's and Colette
against me I beat it
let's be honest okay here your
