hey everybody how you doing thanks for
watching
hey lady love to do about it
they let me in very good
yep I think you're gonna have a baby
that's weird
good job in look at it looking at you
like a baby my baby boy it is Friday and
we're freaking excited cuz it's Friday
fools where do we got on the agenda
today I have to go up north up north
gotta go up to the North Country up to
the cold North Country the fine brothers
and shoot my music and then we have a
Christmas party tonight a - and our
Christmas party is the first one of the
year first crisp party of the year so
excited gonna bring my baby that I just
had
I'm abnormally excited about an
Instagram picture I just took you guys
don't follow me on instagram follow me
on instagram because i spend too much
time on it look I try to come up with
the literation xym like what would be
good with this I just I love love love
like getting an idea for a picture or
like we had this ball rock chard brought
this ball down there and I thought
thought that ball would take a really
cool picture with like the blue of the
swimming pool and the contrast of the
orange so I took this picture
Deniz show up and I really enjoy
Instagram it's so fun for me I love like
thinking of accountant to frame it and
then like picking the right Instagram
what do you call them filters you guys
following in Instagram links below dude
I'm not sure what you're trying to do
here but I think you're gonna fall stand
out here let me help you
the playground is very wet
rain it's just do we know you're in jail
well I guess you can't hurt yourself
there huh careful don't slip please all
right let's go by t so happy because
we're getting cheese the five all the
stuff with the potatoes that I'm making
tonight yesterday and for some reason I
didn't buy the cheese cuz I was like oh
I can bite she's really cheap at
hospital but I can never get times but
when they're going so we're at
Albertson's getting cheese instead of
getting it yesterday
how annoying can you get it open the
door
get some cheese you need help with the
cheese okay I will help you with the
cheese but let's get this one this Oh
mom can't even open the cheese it's like
that's the trick it slides look get a
little G get this one get that one's a
big one get the big one
good job good job cheese man
you see that little shake
you're the best grocery store now
forever high-five all right I'm all
finished just went and shot with the
fine brothers for their mymusicshow
those dudes are content monsters they
have so many different shows and web
series it's insane and I was just on
their very first episode of youtubers
react which is already over a million
views I woke up this morning and like
right when I woke up I checked I want to
read some comments on that video four
hundred and eighty thousand views in
less than 24 hours and there's like
three thousand new people to subscribe
to the Shh arts Channel so hello it's
nice to meet you welcome on over to our
family y'all I hope you have a joyous
time here we're all about optimism
smiles and cupcakes I'm just kidding
benny and rafi are good friends been
friends with them for a long time
they've created a lot of content on the
shaycarl channel actually when we used
to do man vs. wife they were like my
producers from my channel love those
dudes those dudes are some good dudes
you ever know some dudes just for some
good dudes LEM do just some good nudes
you know I'm saying but that youtubers
react that is such an honor to be
considered in that list of you know
youtubers we're talking the biggest of
the bigs iJustine juicystar Harley from
Epic Meal Time timothy delaghetto joe
mystery guitar man Smosh mr. sparkles
who else is on there I was just so cool
to be part of that Oh Tay Zonday and
it's cool to you know have them as my
you know colleagues and to have been
doing this for so long and just being a
youtuber man it's exciting and I
wouldn't have tre I wouldn't trade it
for anything you can say che you could
be El Presidente of the churros Club and
I'd say no I like what I'm doing just
fine thank you very much anyways you
know where I'm at now traffic lots of
traffic gonna try to jump on the 405
ahead on southward but exciting
no I'm gonna go pick up hopefully FedEx
has delivered the 2013 shaped hard
calendars that's right ladies and
gentlemen all 12 months of next year can
have a smiley face looking right back at
you from one or more members of my
family but we added another year for the
price of 1213 months that's right
January of 2014 is also included and the
picture that is on the January calendar
you know there's always a picture for
corresponding months is what I'm very
excited about some of you have heard me
talking about there was this certain
thing that I did very last minute that
we did and I'm so excited some of you
well you'll see you're gonna be getting
your calendars pretty soon we're gonna
sign up tonight hey there's something
that I need to address that came up in
the latest podcast because during the
podcast lately we've been having a live
blog TV show and somebody you'll have to
go watch the latest podcast to see what
I said but what a way to promote your
own show anyways I talked about getting
tattoos of like things that I've said or
my logo or for the instance of one young
individual Greg hi every day vlogger a
tattoo of my face on his arm I just want
to make this perfectly clear that first
of all I am totally flattered and
honored that for whatever reason whether
it was I inspired you or motivated you
or whatever that you would be willing to
tattoo something that I said or did on
your skin to me that is just crazy to
think that anything that I've ever done
or said in my life would motivate
somebody to do something that's so
permanent and second of all don't do it
if you already have if you're one of
those few people who have a tattoo of
either my logo or you know happiness is
a choice or any of those things that
I've ever said you know my one liners
where I try to get all motivational that
is flattering to me and I think that's
cool that I was able to inspire you but
I don't want you to resent me later in
life because tattoos are permanent
unless you spend a lot of money to get
them lazy
removed they're gonna be painful and
expensive you know you don't know if
you're gonna be a fan of mine forever
and ever and ever so if you do get a
tattoo or if you have I want you to know
that I appreciate it but I want you to
know that I don't want you to do that if
there are any people out there who are
thinking that they will get a shaycarl
inspired tattoo if you were to ask me I
would say please don't because think
about that like that's an a long-term
decision to put something on your body
that is forever I mean you can get
tattoos removed but it's gonna be
painful and it's gonna cost money so
don't do that even though like I'm
flattered that you would you know get
like a poster buy a t-shirt wear one of
my hats anyways I just wanted to address
that because there were some I don't
want to make anybody feel bad if they
have had tattoos of me you know like I
said that's super flattering and but I
just don't want you to resent me later
on in life or regret you know having
done that and that's a pretty permanent
decision you don't I mean think through
these decisions that last a long time
that's all I'm trying to say I'm not
trying to offend anybody or say you've
ruined your life cuz you got a tattoo
that's not what I'm trying to say at all
so please understand me I just I don't
want you to resent me and I don't want
you to regret that decision that like I
said tattoos are a pretty permanent
thing right is that clear enough I love
you go watch last podcast you know what
I'm talking about all right I was in
such a hurry to make the potatoes but I
did I forgot to bring out the cameras
I'm sorry but I made the potatoes for
the Christmas party tonight I'm just
gonna show you what they look like I got
two big pans that I had to finagle to
get a full tummy open at the same time
but they're both the yummy potatoes and
that's the recipe that I have it's
called yummy potatoes it's my mom's
recipe formerly known as funeral
potatoes I guess so if you guys have
ever had those it's like potatoes mixed
with either cream of chicken or cream of
mushroom soup and onions and cheese and
and then I layer the top of mine with
corn flakes so I don't know it sounds
crazy but they're yummy they're really
delicious so I'm making those then we're
having ham tonight with rolls and salads
and I'm making dessert I'm thinking
Golden Grahams s'mores cuz they're sour
and that's the plan for tonight so I'm
gonna finish the dessert my butter out
for the s'mores and my chocolate fix
that I have already opened and had a few
pieces don't judge and Golden Grahams
and marshmallow and for those of you who
have asked for the recipe it's actually
just the Golden Grahams recipe they have
it usually on the box sometimes they
don't but I'm sure that you could find
it online somewhere but it's just eight
let's see you start with five
tablespoons of butter and then you put
in like a package of chocolate chips and
then six cups marshmallows no you put
the marshmallows in before the
trebuchets see now I'm all messing it up
butter marshmallows melted together
chocolate chips melt it together then
eight cups of golden grounds and that's
it oh and then a teaspoon of vanilla
extract yeah that's all it is to make a
delicious so I swear if you haven't had
it before just try it just once it's on
and we can just try it you'll never go
back now you can't take me they don't
look good mmm well this is the first
batch this is the second batch look at
the marshmallows love to you oh my gosh
they're gonna be really good I promise
keep the stirring go all the
marshmallows and melt it up Todd are you
ready for the Christmas party
you look super ready so we were here
stuck in traffic trying to get to the
Christmas party and we're all a little
stressed out and what is also a good
time to a Christmas party what rock and
Roli OS gallery are you excited to see
possibly Santa Claus
guess that means yes baby turn are you
excited baby turn are you hiding behind
though so you can suck your thumb
- is always watching even if I don't see
you as Santa's always watching it can
happen does that count as being naughty
sucking your thumb
baby thar she nervous
the picture what do you want for
christmas all want Barbies and dolls
with cool stuff like that alright look
what I have in the backseat I have a
rock card but I also have 500 Shaytards
calendars all stacked up ok baby card
when we get home are you gonna sign in
any other calendars don't wash my hands
touch counters in I get germs on it and
in the other person touches the calendar
and negative oh you are so smart you
guys hear that not only do you get 12
months of family delight meant but you
get a conscious minded baby tart who
doesn't want you guys to get sick maybe
yeah huh yeah that's a lot of dirty huh
that's the sick how you do
hey everybody chick magnet chick magnet
chick magnet chick magnet
px for all you punk rockers out there
alright let's go would you call me
baseball retard is loser
my calendar presents our wants to make a
little calendar shop because she loves
shops so this is exciting for her
because this is gonna be real shop are
you ready yes are you ready here we go
we're opening 2013 Shh our calendars
right now I'm excited music you can put
them where you know baby tart but your
notes I gotta get the sticky notes good
they're sleek they're really sleek this
year I I don't how much should I show
you no no more than that oh there it is
then the the extra the extra month
January of 2014 is a very very special
picture and I'm excited for those of you
would get it to see it and they want to
know what you think it's one it's a
picture that you can sit and look at for
30 straight minutes obviously 30
straight minutes you can sit there it's
really cool I'm really really excited
you know I'm excited about this picture
hey you don't get any pourcel morsel of
these this picture took us probably you
guys held onto this picture take us
together how long how many times do we
do this picture honestly though how many
times it took us to take that picture
seven I think more than that what do you
think you think 15 I'll show you this
one picture in November 2013 this
picture right here we're all at LACMA
the Los Angeles
what's the art museum or whatever to get
all of us in the air simultaneously and
there's like a group of tourists wanting
to come take pictures and over and over
and over like okay guys we've got this
one two three and every time
like one of the kids wouldn't be off the
ground this one was the best one rocked
hard just barely got samara mostly
because me and mommy tartar like ripping
his arms out of sockets like job job but
it was fun we're all cracking up
laughing I'll show you why more because
mommy times not in here to yell at me
but there's a lot of fun pictures in
what hey bear I just only showed him
that one I promise dude you're such a
tattletale
what okay so here they are the 2013
calendars order one now they're the same
size as last year I'll show you the back
cover to see you next year a little rock
face but very good what do you think
centaur do you like how they turned out
yes okay so we're gonna start sight in
these and then we're gonna start
stuffing them in these envelopes and
princes card and baby tard go get some
of your notes they may be turns doing it
baby chart wanted to write some notes
and we're gonna put them in some
calendars so not everybody will get one
but some of you are gonna get a note
from baby talk all right princess card
is already cited you're just doing like
little tiny tiny you can look bigger
than that dude this is in the bottom
right corner now I have to decide which
color so not all the kids are gonna sign
all of them but just because we're just
opening this first box and they're
excited you're getting purple you gone
blue I don't know I think I'll just go
classic black princess starts doing red
maybe all the green on some okay so PT's
we need an assembly line who's that
Matthieu that's my you that's you buddy
whatever Rock card sees a picture of
himself he goes you that's you that's my
you do you're wrinkling the calendar
already oh man looks like this one's
ours
Butthead oh yeah Catherine G you guys
stop dashing through the snow you know
okay we got an assembly line going here
first daddy signs and then he stacks it
here then mommy signs and then princess
card signs and then sunt
what are you trying to dominate the
signatures No you see how it is mr. John
Hancock biggest signature on the page
Sean tard dude you might want to put it
you might want to put a tee there else
your sign in it Sun lard
oh and that might not be the cool thing
you just make it too easy to make fun of
you hey Sun lard
that's not nice dude seriously that's
ridiculous that's too big somebody's
gonna get that me like thing is
scribbled all over hopefully whoever
gets this one really like Sun tard cuz
that is just the giantess signature I've
ever seen alright Sun tart added a note
what does it say you better wish me
happy birthday just better wish me happy
birthday just kidding
on his birthday December 3rd so
whoever's getting this one is gonna get
a special reminder from centaur that you
better wish him a happy birthday whoever
get this one's a lucky devil look
there's a little slip that's like the
golden ticket one from Willy Wonka and
the Chocolate Factory is candy bars you
see a little bit of pink coming out of
the side
dude where's my chocolate waterfall if I
get this calendar I want a chocolate
waterfall remember that how exciting it
was when Charlie opens the candy bar and
he's like looking to see just that
little piece of gold if he got the
golden ticket I've got a golden ticket
it's ours Charlie you might get the pink
slip that's also means you get fired
right if you had a pink slip you get
fired detention you have a pink slip
are you putting something in detention
all right have you ever got any pink
slips at school
you're lucky because it says yeah glad
you clarified that are you putting it
right there on me they're nice all right
print just hard to split two notes and
hers too so if you get this one
you're lucky devil is a pink slipping it
out man you're gonna give it away yeah
I'm gonna tuck those pink slips in bro
tuck the pink slip in speaking of being
fired hey guys it's 2ds I'm just kidding
I mean well she is going to start
editing the blogs again and I won't be
editing anymore and that will be
starting next Friday and I'm sure you
guys are really excited about that it's
always fun when Shay edits his own vlogs
but I'll be just moving into a different
position at maker studios so it's all
good and I just wanted to let you guys
know that I was hanging out with
birthday and turn yesterday and he
happened to pick up one of these
calendars at maker studios and I got to
take a look at it and yeah they are
really nice-looking very sleek and
classy really beautiful pictures if you
are a Shaytards fan which i think you
are if you're watching a Shaytards vlog
and you're earning all the way up to
Dan's late um I think that these
calendars are perfect for you because
they're just really beautiful and they
got shaytards all over it well of course
they do because their dish HR calendar
okay anyway okay guys so I'm gonna go
now and I'm gonna leave you with a
little snippet of the podcast so you can
see what they were talking about and
then move along to maybe watching that
video if you have some time possibly
maybe yeah okay
Casey we're on the podcast right now
we're talking about your possum story
what's up oh you're talking about Dex I
just wanted to call and make sure you
aren't recording something somewhere
embellishing stories saying that you so
Casey was crying tears
