I don't a compliment about happiness
here's my reasons to be happy
hey guys but knowledge in your brain
okay we gotta edit him out half the time
yeah Mike I'm walk-in here good morning
morning morning
okay ladies all right we're headed to
school school is cool you guys look cool
but you know it doesn't matter if you
look cool or not because you're going
too slow to learn but knowledge in your
brain okay can we do that today Bob see
knowledge in our brains it's cold today
guys bundle up you know what I realized
was with this age of children I might
know that you're much better than you
were sometimes yes sometimes it's hard
because bundling doesn't really fit with
the fashion trends but you know what
it's okay yeah so he is getting cool so
the good morning might be a friend how
are you sorry would you say good morning
are you eating eggs and toast you lucky
dog you and we did cut up some
watermelon and you are ready yeah silly
we did cut up some watermelon but it's
not very good what I want to want some
juice honey mass produce please please
all right yeah that warden Tom's not
right juicy as it darn it
that's all right all the time we have to
trade off watermelon season for ski
season that's how we work in this house
like okay we don't know watermelon it's
no good but we can ski but then in the
summertime ah we can see I would get to
have watermelon you know it's awesome
it's a good trade-off it's just
Jackson died today the other kids are at
school and then later he's going to go
to a sitter because I'm going to go to a
ski lesson I thought I learned how to
ski if they taught me I know what I'm
doing but there's a few techniques that
I just feel like I'm missing what tell
me you're going where to Sunbeam are you
a sunbeam you're a sunbeam in primary
aren't you yeah do you like going to
church like going to sunbeams
you'll like it it's actually been a
little bit hard of a transition because
in our church place they go from nursery
to sunbeams which means in my free day
what do you turn what bus again sorry
guys we got to edit him out half the
time Dax you're making our editing hard
anyways he's now transitioned from Deena
let's play with toys to now singing
songs in primary he likes it
you can't play quite as much as you used
to mature what yeah I'm stinky you're
stinky let's get a tissue for your notes
how about that that's the response I get
any time I want to breakfast
God knows it mmm hey guys we're hanging
out on the hill together oh yeah make
sure they work her what song you know
it's fun is skiing skiing with Jay cuz
it was really good
and he's fun to watch well listen couple
things we want to talk about Jackson I
was just looking on my phone from the
vlog yesterday when Daxton was playing
the watermelon ukelele they can see I'm
gonna put it on the edit because I can
edit that should be that picture you
guys go back and watch yesterday's vlog
when Jackson was playing that watermelon
ukelele when you let him deal I'm fine
I can't even draw that I went into
immediate John Mayer face did you see
how expresses he got when he was like he
was mimicking probably you know any of
the guitarists he's ever seen plus plus
you guys we're in church the other day
and he was coloring guess which hand he
was using anyways and then he is right
because it's like hey look he's coloring
with his left hand because I'm
left-handed yeah and and so we can't
have a selfish thing to be excited
because like well I was doesn't so I
want him to be like me I recognize that
but human nature is like yeah cool he's
left-handed too anyways and then he like
for about two minutes he was using his
left hand to draw it was like drawn
faces right yeah and then he switched to
his right hand yeah I don't think that
you're forcing into you don't like lying
to you just appreciate it well at one
point I did
10 out of his right hand and put it okay
maybe what the first time I did not like
Colette just because I didn't care like
I he was color I didn't even pay
attention but then klutz like look he's
using his left hand I was like oh he is
so then like I couldn't pay attention in
church anymore cuz I was like watching
him out of my peripheral vision I have
terrific I can track pray a terrific
peripheral vision to rip her if I can
see and so I was like instead of listen
I was like I hope uses like he did
he's going to be an artist guitar player
Renaissance man I bet a Renaissance man
anyways which hit the Mogul step cat yo
I feel like I want to say something so
I'm going to say it and I have a vlog
today so I need a vlog but forget that I
don't know we come on this road I want
to talk for a minute about happiness so
I've been watching some videos on
YouTube lately yeah I watch videos on
YouTube that you do to Katya you're
doing it right now beauty pie Casey nice
tat Ally speed made a video about
happiness bunch of people Philip
DeFranco youtubers my homie I think
they're my homies I like them hi guys
anyways I think we gotta fight for
happiness I think when cutie pie says
that it's not good to be happy all the
time it's a given but I think you should
pick on Roman Atwood I think a lot of
people need to be told to smile more
because there's a lot of people that are
struggling and you never know somebody's
gonna do something I'm not saying that
pewdiepie is being insensitive
chromic my buddy man I don't like that I
don't like computer pie picks on so well
I was like what is zoella do she's like
four foot nine pewds maybe they're
friends and he's just like joking now
you all know who she is so she's got a
bigger audience I don't know anyways
fight for happiness it's not easy
sure I know Holy Church it's hard but if
you just be like it's not reasonable to
try to be happy so what else do you have
to hope for death cool but
what red said hope is a good thing maybe
the best of things and hope brings
happiness and it's not going to be easy
every day you can fight for it you can
go outside you can listen to music you
can clean your room you can open the
window you can exercise I hate exercise
you can do things bring happiness
physiological change not just like a
fake Facebook post do you think that I
have faked it over the years my
happiness is shaycarl really happy I
Betty's not all the time but my
happiness is genuine I may be a little
bit louder and animated for the videos
but because I see this is entertainment
trying to bring a smile to people's
faces here that's a tough thing to do
so there's a lot of people trying to do
it a different way than you might be
trying to do it so I agree don't be fake
I agree that there probably are some
youtubers who fake it but aren't we all
faking it till we make it you know we're
all going through different steps of
life anyways it's a beautiful night and
I just wanted to share this sunset with
you and root you on for the pursuit of
happiness you might as well you know
wrong guys right I don't know that me
now could be tomorrow could be in a
hundred years or maybe you guys know how
I believe the exponential technological
expansion is going to maybe render our
bodies immortal forever through robots
but who knows anyways the point is
strive for happiness strive for hope
you're going to have struggles and
that's why I think we're here ultimately
I think we are here on the earth to have
struggles it is a growth thing I think
there's a purpose why we're here I think
we have evolved but I think there's a
reason we're here and I think that we
are struggling and we are learning that
we are evolving so knowing that knowing
that times are going to be hard and
you're going to feel depressed just
decide to have a smile through it it's
like if I know that I have to walk five
hundred yards through this muddy field I
might as well just smile while I'm doing
it so
so you're going to have hard times
you're going to have flat tires
shouldn't have breakups you're going to
have people do things that are rude to
you steal from you lie to you hurt you
in one way or another you're going to
feel depressed you're going to wake up
some mornings and be like I don't care
what is the purpose why are we doing all
of this it's a tale as old as time
Plato Socrates these people all mankind
has wondered how do I feel happy how do
I find this piece and you got to find it
for yourself and you've got to work
that's one thing that I loved about
Casey nights that's video is it's hard
let's all just admit that let's all just
say okay it's hard to be happy it's
really hard but here's some things we
can do
here's try this right if if you've tried
everything have you tried everything
honestly have you tried everything
because you might be just stuck in a rut
of sadness you might just have
accidentally you know felt depressed one
day and didn't go outside and then two
weeks went by and you've just been in
your room refreshing your timeline and
you just need some good old-fashioned
sunshine you just need to get out and
get something to adrenaline from walking
around outside I promise there are many
of you that that will solve a lot of
your depressed mode if you'll just go
out and see this world and breathe it in
and walk around and take some breaths
and challenge yourself you'll feel alive
and you'll be happy you'll want to live
try it try it if you don't try it slice
your life ain't judging I'm not judging
you do you but that's my two cents it's
my channel I guess that's the point of
this right yep okay look so you have a
limited amount of days the time is
ticking to where your body will not
exist anymore ask yourself what do you
want to do how do you want to feel what
is the choice that you need to make to
have those things happen and I believe
you can choose to be happy
I believe you can choose to fly it every
day to see that silver lining to have
optimism to have hope just because just
because it's harder it's easy to be
pessimistic it's easy to fill down it's
easy to feel depressed there's a lot of
real bad things in this world the higher
road is the harder road and that's
happiness and if you give up on hoping
that you can be happy for not every
second of your life but for a sustained
amount of time then I don't know what
are you doing what's going on why not
I'm not showing my face because I don't
want you to be mad at me just want you
look at this beautiful sunset
okay I love you guys will people be
happy that's all I'm saying anyways I
know it's a struggle I do and like
everybody else said about the mental
health I am NOT an expert but I'm just
saying I'm one of you out here in the
world trying to find happiness and I
believe the more you say that you can
choose it you will find it what you put
out there is what will come back to you
so check try it oh hi I'm vlogging here
oh it's so pretty
look at this mountain look that one guys
look you could ski down there anything
up we can camera with focus that would
make me happy but no way I can yo this
is right where I saw the moose the other
night all I'm saying is that if you
think that it's dumb to think that
happiness is a choice to me that sounds
like you're squashing hope I don't think
you should ever squash hope you should
be realistic I get that but sometimes
the words you say translate into the way
you feel
so believe in better things that come
and that you can be happy even with the
camera that won't focus
I'm just I'm serious you can't unknow it
so clean everyone bye Gracie don't say
that don't say your eyes need to be
positive about yourself so where'd you
say you say I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly
everyday guess what you're gonna be ugly
you said it think about the word you say
they're important but Shay you can't
just say you're good-looking and then be
good-looking because what if you're
doing really ugly well you know maybe
your features are different than others
but I like a thing that Gary Vaynerchuk
said the other day Gary Vaynerchuk said
some people just don't believe in magic
some people just don't believe that if
you are just positive and you say
positive things and you work towards
being happy all of a sudden that becomes
your habit that becomes your natural
homeostasis and then you're just happy
but you got to watch for those trenches
those patterns of doubt and depression
but if you work every day if you choose
to not squash the hope that you can be
happier every day
then you're going to start really
actually feeling happier I promise try
it oh here's my reasons to be happy
hi guys Lena did hey did you say hey
babe sama nomina dudududu a marble party
oh hey another reason to be happy
takeout Chinese food so how was your day
good with a jack in the crack go buy
this
I'll make sure it's not poisoned
thank you you're you're a awesome
daughter I love you moobot such a good
person for sharing oh that was good I
love you Jackson did you have a good day
today
hey you were playing my watermelon
ukulele the other day and you were
rocking dude you're good ukulele player
for this Nina he was jamming out with
the ukulele it was good beginner face
hey is this your old MacBook Air was
that cut that's your old one we need to
show the stack of all the laptops we've
used over the last decade how many do we
have maybe six or seven or eight yeah we
have a lot in our first one yep the one
that we started all the YouTube channels
on a Dell not Adele mic hello from the
other side no as a Dell laptop yeah I
mean you're cracking me up he's got a
very special sense of humor no it's
funny
she's funny all right
good job rotten that is very good dude
yeah he's so good your sisters been
working with you I'm happy them all I do
everything to be good so cute he's so
cool dude can use me you can have this
look like I don't know hey it's getting
late guys
good wine is like oh okay what'd you do
to really work I don't think she works I
mean easy okay Jake cheerleading with
dogs
Oh careful Hey oh my god they weren't
they're not as close to the fire boy
doesn't look back as head off no no no
no they're not as close as it looks
promise - clean with real head of the
marble fireplace you were doing
cheerleading it was a nightmare
this is like air I can't go to
your rock star man no kids and I can't
go looking like background is our office
okay
can we say a prayer it's bedtime let's
go to bed come on okay
