storing the old woman nemesis plagued
part of the feeble old mountain leg like
this thing loves to cook back and a warm
wool blanket here is it all right
there's the club the lens no it's broken
your face is broken
going over love it you got one at your
six o'clock right on your six you spiral
you know when I'm an old man I hope to
look as cool as you or do you get you're
like a tire out Oh believe this guy
would you guys plan this same outfit day
same shirt day sellout good will Derek's
me mad at you how about tricks and nut
contracts and not contracts and not gum
show my shirt show my shirt yeah you've
got the pizza I have my camping Pizza
John glow-in-the-dark shirt off yeah
before tonight when we play look at the
Stars and then you guys be like a look
at my pizza John shirt I'm gonna go take
the photos to my uncle but he's gonna
put in a slideshow to remember this
family reunion by Oh fabulous look - hey
uncle's
okay so you guys see this waterfall
right here right above it in this lake
that is where we were swimming the other
day yeah he is in the Yosemite
Falls no stay with me wow this is
amazing
all right five years guy has been
oculars we got Claire no I come be not
close okay
okay check oh here comes grandma
spider-man Peter sorry grandma
you want me to film this is a camera you
never seen one of these before you've
been living in the woods all these years
old lady into the bridge come look at
this camera or anything about this thing
hey where's the hole right there the
club the lens no it's broken your face
is broken no come on you cranky old
woman let's go look at the sunset let's
go bravo Bravo quite the scene from
Emmylou 'this starring the old woman
storing the old woman f is plagued part
of the feeble old mountain lady who has
a stick a crooked back and a warm wool
blanket Peter John Bogle of it you got
one of your six o'clock it's right on
your six other six
Arius kidding kidding I got him
that's why tell me I see that black tail
can catch him you spider we're seeing
deer we're seeing old Hobbit ladies or
seeing beautiful mountains this is quite
the evening oh my goodness you guys I
think we're in for quite the tree oh man
El Capitan it's gonna be golden tonight
a Glacier Point
alright are you you watch our videos
what did you say you're gonna do on the
way home
what are you gonna do he's asking what
do you got do on the way home hey what
are you gonna do oh you know watches
Shaytards vlog good girl
you guys are all right good to meet you
guys yeah it's good to meet you man good
to meet you guys you know just we can
talk about you want to try autograph yes
I got a pen
all right on it my name I know how to do
that okay he is ready to experience this
that's steep down there here we go I am
I'm gonna throw it over you guys gonna
go over three two
well yeah
all right down there so I'm that rock
yeah you guys do dares to go stand nope
on the end not do it do it there you go
I'm not doing it you can't it's a good
rule stand on the edge of this rock hand
stand on the very edge oh my gosh right
there
hang on it
you
you
okay grace go
and those were the epic couple days that
we spent in Yosemite National Park let
me just say this now obviously you guys
saw the footage they saw the scenery the
cliffs the rivers the mountains the
trees the sunsets the beautiful smiling
faces as they witness such beautiful
scenery ontological design at its best I
recommend to you go to there that place
and see it um yeah Yosemite I've always
grown up hearing about it
yeah Yosemite National Park I don't know
what it's a place you go there's
mountains it's fantastic it's
breathtaking um a lot of you did
comments nicely saying that I did do a
good job at doing it justice but you
just don't really grasp the full measure
of it unless you're there and you see
the grandeur and you feel how small and
you look at that mountain it's just
gorgeous it was a nice few days to get
away still did some work edited some of
these vlogs but I was away from emails
and definitely away from phone calls so
we're headed back tomorrow ready back to
Idaho back to regular vlogs we're out of
Yosemite camping is over hope you guys
enjoyed them please thumbs them up we
appreciate when you travel along with
these vlogs with us leave us nice
comments and we hope that you feel like
you're on vacation with us like you got
to travel to Yosemite like you got a
little bit of what it feels like to
stand in front of that beautiful Vista
and get a text message dang it I thought
I was out of service
good timing text message okay love you
guys
I gotta go we will see you soon give me
kiss back
