hi I'm logging here riding up the PCH
it's so great it's so grand I love it
all the slant it's really nice whoa yeah
seen that car ride this spot right now
I'm very first journalism late this is
the ride I would go on when I'm very
very first sharted riding my bike can
barely go five miles it was like killer
to get five miles in but then I could
work and work and work and tie got to
this point which is the very end of what
they called a strand or the bike path
right here in Santa Monica and it was a
20 mile ride from our old house where we
used to live at this spot right here was
a 20 mile ride for me and I was so proud
that I made it to the very very end of
the bike path basically it comes right
here and you can't go any farther unless
you get on the PCH and actually go up
that way so this is the end of what they
call the strand or the I don't like all
bike path boardwalk anyways the reason I
was so excited to come to the very end
of this is because when I very first
started I would go up as far as I could
and then I would just get exhausted and
I would turn around head back and I
always thought as I was on those rides I
thought man I wonder where this bike
path goes to cuz it seemed like it never
ended I would go and go and go and like
every day I would try to get farther and
farther and farther and you know
eventually I just get so tired I got to
turn around so I always wondered I'm
like I wonder how far this thing goes up
in my mind like went all the way to
Canada I was like I bet you this bike
path goes all the way up to Alaska maybe
so the day that I finally got to the
very end of it I was like so this is it
the end of the bike path and it was a 20
mile bike ride and that was huge for me
now being at 282 pounds
being able to go oh there's a sea lion
out there in the ocean being able to go
20 miles was like I just rode my bike 20
miles and I had started to lose weight
so then I kept coming up here that was
like my ride I was like I'm gonna make
it to the end of the boardwalk at least
three times a week so I'd go on these 20
mile bike rides and after I'd lost like
maybe 40 pounds and I you know kept
coming on these rides I was like it's
working it's like actually working I'm
losing way and I was thinking about what
I could save for a Shea laughs video and
I was like it's all about just not
quitting and you know keep going on
these bike rides and working hard and
not let anybody discourage you and then
my mind I was like Shay those are all
cliches people are gonna comment and be
like oh those are just all cliches Shay
and I thought wow that's what has made
me lose this weight all those cliches is
what has helped me get to where I am and
I'm like those are the secrets those are
the secrets to life the cliches the
things that everybody thinks are the
dumb things they're like whatever you
know don't listen to those those are
actually like the things that are right
out in front of you that really do make
a difference and so that's right here
this very spot in America in California
I was right around here somewhere
checking out the ocean that's where I
very very first said to myself the
secrets to life are hidden behind the
word cliche and that's kind of like a I
know what you'd call it because they're
not hidden cliches are so out front and
so obvious that that's why that quote is
kind of like caching because cliches
aren't the Seawind cliches are cliches
because they're so overstated that
people start to not listen to them
people start to be like oh whatever but
those are actually the secrets and
that's why they become not secrets
because people are like well they're so
obvious it's such the obvious answer so
this is a very special spot to me I
haven't been up here for a long time
usually I only go on my bike rides
because I now I bike like 30 or 40 miles
I go the other way is the other way you
can go farther and go down to Redondo
Beach
I've been up here in a while you know
what I do once I get up to this spot
this is my very end and I turn around
and I come back I put on usually some
Coldplay or one of my favorite songs and
this parking lot is usually just wide
open and I'll just stare at the ocean
it's kind of smoggy today usually it's
clear and you can just see all the way
down the coast and I'll go like this
alright and I'll be listening to my
Coldplay and I can I can bike with no
hands see whoa I gotta get going little
bit faster but what I'll do is I'll
pretend that I'm flying and I'll hold my
arms out like this now just look up and
I like try not to look at my bike notes
with my head up just look at the ocean
sniffing the air and I'll hold my arms
up row pretend that I'm flying
awesome just joking
it's beautiful day feels good to be out
and get a few miles in all right you
guys ready I want you to fly with me for
a second ready here we go pretend that
we're flying
well you might scrape your knees when
you learn to write fight probably fall
once twice maybe when you learn when you
fight leemarie kids are making fun when
you wanna ride bike training wheel
stuffs books mm jokes as this month he
was not fun was not refreshing Oh was
for me ken-san contest oh snap I feel
pretty
don't look at my white legs
that's pretty good
that's farther than I thought I could go
actually where are we going what we
doing
I don't to pick up the trick girls dude
act a little bit more excited well
you're gonna be excited when I have this
to tell you you were ready
singsong singsong Billy lolly ding-dong
Bing bong Bing bong - uh bye Lou
you know I'm saying bro yes you
understand what I'm trying to say no I
don't do it if you just listen for two
seconds
it's like sings on Bing bong you're my
son son sing song sing songs I don't
know if you two get it now
no I don't throw maybe you need to put
it in a different way is that what it is
okay linglong la la la la linglong la ha
ha I love you sings on bing bong let it
get it right you understand what I'm
saying yeah are you picking up what I'm
laying down dude yeah I just need you to
understand that okay okay long as you
get it then I can go on with my life but
really it's important that using song
sings on lotta loving bonding long link
said um are you laughing cuz you're
embarrassed are you laughing cause I'm
hilarious yes
mission accomplished sings on Bing bong
Suns on a linglong linglong linglong a
hell of you at all I'm trying to get
across to you okay as long as you
understand that then we're cool okay
yeah that sounds good hey should we tell
baby turn we tell her what we're talking
about the truck oh okay sure tell her
all right I'll tell her - let me tell
you okay
something that's very important right I
want you to understand this
bingo bingo bingo bingo moving on I love
you
Hong Kong Hong narrator reading nothing
but let it heart I love you just let me
know I just need to know me and sleep
are we talking about at the car we just
want to let you know that soon you
understand what I'm saying if you don't
I can take again Bing bong Bing bong a
lot of loving Gong Bing bong Bing bong
alright Bing bong Bing stop it
green sauce delicious the sauce tower
has been assembled what do you think
baby tone would you like to climb to the
OH adding a little beverage on the top
of the sauce tower nice sauce tower has
been completed with the flag of the
sprite that's a buddy you want to get a
picture of our sauce tower sure and just
like 499 a piece each picture each
picture came to Taipei - huh she's
accepting all donations to her college
education fund there you go I love it
what is that that's an is that a phone
yeah looks like a mini iPad thing's huge
grabbing a little deliciousness at this
place Rubio's it's fresh Mexican Grill
it's pretty good I like it like you
think like some places like Bates are
like oh that's like faux fresh Mexican
but really is like the tacos the chicken
tacos we get there muy delicioso but you
can't forget what oh sorry
Oh what did you make now oh oh there's
our 1800 tacos already no thank you
last and definitely not least you need a
handful villain that's gonna do this
don't tell anybody not only buddy don't
tell anybody oh I gotta pick that up
oh I'm gonna take a few of these just
kidding I gotta have limes on your tacos
I'm sorry good job not even joking you
just mr. Walker just let's go to the
head right there it is stuck you know
why and the funniest thing to me
Catherine's message centered says okay
we're starting in 3 2 1 go and Roger
shot is stuck right - Roger c'mere
where'd you go he wouldn't celebrate
buddies that that was one
you had to have in there move if there
is time good job what don't hit the baby
- head shot
so you can tell Shay's the one that got
the gun for birthday present
Roger that was the best shot ever dude
good job dude
step right up the judge in your brother
I need some more dogs fill me up fill me
up fill me up hurry fill up with darts
hurry hurry hurry
the end though artilleries coming hurry
fill it up with darts good job ok thanks
guys
there's done here's the darts game fills
more ducks he loaded take the truck
doing this shoot at rock card say can I
shoot it yeah I like that that's a good
thing they are collecting all the girls
12 me inside hard to shoot each other
come here you got to reload it you got a
 at bro chill men don't get mad get
cool okay okay
see the door whoa nice shot already
shoots a mirror shoot it okay just like
Daddy right there shoot the mirror oh
you missed it whoo you caught the forum
son tard you keep shooting the table oh
you missed it you gotta get it to stick
you gotta going to stick ready aim ah
- hi bro
watch son tard - hi
each dude you're missin there you go
just like that just like when you hit
centaur right between the eyes you got a
stick one good Center that's what we
should do we should fill that gun up we
should get back like 10 feet and see you
can stick the most to the mirror that's
what we'll do that's a good contest okay
son tard how many hit one two three four
five miss missed out okay 5 out of 12
daddy's turn
okay here we go my turn all right take
it better than five o'clock one three
four pretty good oh five that's five six
seven eight
enough I beat ya that's a tight grouping
eight out of 12 not too shabby for a
nerf amateur so rock hard has for the
last 20 minutes been running over to the
little bucket of bullets that we have on
the table running back over here loading
up the gun and shooting the Los Angeles
Clippers you might be able to see that
there are darts all over the TV and we
have a new family of darts
that's Darlena Donald and Drake the
darts
there's chillin up there they missed
their cousin Johnny he's back in Idaho
but these guys are holding down the fort
for Donnie here in the LOS angeles-based
dart district odile darts or anything
shot Rock dart is shut the TV multiple
times look at all those things ready
nice shot that was a good one Cammy
loaded again for you it's the only lame
part is not just sit here and reload
this dang gun every two seconds here he
goes
hit the TV nice shot how's a good one
dude what you're staring at this man
eating that large cheeseburger oh that
looks delicious say here we go oh yeah
here we go okay see - nice shot you're
getting good at that man yeah
can we reload it for you yeah say reload
it please say daddy reload the gun say I
want to shoot it dad I shake it alright
last one dude oh nice shot how's a nice
shot bro goodnight my love goodnight oh
my love say that again oh that was good
it's from it it's from The Music Man
sing it dawg goodnight my someone
goodnight my love huh
the stars I get remember the words the
stars are shining for you above yeah I'm
in love with you uh-huh
I'll learn it and then I'll sing it to
you better hey man sister
what are you having some tea some
camomile tea what is this yeah tell me
all herbal tea with some bitter born in
it
chamomile herbal tea I slap you in the
forehead with this ah you young lady are
supposed to be in B Edie you doing your
homework me and Princess started going
over last-minute homework okay love you
did you change them rate let's see we
are working on present tense verbs the
cartoon shows kids on skateboards
excellent you win
good job let's see what else though one
skateboarder goes so fast it's not geo
apostrophe s yo what are you doing
stomach pain pay attention to your
homework he spelled goes wrong it's goe
s Oh dumb second graders don't even know
nothing see you tomorrow love you bye so
that's why we don't really need Brett as
a producer as much anymore because I'm
going to be focusing on the vlogs and
what you're doing is really cool because
that's going to be a whole new what's
called an
here at maker studios and owned and
operated channel that we are going to
produce and it's going to kind of be
like you know Nickelodeon on YouTube
yeah it was the last time I have being
your producer there's more time for
friendship see yeah I don't know
