hi I'm login here check it again you're
the best pop star in the whole world
good job can you try jumping like this
with one foot try like this is it one
foot point one hi have a good school
love you doing hopscotch okay man I got
this damn I'm so cool you're gonna be
the hopscotch
that's tricky to say the hopscotch
hopscotch hopscotch champion hot stars
champion all right crazy boy let's go
let's go to the store yay they dude
everything can't be yours
what is that my what's the other thing
that's yours let's see what's it he goes
why mater everything just because it has
cars and it doesn't mean it's yours
looks like we're buying band-aids and
colors oh is that yours - I don't think
so
is it spongebob huh shy grunge Bob
so we're just out shopping getting a few
things for we have a shoot today and
then what else if I get o scouts we're
making Christmas pants tonight for to
take to a nursing home to give to people
at nursing home so that's what we're
gonna do it plus we're gonna go caroling
three nursing home next week I think
that's gonna be so fun for the boys so
we're getting stuff getting stickers and
stuff to make cards Christmas cards and
rock card is getting all the cars
paraphernalia you can find looks like
that bad okay thank you
hold my Batman hey we're just shopping
reduce
now whoa dude what are you doing that a
dancer a ninja move I love you I love
you where are they again oh did you hide
them but this is too empty goes where my
car mom where my car you hid them yeah
there they are there's a pickle heart
okay come on let's go get milk this is
like your dad you find entertainment in
the grocery store in the toilet paper
aisle I had ever no come on crazy let's
go let's go look what I found I found a
big monkey look look at the monkeys
because you you're gonna give it a hug
to give the monkey kisses Oh monkey
kisses Oh got distracted here's another
cool toy we are in the wrong section for
not getting distracted we're actually
looking for a present for the girls I'm
not gonna show you them because they
might see this video there's something
that is on my mind that maybe they've
mentioned to me I don't know what not
like the other are you trying to get
stolen
somebody's gonna snatch you up and think
you're just another item is for purchase
cuz you're super adorable okay let's go
you ready nope I'm gonna lay on this
couch see you later dude
night-night so wonder how long it would
take him come on
thank you for helping you're such a good
helper row it on there almond milk
can you do this one this is big oh it's
big
oh good job high five what a good helper
you are hey Bongo drunk baby what are
you doing
watermelon drummer watermelon drummer I
like it
place the song you sing with it yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah we will we will I
love you isn't it awesome that we live
in California we can still eat
watermelon oh now we got a bang on the
water little water drum water gum giving
the water a hug oh I love water to water
and watermelon look you fit right in
with the watermelons we just got to
paint you green your little watermelon
man looks person ah so baby tart and I
went shopping this morning baby tarde
she's not at school what
why okay I want I'm not coming in she
said she had a fever last night and she
woke up but her fever was gone and she's
like mom my neck hurt back hard what's
your favorite movie
that one the one you're watching huh
it's always your favorite whatever when
you're watching and your sippy cup - I
want to be a kid again I decided because
kids are so happy I mean I know K
granted they can whine a lot and they
can have complaining moments all day
long but they're happy like genuinely
they're just happy to be like at home
with their toys and they're playing or
you know just they're just happy all the
time a little rock card he's just
watching his movie and he's got a sippy
cup and he's in seventh heaven he's
loving it I think it's so adorable I'm
having one of those days where I'm just
like oh my gosh
I woke up and I have a stomach ache and
I've got like 17 loads of laundry to do
and that's not even exaggeration
sometimes I exaggerate that's not an
exaggeration 17 loads of laundry to do
and just a lot going on so I'm choosing
just like sure I said earlier I put my
feet on the ground in the morning and
say today is gonna be great day
even if my face looks like this and I
don't want makeup on don't look at me
I'm hideous
ha anywho CIL's so today is going to be
a great day and it doesn't matter if I
had makeup on or not it's gonna be a
great day and these loads of laundry
though there are seventeen of them
they're gonna get done and it's gonna be
awesome
where that's the first two loads got a
fold lock and load and fold that's what
I'm gonna do and if you're wondering if
you're wondering why you're getting this
footage right now it's cuz we didn't
have enough footage from yesterday I
can't lie I can't lie
we didn't have enough fun from yesterday
so I'm getting some this morning so
you'll get lots of fun footage later
what should play say push trip push push
play mom please push play please mom
that's not a tongue twister at all how
about say fish you say fish okay pushing
fish are about the same word but
also if you're wondering where baby tart
is she's
at school now she had a fever I thought
she had a fever I felt like she had a
fever last night she seemed okay but she
was really really hot so I kept her home
this morning but then she woke up and
she's just been bouncing all around and
she what what just random bursts of
mommy I do need me
oh honey Singles I love anyways so she's
back at school and she's fine and I
think maybe I'm just sick that's why I
kept her home rooms at home like I don't
want to take you to school you're sick o
Keeffe um alright let's watch a movie
and fold laundry 17 loads here we go so
from our shoot last night the tree sort
of got a little a little crazy a little
crazy so these things are just kind of
falling off of it and there's all the
bulbs so should i redecorate the tree or
should I just put it away since we're
gonna go to Idaho anyway that's the
debate like I could redecorate it make
it look pretty or I could just take it
down because we're gonna go to Idaho in
like a week you want to decorate the
tree rock hard no I said we already did
that three times mom yeah that's kind of
what I'm thinking - maybe the girls will
want to decorate it later do you guys
want to decorate our tree yeah I wanna
come over and decorate well it
definitely needs it one sorry tree hey I
thought I should tell you guys the
reason that we didn't have very much
further further further comforter you
know I don't need a footer partner the
reason we didn't have very much footage
is because we were filming a music video
which we said was gonna go up this
Saturday but it's actually not gonna go
up until next Saturday I was wrong
Saturday December 15th I believe so it's
gonna be awesome but we didn't want to
give like you know too much of it away
so we didn't really film much of that
event stay tuned for that music video
coming out alright had you were rock
Todd haha tire
itard or car our July car tardes
so ty okay car park sitar guys anyways
rock hard was in it baby turd Prasad
said her they were all in it and it was
fun and we just heard the Christmas tree
a little bit mm-hmm that's all I'm gonna
tell you that's it that's all one tell
you and um I think that's all I had to
say you guys so I just realized that
this vlog is pretty much just me and
rock hard rock hard how do you feel the
star in your very own vlog you're
embarrassing me so you get a lot of our
faces do you like our faces rock charred
are you gonna help me fold laundry no
nappy
lightning mcqueen but you can fold mommy
while you watch lightning mcqueen will
you help me pack laundry will you help
me fold laundry dude hmm say yes mom yes
mommy are you gonna steal my phone rock
hard hey we'll find technologies
overtaking your brain look to me child
no good to be a child I coulda put the
critical ah
alright well see you guys tomorrow well
well well looks like we should just
start calling this channel the mommy
tart and rocked our Channel
they think I can just take up all the
time what are they if were they thinking
Rock dad oh my gosh but he's like he
just wants to be he thinks he's cute but
he's really not hungry he looks he's
like oh my gosh
son tard you didn't get any coverage in
today's of water you pee ode yep he'll
what how can they think that they could
take the spotlight like I'm the
spotlight like yeah so you're saying
you're the spotlight and they shouldn't
be in the spotlight because you're the
real star of the family baby tard what
do you think hey I'm not
funny uh well rock hard and mommy tied
her at home or I'm just picking the kids
up from school and we're P owed and you
know what pH stands for it stands for Oh
professionally obliterated or something
what does P Oates stand for uh what is
that for oh my gosh Asher what do you
mean yeah what is that for piss off Oh
son tard
watch your legs that is it you're
getting a spanking ugh man
