okay so what we're doing right now is
shopping for size 18 shoes those things
are gigantic anyways we are looking for
Christmas sweaters funny Christmas
sweaters for our jingle bells parody
song tomorrow
why hasn't some young industrious young
entrepreneur got together with some
other young industrious entrepreneur and
made a Christmas sweater shop this years
okay we're going for hideous hideous I
like that one I like that one yeah
that's like old fashioned Christmas
sweaters I like that I was just saying
how come somebody hasn't actually opened
a bad Christmas sweater store is there
something about you there's something
online look at g4tv
that's an old Internet show that I think
went out of business anyways let me know
I'm sure there's something online
there's got to be bad Christmas sweaters
calm or something but we're trying to
find one in LA is there a shop in LA
okay hold this what do you think about
this one
I like that one I like that the thing
like this isn't literally bad but like
we could put some stuff on it in the
video you have to see my tie we'll see
right so this is like a vest so I'll be
able to see the tie I mean yeah that's a
good idea
so you can see this tie and just wear it
with like a a white or a green shirt why
do you mr. Rogers right now welcome kids
jingle bells oh won't you be my neighbor
yeah I should find a really like hideous
green shirt yeah but our button up reg
yeah okay we'll see what he'll find this
what I'm about to do is a felony in the
state of Utah
mostly because seagulls are the stapler
but not in California that was part of
the excitement of it he totally scared
those seagulls all right so we are going
shopping for some tired 9th birthday we
have school school ooh small screws with
us so we're not sontar this is two weeks
is this old footage thanks Denise for
saving it the whole time it's flipping
it in today and then of course with us
we have sleeping Duty huh he's a dude
but it's like sleeping beauty so he's
sleeping duty not like poop duty like to
princess Beauty but he's a dude duty
that's the kind of duty I'm referring to
please purchase lips just be one sweet
pistol of princess and then he will come
to life we'll go it at Toys R Us we're
gonna find him a cool toy imma see what
kind of nerf guns I got me and Sons
heart we're watching a ad on the TV the
other day I've got this nerf gun it shut
up to 70 feet and me and son driver both
like whoa that's a long way so let me
see if they have lost her
you guys were here to shop for a
nine-year-old boy okay not a dead man
what's with his neck he looks more like
by the breaking dongdong prettiest dress
I was just about to say I'm excited that
we're shopping for son tart oh my gosh
because we got to get toys that are like
cool you know like toys that I am
excited about like swords and guns and
stuff elite fires up to 75 feet that's a
long ways we are gonna hurt a lot of
little sisters with this gun ladies a
lot of moms we're gonna get poked in the
eye with this gun what is I want bigger
and better why is it bigger does it have
more rampage that they all shoot 75 feet
actually I think that holds like 500
Nerf darts semi-auto to that yeah we
should get that one dude this is sweet
nerf is gonna have a nuclear bomb one of
these days at dot sisters and that's a
good idea Cecily that's the smartest
thing you've ever said give me that one
all right so you guys always thought the
magic tricks will never in Vail well
that's unless you buy them from Toys R
Us I think some tire don't like these
he's really an Imagine clearly because
he likes to deceive his parents it's
pretty cool though look twist your arm
360 degrees that would be cool some
rings I remember these little hook card
through pencil through a card
instructional DVD that way he can watch
it and learn we'll all have to go out of
the room while he watches that and then
he can watch and then he can do a
performance for us what do you think
it's like you're gonna get into it and
he's gonna damn it disappear you know
how to fit into this box Cecily that was
just a dumb comment that would be cool
maybe we'll do a magic video with Sun
turn he could like do his whole routine
for you guys after he perfects all of
his tricks
we've no I've heard about it is it
amazing I heard it's like Cartman didn't
you not allowed to go unless a magician
invites see that's what I've heard and
then and then you have to dress fancy
you're not allowed to come in unless you
dress we got invited one time who is
Danny the gradual reporter we were gonna
go but we didn't go for some reason take
a look have you then we've been yeah and
it's like it's a really old building and
it has like all these secret passageways
that sounds magical all right what else
we got a nerf gun a magic set and some
yo-yos
is that good forgive anything else magic
8-ball yeah that's classic let's asking
a question and see if it works
what's your question we'll Cecily find a
man to marry that seemed like a pet
peeve of magic ball you sure you don't
shake it makes bubbles when you shake it
you just have to roll it okay what's
your question Cecily that could be my
question okay well Cecily ever find a
man to make her babies when they say
cancer immediately
there's my birthday boy what's up nine
year old dude how many cards you get
because of my birthday if it's your
birthday he gives you like that much so
he gave me you got Luke Walton
whoa his dad you did man hopefully you
can make some big-time cash how you like
your new skateboard dude that thing
really pops oh right did you write it
today yes did you or did you write it to
around on school grounds well that's
smooth
smooth right on the blacktop asphalt
yeah that's sweet
thanks a pop doesn't it skateboarding
you're not allowed in my breaking the
rules right now come push me bro it's
pretty good workout for you give me push
yeah
just breezing out in the evening sky I'm
a Sun skateboard here comes here comes
mush mush next round giddy up giddy up
giddy up it's grand just holding your
huh did you have a good birthday yes
every wish you happy birthday me five
what's that sick are you a sticker
listen on mmm says you shine alright
let's see you ride your board let's see
those moves
nice shoes yeah that's determination
I'll give you a push now you're gettin
get at that
there he goes my nine-year-old son just
like Tony Hawk got a space shoes and his
bright orange board
I feel like he'll always remember those
like those are very specific like that
skateboard is bright orange and those
shoes are like bright silver you don't I
mean when he grows up when he's like 19
years old he'll remember I remember
having those like silver shoes and that
bright orange skateboard
I remember specific times like that in
my life my 13th birthday good example I
got the Eric Clapton unplug CD I got a
big jar of those uh JA what were they Oh
crybaby gum remember you need that
crybaby gum and it was like so sour but
then it was good and I got a giant Karl
Malone poster so everyday when I was 13
years old I'd come home from school eat
cry-baby gum listen to Eric Clapton
unplug and stare at Karl Malone poster
on my roof and I have that like really
vivid memory in my mind about that time
of my life where I had those like three
specific things that I got for my
birthday
organic dry cleaning organic chemical I
want my chemicals to be nothing but
organic listen businesses just because
you put organic in front of whatever
service you provide organic adultery
what organic striptease yeah that's
always organic organic gasoline yeah
right our oil changes are organic 100%
raw that's funny
Los Angeles is silly head
today we can't continue
sorry dude I hid in the back
I don't know just bear with me okay cuz
I've had them for reading in order to
pick up oh yes I have a picture you plug
your ears and then you drink water
breathing in five times waiting outside
talk your way way way way way I will the
same time like plug your ears for you
while you're drinking the water and then
breathe in and out
yo yo this is what I like the gymnastics
a success
city sidewalks busy sidewalks dressed in
holiday style in the air there's a
feeling of your birthday happy birthday
buddy
we are here at the warehouse waiting for
everybody else to show up there's a tree
look at that Christmas tree they filmed
Meet the Fockers in this restaurant you
recognize these chairs me and sundered
walked over here and mommy hired him to
pick up the girls from gymnastics
all right baby turn put your tape on
princess are you still at gymnastics and
we're wrapping quickly the presents that
we got for our son and you're not
Sheila's just shunt I remember after oh
he'll open it
he'll open him before this even goes up
so you guys have already seen what it is
yeah it starts me over there fast and
furiously we've got a reservation of 15
minutes we're hoping that dad and send
her to already are there because I think
they went we sat in the hot tub for his
birthday okay we'll get all the little
things rocks - Oh mr. nine-year-old
thinks he gets to order a lobster for
his birthday huh what'd you say
what were you Catholic now she just
she's crossing her heart how do you do
that what sit down buddy this is how you
cross your heart hey come sit down eat
your food little boy Yeah right dad like
I'm ever gonna listen to her alright so
son tartar tonight we told me to get
whatever he wants the course he ordered
the most expensive thing on the map that
meat off there's a small little animal
that had to give his life this is a good
for future
you got to work to get that up uncle
Casey I'll teach you how he's
professional and easy that I guess it's
because I get 50% of it that's a rule
when teacher 9 you have to share half
the middle of the guy sitting to the
left of you yeah that's a new rule
that's no the rule okay just for my gun
what gun clip okay give him the next one
give a present okay son heard me and you
saw this on TV we saw this on TV and
called the what's a called the retaliate
er or on your mom's eye above yeah I did
that's the retaliated of 75 feet that's
across the entire apartment right into
your mom's face already yeah
those are really good we'll show you how
I want you to practice all those and
then do a magic show for these guys okay
that'd be cool there's like 150
different cool tricks and then we need
to practice all these and then join us
circus and you get us free tickets to
the circus I would love to go to the
circus was it say it says cannot predict
now oh dang it
what exactly means it doesn't know right
now we have to ask it again later ask it
another question ask her the question
you were asking it earlier about JB
brushing your teeth was it's a very
very doubtful means no no it means baby
so you're telling me there's a chance
Oh
angel boys says Oh
diva
Oh
when Christ was born
