it's nice use this intro again it's one
of my favorites of all time what's your
YouTube username KitKat productions axe
did you upload it on your channel yeah
okay
Denise go use that intro KitKat
productions X one of my favorite intros
they just told us they use it and it
took a long time to do it so you use it
rokay things you are not watching the
sheet or fuck just sit back relax follow
along to the thing she says to the
things he just refers cool family and
just because it's our PDF NP ready for a
video so lettuce because he's bragging
okay you guys we're getting ready to go
to power surge to the Meetup I'm super
excited but I find myself ducking in the
parking garage it's getting smaller I
swear we drove all the way up to the top
really she always does like as it looks
like the beams of the spent hours we're
gonna hit the truck well I got on cuz
she thinks oh I swear how totally done
perfecting your nose nose let's go all
right let's go see everybody here
rock-trac go get those balloons go get
em go get the balloons are you playing a
game already go get him go get him go
get the balloons oh yeah dude take that
balloon okay we're here at the pop-up
shop and so all these people what's
going on Loggins Loggins nicepeter in
the background rocking the song and
awesome rock artists are just attacking
his blues he hates the balloons will
they do to you dude get him the heavy
rock guard tackle of balloons
okay get up we just let him do whatever
the heck he was centaurs playing Mario
Kart check this out there like right in
the walls
we didn't do that fun you having a blast
David tard excited you look at room okay
what's your name Rachel okay Rachel's
been doing gyms and she was five and she
watches princest are doing gym in the
vlogs and she said she wears the same
outfit Kate watch me to show you a trick
don't hurt yourself
ready hi guys
Wow nice that good just because of
Princess you did oh cool she's a gymnast
and she said she's been watching princes
turn dude gym she's encouraging her to
keep it up and that she's getting a lot
better
cosign her shirt for my Letterman's
jacket when I was in junior high look
just like that I had like the leather
sleeves on the arms get some style bro
hey you guys we're here with Jasmin and
Kim and we just found out as Minh has
the same birthday as I do
bounce it out Will's birthday every Oh
and 64 other days of the year that were
bordered stupid wait a second I'll
translate into totally ruined your shirt
looks like I'm buying it Rach time
signature good job bro
thank you so hot who's your favorite
food kiss and say got up what does the
UT call that a Collin a cylinder of
balls no under a balls just for me I
need to mommy oh no oh you're the
addiction know you've washed it on okay
state your name and business
I am Jolie and I are going to sing a
bridge to start I got my socks on I got
my socks on I got my argyle socks oh she
went back to put him on whoa you're
gonna be dizzy socks princess eggs were
the socks gonna be dancing all day long
now you tired
we're calling you DeeDee we're calling
his sister cause in Louisiana can he
lied to her and told her that she could
have come to the vegan grave but now I'm
calling her and she's not gonna pick up
she's gonna be now to you from coming
here what's a sweet voice whoa never
really sweet my it's been forwarded to
an automated
Oh anywhere are you
DeeDee I'm gonna leave you a dirty
message there anymore here comes I'm
gonna cuss lots of customer
to talk to you but we love you wish you
were here some patience revenue we have
a new part of the plan yeah we're
parents over there she just hanging all
this posing for pictures she's like
alright tell state your name and
business
my name is Chelsea Ellington check out
my blog for Ellington we just started
check them out she only has two videos
but I told her that by the end of the
month she better have ten videos where
she's fired from YouTube I will
literally call YouTube and have them
fire her from YouTube which I don't even
know if that's a thing but I'll make it
happen so go subscribe Bella to
Ellington plunked in the Ellington's
blog put a link below Denise tell Denise
to put a link below yeah I told her
husband that all you have to do in this
life is just marry a hot chick and you
basically got everything else figured
out up top that's right we did it
Ryan bro thank you for this bowl I was
just asking them is this a bowl that you
like you should set on the shelf or can
I make a Caesar salad in this but check
this out this guy her friend what kind
of friends friends we what kind of
friend Ryan alright sure you wanted to
give me a bowl I see
so what are you gonna propose now this
is good
anyways aqua Ryan I'm sorry I'm trying
to hook you up bro
anyways he made us this bolus his
happiness is a choice and it is all
handmade he's from Wisconsin and it
smells like cheese anyways Thank You
Ryan that is really cool we will
definitely put fruit in that or maybe
your service I'm sure a baby will sit in
that one day that is her sister Rosa
very sister only one dude in Wisconsin
knows what I'm talking about right now
anyways this is all my fault don't piss
your sister off for me whoa I just
really like the bowl okay okay okay I
give up we couldn't leave the gathering
without 800 balloons hmm jab me with the
wrong kick him in the shins
daddy daddy dad he's in a balloon friend
II can't help it
we had fun at the gathering thanks for
everybody who came out it was a lot of
fun waited in line for like three hours
there was way more people than I
expected and somebody left us the note
we let the Shaytards thank you for today
I love the people from the parking lot
oh it's cool thanks for saying hi to us
and stalking our vehicle cool
more balloons in this side of the truck
do you have fun yeah let me see your
hands let's see the marker give marker
not too bad actually how many things you
think you sign one thousand five
thousand that's a lot we'll try baby
guard signed some balloons you have fun
if you sign with more than that there's
probably like I don't know 200 300
people there
I don't know I'm always a bad judge of
that Roger had a good time truck full of
balloons happy family now it's time to
go get some dinner
cuz daddy is home Greg
got some sour faces going on over here
what's going on smile at me bite it
they're having a contest so you can hold
11 in their mouth Bacchus
are you drooling everywhere
it
so we're at dinner oh man I'm so hungry
having some appetizers demolish them so
gone you get there dude you're drooling
down the side of your mouth that's gross
Hello Kitty is disgusted by you guys
right now okay now we're gonna go to the
bar and get wasted the chocolate bar
she's in a trance we're never going to
get her out you guys
it's gonna be stuff like that forever
Oh anything you want to kill the winter
this time take a look around there's
nothing to me
it's the only waterfall mix that's
Charlie's I know that come house to your
imagination
you sing the Willy Wonka song for us
while you do that please that would help
us out a lot you see what your true do
you wish you can stick your entire head
in there would you let me stick your
entire head in there yeah how's that
they're off we paid her 50 bucks if we
could stick our head in there 300 I'll
do it right now you take debit cards
she thinks I'm joking on some jiggle
machine long ears tickle
I'm a skeptic it says ten minutes equals
one hour at the gym
this is
I don't think I believe it hey you never
know
it's like one of those shaky things
belvane just like the massage
like massage that does go good
all right Britta stars I'm gonna show us
a trick whoa that's cool
we're at the mall playing on the and
symbol or three slide down a bro whoo
Wow I heard princess start she got these
argyle socks that are meet up she's
going to put them to use do you're gonna
fall on your head
nice job no don't take your shoes off
good job don't fall asleep mami tarde
that's comfortable chair huh
who knew that commas were so comfortable
somebody else is pretty comfortable
this little man has a sharpie on his
gear
this dude's signed about a hundred
t-shirts today I've got it - I know
sharpie all over your pants I got some
right there some right there what
backwards slide whack his head on some
more time princess our let's see it
the worm
nice job introduce me to your friend bro
what's his name oh there he goes up to
the highest height let's go let's go fly
a kite on the roof of the mall tickle
shadow lost your balloon oh I went up
inside the little alcove did NASA will
call and Sun chart it's gonna have to go
to NASA prism that's on the moon that's
right you'll see it up to the earth to
heaven all right we just saw The Life of
Pi and now we started a casting cheat
game
hey Kassem G gang are we the Kassem G
gang oh whoa
guys want to join our Kassem G gang just
go to a 3d movie and pop out the lenses
and you're part of it now you also have
to get a wolf tattoo that's part of it
yeah yeah this T we have a public up
yeah you got him in here now you finish
him look at him
we have a honestly think Bronx needs a
friend
crong is lonely dry sighs here yeah well
I'm scared and eat Broxson ground in the
door okay what's up yeah y'all my buddy
over just drinking a beer in the
bathroom and my Bronx won't do anything
about it
yeah come look at him he's serious he's
shown his teeth
there's a giant possible somehow I have
a
hey here this is been an eventful day
are you wanna just use a box and you
should get a blanket and like let's just
get on the box it's have a blanket party
we're gonna the Playboy I mean it's
easier to grab them here all I'm saying
is that invite you things lived in LA
already on the freaking power on Zhang
by two you're dying for sure looks like
I put some work clothes on or so you
have more gloves Casey oh yeah I do it
he's totally playing pasta this is what
they do
look at him showing his teeth and he's
laying there like he's dead
I know so get yummy clubs yeah I do
princess art you wanna come see it yeah
watch out come what
why didn't ya was you my house come look
he's laying right there did you leave
your window open no it's not you have
gloves Casey
the bad form is scared I have this box I
took your your supplies out of this box
I'm gonna get up in this box we're gonna
take them home and make some possum stew
go through we're gonna wrap it up and
give it to I'm gonna wrap it up and put
it on Carly's bed how'd that so mean you
are to these what are these gonna do the
right yes in her workout gloves okay
well we got to make a move here we're
gonna stay in her house yeah okay Casey
give me a towel you want to do it no no
you guys seem like we're not going to do
it I'm just waiting for the moment okay
make sure we have some good vlog footage
first do you have there's one okay you
ready okay
okay ready Casey good just open this
little bit more get ready he's gonna
he's gonna fly hold on take it and throw
how about them already
there you go and he's playing possum
this is what they do
oh my gosh pray oh my gosh or something
no can't help your name huh I'll help ya
sure in the box
what he move it all to like a large cat
look at em did he's don't do you see
those commercials about those possums
okay
oh he's lawyers I and me I have a possum
in a box possum in a box everywhere
Wow hey Carl that was the meanest thing
you could have done just then there's
things I don't like this world rats at
your possum snakes and possums your
possum yeah what the heck are you doing
breathing and you ain't you listen when
we're at the movies you don't invite
friends over Bronx you ain't old I know
we friendlies it blossom rocks okay
dreamy but yeah we should do this now to
the keeper very seriously put on Harleys
bed no that's so mean I told her I was
getting theirs I blamed it on her but I
thought she left the back door open just
go put it out in the road did it will
get out if it's not dead should I just
leave him like let him go should we call
a fishing game or something
dition give up enjoy I wish gonna let
him outside he felt run away I would
kill if I definitely not eating athletes
against my mom which way are you let me
know that's like it's like a bottle
rocket er thank you I think he's hurt oh
no he's playing policy that's what they
do I can't see it look he just moved his
here you see him he's blinking he wants
to run it okay back up he's gonna run
you can't see anything on the camera
honey okay
he's picking his head up oh he's getting
out he's getting up he's go we don't
have Morgana can you guys see him here
he goes there he goes he's running away
Sheena he ran away
oh you guys can't see him oh there he
just ran into the fence you can't see
him but he did I just let him out of the
box he was laying there on his side
playing possum that's that you know but
when I tell you guys the secrets of life
were hidden in the word cliche ever
heard of the term playing possum he just
laid there and act like he was dead and
then once we all backed up he slowly got
up and ran off he's climb up the fence
now crazy okay
we got a cake how many cakes have we had
in the car applause how many times have
we sing birthday happy birthday what is
up with these things you have to buy
like dude rock tart no look at Rock turd
different is finger you usually let me
see what one you have look at that it's
like I think they're supposed to be like
an attachment you have to put the
attachment for you to get the
attachments to
I got happy happy birthday happy
birthday all the whole dog
right rigatoni the finished product says
happy like mad crazy trying to get the
lights or not what happens if you or
have one central switch alright it's
time to open grandma's presents what did
grandma get what is that caution reading
do not disturb she's subliminal
messaging you again she wants you to
read missing pieces and in the bath
science magic in the bathroom
interesting what do you say to Grandma
thank you grandma tell her you love her
I love you kiss her viral viral kiss
likens injure your dude to get us Carl
cousin from seriously or as a new
holiday we're going to space for some
tarts birthday is weirdest thing ever
what is that even you actually just put
it over
well it's filling it's gonna blow is
stop doing these where the weirdest
stuff of everything that's kind of
grossing me out don't it the world
record well I need a rest
it's it smells like it's not healthy
it's there's definitely chemicals oh
yeah what do you think you're like a
mini lung cancer right now seriously oh
no can see how biggest we're go for a
world Rafi LASP ah
do we need like a measuring tape I know
it looks like I don't feel like there's
air no I keep seeing those like Spock
birthday fun Hogan is what we do for
entertainment okay let's put on your
head okay don't do that do not that's
what you do not do as well with small
children ladies and gentlemen
a example of what not to do hey guys
mami tarde here I hope your day is going
great and I hope that you'll click on
yesterday's video che did a one-take and
you know we really just want you guys to
know how much we appreciate you and we
really do also we our first time ever
when we sang together well not the first
time ever that we sang together now I'm
rhyming oh but the first time that we've
actually recorded a song together and
posted it on YouTube and we were super
super nervous but also very excited and
happy to share this part of our lives
with you guys because we actually do
like to sing together quite a bit but
have never really you know done it
recorded it so little nervous little
insecure but we are really glad with how
it turned out and we hope that you'll go
and watch it and appreciate the time
that we put into it it's a great holiday
season so let's remember to spread the
love spread some cheer today keep a
smile on your face and as always be back
tomorrow because we'll be here with
happy faces on to give you guys a video
and also stay tuned for Saturday because
we're going to have another music video
coming out it's going to be a little bit
different all right
love you guys keep on smiling I'll see
you tomorrow
