boom boom boom boom shake the room
what's up everybody tells goal win I got
a cake I got a cake and it's like a big
dumpling
ok so I am on a mission you are on a
mission with me in fact we just
fulfilled our mission our chores our
tasks our to-do list mommy's heart just
sent me out to get a cake because we
were having a party for son tard
it is his ninth birthday not today but
Monday December 3rd and we didn't do the
vlogs back then centaur didn't have the
privilege of being born in front of 180
200 thousand people anyways it has been
a crazy weekend it was so cool meeting
all of you who came to the
meet-and-greet yesterday I'm not sure
how many people were there we were
meeting for four hours straight I feel
like we met with each person like five
minutes so what is that to the math 60
minutes in an hour divided by 5:30 so
maybe a hundred and twenty people were
there that's a good guesstimate
if you were there how many people do you
think were there at the gathering
yesterday leave a comments below and
then there's a lot of you who are
watching the livestream we did a
livestream and it was so cool to just
talk to each of you and that's why we do
those gatherings just to 1 sell a bunch
of merchandise because we want to be
rich and to meet you guys and to hear
your stories I always ask because I'm
interested to know how you first found
our videos you know what was the first
Shaytards vlog that you ever watched and
how you came to be part of this journey
called our life and it's always
interesting to hear all of your
interactions we talked to one lady whose
mom just died and she was saying that
you know she started watching our videos
because her her parents got separated at
a young age and then she saw us and she
thought oh this young family they have
these kids and you know it seems like
they have the family that I wanted and I
never got because my dad left my mom and
then she told me that last Wednesday
when we went to that new YouTube space
that Wednesday vlog that her mom passed
away and it was such a hard day for her
and she made the comment she said you
had a very different day than I did that
day and that dawns on me from time to
time
because of just the nature of so many of
you that watch our videos there's some
hard times that happen in life you know
dogs dying grandma's dying marriages
splitting up you know
fights and I forget that sometimes where
it's like there's a lot of you who are
dealing with a lot of hard situations
and you come here to our videos you know
hopefully to give you a smile and bring
you positive outlook and I feel like
that drives us because we know that and
the more that my children are able to
see that I want my kids to be able to
meet you guys and hear your stories
because I feel like they realize why we
make these videos and that they have you
know a predating good life this girl who
was talking to us she was I felt so bad
she was crying and son tired of standing
right there and she was like you know
giving him a little lecture which I like
because she's like you need to
appreciate your parents and just tell
him you love him and enjoy him while you
have them because you know her parents
were both gone now and she was sitting
there crying and it was just like this
crazy moment which I was glad for that
my kids were able to see and you know
kind of a little bit of perspective to
be grateful you know and and to just
realize what a good dad I am so anyways
I am at the store this is one take
Sunday because we have a bunch of people
coming over to our house and I don't
know if everybody wants to be on camera
because there's some people from our
church that are coming over so I got the
cake I got the candles I got the stuff
the right on the birthday cake it says
happy birthday and this is one thing
Sunday please go check out the new song
if you haven't already really excited
about it and I was a little nervous
about because I've never really put out
a singing video before and I've always
loved to sing I was in choir in high
school and you know I don't feel like
I'm horrible at singing and I feel like
I can kind of sing but I've never done a
singing video so to have been on YouTube
for almost five years and then be like
oh now I'm gonna do singing videos
that's what I was nervous about but I'd
have sang my whole life I mean I was in
choir and that's how I first met Colette
she was in a play called anything goes
and so it's like something that I've
always meant to do but just never have
until now
so I really appreciate all the comments
all the thumbs-up the favorites the
tweets the Facebook's the Google pluses
that MySpace is why who's on MySpace
Justin Timberlake is that true did he
buy myspace is he gonna make it cool
is he gonna bring myspace back I'm
bringing my space back yeah anyway so we
really appreciate all the comments and
we do have another one we have a jingle
bells' rendition that we're doing coming
out on the shaycarl channel on saturday
which will be more of less shaycarl
style you'll see what I'm talking about
but it'll be our rendition of jingle
bells we wrote some verses me and
Colette on our way back from
Thanksgiving from Idaho when we were on
our way here to LA this time we wrote to
Jingle Bell verses of our own and we're
gonna be filming that video on Tuesday
so be watching for that next Saturday on
the shaycarl channel a little shriek our
land Kati let rendition of jingle bells
it should be interesting anyways we had
a lot of long videos this week I know
there was some 1718 minute or so don't
be mad about the short one takes Sunday
with Shay toe it daddy tard getting cake
for son tarts ninth birthday
be sure to wish son tart happy birthday
in the comments love you we'll see you
tomorrow tomorrow's me a good video we
got a lot of crazy footage which
includes a possum in Casey's bathroom
which we had to eradicate it was kind of
freaky anyways love you guys see you
tomorrow happy Sunday to you turn out
turn off button
