Oh
and the shame
hi good morning it's raining today it's
actually a beautiful day I like the rain
but I was just sitting here thinking
okay I'll be honest I just filmed two
things that I just deleted because it
was so dumb I like that and then I'm
like I don't like it delete that is one
of the struggles with vlogging is I'm so
I don't know I'm not so much anymore but
I get self-conscious and I'm like what's
happened down what I just said
the comments are gonna say this maybe
maybe I should just delete it but I've
decided whatever I say in this take is
going up so if I make a mistake you from
here on out it's going up right Denise
take me to my word what now I just said
stick me to my word I don't know what
that means
okay this is skinny wars all right I'm
going to the office to film for the moms
view and to Katie let shows and then
Shay's coming in to film so it's a busy
day tis the season for busy filming
that's usually how it goes like right
before Christmas we're really really
busy but it's exciting it's a good type
of busy it's fun you know good stuff
good times anyways I see there so guys
we're just filming a little bit of the
moms view just creative like this high
here's where we've been here's my family
and we'll see
so the lovely ladies from
cutegirlshairstyles if you haven't seen
her before when you have a limbo limbo
just say for me oh it's my okay don't
get your panties in a twist okay it's
fine all right we're just getting ready
to fill a little space so stay tuned on
the Monceau and this video will be
coming out and then you'll get to see
what we're talking about okay oh man did
you get my chair wet it wasn't me oh
yeah the way through a river I already
get here did you really
oh my gun is important things I swam all
the way oh really
okay you're like I'm not getting ready
damage exactly now I'm shooting my Katie
let's show and they are so sweet because
this is my craft service they know me so
well it's my favorite so here we go it's
time shoot hi guys like my set you want
to stay for the show
yes you may but yeah you should be on my
show some new idea and my advice to this
question is with meat cheese just
kidding everything is better with
cheddar right okay this is a rare
opportunity a rare treat to have my
siblings in the vehicular vehicular
manslaughter there's Casey Lavery and
Carly still we're just missing Logan
McKay I wonder what people really think
you guys really tell us what you really
what do you guys really think about
Carly that's questions we just got done
shooting with Carly she has a brand new
show can we tell them what it's called
yet of course called the love nest we
can't get will you have an upload it
yeah you can call the love chat but I
mean the whole show is based around like
love burn it's about we call Love Shack
heck is that about finding plums that
are rotten in the back that's rock cards
fall he always leaves us plums
everywhere so I check out Carly's new
love when is it coming out I think we're
gonna be uploading the first episode on
Friday so she has stage makeup on miss
lipstick whatever you don't like this
you do that for me case that's unlucky
people think that's lucky appreciate it
only $76 to fill the stupid trunk up oh
yeah I do
my accountant will be mad at me aka my
wife she's my accountant I just hand her
the receipts taxes no no way do you
meant that what the best i meant that
our taxes are weird because we are 1099
we don't get money that's not true you
guys know what I'm excited about I'm
gonna fire Denise pretty soon that was
me no I'm gonna start editing the vlogs
pretty soon why because I just am
excited I want to edit the blog's again
I miss I honestly do I miss that just
basically say you did not know they did
a great job Denise is gonna start doing
her videos again there's a poor old Paul
denise is gonna do you guys remember
Denise did these own scary
Casey is starring in one Denise vlogs
presents she does these events TV
presents are these really scary I've
been in one you guys remember cases the
next week what are we gonna be she said
I couldn't kill anybody in I was in
where this there was a put it up Denise
hey Denise
you should promote yourself I was there
was this was a call a smoke detector
that wouldn't go off I was like this
could mean a lot scarier scary but I
like I had a new family it was crazy
anyways I'm excited to start editing my
own vlogs again I miss just like adding
like little jokes in and so I'm starting
December when Denise is going back to
New York for well will inform you later
we just got finished filming with Carly
so Lina alright but I did not like RC
you are weird hey check this out there
is a family
get closer as a family just say no GMOs
genetically modified food ethically look
at that it's like and they have their
organic vegetables what listen if you
don't eat the genetically modified foods
why are you so giant you're bigger than
all these other smaller people obviously
but eating something that's not good for
you this is a very interesting mural you
see it that well check that out that's
pretty interesting though too bad the
profit in the past which I voted for I
think it should pass I think that we
should have that on labels and Cayce
said why didn't that pass because
everybody that I knew I think it was
prop 37 you guys remember I blabbed
about it a little bit where people that
do food should have to label if
something's been genetically modified I
don't think it passed because of all the
I mean I don't know why obviously it
didn't get enough votes I feel like it's
the funny durations advertised the sky
so it's Instagram weather right now
that's annoying and kind of cool at the
same time that's what happens when your
range and range hobro do it guys come on
look at a treat from lilo and stitch I
was wet reading it on the comments if
somebody said they had a hard time
watching me talk with the toothpick in
my mouth don't come back there's
somebody stuck in I hate ball Jail its
source dude you better clean that up
ready pick that up princess you little
brat nice kick bro
no sweet put it away put it away I'm
gonna get that instead of a tree yeah
that's a good idea
how much is it
two bucks two four five it's a good deal
bad boys bad boys what you gonna do what
you gonna do when they come for you
nobody out someone's on my way Oh Jung
ho hey hey hey hey hey bad boys bad boys
what you're gonna do
well you'll know know and they come boy
that book that book but you know me what
no no
baby tart tell me how did i do on my
song good dude you delayed too long that
means you had to you didn't really think
it was good do you think I sounded
better than mom or his mom better than
me you guys are better
such a political answer thank you guys
so much what I'm making a notice late
I'm busy what do you want to get in here
I'm gonna give the moms makeup I'm
telling you you know wear that to the
pop-up shop sorry I'm doing 800 things
at once mommy tarts at maker I'm getting
the kids ready we're going down right
now to the pop-up shop if you guys are
watching this right now you can probably
watch it live follow Rodeo arcade on
Twitter we're gonna they're doing a live
streaming at the pop-up shop but we're
gonna go meet a bunch of you here in
California and sign some autographs and
take some pictures and check out the new
song please thumbs it up and favorite it
I'm really excited about it it's the
first song I've ever done I've always
kind of been bashful about my singing
cuz every time I sing I kind of make a
joke out of it but it's something that
really do love to do especially with
Colet we really love to sing together so
thank you so much for all of you guys's
compliments on the song my mom just
called me crying it's like I miss
Malachi in that moment when SunGard was
shaking Santa's hand and he just seems
so timid and young and that kids are
just growing up it was an emotional
grandma moment I would check it out
it's December 1st and it's time to feel
the Christmas spirit so go check out
that video and share it and oh we
appreciate that very much okay we're
ready let's go love you guys see you
tomorrow bye
me with glowing hearts by his crane
mr.
so led by light of a star sweetly Glee
