hi I'm login here the day has begun with
the cutting up the watermelon daily
breakfast every day at this year cars
che cards are endorsed by watermelon I
don't think there's actually like a
watermelon brand just God he invented it
it's delicious
try it and yeah you're Batman yeah cool
that's rare plain ain't my meter
tutorial video but you guys can check
out a DIY do-it-yourself video on how to
build your own airplane it's very
impressive okay who's ready go to school
you could get these at I think sprouts I
forgot where she said you could get
these I don't want your sister Oh
something just fell off of your plane
what'd you do what did you do miss me I
don't happen gesture sir if you do this
the heels come off oh okay
mom is sleeping in today it's daddy's
time to shine I'm shining my shining
star
let's go Bratz it's raining at school
bro can you believe it
alright be honest when's the last time
you did one of these when's the last
time I'm gonna do on an RD did it oh
let's see you baby tard
good job yeah you're not doing it right
rocked our that's wrong you're kicked
out of the hopscotch game is that the
rock charred impression you're doing it
wrong little man yes of course anything
you want paradise of it
Oh collision on the hopscotch court
don't start a brawl you guys I'm gonna
do it with the umbrella you ready here
we go
two one two one one good job
now click your heels together three
times and say there's no place like home
best two-year-old ever just got finished
watching lady in the Tramp what does he
do comes and puts it back in this DVD
holder good boy oh you're the best
hi so we just went out to lunch with
mini cute girls hairstyles
and I like totally left you guys in the
car I'm sorry I'm so rude but it was fun
in here it was really dirty right that's
still from our trip it's really gross
don't touch okay I have that on dog hair
in my car oh yeah I forgot about that
yeah pretty girl I decided though look
what I decided that people have clean
cars might be a little emo I know that's
why I don't have a clean carcass I don't
want people to think that I'm anal and
then I hate to say that because there
are people who aren't that just keep
their car clean and I'm going with that
so that I feel better right I forgot
about that one Shea's like I want to
great and puppies like oh that would be
great I'm like wait that's double the
hair that's double the dog hair
everywhere but you know we'll probably
eventually do it because I like puppies
too but yeah he really wants to do you
think that would be so crazy
I wish we even have gotten two boxers
really I just feel so bad for Bronx like
he's lonely right hmm and you play with
them but they like need to be
entertained all the time and we get busy
and rude when the kids are at school I
feel really bad for him I feel this
anyway I feel like um Malachi was like
sad a lot of time cuz he was like alone
in house whenever we'd go out and we
always go somewhere we're always leaving
yeah
you would have to be alone that's like
it would be nice to have to but then
stubble the mess and double the trouble
dogs are trouble we used to have capris
and Broncs would play with Capri all the
time so what do you guys think should I
get Shay to Great Dane puppies for
Christmas I'm not talking about that no
no I okay I'll be honest I actually was
I was like okay he really that's what he
really wants maybe we'll make it work
for the next six months when we're in
the apartment but I called the apartment
and they're like um we don't allow our
dogs that size in our apartment building
system these I know oh they'll be
puppies for six months right I'm gonna
move up but siren um I don't know I
don't know but eventually we will
probably have another Great Dane but I
want a wiener dog on a wiener dog you
know how cute they are hasn't had a
wiener dog they're so cute name was
Muffy um I actually told Mike Tompkins
and his wife that I just want their dog
can I have your dog please I love your
dog he got finished watching his movies
anyway didn't put it back in the DVD
player it's the best little boy ever I
did it he's gonna go get it to show you
I feel bad for those of you who have
kids and aren't as good as ours
I just sucks I apologize you guys oh
look at you it was this cannot receive
any more Jean her skin she is so pure
and fair and lovely it was stay dry not
risk even a speck of water to land upon
her pure and fair skin she is the
loveliest lady of the land lady she is
just loosely out of the Brella the coach
is arrived for you get it here we go
seat belt even for princes and brats
it's all me another piece of gum so
we're trying to shoot princess hard or
blowing a bubble and it going pop for
the pop-up shop this Saturday a rodeo
arcade tricky trying to blow a bubble on
camera
on cue yeah pop oh where we at where we
at what are we doin or looks like we're
gonna jump over some giant balls yeah
how careful not to hurt the balls when
you're jumping over the hey Lotus let me
start your Stern that was lame I have
things in my pockets I don't want them
to fall out okay you guys ready we're
gonna do this one together
here we go Cobra sure
not cool Ralph not cool bro not cool man
seriously you're wreck-it let's put
those down hey buddy okay Ralph's
inappropriate isn't well why what does
that mean you know it means yeah
what does it mean that word now what's
with the lights yeah it's an earthquake
what is the middle finger mean he ever
flipped anybody off never I always
thought it just means like up yours
buddy
kind of like screw you buddy I don't
think it means the f-word do you know
what it means what does it mean in your
native land some people I've always
called it flipping off or flipping the
bird and some people call it flicking
off there's always like different ways
to do it
I'm gonna flip you off for a minute Kay
don't be offended there was like this
way of doing it which is the way my mom
did it she would like make him a ball
and then there was like the cool guy way
where you're like you have like the
thumb it's like the flag out there it's
like yeah but then there's like kind of
like the week sorry is that offensive
don't do it don't do it let's make up a
new one okay here's the new one this one
means you have a low credit score
what up bro you have a low credit score
you have a low credit score
this one this one means your cholesterol
is high I don't know no weird what
society has invented like one little
digit out of this thing we call our hand
can mean a certain thing there's like
this thing you know we're like way they
different cultures mean different things
right or is it this yes this I don't
know anyway it's interesting we're in
the toilet a target flipping people off
it's cool oh hey that's weird there's
some man skateboard down the hallway
doing handstand oh yeah we got there
buddy hahahahaha
let's play that one again in slow motion
okay show me what you're trying to do in
the first whoa that's bouncy Oh yep
definitely getting kicked out of here
it's like that's my child where's my
husband and I was looking behind you oh
yeah I was like he's not right there
oh hey brah what he getting some
Yuletide decorations have you told him
the concept for a video no I haven't
told them yet well we need decorations
that's all I'm going to destroy and I
don't want them to be expensive but look
from the Detroits are a little bit crazy
shall i don't worry dad this is always
classic right classic and so classic
tinsel tis the season to for classic
tinsel joy and Mary Chris
so zyyd very good so awesome I look like
a ringer Merry Christmas kids ha ha ha
time for Christmas hope you been good so
try to push the cart do you know what
happens what
number right again okay so what I think
happened is some places have like things
in their carts that when you try to take
them past a certain point the Wheels
lock up am I crazy because I think this
just happen both the front wheels are
locked up and I can't bring the car
I'm not trying to steal the car I swear
there you go see we figured it out we're
gonna get back in system and you know
why because Shea had to park in the
furthest spot in the lot
it's crazy thanks kid don't hit the car
look at the car we will get our
groceries to the car whether you like it
or not target oh sunder go close and see
if it starts to work again if you guys
heard of that I've never heard of that
and mommy car just told me about that
that there's like a sensor in the cart
if you get too far away from the store
that the Wheels lock up to prevent like
homeless people from stealing their
cards
that's crazy I've never heard of that
before and I have to go I gotta check
this out we're gonna get close to Target
and see if it stops okay try it now it
did doesn't work let's get closer
okay close uh-huh you have to reset it I
don't believe that I just feel like it
just popped up we already know is that a
true thing oh okay we're doing a new
test we found a new cart that both the
wheels work and he's walking away from
the store let's see if it works there
jams up all sudden go run fast that'll
be more exciting run fast
go over here over to the side it locked
up no way dude that is so crazy
technology is crazy well why don't they
and let it exist in their whole parking
lot we're still in the parking lot it is
one of the flaws imagine some poor old
lady here at Christmastime and she has
to park out in the North 40 because
there's no parking spots and her car is
jam-packed and then the wheels locks up
and she can't get into her car hot
target then what but you didn't think
about that you need to widen your
circumference of your electronic
magnetized sensors huh
yeah I'm filing a complaint Christmas
you know in the parking lots of Target
in the very far corners of the target
parking lots and wait for old ladies car
wheels to lock up what do you see
oh you see a snail slow and steady wins
the race it's a racing snail we don't
even have time for racing snail a movie
oh Henry wait for me wrong no going
anywhere Clarabelle I'm going this way
which way are you going
well I'm going this way but I'm not
burn files so you just hold on to your
britches a little trail they're leaving
Oh
pretty for me
I'm keys raised you eat for complete
okay I'm cheating I'm just going to tell
you right now I'm cheating I'm not even
going to try to hide it why I'm
definitely going to eat everything on
this table we are here we're making
rings tonight at my church we have a
ring making eyes for Kristen I guess
it's the tradition here I've never been
to it yet but they're really real beat
I'm going to show you that in just a
minute but it's really fun Brittany so
sweet she came with me this morning
we're trying to steal my ribbon
seriously I'm trying to make a bowl I'm
trying to end your bow
that's yours this is mine well you
started you know I'm driven apart again
let's just go home oh wait we're not
playing oh yeah we do every Andrea
I hate more than you know all right
here's the magical wreath do you like it
tell me you like it
there's mine I love it
kind of nerve-wracking you're in there
with like they're all like church ladies
that crapped and we're not turk ladies a
crap we're not even if we're not even
Kaylee's with a craft
we were like Alvin Keely couldn't come
then we're like maybe it's okay Kayla
crap look we're falling apart already
these things are falling ah I meant
being grabbed at that don't worry
there's not a wrong way to make a read
so just go buy yourself some rings okay
guys and we got next we created every
one of the best things about baby rock
card for his two and a half year
lifespan is that he has gone to bed
perfectly almost every single night of
his entire life a lot of parents have to
deal with kids who won't go to sleep and
cry when they have to go to bed and will
stay up all night long almost every
single night for his entire life he's
gone to bed in his perfect little bad he
just snuggles up and it's like I'm going
to bed last two nights he refuses to go
to bed unless he gets to sleep with son
card he's just freaking out crying mmm
you happy now huh who's one of you
better up P to bed or gonna be sleeping
on each other's urine fo fo-fo girl I
love you you guys are sleeping under the
covered wagon under the stars
night-night
kisses night-night
it gives good pucker up kisses yeah
 up give kisses hmm
he does live ducky no here's the thing
is you gonna sleep early are we gonna
come in here five minutes late yeah hey
rock tart if you know where to sleep you
have to get back in your bed okay
oh he loves his big brother hahahaha I
got my sippy cup I'll get whatever I
want I'm a happy little baby hey did you
guys told somebody get a good job today
whoo Oh Cooper had surgery today had a
tooth pulled today had a tooth pulled
and he was tough tell Cooper good job
you're proud of good job Cooper he did
good
wait what did he do yeah good he had to
get one when I get an 18 of his teeth
ripped out of his head eight thompson's
yeah he's been chewing tobacco for the
last four years all right good night
I'm going to go to sleep and don't chew
tobacco well you do that you get
attached to your clothes we're not on
this podcast anymore I am in a karate
truck regular I'm just being honest
listen I'm serious
like your club we are gonna go home and
we are gonna count we're gonna get every
strip I don't care if this takes us five
hours we're gonna go through and I get
you that you have at least three times
the amount of shirts that I do so women
are supposed to have more clothes we
care about 5min like so much well you
guys think
