Hey Batman are you do i dude you help me
with the dishes thank you I came out
here and he was putting the silverware
away from me so awesome I've trained you
well my child that's right are you ready
to go to school lady almost you got a
spelling test today are you excited for
that you know we did a little bit we
worked on a couple words that were kind
of troublesome let's do some more today
okay circus aye sir okay let's get some
breakfast in this brain and then you'll
be able to remember K never win you know
why because my hair forts me my hair
gets in my face like course I'm beating
my wife in here I'm beating my wife yeah
oh that's cool Rock tardes Bronx outside
you go tell Bronx to get outside can you
go make sure he's outside
where's Bronx I just cannot have an
inside hurry go tell the outside
go tell him to get out Sykes I don't
want an inside thanks thank you
seriously hurry about for blue tell him
we tell Bronx people outside Hotel him
right now courtside
say hi brats hey love you do I love ya
what what is he doing does he need to go
outside
nope he's been doing it Brooks all day
to go outside yeah outside bye bye
good boy good boy
hey bye Bronx boy he's finally outside
are you happy about this he's been
yelling at them the whole time we've
been here
Bronx outside Oh
we're gonna come back in down tight box
you're such a good little helper
surprises really annoyed by you though
whistle all right you just want the door
good job Rach Ted good job thanks for
helping this will be an ongoing battle
so get in I'll push the door again yeah
see
so you guys stay out there oh they just
wanted to come in and say hi
should we let him come inside this house
you won't Oh guys my name is Sun tart
and today I will be building a biplane
very own pipeline got all my parts and I
got this glue the some glue some paint
so the first step is plate building the
wings so place a little dab of glue
around the end of one strut and place
into one of the holes and the wing so
I'm going to do that so watch okay guys
step one complete Donnie biplane
step two slide the axle between aqua
holders then place a little glue around
each end of the axle you slide on the
wheels you could see how I put glue on
the end of these bars and I stuck them
in these little holes and I put a little
glue on each side of the bar and stick
stuck them in there and I put this
together on top side that axle between
the axle holders in place a little
and each end of the axle and slide on
the winds now apply glue to the top of
the axle holders and glue them to the
underside of the lower wing okay you do
that
so I glued these on here then I stick an
axle in through these holes and I dabbed
a little bit of glue on the end and
stuck in the wheels now moving on to
step three where we have to put these
together in the order okay I made step
three you could see how um I kind of
slide this in and then I stuck that in
and I put some glue on the bottom of
that part and now you stick that on and
then I got some glue and put it on the
front of that and I hold it that um
stick on it fro for kind of a long time
and then it dried finally you place some
glue on the upper side of the lower wing
and glue it to the underside of the body
as shown okay I do that I'm going to
show you guys so you can see I glued
this part to the lower wing inside of it
and you don't put it in this way you put
it in or the other way so it's got me so
your airplanes gonna turn out like that
now and you paint it so you can fit
every any color you want I'm gonna paint
it my color so hope you guys have fun
with this video please subscribe and
hope you like it bye look it almost
looks like snow I'm so excited to go
skiing this year it's just very fine
rain but it's almost snowing can you
guys see that love it
well good Rock chart oh there he is down
on the field
Hey
come over here dude you gotta get off
the field you can get kicked in the head
trust me no one likes get kicked in the
head we're at Sutton tard soccer
practice
rocked art is also doing a little
practice and of himself check it out
here's the new YouTube space they have
their own movie screen on the outside of
their building show you all these lights
so we are here at the YouTube
I don't exactly what you call it but
they have this new space and at
YouTube's new space it's a launch party
for the new space having to check out
you got to check out the new space whoa
easy in my truck brother they're just
warning this is fancy YouTube space this
is cool check this out what a man what a
man what a man what a man what a man a
good man
man go dance in front of this YouTube
this is like the timeline of YouTube
check it out January 2005
Chad's garage where u2 was born this is
the very first youtube video ever
uploaded April 23rd 2005 me at the zoo
then of course we have the popularity of
my lonely girl my lonely girl lonely
girl David after dentist hundred million
views
there's old Fred and Tay Zonday October
6 google buys YouTube that's when all
our lives changed sent Obama December
2008 YouTube is in HD we're billion
views a day comes in January 2010 April
2012 YouTube has original channels
launch the moms view is one of those
original channels is that right yeah
October the dude jumped from the red
bull stratos
bows his name again the camera member
and today 2012 we have the YouTube space
in Los Angeles cool hey I know him
epic rap battles are history there's
mystery guitar man there's Devin
Supertramp
video of that I can't remember the
videos game because I'm not a video game
person there no umbrella
Freddie Wong is here oh my us knees
popping out hook it back in I was really
glad to see Freddie Wong
it's raining raining on this YouTube of
you to show you
these people are standing there right
there talking so this is the new co paps
doing some more dancin bro this is the
new YouTube space they have like
everything you could imagine in here
this is really cool look this is like a
3d background you've got New York we've
got get over there dancing
it's on you babe like she's like I'm the
Wizard of Oz or something do that is
cool yeah dude three weeks that looks
cool looks really cool you look
ridiculous but it's just on a green
screen there's not really a dinosaur
this is very green
I've always every time I come to a green
screen I want to skateboard on it cuz
they're curved like a halfpipe you
patent the dinosaur
YouTube space opening partners so if you
guys don't understand what this is
YouTube basically that have built a
production stage for youtubers anything
you want to make they have all the
technology all the green screens all the
cameras I'm gonna prophesy here this is
where a lot of YouTube panels are gonna
be held right here in this room isn't
this cool
they'll have power strips you got to
plug your computer in for green screen
rooms a 3d green screen though you saw
dude
YouTube's like totally legit and stuff
bro just in here train outside
everybody's the motion capture we had
seen a nurse this guy he's known to make
it a video - how would you use this
Freddy long and Brandon do you guys want
to see a demo yeah all right Greg Benson
just wants to use the suit for
interviews and he just artists suit yeah
I just really want to do boring
interviews to play this robot to go in
and save the day by destroying the
helicopter so let's see how this works
out
and so the helicopters coming into the
village and start running into the
village what do you see up there
not only does it have all the other
things that showed you has its own
Meghan tonjes yeah Megan Todd just comes
with the new YouTube space I'm actually
living here now she lives here on the
stage hi so Meghan is that perform sweet
Jim in here there's me Tony V of
blackboxtv he's film and Megan there's
seananners yeah
oh man I just missed it ha ha I made it
to the very end
look guys I was on the thing at the
YouTube space that was my running video
she told me it was on here and I was
watching for it then I just saw it but I
didn't get my camera out in time so
there's pretty long you guys do want to
wait around watch it on the kiosk never
get to watch on the kiosk
we're with two girl hairstyles she's
gonna do my beard she's gonna did you
ditch the shoes ditch the leopard shoes
it's so comfy you're walking on the
black carpet barefoot going on here
these oh it's what's in it are this the
new YouTube playbook oh it is dude you
guys this if you want to become a good
youtuber this honestly is what you need
right here this has all the new tips and
tricks here open yours cuz I'm doing
one-handed here that's pretty cool Holly
did that yeah
talks about pre-production every little
detail that you want to know all there's
Daily Grace talking about annotations
that was my music your daily grace again
what is this book sponsored by Daily
Grace jeez Daily Grace thumbnail options
monetization there's Kelly and Carly the
new YouTube playbook all the moms of you
know why cow snow
you can count a video see nut butter and
jelly on guard
