do it again rock card do it again let's
see them
we've been playing this for a couple
hours now right right whenever the kids
get a new toy I feel like they play with
up for five minutes and then they put it
away and then ever plays it again that's
why you got to get out and sit with them
or they won't play with he loves it now
rather than playing with them under it
again rock hard what's doing become you
I got this dude we got this dude and
they're gonna race ya ready we're gonna
race up ready you gotta go at the same
time this one and this one ready okay
drive with the flashlight and go oh the
other guy got stuck oh that's true at
the same time put yours right there not
gonna put that guy right here
put that guy right here ready good okay
let's push them at the same time ready
one two three go
push your guy oh he crashed you win you
win good job flashlight man what John
fun with cars and flashlights it's
lunchtime and rock cards taking baby
steps to the table he's afraid of
dropping his chips please climb very
slow and don't judge it's on a purple
plate whoo
right it's the only kid plates we have
and he loves them what kind of sandwich
is it rocks I'd say peanut butter and
jelly okay I know don't say anything but
what are you doing I will not turn down
I would just not do that we're try to
ten okay baby why count to three you can
count butter and jelly on so my daddy
say 13 good say 14 take 15 did they do
it again dad those are just 15 baby
push-ups I just do baby push-ups again
well you look good babe well I'm sure
you still working up to that hundred yes
I haven't managed to I lost video IO is
why I looked at my she lost account I
have made it she lost video since the
day before the st. George marathon that
was pathetic
yeah mister goals that you forgot to
tell everybody out the powder I am still
going for hundred push-ups I haven't
haven't given up hope do one maybe in
two days I gotta rest a little bit then
I'll see how many I can do yeah what are
you doing teeth brush retard
I hear there you can say that again what
are you gonna put your 1800 cosmetic
items away
it's crazy lady
you guys take my tank top do you know I
was trying to get chubby I need to start
running again I have not been running I
ran for miles on the treadmill we're in
Idaho and that's it a month ago I was
running ten miles a day I'm starting to
feel a little shovel Wubba Chum but was
that bad Chumbawamba
Chumbawamba it sucks because it's like I
don't have you know before I was working
towards a marathon I don't have a race
so I don't have anything to work towards
hey bud you gonna go with Mama go pick
up the girls huh okay I love you I love
you hey I want you show us your Batman
mask get it put it on the seat here
let's see you look like Batman I do
that's great advice you're the coolest
Batman I've ever seen you on top of the
couch and jump off of it like Batman get
on top of the couch and jump off yeah
hurry climb on the furniture with your
shoes hustle get up there climb up on
top of the furniture then jump off and
say Batman you climb all the way up
there
oh snap Batman's going to the top of the
Empire State Building it's the tallest
building in Gotham City let's see him
jump down and solve some crime
speaking of which guys see the new epic
rap battles of history with Batman and
diverse Sherlock Holmes jump can jump
all the way to the ground jump on the
carpet jump onto the carpet oh that was
land that was only half a jump you crazy
Rock chart jump all the way down there
to the carpet can you jump down here
let's see it
yeah balloons set up here ah
I'll help you get it come here okay you
ready okay here we go
little man little man get the balloon
get it yeah stand on dad's shoulders now
you're stepping on my carotid artery you
got it whoo good job bud
all right go for a bike ride slow it is
op called hominy dude bone
thugs-n-harmony that's what's for dinner
today
you're so funny oh my gosh it's so much
clearer what we're gonna clear up
boom orgy was on the streets tried to
consume is that that's Warren genome I
don't know bone thugs-n-harmony straight
up in this hood we cookin meatless
Monday is it Monday nope but we're still
doing vegetarian chili yes we're so
healthy we're such good people well I've
sort of cheated a little yesterday on
accident where we had yesterday clam
chowder
doesn't count clam for me they come from
it's soup we had soup should have had
ribs people beefy cow ribs it's not
weird to think what my favorite have you
ever had ribs in your life you know
there's different types of ribs there's
my ribs are the Bingaman beef one
there's not don't stop don't tell them
that you're animalist those canines I
wouldn't doubt it but you know what I'm
saying like those big ribs you just like
you almost there like a handle bar that
like you crap on there like a big beefy
ones think about that that's so just
like right there on a Cali next time run
across you drive by a field of cows and
you see a counts down they're going like
this just imagine that giant rib right
there just rip it out of his body
yeah but just what do you have in here
so far I just got the corn in there
I just put tomatoes juice tomato juice
corn chili beans hominy so far hmm
you know put the hominy dude both doses
in here yeah there's a little jar oh
thanks come on we tell the same joke
over and over and over again I was
watching yesterday's vlog when I was I
felt like I was telling the same joke
over like okay Shay we did it yeah as I
was watching the video I made some joke
about the California inspection and I
kept saying over and over I'm like oh
that's funny shape what did you say it
five more times they don't get funnier
than where you said just a drainage kind
of design it yeah what is hominy I've
never other than the ABC TBD mm-hmm
that's weird it's like corn corn yeah
white hominy look at that stuff it's
good get your Vincent I don't know I
never wanted to do you guys rinse your
mama died you said you had two roots it
oh yeah I think I do rinse them so I
just got back from a 30 mile bike ride
and I feel amazing it's inevitable man
every time I don't feel like going I
don't feel like doing it even I'm like
the first four miles I'm like maybe I'm
just going a quick ride today I have a
lot to do and I'm just not feeling it
but I keep pushing I keep going and I
feel amazing by the end I have a lot
more energy
and just by yourself and listen to some
Joel Osteen he talked about an important
concept today if you lived in an
apartment complex where 80% of the
people in the apartment complex were
drug dealers and liars and thieves and
criminals how long would it take for the
other 20% of the people in that
apartment complex to move out he talked
about that with our thoughts in our mind
if we have like you know discouraging I
can't do it I'm not good enough I'm
never going to amount to anything in my
life thoughts that are in our brain if
that is the majority of the thoughts in
our brain how long until all the
positive good optimistic thoughts just
take off because they're sick of hanging
out with the drug dealers there
it was really good like yeah that's
right like feed yourself optimism he was
in a chapter about encouraging yourself
sometimes people don't encourage you
sometimes you know you don't have
somebody there to say you're doing a
great job you're awesome you're doing
great
sometimes you have to do that for
yourself and encourage yourself and say
I hope I'm good enough you know people
like it really does make a difference
I'm still in my pajamas and you're like
you're like you clean the house
you're making a salad and you're caring
for our children this one's picking her
nose dude what's up with the nose
excavation going on around at least
she's cleaning it
we have sleep and bum over here and
princess discuss what we're gonna spell
20 let's go big news for our boys we owe
some cashola
okay announce it dude so you know how we
have to write 50 words for the spelling
bee yeah I got all sectors you got 50
out of 50 so how much do we have to show
out now hunter bucks too
we can't afford that we have to give you
a hundred bucks
two bucks word dude I'll pay that gladly
I'm proud of you I would gladly pay that
so what does that money go towards
actually well it doesn't like go to help
drug dealer says it
no okay child trafficking yeah
Oh God be cool if that was I think it
goes cool dude so who else got 50 out of
50 this other girl she's like not as
smart as you did she this other girl are
you the other girl I got 50 out of 50 so
proud of you son tardy Lena so how many
people in your class got 50 out of 50
dude you're like the best kid ever
listen come here come here but don't
tell your brothers and sisters and I
love you them
okay don't tell progress okay good job
dude I'm super proud of you that's
awesome 50 out of 50 and we're all
stressing out because we forgot to bring
his spelling list with us to Idaho and
we got home it's like I have a spelling
bee tomorrow we're like crap I only
bring the spelling list with us you
could have been practicing that in the
van on her 30 hour drive but you guess
he doesn't need a pregnancy you got 30
out of 30 50 what I came to Britt this
hard if you don't get 50 out of 50
you're gonna sleep on the roof in it and
sleep in the first day we practice we do
all 50 words in the class like each
person I think goes a sarcomere and
spells a word Oh in front of people nuts
get you ready for the actual spelling
bee yeah and then you hear the Thunder I
got 50 out of 50 on a spelling bee
yeah so do you think you can get 50 out
of 50 no pressure bro you don't know
Stella
uh I mean and the top to standing in the
class so if you beat everybody in your
school in the auditorium you get to go
and meet Barack Obama in Washington DC
to see DC just tell him I didn't say
Washington to see I said Washington DC
okay princess hard spell terror yes it
does
ter are no it's a are ter roar I am
terrified
ter ro are satyam are are oh so this is
a good way to help remember when you're
terrified what does it mean oh oh my
gosh I'm like so terrified you're scared
right so when you're scared what face do
you make you make this face and that's
an O your mouth is a no terror ter are
oh oh oh are okay so remember when
you're terrified
there's terror and you make this face
and your mouth makes an O so it's ter
our Oh
are okay okay we help our kids terroir
and poked pot a total spell terror te
you should do that tomorrow your
spelling bee when you're when you see
terror you'll remember all our okay okay
go with practice it's not my feet real
quickly just ground ball Eugene you want
some only feet that's disrespectful
that's gross trust me the moon looks
really cool tonight this image is not
doing it justice there's like a cool
rowdy Brainbow around it rock dark get
your seatbelt on don't punch your
freaking baby face right now right
you're on put it on easy there psychotic
baby card get it on put it on put it do
it do it just do it
cricket click it or ticket good boy
that cold will roll your window up silly
head
you like it down we're headed to Scout
Sun tarde is going to become a wolf
tonight they got the award in time what
a big day dude tell about your mile
Wyatt we're vlogging up here last time
when I ran the mile I got 12 22 and this
time I got 1056 cutting some time off
here it's time there I think you fit
around the second mouth greatest ours
about to show us her trick okay let's
see it she walks down the wall and then
oh dude you're like oh nice she does a
handstand oh you're gonna break your
back you look like that girl on the
grudge whoa nice you must be a gymnast
to a gymnastics impressive
yeah got his wall are you proud of him
how you how you show your pride so I
think the important thing you need to
remember is just go in the direction
that you love something that interests
you that excites you and if that changes
don't be afraid to make the change
that's okay life is fun it's too short
to just stress out about what you're
going to become just let life happen
enjoy the journey and become who you
become
