hi I'm login here hey guys rap music
studio Shay and I are just laying down
some tracks you know how we do okay he's
gonna he's gonna sing his part we've
been singing together up until now he's
gonna sing his part do you like our
decorations close Oh crazy point I'm
gonna tell you don't eat your earphones
so we've been doing it together up until
now now we're gonna do separate parts
and see if we need to change any fingers
it's super nerve-wracking it's really
exciting to do but it's a little bit
nerve-racking yay we're ready boys to be
offered
Oh
right there that's from hit right there
we're doing a holiday routine did I miss
a holiday holiday routine okay that's
all you get to see until the holiday
routine I'm so excited because this is
my gymnastic starts to get fun when we
get to watch her in her little routines
we just ordered their leotards for the
holiday extravaganza and are you excited
yeah are you gonna play performing oh
thank you for the kisses here let me
help you guys are you gonna be
performing in the holiday extravaganza
yeah what are you gonna do you know your
routine you don't oh you better start
working on it are you just gonna come
and hang on these bars all day yeah yeah
that's good routine that's cool well I'm
super excited I remember when I was in
like cheerleading and you know like the
younger actually not actually school
cheerleading but like a cheerleading
thing and you got to do performances I
was in cloggy
do you know what clapping is baby chard
yeah what is clogging Sophie
it's one Sofie when the sink gets
clogged that's true but I used to do the
dance clogging you know what dance
clogging in it I did no not exactly
nowadays they have a cooler version
which is like Riverdance or whatever I
wish I could Riverdance but no it was
clogging in my day and we did it to
country music I knew it
song and dry moon what nice dance I like
the routine you're gonna look great and
your new leotards on that regime yeah
yeah I used to clog to uh you and me
don't fishing in the dark you guys
remember that song you know it's been a
while I'm kind of old to get groceries
we've gone for a whole week and our
fridge looks pretty sad without
watermelons yay that's the one thing I
love about California is you can't get
watermelons in Idaho right now only in
California they have watermelons and
they're still good - they're not most
she hasn't heard yeah what are you most
excited about being back not really not
really cuz you have a spelling test man
tell us about your spelling you took the
spelling test today
how'd you do look at me she didn't tell
us yeah we didn't get it back tonight we
get it back tomorrow okay and so then
after that like in a couple days you
have the spelling bee yeah but like
guess what this sucks
if any of the parents of the kids like
on my school are out there it sucks for
you but every word that you get on the
whole entire list like if you got 49
words at 50 mm-hmm then you get to pick
up a short amount of money to donate
yeah it's the play give to like let's
say I'm so tired I'll give you two
dollars for each work that you get right
and if I get 50 words right that's $100
that's good I want I want you to get all
50 right though okay cause that's just
donating to your school plus it means
you're super duper smart SuperDuper
smart the greatest one so far the best
the best ones little daughters of 49
works oh really yeah
you mean you do know who won or who got
the most working well said you didn't
know oh yeah she said the best ones so
far are these kids named Alexandra
Elijah oh okay they both got 49 words
right cool
man if I would have remembered I had all
their spelling lists on the fridge I was
gonna take him with us on our trip and I
didn't so you would have got 50 right if
we would have done that don't yet yeah
maybe you did I don't know so now we
need to figure out what's for dinner
guys cuz I didn't plan anything and I
hate when I do that cuz I know stress
out about it what's for dinner I don't
know Eddie my boy did you fart man so
much flatulation going on anyways I have
an announcement to make
that's right an announcement this
Saturday
if you're in the Los Angeles area we're
gonna have a meet-and-greet that's right
a meet-and-greet
Rodie arcade is doing these new things
called pop-ups I think is home pop-up
shops where they're gonna have rodeo
arcade merchandise at local areas and of
course we're gonna start it out in the
LA area cuz that's where we are and it's
now eventually be cool to travel other
places but this Saturday if you want to
come see the Shaytards if you're in the
California area we're gonna be a place
called a surge power surge it's an
arcade it's called power surge this is
an actual arcade it's like a new-age
arcade where all the games are like in
the walls this is what it looks like
this is
venue this really cool arcade or you can
go and you can play video games like we
Lisa people playing some Wii Sports you
can do some mic racing check that out
was a little couple doing some racing
put it that though it's almost looks
like an art gallery but these are all
video games all around this place but
we're gonna be here on Saturday from
2:00 to 5:00 if you're in LA come hang
out with us are you gonna be there this
Saturday yeah huh what are you gonna say
we're gonna do you have a performance
prepared you better have one oh yeah
show us your back flip on the bed
princess star just did a backflip on the
mattress what are you doing pig nose and
you really try to pick that nose as much
as possible let's see your back flip my
face on the bed trying to slip harder
than that like you purposely did it that
is disgusting that's disgusting
flip hard that's good
anyways here's the location sixty eighty
one center drive suite 110 in Los
Angeles California it says it's on level
one promenade at the Howard Hughes
Center if you know where that's at
directly below the rave a teen movie
theater formerly the bridge so come hang
out with us this Saturday we'll be there
from 2:00 to 5:00 and I think they're
gonna have calendars I just talked to
zou over a roadie arcade and then we
should have some calendars so if you
didn't get one online and your parents
don't trust you to buy things online you
can come and hang out with us and we'll
sign them right there on this Saturday
2:00 to 5:00 at it's called power surge
it's in arcade you can come hang out
with us and we'll sign some calendars
for you okay cool sweet noodle okay as
well new trick the rock your head ready
yeah you ready ready jump jump ah
kisses kisses
thank you kisses kisses kisses hey thank
you
kisses kisses get this oh thank you
thank you but he ready cuz when I see it
from this area okay ready
jump jump ready 1 2 3 jump
oh wait grab on the other way slit your
hand wait grab on there yeah he ready
kisses kisses kisses kisses kisses good
job Dugan that's it she doesn't like
daddy to help her up she likes to climb
up if she's a little monkey okay ready
go
I'll do the reverse trip one Oh walk
your head
oh he went all the way down he didn't
like that yeah well you're tired now
your arms are all worn out
you already did a bunch of sets of them
come on push it go
nice job little biceps toodles bicycle
getting big my turn
can he do it again jump okay ready grab
on kisses kisses kisses kisses thank you
yeah here let's get you to better angle
Sitapur now good okay sigelei ready jump
jump okay kisses look at the camera
Jesus get this kisses you give daddy
kisses thank you he's drop-dead you can
kisses kisses kisses goodness
ready kisses whoa kisses though ready
get this get this flip up flip up flip
up kick your legs over put your toes in
there now flip over and give me kisses
you're not doing that right watch out
rock hard does it play you gotta grab
out here dude
ready kisses what he kisses brinstar
just up in the closet all right baby
tour wants to play a game what's the
game so first you have to color our
sounds writing you have to write I think
I'm too peach paper get picked for Mom
huh what are you do with the pieces of
paper but we are and we saved it already
computer on a table okay let's go on the
table and show me you ain't gonna have
you agree okay show me how to do it
playing hacky sack with a balloon bro
yep please practice okay and then you
did honey
let's see Lady and the Tramp so you have
to act out lady in the Tramp yeah you
can't say a word it yeah and whoever
this is at first it's their turn okay
let's try one may be tired ready Suns
hard and princess are you guys guests
come over here son try right here by the
fridge ah okay ready
you guys have to guess whatever princess
or baby her pulls out kay come on babe
hard put come pick one pull one out okay
get ready you guys first one to get it
went surprise you don't show them foot
but let's see what is it hold it
is that okay uh-huh okay okay
Britney you got one too I don't know
what does that say oh you can't read
that for guy
this chair okay come over for sure here
huh
do they can hear you okay it's okay you
know what process it is that was all I
was it just said princess okay here we
got another one okay come here come here
yeah okay see this one look at that you
see it
note that is yeah okay no she can't make
any more you can't make any noise
okay you guys what is that way might
show what does that mean this is animal
this is a book this is a movie this is a
person okay let's see okay okay
the tiger pretty surrogates you get to
go next that's your prize rock card it's
doing one right now called no sticker
it's cool okay you guys ready
show us I know we want to see you today
so you okay that's a good point
yeah you guys don't show us okay who can
guess in the comments first weight first
yeah it's movie table tangled who got
that before sunt are dead son cards next
look oh that is awesome
I'm Anna Fred you got one rock card okay
you Mac yours out next okay here goes
Sun chart check this rocker we I didn't
say what it was or not yet Oh what is
that a picture a person okay no you
can't say anything you said pretend this
is rock card you gave it away you can't
you can't say anything at all
Shh up what's that one anybody gently
okay
okay guess guess a baby uh football
crying baby
Rock tard mom a mom Colette a cook uh uh
what else
Cecily ha ha I know that cuz désolée
spins rock chart around by the other
what's this one who's that that's baby
tard actually it's s he's the one that
put all these things together for me you
wrote some of them you wrote some of
them I wrote some are you helping her
okay last one here's the last one rocked
hurts still picking ones out hey but you
can got it sorry okay tell us what it is
yeah tell us what it is first show us
what it is this way it's a movie alright
rocker thanks for that good okay last
one already said last one movie bonus
clip there's a bonus one this is a movie
Sleeping Beauty that was easy
you're dead you're dead princess marry
me Juliet you never have to be alone I
love you and that's the really no talk
to my dad go to get watches it's a love
story baby just say yes but what if she
says no baby just say no what if they
say maybe baby just say maybe that was
baby Todd with her best rendition of
Taylor Swift she's got a lot of them
she's got a lot of them I'm telling you
we got a rising star in our hands
what are you wanna say something that
was princess guard Andy who is old love
you guys so much thanks for watching our
videos go check out where we're doing
yesterday wait what what do you wanna
say you want to say something okay
this is princess Todd I hi hi she will
also be working on a song later I'm sure
she'll let me know when she's ready to
sing a song for you guys but go check
our video video 2 video out
yesterday we made a video other day
before that we made a video and two
years ago one years ago and three years
ago we made videos as well so go check
all those out and we got sent out on the
podcast and we will be having a new
podcast soon and new videos and all
sorts of videos you guys are you
overwhelmed the amount of videos that we
give you guys are you just loving us
just tell us tell us in the comments
below and love you we'll see you next
time
next video we got another one coming out
tomorrow I love videos
