hi I'm login here good morning it is a
beautiful day today
what are you doing weirdo I'm trying to
take the things downstairs
so princess card has been tasked with
the job of carrying olive Rock towards
toys downstairs oh no your lizard you're
a teaser so is this an easy way to carry
yep there you go alright lizard face
thanks for helping appreciate it you're
the best
if you just listen to them and you'll be
happy inside and you just help your
mother and father and just make sure you
choose the right coz at the holy Gospels
with him he had to choose alright that's
why he's with you take so he can help
you son won't go to hell and you not so
yeah I just want to go to the right
place and eat Nolan Gospels arms gonna
be with you and love what is thank you
what are you doing are you giving a talk
that was really good
we're here at Braley's baptism Casey
baptized Braley today and we just came
in here and princess Todd was giving a
talk that was really nice what I wanted
to remember that was the cutest thing
I've ever seen you do Church has
elevators
yeah well sometimes people need to get
upstairs gonna try it out is there a
heaven button does this one go to heaven
yeah oh the wonkavator maybe does that
was a nice talk again oh oh you
have to check it out on the Shaytards
log ok gage I think you might have the
coolest tear of the day let me see
seriously coolest hair officially you
get the award can you believe we're
already headed back to California is
that so fast it was the quickest trip
ever
oh yeah
oh yeah Sun tarts going peepee in the
potty shut the door I'm gonna play the
fun game of he has to chase us ha ha
then I'll accidentally run him over
that's not funny
so we're headed back right now our
little vacation is over a little
Thanksgiving is very short short and fun
we did have a good time though next time
it will be fun and longer and super
packed we're coming back Christmas so be
like exciting and I hope there's snow I
want to ski man damn bro there might be
yeah huh he's gone
get in oh don't hit the car oh good job
get your heart beating ok digest that
Mexicans wearing my boots - really oh
that's fun get on the road get on the
road again I just can't wait to get on
the road again put your seat belts on
the road you're in do you see the moon
there's the moon
son I think that's so cool whenever
they're together together forever
the Sun and the moon in the same sky
chillin like booze it's the worst I've
ever heard
chill elect to live in lit die everybody
that's rocks on it
yeah go motorcycle man alright we're on
the interstate heading back to
California Holly we were just here no
tonight we just barely got her and we're
going to be coming back in a few weeks
for Christmas gonna be professional
professional drivers professional so
we're gonna try to make it to Vegas
tonight and that way tomorrow we will
only have a four-hour drive to make it
to Las Angeles but we're headed back to
Idaho for three weeks December 15 16 I
think the kids get out of school but we
have to get back because the kids have
school on Monday so we have to Harshal
backs like in their education note sign
I gotta learn they're rifting riding in
English biology
they're gonna have a Christmas concert
oh they are waiting for a program I
guess you call it I don't know December
something can't wait to see it I bet
y'all film and upload it to the internet
and you know you guys are probably
either for that I took about three
you're not gonna get rid of us again I
really didn't hurt my throat I really
almost died you guys so love you high
fever lost wages Viva Viva lost wages
yeah you're no broker because you spent
all your money on stupid things yeah
so it's 9:30 at night and if we keep
pushing through we could get home about
2:00 in the morning so what do you think
to stay in Vegas push on through to the
other side
what do you guys want to do
Keeks his baby tickles basically eat he
I think we're to go then we're going to
push on through that way we won't miss
church tomorrow who wants to go to
heaven we could either stay here and
sing a city and lose our souls we could
go to church tomorrow
yeah that's boring or we could go to
treasures the gentlemen's club is that
look at that great and spacious building
treasures see the kids they did want to
stop but we put Dumbo on there watch
your don't bow in the back street I'm
gonna ask the big boss for a raise
anyway so now they don't want to stop
because they're right in the middle of
their movie
kind of just perfectly you want to stop
centered no baby toy wants to eat I
would like I would like to stop driving
now I would rather stop driving and not
start again plus if you don't know the
traffic on a Sunday evening from Vegas
to LA it's horrible because on the
weekends everybody comes to Vegas and
then they have to go back you know to
get to work on Monday so like sometimes
if you lived in LA before if you've ever
made that drive from Vegas to LA you can
be going like 10 miles an hour the
entire way back because everybody is
going back for work on Monday
and you're just stuck in the desert
crawling slower than a caterpillar
that's sitting on the back of a scorpion
and that's pretty slow because that's a
fat scorpion he ate at all the buffets
here in Vegas and that caterpillars like
dude
scorpion how many ribs did you have when
you were in Vegas and the scorpions like
bro shut up and hurry up I got work on
Monday and you don't want to be part of
that trust me think about are you
tripping on LSD man haha carpet is so
fat ha ha ha what that's weird
okay the Bellagio which the Bellagio
isn't that where it is now our Danny
ocean stole all the money there were the
play show that's where the mountains are
Ocean's eleven yeah yeah fill er up fill
er up fill er up
Oh alert on top too much all right
Oh dripped a little flew up to Daisy
well we decided to keep pushing through
it's kind of lame I remember as a kid
it's like dad please but this is like I
got to make up the grown I have to make
the grown up dad decision because be
better for back his case they have any
homework and like just unpacking and
we'll have like a full day tomorrow to
get ready for school on Monday if we
stay over tonight we'll probably get
there late the next day it's just better
to move but it's like it's funny because
I remember these decisions like as a kid
being like come on dad it'll be fun or
please and they're like no we better do
this it's like I have to I'm the one now
that's in charge of like making that
grown-up decision even though I want to
stay in Vegas and like go watch a movie
in a nice hotel room but it's just
probably better to go back you guys
think I'm lame baby dar thinks I'm a
lame-o Gold Strike Hotel and amble and
all we call my lobby this is the biggest
freaking red drive-through this
billboard yeah whoa whoa what's huge on
the biggest thing thing like that that
I've ever seen I want to see you dance
under Neath that real quick I don't
girls girls girls gone wild at the Gold
Strike Hotel and gambling hall girls
girls hey that is a suit you're gonna
get it get it you're gonna get arrested
for drunken intoxication wait a minute
isn't all intoxication drunken
intoxication what I meant to say is
public and talks of drunkenness so
you're Carly's dialogue does work out
some good dance
Viva Las Vegas darlin I'm hungry well I
guess we better eat then it's time to go
to the buffet or in Las Vegas what are
you getting you guys are starting off
with the mashed potatoes and gravy and
right off from the bat I'm even gonna do
a little bit of salute first that looks
good tortellini some brown stuff some
other Browns what are you getting dogs
and carrots healthy choice Brougham
that is the classic dinner of baby tard
watermelon and mashed potatoes and gravy
is that what you love don't forget your
apple pie huh maybe you don't want a DC
what is that
such triple-layer chocolate round her
thingy thingamajig don't forget a slice
a carne they're baked dard
to add to your weirdo dinner and some
rice huh alright alright I see what
you're doing I like what you're putting
together here oh dude you got your rice
in the gravy scrape it off that spoon is
as big as your femur bone place has cool
chandeliers man some big bulb
chandeliers you just want to sit in the
booth that's the biggest booth I ever
did see you can fit 12 sized full-grown
adults in that booth come on dude let's
booth it up softer on the bump well
we're not staying in Vegas but at least
we hit up a buffets it's good huh a
yummy let me see take a big bite see I
mean prove it to me I want to see three
big bites right now go take a bite dude
you got one of everything ninja a roll
some chicken a pile of cheese every two
year older has to have a pile of cheese
next to a Steve McQueen racer watermelon
ladies over here always eat the
watermelon even when they are a deer
instead good that's good dad that's good
not staying in Vegas but we're just
gonna have a little buff a treat and
then up push on through we're just
trying to get them to be tired so
they'll eat a lot and then you guys will
sleep no farting in the van because I've
already hotbox the thing with
flatulation disgusting The Phantom of
the Opera is there inside Yo Ma
both pushes that roll don't always push
his head remember of rock turn he was
leaning against the glass and he surely
oh yeah he was making faces he's making
crazy faces whoo everybody's lubed up on
lip tea law when did a lot of some poker
some buffet now we're gonna make it back
to California who's ready to fall asleep
in the van you never fall asleep
let's go Pippi longstockings retired oh
she fell asleep already huh she's awake
she's awake who's got a ruby red
slippers it's time for the California
inspection they do an inspection to see
if you have any California in your car
any California in your cars a California
inspection do you have any California in
your car I don't know don't know if you
have any California nothing we just had
to see if they had any California in our
car it's a California inspection there
might be a couple specs so funny
seriously infection of Kelton jokes all
day long drop a light okay sorry bro
I know you're watching your movie okay
I'm sorry
Jesus you 20 in the mold
sleepy sleepy family they are sleepy
sleepy sleepy family they are sleepy
sleepy sleepy family they are sleepy
guys home guys hey guys
oh you can't beat up to him Oh we'll
just sleep in here tonight see you
tomorrow here is all the distractions oh
you tell me
he's really he's filming sorry guys Rock
turn we were just reading the scriptures
back in Los Angeles back in LA hey hey
what can you say hey hey back in
laughing that's a lame song I'm sorry
for putting you through that we're back
in California Rock card is stealing the
video camera he's trying to take over
the vlogs he thinks he's a star or
something he thinks he's like the
real-life Truman baby you know I guess
he's been on camera every day his entire
life but his plan the entire time he
says I'm gonna take over by the time I'm
2 and a half it's mine oh mine so we did
not do a podcast today we were at the
recording studio though because me and
Colette did a Christmas song together
I'm kind of nervous
because I like to sing but I'm not I
don't consider myself I don't fancy
myself as a singer so that's gonna be up
next Saturday I think December 1st oh
sure
you fancy me fancy your fancy fancy
pants and then so we have two Christmas
songs we're doing together one is kind
of a Casillas one should we tell me what
song it is no we're not going to tell
you you'll see in tomorrow's vlog
actually because we can record a little
bit of it anyways we'll see you tomorrow
check out yesterday's video and check
out the new podcast with Sun thar he's
the cutest little boy ever
okay see you bye oh my
