this is the aftermath we got a Christmas
tree the stars kind of there we got kids
we had dinner and we just got back at
2:00 a.m. this morning
thanks to 2:30 excuse me gotta give that
got to give you those 30 minutes babe
Shea was the champion of our lifes
yesterday I drove for maybe two hours
the whole time and shaded the rest and
we all fell asleep and he pushed on
through to the other side plank on
through to the other side everyone likes
it baby that's what you don't know I hey
nice socks
well they look fab fabulous oMG is that
like a fashion designer and you probably
will you deserve it baby I love you
thanks for driving us make you white I
don't know what you're talking about
Golden Grahams s'mores yes maybe we
don't have enough for a whole batch but
I have enough to make a little bit more
chocolate then we will anyways so yes
it's been a wild crazy day we made it
back at 2:30 a.m. we were in time to go
to church this morning what'd you do
we're not having s'mores now and you
guys still the chocolate chips on the
ground
Oh dirty carpet from your dirty little
grubby feeder you distracted much more
stupid a place that you go I do that is
the biggest pan I've ever seen we're
gonna have you with the golden gravis
s'mores since we don't have enough
Golden Grahams all right it's cooking
you're not having any stuff in your
mouth sweet I would have done that too
that's usually what I do with all right
babe thanks thanks for helping this is
what my house looks like seriously we
got rock-hard cooking
dad spinning baby tart in the pan and I
don't know what surprise okay it's calls
for one baby boy babies I gotta drive
the truck truck new verse
good job now baby turn how many
chocolate chips did you have in your
mouth can you tell us now are you still
chewing them you're crazy you're
cray-cray here's the long and short of
it everybody he's late put my kid in his
pot we did our lives okay you guys ready
to go back to school tomorrow where's
your spelling words at sim daddy took a
nap
go get your words what is polling sent
meaning when we went to vote for
president we went to the polling booth
baby in a pot nice he's not a drumbeat
what are you doing that to him where'd
you learn that from alright anyways
we're so exhausted we've got two more
weeks of school and I get to go back for
Christmas yeah I'm excited about that
you don't hire who didn't clean up after
their dishes
mommy tard that's your spot that's true
we had salad spaghetti that toast I was
good toast really wasn't too shabby all
right our lives and shambles or housing
disaster were horrible people see
tomorrow says who
bingo okay baby tard pay up sucker and
these are son turds words he has to do
this entire test for tomorrow name
family small family spoke you come to
spell wordiness yeah sometimes in your
mom's Church talking a lot she's full of
worthiness then I have to get parental
spell decade what's a decade ten years
you haven't even been alive a decade yet
I've been alive 3.2 decades
okay if you've been alive for four point
six decades how old are you add a kid at
a kid yeah genius even go places kid you
go on places in this life
if you've been alive 7.2 decades how how
old are you okay if you've been alive
for one century and two decades how old
are you know one century in two decades
I'll just give you this hint a century
is a hundred years a century one century
and two decades how old are 100 and no
120 oh you mad you didn't get it
what from Idaho a pot of toes it's a pot
of toes and you guys before we're gonna
start shipping calendars the 2013 Shay
tard calendars next week I think
probably right on Sun tarts birthday
creepers Oh My heavens my mom had you
that scared the crap out of me I thought
that might be the first time I drop
really kids really really excited about
what's gonna be on the back calendar of
this year's what I say
I'm really excited with you in the back
page of this year's Shaytards calendar
yeah it was a last-minute idea that we
had and I didn't know if we could do it
or not because a couple different
reasons but it worked and I'm really
excited for you guys to start getting
your calendars I think you guys will be
excited and I don't want you to tell I
want it to be a secret I want you guys
and I'm excited to see your feedback so
we're gonna start shipping calendars out
next week I've got one yet go to Rodeo
arcade come get one all right there see
you guys tomorrow are they busy spent
all right later baby over the pot
pok√©mon is looking hot possibly
capacitor
