hey I made this thing go and touch that
thing that was hovering through the air
and you just have this it's like this
cool feeling you know I mean when you
make this thing touch that thing four
three two one guitar baby pictures
rockets undeterred and yet the family
have fun there are eight by receive in
their favor
shoots you somebody that you gonna shoot
to clay pigeons we are behind the scenes
of a hush in with LaVere shoot hold on
are you getting a shot here I need that
one what you do engage your ager good
just having a runny nose out here in the
freezing weather dead shells sometimes
hooking this up camo camo Rambo alright
good - don't miss some bro-heem excuse
me sir excuse me sir exactly fun just
make sure you clean up your shell so you
can keep this environment pretty
that's message from me Logan okay and
keeping your environment pretty do you
keep your environment pretty Oh penny
just hold the gun up like you're gonna
shoot that thumbnail for his video
jammed up got a pump it back all the way
guys nothing better than seen him just
go it's like I made this thing go and
touch that thing that was hovering
through the air and you just have this
it's like this cool feeling you know I
mean when you make this thing touch that
thing
okay so here's Logan's hat because he
lost the clay pigeon shooting
they're gonna put all three shells
that's probably almost like alright
Philly fans it's cool now I dude you get
street cred bro
you guys our old friend
oh I've missed you Donny Donny Donny
we're for out dog Donny he said we're
forever
wherefore art without Donny Donny Donny
we love you donate there he is
still up there mr. Donny the dart ladies
and gentleman hanging in for how long
has that been man
Joe like it's been over a year well you
fell to me with your new Kimber oh yeah
once you filled Donny the dart up there
this is awesome this sweet camera yeah
you got a good shot of Donny Donny Donny
Donny what you doing up there daughter
just hanging ten ten months or so that's
nerve Dart we've shot up on that window
and it's been up there forever and we
named him Donny the dart if you don't
know this inside joke do I get your toes
okay huh mr. trampoline man we got gage
Ranger and rock face McGillicuddy on the
triple look at the cuffs of his shirt
matches the cuffs of his pants
dude you're knocking his chocolate chip
cookie everywhere bro you're just better
than they are I guess you're amazing
let all that rock face get up do it
you're tagging his head into the
trampoline
and you - just cookie to pieces come
here rock hard let's see your toe whoa I
see your toe let me see your toe come
here let's show daddy man you're cute
are these little people love you guys
think rocky needs his own jump in time
help him up all right go back going
there you go yeah freezin it's cold out
here huh you ain't gettin your present
till Christmas time free present er
drawn give me a present already
you have fun rock face
okay so Colette is doing their concert
and I am babysitting you want to see how
many kids are here let's count off 1 2 3
4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13
Nino's oh there's another one in there
getting changed I'm watching 14 kids no
big deal I could beat him up at once if
I needed to there's 14 get in here
number 14
sit down number 6 sit down number 6 you
crazy man
all right ready play charades you guys
ready we are here at the end slain hi
everyone it's a beautiful day in Utah
it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood
beautiful day for my mom to come shoot
up your hood I've wanted to shoot up a
hood before don't stop there she'll get
into it all right so here's the end
slate we are visibly busily what are we
doing right now we're at dinner we're at
a Mexican food restaurant in Utah yes
we're ready see you the waitress is here
we're doing an insight with the waitress
maybe we can see we get the waitress to
say hi on the in slate well she's on the
other end of the table there's 20 of us
here we are here celebrating Braley's
baptism yes we're so proud of Braley
yeah son tired too hello and then here's
Rob tart how's your toe better he's
probably gonna lose this toenail
honestly it's starting to get black you
can see that it's definitely gonna
probably one of those that falls off but
he's fine he's been running and jumping
around he jumped on the trampoline he's
wearing his shoes again so he'll be fine
but he'll probably lose a toenail and
I'm gonna get it and I'm gonna drill a
hole in it and wear it as a necklace my
little baby's toenail will not be
discussed
they can go with my marathon toenail
I've lost a few tail and I was running
marathons me and Rob tartar just fellow
toenail losers
alright sorry the vlogs short today
we've been busy with what family I just
burped because I'm eating chips and
salsa we'll see you tomorrow on one take
Sunday ok bye
