I can't put my arms down
Elfi mater Ralphie just put your arms
down when you get to school now what she
says turn around
let's see that code then give me a spin
marui seven times i needed seven spins
one two faster faster three faster great
a half spin more you didn't finish the
spins well that would be funny emergency
room trips are fun and exciting that's
good vlog footage honey you got to think
in terms of good vlog footage these
people want action don't you you want
emergency room at ooh thumbnails are
gross whoo I'm ugly dang it I hate being
gross and ugly dude have you got up to
like seven hacks on that sack yet bro
need a hack that sack more sufficiently
well I've yet to see more than two so
unless you're making up fibs I need to
see some action that's to get three
right now if you don't get three I'm
gonna tackle you in the store that's
just back to life too
honey we hold this real quick are
several something to do come here I want
to see three right now three what go
you just knocked over your dog girl mo
that's pretty good hey sorry come here
dude it sounded like it hurt what are
you guys doing you guys are building oh
you guys are stuck under the couch what
happened you guys how'd you get under
there
Oh what are we gonna do nothing we
didn't do nothing
we should have filmed with them there's
a there's the other YouTube family
called our little planet they came and
hung out with us that's why I'm so
sluggish yeah I know yeah I beef and
bacon
once the beef and bacon you have to be
from bacon where's the big bacon
I'd always kick all the bacon bacon to
yourself I can you could even say beef
bacon bacon bacon bacon beef and bacon
bro push the red button
no the red button on the back well my
chart help him figure that out dude
you're almost three years old you should
know how to work a camera by now young
man okay now you're running according
okay turn it and film yourself hello I'm
on vacation see how nice I'm working so
hard look at me okay baby turn Camaro
quit well she looks like a mermaid it's
no one favor mermaid hair pretty mermaid
us why does that man what makes that
mermaid hair french braids oh my feet
smell my feet camera down
leave all this footages jeez it's so
good Saturday be cut 1/2 already 3 ma
what you doing MA already it's the night
before you can't set it yet are you
gonna put name placards yeah can you put
set me next to that hot brunette in
there
yeah her name is Colette yeah by me her
hair looks good like that
Thanks you got rained on we were in
there you need to do that more often let
it get rained on
we got Cooper birthday presents what
curl our Lee no our named laman Lemuel
we're gonna get into great dance I told
Claire we're all aiming there's the elk
I killed you need to go to bed dude are
you tired mm-hmm why not this is a party
grandma's here with their puppy anyways
we're getting ready for Thanksgiving
where's the turkey mom turkey Lurkey
Duke mom is in trouble because when I
was in California I saw this report on
Butterball turkeys and then apparently
they're like mean to their turkeys but
mom we got a Butterball turkey would be
for naught if you didn't get the turkey
for turkeys its meatless Monday tomorrow
we can't have Thanksgiving turkey get up
turkey right so bad I kind of feel bad a
little bit I'm gonna have some turkey
pecan what was that a papaya that's a
papaya
she's got a pecan pie over here all the
trimmings Kobe what do you think excited
for leftovers oh boy there's gonna be so
many leftovers for you little God so
many leftovers
sweet what are you guys doing in here
you crazy monkeys come on let's take a
look at Carly's house to our house to
our house Tori look look at everything
look come here
look there's couches look there's both
sigh good oh there's cheese on your face
love with your whole heart not just a
turn the why doggies
love with your whole still figuring
about this is my third closet
fix that that was from my bed that's for
all my other clothes I don't know where
to go so I just thought we just saw the
new stupid movie guess guess what guess
what movie I'm talking about super clean
this robot tell what movie we saw did
you like it Twilight um I'm not gonna
let either a lot of press at what she
did to me but I did like it cuz I like
the story and Bella was beautiful she's
very hot I guess anyways I thought - I
don't like it Cooper's Cooper's bad
scene at the end was a quote I cared
more about Bella than Jacob or Edward is
that weird this is Carly's bedroom party
bedroom be a peacock she's a weirdo puts
weird things on her head hey Sarah
who sent Carly a letter with this
picture we just read your letter and we
love you I want to give you this
we love you more than this coat I was
really gonna cheat oh that's all I had
to offer at the time
tell me God's name is that allowed no
you know who you are sir
Sara M yeah sorry I'm you don't wanna
give away too much that lives at twenty
three eighty four never right that was a
really nice letter we just read your
letter that you sent to Carly and that
means a lot to us and you have probably
the best handwriting I've ever seen yeah
do you do you know calligraphy bro
that's really good anyway just thank you
that really means a lot you know who you
are
hopefully she watches this video better
watches video Sara I love you so much
I'm speechless I'm really kinds better
and I hope you know that we care about
you so go write what you want to say in
the letters on the fridge mommy thar
looks like Little Red Riding Hood in
this coat the better to smell you with
my dog that's the Wicked Witch no I was
low gettin bottom you were jealous well
it's another Christmas baby you can
always top him alright
we just saw it Twilight so now I think
she's a werewolf with that she's gonna
turn into a werewolf for that hood it
looks like looks like oh okay while we
were gone at the movies there was a
little emergency rocked hard poor little
guy dropped a weight on his toe he's
asleep right now he picked it up how is
he so strong I just 45 pounds show me
how he did it
don't drop on your toe can you pick it
up dude your little two-year-old brother
picked it up show me show me how you
picked it up can you pick it up so he
picked it up high enough to drop it on
his toe that kid is a super baby
these are forty five pounds this is like
a 45 pound weight and we were gone
apparently is he like things like yeah
so he probably just dropped
oh man especially on the cement poor
little guy he's asleep should go look at
it let's go see a sport to home
oh I didn't get a warrant it's green
because he has to Anela polish on it
that looks like you don't it landed
right on the top of his toe too strong
for your own good bro you're strong wash
it off source sad about Little Rock
Tarts - oh I feel so bad we're gone and
just like well it's bleeding a little
bit but it's okay it was like oh it's
just like a little cut it'll be okay
you're home look I don't know like oh
it's worse than it looks just cuz I had
like blood cuz he was sleeping and
rolling around on it so I had like blood
all over it but we cleaned it up it's a
little bit swollen and we elevated it
and put a little bit of ice on it but
he's sleeping fine weed should we keep
checking on it
in the morning you know get them a bath
to wash the blood off to see actually
how bad it looks and and I mean can they
do anything for it if it is but if it's
broken you can't do anything about a
broken tongue there's no toe casts you
ever seen a toe cast think about it well
that's not a toe that's a hand toe a
finger is a hand toe and they don't have
finger foot casts anyways pray for a
little boy all right
happens to every kid you see kids with
broken arms and broken legs it's just
one tiny appendage he'll be fine he's a
tough kid I can't believe he picked up
that and freaking weight all by himself
hey zebra pants baby tard couldn't even
pick it up she tried to pick it up and
she couldn't I think she was scared to
drop on our toe I don't think she tried
as hard anyways he'll be fine we'll
update you in the morning well good
night when we wake up tomorrow it'll be
turkey Lurkey dude a turkey Lurkey do
right Adam Sandler he's funny
love you that is rude watch your manners
apologize
say you're sorry I'm gonna need so much
I'm not gonna care we never work out way
we should run in the morning so we don't
feel as guilty rise high faster running
eat some turkey do some fartin do some
napping this is gross all right whatever
you call her princess flatulation
sometimes a joking I'm making a joke I'm
making a joke I just joshing you okay
see you can act by looking we don't
really have any Thanksgiving traditions
yes we do what are they
we ate rolls and pies and everybody does
that crap that's a Thanksgiving
tradition we always spend it with our
families we should go scare extended
families my mom sent me a picture of
Idaho and there you had like six inches
of snow already that is encouraging you
want to ski this year yes on a ski or
snowboard
