good morning all right
I am here in Utah at the what is the
station ABC for CW 30 it is for good
things Utah the moms of you are gonna be
on good things Utah this morning I guess
it's a live morning show in Utah Kaylie
watches it all the time when she is here
and a little bit nervous but not really
I mean it's just gonna be a quick
segment about the moms view it's
exciting it's a setting that we get this
opportunity and Kaylie was so pumped
because she watches this show all the
time so was one of those things like oh
my gosh I'm on this show that I love but
I watch so they buddies wish me luck you
guys don't have a jump in bed to bed
jump in bed to bed it's the best thing
you know let me see you do it okay let
me see you do it go bro can you jump
jump jump here he goes
oh nice if you've never jumped bed full
bath bed to bed in a hotel room where
you got it every hotel when you ever go
to you have to jump that to bed anyways
okay I'm watching I'm watching go whoa
good job so we are in Salt Lake City
Utah and mami tarde is gonna be on TV
here's excited to see her it's gonna be
on this show called good morning good
things Utah it's this show on the
mornings it's kind of like a Good
Morning America but it's in Salt Lake
City it's called good things Utah and
we're about to watch her on TV yeah good
things Utah
oh good things Utah all right cool and
you know what it's on ABCABC street and
the butler's good lately
first they invite us to be on the
American Music Awards and now collects
on good things Utah ABC channel for love
you ABC maybe you want to give us our
own TV show you guys should all tweet
ABC and tell them to give us our right
right guys yeah
serious so the lady's gonna be on here
Carly Kaylee and Colette three C's of
hotness and hairspray hello hello hello
mister boy jumping on the trampoline
you're gonna fly like Superman oh yeah
hello hello hello hello hello here you
know what could decide if you're the
ultimate in bed to bed jumper you'll
start here and you go bong bong bong can
you do that let's see
triple bed jump yeah right that's the
politically correct now shall we hurt
what are you doing
rod rod is stuffing all the pillows in
the drawers every drawer has the pillow
in it
why is Stefan is there are these the
pillow drawers we want to see the mom's
view good things you have you seen the
moms view it is on YouTube and it's an
interactive weekly chats those during
five young moms they're all from right
here in Utah today for you to meet them
we have collision Carly and Kaylie all
family sister-in-law she came to you
want to start a who's that mommy on TV
that's Carly
Kaley's
yeah absolutely interactive yeah we've
had about anything from parenting to
fashion to our first kids really and we
try to answer your comments try to be
really engaging and interactive with the
viewers is this everyday or or is it
once a week we have a once a week show
and is it structured like the view or is
it one topic one show and you really go
in depth I think we like try to choose a
topic there's my sister like whatever
your hair looks pretty
we're talking about birthing and it went
from sort of thing to talking about
breastfeeding in public to talking about
horror stories so it just sometimes on
like the chemistry of the conversation
and where it goes you try to come up
with one theme idea for each the
chemistry of the conversation goodbye
the beanies yeah not really scary is
this oh she's so beautiful I think we
want to bring attention that there is a
place for content on YouTube I bought
that for Burt Valentine's Day we're
trying to you know show it to the world
are you heard that and we've done really
well in it meaning people we've gone to
meetups and just having people be able
to relate to us just because we are
willing to put ourselves out there I
think has been a blessing for all of us
and just makes us feel like okay this is
going somewhere we're doing what we need
to do a party show what you love - well
we're we're getting ready to do the moms
and watch Katie
what do you think it isn't that pretty
cool
your mom is famous I'm so proud of her
let's go get it what is this check this
place out
you're like these classes it's a piece
of art they're plastic pieces of art
okay you run by here and I'll try to hit
you with this okay
don't be a wuss why are you always such
a wuss random art yeah our kids were
sitting in the van while we come out
here and play we're driving by them like
you guys staring here I want to look at
this where this is yeah that was cool I
wanna take a picture together some
random little art exhibit I guess it
looks pretty okay guys we checked it out
turns out it's just some random plastic
tubing what did you see us playing in it
are you mad - eating it - complain it
I'll just tie it's just a chore to get
all you guys in and out of your seat
boats yeah it's just art yeah but I've
logged it for you so you guys can be
sure to check out the vlog these are
good Idaho let's blow this popsicle
stand we out of here Salt Lake we're
going to Idaho you do whole haha talking
about promiscuous potatoes there it is
we
that is the best I know some I think I
have ever hung heard Hey I've ever hung
hey good news Brenda Starr this just in
the new Idaho song is what you just sang
that's the new Idaho national anthem you
see it again for us
baby tired with the choreography - that
was some sweet dance of David hard rock
tart is more excited than anybody he
can't wait to be in the spud state once
again hopefully there'll be some here
but for now it's just a sagebrush
wasteland oh great what these are
unauthorized pets their names
chicken condo where's the hot tub they
lay eggs they lay eggs and Gobi doesn't
attack them
man why do I feel like honey mustard all
of a sudden honey mustard go get him go
just wrap your I'm read don't be scared
you won't do anything I promise
princess sir what do you think we're
gonna have them for dinner is that cool
no you couldn't you love them Hey Little
Red Riding Hood you look beautiful hey
Rock guard you got some more courage now
see if roc-roc hold this chicken baby
turn they don't hurt as much when they
buy it this week you gotta fall down
like this so they fly at all oh yeah
where do they fly to Jessica
yell back your eyes out what do you
think
this chicken has large talons sorry bro
bro just talk about your large talons
don't be offended man you got some very
large talons large talons little feet
it's a Napoleon Dynamite quote Mon you
open your popular culture references hey
guys so it's just a little taste guys
just a little pain we're having a
contact that's why we're practicing
we're having a concert this coming
Friday night after Thanksgiving it'll be
Friday night hold on I gotta get all the
info everybody pay attention to me cuz
I'm most important one in this family
okay are you ready
what concert info please tell me oh
stage it calm Oh search Kelly more and
you'll see Kelly and Colette Family
Concert yes and what time is on Friday
but basically the links in the
description so you don't even have to
listen to my long drawn-out stage in
today it's on Friday at 7:00 p.m.
Mountain Standard time yes Oh a
fistfight at Walmart and just watch us
and was dead it's gonna be amazing I'm
gonna have all of us us four and then my
brother Adam is gonna be playing the
bass so come go find all the information
there because I'm not I'm gonna
slaughter it if I try to tell you so go
find the information linked below and
come join us Friday night all right okay
what you want you can pay as little as
10 cents now you're poor you know it's
like a million dollars because we won't
complain
the first one I've had this year yep
that hits the spot
brought to you by white fudge Cali
ricotta join the party it's gonna be
serious and at the milk remembers this
room we used to live here hey George
we're back you remember us
don't talk to me you never come around
no more never come around no more so
we're back in our house in Idaho it
feels good to be back in the walls of
our own home and this oh I just broke it
this bed super comfy let's go see what
the kids are doing
here's wanna see what the kids are doing
they're sleeping they're supposed to be
sleeping what's going on in here what's
going on in here rock card what's he
doing
from appropriate dr. H yeah what's he
saying what he doesn't know anything
inappropriate Rock Card you said fart
dude I think you need to brush your
teeth blue mouth don't you did you fart
hard from now on I want you to say
flatulation it's the more politically
correct term this cool is that you're
owning room the nerve of some people
yes yeah I think you're gonna be hearing
that a lot come here Rock guard let's go
brush your teeth
oh no don't fall you guys remember this
bed this is the bed that we had forever
ago come here we're gonna go brush his
teeth here's blue mouth
he's got the oh hey Dad hey we brush his
teeth for me sure
scrub them looks like the toothbrush
that grandpa was using that's grandma
tarts makeup brush that's grandma
towards makeup brush they grandpa was
using here let's brush your teeth with
this hey Rock chart ready let's brush
your teeth say cheese
don't tell grandma okay don't tell
grandma los se√±ores
and senoritas kisses logan mckay 55
doing the end slate for the new
Shaytards video it's pretty
action-packed we got your family humor
in this video I hoped you guys enjoyed
it I didn't see what you guys filmed so
I can't make any references to the video
but I'm sure it has children in it and I
swear you gotta come to my concert
alright so go buy some tickets to Katie
let's family concert it'll be pretty
dopey don't watch when is the concert
listen you guys don't go waste your
money on that what you really want is a
shaycarl shirt go to Rodeo arcade calm
and check out a stop woman get off me
Isis Mac I will smack you I hit a woman
I'm not afraid Wow stop pinching me
they're identical stop
touch me not anyways you are the
crossroads in your life right now ladies
and gentlemen there are so many options
what will you do click or click or clack
anyways thanks for watching we're at
home it's raining that makes me pee oh
do you know that stands for physically
oriented I'm physically oriented what no
censor pee owed
anyways if it was a little bit cooler to
be snowing but it's raining flat All
Right see you tomorrow
this ends late suck they're having a
tough time with that right now
yeah that's why you said it all right we
love you sincerely and genuinely fill my
heart poke your finger in it it's kind
of squishy okay I love you see you
tomorrow
