hi I'm login here good morning it is
time for soccer games and football games
again it's raining today too
oh it's so close Gillian so we're
waiting in the car till the last minute
to go out watch the game
Shane is at the am a rehearsals today
hot rocks hard soccer huh soccer yeah
yesterday we got to see Taylor sweat
tears remember that yeah it was crazy
cool it's awesome I'm super excited to
see the AMAs and to see Shay hosting
he's gonna be he's gonna be so awesome
basically because he's married to me and
I trained him I taught him everything he
knows
just kidding he's gonna look really good
because they helped them pick out his
outfit right Taylor Swift sing at a
listing of the Taylor Swift song very
chic oh okay your grapes to your grades
practice a minute and then wool and the
wool
perforce you guys know who dad is to see
today Justin Bieber's rehearsals right
now okay Juliet you never have to be a
man I love you dad together
it's a story baby just say yeah yes did
you like the song she performed last
night did you like it sing it princess
hard time it's a trouble trouble trouble
trouble you ladies you know what someday
you're gonna be on stage singing like
that if you want to if you want to you
could I want to alright let's make it
happen alright quick mother and the baby
mother and the baby Rock charts day stop
it
girl hotter oh goodness oh and I forgot
to tell you guys I have a sinus
infection which actually I don't really
know if I have a sinus infection that's
what I think I had and so I was telling
the doctor all my symptoms and he
basically didn't even check me he just
said yep that sounds like a sinus
infection
I'll write you prescription for
antibiotics I'm like okay and then later
I got the prescription I was like do I
have a sinus infection maybe I don't but
I'm gonna take it because I have been
all clogged up right here for the past
three weeks
so anyways it was just kind of funny how
he let me be the doctor I told him what
was wrong and he just said you know what
I think you're right you have a sinus
infection that our nice little setup
here with her umbrellas so we're not
going to get too wet today and they
started the game nice get he's on
defense right now and he's always a
little bit bummed when he's on because
he likes to chase the ball around but
got me a team player you can't have a
team you don't have all parts right yeah
hi dude that's so hard to watch because
I just want to jump in there and kick
the ball you're such a kid what I can my
hands nice all right time for foosball
except for the other team didn't show us
so they're just playing a scrimmage
right now
there's one member from the other two
why final break the finals race what
okay I'm ready okay are you racing up
Oh looks like we have a problem about
how the rules are supposed to go you
gotta set the rules first you gotta set
the rules first and then play the game
think I didn't give him a bath earlier
hey what are you doing are you making a
mud pie well you're the only one that's
gonna eat it hmm this is one of those
moments where parent you just have to go
you know what spreche your shoulders off
it's okay he's - he's - okay it's cool
it's cool dog we'll just clean it up
later
okay okay Rock card CK mom ha ha ha oh
my goodness oh look they're doing it do
we've got to learn it from somewhere
right well son Tarn is doing a scrimmage
today other teams still not here so I
guess it's just a scrimmage day I think
it's probably because it's the weekend
before Thanksgiving so everybody's
probably on vacation yeah he's having
fun play hard are you a puppy show us
why you're a puppy and pink show us why
you're a pig oh look at the hose you got
down later he's gonna get the hose and
hose you down she's trying to eat this
orange dog getting dirt on it you're
doing pretty good you keep trying this
is good luck there's rutgard he's got a
stick he's mad at something scrunching
up his nose again
hey baby you're playing an older team
right now that's not even in our league
so it's gonna be exciting
oh the other Park that plays canceled
all of their games but they didn't
bother to tell us so we all showed up
and we're ready to play a nobody showed
up so we challenged this older team that
was here already to a game so now we're
playing the older tombs exciting it's
sugared Bay and the ice cream man came
around he had a bat man you got a bad
man you know that you had a Tweety Bird
I don't know why but I don't like bubble
gum bubble gum an ice cream they don't
Batman how about you baby tart
she got a watermelon cops mama see a
naughty - so their team's doing pretty
good so far I've been able to watch too
much of it because I'm chasing this
little band around and I thought ice
cream that will detain him for a little
bit until the sugar kicks in you guys
pretty started just made a vlog and now
she's tweeting it to Rosalinda and I
said who's Rosalinda and she said she's
kind of like Denise she makes my videos
for big hero you want to walk ok so let
me just tell you what happened we're
here driving in the band hi how's it
going good ban ban get people people bad
bet we're headed home for Idaho for
Christmas for Thanksgiving right what
where am I in the world and I'm still I
didn't go to bed till 5:00 in the
morning last night because I was up at
any
the red carpet vlog we drove we drove
last night after the red car after see I
did it to getting their talk we went to
the American Music Awards last night got
home at about 10 o'clock at night had
some dinner
finish packing got the kids in the van
about midnight and drove till about 3:00
in the morning just cuz we wanted to get
out of LA to get out of traffic start
havens program in about midnight
it was fun are we gonna leave yet it's
already midnight yeah yeah she had like
her bag in her suitcase already so we're
headed out and I just left the brat back
see if it discharges vlogging with her
live show me your vlogging device this
is her blogging device and then she was
going to tweet it to Rosalinda so that
she could edit it oh I told her to start
I said here I want to just take the
camera and do the real things you know
I'm to waste that's good blog put your
waste hair take it over there close that
arm out straight keep the blocking arm
strong okay hi guys just going to Idaho
and I never going to Las Vegas really
punched and then we're gonna go back
but
school for a week
so we are at pH a.m. Oh us that's right
I have done a flashmob in this very
casino and I haven't taken a shower
since yesterday's red carpet trip I
still have the grease in my hair can you
tell Ahnold you need to work on your
doubts more on though they're not as
defined as they used to be kiss on that
startled maybe tart do not touch
Arnold's obliques he doesn't like that
he's ticklish Oh
how does Arnold Schwarzenegger laugh
alright let's go ladies quit touching
the big strong naked man everybody's PHA
MOU oh no we got a flash mob breaking
out there's a flash mob in the casino
there's a flash mob ray that casino
let's go check out our flash mob right
here we did a famous flash mob a couple
years ago I think it's been how long ago
was that
you guys aren't joining the flash mob
two years ago check out our pH plan
Hollywood flash mob
it's crazy man I remember being in here
doing that crazy times man good times
again by accident it's the big swimming
pool the waterslide
I forgot
try to find something but I couldn't
find anything so hurry up and get down
I don't like that closed for winter
hours so nosy okay just a little one
daddy's crazy
nice
that's right
Google fall
watch run ready
I'll get it
happy stars yeah
I love it
and this
without fault
she's got it down
Burning Man
our Great Trek northward has almost come
to an end
I see mountains with snow in the top of
them because we're in Idaho we're almost
about to cross the Idaho border actually
we're still in Utah but we were almost
Oh who's excited to be home its bratty
kids every two seconds are we there yeah
you know why they always like say that
movies cuz kids really do that crap they
really do ask you every second no we're
not I swear if there was a strangling
button on this minivan I'd push it I'd
be pushing it every second what
seriously the first person to install a
strangle button on a minivan got my
money any day I'll buy it right now
anyways check out yesterday's vlog the
behind the scenes look at the American
Music Awards on the red carpet such a
crazy experience being right there I
could have tackled Nicki Minaj she was
right there
it was crazy if you watching the footage
and she's like walking like go to go in
the thing I go Nicki and she's like
looked right at the camera so it's like
you know me and Nicki Minaj you're like
close tight and then I didn't I said I
love you to Taylor Swift I should have
said it some thought of something witty
or funny but I was like I love you
Taylor like some little 12 year old
nothing that not that there's anything
wrong with twelve-year-old girls but a
32 year old beast of a man with a bulls
beard like mine I love you Taylor
check out yesterday's vlog it was such a
cool opportunity to do that I am looking
forward to many more opportunities and
experiences like that I really had fun
and I'm excited hopefully I'll get asked
back to do different things like that
but it was a lot of fun anyways we're
almost home excited to be home for the
Thanksgiving yay
Idaho All Right see you guys tomorrow
