day 1 of American Music Award rehearsals
check it out s Carl Butler I got my own
parking spot that's pretty awesome first
parking spot I've ever had that had my
name on it
right there bucket list 1 item checked
off in the parking garage in the parking
garage alright check this out these are
my co-hosts that are gonna be with me on
the red carpet Tristan wild eat and
share Sean Kingston
hey Sean Kingston I love your songs a
grammar couriers begorrah
I think Fragger house key Kimberly Cole
and then down here Lance Bass me and
Lance Bass have parking spots next to
each other
that's cool Nicki Minaj is doing her
rehearsal right now anyways we're
heading to a very magical place two
words for ya if Dino's sweet which means
like free stuff yeah we're good to go to
a gifting suite so we didn't bunch of
free cool stuff and I'm excited to see
what's there so there's all kinds of
stuff going on people doing you know
reviews red carpet like all the crew is
building the stage the stage is just
gigantic different sets for different
performer
ted's comes raining out here and it's
just a hug it's like a little city
everybody just getting ready for this
show and like some of these sets are
insane just watch the show you saw the
show this is after okay first up is the
coolest headphones I have ever worn
check this out you can turn up the
volume by just touching the side
currently rihanna and jay-z are busting
in my ear earlobes the parrot Zeek dude
they're wireless touchscreen on the side
you can turn it up change the song right
the future man this is the future I wish
you guys couldn't have these on right
now you're so jealous so the American
Music Awards is hosted and there you
have this new eco cycle thing where all
of this furniture is made out of like
old coke like shipping stuff and it's by
trade that have three in them and they
just gave us basically this hand all
these bags and even these beats by dre
have recycled old water bottles in them
so they're doing this thing Eco cycle or
they're using all these water bottles
like make new products really cool save
the earth
cheston's playing a game you just put
your iphone in there got rekt dude don't
get wreck and there's like guns you just
put your iPhone in this and then all of
a sudden it becomes a game for you like
a shooter first-person shooter say tell
me what you just told them tell them
what you just tell me that when you put
it on your head tingles and you get
smarter you think of IDs no you're a
shower you have the best ideas it's
because you're using the team de lis
head shampoo and this is the stuff of
insurance
Lance Bass just killed it on the just
dance stage I can't follow you dude you
have those moves down
they get professional just dance dancers
so Tristan is getting his nails done
right here at red carpet manicure okay
tell them what's going on okay so
basically for every nail that you get
done they donate $100 to the Red Cross
and I'm from New York I'm Staten Island
New York so because of the hurricane
that just hit I have to donate as much
money as we possibly can back home you
know to make sure that everybody's good
so I'm getting I'm getting a full
manicure that's right ladies and
gentlemen all ten nails Tristan is
getting them painted he's gonna look so
handsome you're gonna leave it on for
the red carpet am i right no no you
gotta believe that is a great
conversation starter when Justin Bieber
comes by you can exhibit by your
fingernails repent he's repping to that
yeah so that's cool yeah a hundred bucks
per nails so he's gonna get a thousand
dollars to go to the sandy victims in
New York that's awesome that's like
black light yes there some discoloring
it and you do a good job at that you
must have done this before Staples
Center so here we are they are building
the stage there's the American Music
Awards the carpet this year is made out
of recycled bottles everything this year
is definitely about eco-friendly and
like you know using stuff set up all the
stages right here's where all the
talents as they call them we're gonna
walk right down here there we are here's
the stage we Trista nitrous is over
there on the phone we are on the Fiat
party at the coca-cola red carpet this
is uh they're interviewing Sean Kingston
right there but they're building out the
whole stage right now it's kind of like
this horseshoe pattern that people will
come in here and they'll have like
different media outlets this is gonna be
our camera we got this big jib and
Tristan I'll be standing right here and
it'll be shooting this way into like all
of like the celebrities coming in but
here's the stage
and that was Michael Jackson no who is
that
oh it's Twilight duh get am Edward punch
his face in alright
that is a day I am headed home we just
did a celebrity bowling thing at Stryker
anyways this is a crazy day and you
can't help I can't help but to just
remember where I have come from and just
being a dude and hi-de-ho who hated this
job working at a granite countertop
Factory
and just wanting to do something else
just wanting to enjoy what I did for a
career and somehow someway in that weird
story of mine I stumbled upon this and
now I you know one of the co-hosts on
the red carpet at the American Music
Awards and it makes me very genuinely
thankful for you guys that's the reason
that I'm here
it's cool it's really cool I don't I
don't cry no I really appreciate you
guys watching and supporting our family
and so many different ventures that
we've done and had so many cool
opportunities because of this whole
YouTube thing it's been an insane ride
and I sincerely appreciate it especially
those of you who have been around for
four years who have watched us have been
through all these crazy experiences with
us it's really exciting all right I'm in
my truck I know fellas weird vlogging in
my truck and the safety and the confines
of my own vehicle my program director
who hired me at Z 103 if any of you have
been around that long when I was a radio
DJ back in Idaho when I got my very
first gig in the entertainment industry
I remember because if any of you know my
story you know that the way that I
became a radio DJ is there was a morning
show and during the morning show they
had this segment called the answer is
never dirty and they would always ask
questions that would seem like the
answer to the question would be dirty
but it never was like 28% of women said
they enjoyed this in bed and the answer
was silk sheets or you know whatever but
that was the like the gist of it is that
the answer was never dirty and so
anyways long story short one day we
started calling in when I worked at this
granite shop and just some of the other
granite guys we would call in and one of
them called in and said croquet because
you never knew what the the first you
know you had to start it out and then
they would give you hints and you could
get closer to the answer but one day one
of the guys said croquet and so then we
had this little there's like three or
four of us that every morning we'd call
her in the morning show and try to get
some twist on croquet like we would call
it and say is it croquet weekly is it
croquet shoes and I got through so often
and so much literally every single
morning I would get through on the radio
and say something about croquet so they
started calling me croquet Shay and then
they said one day they said if you've
heard this story I'm sorry but some of
you guys have
it's kind of cool to relive it but I
kept calling in and one day they said
okay if you'll stop calling in and
bugging us we'll give you your own
segment and that is when I got to be a
judge on another segment they had called
dog house Wednesday on Wednesdays I'd
have you know husband and wives
boyfriends and girlfriends call in and
say why they're in trouble and then the
winner got they think the prize was like
this really nice hotel they got to stay
and I got to be one of the judges and
listened to the stories and then comment
with something funny or quirky and then
the opportunity came up where I was
driving in my car one day and on the
radio said can you talk do you like blah
blah blah and they were hiring for a
weekend DJ position at the local radio
station top 40 and so I was like I don't
want to do that so the program director
I knew him so I called him and I said
hey this is Shay you know I had a little
segment that I didn't get paid for being
on that doghouse Wednesday I was just
like I would call in every Wednesday and
it was just like I became a personality
and so he said he doesn't pay very much
and I know you have a family and it's
like you know I had to drive 20 or 30
minutes to the radio station and he said
you sure you want to do this and I said
absolutely like every time every
Wednesday when I got to call in to be on
that segment it was so exciting to me
because I loved you know using my comedy
or I loved when I could make them laugh
and it was so exciting to me that that
all of a sudden became an option as a
career and it wasn't very much I think I
got paid as a radio DJ at the very most
I think I got paid 850 an hour eight
bucks and fifty cents an hour to be a
radio DJ so if you aspire to be a DJ you
better be sure you live in New York or
LA because you don't make very much
money and radio DJs out there know that
but just the thought of like I will be a
radio DJ you know I don't care how much
it was like I'd almost be willing to do
it for free because it was just so cool
in my mind like hi I'm my name's Shay
I'm a radio DJ and so I remember that
moment when he said okay you got the
position he didn't even make me come in
and audition for it he just he gave it
to me so then I started doing weekends
on z103 z103 out of number one hit music
channel and I was on Saturdays and
days for like four hours and then I
moved up and I got the night show so
then I was on Monday through Fridays
from 6:00 to midnight and I had my own
radio show five days a week you know
five or six hours a night and it was
amazing just you know thinking of stuff
off-the-cuff and that's kind of when I
started getting into YouTube and I
started doing live shows on blogtv a lot
of you remember those days and it's just
built man that's been for you know
almost five years ago and it's just been
little by little and getting more in an
entertainment industry you know and this
whole YouTube thing has done what it's
done exploded and then you know we came
out to Los Angeles and you know helped
co-found maker studios and now maker
studios is responsible for over two
billion views a month which is insane
two billion monthly views is what the
network of maker studios represents and
there's over 300 employees you know to
think that I helped you know co-found a
business that has that employs over 300
people is insane and it's just exploded
and it has been a dream come true and I
never you know I always say it you know
it's a dream come true of a dream I
never knew I even had but it it's good
to be here and it's been an exciting
journey and I really do have you guys to
thank for it and especially those of you
who have been along this whole ride and
have seen all this and have heard all
these stories a million times if you're
new to the Shaytards blog's welcome it's
good to have you come on this journey
with me
but now tomorrow Sunday I will be
hosting the co-hosting the American
Music Awards on the red carpet and it's
such a you know thing about being a
radio DJ and playing the songs of all
these people that I've been meeting
today and we'll meet tomorrow it's it's
hard to like you don't I mean I'm
definitely having that moment where it's
like I can't believe this I can't
believe that they want me you know to
interview all you ever you know pink
Justin Bieber like all these people that
I used to always play their songs
this little dinky radio station in I doe
Co no.3 is not a DQ radio station it's
my favorite radio station in the entire
world anyways it's like come full circle
and it's just so exciting and it's all I
mean all the clichés are true the
secrets to life are hidden behind the
word cliche you can do something you
love you can find something that you
don't hate as a career you don't have to
go to school to get a degree to get that
piece of paper that says you can go out
and get a job that you hate and you work
at that job for 30 years until you can
retire and finally start to enjoy your
life make that decision to find
something that you can do that you love
and get paid for it and as they say
you'll never work a day in your life if
you do what you love and then if you do
what you love you will naturally be good
at it you'll be one of the best at it
and if you're one of the best at it
money will come so I know a lot of you
who are like whoa that's great yeah but
I have bills to pay so did I when I
started doing radio DJ like I said I was
getting you know like 850 an hour and it
I had to drive you know half hour there
and half hour back and it was just it
didn't pay well and YouTube whatever
started doing YouTube it didn't pay well
but because I loved it and it was so fun
I kept doing I mean we've made a video
every single day for almost four years
you got to put the time and you got to
put the effort and I love the saying
that you work your butt off for 15 years
and then all sudden you're an overnight
success it takes time and patience
anything in life that you want to be
successful at whether it's losing weight
becoming you know whatever your dream is
you got to know that the biggest secret
is patience and not quitting and not
giving up and those people who are
successful have figured that secret out
it's all about the little train the
thought he could I think I can I think I
can never quit never stop never listen
to anybody who tells you here I go I've
flipped into the rant mode but it's true
and I'm living proof and if you don't
believe it then I am sorry for you I
feel bad because you don't grasp it and
you just have the hope at least if you
don't believe any of this you're like
whatever that's all a cliche at least
have the hope that it can be true and
that you can experience this same
type of moment in your life because it
will happen if you work hard and you
don't quit and that's the biggest secret
is time patience it might take you five
years think about if you want to become
a doctor you have to go to school for
eight years you know it takes time you
have to know that from the get-go it's
going to take time it could take you ten
years it could take you 20 years but
whatever it takes is you know what are
you willing to put in to get what you
want okay if I ranted enough anyways
very nostalgic moment just thinking
about all this and being here and having
this opportunity and muy mucho gracias
me amigos I don't know how much to say
thank you to you guys and to everybody
who's ever believed in me or said about
me it just feels good it really
sincerely does and it's exciting that I
can do this and provide for my family
last night when we were you know here at
the auditions their son Todd and
Princess hard and baby tart they're all
sitting in these chairs right where
Asher and Justin Bieber and Kelly
Clarkson and Carrie Underwood and 50
cent they're all gonna be sitting right
in those seats 24 hours from them and I
was teasing I'm saying you're sharing
buttcheek seats and I like kneeled down
and I looked at those at my I really I'm
gonna get emotional now and I just
thought what a cool moment that my kids
got to be in this place and and I told
him I said you guys you see up there on
that stage I said some of the greatest
artists in the world are gonna be
performing on that stage in 24 hours and
you guys could be on that stage one day
too and it's and I was trying to teach
him the principle it's all about working
hard and not quitting all the people who
are gonna be sitting here and they're
all considered like famous people of the
world you can have that to it I'm not
saying don't get me wrong here know me
like oh you just want to be rich and
famous no you don't even have to nobody
has to know your name and you can be
successful and you know people have
different interpretations of success
whether it's just having a happy family
you know it's all depending on what you
define success as but those all those
same principles apply working hard never
giving up if you want to have a
successful tile business you know
whatever it is you want to be a painter
a musician you know you want to be
successful lawyer anything in life all
those principles apply to no matter what
you do and I try to teach my children
you guys think I rant in front of you a
lot think about being my kid every day
they're in this truck when I pick them
up from school I'm pounding that into
their brains so you guys like this is
all annoying when you sit and try to be
motivational you're just lucky you're
not one of my kids they have to hear it
all the time a collective I roll if you
please okay
how long is this clip okay I'll see you
tomorrow bye all right it's excited
boiled giome I'm excited okay so when I
was there today we went to what's called
a gifting suite which is basically they
give you all this free stuff because
it's awesome so I got a bunch of stuff I
don't know who wants what that's for you
this is called rocket fish you can plug
this into your was this into your phone
and then like watch your videos and your
pictures on your TV
wow that's cool this is like a I got
this because of the box oh my Tiffany
it's not a pink box I mean I've got a
black eye just my favorite color though
right this is like I think this is
crystal Oh guys this is really really
expensive stuff if you get married one
day and your man really loves you
they'll bring home the blue box what I
think there's like wine glasses or they
call them wine flutes but we don't drink
so I basically just got it for the box
from right here in Pakistan that I'd
like to make a cheers to my family I
love you very much
oh we love you oh that is
striker just wants to bubble tape or
bubble wrap yeah wrap it in the bubble
wrap okay sweet girl hi guys we're gonna
get something like Christmas already
oh this is a pop sugar this is like it's
a must half box just like a bunch of
different random things they do like a
monthly subscription and they like send
out all this stuff pop okay you're
ruining the vibe no patience here's some
donuts
wow that box weighs like eight pounds
donut go ahead here look there's some
mint oh I know you're gonna like this
whatever that is I bet you'll like it
ladies for this you guys are gonna love
it
close your eyes close your eyes and your
eyes close to ever put your hands up put
your hands up keep them close but your
hands close together
manoosh there's like a little I don't
know
they're like heavy-duty manoosh I don't
know not even gonna die I might get made
fun of what do you guys think and those
cool
taggart some claritin that's for anybody
who has zits
I got a watch a Movado wait you've got a
watch no bottle watch these are nice
watches holy cow you don't I mean if you
want those this is tingly head shampoo
this is for me
so you guys don't get this but this is
daddy's unless you want it yeah I mean I
was do you wanna she said actually that
this doesn't come out till next fall or
whatever I like it
oh look that's awesome used hold it I'm
still looking at my purse sorry sorry
ladies you guys want some like nail
stuff jeans two pair of jeans I got some
socks it's a really nice socks from the
rich or poor well looks like I don't
think anything for Christmas that
seriously I got so much stuff look
ladies there's some boys Nivea lip
butter some Polish red carpet manicure
really cool they were donating a hundred
bucks per finger not enough times had to
go to rehearsals but per fingernail that
they were like that you painted they
gave a hundred bucks to the Sandy Red
Cross really go away for the hurricane
in New York Montana that Tristan the guy
that I'm hosting with these are really
cool games Charlie would you plan but
put your iPhone in the thing and you can
like play all these games with your
iPhone you put it really yeah it's
really cool no way okay red
I'm not sure what's in here it's you got
totally hooked up this is this is cool
yes this is a mini coup pressure oh this
is from coup stick calm this is for your
iPhone it's like a natural iPhone
speaker I can't remember how they put it
in here are you like set it in here like
this you know sometimes you try like
watch a video or you want to hear
something in your it's like not loud
enough when you have no speakerphone and
you usually like
cup your hand around it cuz you like huh
and you're like maybe you're watching a
video and you cup your hand around it so
it's louder this you put it in there and
it naturally makes it like it amplifies
it it's really sweet I actually saw a
camera where I saw this icon I don't
know what I saw but this is really cool
I was really excited I got this okay
this is for when mommy and daddy know
some time to be together these are some
boxer briefs Oh daddy's man junk kids
watch your language
ladies Journal writing very bored I want
you to document your life's hopes dreams
and wishes that resolution your
posterity one day we'll want to know
what you did in 2012 your generations
mark it all down ladies ladies ladies I
got this next prize for you're gonna
love it
what about side door dude I'm sorry
mostly chance at this thing we have the
donuts ring erasers Oh about I got yours
you ready ready
you got the Xbox Kinect out of there
yeah Just Dance
Just Dance 4 oh my god snap my glove
ding-dong you can dance all your life
away there and this one is for daddies
these are called parrot Zeek headphones
that are wireless and they're like you
touch this thing
free yeah isn't that crazy they just
gave it to me that cool all the gifts
check this out
you wanna oh yeah it's shirt I got a hat
this is uh this is from coca-cola it's
called eco cycle there are there's one
or two plastic bottles in this hat they
like no way they recycle plastic bottles
you saw weren't something waiting for
you here's my phone case this has one
bottle inside it was like little bottle
inside it there you go
gonna hold that we're gonna go with that
I don't even know nice boring god
coca-cola classic Oh
check these out some sunglasses oh yeah
here you guys want some of these are
just dance but here's some oh the best
prize of all sand Chipotle Trenor
pretzel crisps ladies who wants the pink
ones first atashi OHS oh yeah oh just a
bunch of freaking cool stuff and the ban
yeah this I figured honey you can stick
your children in this okay
when your offspring so how much more do
you love me a thousand tiny
but listen you guys one thing I just
have to tell you you're not getting
anything for Christmas
these are all your Christmas presents
baby what a first thing they're like man
that's joking
all right the gifting suite is for it
it's my lucky day
oh really yes thank you
this is better first to announce it yes
for me a sports sack it's like a really
expensive brand they always have it oh I
like that
okay see you guys tomorrow
peace in the Middle East bye
