oh dude your buttcheeks gonna be right
or Justin Bieber's butt cheeks are I'm
so jealous you're sharing butt cheek
seats hi Rock chart is loving Annoying
Orange you're doing a good job every
time you get to London and get so happy
good job dude I think it's crazy that
you knows how to do that but yes I'm in
a doctor's office wow you did it good
job you know hey so I've had a sinus
infection ever since we went to Florida
to the Dave Ramsey thing on the flight
back my head got really congested and I
thought that it was just a cold and it
would go away but I don't think so I'm
still like congested up here at every
time I blow my nose it's disgusting I'm
not even gonna talk about it because you
don't want to hear about it anyway so
I'm hoping that they can give me
something to fix it so that's why we're
here boomer but playing Annoying Orange
and that's always makes everything
better
I can't put his own shoes on today check
out his new flip-flop look we got wrong
wrong shoes on the wrong feet and
decided to put them through this toe
instead of this one totally trendy
everyone's going to be wearing their
flip-flops like that just cuz you did
rock card
yeah
yes
she's laughing what are you doing baby
tarts pooping and singing Taylor Swift
Oh a cheeks hurt from smiling so much
um uh we're gonna go meet Taylor Swift
right now you guys one gonna be Taylor
Swift just want to go you want to come
with us son tart go to a date Taylor
Swift I mean meet Taylor Swift oh snap
Freudian slip what's that would you date
Taylor Swift may be dude let those shoes
holy cow are you going to the moon early
later today yeah you're going to the
moon
I'm pretty sly and fly for a white guy
anyways let's go me Taylor sniffed you
guys ready come on let's go you ready go
meet Taylor Swift what are you doing
you nervous you're not I think she's
nervous baby cos I don't know we don't
know yet we'll go and see it might be
just that we see her do her rehearsal
for the AMAs same chart you know that I
was filming I was filming when you were
singing in the bathroom I was and it was
hilarious
I didn't I didn't open the door let's
hear you guys sing that song together 1
2 1 2 3 marry me
yeah sorry baby
dude you're like non-stop hacky sack man
let's see let's how many can you get
what's the most you can get me
well most I've ever gone to five really
let me see dude let me see it three
right now what's the phone for I wanna
take Fisher's Terrace wish well who
wouldn't
I mean serious let's go what do you
think we'll have to see when we get
there all right daddy's gonna shower
we're gonna go hi rock-hard especially
until you I gotta go
right okay here we are
that is pink on stage she just got done
with her rehearsal this is what the
stage is gonna look like but more
importantly this is what deliciousness
is gonna look like
Oh more candy yeah so all the kids are
participating in the noshing of the
deliciousness tortilla bro Rock carry on
to that yeah me excuse me have you seen
Taylor Swift yeah she is
oh I'm gonna give her a high five do you
have your solo prepared for Taylor Swift
here
that's your solo thank you all access
you can get anywhere you do let's see I
can only play you can go anywhere I can
go anywhere you can go but wait
Taylor Swift to come do an interview and
then we're gonna go watch her do her
rehearsal
you see her guitar pack what do you
think you guys you need some help of
that bro
you need help you got that you're lucky
little boy aren't you
Ke$ha Lady Antebellum Kelly Clarkson
pitbull princess are do you want to sit
dude your butt cheeks gonna be right
where Justin Bieber's butt cheeks are
I'm so jealous
you're sharing butt cheek seats so I
want to sit on hushes butt cheeks so
weird
I don't ask some of the cross Carrie
Underwood oh your butt cheeks shared
Carrie Underwood's but the coolest butt
cheeks share I've ever experienced in my
life
princess art why do you sit right next
to him that way it's like you're here at
the show here sit right here then you
could be like atlas show location
she's even shy to sit in the seats here
dude princess tart came to the AMAs with
Justin Bieber and Usher which one you
think you're gonna take home you better
behave Biebs
dude I bet you a 50 cent is gonna be
whispering stuff and Carrie Underwood's
ear the entire time hey Carrie I got two
quarters on Brandis back there Carly Rae
Jepsen Chris Brown sitting right here
ludo Cruz Cyndi Lauper pink is gonna be
right here if you guys are watching on
the live cast remember Pink's on the
corner and then no doubt you guys no
doubt is back together did you know that
no doubt is back together Stacy Keibler
j.cole neo Carmen YouTube fellow
youtubers Carmen sitting right here
they've done well for themselves
oh the guy from Modern Family Heidi Klum
so exciting okay you guys check out
these costumes can I see it can I see
your costume
you guys are gorgeous I think I got
shanked by the dancers both moan Gotham
style boo boo goblins oh oh how
embarrassing dude you're doing that
guy's dance Steve don't take his dance
he's right there this is pretty cool
this is awesome so we this is the
rehearsal we're getting to see the stage
all the setups we just saw pink perform
or we couldn't film it because it was a
closed audition or rehearsal but Pink's
performance is you're gonna watch it
when you watch Pink's performance you're
gonna be like how is she doing that and
singing at the same time that's the
first thing princess tart said when she
was watching she's like is she singing
too because oh snap we have somebody on
the stage at the American Music Awards
princess card
nice move sit nice loose get me on that
stage one day there's just really cool
like scare Kent's EXO he's on stage but
this is the this is the arena man like a
Victorian patiently cool it's crazy
I'm happy for moving out what do you
think Kesha I'm happy tell Lady
Antebellum I love those guys hey you
guys I am so excited that we got to see
Taylor Swift what was your favorite part
about that baby tard I loved watching
her show he loved watching her show she
did an amazing job right yeah yeah she
how about you birth the start I liked
watching when she was like singing and
when we sneaked and we saw her say we
sneak sneak I'll get an e I'm like um
and we and we like we met terrible we
didn't really make it as is what we saw
her do you have the ups yeah Shay is
going to be hosting the red carpet event
at the AMAs tomorrow on ABC calm I'm so
super proud of them and I'm so glad that
we got the opportunity to go check out
Taylor Swift yesterday so crazy I every
time I think about I'm like what we just
saw Taylor Swift what's going on anyways
and go check out my video I made a video
I do that sometimes every once in a
while like once a week I make a video so
go check that out and we'll see you guys
next time
Ronnie I love your faces
hey guys I'm in a crowded room right now
doing an end slate I have never done it
ads late in a crowded place before
anyways right now I am at the American
Music Awards regards all Justin Bieber's
going onstage in 20 minutes and that's
really exciting I'm a 32 year old man
but I'm excited Justin Bieber I'm not
ashamed to admit it anyways be sure to
watch live on YouTube you can check out
the American Music Awards it's the 40th
annual they've done this 40 years in a
row is it's gonna be on abc.com or if
you're just go on YouTube basically
they're gonna have like this banner
anywhere on YouTube and you can click on
it to watch it live on Sunday tomorrow
Sunday November 18th it's going to be
starting at 2 p.m. Pacific Standard Time
that means 5 p.m. East Coast time and
then you can figure out all the things
in the in the middle but I'm gonna be
live on the red carpet
my co-host his name is Tristan wild he's
from the new 902 the new Beverly Hills
90210 he's going to be my co-host with
me and so me and him have been
practicing today and our rehearsal and
we're just super excited so check it out
tomorrow Sunday the American Music
Awards I'll be on the red carpet live
and then you can watch it live streaming
on YouTube which mean lock I'm kind of
nervous but really excited gotta go bye
