what I haven't lost you haven't vlogged
the golf darn thing with me we've had
vlogger fights and even talking with our
buddies Charles and Ally about have you
done anything today film anything why
I'm vlogging here anyways this is the
moment a moment of oh these are the best
moments of our lives oh snap somebody
has a monkey on their shoulders did you
get him off got that monkey off your
back
pesky monkey on your back always bugging
you we're just having the time of your
life these are the moments of our life
this is the moment right now that we
have to enjoy oh I know dude that's what
I'm trying to tell it but they won't
listen you gotta get the monkey off your
back
what's your monkey's name I love these I
love being with my family in my truck
we're all excited we're going to the
mall we gotta go up to a location that
has a red carpet outfit for Shay Carl
Butler to wear the American Music Awards
I have no idea what that update is gonna
consist though I wish we do this
interactively see you guys could like
tell me yes know on different items cuz
I really I think with Geordi rules in
these
I mean Pretoria rules in the fact that
like you know if more people say that
one thing looks better than that's good
but at the same time you have to feel
comfortable in what you're wearing even
if it isn't the best option if you want
rock-hard rollaway not out Butthead you
take two seat belt off and then he rolls
the window that locked it yeah can't get
out put your seat belt on I'm gonna
spank your face in get it on that was
fake it right in thank you
latch it up hook it up dog I know he
knows how to do everything he's a genius
baby he has an IQ of under over one
hundred and forty eight it has IQ under
three negative three he's still safe but
I feel safer when he has the whole thing
attached you can't undo the bottom
buckle the bottom buckle is to him it's
a five-point harness but he still has
you know latch on him because what I was
saying is you're so comfortable it's
what you wear it to feel confident yeah
Mariel hey I'm gonna beat you later for
doing that just say you know off to beat
him later Oh check it check it
I'm doing like ski things in mechanical
that bunny no yeah yeah yeah you doing
that I went in and side up won't look
the toy things can we play doc
definitely play please please be patient
I want to play yeah mission got a mall
Walker you got a mall Walker run a mall
at Walker you're running that's G oh
there you go she's walking dude the mall
stomp do the mall stomp oh I'm sorry
sorry sir I just bumped into a lady with
my bump I hit her with my bump and it's
a big fat bone - you not want to see
what ready oh excuse me
boom that's a big fat bump and a dog
that'll talk and he'll go for a walk is
the hope of Janice and Jen and mom and
dad can hardly wait for school to start
again it's beginning to look a lot like
the Yuletide season that's exciting
I'm excited for Christmas this year I
don't know what it is past years I kind
of like I can't believe they have the
director ations up so early I just
filled it this year I already felt the
Christmas spirit the other night we're
setting up the tree we put the kids to
bed we're listening to some Bing Crosby
on iTunes or whatever and me and mom eat
harder to sit there on the couch and
like just the sparkle of the tree and
just the right song came on and I felt
it you know how you know and you feel
that Christmas spirit it's like that old
nostalgia like
exciting times I know can you believe it
he's so pumped
I've already felt the Christmas spirit
this year it's on time I got I caught
the bug I got them all I'm all viral DUP
on the Christmas spirit
okay I'm already overwhelmed I've been
in the store for two minutes
I'm just like I don't know man I'm not
into this stuff I don't care it's know
me right I just sort of put like
flip-flops a t-shirt shorts and a hat on
backwards
I see like this dude I mean oh the food
doesn't have a top of a head I
definitely want to keep my head on
straight you know I'm not gonna do this
to myself I'm not gonna stress I'm not
gonna fret I'm just gonna like let
Colette tell me what she thinks looks
good and I'm gonna pull the trigger on
this I'm not gonna care so if you're
like Shay should have picked this no I'm
gonna worry about it pick something
looks pretty nice and I'm just gonna go
with it I'm not gonna stress over it
because I'm already stressed out I'm
already like I don't know should I try
to be crazy wear red pants I mean okay
pick me something out and I'll wear I
promise because I am not in the mood to
choose okay all right I'll why does my
butt look good enough your part okay
good you hold us thank you you guys are
the best helpers all right we may have
found our our favorite thing like this
junky top good god we got it look at you
on the elbows this is patty for elbow
drop something I was by that's been a
little yeah and I might have to make
sure if you like I just said
just remember to say sorry afterwards I
love that jacket look how nice you win
the American Music Awards actually you
like it bro we really want to know okay
let's continue on take more is good and
to top off the entire outfit nothing but
swag what do you think what if I wore
this that's like something you could
wear on the red Merrick I mean I feel
like that would be kind of like oh it's
just Corky's wearing a pink shiny hat do
you think maybe it looks better on rock
cars there you go no I don't want to
wear that stupid hat hair baby tired
let's see this on you I think this is
gonna yeah that is adorable yeah it's
doable smile look cute you're on the red
carpet princess card liking that you've
granola eater such a granola eater look
at princess Todd she has missed rate
Queen baby cards carrying the water
daddy card carrying the vegetables gotta
go to the small table daddy looks like
daddy's gonna have to get out the
checkbook what do you guys think you
guys in seventh heaven princess please
hello this is the one and only Prince of
Wales here at the Barbie land oh my
magical this is the most magical moment
of my entire existence how much is it
that's not no magical enough definitely
not magical enough right King Triton but
daddy I love him I don't know that's a
Cinderella baby it looks like mirror
mirror on the wall the Baathist vlogger
baby tired I love you you are so sweet
so she was asking me about my
grandparent while her grandparents house
and she was saying does cousin Taoiseach
live there and I said no she said I
thought I saw her in one of those rooms
and I said no all the rooms at Grandma
and Grandpa's house used to belong to me
and not Kelly and that's a deed every
and a Gorrell and everybody that lived
there and she said you remember what you
said that you've problems and then
you're trying to find a lovely man that
was born in your tummy to wait a lovely
man in my tummy yes so daddy was born in
my tummy No hold up Marie wine strike
that reverse it she said that I wanted
to find some children and I found them
in my tummy and then I wanted to find a
boy man so I could marry him
and it was so cute I love you and your
take on the world it's just so wise
maybe this baby's like silly well I love
you baby tart and Thank You shaycarl for
paying my wonderful boy man that I found
to marry and then babies in my tummy so
right now I'm headed to Qasim G's house
to go to this concert at the El Rey it's
like a charity concert basically to help
all the victims of Hurricane sandy they
get all these artists together all these
different people and they go up and
they're playing all Tom Petty song all
the money that's raised is gonna go to
charity so I'm
it's me pretty funny and chaotic Assam
are on a date night
beginning to look a lot like Christmas
and mess Christmas
Oh me and doing the laundry again I'm
super tired so I folded it all I'm gonna
go to bed and I'm gonna put it all away
before rock-hard but except otherwise it
would be all over the place again I
watched the movie Christmas story with
the kids tonight you guys remember Chris
you guys know Christmas story right
Christmas story with the kids love it
and I love it and I know it's worse a
few times but we always talk about it
don't swear it's a fun movie though and
I'm just super excited for Christmas
already
I would start Christmas November first
if people would let me it's starting
before Thanksgiving it's only a few days
come on it's only a few days okay week a
whole week the laundry is almost done
I'm super tired but I wanted to let you
guys know that I am in talks with my
family my dad Callie Devery and Adam
we're all going to hosts hosts we're
gonna hold a stage at concert when we're
back for Thanksgiving so I will give you
all the details but just so you know be
looking for that we're gonna be doing a
stage at concert which is a live concert
on stage it calm are you I'm a little
bit nervous because we haven't practiced
and you know months and months and
months so it might be a little rocky but
we're gonna get it a little bit of time
to practice and it's gonna be fun
get on the paparazzi on TMZ
shake it out this is Shay's jacket for
the AMF totes awesome immense I'm I
don't think I have told you guys how
proud of Shay I am I'm super excited
that he gets this opportunity to host at
the AMAs online their online red carpet
event it's gonna be so crazy cool every
every time I think about I'm like oh
he's gonna host the AMAs that is so cool
well you seen me on the red carpet
anyways I don't know exactly what is
gonna do but is basically gonna be there
and it's gonna be cool I totally just
reminded myself a princess card right
there I was just doing this because she
likes to do that a lot there hands she
talks with her hands and I think that
she had probably had that for me because
I like to do that too um anyways I'm
proud of you say I love you I wish you
were wearing this jacket right now and
you were right in front of me so I could
kiss you all over but he's gone he's
gone he went to a concert tonight with
Kassim and I'm not really sure who else
but anyways I just wanted to tell you
guys how proud of him I am and you guys
you're awesome stay tuned and I'll see
you tomorrow all right
second question anything bad that's
happened to me that turned out to be for
the best I'd say pretty much every
relationship breakup that I've ever had
I think I think that's the safe bet to
say that I can't answer this question
without getting a little bit into my
beliefs
