hi I'm logging here okay baby charge she
wants to show you guys how she can go
over the whole monkey bars and matter
sale let's see it oh good job
oh there good job I'm so proud of you
high-five oh I'll send it to dad okay
dad this is for you
say I dedicate that monkey bar ride to
Daddy it's happen I'm gonna go to school
hey you guys what's going on how's it
going I got my hair done today so we are
up at Universal Studios and we just came
up here to apply to be on a game show
there's a brand new game show that's
coming out to me and Casey and Ron hi
I'm Ron and Sam macaroni and Brett the
intern all came up here to apply to be
on the game we all got cut except for
Brett and Brett Swan that drove so we've
been sitting in the car waiting for them
because they cut us we didn't make a cut
weren't funny enough or whatever forever
residental they're judgmental they don't
like dudes with half grown beard
somebody in case you have a trick that
we're gonna play on Brett he already
feels bad because I just know Brett he's
such a nice guy and when he found out
that he got picked to be like in the
last group to be on a TV show and that
we got cut he was already kind of being
like oh I'm sorry like he felt bad plus
we have to sit here and wait for him
because there is still in there like
having meetings to probably filling out
paperwork so me and Casey when he gets
in the car we're gonna just be totally
quiet we're not gonna say anything I'm
not gonna say where we're gonna sit here
and being casted did this once I can't
remember we did it too but it was
hilarious so when he gets in he's
probably gonna be like I'm sorry you
guys had to wait and we're gonna sit
here and be totally silent and we're
gonna see how he reacts it'll be funny
right unless we make him feel really bad
and I'm gonna film it but I'm not gonna
like put the camera I'll maybe like set
it down here
yeah I'll set it like right here we'll
just see how he reacts I mean in case
you don't say a thing okay so he should
be coming out any minute we're gonna sit
here just be like okay kids it's time
are they yeah they're used to cookware
yeah sorry I didn't find super-small
once you have to have big ones excited
dude I like to suggest what
you can do science them Oh lots of fun
with Bob hey you can't do that after you
pick up trash with them we are going to
pick up trash
son Todd needs to pick up trash for one
as we have his requirements for scouts
and so we're taking the girls on oh my
goodness that campers doing good mark
okay can you guys just put your gloves
on Street and go pick up some trash
already all right we're gonna go pick up
some trash clean up the urn it's gonna
be awesome and amazing and we'll take
you guys along for the ride oh my gosh
you're the most adorable thing with your
little gloves on my view is so adorable
is this mean I just had second thoughts
about this cuz he already feels bad he
just texted me and he said they're
interviewing me next almost done getting
it's mean what to not say anything when
he gets in the car to make receipts mean
but that's what we're gonna do it all
right
I forgot you gotta give him a little
crab right we'll let him off dock but
made a big deal about feeling bad then
we wouldn't do this yeah he did since
he's a nice person we're gonna tell
we're gonna yeah we know his weakness
now we're gonna exploit it
you guys look good tell me hit in the
older car you are we're purposely giving
you the silent treatment and that's why
we did it did you make it are you in I
want to tell you everything but I signed
a legal document and I'm gonna be a good
boy and not concede but there's a
producer right over there he's telling
us everything
no we just we tried I didn't have a good
time that was fun it was fun we're just
giving a crap came here for 20 minutes
should to the battery oh no the
battery's dead like a battery for Casey
started the car and then it wasn't here
just leave it off all the way off now
we're gonna be stuck here for even
longer oh this is good wait is that your
car no it just has really cool realms
that's not my dad I don't have jumper
cables glass oh oh no stuck at Universal
Studios you guys come help us oh crap
what are you doing I got broken
Judy you can win a car in your movie
gonna win the car on your game show you
says I'm gonna do it
suck terribly there so what are we
finding already cigarette Oh what come
on smoker stick up your butt already
take your butts up what are you finding
my goodness be retard you good skin Jean
has a good skinny hand to get those
little things from inside the fence
we're seeing most of the stuff on the
other side of the fence aren't we yeah
you guys are doing a great job let's see
in your back it's like Easter egg
hunting in trick-or-treating only a lot
less fun okay Oh yummy you ants have
seed on the moon you're something I
don't know we get out it should I pick
your nose you see is that's good cake no
in your nose or up your nose yeah the
worst part about having gloves on a oh
baby tired mom can you pick my nose for
me please gross okay all right let me
get you a tissue you weirdo would you
find put it in your bag it's
trick-or-treat smell my litter I love
you all right let's go find some more
trash oh yeah oh yeah son tired what was
your new slogan salute see it's a joke
salute
I like it baby tart are you tired of
this already she thought it was gonna be
way fun she goes I thought this was
going to be fun
it's not yes it is no it's not kids it's
not fun to pick up trash all the time if
you have a good attitude it can be fun
and if you don't litter then you don't
have to pick up trash right if nobody in
this world litter then we wouldn't be
picking up trash right now do you
realize that so I want you to look in
this camera and say all the people that
litter say you turtle you know you're in
trouble you're in trouble don't litter
don't litter
especially your smokers especially you
okay that's the majority of what we
picked up today is cigarette butts guys
come on over come on
we're saving Turtles from trash bag Oh
plastic bag that lifts up you climb on
the exemplar we're going to go in the
ocean they're gonna think that it's
jellyfish the turtles oh yeah how was it
again salute salute the earth don't
pollute and what was the turtle won
again Oh Oh what did it show me how to
be a man cuz I don't know how to do this
so red goes right it's pretty tough huh
yeah you starting part yeah okay do you
want join my kids fuck all right guys Oh
we'll see if it's the first try
thank you so much I really appreciate it
oh thank you thank you me first in a
talking well thank both stripe and and
and checks checkered in stripes
I feel like it's gonna blow up but you
gasp when it's neutral is that how it
works usually usually appear that car
down we did it you did it all better see
my gosh that's discos British artists
over here she goes mom it's like a
cigarette club over here drink alcohol
well I probably cigarettes or an alcohol
but you're right it's probably not a
good idea
yeah there's definitely ooh open her
Roger gloves all right since hard we
came to the school to pick up trash and
send tardis picking up trash and he
found his sandwich thing that we lost
forever ago where did you find it dude
over there see this is his we brought it
for him you found it that's funny
see what happens if you guys pick up
trash you find lost things have a big
bag of trash dude good job yeah you're
proud I'm the most one that got the most
try think I'm the one that got to lose
kill the Muppets kidney you bet oh yeah
wow you got to work hard you got to work
really hard it's gonna get a lot of
trash right started pretty good to share
her specialty was the cigarette butts
now please tell me that that's not used
one okay thank you
you get it you sat in the stroller good
job you guys now we saved the earth yeah
just single-handedly we made a
difference
good job guys I also earned something I
could pass it off in my in your Scouts
yeah but you need to remember that we
need to do this everyday we need to pick
up trash if you see it right and our
earth will be beautified play bait oh
okay
all right it's tea party time again here
at the Shaytards residence the girls
picked out my outfit I've got my striped
shirt flower skirt my green shoes and my
jewelry she picked this bracelet out
princess tower did this ring and then
some earrings that I haven't seen let's
go to the Tea Party I feel like this is
just a taste of things to come for me
lots of girls in the bathroom with
makeup and hair ribbons and things
flying everywhere
right right you're not flying only if
we're in a hurry right yeah mommy boy is
a favorite it is right here oh okay I'll
find it mommy I would sit right here
you wanna sit right here you do not
joshie well good for you sits are
fabulous let's enjoy our zits while we
still can
right right are they really fabulous
they're fabulous right discern yeah your
eye look gorgeous
thank you this isn't fun yeah it's like
this is just for fun until we're 16
right yes okay don't watch do it
oh I already found I want to try this
color look at that color I just change
my revolution here I want it here okay
you put it wherever you want you start a
new trend baby Todd yet you want to tell
us what you're doing okay say right now
I'm using right now I'm using uh I think
that's mascara actually this is eyeliner
mascara eyelashes eyeliner around the
eye okay I do that around there right
here right well go out those stuff that
light only I'm only mom will do that
because once you play with black it's
all over the place
no I'll do it sorry Rudolph the
red-nosed reindeer had a very shiny nose
and if you ever saw it it doesn't even
mean glows do you like the red it's one
oh dang twenty guys it's blue line oh
wow just keep going every layer had a
nice color on your eyes
fabulous don't spit you open it
let's see your face first let me see ah
lovely are we about ready for our Tea
Party no no okay well we can't take too
much longer because the boy will come
home and then I'm ruin our party oh yeah
she's like a girls I was wrong
we turned Christine your face oh you're
crazy
look up are you going for the wild and
crazy we got our lighter
Oh careful yeah that's my collection
don't judge
alright alright look at this fabulous
spread I think this is gonna grate Tea
Party and you ladies look fabulous hey
we're all meeting here now remember when
you drink your tea you must put your
pinky up that's how princesses do it
probably not real life but only my
princesses that's crap right yep look
what I stumbled upon a tea party yeah
definitely did stumble cuz you were
tonight
oh snap looks like rock card wasn't
invited either Oh living so it's not to
be rumbling this tea party Oh Qbert you
must share the tea and crumpets Hubert
Oh disgusting cuber this is funny that's
funny when Ryu bird beats up baby face
well shake baby face your eye makeups a
little strong don't you think oh sorry
beautiful maybe that's more Hubert Kimmy
and uh ya know me and uh me and fatty us
are gonna go ride horses gonna go ride
horses Hubert with me in Thaddeus Hubert
cured cardigan shake and shimmy and whoa
these are cute I can't even come up the
camera
walk on the roads okay whoa whoa you
know uh that is I don't think you should
get on I wonder do me wrong okay dude I
just why your feet that's what soccer
practice feet practice okay any call the
hospital called a long one take it off
get on get on go ahead okay three bro on
your video you're the army he thinks
it's so funny oh wait my frontal lobe is
the first step we're gonna get kicked
out yeah step through them your name
you're gonna survive baby
it's daddy daddy craziness my leader I
think you need to get on I'm getting on
the happy letter I'm still in my tea
party story you're on the very letter
better oh you're disgusting
baby darns laughing hey mister laughing
they're so weird
yeah okay all right are we done with
daddy letter talking
oh the fetus heart good job in sometimes
you gotta do some nasty things to climb
the ladder of success ready Oh ready
every watch out some reason to
definitely get hurt on this one sadly
didn't bu maybe this an area where it's
safe
yeah I'm trying to get in touch soon
here we go No okay thanks for the
encouragement bro this week in our vlogs
were showcasing the latter time on the
third run already I'm gonna bounce we're
balancing walk okay I need to practice
in bed Oh
curtsy lovely Bravo Bravo all right get
bed you losers we're gonna play a game
called one which kids set it mm-hmm dude
it's all live so like you if you mess up
it's okay like you don't have to take it
over you know what I'm saying like
you're used to when we you know do
videos we go do that line again this is
just like this is just talking and
having fun you can just relax and say
whatever you want
princess start relax okay say something
funny go
right so what came over plane today one
the bullshit is that
