four three two one guitars a baby
princess rocket are ya there by my look
how pretty those are
they're sparkling a lot we got uh snow
boots ready are you getting excited for
wheezing us no room so much because
we're gonna go sledding
we're praying for snow you're praying
for snow so that we can go sledding and
skiing and all of those fun things that
Idaho usually has to offer and we've
already gotten all our snow boots so I'm
getting excited
okay I'm ready that's ready you get up
every time no pressure you don't have to
be just like your sister you know she's
pretty awesome you're pretty awesome too
bad like oh okay we're gonna throw
outside
hey pretty girl
you totally cut you off labor lay on the
horn you read die blue I love you red
don't let me hit you in the head green
it's kind of hurt your spleen oh you
blocked with your elbow what color
rhymes with elbow orange good you're
right said what that was a question the
whole time you guys are saying door
hinge it's elbow these are dumb I can't
believe you didn't get that trick
question ha
so I was listening to this talk today on
our personal conversations with
ourselves that we have sometimes I'm
such a self-help person I love reading
those books and just I'm all about that
you know like self-awareness good person
I mean I'm always constantly working on
me I don't mean that to come now across
that way but there's an interesting
theory not a theory but a concept that I
heard and I wanted to share with you
guys you know how you have these inner
monologues with yourself you're always
like oh why don't you do this better
self or self I'm pretty proud of
yourself you did a pretty good job on
that stuff or you know we always have
those inner conversations and debates in
our own mind sometimes were hard on
ourselves we are our own worst critic as
you've heard the saying go the person
that I was listening to today nice kick
he was saying think about parenting a
child we're thinking about a father and
a son relationship in a sense where what
does that kidney what is it take has
trust me you guys all know what it takes
to be good parents because you let us
know all the time what does a child need
what is us you know I got a son need
what are the proper ways how do I say
this basically the gist what I always do
this I always like hear these concepts
I'm like whoa that's so good I'm gonna
vlog about it and then I try to vlog
about it I'm like so it's like you know
when you call just be good and I always
like butcher the way that I try to tell
it to you guys because I just hear it
once then I try to explain it and then
I'm not as near as a depth as the
psychologist that was teaching it but
the concept was this the things that you
know
that a child needs encouragement
forgiveness love all those things you
should treat yourself that same way the
same way that you would go about helping
a child overcome problems or you know
stress or struggles that's the same way
that you have to deal with yourself in
your own brain now that was interesting
to me to think about like another way
that I interact with my children and try
to you know encourage them and stuff
it's the same that we have to do to
ourselves tell ourselves like you're
doing okay it's okay you're doing a good
job just keep trying keep working I
don't know I should look it up I'll try
to find it so I can explain it to you
little bit better I just want to say you
guys are doing a good job have that
encouragement about yourself do nice
throw does that make any sense
Denise if that's sucked edit that part
out chuck it chuck it boom good catch J
I'm so proud of you you caught that oh
nice kick I guess the gist of it is you
know if you wouldn't badger a child over
and over and over and never forgive them
for their mistakes
why should you do that to yourself and
if you're religious you kind of think of
it as God doesn't do that to us He loves
us more than we can ever imagine or I
ever expect to imagine and - are you
gonna kick me thank you think he's gonna
kick me and then the dude that gave this
this totally poetic insightful insight
that I'm not necessarily doing he gave
this quote so I can look up this quote
to share with you guys this is Ralph
Waldo Emerson and I think I shared this
in a previous video but this is so true
this is so good it's one of those gems
you should always listen to and take to
heart he says this Ralph Waldo Ralph
Waldo Emerson says finish each day and
be done with it you have done what you
could some blunders and absurdities no
doubt crept in forget them as soon as
you can
tomorrow is a new day you shall begin at
serenely and with too high a spirit to
be encumbered with your old nonsense
you're good enough to be to know not be
encumbered by your old nonsense I love
that quote he says forget it as quickly
as you can so starting at each day new
that's why I always like that same today
is the first day of the rest of your
life because every day you wake up you
got a fresh slate and you can start
again so no matter how much you've
messed up how much you think you've
screwed up or you know in whatever
aspect this does you know relate a lot
to like health and you know working out
and losing weight but start each day
like it's the first day
you know forget all the old crap all the
stupid stuff you did you messed up
that's fine
everybody does start again fresh today
is the first day of the rest joy no sad
you hear me
kicking oh dude over the fence oh you
lucked out you lucked out sieving kick
it here I want a sweet spiraling punt
directly to my hands let me go here we
go oh snap broken window in the bushes
you said the bushes hey guys just
finished Scouts I had Scouts and then I
had a meeting because I came out and he
was so upset
because why tell them you guys hacky
sack stuff you see that big wound over
there
it stuck right there the top of the
window did you ask me who dressed ball
players to get it for you they tried it
and they just pushed it back further
they did with the sky so they didn't
they didn't try to lift each other and I
was telling center because that's the
only one that can do that because your
dad's amazing you're amazing honey but
since you're not here we have to figure
out something else so of course we find
a router right this is huge
oh look it's locked up and I'm kind of
like I don't think I could lift that
ladder but then we just fill in this
letter and why not right it's not really
technically our property and we're going
to interrupt this basketball game
24/7 you got it and we can't sacrifice
the hacky sack to the window we have to
get it so should we try it yeah I'm the
best mom ever
let's toast row the door saw the dog
yeah hey Rox where are we going Oh
where's that ass hey Davey tired all
right we got the ladder we're goons I
think we should go stairs dude if we
have a mess with doors we got problems
are you sure you got it yourself may I
answer this whole like behind I should
go behind you and hold back yes haters
are not my friends it's your hacky sack
dudes with money I know if it might be
right here I'm gonna hold it okay
sometimes climbing a ladder
my bad parent for making him climb the
ladder I could do it but if he forgot to
hold the bottom of it really flip and
then I hold on but I trust myself at the
bottom letter just don't let go don't
look down and don't let go come on you
can do it bro no look down I don't let
go don't let go
dad that's kid we had a ladder thanks
Church for having a ladder handy we love
you oh that's hot oh but that's nice
that's hot but it's not oh yeah
so where's mom give an update Scout with
son tizzle and we decided that we'd do a
little swim swimming well you wrote row
and row your boat row row row your boat
gently down the stream merrily merrily
merrily merrily life is but a dream
what University horse neck yeah why
don't you sing a song what is that song
you're singing before we came look down
here oh yeah sing that song no you're
not getting it twice you messed up this
Christmas song Santa Claus listens and
whenever you mess up the lyrics to a
Christmas song that's one toy taking off
the list
sorry I don't make the rules dude I just
enforce them I just inform them up
people I don't know what I do I lie to
my children that's what I do that all
good hole where did rock rock cards on
the deep end maybe I should go get him
now I'm vlogging hey guys one two one
two three four when the kids are
the memories when the kids go
Oh guys welcome to the one the kids go
to sleep podcast even though I'm not
asleep
