it's another glorious day here in
southern sunny California we've got two
of the coolest kids in the world with us
son tard hacking it up at all times
practice some new moves that he learned
on the Internet
what's this one you're doing step over
it what's going on you'll get better
it's Veterans Day so these guys don't
have school we decided to bring them
along with us be on the podcast first me
I get some juice all right so yeah see
you this nice coated up food yellow last
it is chilly I don't wear California
it's chilly in this estate are you
surprised
I live in Southern California I like the
shorts in the flip-flops she's my style
you never needed a cover I'm warm on the
inside you should all put it that way
guys
cover by Jackson here
everybody checks in Paris and just put
out a new cover check it out it's really
good all that stuff is on for us they
just juice a lot of stuff here this is
one of our favorite places to come to so
hoping to see
soups and all kinds any vegetable or
food that you can imagine they have it
all chopped up every morning we see dude
this is raw organic orange juice freshly
squeezed that's not from concentrate
that's the real stuff dog glowing
centers get purple
yeah it's purple inside there well you
can see our reflection
well the reflection in the coconut says
you'll grow up to be a coconut one day
purple nuts bro and there we have purple
nuts so this is what we do every Monday
kids is it weird when you guys are at
school this is what me and mom are doing
every Monday he has cared like yeah I'd
rather be hanging out with my boyfriend
in school you have a boyfriend she
actually does have a kid that she's bond
up and he's French he's a Frenchman and
you know what they say about the French
they are lazy competent I don't know
it's the one French line I know from
home alone
what up Macaulay Culkin's shoutout to
you bro is that Shay Carl hey Shay Carl
what's going on did you me on the
podcast
who there's Colette hey Colette he's
smelling something you smell it in the
microphone don't talk dude I had
burritos last week cuz its knowledge
burritos today we're gonna do which
could set it on the podcast with the
kids
it's meta it's very meta I mean
sometimes here right now in this ear
that coil you can hear your voice the
coolest California kids are there so
California look at him on set here at
the podcast
they acted upon don't love that vehicle
I'll be late for meeting allied truck is
jackknifed in the middle of the road
look at him he's in it he wasn't by the
curb
you got this bro he's trying to back up
into the storage place things totally
jackknifed that's cool those trucks can
do that you got it bro you got it easier
to move all their stuff that truck is
full of somebody's life all of their
couches and furniture and beds and books
and underwear you got a lot of traffic
that's getting backed up here I'm
waiting for the horns to start honking
get up on that curb hit those eucalyptus
bushes he's almost got it it's almost
got it it's not so bad coming out with
dad and mom on Mondays no that's a
little lunch little muchacho
oh that looks delish mommy talking went
with the soup and the salad we had a
little nacho appetizer a dirty for how
he knows one bite oh snap a dilly and on
your part you're gonna be hot for
jalapenos dude that's gonna be spiced by
spicy
oh you dropped one eat it oh you're
gonna need some of this
cirlewd to cool your mouth down that hot
dude wipe your face off jalapeno face
the burden chug in the water you can't
draw that was part of the thing you can
drink water for 2 minutes after figured
out hot things excited for baby guard
Sadie's for decorating the tree that's
our tree right I know you're thinking
it's not even Thanksgiving yet but we're
gonna be leaving this weekend well we're
gonna be leaving basically this weekend
is what Thanksgiving and by the time we
get back it's going to be you know so I
just thought why don't we just decorate
now because I'm usually like to decorate
the day after Thanksgiving anyway so if
we decorate now then it will just be all
decorated when we get back is that weird
maybe we shouldn't maybe we should wait
do you think we should wait to decorate
until after Thanksgiving
I don't want to wait either because then
our house will bill me it'll be
decorated for two weeks and then we're
leaving again to our Idaho so we won't
get to enjoy our decorated house that
long but I'm really justifying this I
really want to get right nowyou yeah why
not let's just separate let's do it I
think that we're gonna go get some more
lights though I didn't buy any more
lights to it more life yeah yeah lights
and pinecones and light bulbs and trees
we do okay we do not light bulbs the
bulbs like the balls the transducers got
lots of colors I'm Lewbert
- and I just bought some snow boots
because it's snowing in Idaho I am like
itching I'm itching and so happy and
excited to go home because we have snow
last year so Shay didn't get a ski we
can't go sledding we didn't do any of
those fun winter Christmas fun things so
I'm super good job little monkey girl
monkey girl you really do look like a
monkey when you do that do it again the
cutest monkey ever monkey pigtails
not everywhere you go not in California
it's not well snowing counted all the
lights and stuff oh yeah oh yeah how
about your baby's hard is that thumb
looking like Christmas well they have a
lot of Christmas trees and lights so
they don't have other decorations well
they go somewhere else by nose we are
looking for lights what else are we
getting breaking for them doing a
project for scouts I'll let you know
about where you earn me and then we're
looking for gloves so that we can go
pick up trash with the kids that's one
of the things that Thunder has to do for
scouts so we need to find some gloves so
you can pick up trash so you don't get
germs say you'll get diseases okay okay
Francis heard one piece because she saw
them Pippi Longstocking I'm sure that
you could get the floor really clean
without today but think about it think
about it because usually if they're
scrubbing on your feet that means the
floor is gonna be really messy you look
adorable
all right so what do you think of dinner
I'm gonna finish your dinner
you ain't pretty good I'm not sure
well listen we talked about decorating
the tree but then when I asked for help
nobody wanted to help and tried a little
frenemy decorating it helped
well after the third time I'm asking yes
but I should only ask how many times one
times I should say one time I say you do
this you'll do that and then you do it
from the one time not the one to two and
the three forty four and five just the
one I made pasta apparently it was good
sorry pasta I made pesto pasta I made it
a little different though because we
didn't have sun-dried tomatoes and I
usually like that little bit of
sweetness
I go to tickle you I'm good tick with
you you missed it just a minute ago he
was giving kisses and he was giving them
liberally and it was so sweet anyways
you weren't there so if I can pick up my
table right so yes I decided to put that
was a practiced hard thing I said be
sited I decided I decided to put what
what are you what are no cranberries
I put cranberries and and it still adds
a little bit of sweetness but it's not
the same as a similar tomato so I'm a
little bit like
I really enjoyed the nor that much
tonight but I'm gonna eat it because I'm
grateful to have it and there's still a
lot of talking right now I really know
what's going on in your head you guys
want some you want it oh by the way we
have to say it's unfortunate wait don't
eat that that one's per se great this
one's stuck over here this one's trays
you've been have that right okay but
he's asleep I think she might be me down
with something because he fell asleep
like an hour ago and he's just out and I
feel that way when I'm getting sick I
feel like I get a stirring decorate the
tree well I don't know if we can better
in between you know why why because you
are confused do you know why you're
confused look at your shirt Chris you
need to go show me that you know you
want to decorate the tree give me 40
Christmas push-ups she's been telling us
all day that's his money smart that's my
money give it to me he knows who gets
all the money
good keep going baby heard we might need
to work on your push-ups that's more of
a minor elbow bench thanks for your help
Proctor but that's not like playing the
whack-a-mole game there's one decoration
all right if you guys get your 40
Christmas push-ups in and you put your
Christmas shirts on we'll get some trade
Nick all right that is more like it
baby tard that is a great Christmas
decorating outfit pretty sturdy too me
too
and it looks like your appendages have
grown a little bit since the last time
you wore it but that's great I think
five years older than I wear it well
let's get this tree put together but
guess what there's one more thing that
we have to have before we decorate what
does every wow that's you but what is
every decorating party need to have a
star what else
it's way not Christmas yet but we are
gonna listen to Christmas music and the
thing that the girls and the baby play I
don't know where the guys are boys
anyone
yes this is apparently something that
girls like to do no boys specimens not
even Thanksgiving yet oh well I like it
you guys like it yeah rock guys having
fun
we got all most of our old ornaments
there I'm over half of them were cracked
and dead so we got new ones
Rajon this is pretty I like
oh you put this tip of the top top no
pie up there I'll hold you planning some
kind of funny no family imaginary game
and see what I guess you're done then
Congrats
mm go tell your mom Zilla she'll get you
some rock tart you put a decoration on
the tree you did a good job up itself oh
you having a Merry Christmas little man
say Merry Christmas it's gonna be fun
watching you open presents this year say
I drop the credits miss ornament here
I'll get it for you
there you go okay you're gonna get it on
the top now honey you know princes heart
killed us in her mind she's pretending
she doesn't have a family you know she
has to be able to decorate the tree
without our help you don't exist
don't you don't exist you can't help you
can't help you don't exist
you're just an angel singing peace on
earth and mercy mild God and sinners
reconciled joyful all ye nations rise
join the triumph of us do you want us to
exist now we could exist if you like us
to come back to life from the fire okay
good it's kind of top-heavy dude okay
so how many of you think that we're
crazy because Thanksgiving hasn't even
happened yet and we're hanging up the
tree we're not hanging up
Oh hacky sack in your face suckers or
merry freaking Christmas your wood up
this is Rockford's favorite toy and so
for a dollar at the store I bought a bag
of hula hoops and he's in seventh heaven
right now
so I'm tired using technology to blow of
his blood is it working I think it's
working there you got a flaw in your
system there
you're losing precious oxygen it's hard
to say precious awk I just oxes precious
oxygen I like watching him play with his
it's fun dude everybody get those butts
out of the way I'm trying to watch Rock
cards whoa slo-mo dude slo-mo into the
camera
I was excited
ergo mum good cash you get a see it
hacky sack retard if I don't get a ten
right here that sounds hard can throw
this and hit me in the back party okay
I say face
wait let it count why I touching the
hand that's why I want to just get a
shot of you guys doing the hacky sack
without the hacky sack there good job
babe you got the style down to spray
alright you ready for bed is that the
Jackie Chan hacky sack smooth watch out
he says so you're gonna get kicked in
the face that's pretty cool well we'll
see you tomorrow guys okay
