hi I'm login here that's a pretty big
toy toilet it's a pretty beat shot this
prettier why do you think it's neat okay
that's a good reason
meet me it means it's cool I mean it's
good
something's neat it's like a okay you
know it's good it's a good song why did
you say it was neat if you didn't know a
neat means okay oh no someone stole
Jimmy John's mittens don't say this
again good those excellent you're a
beautiful young lady wait giant frickin
flower in your hair yeah Oh drama in the
backseat with a two year old
what's going down dog it's a drama so
much drama man it's Saturday we're
playing sports when you play sports you
need hydration this is the hydration
station races Oh bro that looks like
it's delicious
Sam so there's no time your smart mom
super you've been around kids before
that's the most satisfying part
pouring all the ice on the beverages
what are you doing we just crawl out the
back window
back window crawlers yeah it is that's
gonna be nice and cold by the time the
games are over hydration station
complete let's go do some cheering you
ready
Kiril hey one shoe okay get the truck
nice right
right there Porter kick all right
clearing it out whoa
nice drivin dude okay son charge is done
with soccer and now it's time for
football this is the first week that
he's had back-to-back games he just
played a soccer game and then right
after hit and run over in the truck and
change on this football gear
kiss-kiss say football football son
TARDIS and effete it sounds soccer and
football so it looks like they have a
tough team they're playing this week in
football hopefully you can stay
undefeated
well hi say uncle hi dad hi
throw me a pioneer oh okay
I'm gonna go hide I see it
oh yeah tries to spinning it closes
my turn daddy it's not a gonna work out
somehow
oh you crazy kid do you think you're
doing he just follow you up there right
next to me you're spider-man huh crazy
kids hey you crazy kids
climbing all over the fences kind of mom
are you letting it get you dude
mojo up there and get you get your rock
jug off there okay um no oh my gosh I am
NOT okay with it
oh my goodness a baby is getting higher
shake oh this is ridiculous this is not
a jungle gym oh my goodness he's going
too fast
oh it's gonna break oh my god what is
your hideout you can have it she's not
mad because you've got her you know
because I caught him he was trying to
get up there as fast as he could he
wasn't scared cousin mad cos you picked
him up oh good job let's go on to soccer
played football
okay the game starts why don't you climb
up there baby turn stay say cuz I'm
smart mom alright here we go
Raiders okay yeah we don't want to get
some touchdown sons are taiking the ball
these are good centers way text message
just came in i think you're gonna go
with the hell marry here descent are you
guys remember how much Rock yard hate
scones he has so much hatred for cones
nice one dude tackle it here let's see
you tackle it ready damn once put dirt
in the top of it put dirt in the top
there that's good get a dirty before you
hit it what are you doing man why are
you doing that filling up with dirt what
does that do that a secret creepy that's
a secret east why we dig oh right oh I
don't even think about that cough that's
definitely a way to diss the cone by
putting dirt in its mouth huh you
feeding him dirt
yeah what does that does that make him
mad hey cheese man hey can you tackle
him now hilarious
yeah what's some of this Punk oh did you
turn that I push you on the ground sucka
where you at now yeah where's that dirt
that I put in there one with cones and
baby I've inspect this thing I want to
get in here safely
Oh daddy he's hitting me oh that
tribution is Swift
oh he's chopping my face our dessert oh
I'm dead
Hey look up here dude
look up here hi okay so this is what my
husband does for fun oh hey you know
what it looks like he looks like a
munchkin oh man got a coming sister
battler very weird I was trying it's
like wait that does look fun no man
let's go
Roger Cotes say is he mad three demerits
oh you didn't get mad at me cuz I'm not
a good day
not a good day on the undefeated team
loses worst one we've only got two left
so home will be able to pull out two
more win
hey guys so about the vlog I didn't
really mean to hit my mom I was just
joking I love her a lot
and I didn't mean I wasn't doing that on
purpose he loves me and I kind of I hit
him so in our house we mess around like
that huh oh started it I did I totally
listen ladies if you think you can hit a
guy you expected to get hit right back
uh-huh but not in this house so I hit
you all the time I just take it getting
I saw the comments and I was just gonna
ignore it but you guys we have a lot
stronger relationship than that I think
a lot of people are saying that send our
disrespecting his mom he's just playing
around there's a plane wreck we don't
teach our kids - we do teach them you
don't hit girls but you know we're just
playing around in the moment there's no
offense I know I'm not fat and I know he
was joking
we're cool bro we cool yeah coming cool
college baseball oh I'm hungry
that is gross I don't think you need
Lonnie whatever you had is call me fat
is called a not bad
she laid her dog hey you're such a good
dad hi guys just curling my hair and
wait who's for just my mom's coming here
and we're just having a good time right
and we're gonna end the trip from
schools like a planner and I'm a little
break and I know I'm not like boys and
um so I like I like you um what we're
getting ready for we're getting my
disorder right so we're getting ready
for the pictures for the cabinet door
more as you yeah a counter or the photo
shoot photo shoot for the calendar so
we're just doing that and yeah we're
just um comb my hair and stuff all right
and I just have to come so it covers her
well what she was wearing
I'm gonna be wearing paper doing the
Christmas one right yes today I'm gonna
wear something like um when I wear this
hair right but not right now if Starla
Grover but I'll film it when it looks
pretty and we're just doing that which
I'm wearing a dress that has a flower on
the side and it's really sparkly and
subtitles down
short dress I'm some tights and these
sparkly like gold shoes and I read
little Jack it was just like a little
jacket as I'm running in heaven yeah
hope you guys and I'll film this again
once my hair looks the way I want you
guys you look so big in a mirror I'm
looking at you in my hair look at my
fingers are so bad oh yeah mom check ha
ha ha let go it is out by ha ha hi still
going I've been yet ok guys hi guys
interesting if it's on it I just killed
my hair and I I told you when I'm done
killing my hair I'll show it and this is
what it looks like and yeah I just my
hair and yeah your hair yes okay and yes
my hair is we're just going to the
photos yeah let's just your hair and you
our guns are fitted shoes that's why I
have my hairdo with me so do you have
any other more important things not a
lot TV like we should soak this up this
doesn't happen
black TV gets to use one hand to another
question so okay tell me this then what
happens if you die today what happens to
you me yeah
