hey kids look at us we wanna remember
the time we went to Yosemite Hey look at
me
Oh our children I love them put your
gang signs to known no I wanna know hey
fella cool I mean real quick yeah we're
cool
huh oh crap backpack just ding it took a
tumble backpack tumbled alright alright
hi get out of here alright come here get
out of here we're leaving
it's time to get out of this hotel and
go on a cool episode
he's ready yeah well look out the window
and enjoy your life so what come on he's
exciting no how are you supposed to sing
oh you can look out the window and look
there's gonna be some awesome scenery
you guys could play games ha fun plus
you have your iPod listen to music or
you could sing the whole time no see
maybe it's got the idea alright here we
go everybody pack up all right I'm gonna
find a star playing I'm a flattest Joan
so I was so excited cuz we're going to
Yosemite and I'm thinking oh cool and
get some sweet drone shots well
apparently my dad sent me this thing
that was in CNN like you can't fly
drones and national parks so we're have
to be careful we're in the parking lot
of our hotel right now we're gonna test
it hour but I is this a park parking lot
we're taking off we're driving to
Yosemite today caravanning mom's getting
tired of waiting come on Logan get that
thing up in the air let's see this thing
yeah alligator jerky and kangaroo jerky
I could not EAGA Kingdom I don't know
about that either
I think somebody gave us some of that
when Australia right there's watermelon
local honey
what I love about California and all
this like fresh you know
look at the giant feet farm-fresh eggs
you finding some good stuff princess I
love it
weights national gummy worm days you're
coming here - I think every day is got
me one day right yeah got a watermelon
I've seen gummy worms with all the
essentials
these are fresh it's very right oh
that's an onion hey Collette did you see
that set of stairs right there right
there where you want you should walk
down those set of stairs AVI show Mom
where the stairs are head down yeah okay
see ya love you bye
give me some local honey and watermelons
honey Oh No Oh No
you're right great acting babe Oh gonna
get busted
Oh watch our comes your kid he's gonna
beat you up hey Gavin did go down those
stairs right there dude you didn't see
the stairs head down did did you catch
any pokemons Gavin's playing Pokemon go
you did come here I want to see what you
caught there's my momma hey momma here's
my wife Tran Byers my daughter
everybody's at the farmers market so
we're headed up to Yosemite National
Park and I think where we're gonna be is
kind of in the middle of nowhere so we
have to stop and get some groceries
before we get up there and it looks like
AV has gotten our so good
I got local honey I got a honeycomb I'm
gonna bite into it have you ever been
into honeycomb I hear that honey is the
most perfect food known to man it like
won't go back bees made this that's
mother nature that's real food right
there
want to eat that right no I'm so excited
you guys want to try some with me okay
don't try this at home
your mom and dad might get mad at you
mm-hmm but I bought this with my own
money see so I could do what I want with
it
hmm how's that disgusting it's so good
leave that oh my gosh I try that room
day that's crap this is the good sugar
right here mmm
was that blueberry yeah fresh blueberry
get it gonna drink some of my honey
juice sure not yummy
dad very so good natural here honey I
like real foods finally see the
honeycomb in there I know I want to bite
it it's like wax you can't chew on it
we're gonna get a fork and get it I get
that wax out of there we open that up
let's get that in Oh No chew on the
honeycomb don't you know I wanted our
farm-fresh eggs wholesale price behold
ladies and gentlemen boys and girls
people of all ages may I present to you
the one the only mother nature here it
is and you're left you'll see the
glorious waters of Yosemite National
Park
I see I see mother nature's water
Don Pedro leg people hey Don Pedro Lake
uh-oh this is where they robbed you at
Don Pedro leg they get you to stop this
guy's gonna beat us up
who's a bad guy you see bad guys where
what are they doing are they gonna hurt
us will you fight them oh those are
actually just construction workers you
fight him yeah I'll fight them dad
you're so handsome and brave and strong
what oh hi sound like you said you're
gonna mess up those mofos right there
I think I'll mess up those mofos right
there I have a request for a peach ring
you guys should I grant it
 grip check out this peach ring
request I want a boxer for you babe
alright you guys what's going on here
doing where do you guys think I learned
this from you see catching did you get a
selfie with him mom got a selfie with
the construction worker Logan and Gavin
are probably playing Pokemon go they
caught some rare ones at the grocery
store Ridge no I want to jump off this
bridge we're both going in the present I
do too so cool guys look at it like a
little lake look at the neck
mm-hmm oh wow yeah cool I like it there
goes the boat I'll shred our boat so
cool yeah
alert alert alert we're in a cool cute
town it's like a people Groveland yeah
cool town iron doors noon right here
some questionable characters be hanging
out in there and this is a cool little
city anybody live in Groveland
California by Yosemite mom I'm gonna
give some hats away okay you can pick
yeah
don't fight oh look at her collect
weather you two new sisters you are
gonna get it online yeah well there you
go save your dad some money right there
good to meet you guys thanks for
watching our videos be sure to rock
those tricks and hats yo yeah your hats
look the same I mean your hair your hats
your hat now your hats on can save two
there's dad all right well Yosemite you
guys got three of our tricks and hats
we're gonna give some to Yogi Bear but
now you guys got me so yeah looks good
Logan you proved summer tricks and hats
well that was cool so we just met those
girls their dad was so funny because the
one daughter said they said they're
gonna be in Yosemite dad we're gonna see
him in the dads like you're not gonna
see him it's a big park then sure enough
the first gas station they pull up to
there we are here's the thing she'll
know I know we're gonna see that she
said that hey uh I don't know she said
that but she is made - so then my mom is
like let's give you tricks and ads I'm
like no mom let's cost money she's like
I don't care let's do it like so then we
get more tricks and times so it's gonna
meet you girls thanks for watching our
videos and support those tricks and ads
because they cost money good
and my blogging and driving oops
oh shoot needed ifcs actually if you're
in the national park you can walk a
couple wait a second no that's not our
tenant - here we go
beautiful that is so pretty the
topography the climate the smell and
hair everything has changed
it's a whirlwind of pine needles and
bark crisps market person I don't know
but if you roll down the window and you
smell it's like giant pine tree outside
its coordinates guys jenna Marbles is
crazy this is the UT on this one is the
highest rating sounds of the week I'm
going to YouTube breaking through this
week is one of my favorite artists who
put out one of my favorite adorable
green light and we love your show
dude this was so crazy we were just
driving through Yosemite listening to
the radio and I'm like it was this DJ
talking about YouTube so like you know
I'm like baby I was like wait wait jenna
Marbles Incubus stars - you're beautiful
nihilistic around the age of 15 it's
lunch so cute
the cutest I'm not she just wins love
you Jenna and how cool is that makes me
so happy in my heart
mine too I feel love about YouTube is
like the so much success it has come to
so many people because they're all our
friends like it just feels
makes it feel great stop bragging cheese
okay Paul I'm like I'm happy right this
is it we are entrance you guys you know
who is gonna take our money as Yogi Bear
I sure hope so
hey boo monkey or yogi let's go get some
pickin you keep asking Oh yogi the
Yellowstone would be jealous toned yeah
least oh there are neither in Yosemite
we're here okay yogi hey boo boo let's
go get so picnic baskets
okay yogi that's pretty good daddy bear
Wow okay yogi they have like the hats
they have the Forest Service hats on I
love these emma's I dare you to run up
there and slap looking in the face and i
double-dog dare you huh this is window
down wait till they pull up a label up
today don't want you to run up and slap
him I just okay whatever you do Mason
would like to do wait you can't order
them no you can open that door up and
take oh this guy has a sweet beard all
right turn the camera off look I think
you're responsible oh my name's Ben
right now they just don't agree with you
oh yeah everybody tells you oh yes man
I've lost it this morning as a purveyor
of beards I grown to appreciate a good
one when I see it
I like this one with the word thank you
granule okay we're here there's good
beards and bears oh yeah hey yogi yeah
it's almost like the fire made it look
beautiful Wow
they burrow a hole
stop holding your breath I'm telling
stories
well I hope this reads on camera because
every other glance is another
breathtaking shot just pictures for days
when it comes to looking at Logan
because he's that handsome oh and the
scenery is not bad either yeah hey kids
look at us we want to remember the time
we went to Yosemite Hey look at me
Oh children I love them smile
Wow what look at that put your gang
signs to known Daxton come on give us a
smile is it too bright grandpa here we
go put those on deck stand got some
drama up here sorry a good picture okay
good
Jackson is usually the one that causes
the drama not a good one grandpa what'd
you do nice bed trees bye
I did a hundred yesterday 54 today up
and do 100 every day of this trip hey
you did 25 at the hotel I know she
started at 26 okay guys I just saw a
button in the road and I have a button
collection and I really wanted where is
it there's a clumpy as I was walking
down to see the button okay yeah I'm a
weirdo I have a button collection there
it is it's right there it might be stuck
I can't get it been pushed into the
ground no I got it oh my gosh
I got a button in Yosemite oh it's a
pretty one too look at it like it's hot
it has like decorations yeah oh that
makes me so happy I just gonna button Oh
congratulations
yeah you're married in Yosemite that's
beautiful like the best pictures
together is magical woman I got a button
and they are married yay I sit down and
my computer to see what you have done so
far today it's just nice see ya
it's just a cool family be good to each
other
