it's great so here's the story
Brenda starts to light into a birthday
party that was supposed to be on
Saturday but then they had to change it
to Sunday and she was so up
normally we don't want to work on Sunday
but they have changed it we are kinda
coming we came after church and it turns
out she is the only
and boys are kind of playing on their
own okay okay let's go try to get as
many tickets
by the game that was another chicken all
right
fruit ninja we're and try the fruit
ninja
okay all right ready
your facial expression
30 plus 75 is
well let's do the math
in our head
it would be 200
fifteen a giant pixie stick not sure we
needed back with the Halloween but
that's okay and I got the licorice rope
and look we have tons more tokens to be
bought too many tokens we'll be able to
bring the other kids back next time we
get ready I was a fun date huh and we
did see the boys a couple times but they
were pretty much in their own little
world
you want our friends to be most Oh
well print this chart finally gets to
drive her own car today super excited
and has been waiting in long and in line
a long time she didn't quite get her
driver's license but this time
the slowest car the whole bunch come on
very conscious it's good to be a
conscious effort
like Shay and I said in one of our
podcast that's one of the things that we
probably fight over the most is driving
I'm very cautious and he's very
assertive not aggressive with a tsardom
and that's good to be too who is that
Katy Perry and studio well you know it's
kind of a mixture of Katy Perry and
maybe yeah Jersey Shore Katy Perry I
don't really help I just put the wig on
I was like okay I have to have a voice
and this is the first one that came out
of my mouth okay okay
Monday morning meeting my blue here and
I don't know baby turns hair right I
don't like Shay Shay tour setting up the
when the kids go to sleep
banner got a new banner look at that
fancy hot passing it up skits watercolor
get some water go put up cousin Snoop
lion in the house that's how much way
you lost yeah this is a giant gorg oh my
gosh
for my drops this try to hold hold my
baby baby oh my baby baby oh my bumpkin
baby come on it's a heavy cuz a great
pickup line just go to the bar be like
hey you want to hold my pumpkin oh my
bigger than my kid five there's one I
love to carve a pumpkin that big right
that'd be like you do a sweet face good
we said lunch finish the podcast this is
like our normal after podcast lunch that
we have yeah you know Nick and Brett hey
I had the vegetarian banana USO all
right done with the podcast we actually
had some callers in today's podcast we
had two young ladies from England and a
girl from Boston that called in on the a
m-- chat it was interesting because the
girl in Boston said that their powers
flickering on and off and the storm is
about to hit so it's cool to talk to
somebody from the East Coast like real
time as it was happening so be sure you
check out the podcast now we're going to
pick up the kids from school
I just told Colet I said okay now our
real job about is about to start
most important most important job we
have our real full-time job is about to
start when we take these kids up from
school caring for these four babies that
is really our main purpose on this
service on your faces act like you love
them all right we don't really look it
as a job it's more of like a life
calling it's like our purpose the reason
that we're here that's why I'm so
grateful that we're able to you know do
these videos as a career because it
gives us that chance to be with our kids
and to raise them to be able to interact
with them day in and day out and you
know just be with them that's the most
important thing is just being able to be
with your kids and not having to leave
to go to an office eight or nine hours a
day so thank you thank you for giving us
this opportunity
please keep watching no that's like to
have I mean yeah we look through that
two dead and and it's a it's a mental
game like you you get so stressed out in
the job you have and then you come home
and sometimes you take those stresses
out on your family but really that's
when you need to like take your work hat
off put your happy mom hat on oh and
just go go get them that's our whole
purpose is to be a happy family you know
I'm happy cuz you're so freakin hot oh
yeah grab those earrings in the kitchen
hey how many of those still shots if
people set me on Twitter where
I like people like ji pause the video
right here and this is what your crazy
wife's face look like somebody make a
montage somebody make a gif of all those
crazy faces she just made and it to me
on Twitter go get the kids
yeah what I'm gonna text its from Brett
he's gonna hear it let's see what it
says unless add contains private
information yeah new totally that's a
priority absolutely well yeah we can
just go right after um well we'll have
to wait for the kids get out of school
maybe we can get him out a little bit
earlier anyways I'm vlogging me right
now wow that's about the calendar we are
doing a Shaytards 2013 calendar and
Alana is the girl that's going to be
taking our pictures for the calendar
starting November 1st pretty soon
actually you can go to Rodeo arcade and
preorder a Shaytards 2013 calendar 12
months of Shaytards I think it's like
the most practical thing that we sell on
Rodeo our cakes it's something you can
use that's something you can use every
single day of the year all 365 days and
we've taken some of you guys's
suggestions and comments about the new
calendar and they're gonna be you can
pre-order them November 1st and we're
going to try to start sending them out
December 1st so that you will have them
by Christmas I'll try
no we will know the guys not because the
patient really
yeah we're not set we're not sending
them this year the guys that rodeo
arcade are dang good at their job
personal don't get up champ
okay let me go get the gets my case see
you ladies good luck do you have some
good questions we'll find them hey I'm
with a scene by Colette and Kaylee are
going to the red carpet tonight to
interview the stars of wreck-it Ralph
john c reilly Sarah Silverman
whose sous oh that's the name of Sarah
Silverman's character the little girl
what what you saw we talking about that
Sarah Silverman in the movie do you know
who Sarah Silverman is no that was Jane
Lynch
oh yeah Jane Lynch is in it I told Colet
make sure to remind Jane Lynch that she
worked with me in the past
don't drop the wolf dojo poor wolf he
tagged the vacuum on the way down to
there's the culprit that blonde kid up
there okay we just dropped off princess
tartar baby tartar gymnastics and now me
gates Braley and son tartar down on this
misty misty beach don't know what's
going on and somebody's taking a nap
mm-hmm
he didn't want to wake up so he's just
laid on the sand
that's reveal who could it be it's a
spider-man gonna baby mask so we are
just letting him chill right there and
we're gonna play some football pass it
here pass it here pass it here speaking
of misty that's misty may-treanor over
there
you know the Olympic gold medalist
that's her misty may-treanor I think I
don't know it kind of looks like her Oh
almost f you bro give me five just slow
oh man sucks you fell down all right
oh crap King edge you you are my
receiver get ready I'm gonna hike it and
then you have to run out there and catch
this ready down set what could it go run
run no dude you're going that way bro
your dad's without a town too long it
needs to teach you some football here
you go catch Oh most patient arts we are
at the frickin Road premiere here is the
bridge
carpet I'm so rad it's super duper red
and there's all those
not seeing anybody come yet if you guys
do want to see me Kayli action on the
red carpet they need to go check out the
mom speak to let you know exactly what
day is going to be posted probably
second right I'm not sure actually I
think of it I think this movie comes out
of the second we're going to try to have
it but I'll let you know they'll be
posted so you can see all of us talking
to celebrities because we're going to be
super awesome we're actually gonna be
yelling stop because there's a lot of
there's a lot of press here so hopefully
we can get our shiny faces out so look
up a chart and then we'll have some
really smart and witty to say right
night always always I do I'll be like to
like being in movies I love your show I
mean your movie I mean your acting
check out the shade hairs and hey Kayla
and concealers
okay okay yeah sky is looking daunting
we are here filling up on gasoline what
do you think it's gonna hit 100 million
dollars
there's a giant coke this guy is looking
dark who's listening to Justin Bieber
and Nicki Minaj raise your hand I knew
it
raise your hand if you like licorice so
Kaylee and Carly not Carly Carly's not
home wet and Kaylee are in Hollywood
right now outside of Jimmy Kimmel
Studios interviewing the stars of it
and I got all sixties but ends so we
just picked up the girls from gymnastics
we'd have the beach and now I got to
figure out what we're gonna do for
dinner probably gonna Faso daddy's
better with the debit card than he is
with the frying pan home sighs 69.95
that is a lot of money let's make it an
even 70 handling Oh rats monkeys I was
almost a perfect pump somebody plumb
tuckered out the one time I don't have
you to miss Marshall is always watching
the kids
did you know you bought bleep you oh
they're cleaning room I am just holding
the couch down here so normal how is
there any larva it was super exciting do
you guys want to see it you go go check
out the monkey - you know cuz I would
little crazy cuz I had some sprite
enough
I got a phone it was super fun
kids tell him what a good job a baby see
today tell her tell her to water world
duh yes I went on a waterslide and it
was super awesome and I called my hair
afterwards so that's why I was dreaming
about Kevin Costner oh that's right
mommy thar was at Waterworld there's no
more land it's just water well that's
pretty funny joke considering what
happened on the East Coast right now
with sandy hope everybody is safe there
hope the cleanup efforts go good and
everybody is ok that the storm has
passed now that's pretty crazy I'm sure
there's a lot of pictures that are
coming out of all the damage so
hopefully everybody gets things cleaned
up help your neighbors if you're in the
East Coast and you know you didn't
suffer any damages donate to the Red
Cross or do anything that you can I'm
trying to like backpedal for my water
world joke now but I help out those
around you anybody you can you know I'm
going to make a donation I have to now I
made a cruel we know the flooding joke
now I have to donate so donate I'll
leave a link below to the Red Cross
check out yesterday's vlog the kids and
their outfits tonight but tomorrow is
actually Halloween huh so I think we're
going to take the kids trick-or-treating
around our apartment so hopefully uh we
can get some more candy we don't need
any more of those seriously if we wait
all this I wouldn't doubt if it was you
know twelve pounds of candy and daddy is
eating the majority of it oh boy and
then check out the new podcast to the
right or no go watch a Colette's video
put up Colette's newest video
she is just full of good advice and she
loves you guys she really pours through
your guys's comments and takes to heart
when you know what she answers and all
those so check it out love your faces
and uh guess what guess what guess what
you know it see you tomorrow
