just so you guys know I have nothing to
do with this oh I love you much - Jesse
oh cool we're gonna see if Casey can
jump me on his motorcycle we ice nation
here he comes
what'd you call me
dad can be nice that's not funny
be nice all right we got to see Gavin
what did you call this fun so the boys
think like all boys have at one point in
their life that they tape wings or
something to their arms they'll be able
to fly that work for you go okay well
leading us to work rock let's see if
this works are you cutting the
circulation off to his hands all right
up for flight dude do you feel if you
got more air Brock did you like get some
air time yeah dude flap them this time
oh hung up on the banister takeoff
that's that's nice hey guys so we're
filming the moms to you today at my
house and we just did a challenge video
so I have this lovely no we actually
just think a nap
we took a mom soon out what hold on
oh no I didn't hardly yeah give those to
Carly those are items for trixin we're
looking at making some new items for the
Fall you guys just have to wait and see
those two anyways um we're just having
fun shooting a fun challenge but um I'm
not gonna tell you guys what it is
you're watching monster yeah being a lot
boy okay love you bye
anyways how are you what you're an
animal I love you give me kids okay oh
thank you
we're carnivores ah babe I'm making you
a burger
imma put some cheese on it okay are you
doing Tae Bo haha that's a good kick
don't think we have a baby I don't want
you to do that in slow motion Shay coral
is brunette chubby Chuck Norris that's a
good kick don't give me a bitch Jackson
what are you getting into who are you
finding straws that what you want your
two straw no do you want a bib no baby I
eat like a horse
do you want to have a bed
yeah here okay here you go where you bid
for a random Christmas napkin that's
what we have in this drawer run a random
Christmas napkin so hard to please
I mean I'd be happy with straws and a
Christmas napkin checking in checking in
checking in check check checking in to
very exciting open it up open it up I
can't work guys remember the promise
that I made to you the other day and I'm
a guy who keeps his promises if I say
some words that I'm gonna do with those
words I'm gonna do those words we got
Mike cover smoke a rotten egg
am I not a man of my word thanks to
Roman and Brittany they suggested these
Mike covers because it's so windy where
we live we need to bring the obnoxious
level down because normally with all
these guys it's usually skyrocket boy
these guys were quite the handful of you
times and I just laid yeah dude I got it
yeah I bit a little part of the plastic
off and I sucked it down my throat
that's not a gate listen don't worry
about that really hold still I have to
put some mic covers on you guys now
don't move okay
if you move these won't go on right
everybody hold still kiss me there
okay that better
let's see I'm just saying for instance
but okay can you see
follow me zoom in I came out Liana where
did how do you do this thing there there
okay look there they are
you guys got some eyebrows there are you
we should like shape that bear it it
smells guys now the audio will be good I
promise
dang it we should have done it before
and after okay look it's windy can you
hear me test flag blowing in the breeze
wind test wind test it's not that windy
up here we got to go up in the mountains
come on spider-man watching in the car
we have some very strict security well
we go in the store just so nobody tries
any funny business
spider-man is watching closely hey what
you call me Dad can be nice that's not
funny
be nice the things they get to say I
know alright we're going to get some
hiking boots because we're gonna go to
Yosemite what's going on here yeah oh
geez okay oh no I think I should be the
one that holds it come here Avia oh no
I'm not gonna talk there's no hardly
push out any yeah see blue
okay oh crap ome what do you mean okay
wait what what did you beat your face
with it I was like he hit himself in the
face when he went to move it from me
I'll see payback all right next
contestant down see put on blu-ray Madi
eh yeah no not a cichlid hood get him
get him
ome tackle the baby yeah but I hovered
on him ready down Oh give him a football
it's too tight I think we have an angler
on our hands over here picking up some
lures for those big mouth bass he's
gonna be snapping up out of the river
next week with ed Bassmaster right
Daxton we gotta lure those are cool ones
huh those catching all the fish right
there
alright cool man Oh Nikita Troy likely
story kid welcome to the group you want
a toy yeah hey how many toys do you have
at home right now that are sitting on
the floor not where they're supposed to
go what would you guess I know but how
many of your toys like outside are just
laying around the yard in the garage on
the ground thirty okay I was like I was
in say maybe under two dozen but thirty
sounds about right yeah get out of here
go get your blow inherited brother let's
get out of here before we spend all our
money hey who said you can get that baby
she getting this honey
Oh pin him I gotta go you guys are gonna
be dad bye you can't have those lures
you don't have to fish it on a fishing
license
carry it it's a heavy Emmy well you're
the one who wanted all the cats we got
to get their accoutrements what no you
might fall you could if you're not
careful what yes we are through the
fishies you want to see pink wanna see
the fishies but not me you sick of
looking at me yeah all right where the
Petco gettin pet food the cats and the
dogs and maybe the fishies pretty bird
pretty bird pretty bird
seals Birds all kinds of cats nails just
carry one don't tap on the glass
classic kid mistake just look just
admire with your eyes not your obnoxious
tapping fingers hey birdy hey birdy hey
do something honest what are those
things yes sir we do
whoa look at the ferrets I want to be a
kid to come play with me
ferrets you guys little secret about me
when I was a kid I really wanted to fair
it I just thought they were so cool
can't you ever do you mean happy yes
really yes but do not bring it the house
your mom will kill your oh you have a
little nest outside you can go visit him
what please ferret these ferrets are
like all active and cute I wish I could
have one go get your brother off the
stepstool what is he doing get off there
young man
look at the hamsters alright hello good
evening we're back home so thanks to
Roman Atwood for coming to our house
I had Danny hurry and build us a jump
and now we get to utilize this thing so
fun I put on Instagram the other day me
and KC jumping off this thing but it's
like every other night me in case it
will come out here and do some jokes in
it nice hey gage you're gonna hit it all
right dude let's see you get some air
even Gager is going to lunch off it nope
he's coming back hold on tight ha ha
nice reverse here he goes nice alright
kids want to do it we're not gonna go
fast come on let's go
we did it job guys here let's go up here
and get a good shot at Casey Casey get
some pretty sweet air air gage made it
Casey levere haha here comes Casey nice
alright hey you guys we saw on the vlogs
when me and Roman were jumping the RC
cars some people said that we should
have drove the cars inside the tube you
were right
Casey gage cheered them on through the
tube yeah we're gonna get those RC cars
and drive them around the inside of this
tube for sure I don't I can't believe we
didn't think of that
you guys are smarter than we are is
there so we didn't get to spend enough
time you know we're still enjoying the
jumping part alright here comes Casey
again let's do this err Casey whoo okay
guys now just like how Roman jumped me
with the RC car we're gonna see if Casey
can jump me on his motorcycle we I sneak
he comes
alright ladies and gentlemen this is the
moon shot oh nice
you guys want to see what it's like for
me most of the time up here around the
house I have three companions that
follow me everywhere I go all right
let's go what's going to all your mom
come on let's go everybody inside
all 11 legs hey babe I brought all 11
legs in huh huh if you think about it
that's a three-legged dog joke get it
are you mad that I got all those legs in
the house no you like legs in the house
they like it too hey are we packed we
ready to go we don't like legs and pee
in the house do yuck guys are going on a
trip I can more traveling we live out of
our suitcase I tell you this this trip
includes let's see let's count them up
two airplane rides and a three and a
half hour drive yay just so you guys
know I had nothing to do with this oh I
love you have to trust you cool it's
just like an inch my name called Haley
oh wait hold on let me see it
wait okay come here
listen come here can't do the whole
thing I'm just gonna find me look it's
gonna be fine give me a second Gavin no
faith in a brother just say that right
now where's the faith and Papa Bear huh
you don't think I could go to straight
lines I'm sorry what this is going sweet
dude
iron Rican hair Daniel feet yeah oh wait
yep that one is okay they're not the
right scissors on their kitchen never I
think they use these to cut open about a
hundred I sees cuz there's just sugar
and syrup all you ever watched hahahaha
okay Kaylee's just shaking her head I
know
but you know what that looks straight
that's very straight right okay okay you
can't let him do the all Natasha shake
it out wait what felis wait for Kaley to
cut it all the way you gotta flip up the
ends this slit ends you know it'll help
bro it encourages no okay no you're not
you're gonna wash do this will be easy
that's not bad am I in trouble
serious let me see a via I want to look
no not that short
why turn around let me see I admire the
hair could I just did that did a good
job that looks good leave it like that I
like it
having said that it is your hair you can
cut it however you want but I don't
think I should do it maybe you should
have killer
I don't care I think I've been charge of
the situation I'm not gonna let you do
anything no sugar until Kaley is here
trench really it's moms here right you
know right
Oh
that sounds good yeah you're getting
there you gotta keep practicing it's
gotta be patient
just keep strong and just keep strong be
strong all right
um let's just see real quick if the
kiddies are like in the new apartments
that we bought them hey you guys like
these new apartments huh look at this
one's blue eyes come on in Godhead the
kids made me buy two more cat trees
today how many cats are stuffed in there
here's poori kitties oh this one's going
on top I'm going on top I want to be on
the second floor too better view of the
ocean up here hi
anyways they got cat trees Glore in here
well if you like them cute little kitty
cats you lucked out stay until the end I
hope you liked today's Shaytards vlog
because it's 2:30 in the morning
2:30 a.m. we're catching a flight bright
and early out of here tomorrow but we
hope you like this vlog leave it a
thumbs up leave a nice comment say
something Mays about something cool we
did a lot of fun stuff motorcycle riding
hair cutting kitties shopping this was a
great vlog watch it again maybe you
missed a moment maybe you want to go
RiRi watch it okay I'm sorry I'm not
always a crazy psychotic DJ dude uh I'm
tired now so I am a little loopy okay uh
that's it I'm gonna hit the red button
I'm gonna put this I'm gonna export it
ah this is my that's my process I'm
gonna email it I'm gonna go and download
the file I'm gonna get this il file I'm
just gonna put it right in
/ this insula you guys are seen right
now you click on that and then I'm going
to chop it off at the emblem hit export
and now we're just like it's like this
is a waste of time so I gotta go okay
bye ha ha
