well Shay how you feeling I am Carl
nervous my I mean I'm anxious I get I'm
I am honestly I usually don't get I'm
nervous
well you're only like speaking in front
of like 300 a couple hundred people and
business on pay per se I hope he's not
there hope Dave really he'll be us hotel
room these are you kidding me so listen
here's a couple things couple things say
right now hi I'm coming out of the
closet how you handle you're nervous is
much different than so I get like I get
like this once I start getting nervous
it reminds me when I wrestled and I
would get nervous for a thing and I just
be like it's like I'm ready to like I
gotta go I you turn your nervous energy
into action I turned my nervous energy
into I'm hiding under the covers I'm not
coming out here's one thing I do here's
one tactic or trick that I do to get
past my nervousness I think about the
event that I'm nervous for like today at
2:30 when I'm going on stage at this
master series entree leadership business
event in front of 300 people and one of
my all-time idols so it's 2:30 I'm
expected to go onstage and present an
hour presentation on how to use social
media in business and kind of tell the
story of how I got where we are
basically I think about 3:30 I think
about where I'll be aware of the
specified event will be over alright how
y'all feel tonight you get it so
relieved is the fun part when you sit
down afterwards like oh but I'm just
gonna go up there I'm gonna go up there
I'm gonna do the best I can I'm gonna be
confident I'm gonna tell my story and
I'm excited I'm it's like a mixture of
nervous excitement but that's one thing
I do I'll think about like tonight when
you know me and collectin go sit in the
hot tub and just relax
I'll be so glad it's over tonight one
you know we're laying in bed watching a
movie on TV and all that will be over
and I'll just be so glad I had done it
and that's one thing I do I'll focus on
those moments that will be relaxing and
exciting after the nervous event another
reason that this is so historic this
really is historic in my life and I know
a lot of you I see in the comments like
ooh dirty broom Zuzu keep talking aboot
ramsay but this is a man who literally
has changed my life and i've told you
that and it reminds me of the book by
Napoleon Hill not Napoleon Dynamite one
of the world's best-selling self-help
slash business books called Think and
Grow Rich this is basically a book about
the study of some of the greatest men in
American history the men who built this
country we're talking about Henry Ford
rockefeller right here the very first
chapter it talks about Edison Thomas
Edison and this guy named Edwin C Barnes
the very first chapter of thinking Grow
Rich if you haven't read it I highly
recommend you get it and read it's by
Napoleon Hill you can find in any
bookstore across the land they talked
about in the very first chapter this man
named Edwin C Barnes who knew about
Edison Thomas Edison who was famous in
his day you know Edison invented the
light bulb and all these other things
this Thomas C Barnes
Edwin C Barnes he had he said that he
wanted to go and be a business associate
with Edison so he took a train to Orange
New Jersey and basically went into
Edison's office and said I am here to
work with you I mean he like had that
commitment and that drive and i remmber
when I read that chapter that for the
first time and thinking about registers
years ago I thought that's my story I am
in a one-day work with Dave Ramsey and
this is before I had no YouTube
subscribers we didn't even know what
YouTube was now this is when I was I was
driving around Phoenix Arizona measuring
granite countertops for 14 bucks an hour
you know what I mean like we were just
married I had and we had we're in debt
with two credit cards maxed out
we had furniture on credit rental we had
a rental you know we were we were
strapped we were broke and poor
newlyweds with Sun tart and Bert and
princess tart was on the way and I'm
gonna read that book thinking one day
I'm gonna like work with Dave Ramsey I
don't know how it's gonna happen I don't
know when it's going
happen one day I am going to work with
him somehow and then I remember I used
to always get on his website and look up
for positions like he'd have positions
like openings at his organization and
I'd get on there and be like what Kyle
can't have a degree you know a lot of
them like won a degree or it's like I
don't know how to do that no I could set
up chairs you know I was like I could go
to live events instead of chairs like I
have a good personality like but I would
always like just think like one day I
will work with Dave Ramsey somehow and
today is a very momentous day because
I'm gonna be standing on a stage that he
stood on presenting to the same people
who paid a lot of money to come to
business conferences like these so it's
exciting moment in my life and I
appreciate you guys being here along for
the ride and it helps me actually
telling you guys that I'm nervous and
I'm excited it makes me feel like a
little bit calmness because you guys a
lot of you have been along for a lot of
this ride so thank you I appreciate it
how's gonna write some notes down but I
just can't I don't know what's I don't
know what I'm just gonna are you gonna
fill me okay so we're getting a little
lunch and then we're headed down Jon
Acuff is on right before me who is
another amazing author if you are
thinking about you know quitting the job
that you have and wanting to get into
something else he has an amazing book
called quitter I just read it on the way
here where is that book actually it's
here in my backpack get this book Jon
Acuff this guy is hilarious it talks
about closing the gap between your day
job and your dream job if you're doing
something right now that you don't like
you don't have to stay at that job there
is a dream after you know crappy jobs
that was always my dream as I hated
doing what I did I didn't want to be a
granite countertop measurer in Phoenix
Arizona and getting paid 14 bucks an
hour I wanted to have something else I
didn't know what it was yet but now it's
here and this is exactly this like I
always say I always say it's the dream
come true of a dream I never knew I even
had like I wanted to love what I did for
a living I didn't want to just go to all
that school and then just get a job just
to hate it you know to hate 70% of your
life just so you could have money to buy
the things in a necessities of life and
if you want that in your life get this
book but he goes on right before me so
I'm nervous cuz he's
good - he's funny anyways boom thank you
guys so much for your support you're
gonna do great baby
no hi hey guys what's up I just got back
from the football practice and card
picked this up and I went to skating
practice I went to skateboard um
whatever it's called and then Carly's
cooking dinner okay we're having
barbecue chicken and then um after work
you drink I'm gonna craft and we're just
have a really fun time yeah he gets
really frustrated with that right
frustrated with the iPad and he goes
like yeah practice football practice
break dance and practice to be in the
hot practice soccer practice is like
yeah it's really hot mom and dad I love
you so much I hope you're watching this
and I hope you come back from Florida
pretty soon and enjoy a few days away I
love you guys so much I hope you guys
come back and I love you and we're just
hanging out bye
hi guys the earth is just filming not
filming she's coming my hair and I'm
just farming and for just our home can
you see and where I'm just getting ready
to go to bed and we're getting our
dinner and we're good okay
we just went to Saturn soccer practice
and we got some treats football practice
and then we like on retreats and stuff
it's a lot we're making a crash we're
gonna make root beer floats they're
gonna be awesome and worth it out yeah
we'll just love I love you and I will
have best I'm filming right now this
camera needs to be charged hey is this
child labor look at you guys just
helping me out they've retired so she's
gonna come help so we're having corn on
the cob and we're having red potatoes we
make them into garlic potatoes the BBQ
chicken is cooking can't you gotta pull
these off of here and put them in the
garbage
okay kinda bored I took the corn in your
air here we're gonna put it in this pot
but I don't want you to touch it because
it's hot so put on this counter and I'll
stick them in there if you find any
worms don't eat them what if you find a
new worms in the corn don't eat them
I love this nose squishy squish at
school today by those would yep you
could do it honey
so it's nodding did you do one of these
and wipe it off you look just like that
that's how you're supposed to just stuff
a Kleenex in your armpit and then pour
it out and blow it
why not that's where I stick my Kleenex
is son tard sixes Kleenex is behind his
knees in those pockets if you do I seen
you
she six hers underneath her ponytail
all right kids get to work can Lolo
I've already tell the story of my head I
tell the story
awesome okay good you are black but
that's why I want to are you were born I
could feel the sweat as I was walking up
there I'm like here it goes one it's
like the triplet reality right when you
got up yeah well no not writing it up
there but like it's the weirdest thing
like where your hands are like ice cold
but you feel sweat dripping in your book
right yeah where Colette has them the
whatever it is that's bad to have we can
copy it he did an amazing job you guys I
didn't want to film at all because a lot
of people you know they pay a lot of
money to come to these things so but he
did an amazing job and I'm gonna make
him start public speaking Rory ready yes
ma'am
hi I'm miss a Kaylee she's helping me we
are decorating pumpkins we got letters
and we got eyes and stickers and I got
jeweled I have jewels Super's and we got
moustaches amazing this is a safer
alternative than carving pumpkins you
don't have to use knives and all that so
if you have little kids this is what I
would rather do than carve pumpkins in
their lawless
yes oh yeah PA that's another thing you
can do there's so many things you could
do with pumpkins huh what did you use
the pumpkin and my gosh I know you can
pull out something did you do something
Oh cute those of you sassy pumpkins for
the women look at this one is starting
to be a fun one okay so I'll go find the
glue but we got pipe cleaners let's pull
these babies out oh my god some googly
eyes we're also gonna get super crazy
with some root beer and some vanilla ice
cream or cream soda we're gonna make
some repair flows okay make some cool
pumpkins on to see who has the best oh
we're done oh you're breaking it right
here she is so pretty is it a she that
is so cute super I love the Jen's dog oh
all the way around
that's good Hugh you're gonna take it
with you in the airport tomorrow one
let's see cage really wager oh my
goodness that is quite the decorative
pumpkin I like that - I just love them
all let's see baby tard oh she's got a
crown oh he had them he has a crown and
a mutts - I like the rock gems
let's see Sun turn that one's pretty
funny
that's so cute Bailey was nice enough to
volunteer to take the smallest one
thanks that's cute you just you make him
good work for the small space you have
rock hard is just for like a hair miss
Callie's over there whipping up some you
know the braids you guys are cute this
is fun let's stick letters on the roof
that spell welcome home yeah all the way
up there I'll throw you up there yeah
Oh No thank you I wish I turned the
camera on earlier we both went oh and
Carly taught rocked her how hard to
thank you what is it you're like this or
I think this is thank you for the same
time me and Claire like oh oh I see why
you guys like our Valen to know they're
super cute for a few days so we're just
like listen kids we're just talking
about if we're gonna bring you guys a
treat we will but you have to do
something for us first we want you to
clean your room so right now
go clean your rooms and show us on
camera that your rooms are clean if you
do that we'll bring you home a present
but we're not bringing you anything
unless we see some clean rooms first so
if you don't Sun tart
you need help your sisters tell them
both of you princess tart baby tart I
want it clean I want everything off the
floor I want all the toys in the thing I
want no I want your beds made nothing in
the closet you need to show me your
closet son tired you do a pretty good
job your room stays pretty clean but I
want to see both your rooms and if both
your rooms are clean then we'll bring
you guys home something from Disney and
Cooper if you help out we'll get you
something too and Carly if you keep your
hands out of it and don't help then
maybe we'll get you something sparkly no
we're not giving you crap all right
there's the finished product of all the
craziest pumpkins guys have to vote who
do you think is the winner one two three
four five or six who is the winner you
guys leave in the comments below
oh and one last thing
the winner will have to wax the other
person's chest or legs or back you get
to choose the body part if you win
