what's up dude okay sounds good bro
doubleheader day you're at the Shay
charge in southern sunny California son
jarred is playing a doubleheader we got
soccer up first at 9:30 coming right
after that it's a flag football match
with the death big day today Sun tart
has two games he's playing soccer and
flag football it's crazy that I'm
getting to the point of my life where I
remember the times that my children are
having I remember getting up early to go
play soccer on a Saturday
shut your honking horn you face horn
it's a big day for son tarde he's
playing softer first right here he's on
the blue team I just have a feeling in
my heart he's gonna dominate some faces
out there yeah that's right red team
you're going down then after that look
he's right there out there talking to
coach already coach is like listen buddy
you're our only chance he's the best kid
on the team
you're the best attitude the best father
and the hottest mom I need you to get
out there
hustle and score some goals my job is on
the line to get okay come on don't let
me down
you want that signing bonus go out there
all right here we go here we go kick the
ball hard sir come on my son what's the
score there's Sun tarted get it man get
it
fossil there he goes 15 look at him
hustling throw it in he's a good shower
this drill
nice throw drive it in drive it in shoot
it get that ball do get it Hostel am i
doing as a dad right there to kick it in
nice kick this is a bündchen is bündchen
kick soccer everybody getting a giant
group and kick nice dude he's hustling
out there get it dude get it get it so
princes tart has there's a boy on son
tardes team he has a little crush on
she's a good picker at crushes because
he's the best one on the team you know
that yeah he's definitely the best kid
you can tell he's the fastest he can
handle the ball the ghost he's so tough
just so much heart so much passion jeez
he's probably go to the Olympics at best
waiting Braley he had a splinter and he
didn't even quit for soccer dude that's
commitment that's Drive that's
motivation yeah but he didn't still then
quit did he yes he still wouldn't quit
if it sharks ate both of his legs off
he'd be up there crawling around on his
elbows biting the soccer ball with his
teeth conference start and he'd be
winking at you the whole time your fish
you see airplay that's a helicopter say
helicopter good boy oh now snow you're
on the film a jogger get hurt
kick it in kick it in
good one nice dude that was a close one
good play goalie baby tard are you
totally just sunbathing she's got her
little son umbrella for beautiful
princess dress she just living the life
living the dream
how are you gage a rager eating some
goldfish we're just here at some tired
soccer game he's got a soccer game and a
football game today so we're gonna be
hit the park for like five hours it's
gonna be awesome
basking in the Sun it's glorious it's
fun it's exciting
he's a bet a lot better than the last
time you played obviously I mean he's
older and he's played a lot at school
and things so I'm excited for this this
season what did you it grows in October
oh we have some little ants on this tree
keep going gage how high can you climb
hey monkey face got a monkey face up
there
you follow engage you follow engage it's
so cute
don't fall guys look at Rob tard not
scared at all he's about four and a half
feet off the ground son tired you catch
him if he falls kay gage can you go play
higher and you go higher dude let's see
you go higher son car stand there get
ready for rock card if he falls can you
go higher keep going go all the way up
to where princess artists keep going
see where princess art is go up there
keep going keep going
go daddy's gotcha keep going don't be
scared you got it okay game one is in
the books
Sun tarts team and I elated the face is
off what was the score eight just eight
to zero dude 170 mercy no mercy for the
wicked huh let's see okay now he's
transformed into a raider you need to
get out there and get some flags dude
number 22 on the football team here
let's see dude go out
oh dang it missed it come on dude that
ball hits your hands you should catch it
every time
ready do not miss this nice
okay you ready get out there and hustle
huh
nice catch nice catch nice catch all
right some tides about to go out there
play some foosball last one okay dude
Hucky here and go out there and hustle
gonna shoot it in the basketball hoop
what's up dude okay sounds good bro get
him get him get him get him nice - nice
nice hustle man got a kid alright played
two years got one tackle under his belt
he's dominating plus he's like twice the
size of it I think these teams a little
bit younger than our team for some
reason some parts like a monster out
there here's the cheer squad over here
their chair for Sun tart
we gotta cheered nice ladies the
cheerleading section needs a little help
ladies maybe you should get up there and
teach them some moves the rock cards do
a little ditty
that's all you girls care about is how
the uniforms look huh I don't see why
they don't ever say okay we want one
parent from each side to come out and
play yeah all there's like one dad from
each side gets to come out and play
all-time quarterback and then we'll have
a rail game on our hands
Oh God
all right sometimes plants Center down
it's time to hide the ball you need a
good Center get centers very important
you got a good QB - yeah nice attaboy
touchdown baby
let's touchdown right there son whoo no
I was mine I taught him everything I
taught him that
he's mine area there he goes your boy go
get him son tired of another tenant not
a kid so I'm tired of brownie a boy two
games to w's what was the score of the
football game it's like twenty eight two
zero six of those points were yours
though stud muffin yeah son time see
that score - touchdown whoo how was it
you like it yeah what do you like better
soccer football or snow cones
I like getting the snowcone after my
football game Rock tard coach proud of
your brother
Oh princess our did a great job cheering
out there do a heck of a job so son tard
it is 1:30 has been playing sports all
morning - two games - you know they're
like 9:30 now it's 1:30 or leaving so uh
good job dude I'm proud of you heck of
the hustle and out there that's what I
like to see hustle look what happened
that just barely barely Halverson's I
don't for stopping weirdos salad faces
and what holy majorities got us to do
the freakin gravity dude that's it it
does it's cuz my son's a freakin
engineer he's a parachute engineer he's
gonna watch what she's gonna be whoa
nice dude look at this son tard
made this little man with a parachute in
his toy shop you can buy it online how
much you selling these online for 77
cents at the stupendous deal
no go up there dude let me do it that
was getting chased up the stairs okay
here we go ready here he comes
wait is there a certain way to launch
him hold on I'm gonna make sure it's set
up great hey Dad
here comes rock hard okay ready
rock hard come here little man
hey little boy came here little boy hey
come here you want to see this man fly
okay here he comes ready catch him 1 2 3
dude you come launched am I messed up
hey wait wait when you do it okay what
we're gonna pair up here don't fall if
you fall you'll get in trouble from your
mom mom does not like broken legs okay
we're ready for launch three two one
catch it catch it catch it catch it
oh the best tense of catch is caught all
right mommy turn he's gonna try the
plate we're checking out how gravity
works today spin it and I'll grab it by
that you guys aren't doing it right you
just dude you got to grab it by the
pencil part and spin it like this you
know I mean like put it between your
hands watch grab it like this should
spin it come here bring it up here Oh
blinds
okay watch know what I'll show you
I know dad part of the action my okay my
own dad whoa I was not prepared for that
one okay I'm gonna catch it down there
well okay launch it mommy taught you try
touch
nice what was that no it's like a soft
landing hedge spin it spin it nice nice
all right so me and Colette are getting
ready to head out to Orlando Florida
tomorrow we're going to a one-week
business conference it's called the
entree leadership master series in
Orlando Florida I just getting my books
here gonna bring all these books
whenever I go on a trip I always pack a
ton of books cuz I love to read like on
the planes and stuff but then I know I
usually don't read them all because then
we end up doing so much stuff but I am
bringing these books cuz it is a
business conference and I think I will
have a chance to read some I'm not sure
how much anyways we're getting packed
we're getting ready to head out tomorrow
we're excited and then we all hung out
with Felix Baumgartner and jumped off
the Red Bull Stratos balloon and you
know just free fell 125 thousand feet 24
miles to mark Jeff Bailey you're always
wearing the soda beverage Jared you so
dog is you get to jump out at 25 miles
of space doesn't be the Shaytards
don't what is it what are you talking
about weirdo you didn't do that but
yesterday we're flying to Florida we
watched it in the airplane and me and
Colette from 30,000 feet we watched
Felix Baumgartner make a world record
jump and I was pretty funny that Sun
tarde was playing with a parachute guy
today cool stuff check out yesterday's
vlog we are here in Orlando at a very
important business conference
opportunity of a lifetime excited to be
here thanks for watching today's vlog if
you're lucky click on that video to see
what you have in store for that we'll
see you tomorrow it's as simple as that
we'll be back tomorrow love your faces
nabilla bouncing baby boy
