where am I well hello mommy Todd on a
hammock on a palm tree in orlando
florida what's going on well just
decided to come to Florida fun for fun
no we're here for a very serious reason
me and Colette just about my clothes are
paying to our convention today we're
gonna talk about my toes first and then
we can talk about serious stuff but we
just got out of a two-hour class called
entre leadership with Dave Ramsey we got
it's the start of a whole course yeah
look this is what curriculum ladies and
gentlemen this is business practical
knowledge on how to run a successful
business and it's all here in Orlando so
we are here for a week if you guys
didn't know we flew out here this is the
biggest opportunity for us I get to
speak at one of these like breakout
sessions on Thursday they're going to
have me do a class on how you can use
social media in real business like
Twitter Facebook YouTube and talking
about maker studios check this out this
is so cool Shay Butler with maker
studios and let me tell you this this is
a little dream come true I have known
about these entre leadership master
series for a long time even before we
started doing YouTube and I always told
Colet like I wish we could go to one of
those and just you know go out there and
learn from dave ramsey and be part of
one of those like conventions because
there's like 300 business leaders from
around the country here we're talking
we've already met you know dozens of
people from you know Houston Kansas City
some people from Florida from New York
you know of all kinds of businesses
basically it's a convention about
business owners for business owners we
met somebody who's a what are they Lord
sheet what was Karen lady she was a
remember an accountant linda linda was a
public accountant somebody who owns a
giant heating and air conditioning
business in Kansas City you know just
all kinds of business leaders all over
the country and this is the coolest
thing if you look right here you can't
really see but on Thursday at 230 to 330
breakout session with shaycarl which I
am actually on Dave Ramsey's lanyard
conference that is it's hard to explain
to you guys because you don't understand
what a big order that is that I used to
dream about coming to these conventions
and now I'm speaking at it I mean this
is a serious hardcore business
convention and I need to speak at it so
it's a huge honor and we just flew in
today Casey and Caylee and Carly are
watching the kids and here's what we're
going to do here's what's going to
happen for this week's vlog I left a
flip cam for the kids and we talked to
son tart and princess hard today we're
at lunch I said okay you guys listen I
left you a camera I want you to talk to
me and mom so we're going to kind of
pull a page out of the vlog brothers
book this week and we're going to
communicate with the children in front
of you guys so the vlogs are going to be
different in the fact that we're going
to be showing the kids what we're doing
here and we're going to be showing them
this great resort we're at where you
know there's swimming pools and I don't
know if we'll have time to even go site
c or have a gathering outing is because
the itinerary for this tomorrow morning
starts at 8am and goes to eight o'clock
at night so it's like 12 hour days of
taking notes like look I'll even share
with you just a little bit I can't share
with you a lot because people pay a lot
to come to these conferences but uh for
instance are you like that my toes have
had a nice cameo in this long already
it's like an orange talk it took a bunch
of notes tonight we talked we learned
about how the you know leaders are you
know basically the lid of your
organization John Maxwell calls it the
leadership lid as a leader you must
understand that your enterprise will
never outgrow you and you as a leader so
I'm going blind because of that light
like shiny right in my eye was trying to
read like I can't see any way so we are
gonna be busy in classes all day but
that's what we're gonna do with the
vlogs the kids are gonna vlog themselves
like hey mom and dad I just got home
from school there's this new cute boy
he's just like so cute and he just like
cuz I'm sure that's what love me talking
I just heard did you see a little
notebook I found on the desk by the
computer she had written down all these
reasons why she likes you know who oh
look so cream there's a kid on sun tired
soccer team who princess start has a
crush on and she wrote on the little
notebook all the reasons why she has a
crush on him Wow he had a crush on
somebody else last week a challenge
that's true well you know I think she
had a crush on that other kid because he
invited her to his birthday party but
now she likes this other kid who's on
sun tart Socrates happening life is
happening in our children are growing up
alright so be patient with us this week
we are at this business convention we're
so excited to be here and we're going to
communicate with the kids back and forth
through the vlogs yeah but what are we
doing right now so cool we Came we
walked down here to see the swimming
pool there's a swimming pool right here
and they have these hammocks that are
just like all around where oh yeah geez
don't bother RC father is yes or no
gravity
little buddy he stuck to the heavy
what's he was gonna let's see you get in
that thing see you totally rocks it's
gigantic we could put her whole family
in the epic she's cool she's cool weird
a very important business conference
