hi I'm login here somebody's got his
hand in the chip bag there's a sleeping
baby don't wake him up - a baby in the
bathroom or a bar him he always it's
without fail right around noon you put
them in the van get a little bit of yeah
a little bit of that right to sleep with
this one
in the troubalert bag you got your hand
in the chip bag - yeah oh you knew these
big old clouds hello
that's some cumulus Nimbus going on
today bear focus right now yes I see it
like that
take a deep breath in ready everybody
one of them days that a girl goes
through she's angry and sad dinky and
you love me do you think of that it's my
favorite song it's my jam
say tell me of that it's my motto
something about me don't take it
personal one piano and all that song I
was just telling Shay when we get there
we're going to a meeting when we get to
the office we're transferring straight
from the car to the stroller because he
never wakes up when you transfer him
from the party talk to me for some more
huh let's trade to the stroller if you
go straight to the stroller and go
straight to sleep when she already is we
don't want him to wake up there was a
question that I've been getting asked a
lot if we're gonna do calendars again
this year yes and we want your tips we
want your suggestions I saw some people
suggested that we didn't put you know
how last year we put people around the
inside like frame of the calendar for
each month some people were saying
that's weird because they just had
random people they didn't know as they
flipped the calendar so what do you guys
think about that do you think we should
just put a big collage like we did on
the last one on the back of all of you
guys sending in pictures or should we
just not do that at all and then we also
thought about doing like themed months
like you know February we would have
this little dude dressed up as you know
that you've been in Christmas we could
all be standing around a Christmas tree
but we thought about doing themed months
for the calendar what do you think give
us your suggestions in the comments I
talked to the people at rody arcade I
gotta get my homies at rody arcade and
we are gonna do a calendar this year so
be ready for 12 months of shaped our
delight meant again oh yeah and I went
to the White House met the president
again how was your meeting with the best
it was the services we didn't just leave
it yeah it looks like we just left him
in there the whole time
I just put him in there while we were
talking to some before hey little man
Brent's out today Brett was on what's
trending so the office is closed
see you loser apparently rocked Hart is
famous on tumblr I've been seeing all
these you know remember when we had that
vlog or he was get out tore him in the
back oh my scapula my scapula the rock
card was getting the water right there
on the water cooler apparently that's
like Oliver tumbler oh man the little
man is famous water carrier well he's
just caring he's just falling after you
in the water-jug video that's true huh
water jugs have been a big big boon to
us in our career our daughter is turning
into a hippie look what she bought for
an after-school snack you sure you want
this
go pull that out let me see that bad
it's like fish food
it's like sushi check us out in if you
crumble this up and feed it to your fish
ill hair dude wait I'm gonna try it
actually oh okay baby
it tastes like oh I imagine a raw fish
like slapping his Taylor on my mouth you
like that I mean she wanted to and
bought seaweed chips for an after-school
snack there on Maya pass them to baby
tartar
she wants to see what chip do you like
those do you like them yeah I didn't
think so the sugar princess with no way
I have seaweed chips you like a princess
star I hear you there system area you
like it it's good for you though I only
like sugar good start and I was loud
they sound like chips you're munching
down where did you try those for the
first time
lunch Scott at scouts huh let's go
why are they so crispy they're like loud
you want one okay let's see if maybe
tired only two whole one yep eat the
whole thing though eat it hey this is on
my pad rock card you want to try one
give one draw card see if he likes it
try it yeah I heard dad know there's
like smoke maybe their smokes
seaweed chips ooh I'm not kissing you
princess Tori hookers like why they loud
you turned down your snack foods going
down DEFCON 2 nice I'll go back to my
iPad whoa look at those super ominous
clouds it might be raining again tonight
my little minions but you guys got to
bet I'm loving my life hey I have to
tell you this little conversation that
Princess her and I just had I know it
would have been a thousand times better
had I gotten it on the camera when it
happened but I didn't we were just
getting out of the grocery store and she
saw this old man walking in the store
shows Oh mom look it's oh I know why
he's so old
we go why yeah cuz he has a cigarette in
his mouth
it's true that's what happens when you
smoke you get old a lot faster right he
has a cigarette in his mouth yeah he did
good
you saw sugar Rhett okay a sugar Rhett
or a cigarette cigarette that's what I'm
addicted to his cigarette Harry where's
your get your seatbelt across my office
yes why should we let in a let me cash
it or like okay please sit down and put
in the seatbelt right all right right on
right on right put the seatbelt right on
that right on oh no Ryback
all right baby tired you going on the
roller coaster yeah all right let's see
it gotta hold your hand up and Wayne
yeah she loves the slide it's her roller
coaster ride and she usually will climb
it up climb it up she usually climbs up
this I do you kids do that did you guys
ever do that as a kid and there's all
these other kids at the park and your
client you're the one climbing up the
side of block and everybody's fun time
trying to teach them okay I'm ready
you're super crazy
the ocean is upon us what a beautiful
day to go on a bike ride mister Kassem G
the other half of my motorcycle game
somebody on my Instagram picture said I
need to get a new helmet I look like a
dork
Kassem got a cooler helmet
yeah it's true it is about safety we
just rode up the coast and it is
gorgeous it's the coolest feeling just
coming around these little curves and
see in the sky it's blue it's just rain
so the ocean looks bluer and we have
some huge cumulus Nicholas that's
sir Hobbs whoo ah that's crazy
he tried to climb up like his sisters
but it just didn't work he do don't work
see that who is teaching their kids how
to climb up the slides not me it's
probably Shay Shay it's all your fault
this is I'm eating a most delicious
snack have you guys ever tried Honey
Crisp apples hmm the best apple I ever
had was a fresh Honey Crisp apple
straight from the tree oh my gosh so
good so ever since then I've wanted to
plant a Honey Crisp apple at my home my
house of residence I never have so
someday mark my words I'm going to plant
a Honey Crisp apple tree and it'll
probably take a couple years to bring
forth fruit and I will plant one mm-hmm
nothing like a delicious dinner for
mommy tard
it is the best I've ever had I'm just
kidding I knew I had something in my
teeth how was your school kids yeah I
want to know two things you learned
today
now tell me no no no no no no no no tell
me what you learn in school today no no
no no no no this is delicious by the way
what a beautiful amazing what oh do that
dance for us come on let's see it today
we got homemade princess charters who
are doing this dance like what are you
doing it's like I learned it in school
hit it girl
why are you shy shy ready set go
okay think about it
I won't I won't fill me up I'm not
telling you just do it I'm going to show
what we're having tonight we're having
asparagus tomato pasta with a giant
Caesar do it get out there you're not
eating your dinner till you dance get a
dance for your food
Rizzy job or differences
what does airman said to me going over
going understand attempt to like a
shoulder with one two three when I wish
you and I come I should be going over to
the sea
I jumped aboard and this is what the
salmon said to me first and is going
over 10 is a soul like a soldier say
like a soldier cycler slightly that's a
good song how was your day at school
baby tired what you learn you learn a
dance let's see the dance that you learn
at school today
chilling McGillicuddy mater has a new
shirt on let me show daddy your
shirt let show me that's your shirt
stand up it's your daddy your shirt
I lived rock hard I had to get it like
look at this frog I think you look so
adorable on long sleeve shirts for some
reason he's normal son tard big day
today learn how to drop in on a halfpipe
you tell us about it
yeah take an after-school class called
skateboarding where I got to build his
own skateboard
it's freaky because when you drop in
it's like you're dropping in to the game
it's like you're about to fall and the
secret is when you drop in you got a
really push on that foot so it's like
you're being so like if there's some
it's like so hard but if you don't push
on it then you're gonna fly back and
hurt yourself because all the way from
the back way
yeah when me and Casey first started
skateboarding I remember going to a
giant halfpipe and we dropped in both of
us and if you don't lean down hard to
fall back and land on your wrist you
fall back Iquitos oh yeah and my right
knee peg off scratch do this with the
pencil or you want them to be really
scratched up so it makes it look like
you're really working hard probably
somebody else um she's done my posture
I need a haircut on it yeah so when you
make that face kinda creepy what are you
doing your dance
what you learn in school today dancing
dancing days you learn how to low ride
your pants huh could you learn that from
all the gangsters at school pull your
pants up boy pull your pants up show
some respect
hey you want to try an experiment in
happiness you want to do a little test
study test
I've been reading this new book called
the happiness advantage by shawn Achor
he's a harvard law business I don't know
when I was really smart dudes who got
into college and you know read is the
homework stupid stuff like anyways he
talks about really the only study that
has shown a connection to our happiness
is through our social networks you know
our loved ones our friends and family
that's like one of the only real
measurable things that show that we can
become happy as through those
connections with friends and loved ones
and he talks about writing three emails
or three positive notes text messages a
day to these people so I want to send
you a challenge right now you listening
to this the person with ears yeah you
have ears
you're hearing my words right now I
challenge you today to send at least one
if not one if you can do three that
would be great an email a text message
maybe even a comment below find somebody
in your social circle it could be your
mom your dad your friends a co-worker
you know somebody that works for you
anybody that you know in your social
circle circle circle and give them a
compliment give them a out a boy give
them a pat on the head and I can't be
pandering it can't be you know fake it
has to be a sincere generous you know I
love you or I appreciate you just
something uplifting even like I like
your hat you have a nice smile what a
great sense of humor you have anything
like that I challenge you right now to
find one good deed one nice thing to say
about somebody in your life and do it
and I want to hear your comments
tomorrow about how that affected your
life and your happiness try it try it
it's an experiment
what will it hurt send one or three if
you want to get extra credit messages
emails comments some way of
communication to somebody in your life
telling them how you appreciate them or
how they're doing a good job or just
some positivity spread the love try it
and we'll talk about it tomorrow okay
okay do it okay go bye
