hello hello hello hello say hello you'd
say howdy if you wanted to sew a
hilarious life moment just happened with
little mr. Brock Uli's do you want to
tell him what just happened your very
first experience with a what oh wait
where you go look who else just woke up
hi spider-man come sit down we're
telling stories hey everybody we are
back at home
sorry we missed the vlog yesterday I was
just tired man we were in this bike race
anyways last night Brock has this alarm
clock don't tell him what happened dude
wait Brock song story hush your mouth
blondie and so he pushed on his head and
then did it turn off for a minute and
then Brock experienced the frustrating
thing that is the snooze button because
it kept going off every five minutes and
so I was out feeding the cats this
morning and I was coming in and Brock
was sitting out there like it won't turn
off so would you keep pushing on his
head and then you'd go back to sleep and
it was beeping still yeah okay but then
what did I teach you oh you had to turn
off the off button huh anyways see I
came down he was so frustrated because
it kept going off every five minutes
like it won't turn it off and I said you
got to turn it off buddy anyways it was
just funny to me that he was so excited
about his alarm clock last night and
then this morning once he experienced
the snooze but he was like not so cool
hi did you have a good sleep there's a
cute okay so we will be back to regular
vlogs just here's a little footage of us
on the bike race when we did this
weekend and we'll see you tomorrow well
you're gonna watch this vlog no bye
all right well good morning it is
morning can you believe we're doing this
again it seriously feels like we just
did this I know seriously
another red bikes we're not ready Aaron
you ready hey Derek wins last time you
rode your bike yesterday for the first
time hold on I gotta fix murder oh yeah
get that get that you know I did a sweet
hundred mile training ride last year
during this race so I think I should be
prepared for today that is hot rear view
mirror down rear view mirror down all
right we're just waiting for Collette
and Bree why is your wife taking always
have to pee and then we're riding out of
here the race has begun
there was about 150 people here and they
took off and we're still waiting because
we got a few girls are gonna go pee so
hopefully they come soon hey ladies the
race started yeah just grab your bikes
real quick and we'll take off come here
babe let's see those spandex you ready
she's nervous you got it five six six I
believe in you all right so what you're
telling me Shea is after four years of
this super windy race you haven't
learned to get one of those wind screens
for your vlog camera hmm well guess what
everybody good news Roman and Brittany
told us where they get the wind screens
for their vlog cameras so I am gonna
promise right now there will there will
no be more more wind so annoying I know
anyways had a blast look we're so
excited cuz we got the trixin logo on
the sleeve of the jersey okay so how far
we got loge two miles without 48 to go
where's my baby my baby back there is
that my baby
you having fun baby that's my baby
hey baby there goes my bad back alright
hey 5 6 6 Santa
killing it okay we are 20 miles in
little sore but hurts well we've done 20
miles
Logan's feeling good check Derrick's
feeling good Oh check are you up check
as the Derrick's doing good check Julie
de Haan check and check all right let's
keep riding yes ma'am
hey everybody here we are mile 25
feeling great look at these mountains
right here
and I forgot my headphones so my pilots
sticking my phone up my helmet it works
perfect love you five six six killing it
young fun oh that guy was oh cool how do
you babe
am i five six eight I love you five six
six alright we're gonna race this train
dude this is so beautiful so nice out
here
check us up we're going underneath I've
never raped my bike underneath the train
before how cool a very first moment in
my life well I've never done this before
there's a train over top of me cause a
great experience babe we run underneath
the train proud of you now I must be
between no baby doll you did it
50 miles good job team trick son good
job Bruce dude we thought he showed them
we sure did say it CH a.m. Pio and
that's champions bolt or curb you just
made that update on see I'm a rapper but
guys we're beyond selfie of Logans we
made it no Logan selfie guys could draw
all right we did it and you guys you
know what I'm super pumped for is tricks
and clothing sponsored the race this
year so there's a really cool tricks and
logo on the metal we're going to get our
tricks and medals dude
finish line right here we have to stop
at a red light we're going wasn't simple
nice for sure let's have a cheeseburger
babe
all right how did I did I get my medal
check it
nice trick sit on it look at that we did
it huh that's cool all right job brother
high five slap my hand please thank you
sir and we're doing it for breast cancer
- all right babe you did it it's real
gold - good job good job team all righty
then
looks like we're gonna be doing like 55
miles we forgot that we parked we parked
our cars at the defendant at the
starting line not at the finish line so
then we're just like oh crap where's the
car we got to ride our bike back to the
starting line and we made it I use in
the swimming pool just get we're getting
back to the hotel and we were greeted by
a swimmer waiting in the metals you like
those yeah that cool we sponsored it you
guys been having fun did you have
breakfast did you say bye to Roman and
read me this one
oh they did you guys are getting water
all over in the lobby sorry you can
charge us extra
so you said goodbye to Romina Brittany
this morning cool he's it's women look
we do know what do you think about that
metal okay prove dude I'll jump on the
pool right now you kidding you pick your
spandex and everything we gotta clean up
look at all these feet prints ladies and
gentlemen the next boyband Jackson if
you could make those instruments popular
you would they're going backstage dude
we have to do a standing ovation if we
want to keep okay hey everybody what's
going on hi hello howdy uh where were we
when we left off oh bike race Logan Utah
what happened I'm tired man I'm
exhausted after Roman and Brittany and
the kids were over hanging out and then
doing that 50 mile bike race and then we
went to church today and I taught a
lesson and collect taught a lesson and
Emmy gave a talk and Anna Richards came
to our house there she is that is the
coolest shirt I think I've ever seen is
that trixin material right there what no
and now we're about to have movie night
hey I did the bike race I did 50 miles
are you proud of me I'm so positive but
I kept told myself I crowd
I think Gavin is little Ike anyways it's
loud in here I don't know how these dogs
alright we're watching movie night last
night we watched My Big Fat Greek
Wedding in tonight we're watching My Big
Fat Greek Wedding to be great and also
cool news Dan is working with the kids
on some new music so they did a few
songs tonight we have some covers in the
works amy has a cover in the works and
you ready for it
ah dude alright movie night
I'm gonna hang out here we go ah do
