hi I'm login here sound hard uh what is
that that's super weird did you guys get
that from the movie last night huh did
you get that from the movie last night I
saw Jumanji last night and they just saw
the part where he turns into a monkey
and he grows a tail and he's embarrassed
about his tail so they found these in
the closet and now they all have tails I
don't know weird but we're headed to the
pool this morning Shay's in bed I wanted
him to sleep in as long as possible
because he's got a marathon tomorrow
at the time you see this though you
probably will have already ran it I'm
super excited for him I'm so nervous but
honey I know you did a great job
and I'm so proud of you and you're doing
you're doing amazing things with
yourself and with your life and with
your family and with you too so I'm
proud of you keep it up drop dad oh are
you gonna fly too
ok ok don't know what you're talking
about
open look at this Oh airplane odor mom
come on
oh plane Oh plane airplane yep airplane
well it's so cold you where your sisters
oh look they're climbing on this crazy
thing over here look at this that's it
this place is crazy look at that they've
got like four pools right here one with
a diving board a big giant one another
lap swimming one then they've got two
hot tub plus this little toy goodness
it's crazy too
Oh where's my dad we're running bare
pool we're not supposed to okay wait
this is like a child's dream and a
parent's nightmare you can't keep track
of all your little children at the same
time so I'm gonna watch the kids and you
guys can think about how awesome it is
to be in this pool and you're not here
so I'm sorry oh honey did you show them
this view yet you guys want to see this
view you haven't seen this view yet bros
bro man you bro
you see this view check it out this is
right off of our condo balcony
check out the what about I mean uh yeah
I just yeah I it's just I like look I've
been lost for words I can't even think
about what to say it's so beautiful what
do you think princess card eyes you are
you a blind person they went swimming
today and she did way too much under
water chlorine diving did you open your
eyes in the pool that'll do it
of course duh let me see you look at me
can you open your eyes oh you're totally
stoned bro hahaha
does it hurt
that's the worst when you open your eyes
under the chlorine too much how about
you son tard you open your eyes under
the chlorine oh dude you should want you
should go down to the pool cuz they have
this um diving board and it do we will
tomorrow 13 feet deep
tomorrow we will after the marathon that
deep so cold you'll be so happy
I'm sorry jump in it's like freezing is
it really freezing cold oh boy so today
is the day that I just try to relax as
much as possible I got about a 10 hour
night sleep last night I went to bed and
go to bed till like 1:00 but I slept in
until about 11:00 today so now we're
gonna go to the race Expo pick up the
race pack it and get my number and just
try to relax the rest today because I
have to get up at 4 a.m. tomorrow to go
catch the shuttle to go to the first of
the race you cheering me on so you want
to be first
well we'll try I'll try to win the
marathon for you ok but if I don't I
still love you you ready I am enforcing
a cleansing of the house first and then
we shall go time you have your number
and your shirt
that means it's serious 18:35 if you
wanna follow me on the race 1835 look i
think i think they are gonna have like
chips is like music have like chrono
tracks so i only link if you want to
follow me on the race to see like my
time splits you can follow me that's
exciting I like collecting marathon
shirts you know to be in the pills I
really like the colors of that one too
you know my favorite one honestly is the
San Francisco I like that one
say how does our primary but of the
pretty good Jo 1835 1835 do you watch me
weirdo
6:17 t-minus 11 hours till race time
getting nervous we just got back from
lunch had my last carb load cuz I want
to show him what you're doing oh my
Hannah Montana pardon my freaking French
that is adorable
what is that rock car what you drawing
cool Batman you say cool Batman you guys
just got the rock tart skier skier what
is that what I kind of sing what's it
when somebody's cake nice cake you me
with that say Batman yes mommy tart just
went to Walmart and bought these kids
giant coloring books pages pages and
pages dude that is cute what's her name
Olivia
Axl oh snap don't color on your sisters
no dude she's trying to do a good job
you stick to your page he drew a little
bit right there you might have to color
her hat green Sun tard what do you got
rocking over there
Batman dude rock hard stay on your own
drawing ah such a brat man looks good
dude
Batman swinging to save the town it's
not funny
think you color other people's paper
baby toy I like yours dude what's her
name you have a name for her Oh duh yes
that's her it's her name oh my guys
check out this view you got to enjoy a
view every once in a while if you're not
a person that can't look out on a scenic
horizon and just appreciate the mother
nature of it all you got to ask yourself
some questions in life you don't saying
just be able to enjoy a nice
like that dude it's the magic moment
right now look at this these mountains
over here I always wish these cameras
had a better sim lens on his Rock card
singing happy birthday alright so here's
my race number 1835 just going over a
last few things getting ready to run hey
you guys so the family's in bed Shay got
an early night early he got to bed early
because he has an early morning tomorrow
we're gonna get up before en put the
kids in the car and take shade to the
starting well we're not able to start
working take him to where they shuttle
everybody out to the starting line
so it's gonna be a really SuperDuper
early morning he's ready he is ready
he's been nervous all day psyching
himself out he needs them needs a lot of
sleep tonight and he's just gonna you
know be ready in the morning I told him
to stretch to keep warm before the race
starts anyway so I think he's ready I
think that once he starts that first
step of the race he's gonna feel a lot
better and just be able to get in the
zone so I'm super proud of you babe um
it's interesting because you guys are
watching me right now and right now you
know what happened in the race today
you've already read the tweets or or
whatever and and I don't know but I mean
I do know now but right now I don't know
so it's kind of weird
but I know that Shay did a great job
because he always does I'm so proud of
you babe for working so hard and even if
you didn't reach your goal you are
amazing and you can just keep working at
it and you can reach it I know you can I
know you can because you are that type
of person who can do anything he sets
his mind to which we all are if we just
set our minds to it and work at it but
you especially are inspiring to me so I
want you to know that and good luck good
job and good night I'm going to go to
bed that we can get a nice early start
spend a great trip so far it's gonna be
a great day tomorrow and it was a great
day today
good luck honey so listen let's just say
this right at the top of the podcast
this is going to be an adult-themed
podcast so if there are small children
around you might want to duct tape them
to their beds and leave them out of the
room because when we talking about the
birds and the bees if Santa Claus and
explaining death to kids so it might be
a little more adult-themed podcast santa
claus is an adult topic anyways okay so
yeah we uh we never I honestly never had
that talk I remember in sixth grade our
school had like that you know boys are
gonna grow hair in their pubic areas and
we had that talk area right and they got
all of the sixth grade boys together and
it was like the health teacher was givin
us you know the the you know your body's
changing kind of talk and we were just
immature I remember everybody was making
jokes and laughing and getting
especially when you're with your friends
right that's not really and the teacher
God learned I'm and was like you guys
need to grow up and we are canceling
this talk and she cancelled it and said
we only way we're going to have this as
if your parents come so then we had to
reschedule it and our moms or dads had
to come with us to this talk and they
had it like this I remember it was like
this special after school because we got
in big trouble
because we're making way too light of it
and our parents had to show up I
remember is like so awkward showing up
with my mom like we're gonna talk about
my penis
