he's singing the song cuz he wants to
get a train today we're at the store
it's time to buy some laundry to charge
it and all that fun stuff that you need
and Little Rock Park started singing
train did you win a train how does the
song go okay they doing you're going
down well that's not the way to get a
train dude they're going the wrong way
let's go find a train Rock time you're
going the wrong way for a train well I
like where you decided to go I mean I'm
cool with this
I'm full of going to jewelry shop coming
down the track
I'll eventually we'll get to the trains
if I can harness his energy my goodness
is that perfect or what look at that
you're a little monster your mom I feel
super stupid take it off now all right I
gotta have a little bit of fun okay Dora
below monster big bull
how much is this this might be
affordable it's actually kind of cute
I'm not sure maybe hmm just got buttons
on it no if this is gonna be worth it
$10 mm maybe not maybe not don't try the
monkey on the monkey
yeah I don't want to try them again I
guess he doesn't like but you gotta get
stats bro we finally got his train yeah
come and down yeah hooray for train now
mommy can finish her shopping
dude you got a uniform do you like it
it's good
hmm can you eat it San Jose Earthquakes
earthquakes and you got sex too yeah do
I want blue socks
soccer socks are the most comfortable
socks ever and you have blue ones that's
awesome jealous thank you yeah and your
first games this Saturday are you so
bummed we're not gonna be here yeah
we're gonna be cheering daddy out what
are you doing to me oh the days when you
could just sprint through the grass
I know I just stepped in mud you look
that better be mud and not poo it is it
is did you step in it too how can we get
for running in the dark all right let's
go watch the presidential debates
watching the debate tonight I've been
listening to it on the radio as much as
I can
watching these guys play and it's kind
of exciting
there's definitely very different views
and baby's heart is not gonna let me
talk to you guys hey you got me
you win nothing real trouble I see you
start to we can see one star and this
entire LA sky you guys can't see it oh
wait can you see it no you can't I only
see one star thing that's dude that's
one of the things I miss about Idaho
it's being able to see a full sky of
stars you can't see it in LA there's so
much smog --schmutz the world is
mourning yes in this side the world
won't want dark yep that's what happens
good job baby where'd you look at me put
your seat down they want to see your
pretty face not your feet you learned
from you
you guys nervous it's coming the st.
George marathon we are leaving tomorrow
oh man if you've never run a marathon
you can't understand what I'm going
through right now mentally it is a
painful painful experience you know I've
trained I I think I'm ready but all
these doubts are starting to come in
time I now like did you run enough did
you train hard enough you know should
you have tapered sooner should you be
running more this week that's all I've
been able to think about honestly it's
all that's on my mind and I'm stressing
out about it I'm kind of stressing out
about it mostly because I'm anxious I'm
anxious to do it and just to get it over
with
once this marathon is over I'll be very
happy this will be my third marathon can
you believe that I can't I cannot
believe this will be my third marathon I
know you guys don't like when I talk
about my weight loss stuff on the
Shaytards Channel oh you've changed yeah
yeah but please this is my life I want
to talk to you about it I'm genuinely
nervous and it's the feeling that I
remember getting when I was in seventh
grade on the bus headed to the
cross-country tournament that's why I
quit cross-country because of the pit in
my stomach that I got but before any
cross-country race I would get this pit
in my stomach a because I was
competitive and I wanted to do well so I
knew that in my mind I was gonna push
myself really hard and so that made me
just nervous because you know that's
just that's human nature you get nervous
before any competition and to because I
knew how much it was gonna hurt by
pushing myself to be competitive and to
do well I knew that it was gonna require
a lot of physical effort and that
physical effort is painful running is
not fun anyways I've been sitting here
putting my playlist together I hope I I
got a good little plan mister you guys
want to know what my playlist is you
want to hear my old man playlist 49
bucks for a little
shuffle and now this is what I'm gonna
run with I don't wanna I been my
training I was running with my phone but
I'm trying to reduce the amount of
weight as much as possible so I put
together a playlist should I tell you
guys what it is
I'll just go down really quick I picked
43 songs to go with me on my journey
it's three hours of music there's a
little psychological thing there because
my goal if you didn't you know tune in
for sheree timber was to qualify for the
Boston Marathon I feel in my heart of
hearts if I'm gonna be honest with
myself I will probably run this marathon
in 3 hours and 30 minutes now I'm not
you know being paestum it pessimistic
I'm being realistic I really feel like
according to my training runs and my
pace during my training runs I'll
probably do it in 3 hours and 30 minutes
and if I do I will be very satisfied I
will definitely be happy with that time
if I do better than 3 hours and 30
minutes I'll be pumped beyond belief but
at this point 26.2 miles just to finish
is a huge accomplishment like I said
this is my this is only my third
marathon this is the third time in my
entire life that I've ran this distance
in all my training I have never ran this
far the longest training run I did to
get ready for this marathon was only 18
miles the ones before I did
220 mile runs so I'm nervous man because
it hurts everything in your body wants
make you stop am i complaining too much
okay so here's my songs Coldplay X&Y
Coldplay Wild Ones featuring SIA I don't
know I just heard that one I like the
flo rida when all is said and done
Kathleen Nelson that's an EF wide track
that's like a Mormon song what hurts the
most my Rascal Flatts we will we will
rock you by Queen we are young by fun
under the bridge Red Hot Chili Peppers
superstar by Lupe Fiasco stones in the
river Doug Walker that's another efy one
some nights the new one by fun sixteen
tons Tennessee Ernie Ford the scientist
by Coldplay scary monsters and sprites
by Skrillex safe and sound featuring
Cali more by Colette Butler my little
wifey is going to be there
on the run Pumped Up Kicks by Foster the
People princess of China Coldplay and
Rihanna poor Wayfaring Stranger by Cole
that button Calot Collett but you got a
nice buckle at and Kelley across
paradise by Coldplay Oh bleep Oh bleep
oh oh la dee Oh blah da by the Beatles
my immortal Evanescence my hero Foo
Fighters mad mama mama mama math madness
my muse
this is one of my favorite little Lion
Man by Mumford & Sons lightning crashes
by live any of you nineties babies out
there or you know 90s
jar of hearts by Christina Perri if I
die young The Band Perry I won't give up
Jason Mraz I will not be still
Kenneth cope good feelin Flo Rida fix
you Coldplay feel the fire Julie de
azevedo don't let me fall b.o.b Diamond
Dogs Beck coming home diddy-dirty money
come together the Beatles clocks
Coldplay the cave Mumford & Sons bring
me to life
Evanescence Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen
blown away Carrie Underwood Blackbird
the Beatles Black Pearl Jam alive Pearl
Jam those are my 43 songs what do you
think do you guys know any of those I
wish I could play them for you but I
can't cuz of copyright so those are the
songs they're gonna take me along this
journey and we're just getting ready
we're packing and we're heading to st.
George Utah tomorrow I run this thing I
will be so excited when I'm in the race
the nerves that attend me before and
just right now I'm just like it's all I
can think about cluck keeps talking to
me and I'm just like in my mind's just
like thinking like what's my strategy
how hard am I gonna push myself am I
ready should I have gotten new shoes oh
I got to get my nipple chafing cream
good one if you don't have your nipple
chafing cream your and Sol because when
you hit mile 18 those nipples getting
raw Sun anyway so we're headed tomorrow
to go run the marathon and I'm gonna
have a big ol freakin cheeseburger
without things
I can't wait okay so uh wish me luck I
love you see you tomorrow
I started down that path because I said
to Colette I said would it really be
that hard to just carry the full set of
keys down to the pool you know I mean
and as soon as I said it I was like
she's like what did you say you're like
I'm sorry it was just a mistake and I'm
like we make mistakes and I knew and I
knew right as soon as I said like would
it be so hard to carry the full set of
keys around like but I was letting that
like I'm like you know what I mean
