oh I see yeah I see you mr. happiness oh
yeah I miss you okay you guys ready for
this I'm here that whoa what kind of
content is this again
are you ready cuz that's my boring
really
I shouldn't flog this alright we got a
lot to do today the first chore of the
day is to go make our body strong really
windy rainy day one of them like Cher I
love your blog and I'm like I don't
write or we go long how do you think
that was that was that was a great
interaction it's rolled you I just can't
wait to get on the road again
like having babies for the place dad
that's rad yeah yeah I just made up my
own little round ah
this is for 10 points
hold on gage we have difficulty is high
very high don't be the one to
we are
I'm not sure what kind of concert this
is but I'm excited to find it hello my
honey hello Madeline
hello my ragtime gal oh no it's
happening happening I love this good hey
mom is a bomb - mom is mom ready yeah
nice jump mommy tired mom you want to
get LASIK
let's go any less a cronut well we'll
just go pick you up some LASIK okay
Colette Carly that's my watermelon and
she just jumped in the pool and her
makeups perfect well I didn't rub my
eyes if I rub my eyes and all of you
know that I sit down at my computer to
see another day Kevin welcome to it what
are you doing don't don't don't break
the house to the devil no hogs is Evan
seeing each other for like a week just
gonna play cool yes son
oh you got the baby in the pool did you
like it see how fun yeah get him used to
it what are you doing back there son
dizzle
chilling out - I should say baby tard
well not you love's I'm a pity tard hope
you enjoy it I hope it's a memorable one
I hope it's one you can look back on
with fondness I hope with the one that
you can enjoy in the moment right now
while we're in it what you have done so
far you did that when you were a little
girl let's see it uno dos tres eh oh you
flipped before you are ready okay no
more sugar you guys obviously don't need
it anymore
Semien land one dude one two three well
that was a quick flip nice okay yes
daughters huh Saba the best road trip of
their life and then me Emmy Minami went
to the pool Daxton and then we went into
the bathtub in pretend it was a hot tub
and used to our swimsuits a hot tub it's
just nice you have eternal sheffrin no
she's excited she's shivering yeah
exciting one even trip off the diving
board baby card hi what are you doing
baby charts back there reading her book
eating her Cheetos okay then transform
yourself oh you are
wha-hey be excited
your name's Emmie baby tart do your
magic she did her magic don't smoke that
okay that's bad for you huh it's bad for
you after the concert there's gonna be a
little party she's been scared this
entire time
well you leave yourself hey baby tar did
you jump off the diving board you having
fun it's just a cool family okay sounds
like a good plan on the airplane with
superbaby leave us the waves or maybe in
one year from now what's this do
comedians to be walking hey guys what's
going on you guys having fun at the pool
party I'm having fun Oh
rock card is eaten 14 bag of nacho
cheese Doritos Carly gave him this yeah
she said this is for California
stay awake
he's missing this whole first airplane
flight rock tarde
will you teach your sister how to play
with the iPad he's the expert he's torn
up he does mean plane with Bob dart say
iPad Mac iPad
say my dad is rad
here I go I got the ball yeah he's like
this walk wants to walk around with the
ball oh there's another one now he lost
it we brought you home this house
remember when you're born no dad I'm
only - I don't remember stuff like that
good to each other
hey did you wake up her sleeping out
time you want to go to a concert yeah
are you can kisses kisses Daxton hey
Daxton look at me guess what
you're gonna need to be potty trained
mmm-hmm give me good that wrong okay now
I'm nervous
there's a night night night night
Jackson hey say night night night
nothing moving along move along nothing
to see here mother I don't know anyways
we're home she guards our home love you
guys see tomorrow
I sit down and my computer to see what
you have done so far
today it's just nice see reality it's
just a cool family
hey good Jewish oh my gosh she's I
thought it fell off Danny my orders did
today was it still there I thought it's
I swear it fell off it's still me maybe
Logan shot it up there just to make us
feel at home I see you know cuz there's
the mark of Donnie right it was right
there in the middle we must ask Logan
where where's the dough yeah
see that little circle right there
that's where Donnie was but that's oh
look at the moon right to our window
Donnie's cousin denia that's d√©nia the
dart I can't believe her as a dart still
up there I was like there won't be a
dart over there I'm telling son tard how
July 4th happens so basically the
British came to America and they're like
all right listen Easter table we're
going to tax you guys and you're going
to give us all of your stuff constantly
right we're going to keep taxing you
we're going to taxation without
representation and our forefathers were
all like you know what forget that
that's bogus we're not gonna pay taxes
we're going to secede from you guys
we're going to go away and then the
British it all happened it happened in
Boston where yeah all of you off visible
water board it was like hey kid get to
hang out of my house get whatever I see
to a pilot what's up what's up kid you
wanna get out of Revere I'm gonna name
this town after me cable sup yeah that's
what is that
