right now with me
so today Dave Ramsey is celebrating 20
years 20 years of being on air doing the
Dave Ramsey show saving people's lives
teaching them how to get out of debt cut
up credit cards and only spend money
they have living like no one else now so
they can live like no one else later you
guys know me you've heard me rant about
him mr. Dave Ramsey the guy who has
saved and changed the life of me and my
family I would not I swear to you I
would not be where I am today if it were
not for this man and I am calling in or
they're calling me in 45 minutes to be
on the show he's had like a ton of huge
celebrities on the show and it's making
me more nervous
the more I listen I'm like these really
big stars and he's a man they called and
asked me to be on and I got two minutes
to tell some personal stories so you can
listen to my segment you just have to go
to Dave Ramsey calm and you can like
listen or you can go to the archives if
you're seeing this they know the day
after because this is happening right
now on Friday but you can go and I'll
leave a link below where you can go find
his show and listen to it but I'll tell
you what if it weren't for the
principles that I learned from listening
to this man six years ago in Phoenix
Arizona when I started listening to him
I would not I swear to you be not where
I am today so I'm about to go on air
with him and I'm nervous and excited and
I hope I say funny and the right things
I'm just calling up as a guy that knows
you from living in Franklin Tennessee
neighbors NASCAR news that Charlie
Daniels devil lives around
son you know send him on your awesome
I've been watching this is exciting this
looks like yum yum dragons she said to
make it quick I can't be quit now for
the topper 20 minutes she said two
minutes which story should I pick having
two stories I want to tell I think I'll
tell the one about how he was he came up
and started running with me at free call
on here which would get those fairly
often and and the call was then the guy
videoed the call behind the scenes have
posted it on his blog and I didn't even
know that this kind of stuff existed
15,000 followers in 24 hours because
this guy posted this thing he's that
powerful I mean he's got like a million
and a half followers on everything from
Facebook to YouTube 400 million four
hundred million video views on the
Internet
Shay Carl author of the Shaytards hey
Shay how are you
oh and bring him up when I did that all
right I'm not gonna waste any time so I
have all that crap about you save
people's lives and cheese all these
generations because everybody knows that
about you I just want to share one
personal story about you that shows and
you can tell your audience what kind of
person you are
about four months ago you invited me and
my wife down to cover on that Nashville
Country Music Marathon with you which
was harder than I expected man that was
killer
and I was about mile twenty five point
six into that brutal heat wave of a race
and all of a sudden if you know the
length of the marathon it set up the
last you know 0.33 miles they have you
make this shred of ninety degree turn
and you can't really see what the finish
line was right at that moment in that
race I was just dying I was you know
wanting to give up if anybody's running
a marathon you know at that point you
trying to get tunnel vision and you're
just like where is the relief and I
remember to this day getting a pat on
the back and looking at my shoulder look
through my shoulder and there was this
guy that I knew at the time because I
thought wait a minute they just ran a
half marathon why would you be here
running with me at the rocks about the
importance of term life insurance all
the time
that was so nice he had to cut him up
because he took too long darn it
oh man you had to get cut off yeah yeah
darn it but you got your story out that
was good she said well how long was I
always talk too much did he hear the
music coming in I couldn't hear it at
all oh dang it I should have come on
because the music came in kind of early
I was like oh crap
no I couldn't hear it I couldn't hear it
on the phone oh darn it that would have
helped if you whatever the music you
would have known to me no I couldn't
hear it at all darn it I thought I'd be
able to hear the audience too yeah it
was like these like the Grammys I got
played off yeah that was still good you
did a good job high five
there's Johnny coming I have his book
well I wish I could have heard the music
where I would have sped up my story I
hate that cuz on the phone I couldn't
hear the music and she did tell me
Lauren said I had to be really fast but
I get so long-winded I'm like oh I'm
gonna tell the story
anyways so exciting things are about to
happen because we pick up the kids and
take up the Disneyland and they have no
idea they have no idea that we're about
to take them and we're gonna go
trick-or-treating
I'm tickets to one of their Halloween
yes they do it like not Fiesta but
howlloween fans go yeah so what I was
looking for they do it every weekend
like from September 20 whatever to the
end of October and the kids we've been
trying to keep it a secret from them
because we want to see that moment when
we pick them up from school sometimes
I'll be like I have a surprise for you
right they have no idea they have no
idea so here's the question when are we
gonna tell them should we start driving
to Disneyland and say well yeah don't be
like where are you going it's the wait
are we because they're supposed to dress
up are we going to come back here no
we're gonna bring
I'm just gonna put the girls in their
princess outfits bring that and I did
their hair really pretty this morning
okay because I want to change into okay
so we're gonna go pick the kids up
they're gonna be in the van we're gonna
start driving towards Disneyland and
maybe I don't have a costume for some
charts so what do you guys think I think
you should wear that yeah anyways go
check out Dave Ramsey it was an honor to
even be considered to call in because
they're some of the most famous people
in the world calling in and being on his
show so that was an honor just to be on
there I wish I could've heared the play
off here here here did I wish I could
have here did the play off music I would
have zipped it up but I couldn't hear it
in the phone and and the commercials
were coming on if you if you're been in
radio you have to hit those posts
because if you don't hit those posts
then you get in trouble with your
advertisers so you have to like cut
people off sometimes and I just I'm mad
that I was the one that didn't hear the
music cuz like sometimes when I hear
people on the radio I couldn't hear if I
dude I know I've been in radio if I get
here that music I would have wrapped it
up cuz you know I know what it's like
when you're on the other end you're like
okay wrap it up we got to go we got to
go
cuz I've done that before when I've had
color DJ it's like okay but I couldn't
hear the music I thought I was on the
right thing from his recent stardom on
Shark Tank thank you and thank you for
calling in who knew you were out there
listening to the big huge shot you're
only 38 years old and you started it
when you're ready Mark Cuban the owner
of the Dallas Mavericks that's so
awesome what an honor to be just
considered to call in to talk to Dave
Ramsey during this 20 year celebration
anyways I'm going for a run Colette's
grabbing the kids no she's actually
going to the teddy bear be quiet Mark
Cuban she's going to the teddy bear
parade today baby tarde has they have
this thing called the teddy bear parade
and she got to make a box like a shoebox
and carry her teddy bear and they're
gonna like drag their teddy bears in
these shoe boxes with string attached
and they're gonna have a parade through
their school so she's going to watch
that I'm going for a quick run and then
we're going to Disneyland suckas
and now she's running Mama's gonna run
we had a little bit of change of plans
because Shay had to stay and get some
work done and he's gonna finish packing
the stuff forth but the excitement
surprised and then
so the teddy bear parade we were all
planning this little surprise we almost
forgot about the teddy bear parade so
I'm here at the parade and then we'll be
ready for the surprise after
well but that was on a skateboard didn't
even think of that well no better for
next year there
she's walked around this thing at least
eight times I think she's gone a couple
of miles how far do you think Andy
that's a lot of fun that's true but this
is just a teddy bear a Dada can be
frayed okay we have a very special
announcement to make
you guys listen up all right we're gonna
go somewhere you guys need to be oh
you've got the bread out you guys need
to be on your very best behavior okay
this is a place that we're gonna go to
tonight and I need you guys to be on
your best behavior what what's your
question no you're not going to the
store we put these on
please we need you to put these on go
ahead and put that on baby tard put this
tard nope just put them on Sun turn
along we have something for you put that
on please we are going to a very
exciting Halloween party at Disney
himself called us and said come tonight
to the Halloween Disneyland party
so we're gonna dress up you gotta put
these costumes on and we're gonna drive
to Disneyland right now and go
trick-or-treating are you two right so
do you guys think
take that look like John Adams are you
guys excited go to Disneyland that is
not this robbed are you excited
Disneyland I did okay so we're headed to
Anaheim right now to go to Disneyland
hey pass some of that bread up to Daddy
give me a bite of that thank you
give me that oh yeah you're gonna get my
favorite zucchini okay
princess sparkle time are you excited
look at Princess hard sparkled oh I
don't know if you didn't see it in the
car
Oh Lucy you didn't see the shimmer you
rock hard candy cries too much just a
little shimmer another cheek shimmer we
got this really shimmery stuff on their
cheeks now it's time for what it's a
time for love it
all right we are here at parking-lot
land where everyone comes to park you
singing look at this this side right
here it says Ypres I can't see it it
says let the memories begin shut up look
at all this freakin traffic these guys
are looking at us hi here they want to
be in the video
we first pulled in Rock darn sing it
again man are you guys excited right as
we pulled in Disneyland sign and don't
scream maybe turned and said dad I just
saw Disneyland plannin and I'm like yeah
I said we're going to is lunch like I
didn't think you were telling the truth
so she didn't think that we're really
coming but yes you're here okay good
news actually we didn't even have to pay
for parking we got confirmed to go to
the Mickey Halloween party and they gave
us free parking because we got a letter
saying dude I'm not gonna let you in
Disneyland can we go to the cars land we
go to the new cars room rock garden show
me your blanket talk about Nemo but yeah
we got her free parking which is good
because there's gonna be 20 bucks so
there's a Halloween party excited dude
this should be fun cuz he's getting a
little bit more you know cognitive as a
human being and he'll likely still
appreciate it a little bit more alright
so we'll see you inside the park but
wait I know what you're doing you're
staring at that timeline thing and
there's not enough time left in the
video for them to go have a fun day at
Disneyland
what's that dude that you're crying
that's centaur crying all right listen
up don't burn my house down yet tomorrow
that's when the Disney vlogs coming okay
instead of a one takes Sunday I got a
lot of footage and I'm gonna edit it I
told the nice let's just make it a
two-parter because it was so long
already it's gonna be like 40 minutes
and then lately videos on YouTube
haven't been uploading very well and
trying to upload a 40 minute video it
usually fails so we're splitting it into
two so tomorrow Sunday instead of a
one-take Sunday I am going to edit the
Disneyland vlog for you guys I've
already started editing it we have a lot
of fun footage we had a lot of fun at
the design Neil and it was ass off I
know yeah yes I did
what was your favorite part don't tell
them they have to tune in tomorrow that
was a trick question
you want me to give you another block I
know I will I'll freakin block your eye
right now a lot of people from the
Instagram picture I sent last night
thought that sunder had a black eye what
you don't follow me on Twitter suck-up
follow me on Twitter tell him follow him
on Twitter or what's gonna happen
you'll get black eye like me you want a
black eye do you want me to give you a
black guy you don't want his black eye
all right you guys tomorrow instead of
one take Sunday we will have a
Disneyland vlog the Disneyland
yeah that's rats okay
