hi I'm login here well we found rock
card the show miss Hansel peanut butter
you will not like oh dude dude okay okay
no no we gotta wash your hands
we got your hand that's what happens
when I let him make his own peanut
butter sandwich
okay uh-oh
ah just a handful of peanut butter
that's all you need
I dog eat okay time to go clean them up
there we go it's time to go to the pool
are you serious did you just get done
with your run and jump in the pool
I did you're so hot a co-inky-dink Kona
Sun for a couple my dock with the
cameras like wait for my camera okay I
just got done with my 10-mile run I like
to come down here and shower right here
and then jump in the pool cuz it like
helps my knees we're super hot it was
killer excuse like moon I feel like
that's good training in the heat because
then when I run the st. George marathon
they start the race at 5:00 in the
morning so it's not hot until like the
end of the race but it definitely is hot
and st. George yeah it makes my knees
feel better because the cool water like
reduces the stress on your knees
whatever well let's look at him I think
your knees look great babe Thanks this
is the best my knees have ever look this
is a good does a good coincidence I love
it I love you I'm gonna kiss your lips
you hear rock card hot tub yeah I want
him to sing for you guys hey Rock tart
sing record whoo singsong hey
oh he's playing his horn we will we will
rock you what made you guys decide to
come down some one day uh well wait let
me guess the kid said that's another
minute just five more minutes
okay five mile worked out just fine
that's five more minutes sickly I'm
alright baby hard yeah baby we're gone
do you have your mermaid fin let's get
the girls free they bring hair ties to
represent their NCLEX so they can be
mermaid was the mermaid typo Chur oh no
oh oh
probably got water in your ear that was
not nice dad my real Duncan later I
think that helps you be a better swimmer
for sure and then Rock charts over there
with this little marshmallow shooter
trying to blow bubbles you know
understand you're arrested and fired
sneeze first hold on watch another main
switch watching mermaid
good job will mermaid well it's cuz
you're not the favorite oh no not for a
while
No
babe you are the best mermaid of all
seriously
Merman I guess this is it
whoa that's good that's you doing look
at the little peashooter now I don't
know what you doing hey Stan wow that
was so pretty that was beautiful
that was perfect perfect all right Adam
you guys all right we're just hanging
out with two cool dudes on the streets
of Venice California we wouldn't just
got some freshly juiced Jews waiting in
man waiting it tastes good I usually get
like beets and cucumbers kale spinach
grapes lemon bunch of stuff and they
juice it for you right there and I got
like the big 32 bouncer
now we're going to get sun cards haircut
cuz we have some picture shoot today huh
a picture shoot a photo shoot
boom Shakalaka give me 360 degree turn
of handsomeness go ahead and rotate it
distinct apparel but the one in a fire
well well well well well he's handsome
yeah yeah yeah what do you think you
like it yeah what is this by the way
that you've made center at this thing
made himself a little instrument like
what x range
to make more sound she's a percussion
Meister where did you learn about that
Ringo Ringo oh yeah there was a guy
playing spoons and Ringo so he made
himself this little instrument he's been
carrying around alright get your juice
hippy let's go alright who's ready for
this photo shoot
show me your sassiest pose oh that is so
sassy let me see your sassiest post
maybe tard sassy McPherson son tard
sassiest pose sassy ins I don't know
rock guard
let's see your sassiness you got
anything nothing
spin around baby tard let me see that
hair of yours man turn around
her hair is getting long and beautiful
long and beautiful Locks of Love should
we cut it off and send it to somebody
maybe tart doesn't ever want to cut her
hair cuz I wanna be like Rapunzel you're
so adorable
alright let's go to maker studios and
get our picture taken charts plain as
spoons a night nice shirt bro
I put repre reprobate ops babe have you
guys checked Rodeo arcade there's brand
new tank tops for shayloss we have two
different colors canary yellow and cool
color red I really like these tank tops
tell me what you think check it one I
like red shirts can you tell definitely
a red shirt kind of guy okay these are
the new shayloss tank tops I like this
little badge it's like an SC with the
logo with a star and then you got three
stars on the bottom click right in the
middle of the S right now and it'll take
you right to where you can grab one of
these if you guys want if you
there's also another color and what
color do you like better do you like the
red better what'd ya get your car yeah
you do oh hey but what here's me he's
getting to that age where he starts
talking but every is like huh I like to
buy jobs John in the land of bumper
stickers this may be one of the best
ones I've ever seen may all beings be
filled with kindness and compassion for
one another that's what we need right
there kindness and compassion for other
people no matter what no matter what
religion they are what they believe in
nothing matters just love and kindness
and compassion towards everybody
can you do it yeah do it
this guy in this van can do it even
though he has kidnapped 14 children in
the Baha I just make it a joke my mega
dude oh yeah don't kidnap he is a loving
individual okay we're here to giant
halfpipe oh nice
where'd you wanna do that no you had a
kickflip with your fingers go that's
awesome
yeah you just flick it not right as you
go do it again babe you're super cute
trying to do it little baby on the white
psyche little baby running around
whoo-hoo just put a giant mark on that
you're gonna get fired from maker
studios dude let's see it boys gonna
play all right rock card tournament
dude remember break is - bro how about
you princess guard we'll see it oh man
he told you the nicepeter walking
through make more music I bet he's being
amazing hey hey that was pretty good
Oh somebody's skateboard got stuck in
the 5 gallon water jug he like checked
his engine I get it nope nope didn't get
it are you gonna do it in Oh Club armed
ready to see how his little brain works
like if I could shove it down there
oh he's staying arms these dang short
chubby arms there you go Oh get it out
get it oh it's right there
pick it hold it up for him sometime then
he can stick is our minute oh there goes
there it goes yeah yeah you got it
yeah he's like way that was funny busted
low in sugar in dairy let's see we're
trying to find a healthy ice cream
coconut milk mint chip non-dairy frozen
desert but it does lots of sugar in it
does well 13 grams of sugar as opposed
to look see one of those car valves is
just something curiosity yah dams are in
that let's check it check it one time
how many grams of sugar I mean it's all
about making choices better options you
know I'm saying sugars 19 grams how many
does that one have 13 so I mean it's a
few less grams bro a few Lots grams is a
little bit better in my book did I not
get it that prepare you what you want
make bad choices with your life whatever
you want to do with me it's time it's
Wednesday Jimmy tempted with it does
that count as sugar that's the on the
weekend bro it's late a night we just
got back from a church thing thus I'm in
my double of 7 dun dun dun don't then I
don't know the song
that's exactly that's exactly it honey
you've been working on having here
that's nine grain seed bread oh dude I
hurt my knee a little bit just doing the
Tom Cruise Ronnie oh I think I'll my 10
more under there you gotta stretch dude
I could tell him that a bit of a stretch
Waterfalls today oh yeah
stupid video Frankie's on some water
bottles today you try I don't know honey
I don't see you any if you follow me on
twitter you'll see it one of these days
I'm incredibly funny and I fell in all
these water bottles my pink everything
but honey the good news is we were very
funny you were definitely funny but we
don't know yeah hey hey you yeah you
the one with the ear lobes the one
hearing my voice right now you want to
try an experiment huh do ya yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah okay do this listen trust
me I'm not gonna make you poke yourself
in the eye take your finger open your
eye really wide no just kidding none of
that that's silly okay this is I want
you to do honestly take three deep
breaths in through your nose very
important through your nose out your
mouth and as you're breathing out I want
you to pretend that all your worries all
your cares all those things that are
frustrating you are vomiting out of your
mouth and you're gonna make a guttural
noise like I like a releasing of these
frustrations out of your mouth as you
release the air three times into your
nose in through your nose let them all
out all the stuff that's stressing it
out in the world just let it come out of
your mouth and a guttural roar one more
time through the nose Oh
now smile
haha you feel better right
you feel better huh do you try it sit up
straight in through the nose three times
let it out of the mouth you don't need
it you don't need those dirty feelings
okay you're done
good now send me five dollars post - I
just kidding click on yesterday's vlog I
thought you know that 25 minute vlog the
other day I was a good one really good
comedy for your faces and and then of
course to the right I want you to click
on that our there's well no one else
should we slate to do everything the
slate - if you made a video lately Oh No
are you slacker you're the worst
youtuber ever Denise you think is
something to the right you guys go watch
that video that Denise decided to put on
the right I don't know what she put
better be a good one
alright we love your faces we're here
picking up the kids from school doing
the end slate try that exercise honestly
it'll help you love you see you tomorrow
bye bye bye bye see ya love you yeah
we're making out Oh dad oh damn
house weird to make out like that should
I stop this Oh where's the button is
this the button
