hi I'm login here hey you guys won't go
for ride
oh so frustrated my Barbie cars not
working like it should
oh no what would I do hey when they fall
over he gets mad it's time for school
it's time for school
its morning time let's go wake up the
round head nation it's time to rise it's
another day it's time to rise hey hey
hey it's time to rise rise and shine
little girls little girls of mine good
morning hey Pete izl face wake up it's
time to go oh ho that's a face to face
not everyone you ready to go to school
you guys you ready coaches of learning
stop that tickles
alright going outta bed let's go come on
Bert start how's that loose tooth treat
now you want to pull it out okay here
let me see it here jump jump to your
father Joel we got come on you guys
we're gonna extract it - do we have a
freaking brown over here we have a clear
out it's the same thing here come on you
want to choose extractions look watch
we're gonna play your sisters - down you
sit down right here
as I heard rocked hard look look at her
to see here - look at that see that
we're gonna pull it out huh see that
watch your tooth rock hard she's gonna
come up okay hold still open your mouth
their tooth like Adams turn see your
tooth almost got it
oh dude move your hands it doesn't hurt
good tooth extraction in the Shaytards
house oh good morning we just rip your
tooth out of your face look at walked
away
look her she fell out look no she's
bleeding
he looks really concerned
let me see your cheek or pull your teeth
out now what is happening what are you
guys doing here let me see your tooth if
we pull your tooth out can we pull your
tooth out pull your tooth out let's see
it let's see how many teeth is this now
weena account up you got into a charged
tooth count let me see your tooth where
exactly how much I lost how many eight
six one no that's your night let me see
smile yeah you guys have lost two faces
all right get ready for school
you bought a heads huh all right should
we actually tell you guys the truth we
tell them the truth were you guys really
asleep what you guys really asleep
without holding was an act calm did she
do a good job brick it is actually ten
o'clock on Tuesday what is it Wednesday
today's Wednesday happy Yom Kippur are
not going to school there's no school
today we didn't have any footage from
yesterday so we're recording a little
bit this my polish I got all the footage
from yesterday I did not get any what
but the cool thing is princess Hart came
in she's like dad I want to pull my
tooth out and like hey I'm like I'm
gonna be footage for yesterday I said
you guys go get get in your bed and act
like it's you were getting ready for
school that whole thing was an act that
you just saw princess tart was totally
awake she was just totally acting give
me a balance dude who are you fool did
it work
three guys pulled a scene the two thing
that was real where
we really did rip the tooth out of her
fence that's why sundar didn't know and
he's like wait a minute I thought we
didn't have school today
oh no you ruined our cover bro all right
let me see smile smile
yeah dude you guys good teeth art I've
seen better all right here you go don't
forget to put it underneath the pillow
how much money think the Tooth Fairy
will bring you down you're making a
killing on the teeth all right
happy Yom Kippur the kids don't have
school today good morning this is how I
really look in the morning
Horrocks hard excuse me did you hear
that oh really
dude is it time for me to get a haircut
I think so
hey hey hey how's it going hi this is my
Frankenstein here dude does it look like
my head kind of comes up like in a
square like I could be Frankenstein you
could be Frankenstein's you're so ugly
what oh snap I want you to go back there
and I want you to watch this sexy walk
I'm gonna prove to you that I'm not ugly
well I'm just super excited just I'm
gonna sing a song as I walk down the
catwalk I hope you don't mind cuz I'm a
multi-talented kind of guy I do sexy my
song la la la and some cat man
this is starting to evolve there is some
kind of madness is starting to evolve
some kind of madness okay baby head
rushing here we go Bologna red all the
blood going to your baby bring on the
blood going on
okay let's see some pull ups to d5 grab
on five ready no mom no uh-huh that
Beatles shirt it's the right I just
follow pull pull you're doing judo come
on hey ready I'm gonna help you Freddie
pull pull up pull up yeah there you go
pull up - pull up three pull up oh yeah
rock tide you're totally right yeah I
just we're doing with him on my back you
ready hold on tight what if he's wrong
well then he'll die and then we'll be
sad I want to pay for a funeral
okay so just think about the
consequences here we go take you to hold
on tight on tight hold on tight guys do
bomani hold up right here okay ready
hold on tight because daddy's gonna pull
up okay squeeze daddy's neck tight ready
here we go hold on tight I'm fine here
we go ready
yeah you're alright I caught you guys
that can hold on the front like this
like a monkey be my like a monkey can
you hold like a monkey come on try to a
baby start mmm be a monkey you be a
monkey your hold on to Daddy hold on to
Daddy okay watch I'll do it like this
okay ready come here okay ready ready I
don't think he likes this baby stun it
you're being a baby sunburn you're
supposed to laugh at failure when you
laugh don't you know it's funnier when
you're having a good time there you go
babies I'll take babies chuckle well put
my goodness that's fun yeah that's fun
hahaha all right so I'm going on a bike
ride I'm gonna try to get sixty miles in
today we'll see how it goes my longest
bike ride up to date is 48 miles well
let me just say 50 I'm gonna try to get
50 miles 60 mile or take me like 4 hours
so I'm gonna get 50 miles today all
right mr. bicycle let's do this thing
Oh
spaghetti time it's spaghetti time again
okay princess tarts favorite time I am
back oh my goodness this is the farthest
I have ever ridden a bicycle in my
entire life I would say on those grounds
alone we can count shaytember a success
can't we can I say that hold on you guys
I was thinking that I have done
something today that I've never done
before in my entire life and that is
good that is growth that is progress
fifty four point six miles on this baby
boy right here
this is Casey's bike actually thanks
case let me use your bike I was dying
there was at points I had to get off and
run because I've hurt too bad to pedal
and it felt better to run so I just I
went to a Ciroc tard gel what's the
matter with him
gotta go Rock charts being annoyed he
gets mad when his noodles fall off of
his fork or his sandwich falls apart oh
he's really getting ratty let's turn the
camera we don't want to film this moment
yeah he's he's very particular about
things sometimes like yesterday he was
trying to set a ball and it wouldn't hit
sit still so he's healing it hold still
or he's like stay ball and he starts
yelling he gets really frustrated so we
got to turn the camera off in those
moments daddy we don't have school
tomorrow what
how come another Jewish holiday do we
need to become Jewish
all these holidays Jewish holiday
tomorrow so what how would I Jewish so
he said something else Christian
for Christian no give me a lot of
different legends Christian means you
believe in Christ you believe that he is
your Savior that he redeemed the world
and that because of him you'll be
resurrected and a few follows
Commandments you can live again in
eternal life right we could be Muslim
there's a lot of different religions
that's cute are you Jewish or Christian
oh my legs are killing me odubel shalom
Elena Odawa Shalom Aleinu or you're
shallow mulling over outcome solemn
Avenue they'll come sunup hey guys it's
pretty intern I'm Jewish if you didn't
know and that song is nothing about
about God or being Jewish being
Christian bring it just means hey bring
peace upon all of us let's let's have
some of that piece because that's good
stuff
so obviously today is Yom Kippur if
you're not Jewish maybe now you know and
it's pretty much just you know it's a
new year it's a new start so if there
are things that maybe not proud of or
you wish you could take back there are
some sins there's actually this old
thing like where you put bread in your
pockets and you go to a bridge and then
you just like take the bread out of your
pockets and you throw it over the bridge
and those like represent your sins and
you just like throw it off the bridge
and it's a new start
I've never done that because I like to
eat bread or give it to ducks but I hear
that's a cleansing thing anyway happy
new years to all of you if you are
celebrating Yom Kippur and if not
whatever it doesn't matter what you are
as long as you're smiling choose to be
happy don't choose to be a certain
religion if you don't want to be or if
you do one of it is this getting weird
no not at all alright anyway I feel free
to click to left or to the right or the
one to three you know do I'll catch you
later bye hasta manana that's it for
Spanish
