hi I'm login here alright stand at
attention stand at attention
go get in line go get in line the three
stooges here rock card stand there okay
put your hands your side say yes sir che
sure say I am part of the shaycarl army
I am Knight I am your soldier I will
listen to everything my uncle che has to
say set of straight soldiers salute
Roger I'd salute salute very god that's
the worst salute ever my grandpa would
be disappointed in you
all right now go forth and clean this
apartment ok goo sure we'll go watch the
law rugs my ground by Eugene was a
colonel in the Air Force and he required
a very straight salute and whenever you
would see him he would he would give you
that slew and you'd have to do it back
and if you did it like wrong if you were
like grubaugh he would like make you put
it like right in the right spot so if
you don't know how to salute you can't
be part of the shaycarl army this is her
rock card he's like he's good so I just
got these two hooligans because all the
moms the hotness and hairspray clan is
shooting the new intro for the moms view
I got the three boys hung guys we're
gonna have some fun gauges eating an
apple on a samurai sword oh it's not my
bad what's that called
their own it blew so much Wow gage what
kind of sort is that duh I knew that
it's a ninja sword I'm so silly samurai
was I thinking hey my car it's clear
yeah and wait is this my car right you
do like it I'm totally gonna buy it
great you all know they can sit right
here right the stone rebuttal work yeah
I have fun legs there's no a little good
thing you're short because this part is
tiny
we've done a couple shots that I'm
probably the segment over that's just so
it looks like you're a little bit taller
it should be here is that up oh no was
that up during my other part of my shoot
if it was totally gonna have to scrap
the whole thing yeah issues guys we
showed the car does not look right now
we're going to shoot a scene where we
take out a number vehicle yeah that's
gonna be off I let it know that the
great what are we gonna do I'm not going
to run into it we're just gonna take em
out dude
that's for me I call does my craft
service Hey
heated with um there's mommy time so I
found something out just now I know when
Shea beard is gonna launch officially
December 1st is going to be the day that
shape beard the Viking makes his
premiere his debut on YouTube and I'm
gonna tell you this I have seen the
first episode and I'm really really
happy with it it came out better than I
expected as that seemed weird it did
it's really good the animation is
hilarious and I'm excited I can't wait
it sucks it so long away it's still 2
months but December 1st officially it's
gonna launch I got these annoying orange
posters if you didn't see the podcast I
did with Bob Chen's we're gonna give it
away some of these annoying orange
posters and go check it
gloves the new podcast for the bathroom
what's going on guys
Bret the intern here I want to tell you
a secret okay
some of you wonder what a producer does
you should Bret the producer what do you
do I do a lot of things but one thing
that's very exciting let me show you
don't click it what do you do don't look
it up
isn't that cool I'd link outside of
YouTube and sue don't tell Google but
yeah Shaytards can now link not just to
other videos but to other sites I know
I'm a nerd I think that's cool but if
you think it's cool just just show him
so that's what producer does he goes to
the bathrooms and links and annotations
okay back to your regularly scheduled
flog and out Bobby how you doing I get
that one bogus Greg Greg Grundy him so
glad you're doing so well it's really
good stop it right now knock it off with
the stupid annoying voice I'm serious
hey okay so I'm going to pick up the
children right now from their school and
it's cool having three of them in school
at once and I especially love the baby
tart has all-day school with the kids
because I really feel like that's gonna
help her grow up and stop sucking her
thumb she's been doing a lot better
lately but she's like the full-day
school you know she's just barely turned
five she goes do a full day of school
Monday through Friday I think it's
really good for her and they're learning
a lot they really are I'm really liking
the school system here in California
it's not as bad as they say it is I know
they say it's bad I don't know what they
say about the public education system in
California I think it's pretty good
there seems to be some smart people to
come from California anyways I want to
talk to you guys about happiness is a
choice Jay here talked about that all
the time well I had a very specific
opportunity to choose happiness these
last three or four days you guys know
about my uncle passing away and us
driving you know the 700 miles Phoenix
to go to his funeral and then we found
out my little brother Logan suffered a
concussion at one of his football games
and there's some other stuff that's
going on than just like it's easy to not
choose happiness in those moments it's
easy to fill downtrodden and depressed
and it's okay to mourn like there's some
times where you can't just always be
like hi I'm happy I'm happy no matter
what there's there's times for
seriousness and reflection but mostly
you got to make those choices to
overcome those natural feelings of
depression and discouragement and those
things that come to all of us that is
just a fact of life at one time and it
happens every day you know depending on
the kind of day you're having you have
those feelings of you know whatever it
is worthlessness or just like you don't
feel like it anymore you feel
discouraged or what's the point those
are the times where you have to say what
am I going to do this is the opportunity
I have to choose happiness let me give
you a very specific exam we went like I
said to Phoenix this weekend to go to my
uncle's funeral we drove six and a half
hours to get to Phoenix my mom rented a
hotel that was right near the Phoenix
Airport because my dad flew in from New
Mexico he was hunting with my brother
Casey and my mom also flew in and so
they got a hotel that was right next to
the airport well when my mom called
Colette Nassif's if we were coming to
the airport she's are coming to the
funeral we said yes we definitely want
to be there I felt like it was a good
opportunity for my kids
to learn life just felt like a good
thing for my kids to be out I always
feel like anytime you can be with
extended family and have my kids meet
their cousins and you know family they
don't get to see very often is a very
good opportunity so we said yes we're
coming so my mom said well why don't you
get a hotel room in the same hotel as us
so we're like yeah that makes sense
let's get a hotel room in the same hotel
well to come to find out on that Friday
morning when we woke up to go to my my
uncle's viewing we found out that his
viewing was 40 minutes west of the
airport hotel that we were staying in
which if you know your geography from
Los Angeles to Phoenix you would know
that the night before that means that we
drove past where the viewing was 40
extra minutes to get to the to the it
was in Scottsdale where this this
viewing was so at 3:00 in the morning
when we could have just rented a hotel
that was right next to where the viewing
was we traveled 40 minutes past where
the viewing was and then the next
morning had to wake up only having four
hours of sleep to go 40 minutes back the
direction that we already had traveled
to go to this viewing and then we were
late so we're on the way to the viewing
and I and we finally realized this and I
was like asking clothing like well why
don't we just get a hotel room that was
right next to where the viewing is
because you know we had to drive all
night you can understand the frustration
right and we're driving and we didn't
realize the distance from the viewing to
where our hotel was and it was
frustrating I thought we spent all this
time all this energy to get down here
and now we're gonna miss it because the
viewing was from 11:00 to noon and then
the female started at noon no no no
sorry it was from 9 doesn't matter when
it was basically we're gonna miss this
this thing that we had spent all this
time to go to so we're driving and I was
so frustrated I just like oh it's so
inconvenient and I was so tired and it
was that moment where was like what are
you gonna do Shay you gonna choose
happiness right now where you can get
all pissed off and and you know cuz it
had been very easy for me to say to
Colette well what are you why don't you
ask where the viewing was and and where
the hotel was and now we're gonna miss
the viewing we drove all this way and we
could have gotten a hotel closer to the
place and we're 40 minutes east of where
we should have liked I could have said
all that stuff but there was that moment
there was that little small moment where
I had that choice to say am I gonna let
this upset me or am I gonna get over it
and just decide to not let it affect me
and it was hard I'm not gonna lie to you
there you know and Colette was
frustrated too because it was one of
those things it was just an oversight
you know what I mean it wasn't like you
know my mom purposely wanted us to be at
her two hotel she knew it was gonna take
us longer to get to the thing in the
morning but little things like that
that's what I'm talking about those
little things in life that after the
fact one when it was over we ended up
getting there we had like 20 minutes
left we got there we got to see my uncle
you know we got to go to the viewing and
then we were there for the funeral and
it was a good experience and it was okay
after the fact but during that time
while we were headed there and we were
late it was so easy to choose
frustration and anger it was so easy or
natural almost a lot of you might say to
pick that that frustrating feeling but
instead I asked myself what are you
gonna do what are you doing this
opportunity so that that's what I mean
when I say choose happiness because you
do whether you think it's true or not
that opportunity is yours you can choose
to get angry to get frustrated to get
downtrodden or you can choose to take
the high road and I know it's a cliche
and it sounds like whoa yeah but you
won't be happier if you do it and if you
are happier you'll be more successful it
doesn't work the other way around
you're not happy once you become
successful if you're happy you will
become more successful so change that
thinking in your mind don't think well
once I graduate from school or once I
get married or once I achieve this one
thing then I'll be happiness because
I'll tell you what once you reach that
thing your benchmark will be moved once
you reach that sales record that sales
quota or once you reach those grades
you'll move it up farther and if you
never get happiness until you reach
whatever that thing is you set up in
your mind then you'll never be happy so
switch it be happy during the journey
and then you will achieve the success
that you're looking for and that's where
you're trying to find that happy
so that's my little motivational talk
today but I've been studying this a lot
lately I really have I've really kind of
been trying to take this to heart you
know my own little scene which I didn't
invent you know happiness is a choice is
not my saying it's been said by a lot of
people but to really kind of like take
it for what I say you know and like
really try to choose the happiness and
I've been studying it a lot lately and I
found this new book I'll have to share
with you guys later
but it's so true you will achieve
success
if you're happy during the journey
because if you're happy your brain
functions better you're more creative
you're more motivated you're more
enthusiastic and therefore he'll be more
successful so stop trying to find
happiness after success find happiness
and then you'll achieve success okay
okay guys now go out and be happy let's
go get these little brats from school
you guys were getting ready to film one
of the shots with Carly and Kaylee can
we out of the building now this was our
giant light thingy majiggy bop Sheils
the light from being like glaring in
their faces
all right so you guys were getting the
last shot of the day it's the martini
shot as they call it right down this is
the martini shot teenisha
it is it is a martini shot and here's
the martini right here look Chaffin has
this we had a sandbag we got his wallet
and a mirror we're getting crappy around
here today I put my money where my
camera is exact hour what you got there
dude
my very own grill your very own room
yeah so it's like this is kind of the
red chair even though it's not red this
is rock parts bed this is my bed with
the tent okay this is like the oh yeah I
see it that's like your little a covered
wagon huh
in my very own room you had to make it
out of these weird things yeah how was
school okay
what'd you do what'd you learn about
that sounds enthralling we know wish I
could have learned that trying to
connect with the answer but in your head
and like an easier way so Mike let's say
34 34 plus 70 so there's two ways you
add 35 cent tip scrap three in the one
okay so and then the three in the lummix
for right yep
so then add 7 & a 4 7 8 9 10 11 so then
it's 11 so we carry the 1 4 on top and
then it's 5 so 51 yeah so you're
learning how to do addition in your head
yeah but that's one of the ways the
other way is you do it long like this
way but then instead of like let's say
32 plus 15 so instead of instead of
writing 32 plus 15 you write 32 plus 10
and then so that's right away 42 because
you said 10:30 - so then plus 5 42 b-47
research yes you break it up so it's
easier that makes sense we said and we
learned which way is easier in the way
were you up to do
yeah that's good man you're good at math
that's what caused you to be adding up
all your dollar dollar bills y'all right
am i right son ha ha yeah you're gonna
be super successful huh yeah okay sounds
good okay so we have the camera over
there on the floor because we're trying
to get the shot without me having to
actually drive and do it but it wasn't
looking right you could just see my nice
chin and then up my nose you can see all
these nose hairs did you guys want to
see those I'm sorry I'm not going to
show them do so now we're trying it this
way we're gonna have it up on the
steering wheel and I'm just gonna take
you guys for a drive it's gonna be
awesome I hope it looks like crash
because there's a camera in my face this
is him this is what we go through for
you guys to get good footage so you
better be thankful for it right fried
chicken you better be thankful oh come
on you should have seen Chapin he has
ridden this car at least 50 different
ways today he was on the hood of it
sitting next to me on the seat or not on
the seat on the door and he was on the
back so he is working hard for it today
sound girl even hiding
you look so sneaky back dude where'd you
get this dead I need a booster again
they're looking for a phone booth or a
phone booth they're looking for a phone
book for me and little known fact on the
mom see when I'm sitting on the couch
I usually nine times out of 10 have to
have a sand bug put under a sand bag put
under my cushion so that I'm higher what
can I say I have a short torso I can't
help it
my mom gave it to oh look at the
children how was your day yeah what'd
you learn I can't remember oh good well
I'm glad you came to school then would
you learn hey that seemed sarcastic what
you learned today you tired from all
that running Sondra do you have rock
star today don't you yeah
Oh playing the guitar what time is it
start
right three centaurs playing the guitar
again this year he's playing rockstar
500 plus he has an after school program
where makes his own scheme when are you
gonna get your skateboard well I'm gonna
get it at the end of eight weeks but
next I need bison pads yeah did we'll
get helmets and pads round three the San
Mac was a little bit too big and I
wasn't able to steer and so since I'm
really driving this time we have to be
austere obviously and so now we got the
wallet and a sweater only it is wrapped
in cheap shoes sweaters or shoes so we
got you a letter some chickens Chico his
wallet
and I think we're gonna get the shot I
think we're gonna get it this time we
this has got to be the time third time
they see the shot in the video they're
really gonna appreciate it okay just
appreciate us thumbs up just for this
shot okay what is today it is Braley's
birthday see you guys got all your
presents signing what'd you get her tell
me I want to know what you got her tell
me go you're a jewelry maker with one
week old stuffed in nothing better than
an old stuffed animal that's what I
always say what'd you get her um I got
hurt oh yeah like there's like a bag and
it like has a little bit it has like a
on it in my clunker lines and then as
markers and you can decorate it
Wow and you look fabulous for the party
by the way with your little shawl you're
the princess coming to the party
oh yes you look fancy - where's your
belt I like that belt you got you attach
a little bow to it look at these the
girls got themselves ready she attached
a little bow looks like it's a barrette
from her hair to her belt and she has
her headband with a bow attached to as
well turn around let me see that hairdo
I like the braids okay baby try what did
you get really a what a hudsucker maker
Oh freaking pot liqueurs let me see
well you can make headbands what do you
think rock card where's your present
you're getting it ready
is that your present for Bailey second
view for Bailey
yeah anything where's your shoes come on
when I go to the party
that's cute is that yours okay I guess
that's not for Bailey okay go your shoes
I want to go to the birthday party
hustle all right so it's Braley's
birthday she's turning eight years old
right Braley's turned in a so we're
going to their house right now
Casey's not in town because he's in New
Mexico tried to find an elk to kill
which I actually heard that he didn't
see one of his season's over the hunt of
our show yes we did see a black bear and
now he's headed to Wyoming I think to go
and elope honey he's just gallivanting
across the countryside looking for
animals to kill antelope you know the
they're like white and tan they have
horns here's my antelope impression I'm
an antelope please don't shoot me okay
okay
it's hard being an antelope out here on
the plains I know I am haha I just like
the sagebrush I'm Jack Rabbit aha no
compression let's see you do a better
antelope impression I bet you can't okay
say later go cheer me a hug it who
farted
not me you what watch this watch
no my rabbit beast eale don't cry
alright at the van let's go to the party
alright the birthday girl is opening
their presents and as a princess often
here who can be more princessy err open
Empress Jill we got Carly styles in the
house we got rock face we got the pizza
eater
watch watch your nose thing really
carefully you can see your door yeah
watch would you say I don't know what
babe we were watching you do your nose
thing the while she eats he doesn't know
Stan vir is that funny to you why is
that speaker she doesn't she always do
that tell them doesn't she she always
knows like this for - she's our rabbit
Railly do you like your presence or not
good oh he's angry Rock - I give Carly
kisses have a K kiss right here don't
think about it just do it
have a kiss stain you have me a kiss
don't smile don't smile
oh he wipes it off
by the birthday girls here he was
showing us some attitude watch out
ladies tackle him go tackle Oh get her
thank you
won it off into the video I was just
we're sitting here in the office right
now with Jeff say hey guys it's going
say hi Brett hi Brett how's it going and
Brad you can't ahead of yourself you
already bought yourself in the bathroom
you pervert you better have washed your
hands that was my camera we're just
sitting here talking about how every
time I do an in slate I'm like I've said
that before or whenever I can't think of
anything I'll just immediately go to
song or I'll start doing my radio DJ
boys well thanks for watching the video
today everybody like to hear belly Joel
he has a new album out by the way Green
Day did you see him freak out at the I
love music thing and then as soon as he
like freaks out he goes do you have the
time to listen to me why it's like we
just got done listening to you whine
Billie Joe Armstrong is he is that what
they said I love Billy Joe actually I'm
gonna say this right now out of all the
concerts I've ever been to Green Day the
for Green Day concerts are the best
concerts I've ever been to they always
put 110% into all their shows if you
ever get a chance to see a Green Day
concert go see it you guys know I'm a
big green fan anyways let's get back to
the insight to the left is yesterday's
vlog to the right click on that our
might take you someplace magical and
mystical not to never Neverland but to a
little place called rodeo or a new tank
tops are up tell me if you like and we
might do some t-shirt options let me
know in the comments what colors you
guys like and we might do some of those
and this is the last week of calendar
giveaways for the secret annotations but
be watching very closely because you
might be able to win something else for
free and we're sending out the Annoying
Orange posters today that we gave away
from the podcast where those will be
coming to five of you five of you that
might be coming out too but I'm serious
be watching for those secret annotations
or they're not going to be any more
calendars but there might be something
else wink wink wink wink okay see you
tomorrow love you bye
