so stressing me out
yes okay bye
did you get finish the Johnson file I've
been working on all morning you're
supposed to be done with it and put on
my desk well if you want if you would
let me at least finish it I'd be done
with it by now if you don't subscribe to
a clock then you're gonna get fired
if you're fired we'll have any sense for
your kids to buy well I don't want kids
then you are not a good dad your bump
fire and seen good job take a bow take a
bow you're that Johnson file done yet oh
good job good and that is our skit for
today we hope you wait a minute I'm the
CEO of this company you're all fired
what's today princess tarde played the
role of the project manager good job
thank you very much she wanted to put
her mommy's glasses on we came up with
this kid idea on the way home from
church today son tarde played the
schlepping the office who had to finish
the Johnson file is it done yet what is
the Johnson file maybe that's why you
haven't finished it
yeah Johnson file is a long ways to go
and then of course baby tard
who had the funnest time getting into
her mother's jewelry played the CEO and
she fired him both good job guys all
right you need a home homework now
uh-huh okay good job
what's up everybody it is one take
Sunday I am gonna get out of this suit
mommy tart is not with us today she is
on a shoot all day for a brand new moms
view intro this is funny cuz yesterday I
was on a shoot all day long if you saw
my Instagram from like midnight last
night I was on
set for was one of those 13 hour days is
just constant sweating and waiting
around and making a video I can't wait
for this one to come out but we've been
let me just tell you about my life in
the last 72 hours or something so I was
in Northridge California filmed all day
Thursday as soon as I was done with that
I drove from Northridge back to Venice
got to go do some voiceover work with
that person who had the the voice who's
like as famous as Morgan Freeman but I
can't tell you and I saw some of your
comments some of you got it right I
can't say who it was
anyways as soon as I was done with that
you guys saw from the blog the vlog we
left we drove to Phoenix left at 9
o'clock at night we drove to Phoenix
it's a six-hour drive we got there at
about 3:00 3:30 in the morning we stayed
at a list like Days Inn or something we
checked in and then the kids because I
slept they all fell asleep at like 9:30
they got like a nice 6 hour nap so by
the time we got to the hotel me and
Colette were exhausted but they were all
like waking up like whoa we're in a new
city at a hotel and they're all excited
and giddy and it was kind of fun because
they're all giggling and tickling each
other but me and Colette were just
exhausted because the viewing for my
uncle was the next morning at 9:00 a.m.
so we got like you know we got in by the
time we got all the kids and checked
into the hotel it was like 3:30 by the
time I finally settled the kids down as
like 4:00 in the morning and so it's
like we had you know four hours to sleep
because we had to wake up the next
morning at 8 a.m. to get ready to go to
this Vitas viewing for my uncle I woke
up it was like 6:00 in the morning and
Colette was crying and I'm like what's
the matter she's like rawr just
head-butted me cuz when he gets like
like where he can't sleep he's just like
running and jumping all and he's like
this aggressive little two-year-old he's
just like this ball of power the kid is
strong and he like a lot of times you
parents know you like lay in bed and the
kid you just try to like you know put
fences mom and dad fences around him and
just keep him in bed and just try to
keep him behaving but he's like
jumping all over the place and he ended
up head-butting Colette really hard like
right in the face and the nose and this
after you know driving six hours and
we're tired so I wake up and she's
crying so I grab Akhtar and I'm just
like hold still and I like literally put
him like in this bear death grip and
like you were not moving you're gonna
lay on this bed with me and I just wrap
my arms around it and he's like and
finally I won the battle because a lot
of time with two-year-olds that's what
it takes is just like holding them down
until they finally submit so finally he
falls asleep
Colette goes to sleep we get a couple
hours of rest and we get up get ready we
drive to the viewing and there was no
footage that's why we did one take
yesterday I hope you guys understand not
that we didn't like I just don't want to
film the funeral you know because of I
don't know how the other family would
react and I just feel like that's like
and of a personal thing and you know I
don't I don't wanna you know film
something that you know my uncle how
maybe wouldn't have approved of or I
don't know so I just felt weird to film
the funeral so we didn't so we didn't
have any footage so we got down with the
funeral we drove across town to the
burial it was a hundred and seven
degrees or something i standing there in
my suit at the at the grave where would
they put him in the grave what's up dude
you coming up and it wasn't it hot dude
tell mehat it was at the funeral oh I
was watching on the news 105 degrees
under 5 I lied to him I told him was 107
but probably fluctuated a few degrees
alright so how was how his uncle's how
was our uncle's funeral do you like it
yeah I doesn't know weird that you would
say that but why well it's not something
that you like right it's it's a kind of
like a sad thing yeah
yeah that's you're right not that you
liked it and had a good time but it was
a good experience so don't you think we
got to see a lot of our extended family
what to learn about our uncle they told
stories about him we got to remember his
life and celebrate every time as you
said we're going fishing he definitely
would go right he was like the biggest
outdoorsman there was do you remember
what our aunt said was his one of his
favorite memories
remember I wrote it down actually here
fill me
let me grab this little when I was when
we were at the funeral I wrote I had
this little book that I keep in my suit
coat where I write like little fillings
that I have and I just wrote a few
things he said one of his favorite
memories my aunt was reading like kind
of some my errs of his one of his
favorite memories of all time was a
Christmas he was before he got married
he was a young man he was out hunting
and he decided to not go home for
Christmas and so he spent Christmas Eve
at Courthouse Rock maybe some of you
know where this place is
Courthouse Rock on Eagle Tail Mountain
which I think is in oh yeah Arizona I
remember that but if anybody knows where
courthouse Rock on Eagle Tail mountain
is that was one of them my uncle who
passed away he had written on his
computer that I was one of the best
Christmases he'd ever spent because he
was just out there he said he had like a
transistor radio and there was like you
know Christmas songs on and he said he
was just out there listening to the
birds and he had a huge fire a big fire
and he just said spent this Christmas
all by himself if you knew my uncle he
was like mr. outdoorsman he loved the
outdoors and anyway so it was a good
experience we got to see our family and
we haven't seen in a while and then what
did we do so right after the why after
we got done when we went to the
gravesite what did we do Oh
after the gravesite yeah we went
swimming you're right you guys took it
yes siree Bob
my mom and dad bless their hearts we
went back to the hotel now it's like
4:00 in the afternoon at this point and
you know me and Colette have had like
three hours of sleep and just drove all
night so we went back to the hotel and
my mom and dad took all of the kids
swimming and me and Colette got like a
two hour nap which was very nice by the
time they came back was like it's not
long enough Wednesday I'm tired so then
that same day right after they got back
from swimming we got him all ready
because I had a shoot and Colette had
Scout training she had an all-day Scout
training yesterday on Saturday at 8 a.m.
so then we get back in the van then we
leave at about 7 o'clock at night Friday
night and we drive all the way back and
we get back here Friday night at like
two in the morning you know another six
and a half hour drive and because
Colette had to get up at 8 a.m. to go to
scout training all day I drove so I
drove six and a half hours listening to
George Noory a.m. coast-to-coast of any
of you know that he this guy who has
this AM show and he talks about like
demons and like UFO encounters and
spirits sightings and stuff it was kind
of trippy because one I'm delirious
because I've only slept like you know
five hours in 48 hours and I've driven
like 700 miles at this point but I'm
listening to this radio show where they
have these call-in guests are calling in
like tell these stories about when
they've seen ghosts and seen spirits and
stuff so it definitely kept me awake it
was a good show to listen to driving
from Phoenix back to Los Angeles so we
get back here at 2:00 in the morning put
the kids to bed and then the next
morning we wake up classic it up at 8
a.m. go to scout training all day I get
up feed the kids breakfast and then
danna-banana our good friend Anna
Richards she came and watched the kids
and then I went back up to Northridge
California and was on set yesterday for
13 hours filming something with Sam
macaroni and a huge crew I was counting
as I was sitting there waiting for them
to change lights there's like 38 I think
at the most that I counted 38 people on
set which is kind of intimidating when
it's your turn and there's like 30
people standing behind the camera and
San macros the directories like camera
rolling Sound speed action and I have to
perform my lions and there's
30-something people behind the camera
watching me perform but it was weird in
the sense that it wasn't as hard as it
was when I first started doing it when
we first moved out here to LA and I went
on a set for take 180 and was Shrek
which I think that's been taken down
you guys remember if any of you been
watching me for a while I did for take
180 I did this thing where I was Shrek
and I remember going on that set and
there was like 20 people house maybe
like the first big like official set
that I've been on and there were so many
people and I was like this is
intimidating but now I just feels like
well especially with maker because
everybody that works there like I've
known for four years now so we're all
friends anyways then I was filming last
night till about 1:00 drove to Venice
from Northridge which is about a
45-minute Drive went to bed last night
of like 2:00 in the morning
then I had to get up this more
8:30 well I got up at 7:30 because I
have a ward council meeting I'm the
primary president I'm the Sunday school
president at church so that I have to
have seen called Ward council which
means I have to go to the meeting with
like some of the other leaders in the
church anyways so that's what I did in
the last 72 hours and that's why we
didn't vlog very much of it because it's
been a lot of driving and filming and
funerals we're home from church it's
2:15 in the afternoon and guess what I'm
gonna do I'm gonna upload this video I'm
gonna take a freaking nap cuz I have
probably slept maybe eight hours in the
last 72 hours or so it's been insane we
love you guys happy Sunday to you we
appreciate you guys watching these
videos and being a part of our lives
giving us this opportunity we knew this
was gonna be a crazy weekend and we are
appreciative of you guys for being
patient with the vlogs and understanding
why they aren't the best so I hope you
liked that little skit maybe we'll start
doing those every Sunday skit Sundays
we'll do like a skit Sunday slash one
taker maybe we should just do more of
those right cuz those kids are hilarious
and you guys like them more than me
don't you we'll see you guys tomorrow I
think we have some footage honey she's
gone she's at a shoot right now I think
we all get some footage so we can upload
it tomorrow exhausted I'm gonna take a
nap I'm gonna duct-tape the children
down to their beds stick socks in their
mouths and then I'm going to take about
a five or six hour now it's gonna be
glorious see you guys tomorrow okay
bye okay cameras rolling and action okay
right did you get the Johnston file done
yet I'm working on 101 you're supposed
to be done with that at noon either on
my desk well if you want let me finish
it but if you would let me finish it for
two seconds I could I could finish it if
you don't finish it at 2 o clock then
you'll get fired
whoa it was rolling action oh stressing
me out
I'm done bye it's the johnson piyo done
I'm working on it all morning it's
supposed to be on my disk at noon well
if you would leave me alone for two
seconds I could get it done if you don't
finish it at two o'clock because then
you won't have anybody to buy food for
your kids we're stressing me go away we
love it
hold on
