hi I'm login here well we're in the mall
and rocked hearts been making round oh
now it's going further he's getting
further and further every time notice
little gallop round are you galloping
are you little baby bored
yes mom so distracted I can't get them
to sit still outside that once a game on
my phone and that didn't even work I
guess we're just gonna have to wait
please
sleepy enough levy balloons Phoebe bones
so we're just eating at the mall and
yeah Kelly I'm looking for a black shirt
I need a long-sleeve black shirt for my
shoot on Sunday and I don't know how
much I want to tell you guys about it
yet good to be a prize it's for the moms
for you relaunching our new season of
the moms you and all I can tell you is
I'm going to be an all black and it's
going to be really awesome that's about
it oh there he goes again round 17
get really tired okay so you can sleep
so I can shop like a maniac that's why I
bring the stroller sleep and shop all
right all righty then all righty righty
right even one yes what are we doing
guys we're eating dinner without Oh
without our Father well I'm not your
father your mother your mother J is at a
shoot he's gonna shoot all he's been a
shoot he's gonna shoot you know he's
been at a shoot all day long
so we miss him terribly but we've been
getting ready to go
Arizona we're driving Arizona tonight I
know he's been busy today but you know
what you're gonna seem tonight we're
gonna have all right hopefully the kids
will sleep because I have drives tonight
is probably get they're like mid middle
night morning ish and we're driving for
Shay's uncle's funeral you want together
but we have he have the shoot today in
the news oh shoot on Saturday so we're
gonna have a busy day and a half of
driving and stuff so that's the plan
we're trying to get all ready and we're
eating dinner how was your school today
guys good
hello Rock guard what your name is
football how about you be you can be
flip-flop norm D flip-flop and she's
flip-flop ya know kind of you flower
flower okay
flower and flip-flop hi ladies how are
you I'm so happy to be with
Oh anyone be murdered that would be fun
watch I'm not having spaghetti tonight
I'm gonna do a better fly okay boo boo
to learn to do that it's about a cheer
that's super super awesome doesn't a
better fight alright let's eat pizza
we're having pesto pizza it's kind of
healthy oh hey you the sure fun years in
the back road v road cuz I gotta be
quicker he's just like his dad
gotta be quick hey come on your faces
come on clean yourself off your scalp ah
that's better guys are so pretty
hola how's it going good great grand
wonderful well uh it's seven o'clock at
night and I haven't been able to film
anything all day
actually that's a lie I have been
filming all day up in Northridge
California with a giant crew I had to
wear this big suit I can't tell you what
it was because it's for a thing that I
can't tell you about until it's released
in December very excited about it
working with some really cool people and
I'm actually going now to meet with
somebody ate at the music studio who I'm
gonna record something with who I can
tell you this the person who I'm going
to record with their voice is very
famous I would say almost anybody
without question if they were to hear
this person's voice would be like oh
that's so-and-so but once again I can't
tell you and I hate that I hate when I
can't tell you guys things because
that's just I love sharing it with you
as it happens because I feel like it's
cool if you're along for the ride like
guys guess what I'm feeling with
so-and-so we're doing this thing and
here's the script what do think about
this script that funny guys like it but
other people get mad at me when I share
things too soon before the actual
project comes out so I have to be so
hush-hush on this because the people I'm
working with you know not going to say
like they're a big deal but they're kind
of a big deal
good hazel and I cannot but enjoy we
know about that yes here mommy tart okay
so here's the other situation one I'm
going to film right now with so-and-so
and as soon as I'm done
alright she's worried about some footage
we'll just send it the morning um I
don't know if you guys can hear that hey
tell it mama tired of sending me as soon
as we're done as soon as I am done this
person who I'm going to record with has
a hard out at 9:00 and in the biz in the
Hollywood biz when you have a hard out
it means you have to leave sometimes
it's like hey we'll wrap by 9 o'clock if
you have a hard out it means if you're
done or not that person is leaving
because they have another engagement
they have to be too so you can't like
let it go on for a long time because
sometimes when you're shooting shooting
videos and that's one thing I've learned
about acting is it's like hurry up and
wait you just wait around you wait for
him to change the cameras change the
lights anyway so as soon as we're done
filming with this person at 9 o'clock we
are leaving to head to Phoenix Arizona
to go to my uncle house funeral my dad
brother my dad's brother passed away if
you haven't heard my sister made a video
about it but my uncle Hal bless his
heart passed away of cancer and us we're
gonna go to his funeral tomorrow morning
at 9 a.m. so we're literally leaving
here at LA at 9:00 at night and we're
gonna drive to Phoenix and I think it's
about a 12 hour derma it's a 6 hour
drive so 3 will probably get there at 3
or 4 in the morning so if you're driving
around Phoenix Arizona tonight at around
3 in the morning we'll wave at us but
this will go up after that already
happens so it's hindsight anyways so
it's about 7 o'clock now I'm gonna grab
some food then I'm going over the music
studio to film with this person and then
as soon as I'm done I'm going home to
meet with mami tarde to get in the van
and drive to Phoenix to go to my uncle
house funeral so it's going to be crazy
night and we're gonna just kind of be
switching off drivers and like I said we
get there 3 in the morning and then the
viewing is tomorrow Friday at 9
em so we'll get eight about five hours
of sleep get up at eight get the kids
ready and then we'll go to the funeral
anyways we'll try to keep you guys
informed and filled in as much as
possible but we might be a wall these
next like 48 hours just because we're
gonna be driving and be at a funeral and
I don't want to like film at the funeral
let's go get some food starvin I haven't
eaten all day and the only thing they
had on set was pizza and cookies and
coke so I'm gonna go in here and get
some fresh deliciousness because my body
is like now that I've been eating
healthy I really crave it I crave
vegetables and like nutrients and you
know it sounds funny to save nutrients
but I'm gonna go get some food let's go
oh yeah delicious cell
assortment of yumminess real coconut
water and the salad that's my dinner
really my palate is changing I'm not
even saying saying this just like tell
you guys that I'm on board with shayloss
but I'm really starting to feel like my
taste buds change I really enjoy salads
with a bunch of vegetables I can feel it
more than anything I can feel my body
feel better when I eat this kind of
stuff
what this is dessert we've never had
this Stefanie delicious got dinner now
oh nice motorcycle bro me and Kasim got
to go on the harley-davidson website and
pick out what Harley's want to get I
don't know if I've told you guys this
yet but they're giving us Harley's like
three months that's why we just went to
that motorcycle course because they're
gonna let us to ride Harley's to test
them out for three months so I'm pretty
excited about anyways now I'm headed
over to the music studio we'll see broth
and I'm gonna go film with some
celebrity I can't tell you who it is you
just wait till you find out oh boy you
know what really sucks is because I was
wearing I was wearing this giant suit
all day long I am sweaty I'm still
sweaty and even worse than that
I stink so I'm nervous that this person
is gonna think I'm a stinky person you
know you meet those people are like whoa
body odor I was literally in a suit for
six hours dripping sweat so my shirt was
totally soaked all the way through I had
an hour drive from Northridge down to
Venice and it dried out
I can smell myself oh I should have
bought some deodorant in there Shai go
in and get deodorant I got 20 minutes no
I didn't eat the salad they can just
think I'm a sneaky person I don't care I
don't care I have a hot wife why do I
care I'm I have a hot wife I don't care
what I look like or smell like huh baby
you love me still rock : all right who's
ready to drive to Phoenix Arizona you
guys all got your pajamas on
what you watching
watching mrs. Doubtfire oh cool
all right so I just got done recording
with this person I would I can't say
anything but I would say this
it wasn't Morgan Freeman but this
person's voice is probably I would say
almost maybe even just as famous or
recognizable as Morgan Freeman's voice
you know it's like a voice you hear and
you're like oh that's I minded already
say that I think I ready vlog that but I
was when we were in the music's - I'm
like he's comparable to Morgan Freeman
as far as like recognizable voices yeah
I can't tell you remember I told you
guys the other day and he was on that
movie that you guys never I can't say
anything no that don't you can't say
it's secret but when I told Prince's
tard who it was she goes oh and he's on
I'm like yeah she goes oh this is so
exciting
that's how she reacted you remember that
you need someone that's in a movie that
we have that we have and we watch all
the time all right let's get the van
we're headed to Phoenix yes I'm tired
will you drive do me mom are so tired
come on you are almost 9 years old you
can drive you want to drive okay you
gotta get some soup cans take them here
can you get me out of them just get you
on the interstate point you straight and
then you can take it from there okay
girl if I was serious like okay
seriously Princess hard you need a drive
she would do it I wouldn't doubt that
she'd be like okay what do i do where do
I hold on can you just get me out of the
garage that's all the help she needs all
right we're headed to Phoenix love you
guys see you tomorrow fast forward six
hours we're here the sundial in in
Scottsdale Arizona it's 3:00 in the
morning
and we is tired what time is it homies
3:00
es la 333 3 o'clock in the morning
conversation got boring so I went to
Phoenix Arizona yeah it's not a good
song
okay guys quiet quiet her family is they
caught a second wind
oh they're awake I'm tired it's time to
be quiet kay don't be loud baby turn
Nina singing the song be still hey was
not good no ok here we are let's go blow
him daddy gets to take the first dump
everybody get in there here
inappropriate I'm not convenient okay
that's three little snug bugs in a rug
you're already coloring and some card is
reading a book and it's 325 in the
morning but you can tell which kid we
like the least because we put him on the
ground
and plus we don't love him as much the
children heal well why else would he
make him sleep on the ground he's he
does poop in his pants
no light down it's 3:30 in the morning
lie down go to sleep baby tarp put your
coloring book away I'm going to sleep
I'm tired
good night see the war
be still here was not window okay here
we are
