Daxton do you have those shelves stocked
yet how we exposed to make this a global
clothing business if you don't get these
shelves stocked maybe is the future CEO
of this company you got to start at the
bottom and Brock's back here stealing
from the register what are you doing
young man find a spot little kids
they're mostly not ready here
oh my we just drove to Utah and these
clouds
oh no they're yes get the six-shooters
out you've got the six-shooters out I'm
okay what's up dawg can we come into
your store damn it we want things from
your store are you good Oh guys no Logan
ah dude yeah Logan you taught our kids
that do the one not all of them in he
kept saying it 30 minutes straight
Daxton da dude all right we're gonna go
to the tricks a storm an old bike and
those shattered backboards low dude
exactly they are keep it on clean hecka
clean nice I told you to wash the toilet
Casey
better keep the manage them the moppy
minutes mom mom can I have a raise Casey
case is in charge of the store welcome
to the tricks in store come in look
around you really had to just bring you
here welcome you guys can all pick out
one thing and I'll give you a 10%
discount on it really it's like 10% it
feels like that's bullcrap no you want
to skateboard
yeah you want to skateboard dude help
yourself dude grab a hat grab a shirt
anything you want you take it k serious
don't be shy this is Logan he's your
sales associate he'll help you with
anything you need
we're trying oz to test yourself of this
Roman you can have whatever you want I'm
not gonna take your Britney's rock in
the family hat lobed you see that do we
need to do more of those ASAP it's my
favorite anyways yeah guys grab whatever
you want there's a curly gene sign love
you grandpa okay we're in the back
storage room that's where we keep our
tribe Tyler's we keep all of our tribe
Tyler's in the bag Gavin are you
stealing clothes in here
busted Plus why you wearing a Hurley
shirt in the tricks in store room you
better go switch it up right now young
man you're grounded Daxton do you have
those shelves stopped yet well you
better get going or you're grounded how
we exposed to make this a global
clothing business if you don't get these
shelves stocked hmm this we got our
Shaytards logo Lego Lego set back here
here's where we keep boxes and boxes and
pallets and lots of holding devices for
trick scene clip trick what what words I
got a few of em dude I forgot about this
Red Hat I love this one I'm taking em
stealing one and buying one I'm
borrowing one you find one you like and
Brock's back here stealing from the
register what are you doing young man in
science you like magnets huh oh cool
yeah we got new swimsuits too if you
want one Brit Brit what what good job
Avia a V is the future CEO of this
company you got to start at the bottom
yes you are you got to see when you're
in charge you can make those decisions
do you hear me I'm good
all right well we'll see if that's a
good marketing decision
anyways get to mop it young lady all
right big moment where are we putting in
Roman Atwood got her spot beside this
one's like that - it's gone yeah I think
would we need some more sharpies over
here Logie Baird sharpies for us whoo I
just want a silver or red and so you n
do like a double to the creamy way yeah
you got to find a spot or you just go
big just write it really big a lot of
signatures on there yo I got that wall
there hands
you should have no sticker city I can't
go to science spill this city on rock
and roll but brick oh just so many
Brittany's though where you going Rome
you find a spot maybe we need to build a
new wall for Roman put it find a spot I
was gonna say maybe up on top but people
have already done them to Greece and the
silence underneath yeah back as to where
it is a open spot on this walnut
can we get what about up here right
roller feet just all right I'm just
gonna understand dad
ready you're still let's go right hmm
Purple's dominant we go prom queen okay
uem you tell me where to do it
it only took Robin 10 minutes to sign
the border you tell me so that you know
what you have a bad guilt I think you
should just sign it on that wall you're
roaming out whoa just sign it over her -
oh yeah that's all right well we don't
want that lease return back that you
know if I sign it
to start a trend true through let's find
a spa we got to go deeper than that
you wanna do red this thing like eats
markers that's the problem marker eaters
did you get sign there it is Brittany
Smith oh wow I'm still there ah cool
silver outline it must be an artist you
know what I'm not doing YouTube I'm just
signing thing was just writing his name
on walls at places this is the first
legal spa actually officer come on in
periods right here rolling alright it's
time to move some inventory here you got
a fresh raffish a target the fresh
ground here coming in a little shake our
kids to this town they're mostly not
bratty no guarantees their own that will
turn we don't care if you have your
receipt for the vive you keep them I'll
take one lap which one
all right take your goodies take your
goodies thanks for shopping at Trix and
clothing yeah I charged Roman out with
full price for tricks and clothes ain't
giving them free crap boy
oh well get a job loser
ha ha ha ha capitalism yeah you can up
it
I'm joking alright everybody get out get
out of the store everybody out of here
get out of here Security's gonna be
right through kicking you guys out of
here $23 be sure to tweet all your
buddies to come shopping it's been
what's running through normally yeah you
saved you save a lot of money and the
clouds are as blue and clear as ever
Oh skip to my Lou my darling do you
ladies alright it's that time of year
again when we go bike riding
Colette's nervous because she has not
ever done this but tomorrow she will be
participating in a 50-mile bike race and
she hasn't ridden a bike in months fine
it none of us are cycling you do here
comes shift can you shift practice
shifting those gears babe what do you
think
think you can take that 50 miles excuse
me what are you doing are you doing Tai
Chi on my truck bro Daxton I love you
whoa I hope you guys liked your partying
concert burst of energy yeah let's go to
the pool are you ready tell me where are
we going
of course we never ask when there's a
loser okay
the pool closes at 11 it's 10:28 so we
are hustling down right now to the pool
black doors slamming our very favorite
path time
at hotels across the world
all right can't beat them join them dare
go
see you dive in there toots all right a
dive
cannonball somersault barrel roll will
you all right let's see your cannonball
Colette Butler everybody with the gutter
ball had a girl that's great
best cannonball I've seen all week
true that's true too
relax
she's new
Oh
what
nice oh I missed it
you went
yeah
all right we're going swimming baby on
our hands you got it yeah that's alright
you had a lifeguard over their job Jax
how long can you hold your breath for
he's got a spider-man in his hand too
hey can I see your spider-man let me see
that spider then oh he's gonna red eyes
this tonight hey come here soon to me
show him how good you can swim Wow
he turned red
good job 2x Ted oh that's strong you can
climb out all by yourself today go good
sister let's see how far you can jump
Dax how far can you jump k Daxton go
those Brock & exton nice you made it all
right very very sad news it's our final
farewell do we have fun already dude yes
the shap wood but wood blogs were
awesome did you guys like them thumbs up
if you want to see us get together we
told them they gotta come hang out in
the winter and come skiing with this is
your down for that we're come skin oh we
forgot to say hi to brock everybody
Brock's back here are you naked yeah
that's why I went inside to you bro you
exhibitionist a bunam issome yeah
alright we had a lot of fun thanks for
coming and visiting with so much playing
now I'm flying home tomorrow is all
about family man right so we thought it
would be cool to bring the two families
together we had a good time for sure
so Terry is dad isn't it I say something
say something
so we love you guys are you gonna miss
Kane huh these two are best buddies they
even have an obnoxious saying they
always say
they're all about dieting well see you
guys later these guys are well I'm happy
to say not you who - you - you
Brittney's trying to still Daxton - I
feel like he said he wanted to go home
with her look at these - they almost
look like twins also Daxton hey go sit
by Kane real quick let's see you guys
sit next to each other let's see he's
like yeah show it off showing up oh
that's good hugs miss you buddy locking
up all right good night everybody we'll
see you guys soon we have a 50-mile bike
race in the morning they're flying home
and we're gonna miss them so uh I'm
gonna win the bike race no pressure love
you guys see you soon
well well well here we are again in the
end slate the clickable and slate please
watch more of my videos hey um did you
see Roman's vlog today I'm really
nervous about this we are gonna make it
happen
we do need the best advice on how to do
it properly but this is the idea that I
tweeted about the other night anyways
check out Roma's vlog here we are in the
end slate today we did the Gran Fondo
my friend Derek is here for four years
in a row Gran Fondo
we did a 50-mile bike race today Colette
did it the whole trixin team did it and
we had a blast and now we're driving
back okay I love you guys we'll see you
tomorrow there will be a Shaytards
rewind and then would be back on Monday
mundi mundi depending where you from
thumbs up the video love you guys lots
gotta go bye wait oh crap I push the
wrong button there I can do it red push
it
