hi I'm log in here what's up this is the
kid drop-off Express choo-choo go have
another judge gave de escuela to have a
good day guys today your today is
another day of learning another day of
learning yeah
today another opportunity just to grow a
little bit more in knowledge that is our
goal as human beings every single day to
get a little bit better
a little bit smarter a little bit
stronger a little bit cooler a little
bit more swag what you guys should get
what's important there's 8% more swag
today I don't think that's what's
important
there's nobody in here doctor tell her
about a swag factor whoa bright
brightness my I miss backpackers a what
swag primary you guys don't even know
this but that's why I like to call our
house sometimes the swag factory are you
King Kong that's what we do bro just
produce that swag soon what I don't even
know where this conversation is going
hey what you could call it Mary Mary
Kate eating I already got married he is
a swag princess of all time
oh haha are you guys to take this
opportunity this is the day this is your
day you ready August 19th to go out on
August 19 September 19th
hahahaha see that was a test that was a
test your knowledge hey birthday today
is that your birthday your birthday was
one month ago today you turn five how
does she hold are you sure you turned
five years old
nah nothing any month ago today
congratulations for being a
five-year-old for one month what have
you learned you five-year-old let me
talk to you look ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba
ba ba ba ba
and eat my blood no I think trying do
what's up that's a classic baby turns my
birthday it's March 5th 1980 that's when
I was born into this world is that your
golden birthday when you turn 30
what do you mean know when your March
5th it's like what am i old if your
first birthday is your golden birthday
cuz March fit oh yeah I had that like
yeah you guys all three four five you're
20 you owe 30 year old all right have
fun at school today
Shh what's that for Holden t-shirt huh
bring tea tree a flower and a damn
aluminum flower we're gonna say baby tar
they weren't cut in this clip son and
song and a hat all day you are how old
am I thank you feeling good girl your
ingenious little baby laughing of my
foot high five with your foot alright go
to school good morning we're here
Disneyland without the exciting Indiana
Jones hanging from the little rope and
then giant boulder looking like it's
gonna hit you today is the day of truth
I mean mister Kusum our dealer it's my
name who get her licenses and we have to
take the test so we've already passed
the rider's test on our course and now
we have to take the written test or the
DNA so we're waiting in line we've been
here since like 8:45 in the morning it's
like you're buying concert to this
people come before the doors even opened
in a week line because it's such a long
it's very good so so good to be here for
a couple hours a little bit they're
dragging them out now serving G 0 to 5
no I'm I'm washed up so the situation
I'm dealing with it is because I'm
getting a brand-new California driver's
license sad is I'm switching in my idaho
license they need a passport I don't
have a passport because I can't blend it
I haven't passed or car so I'm hoping
they take it they don't take it from not
mobility my motorcycles license so I'm
hoping up to the window I'm not cool
like here's my passport card they should
take it right what's the same thing as a
passport just not a passport passport
card they probably won't let me use it
because they're gonna say that's not you
who's that Trevor dude United States of
America passport card oh let me use that
let me use it
when you're number 8 that's me let's go
getting my motorcycle license
yeah I'd oh yeah my passport card I lost
a lot of weight since those pictures you
proud of me
it's me you guys good news she let me
use my passport card and check out this
picture they gave that guy Chivers lacy
he just escaped a mental institution
have this tradition of having crazy
drivers license photos so this is right
in line with my other ones talkin to my
eyes alright it's official we did it
I missed 4i mine I thought my motorcycle
license longer than you yeah you have a
little more experience
Kassem only does three minutes of
experience he has 15 more minutes of
experience Kasim is three and I missed
four I'm a poorer student I was nervous
because I changed two of my answers
while I was standing in line after I
took the test and one was good it's
actually kind of negated itself because
one that I switched was the correct
answer and one I switched was incorrect
I wish I would have left one and did you
know then because I also had to take the
car that drivers license because I have
never had a license in California so I
had to take their like DMV test and it's
legal in the state of California to
smoke in a vehicle if there's a child
under the age of 18 whether it's your
kid or not
so if you're in a car and there's a kid
under 18 it is illegal to smoke in that
car which i think is a great law but I
didn't I didn't think that that would be
a law so I I marked it as that's not
illegal so the more you know right
Cassim quit smoking when my kids are in
the car trying to get them to be cooler
it's not cool smoke is not cool kids all
right so now we just gotta get in
motorcycles and then we can cool we got
our licenses isn't how it takes could we
like go show off our motorcycles driver
permits at the motorcycle game we need
is a helmet soon you walk into a place
with a helmet it's
you don't even need the motorcycle they
already know that you probably how he's
got a helmet have a helmet you probably
just got in off of his ride I'm gonna
get a lanyard with my motorcycle license
in the lanyard and a helmet and just
like God I like random bars but what's
up give me a what a motorcycle guy would
have hey guys I'm just sitting here on
the couch for once in my life I love
this what are you watching dude
oh I'm sitting here reading comments
from the last vlog and I love you guys
so many of you are just so sweet and
you're making me laugh and then my kids
come in and they're making me laugh and
life is good but I want you guys to know
that don't worry we're gonna be stopping
the vlogs anytime soon like che said
we're not stopping right now just calm
down I mean my boy that looks so look it
should put some jam on oh can I have the
butter jam on it are you doing me you're
getting baby stout on okay really
ticklish oh that was not nice way out
here yeah yeah why are you wearing get
your hands off my armpit so now I will
ugh and - boy thank you Shay's a pro
he's a pro
we're filling up season is recovery - so
are you recovering yes on 18 mile run
lazy
hiya Shay gets in the door I'm like
honey miles you go 18 because you're
good joking
Oh baby yo Larry get her guys attack
rock - our jump on your mom get her get
her get her let's save the technology
get her
you're the one that started it what are
you talking about my dad
stupid family you wanna take a ride on
the bike after school after school
can you wear flip-flops with a Harley
Davidson coat mm-hmm you can't well not
if you're actually gonna ride right my
hair but I like it exactly where this
coat is heavy it's like ten pounds it
feels like meant to protect your skin
doing.i this road ride what do you think
this is real leather - it smells good so
now that I have my motorcycle license
what do you guys think pretty cool right
it's like calling your fat butt you call
me father dearest what you call me young
lady
holy oh you have the beat all right
who's ready to go get some dinner
are you ready dude from Blue's what's
that guy who played the harmonica Oh
Blues Traveler yeah you ready lead
singer booth shot with anywhere half
like that matter what thank you that's a
nice little appetizer yum yum yum hey
guys ready let's go yeah so cool yeah
but me right maybe I should wear that
hat with this coat hey let's see how it
looks
hey daddy to smoke in the head
Oh nice work what do you need to do
thank you what's your baby's name July
ah
Delilah hey there Delilah what's in LAC
in New York yeah are you gonna be like a
mom someday or something is that why you
carry your babies everywhere look at you
already a little mom what is that look
Christa's tart has a very special
accessory on her arm tonight that she
made herself looks very pretty
what do you do since mom baby laughs
Mira oh you stole his hand yeah that's
cute look you got your baby I do why he
has his baby what do you got there man I
got a lady here and then this is your
what is cool man that's like a hula
skirt so we got these things at the
table they get to play with Larry called
quickie sick Wicky sticks Rock charts
loving them
watch that Fon dude watch rock shredded
making this pretty make him look mommy's
making you something special
I wanna see this put him on check it out
change your glasses glasses on oh you're
Harry Potter's let me see my charger
daddy daddy cute man
adorable that's a good idea very popular
twisty stick makers we are on a mission
what's our mission do you remember our
mission oh yeah about our vision No
maybe no no that your mission was that
your secret mission you didn't tell me
your mission Oh Shay he's always giving
the kid secret missions and I don't get
to know about it oh sorry
excusa obsessing over a go berserk over
oh all right we're looking for a car
charger and car max because I can kind
of feel a cold sore coming on and I can
have a cold sore B is a really big shoot
coming up this weekend for the moms view
so I can't have a cold sore if I'm gonna
shoot the moms B so I have to find some
car max where did it go and that's
usually how I does at my cold sores is
just car mats it works for me
if I feel one coming on these butt
cracks all over and it goes away so
let's find it we got it took forever we
couldn't find it we found it we found it
eventually but she couldn't find a
charger so now even they're looking for
a charger hi he's been there and those
doors is my lover but he will back
shortly
don't fret never and then she never
returned because he was taken over by
the mysterious radios of the shack and
then the whole shadows family was taken
over by the cold sore that engulfed
Colette's face and took over the whole
Toyota Tundra that's just a story you're
making that up now I swear it's true
it's true oh you're so full of it hey
I'll tell you something that is true
though if you want to go check out
yesterday's vlog you can check out son
cards awesome playground fail yeah it's
hilarious and if you want to see what
Shay was doing in a shayla's video I
don't really know what he was doing but
he's kind of crazy so you should go kind
of yeah just give me your opinion is he
crazy or is he not crazy I can tell you
sometimes he's crazy but he's definitely
crazy in this video so go check it out
and of course you can see what we're
doing one two and three years ago as
always and we'll see you tomorrow as
always as well we'll be there we'll be
there in your faces tomorrow and
yesterday and today and the next day and
the next day and all the days W bye
