hi I'm login here ah
ah ah yeah man feels like the first day
the rest of my life bro
welcome to it oh yeah welcome to my day
alright fat lard get on let's see what
you're looking these days what is it
gonna be what's a good one seventy nine
point eight
that's not boy no that's not no bueno so
if you watch my shayloss video yesterday
my goal was to get down to 165 before I
run the st. George marathon on October 6
that's coming up not August who's been
foolin the poon with the Kalandar
alright so that means aha that's gonna
be tough we usually when I get down with
my runs I'm like 170 for October 6 this
Saturday I'm running in st. George Utah
26.2 miles
oh what's this a bowl of beautiful
deliciousness yes thank you please all
have that oh you better not take it from
Rock chart he'll fight you for it
don't fight me bro I'm a lover not a
fighter
you are no mmm like that dude just give
this no food say yummy whining all
morning is I like how to go out
announcer down I fancy I got him put it
in yeah boy helping mom helped my mom
forget all the watermelon pieces in
there well I don't suppose you washed
your hands
no are the girls awake I didn't go yell
some people don't need to be all that
anybody need to be all that do you need
to be yelled at young lady huh
cuz I'll do some yell and if I needs to
be doing some Yellin you ready bro hey 5
to slow oh snap a dilly dingdong gimme
bounce oh you know you know these are
doing s1 ok do this when you go to give
somebody a bounce ok just go slow okay
you give sunny balance go dolphin no no
do with the regular bow this is my trick
ready dolphin come on or this is more
life
New Balance stick chef G right
you know like I'm shifting gears get it
hey who are all these people
some of these guys look scary are they
supposed to be scary people no Clara
Starr not scary
who are these zombie looking freaky
chicks they're beautiful ladies they are
made with a cup tweets oh yeah yeah I'm
like all their heads are like perfectly
round how'd you get their heads so
around the perfectly round headed
children they would heart drew all these
what do you guys think the other night I
remember now she had her little cup out
that must be the tennis ball people this
is a good baby tart baby Todd is good
enough hair did you give head to
girlfriend girlfriend get your hair dude
watch you enjoy a mango slice while you
get your hair did you want to sundered
rub your feet - she did yeah like she
burned you sandwich container lever dude
if are you I'd be so mad I might break
her arm if I was you yep time to breaker
oh yeah run run run run run you see that
step on the foot maneuver yeah mess your
hair up that'll teacher oh snap okay you
deal with mommy tard rad now don't you
dare mommy tars been working on that
hair
Jesus do you see what we have to deal
with these crazy children mango down
mommy tart never does my hair in the
morning oh all right
school time get your bags your books and
your learning tools on you're going to
learn some stuff today hey little man
where you going next he's like mr. a DD
at the park he goes from side swing this
to that done to be now I can't really
keep up with you I just can't do it a
Tuesday Park and run day I'm feeling
good I haven't been running as much as I
used to so I kind of want to get into a
schedule where I'm running a couple of
times a week and I haven't been running
us far either about four miles four or
five miles I need to start getting back
up into the e range so I can keep
working on that marathon goals I gotta
get there are you giving your cards all
right whoa what are your car's names
rock card what are their names
okay I'm not quite up there with che run
style but I'm super proud of you che he
can run on like 10 miles 16 mile run
it's amazing I really want to get it
work up to that where I can just go on a
run and not feel like winded and tired
but you're amazing Shanna me was I'm
fine what is it you want to film it your
summit hold it on the bed
all around the bug not your face the bug
again G so mug see that bug I would say
that big bug that I think it's a June
bug should be culprit
both have some pretty colors doesn't it
we're just getting our oil changed and
we found a giant buck in the window
left you that button make you sneeze
left
checking out on the bass you don't want
to touch it but I feel what happened
it's wrong Mac should I hope the bug
here let's go get some tissue I try to
flip it over try to flip it over one
yeah there's a cop
we're gonna try to help the buck smell
good oh gosh it's so big I don't know
what to do now
oh it's gonna fly on your face now only
now he's doing it putting color actually
maybe she's a big blob I think he's
pooping now you're burping
now I tried and tried very little Batman
or if you are you Darkwing Duck
okay that's at the buckle all right
little but you're a big giant buck I'm
going to see you later good luck in
Barry oh come on get out of the go
to your home are you too good for your
home route oh there is put them over
there you're in a better environment bye
bye bye hey princess card now where are
we
hopping all over the place we're at the
park now if school is over and we're
playing at the park and you're eating a
delicious Apple and I'm noticing that
you're very much favoring these sides of
your mouth with the Apple which is not
normal with apples so why are you doing
that oh my goodness
yeah I was picking it so what did dad
say yesterday you said tomorrow let's
pull it out it tastes more sobering
today that's a little more to say today
is tomorrow
today is tomorrow tomorrow's today so
how many teeth will that be for you have
a lot of teeth behind more to grow in so
you're just getting so old
hey rock-and-roll iou's what you're
doing you just playing all day we played
it two parts today I found two parts I
love soup art we will have to leave it
in the sand yep chaaarge Ryan we don't
steal he's just fine don't worry okay
well I was looking for my daughter
and I found her what are you doing well
stop it you're giving your mother a
heart attack I knew I had a little shy
on my hands as soon as she was entered
into my arms I knew I just knew it all
right time to cut now now monkey girl
well good lease our nutrition found
another one of my children hi
don't die okay just do me that favor
don't die I'm just gonna take deep
breath in and say you know what it's
okay
they got up they can get down right I
might have to catch him but I'll get
down somehow what are we doing with the
stroller and the boy and the thingy I
don't know dude that's kind of what you
get right next time maybe you should
think before you climb up on this crazy
contraption
who's that buddy is so funny yeah
peekaboo hi we're in bed sleeping so
frustrated incorporated I'm gonna play
you ultimate vlogger failed Frederick
I'm gonna play you a heytell
conversation okay listen
dog did Jordan take the photos I dropped
in the Dropbox tonight because I just
sent some but not sign in there and
makes me nervous can usually don't go
tell them wedding hey you know I didn't
take it
I see house eight through 14 but
14 updated so far why why do bad things
happen to good people
Sarge muckers I say like some of the
clips I thought well I thought I sent
them I don't think I did and then I
delete it off the camera pardon my
language my sauce I did some more
footage in such a morning I'll feed the
same odd you that's what I did tonight I
plugged my Cameron like I normally do to
send Annie's footage had about seven
clips really funny good awesome footage
I was a funny clip I was actually
excited about because when I was in
Hollywood today I went and shot this
thing in Hollywood today on my way to
the shoot I found you know that movie
Hollywood um no freak Beverly Hills
Chihuahua yeah there is this this truck
driving around that was advertising the
movie Beverly Hills Chihuahua 3y and it
was this giant truck and I had all these
Chihuahuas on it and I was filming it as
I was driving here and I was like if
Beverly Hills Chihuahua 1 & 2 wasn't
good enough they had to go ahead and do
a Beverly Hills Chihuahua 3 I mean - I
thought was a little bit I mean the
storyline was a little bit better and
Beverly Hills Chihuahua - neither did I
so I was there just funny just you would
have you it I mean you're missing out
because I had deleted it I deleted the
footage well just could go no again no
quick I ain't driving to Hollywood and
looking for a Beverly Hills ninja thingy
tell me this because oh that's something
Beverly Hills Chihuahua
I don't think comes out tall ones that
come out I think I saw a on the 18th
which is today how
yeah what's this free promotion for
Beverly Hills Chihuahua three if you
have seen all three Beverly Hills
chihuahuas please comment below anyways
this is like a vloggers worst nightmare
- Oh was that footage because you know
like if you have if you have like a
scripted thing you can like redo it but
when you're vlogging and it's oh man
this memories I just I'm now going
through a mental checklist of all what
was on the footage hilarious moment when
rocked hard I was doing like a little
voiceover mommy turtles at Scouts with
son tard God prostrate Barack hair was
on his little motorcycle and I was doing
this little voiceover like Craig R to go
to work dad and he was driving away and
he's being so cute and then he stopped
and he picked up the wireless phone he's
like hello and he like pushes the button
like goes beep and like made it beat
music hello and he's like talking on the
phone and I was filming it and then
princess Hardin babyt are being cue and
I erased the freaking footage so that's
that do you I don't know something about
that
what I never erased footage anymore I
always wait for you to do it oh wait me
just because I know that will happen to
me I'm so afraid of it happening to me
so I never do it so that's I always
wonder why your your camera's always
cluttered with like three days of
footage you erase it footage that's your
job you send it then you push delete
then I'm ready with a clean slate that's
interesting cuz whenever I get your
camera and I'm like why does she have
like four days of footage on here and
I'll delete it I see how it is
cuz I'm terrified it's like that's just
bound to happen it's one of those things
like if that's honestly one of those
things that can just get you in for me
specifically your home it does it does
it doesn't like you may think oh
whatever show you you have such a hard
life that is so frustrating for for me
specifically for what I do for a living
you know upload these videos every day
and to lose precious footage especially
like kids cute footage you know like
when rocked her does those first little
things even like past the point of like
oh I want it to be a good flaw
like just thinking about like those
memories you know I lost those memories
and I guess I shouldn't be too upset
because we have so many of those
memories from our lives on these videos
but I did I deleted it man and it was it
oh I went over there I plugged in
because we have two cameras if my camera
and Colette's camera and I plugged in
her camera and I sent the footage and
usually I check I'm like see how they're
going through when they sent through to
Denise and I looked and the other folder
was empty and she usually doesn't take
the footage until the morning so I
thought weren't that footage go did she
already taken and that's a hotel that I
Center I'm like hey did you already take
the footage and I was just like dreading
I'm like oh please say you took it
please say you took it and she didn't
and what I did is when I went to get
your camera to plug it in I assumed that
I had already sent the footage and I
didn't and I pulled out the camera a lot
of talk about really raised footage am I
even recording right now if I don't
require any of this anyway so it's those
things that I mean that's when the
moment comes
Hoshi's happiness that's the moment cuz
I'm not gonna lie to you like we just I
just found out that I lost the footage
and mommy tarts like let's say prayer
like we're saying a prayer and I'm just
like gritting my teeth like I'm so angry
right now
Oh so Amy but it's like you have that
moment that one little tiny in testable
moment in testable that a word
I don't know infant essa Mille that's
that small moment where you can make
that choice like am I gonna let this
piss me off or my you just gonna be like
another day we'll figure it out it's
okay it's not a big deal so now you're
getting this embed footage oh wow wow
wow so huh all right that's great see
you guys tomorrow goodbye well I just
deleted it yeah and I actually uh
whatever okay goodbye I'm sorry I'll
have a good vlog tomorrow today she's in
happiness all right good night
say something funny and charismatic
again I was like totally like Shay
losses footage and I was like why don't
you did Wyatt and I was like I totally
did it look
you sound stupid see you tomorrow
I'm hilarious scares Illyria ah-oh poked
me in my eye with my own bugger I've
never been poked in the eye with my own
booger
well don't first see how you have it on
camera you have that memory that's good
enough right let's remember okay see you
guys tomorrow hopefully I am bye
congratulations your viewing experience
has concluded welcome to the end slate
for everything shade horde related find
a link to click and click upon it with
your cursor to the left you may find
such funny antics hahaha has the
Shaytards in their daily routine
yesterday to the right a new podcast a
new podcast with a new segment titled
which kids at it which gooder did which
kids at it I don't know it's a
fun-filled podcast talking about
spankings parenting tips and of course
laughter ha ha
also available to your clicking access
one year two years three years ago today
what would they do we'd bungy turning
also in your weight-loss journey
if you are so inclined to improve your
life and yourself and your well-being
you may look to the link below hard
tumba shaytember video basically I talk
about my feelings bro let you know I
yeah alright this K it was just smacked
by a small man rock art say hi guys
hello say hello
it's not funny cuz you can't see what
he's doing but he's flexing in the
mirror
this concludes this end slate thank you
Tata for tomorrow
