he's a marathon man with four cute kids
his wife Katie let's also featured in
the bids Sutton tar-baby drug princess
and luck you're watching for three years
and they don't stop sitting at home
staring at the screen waiting for the
message saying that is ready to be seen
I'm bad every day like a part of the
family shaped our team the crew living
life every day I'm watching the
Shaytards watch it
watching Shaytards gross
some of the Shaytards vlog
hey guys happy Sunday - yo we are just
hanging out the kids are making posters
let's see it it runs it's hard we see
your poster yet Oh a distortion I'm
gonna make sounds who's that gonna be
told
Princessa card Oh baby time I love it I
love it
that's how they lure chasing these pet
that's how I used to drop people they're
chasing cups
yeah she's tracing oh you're tracing it
to make the dress
no I'm typing the cups make the heart Oh
smart where did you learn the visa so
you you tagged us hot and then you put
it on here and then made a circle around
the cop yeah make the head Wow
high-fives you're just in my new ative
oh so beautiful I love that how creative
what rocked hard you're not being
creative you're over here with your iPad
half dressed okay less than half dressed
seriously bro these are nudists baby and
now he's watching Shaytards blogs
seriously what kind of crap are you
watching
your parents shouldn't let you watch
that stuff you know those guys were just
crazy or crazy people
we're just didn't field training his
brain with Shane Todd what oh yes and
sunburned he has got a poster to do for
scouts are you one of the treatments is
what gymnastics do now oh no that's an
optional one that's one you don't have
to that's just optional but did you get
stressed out oh no I got to do a
backflip in the back handspring you have
to do that dude you can't ever pass
scouts until you do that I'm not gonna
do it no he is going to do a poster
about the Leave No Trace out do you guys
want to leave no trace act it's about
when you go into a forest or you go to a
park or you go to the beach we go
anywhere it's in nature
you go and you leave it the way you
found it so you don't leave your trash
there what else Center yeah you don't
leave your trash yeah I wish I had that
you don't leave your trash there
you always find it oh you always um
maybe leave it the way you've not always
thought that the way found it but a
little bit more better you can't never
bring things like rocks we're cool yeah
I don't take anything away from it but I
don't think that's I know that's hard to
do some hard loves collecting rocks and
things so that's a little hard for him
but he's working on his poster for
Scouts and I'm making dinner I'm gonna
make a taco taco soup or chili would a
vegetarian chili that's right yeah oh
I'm so jealous you're so rich you're so
rich on second thought I think the fire
alarm will go off and then we can just
leave the house and leave our dinner
there uh-huh
all right good mommy tards dinner sets
off hey wasn't me it wasn't me talking
talk about five-alarm chili that's one
thing we actually didn't vlog the last
time I cooked on the vlog
set off the fire alarm in our residence
you want the fire alarm I didn't just
knock though just now oh no I didn't oh
you didn't there's no proof oh yeah be
lying to them I mean we left the house
because the alarm was going on we really
did lean it was very like why not for
like 30 minutes
Oh finally let's get the H out of here
everybody get your stuff going but it's
sad because I left dinner by did run off
p.m. and I promise but there's no dinner
we're no dinner we know dad are you sad
what happened I said if you leave was to
signal with on then your food will burn
and you're probably certifier no but if
an if if no food was there oh then you
probably started fire no sir I'm fired
I think it's certifier well there's a
fire yes I disagree with your fire fun
writing a disagreement well I'm not
seeing that that has if you leave it on
too much like for a cupcakes
yep that's housing days that would
definitely probably start a fire yeah
check it out show him how you couldn't
pump Rock card forward and check do it
again third and best you want to get
down I think you see the dog or dad I
don't know I don't speak your language
I'm trying gonna get down take this down
oh you want GAD cuz dad is pushing you
hi oh
behold the Golden Grahams are b-y-u to
the camera now we just had a delicious
salad and vegetarian this is the fun
part
I'm not eating any of these waiting all
day we haven't had it well we may have
had a little bit sugar but I made a
really healthy dinner just so the
weekend these people the blue ones are -
no we were cut and he's like the Grahams
are so young hold the Golden Grahams are
delicious sure hands out of there behold
the golden cow max with the gun crash
ah hey guys where dad's about to do is
push-up challenge just getting warmed up
here
how many gonna be able to do dude um
don't don't say no look hey you look at
these weights I don't want to get a
number in my head you know cuz if you
get a number in your head well I guess
if it's a high number that's good
hey guys okay so if you haven't been
joining shaytember every Monday I've
been doing a push-up challenge to see
how many pushups I can do today is week
three if you want to see it you have to
go over on the shayloss channel because
I've been seen how many I can do every
Monday so on the very first Monday edit
50 last week I did 61 my goal my
ultimate goal for shaytember is to be
able to do a hundred push-ups so if you
want to see go on the shape the shade
shaytember channel the shayloss channel
I'm about to do my push-up challenge
because it's Monday and yes we are low
on footage so we are filming this on
Monday and it's being uploaded today
it's the weekend bra without - just
chill on the weekend your sand off come
on yeah not on the weekend yeah you can
join me I'm funny oh thanks bro see I
mean you can do
whoa crash off the weights here's a Sun
tire push-up challenge go 1 2 3 4 5
those are good push-ups dude 6 good form
you've gone do 10 7 8 9 10
Rock charts County to hear him he's gone
hey when did you learn how to count you
can't even talk yet Rock chart let see
how many pushups you can do can you do
push-ups don't bother me I'm playing
with my car's tall
obviously this towel needs to be wrapped
around me in a comfortable manner
alright law meter is getting ready we're
headed to the podcast that's what we do
on Monday mornings and you don't have
school why not because it's a Jewish
holiday
rock on for the Jews yeah there's my
turn you jump on mater rock card let's
see any push-ups you can do here let me
see if I can show my rocker watch watch
glide on ready like this one - one
behind or the quarter ready three four
that's how many you can do
five humming can you do get over here
you little little WrestleMania basic on
the top out were table I got me the
pretzel hmm
you lost bro
oh he doesn't like to lose
don't punch me okay well wrestle my
helicopter I'll wrestle you okay wait hi
can i wrestle fill my heart will you
film that me beaten up son turtle quit
for us to sue why do you got punched out
oh he's strong
oh my boys just play nicely in the wrong
room he's seriously as strong for isn't
that what he learns if the wolf is
pinned on his back you lose you lose
yeah
oh wait
gutter off for the legs yeah you know
get a rock hard rock chart in a lover
not a fighter mode right now
like eyes are red okay I go to my
push-ups Monday test up punch fish
forecast
okay go to Shay loss the only push-ups I
can do that's all we got short vlog for
today love you guys see you tomorrow bye
just another Manic Monday oh oh
wish you were Sunday whoa which I always
thought was weird because why did she
wish it was Sunday when I was like
growing up as a kid like the fun days or
like Saturdays because Sunday yeah
Friday night Saturday it's Sunday you go
to church at mom and dad wouldn't let us
watch TV on Sundays and so I was always
like why does she wish it was a Sunday I
have to go to bed early Sunday night she
has schooling right it's like kind of
like a school night so when if she's
gonna wish it's a day why wish it was
Sunday why not wish it was like Saturday
or like Friday night like after work
come on what was her name Mary Cindy
Lauper as I say Mary Moffitt's Mary
Poppins Cyndi Lauper why did you wish it
was Sunday on your Manic Monday if I was
on a Manic Monday I wish it was Friday
night or Saturday
she was Saturday but that doesn't run oh
that's why this had to rhyme okay now I
understand alright check out yesterday's
vlog what were we doing yesterday huh
huh you can go look and see cuz we live
every life far day online
we're at the up here and we're dancing
and mommy tired thought that I should
have put my hat out to win money which I
think I could have check out Brett what
should we push you on the right oh oh
man this is the pressure let's push to
know the push-up video which I'm
actually exporting right now thought I
was done editing
breath Ian turns back with a push up
video do you get more than 60 this time
you have to go see I'm very sore and I
had to work very hard for I'll tell you
this much I didn't get as many as I
wanted to today but just go check it out
and it hurt I had to work for it alright
see you guys tomorrow love your faces
love you
what's that weight of it was opera Cyndi
Lauper yo Cindy Lauper uh-huh
Cyndi Lauper gets opera it's in de
l'Opera it was Saturday Oh
