gridlock straight gridlock you're stuck
in frickin LA traffic we've been leaving
in about 9:00 a.m. every morning when we
get up to Glendale about 10:00 this
morning we left like 858 two minutes
earlier than normal and we are stuck in
this Friday traffic Kassim is P owed I
don't like this terrific doesn't that
like it Qasim introduced me to this new
Muse song if you guys heard the new
madness by Muse a lot a lot of diehard
news people don't like it they don't
want any any time any like a new band
makes like a new album and then all the
fans that are like we're fans of it
before they were like oh you see them
saying ugh totally like it's a great
song it's different than their old stuff
it's like less it's like less epic as
far as like the instrumentals are
concerned but I think it's like a really
fun it's beautifully song they're my
absolute but I Prince feel a little bit
cool to go Prince totally we happen to
Green Day man I always remember and I
was a I think he was a junior hook and
when Duke he came out then Green Day
blew up and my brother and all his
little friends he had this little band
called a little bully was the name of
their little punk rock band little let a
little I keep saying little and they
were pissed that everybody started
listening to Green Day when Dookie came
out and they're like you guys you know
it's I don't know what is that was a
human nature like you were there first
it's almost like you know you found this
little oasis in the music Islands of the
world and oh you know it's like they're
all trying to like do different things
and like express their art through their
music and it's like if they want to try
other stuff it's like more power to them
I think we should be happy that like
we're expanding our like you know like
our horizons is like you know listeners
of this music sounds like thanks muse
check it out I listen to it this morning
when I was doing push-ups and it really
pumped me up it's a good song check it
out it's called madness by Muse and
we're on our way up to Glendale man this
traffic is horrible Malakai is always
with me I feel that's one of my regrets
is that Malik I never got to meet your
Chi because of her follow up Kassim on
Instagram
Malachi is with us always literally he
sleeps next to us is it weird do you
think like if your dog died you think
you're gonna get him cremated because we
have Mallika's ashes in our room that's
weird Nestor what do people usually do I
think I mean I'm coming from like Idaho
and stuff it's like you just go bury him
in the backyard potatoes yeah he's
fertilizer for the next season's crop
but now that like I don't know it's not
weird to me now that we had him cremated
because we were gonna bury him but you
know there was no place to bury him I
don't want to bury him here in LA I
wanted to bury him in Idaho and so then
we got him cremated and then I'm just
like I don't want to bury him cuz I like
like having that canister I like hug the
canister and that makes me listen oh oh
this is what I was gonna talk about I
had a dream last night
about Michael Buckley that I was helping
Michael Buckley do a renovation project
in his house it was very specific I had
to climb up on these rafters and I was
freaking out in my dream because it felt
like the rafters were gonna break and I
was helping Michael Buckley nail this
stuff up and then I had to like open up
this compartment to help him get like
these old things out before we can do
the project what does it mean chasm
interpreted a dream means that you like
helping gay people so Michael Buckley
are you doing any renovation projects
because I had a dream and I know exactly
what's gonna look good with the color
scheme okay so I've already dreamed
about this what's the color scheme now
it was it was weird because deep magenta
part of the dream was that we had there
was the you know I like underneath the
stairs you like store stuff
well they had like built this we're like
re renovate
the house and they have like built this
wall over this compartment under the
stairs and we needed to get something
out of there and this is like maybe
something it means something needs to
come out maybe I need to come out of
that class no that's not it but it was a
very vivid dream I woke up this morning
like me and Michael Buckley were
building stuff you guys do I would say I
mean you're bad we were we were totally
just doing construction I love you Mike
police officer I was uh I don't know I
don't know how it's dressed actually
anyways still stuck in traffic look at
these poor oh I love what I'm in this
Lane I'm like I'm always like making fun
of all the other people we've made it
two miles in probably 30 minutes there's
gotta be some giant casualties in his
Lane static oh that's not good hey
moustache lady yeah anyways we're stuck
in your moustache did she had a dark one
it's really better way better fine she
needs to bleach it I want to ask your
maybe hair your female viewers like you
got a hairy face do you shave it do you
can't shave is that everyone knows that
you shaved your face yeah and it's so
obvious you ever seen those ladies that
like I don't know if it just like it
comes back or do you have to bleach it I
feel like leach
well if it's like hairy hairy you know
you know what you can't I think if you
bleached you light and hairy that's not
as physical I remember in eighth grade
the first time I ever like I couldn't
even grow facial hair yet and there was
this girl her name was Marisela and she
was of latin origin and she had like a
full-blown mustache and then she was
like the only person I knew with a
mustache even though my buddies had
massage and then she came to school the
next day and it was just all gone it
looked like she just took a straight
razor to it and just shave it
like really awkward and I couldn't find
her sexually attractive anymore
well that's but I understand that it
could be a thing it does it I need to
get over that
he said it's me let's work on it's not
to here and that's why Qasim has his
dirty sanchez
lips - even today what do you do I think
you got a wax it because if you shave it
you know I don't know if that's a wild
Waverly it comes back strong we need to
stubble right I just collect gonna let
the girls shave their legs never well I
don't know they're gonna get there you
don't want them to be the hairy girls in
class like we're all the other girls are
shaving and then like they start calling
to check it out see those helicopters
double helis there's got to be something
going on like the president must be in
town or something there's like Apache
helicopters flying overhead up there
something's going down up in LA anyways
we've actually said the girls they can't
get their ears pierced till they're 13
what about shave I don't know when
they're gonna shave their legs
what if they starts to get like black
and yeah cuz I know it's just cross that
bridge when we get there man
but you haven't been there yet I'm
saying I'm saying I don't know what did
you when did you if you were a young
lady right now when did you start
shaving your legs no we're gonna move to
Europe they're gonna have hairy armpits
send pics reprove the send pics for
proof when you shaved your legs
all right we're waiting in traffic
having weird dreams I'm talking about
mustaches this is a great commuter all
right I think we found the cause of all
of this traffic
the second after we passed the buzz that
it's wide open
my good buddy Qasim she came up with a
scene yesterday rubbernecking Casas
bottle man he never left
well you said it to me the first time I
ever heard it so you invented it it's
official it literally has been 2 hours
and 20 minutes that we have been in the
car with the traffic was so bad that we
had the opportunity we're sitting to
switch spots because Danny turned had to
go peepee in the potty it was rock hard
don't drink what's in that bottle Rock
dog trust me on that
three 620 3.7 ounces of NAT easier and
in that little water bottle right there
but I feel much more fresh and now we're
cruising up to Glendale to go right arm
iron motorcycles on the final day for a
motorcycle class will do we get our
light Buster coach teachers gonna be mad
at us we've been texted him cause like
sorry man
we're supposed to be there at 9:45 1120
we're late
play play so hopefully he hasn't been
like messing with the gears or like mess
up or cut our brake cords just that bus
you see that man
all right we passed Qasim and me now
officially our motorcycle riders 10%
cooler
kind of will see we got our certificates
we passed the course we just found out
that we passed the course Luis if you
guys are living in the California area
you want to get your motorcycles license
you've been I know a lot of you but like
I've been meaning to do that for years
and years and years I never got around
to it
go down to the Glendale harley-davidson
shop
ask for Luis he's the best teacher out
there he's the only teacher I've ever
had so that's why he's the best teacher
it's not a bad look he's a handsome he's
a handsome gentleman he's got some nice
chops and he can ride a bike like
nobody's business
go get your license what would he say it
was three three ninety five for the
course it's a total skills course you
have one day in class well actually we
got a different it's a couple days in
class and you come out here and you
train on the course and they go through
a bunch of take days learn how to kill
yourself professional yeah don't don't
be one of those dudes just like I can
ride a bike I don't need my license you
get a lot of practical training from
coming out of here and right on the
course
thanks for the homies a harley-davidson
oh I don't even keep my gloves you go
get your clothes dude see no clothes Raj
go get him don't leave them there I
don't think I need you need gloves dude
go get them
can we drive you over there castle it's
102 degrees today why is it so hot I
don't know anyways we pass and now we
just have to go to the DMV and take the
test and they'll give us our licenses
but we got this you guys Los Angeles is
on fire
this is that new music song called
madness check it out is seriously
amazing Billy Billy he's riding this
truck all over the car I could not
handle him in there today he is like a
wild monster baby who's running around
everywhere and imagine they do not like
I'm not sure what it is nobody else has
a clue what's going on don't don't don't
alright it's getting a little crowded in
other news today trucks and babies just
begun good mommy right now cleaning the
windshield it really needed it really
okay
hi guys don't forget to check out the
thing and years ago and don't forget to
check out that three daddy video and
answer that okay here we are in the in
slate rock cards with me say hey bud
right say what's up what's up dudes hey
thanks for watching today's video we be
wrong say follow my dad on Twitter
did he just say Twitter dude I'm gonna
punch him punch him I think I don't
think that's what you're supposed to do
and you think something's cute
I got though my wires crossed alright
actually I want you guys I know maybe
tardis said to check out the spaghetti
video she just loves that video every
day when they come home from school dad
can i watch the spaghetti video over and
over and every time i'm in my office and
i'm like reading comments where i go
check it and that song comes on rocked
hard without fail will come around and
indent dead watch dead watch and he
loves that video i want you guys to go
check out the podcast we just did a
podcast with the producer and the
grapefruit bob gins on the new when the
kids go to sleep podcast check it out
that's to the right without your faces
and we'll see you tomorrow
it's what digs at day tomorrow maybe you
guys could leave in the comments what
you guys want us to talk about in our
one take sunday when we make our one
take sunday tomorrow and we'll be
thinking of topics and maybe the most
thumbs up topic we'll have a discussion
about what do you think about that yeah
that sounds like a good idea that sounds
like a plan
alright see you guys tomorrow
