hi login here hello good morning how's
it going what's going on how's your day
good it's about to get a whole lot
better cuz you're watching the Shaytards
video here we are at daddy daycare with
Captain Gager rager and the Flying Tiger
of tightness wow that's pretty cool huh
bro all right we need to get a
trampoline in here for you dudes they
just want to defy gravity all the time
all right what am I gonna do I'm gonna
clean this house I'm gonna walk around
I'm gonna listen to my book on tape and
I'm gonna pick things up I'm gonna wipe
things down I'm gonna put things in
cupboards I'm gonna unload things I'm
gonna reload things I'm gonna smile and
I'm gonna babysit these two bros guys
ready for that who's ready for that look
a rock garden
throw that pin Collette is at maker
studios doing an interview with new
media rockstars oh look at this little
Jedi so me and rock art engagement
ranger are chilling here and they have
yeah they've made a giant freakin mess
I've been doing push ups and I've been
watching YouTube videos as I did
push-ups I've been watching my buddy Ron
hi I'm Ron he's doing raw Ron again he's
on with shaytember I've been watching
some wheezywaiter videos I watched a
Daily Grace video there's some funny
youtubers out there I just missed them
stays quiet a vlog in miss those days
where I used to watch a lot of YouTube
videos you know back in the day we need
to first started I would watch every
youtuber that you can think of I would
watch every one of their videos and now
you know today it's like everybody
youtuber has like 18 channels and 700
different projects that they're working
on so it's hard to keep up but it's kind
of know dude he just squeezed that and
made it shut it just dropped water all
over the floor you gonna help daddy you
know hope daddy do these dishes okay so
you guys want to see it before here's
before giant mass giant mass naked baby
naked baby giant mess dried mess naked
baby Nikki baby watermelon rinds every
word Rio
yeah okay so this is the before you guys
see the adapter whoo nice shiny clean
breath of fresh air
Oh everything is glorious slobbery just
sin my live what he's watching huh huh
huh look at me me some attention the
baby's still naked that hasn't changed
he's a nudist all right I'm done I've
chia seeds my teeth I had a bowl of
granola with chia seeds
it looks better right now I tell you
what I promise you if you're ever in a
discouraged mood in your slow moving you
clean your house you'll feel better get
some headphones maybe get a book on tape
listen to some music
just do some cleaning you know get down
and dirty feels so good once it's all
clean you just one you feel like you've
accomplished something so that gives you
like a little bit of motivation and two
cleanliness is next to godliness that's
what my grandpa Eugene used to always
say and you do you just feel better when
your house is clean so I was just
listening to this every day a Friday
book by Joel Osteen he talks about how
it's scientifically proven my bed still
got made so gotta do that oh he knew
that Mommy tarde loves when I make the
bed she's gonna love me when I kick when
she gets home she's had a photoshoot at
maker studios but he talks about how
it's it's proven I don't know they did
some tests where people are genuinely
happy happier on a Friday and how for
obvious reasons cuz it's the weekend
you're out of school you're off of work
and he talks about how do we make every
day of Friday and just a lot of good
practical advice you know he shares some
stuff from Scripture but a lot of just
like good stories he just told the story
I was listening to about this lady who
was sitting on her front porch with her
and her husband watching this lady her
neighbor hang up her clothes every day
or is anywhere sitting for breakfast I
don't know some chick and her husband or
eaten breakfast and they're watching
their neighbor hang up her wash on the
line remember back in the days your
grandma used to hang watch from the line
they did have dryers anyways she
everyday she would say like whoa look at
her clothes they look all dingy I can't
believe she doesn't know how to clean
her own clothes like they're so dirty
this has happened day after day after
day stop me if you've heard this one
before that's a good one so then one day
you know as it happened every day they
would eat breakfast and she'd be like
why doesn't she know how to wash she's
probably even using detergent like
that's disgusting I can't believe they
would have those gross clothes she's
like you know not even cleaning her
clothes for her kids blah blah blah
talking crap about this lady hanging up
her dirty clothes well one day she got
up and she was eating breakfast and she
noticed that all the clothes looked
really clean and she's like wow honey
honey come to look and she told her
husband to come check it out she's like
look she finally learned how to wash her
clothes they're clean and the husband
smiled and said honey actually this
morning I woke up early and I watched
our windows so it's all about your
perception it wasn't the lady that was
having the dirty clothes it was the
ladies window was dirty
she was looking out a dirty window so
it's all about you know optimism and you
know seeing the good in things anyways
smile it's a great day okay
go clean your windows so that your
neighbors laundry doesn't look dirty I
ruined that story did I tell it did you
get it was it funny okay
okay I'm gonna make the bed so mom eat I
want to make out with me when she gets
home and there's her Lea we're back
together again Oh Michael
we're here we're doing a photo shoot in
an interview with New York so I guess I
need to start with him before look at
this clean countertop and this clean
kitchen and the tables clean and che
vacuumed the floor even though there's
clothes all over it now because we're
folding I was at a shoot today and Shay
cleaned the whole house he was
babysitting and cleaning the house at
the same time so thank you honey
I always appreciate when he does little
things like that it makes me feel like
he does appreciate what I do and he
notices because he's trying to help me
and he made the he did make the bed but
rockhard has sent unmade it where are
you doing your little bugger face how am
I supposed to tell everybody is that dad
made the bed when you just messed it up
are you trying to blackmail him
are you proximally your father's the
jelly you're doing Joey you're doing you
crazy
Telmo was it was clean that's why the
house is constantly messed because of
this little thing you do and then
crashing his head
icing our little baby head at dinnertime
and baby's heart is helping me with
dinner we're making enchiladas using
leftover barbecue chicken that I made on
Sunday so two day old barbecue chicken
it still tastes good trust me it's all
right
and we're putting it in the tortilla and
then we're covering it with this mixture
of sour cream mushroom soup green chiles
onion powder and some salt and then some
cheese baby tart is helping me with the
cheese and she's making a list of what
she needs to help do it see that great
list so we're gonna make one more to fit
right there we've made this whole plan
I'm gonna make one more to fit right
there okay you ready so what do we put
on it what's the first thing that
chicken chicken gotta get some chicken
in there yeah your mom's crazy and I'm
not do this and then up into cheese Oh
everywhere and usually since I watched
me on I just use my fingers to break it
apart it's not meatless Monday today so
we are using chicken break it apart I
think that's probably making probably
inside
yeah that's is 20 so then you get enough
good don't pull it too many places we
only want it on the enchilada not
everywhere okay wait let's use the spoon
to kind of spread that around a little
it might not look that pretty it's kind
of locked but that's okay now what's
next
it's actually baby turned out today
remember you help push it or the other
day we're taking trends with happening
times it gets a little crazy with too
many people in the kitchen join I'll
hold the camera and show them how I wrap
it okay and we're gonna take the end so
I'm gonna fold them up roll it up this
one's really big this is probably the
biggest one we've made so it's kind of
hard to roll that one is for baby tarts
okay oh that good I think we have one oh
look a lot plenty for dinner so that's
gonna be enough probably we'll have some
leftovers right right yeah cuz there's
only six of us yeah all right let's get
this bad boy oh wait wait that gal we're
gonna finish we're gonna cover it with
the rest of this mixture what are you
writing
right there okay dinner dinner dinner
dinner dinner turn your standards
great alright so we're gonna put this
mixture on and then we're gonna put a
little bit of layer of cheese over top
of it so there you go that's what we're
having for dinner a nice and quick and
easy that's what I like stress precise
Scouts so we want oh good job honey
hey do I see magic trick I can make this
ring go through my forehead I can pull
out of the back of my neck
do you believe me do you tell me I'm
gonna put this ring through my forehead
I'm gonna pull it out of the back of my
neck it's gonna be an amazing David
Blaine Copperfield Cris angel kind of
deal you ready here we go through my
forehead out the back way now here we go
Kerry do a magic trick
oh wait I did it you see that Dre stop
it go out I'm doing a magic I'm gonna
push this pencil up my nose right now
already watch seriously it's at my brain
right now it's causing up it's in my
brain it's my right I try I'm shown a
magic I'd entertain them do it just do
it you know wish here Mike comes down
later if I had a Cub Scout leader like
you I would have been an Eagle Scout
away faster I would have been out of an
early to scout out of state after
I don't wanted extra help punches in the
face to be punched in the face is a
unless I get a merit badge from quit
asking for my hot Scout later sorry
inappropriate I am in a robe - what
doesn't help the situation yeah I was
reading some comments from the vlog
that's what I do a lot of times when the
kids are like dad dinner's ready and
then starting tired will come in here
like he did today you hear he's like dad
come on now it's ready I'm reading
comments I mean your guys's comments
somebody commented let me just read this
comment and it got it got it got fifty
thumbs up it was the top comments so it
brought a lot of attention to my
eyeballs it said haha I said hey guys
this was commented by blue one in blue
one in hey guys just an idea but anyways
I know the shin guards have a
subscription base about over nine
hundred thousand people of those two
hundred thousand of us on average our
daily viewers I was wondering if all or
most of us thumbs up this and the next
five vlogs or so we can get the
Shaytards
on the front page and increase the views
of the vlogs blah blah blah no shade
I know Shea tells us to like the vlog
every time but I like many forget and
get too lazy to do it hopefully this
will curb the thought of canceling the
vlogs let me tell you a few things one
yeah I mean if the vlogs were getting a
lot more views I mean we haven't said we
are for sure but like I've always said
like how long realistically are we gonna
do this forever like how long were you
upload a video every day of our life
we've almost done for four years it's
insane because we we do this every day
and you watch those of you who watch
every day it's just kind of become this
daily thing that it's like how long can
we logistical e do this and today I was
at maker studios has had I had a big
meeting with Ben he's one of the
founders with me at maker studios and we
talked about starting to work on a
Shaytards documentary and if we did stop
the vlogs if we did stop the vlogs on
the four year anniversary that might be
a really good time to like premiere the
Shaytards documentary so if we started
working on the documentary right now it
might be again I don't know I don't know
what ultimately I'm being totally honest
with you it is totally up in the air we
have no idea how long we're gonna do
these but to be also honest I hate I
hate new people so I'm not gonna lie to
here I'm not gonna idea well thanks for
not lying to me
because normally you do lie to me
instead of now when you're saying that
you're not gonna lie to me you know I
mean if somebody it's a precursor with
you know what I'm not gonna lie to you
well it's like what do you always lie to
me so I don't want to say that I don't
wanna say I'm gonna be honest with you
because like normally I have lying to
you normally I try to just lie didn't
pull the wool over your eyes as much
possible but you know I'll call me crazy
I like you I'm gonna give you a deal I'm
gonna tell you the truth if the blog's
got more views yeah we would be more
encouraged to do them longer and not
saying that 120 to 150 thousand which is
what they're averaging right now they
fluctuate I know it fluctuates you'd be
surprised at how much we look into this
like summer Christmastime going back to
school the numbers fluctuate and that's
fine people get busy and stuff like that
you know it used to be where I'd upload
a vlog and within two days it would have
half a million views every single day of
course that's the old YouTube and you
know there's a lot more stuff on the
stage right now if YouTube is considered
a stage or a place where you come to
watch entertainment you gotta admit
there's a lot more stuff there's a lot
there's a good car than a lot of I can't
talk words where it's not scant good
what I'm saying is it's a big ocean and
there's a lot of more delicious fish out
there you know maybe you know people
have went away from Shaytards because
they've found other stuff to watch and
that's cool anyway like I don't want
this to like seem like we don't
appreciate you guys for watching cuz you
know a hundred even a hundred I've
always said I remember talking to
Charles Trippy on the phone being like
you know cuz me and Charles sometimes we
have like these daily vlogger you know
like talks we're like nobody understands
us it's me and you bro nobody gets it
nobody knows how hard it is that we can
like you know have it because me and him
have done it for so long and it's just
like it's tough you know putting this
much of our life out there and it's I'm
not gonna lie it's hard reading comments
day to day where people are like I
usually like but it is it's difficult
reading you know very critical comments
every day and I know it's not a majority
of them but that's just human nature
you'll read 100 good comments and then
the one where it's like you're horrible
parents sometimes it just it feels like
you just want to take your family way
like fine I'm not gonna share my life
anymore you know we can do other
projects maker studios is a very big
organization now it has almost 300
employees like there have a lot of other
things that we could do a lot of other
opportunities that are coming up that we
turn down anyways long story short a
thumbs up will help honestly I know
there's like I said a hundred 150
thousand people who watch these videos
even if 10% of you thumbs up the video
in each of these videos averaged 10,000
I mean 15 percent would be amazing if 15
percent of the daily viewers of the
Shaytards vlogs would just push a button
for us that's all I'm asking bad bros
just just one little just like a little
I'm not gonna lie to you here when I
want to gauge viewer interaction I
always look at the thumbs up I always
want to see how many thumbs up and how
many comments are on a vlog to me
sometimes that's more important than the
views because sometimes you just it'll
get caught in a youtube algorithm and
you know a random vlog will get 600,000
views but if it doesn't have a high
thumbs up it means there's not that much
viewer engagement so I always watch for
that every vlog I go on I check the
thumbs up and I check the comments how
many of you are talking and engaging so
that's what matters to me like if 10
percent of you are willing to help us
and to you know just click that button
click the thumbs up button it helps
tremendously not only by making us feel
like you want us to continue to do this
but it does help views and then it's
like you know we're able to do this
instead of other projects because this
is doing so well it's like why would we
do anything else
if the daily vlogs are doing so good why
would we go on you know to look at doing
web series with I don't almost said whoo
but um there's another opportunity
that's come up anyway so rant in my robe
you know I see magic trick I'm gonna
push this ring through my I'm serious
I'm not gonna lie to you I'm gonna push
this through my forehead I'm gonna pull
out of the back of my neck are you ready
here we go
ah you see that oh here comes here comes
ah that's magic ladies and gentlemen
that is entertainment pure unadulterated
entertainment
whoa what'd I just say that true I was
just out for a minute because I shoved
this pencil up my nose so I don't even
know what I said right now hey there's a
hot Scout leader here I've been talking
for nine and a half minutes
f-word McGillicuddy's goodbye I'll see
you tomorrow
hey guys it's Denis again just following
up on what Shay was just saying please
don't forget to thumbs up this video and
every other shaped heart video that you
watch because we want to keep the
Shaytards videos going don't we I mean I
know it can't go on forever because that
would be ridiculous but as long as
possible not just because I love this
job but I've always loved shade heart
videos I was watching these videos way
before I was editing them I've only
started editing them like six to eight
months ago and they've been on for four
years and I've been watching the entire
time does that sound creepy maybe a
little bit whatever you're watching to
you and if you want to keep watching
then we got a you know we got to
remember to thumbs these videos up okay
back to the ants late to your left we
have yesterday's vlog and to your right
we have another shaytember episode on
the shayloss channel and then of course
in the middle we have one two and three
for what the shade hearts we're doing
one year ago two years ago and three
years ago okay guys it's everything and
we will see you tomorrow bye
