hi login here well go there
oh is it watch the video who are you
you're my friend why am I so weird
stamps are you weird oh yeah you're not
on this well I'm your mom
so eventually you're gonna get weird cuz
let's face it runs in the family
so SunGard you just finished your first
day of rock star how did it go good
heads on chart what instrument are you
going to play guitar for sure do you
wanna play guitar you and play drums I
really wanna play drums like that's all
they're full
lots of drummers lots of people want to
play drums I heard it's good to learn
all of the instruments and because
they're all fun to experiment with and
play with
so you should just try everything right
but yeah he tried his rock star later on
the week he has skateboarding buildings
building that what's like and you know
how to build your own skateboard then
it's the second build your own
skateboard yeah that's gonna be super
cool so you're gonna be a rock star
skater dude ladies back off that's all
on the same back off labels there be a
football star soccer star rock star and
a skateboarder about babies possums have
pouches in their bellies and wafer over
an arraignment I don't need the female
the female possums have pouches so they
can carry around their little Papoose
we're learning about the eight opossums
I made up a new song guys I'm stuck in a
traffic jam jam Jam I'm caught all up in
this traffic jam singer with me son
jam jam he thinks I'm crazy don't tell
him I'm not I'm really cool yeah
out of this traffic jam jam jam
hey when you're living in Los Angelos
California you need to find stuff to do
when you're stuck in a traffic jam so
I'm making up a song what are you doing
in your traffic jams huh are you getting
all road rage and angry papi I'm Zen in
my traffic jamming song and the Sun
tarts just jealous cuz he doesn't have a
traffic jam jam jam no I was like mom
that's little do y'all know I've been
singing this for at least 15 minutes
before I turn the camera on anymore I
can't keep the tune okay why are you
hating on my traffic German are you just
jealous I think that you're just jealous
because you don't have as cool of a
traffic jam get it it's fun jam jammy
Jam traffic jam yeah no comment
oh wait Kyle all up in this traffic jam
jam jam I'm stuck in my traffic jam
dance fine I'm turning it off now no
more traffic jamming because I'm excited
about I'm excited to go to Disneyland
today compete what okay
man are we going to Disneyland today I
love how you just come up with these
things because we're gonna win a million
dollars why don't you think about when
that would be better
I'm ready we haven't any sugar they it's
not a sugar baby it's not Saturday what
is we are super bored here
crowd she's gettin super good at this I
love watching them finding the rope here
because they the older girls once they
get a little bit older they can do it
without using their legs at all they
just use all of her body and they have
to hold their legs straight out in front
of them it's amazing amazing upper-body
strength need help open it yeah let's
open this hey get out of here
secret check it out okay kids look what
I got for you so if you have been
anywhere I'm sure you've seen either an
annoying orange plush ball and a crane
machine or at you know shirts at stores
this merchandise is everywhere and I
even just see random kids that you're at
these kids school that are wearing
annoying orange shorts so shirts videos
all done on the computer and on TV
Cartoon Network's Monday night but today
we had Bobbie Jen's who is the
grapefruit yeah so that's on tonight you
know the grapefruit on Annoying Orange
SunGard he was on our podcast today and
he's one of the editors of the web show
well he hooked us up with some swag all
right come get it you guys you got print
this hard where's that pink one come
where this princess hard for it to start
this one's for you here we're let's see
hold that up that cool let me see let me
see
Tracy nice you got these little plush
balls way there's one in there that's
the Apple that we're gonna give away in
from the podcast this is signed by
daneboe who's the creator of Annoying
Orange you signed this one so we are
gonna give this one away on the plug if
you can't have this one dude wait what
you pushin it says look let's hear the
orange no it's crazy
maybe we should give away some of these
posters you guys want a poster whoever
can tell me no I can't ever think of a
good way to get give stuff away there's
always some loophole Mike I was gonna
say whoever can tell me this will just
randomly pick whoever can tell me the
two items cuz I've been on two episodes
of Annoying Orange you can tell me the
two items maybe will do for the first
ten people in the comments yes let's say
no no 1 2 3 4 5 we have five posters
they don't need them I'll give them you
guys will sign five Annoying Orange
posters remember when I signed bo
burnham CD his eye tell me the two
things that I was because I've been two
episodes of an orange you can tell me
the two things don't give it away bro he
do use flatulate in the presence of the
orange
thanks sure well print start go put
yours on I wanna see it oh wait let me
see that one we gotta save that one
we're gonna be giving this one away on
the podcast you got to check out the
podcast if you want to win this Apple
signed by the creator of the show
daneboe Bob Jones was on today and we
talked all about an oratory what are you
doing
that's a corn can you name who these
people are
so that's Bob gins I think that is sane
Bo who's that that is I just II who
you've kissed before and then this one's
Kevin brew ik and I think all of these
are Dane Dane does all he does the pair
the marshmallow the orange on the Apple
where's Robert
he's yelling mommy here let me go see
let's go save her baby what you play a
basketball at your sister's doll again
hole well dad you see what I'm just
saying is I like to dunk Tinkerbell in
the next yeah
there's to be food in here I don't bring
food in here chicken butt well of course
hey you guys know that rock cards in
here playing with your doll hunter
talking with you under doggy for
Tinkerbell whoa your turn baby tart tell
me what you learned at school today
you did not this is a 360 degree view of
this dinner deliciousness
oh there something to add waiting all my
goodness gracious you don't say this is
not okay but it is high and Happiness
this is definitely not low carb but
that's cool cause we're runners hey
mister car driver
this year's Car and Driver number one
driver on the road it's dinnertime
and then leave what happened at school
today tell us you had two tickets dude
are you gonna be thrown in jail
doing what how much lemon you big dope
you just walk out decide to pick up
litter you got Sun tire tell us about
your day I play kickball what's your new
library book did you have like a hundred
books how many books are you read in
your life she played Simon Says twice in
gymnastics today and she got second the
first time and she won the third time so
proud of you
which means that's the secret what's
your secret to winning Simon Says
princess art got a lesson right
adolescence for that Simon that key
phrase all right my dinner is not going
nowhere but my belly so it's time to do
another exciting thing Center what song
did you play today
he has rock star remember last year when
he had rock star he got to play at the
House of Blues what up played Johnny
Johnny be good Go Johnny Go Go that's I
reminds me of the movie Back to the
Future go Johnny go and he's up on stage
and it's like back in the future at his
parents under the sea enchanted dance
that what is called
job yeah Joe it's an its remix yeah it's
the remix Joe Joe mama Joe mama remix oh
that's cool dude that's a classic rock
and roll song yeah right
food each of four the dog or do no I
don't I refuse to accept I blade with
these drugs that's pretty good oh just
joking up on that fork it's like a bat
that's too long
you gotta choke up on it good job little
man
you like those noodles see rock tart say
thank you mom for the dinner can you say
thank you mom don't bug me a big doofus
um did he say why don't hear it we had a
traumatic experience last night cuz rock
art had chef something up his nose so we
were trying with the we didn't film it
cuz he was screaming bloody murder but
we had tweezers and we're trying to get
it out of his nose and that we couldn't
mommy tarps holding them down with a
flashlight we couldn't get it out what
it found out today cuz I came out it
came down his nose hole a little bit
today we found out he had gum up there
that's classic two-year-old baby tard
remember giant baby boogers I think it
was called right here that was probably
one of the most disgusting things in
fact I don't even feel like eating my
dad anymore
thanks for reminding me about that that
was in our old house the house we very
first moved in when we moved out here to
California to start makers studios baby
tired remember remember that house and
had that spiral staircase that went
upstairs
Denyce used to live up there but when we
lived there but there's been you guys
have heard us talk about that house for
19 grand or every youtuber in the world
has been that's where he first moved and
that's where we pulled about three tons
of toilet paper out of baby tards face
remember that why did you sit that
toilet paper it's fine like popping is
it whoo
I hope you're not eating while you're
watching us eat because we're talking
about disgusting things booger
you're not going to talk to me yeah
giving me the silent treatment for
bringing up hey I have a question you
guys a lot of people in the comments of
these videos say that you guys are gonna
be mad at us later in life for filming
you and all these embarrassing moments
do you think you'll be mad at us when
you grow up what do you mean I'm home
all the time I think if you knew what
other kids had to go through with their
dads are hardly ever home you don't have
a proper perspective on it well that's
what dads do yeah I don't think SunGard
really appreciates how much I am but
that makes me feel good dude that you
want to see me more you could be like
why don't you get out of here loser why
don't you go to more meetings that is
true if you know you guys don't even
remember well when I was working like 60
hours a week I used to go to I used to
leave to go to work at 5:00 in the
morning and not get home till like 6:00
at night and now I'm home a majority of
the day dude when I was growing up my
dad was never home when I got home from
school I am here every day when you guys
get home from school
am I here every day what are you over
school all right enough of this I'm
eating my food
Rob tard clean that pan off the couch
clean that off so rocked hard just had
this pin and he was stabbing it and he
wrote some on the couch then he
immediately went to lick it off no he's
now he's trying to lick everybody hey
come get this pin off the couch young
man hey he is a crazy man
tickle em you tickling you go take those
princess card clip tickle your sister
whenever I take all the kids on dirt
tickles whoa
tickles black dude shocking things
everywhere I have a bad child on our
hands typical two-year-old
all right time for bed let's go baby
tired you tired good night everybody
we love you and guess when we'll see it
tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow I love you
tomorrow
it's only a day
all right so I hit the high now you see
princess art Gary a baby tard to bed
what a good sister okay hey guys welcome
to the end slate I'm standing here in my
immaculately clean house because Shay's
a sweetheart and he cleaned it for me oh
I love him I want to make out with his
face already but of course you'll have
to see that in tomorrow's vlog but if
you do want to see what we're doing
yesterday go check that out rocked hard
decides he wants to be a hillbilly and
never brush his teeth again you can go
check out what we're doing one two and
three years ago and also shaytember to
the right you can go find out where
Shay's at in his quest to reach a
hundred push-ups by the end of September
if you are following Shaytan burr and
you have goals don't get discouraged you
might be getting this courage now not
seeing results but I promise you those
results and changes are just over the
horizon you just got to keep pushing
through so keep it up I'm proud you guys
as always I'll see you tomorrow
have a great day
