it's a talented nice all right we don't
he'll run I'm ugly shouldn't say that
about myself huh but I mean look at me
oh boy I need a hat dude are you going
for most colorful he'll run today man
those socks are popping those shoes are
locking and lighting dank Sun you see
this shoe shock game going on over here
this guy's got skills grandma got these
for you in Alaska huh do the colorful
all right we are going up the hill let's
go exercise you know how we do okay
listen up it's time to vlog everybody
act like you like each other act like
you're happy
act like you're excited to do this okay
hey all right are we ready to do this
you guys excited all right go
last one of the tops of loser you guys
so are you sore from yesterday really
nice nice as usual the kids are ready to
get it over with
they're up there rocking and rolling
they never say it's a competition but
they usually end up you know they do
like the first one yeah first one down
is usually bragging at the bottom back
to the bottom yeah
and Shey blesses soul carries a baby
most of the way either it stacks in a
rock are you run to Brit yes honey yeah
let's do it
look we picked up a straggler well you
can join our family will take you
you're so strong keep going come on you
can do it
you can do it
diet oh no one soldier down you take a
break yeah you walk about 15 feet baby
come on
okay he goes I can do it I'm tired now I
need a break I love it that's a strong
mommy right there
oh I needed a break that two-year-old
can get heavy rock how are those
colorful shoes i treating you good nice
dog so we've been traveling so much
we have been missing our Hill runs we
did one yesterday for the first time in
a long time and we were filling it man
everybody was like geez this is not as
easy as it was when we left off so it
just shows you you got to keep at it or
else you lose it but this is day two
today it feels better than yesterday so
that feels good okay keep pushing
forward people have a happy life
exercise you know push your dog push it
in a few years Brock I guarantee you
nobody will be able to beat you to the
top of this hole because you are fast my
friend all right uh if you guys joined
us during Romans livestream then you saw
this mayhem happening we are your
jumping a good dad that's right you are
being a good influence right now this is
so fun by the way we had a reshoot you
jumping from the top of this I did jump
in the top and I was scared I didn't do
it like a man I was kind of scared about
it you totally did it like a man be like
just ran and jump in the very top stair
down to the loveSac below and he even
hit his knee on the stair landing a
little high yeah but you fluffed it
before I did it which saved me I thought
you were just gonna kind of like short
it like right and just kind of like
shoot down but he like jumped up and
like skydiving eyelashes okay it was
right we're hanging out we're eating
waffles were jumping off of stairways I
even skateboard it on the treadmill
Brittney and I didn't wreck
dude I saw that and I was like I have
got to try that I was great
no it was that sweet what jumping on the
stair bag is it air bags amazing yeah we
got some prizes coming two special
things coming today but we missed the
UPS guys ah dude wait really
but we were running where we have some
special things coming so we're gonna
hope that the guy can deliver them later
today because we're gonna have a
barbecue tonight and Danny is building
something that you saw him build
yesterday and these new toys that are
coming we're gonna you'll see all right
well we're up to no good again you know
us so Roman got us some new toys to play
with tonight dude I can't wait I find my
fiber here we're headed down right now
to meet the UPS guy Dan's been hard at
work
Casey's the co engineer you know all
these projects take a couple dudes with
beards to get together to figure out
what we're making we start with a big
metal tube here and then we put some
dirt over it and then all sudden we got
ourselves a jump and a tunnel - and one
with one stone and I just jumped it on
my motorcycle you got to go watch Romans
vlog to see I don't really jump it but I
did go worm I remember like just like
that I we're building dirt jumps guys
see we just love me more like everyday
we're kids dude this is I told Danny I'm
like have you ever seen the movie Brad
it's like you saw the movie rad every
Saturday on hey man brother like Judy
waits for him to go through the tunnel
right Rodya backflip could it be removed
I'll take it up bison will G for us oh
what's going on up here what are you
doing a note are you gonna jump yo do
not jump that's scary that's high hey we
got electronic devices everywhere Roman
just got some new toys delivered to our
house we're ready to see these new toys
so excited about all this like our
brains
come here let me show you these new toys
real quick you want to see him follow me
what are you guys doing in here gonna be
an RC truck oh man yeah right - brand
new RC trucks just showed up and they're
playing with the boxes look at these you
guys Danny's build the jump dude we're
gonna launch these bad boys next level
what are these sweet do you think I can
do a backflip yeah does it say they can
do backflips yeah
wow so excited it's gonna be so much fun
so Roman got here and he said hey I have
some buddies at this RC company called
Trek sious tracks Traxxas how do you say
it Traxxas and they can send us some RC
trucks overnight and I said ok literally
overnight dude and then we missed the
UPS draw and we had to go chase him down
so there's a special dealio the wind out
on Robbins channel check that out so
yeah we're charging the batteries right
now and we're gonna launch these bad
boys off of a gigantic dirt ramp dude
here's the jump that we're gonna be
building Roman and Danny are
collaborating on all the right
intricacies of the ramp vertical angle
do you approve Roman
watch out come here Dex here alright
alright Tony Hawk dropping in trying to
do the 900 here we go
did you like our jump we built are you
excited to jump it come look at these RC
trucks we got they're charging right now
they're awesome sidebar before we do
some epic RC jumps I forgot that I
promised my sister Carly that we would
help her put her backyard in so come on
let's go do some good service come with
us it'll be fun all right so uh here's
the number one most subscribed youtuber
in the last five days and he's helping
us lights off let's say that's not true
but it actually is thanks everybody and
I'm learning how to ice on a side
welcome to Idaho come help us do some
manual labor Roma now let's see this
babe come on unload that grass there you
go keep it moist smog good night
Romans already laid two freaking things
he's killing it look at all this grass
you know I'll be here all day
we need to a time-lapse it's part of the
earth alright initiate time-lapse now
of this time-lapse going we're building
the crafts romanette what's not afraid
to go to work
she's so fond us to like buy makers it's
coming together quick looking good babe
grass glorious cross we're laying stuff
green stuff how's it going babe you
almost done no I don't think you're
getting credit little bit longer you've
been gosh I got muscles I'm dirty
many hands make light work how long it's
probably taken us this like 40 minutes
maybe 30 minutes yeah we're killing it
look at you two working together you
guys were born together us a call at one
eight hundred rows and Shay's grass
install service I've got my new channel
roaming out with sods me being one it's
gonna be big look Rose done last piece
whoo nice I'm gonna miss her how do you
imagine hold me up nice hahaha
first grass backflip all right it has
begun oh you'll never see me not smiling
with arse watch this thing what dude
that's so fast it's like Marty McFly in
Back to the Future Robin is going 88
miles an hour gonna go back in time
cheese at the lightning bolts don't run
over a little kid huh dude we're gonna
jump this bad boy oh this is gonna get
rowdy Daxton you ready for this okay go
tell Roman go tell Roman that it needs a
driver Roman it needs a driver Jackson
wants to put his guy on it
so we're back from installing the grass
I forgot that I promised my sister Carly
that we would come help her with her sod
today the same day that the number one
youtuber in the world is in town
whoa I gotta say that a kid watches
watches
anyways shout out to Roman for coming
and working his butt off and helping us
put that sod in any way he's can't do a
jump you guys watch this you click you
land it like way over here
okay wait Roman hold on Roman Jackson
wants to put his guy on it wrote yep
hold on let's put this guy right here
watch driver do you look at this we put
this right in there like that
okay okay Roman that make you happy okay
okay let's see this thing alright here
goes here he goes dude Duke's a hazard
Dandan didn't an attorney boom wow
that's so hot small down round yeah was
pooch Patrol is here you might have some
doggies chasing this thing
okay you guys Romans gonna jump me
here's ready for this yes I wanted to
come right over my head hold on I'll
duck a little bit right there no you
will not hit me on the dirt
I'll move try it Roman I'm gonna dodge
it if i CL dodge it
you guys ready here we go
and what could make this day any better
well yes water you can make a better fit
all right here we are my brother's house
delicious food has been prepared we got
steaks we got crab leg my mom's a big
fan of my brother's YouTube channel that
she's got his shirt on right now what
are these steamers dude those look so
good
salmon steaks clams and crab legs no you
better get in here and start eating some
meat boy you hungry get it here got some
meat on the grill
freshly try yeah there's me you better
watch out we'll mount you on the wall in
here thank you
like you're the one ahead up please yes
mama Zeke c'mere Buffy come here you got
some steak come on over here he knows
it's coming
he's Haslam ask look at Zeki look oh
that's why he's always gosh nice nice
nice don't bite his hand off no you
gotta give everybody one yeah all the
dogs laundy blondie gets one Bronx gets
a piece the dogs are eating good tonight
The Seagull seek a giant headed Great
Dane if you just made best friends yeah
it is all right next up we have the
Coonskin hat Brock on the RC croc racer
hold on tight you can build a city on
top do you good Brock how was that dead
boom Jackson you want to write on it no
that's scary okay you don't have to
all right Roman let's see what you got
on this jump here he goes Oh tumble but
it stays on its feet it's like a cat all
right guys who wants to be up close and
personal miss me hey Davy Crocket what
are you doing I'm gonna ride your bike
down it with steep can you handle that
Hill dude let's see it hold on Davy
Crocket whoa nice peel out was that fun
maybe it wants to try all right let's
see it what you got can you hang with
your little brother nice got a girl yeah
it is small I am filming to brown a
member okay here it goes
oh whoa
we breath
oh cool
now listen just like I said in the live
show earlier I'm a trained professional
do not try this at home Roman Atwood has
been driving these RC cars for about 48
years he knows what he's doing
look is that even that old house I know
that's how good he is what before he was
born
pre mortal house it's riding these cars
it's pretty impressive swig
do you ran into that RC car here goes
dad again
sweet
good spot
oh whoa nice crash Brock
nice
oh here we are at the site of the
slip-and-slide
it has now turned into a motocross track
slip and slides motorcycles yeah nice
Romans bringing the car down here we're
gonna try to clear off of that jump over
Zeke down there okay dude your goal if
you wish to accept this mission is to
gap this jump down into there there's
absolutely no way I know you're not be
going real fast I bet I could go this
way yeah that's what I was thinking -
maybe you could reverse it no lip yeah
go the other way
try to go up it
Oh
yeah Gavin did that on the slip and
slide a few times dude these things
still are awesome all right um now yeah
you break a lot of money we're trying to
jump the drone here we go ah
was it close come in a little bit closer
Danny all right here we go take two
drone verse quadcopter Oh need more
speed
all right this is the one it's gonna
Claire
yeah RC car over the drone we might have
an injured RC car I want to see the shot
on that drone if we got it or not all
right what an epic day just some dad's
being kids you know what I'm saying
who liked the RC cars yesterday Daxton
yep Jackson liked them a ton thanks for
hanging out with us Gavin you think
we'll get any use out of those RC cars
after Roman Atwood leaves the house yeah
probably I think so probably too um
we've been having so much fun with these
guys thanks for watching be sure you
watch yesterday's vlog and all the vlogs
before if you want to we will see you
guys we might not see you guys tomorrow
we have a big bike race that we are not
prepared for we're doing a 50 mile bike
race tomorrow
it's gonna be crazy so just follow us on
Twitter and Instagram and we'll be
posting stuff there but maybe no vlog
tomorrow unless we have a Shaytards
rewind which I think we will okay I
should have planned what I was going to
say in this insight I gotta go I love
you guys thanks for watching click on a
video and we'll see you soon bye
