hi I'm login here alright has begun Sun
tarts domination of the spoke dude I'm
trying to vlog here Oh son TARDIS out
here this is kind of like soccer tryouts
but it's like a soccer evaluation where
they see like how talented the kids are
to put him on which team and it's he's
out there man makes me nervous for him I
love you bro you're doing a great job ok
act cool for all the boys totally
reminds me of playing soccer when I was
a kid my dad was actually my coach we
lived in Phoenix Arizona and we had
these big flags like it was serious was
very competitive I mean in case you are
the same team and I just remember every
Saturday would come out and play some
serious soccer sports is such a big part
of my life I played sports almost every
sport imaginable up until 9th grade when
I was eight years old until I was in
ninth grade I played soccer football
track cross-country basketball basically
every sport there was I played when I
got into high school I stopped because I
went skiing and I decided I liked to ski
like or so I would ski all the time I
played soccer a few times in high school
but I didn't play very many sports in
high school because I was more into like
the extreme sports I would go
rollerblading everyday after school
where I'd go skiing and I never really
did you know organized sports after high
school except for soccer but I miss it
and teaches you a lot organized sports
really teach you how to work hard be
part of a team and I'm excited to see
sunt art evolved over these next few
years I told him that today was the
first day of his 10-year domination on
the athletic field
he's pretty athletic guy and he's strong
he's dang strong kid so it'll be fun to
watch him here he goes
it's his test I hope you do good son
go go go go go go go ball yes get the
ball dribble it through the cones and he
has to go score that goal
nice so I'm in the bathroom at this park
where son TARDIS trying out for football
and soccer where you think this thing is
check it up
here he goes this is football tryouts
now we did soccer
now he's doing football five nine I
don't know what that is I guess that's a
40-yard dash now that's a backpedal
backpedal backpedal backpedal backpedal
backpedal that's done let's catch the
football
nice nice nice going along going along
one get a dude get it get it guys
dropped brats go check it back now they
play a little catch
so these coaches are all like testing
them you know I mean like writing down
their scores it's like a real draft here
and they're gonna draft their draft the
kids all right nice job centaur good job
man
how you feel did you get a signing bonus
you better get a signing bonus dude I
want at least some mill in the first
year okay okay good job look at you you
look like a little fairy princess in
your training I'm here monster fairy I
was saying you look like a fairy perched
in your tree I guess the monkey makes
more sense supersymmetry oh yes you're a
fairy too you want me to carry your wet
baby like oh she's so sweet what is she
wrapped him she's wrapped David yeah I
think that's my swept I'll that I was
wiping my sweat on earlier that's not
Chris at all oh well they find whatever
they can't have any baby blanket in the
house dude
don't die okay good job you ready yep
Tara baby the kiss-cam
yeah join us next time on the makeout
cam one retard is up in the tree she has
long her way up this monkey mayhem she's
pretty good climber
princess charters going to show us
something hold on I can't even talk this
is getting in frame oh nice you are just
a little Acrobat today jumping out of
trees and flipping over things I'm not
sure I show you got that footage but I
was just watching over there Shh she
jumped out of the tree into Shay's arms
and it was a huge jump I hope he got the
footage he did it he didn't picture
why didn't you tell Dad hey dad we gotta
film this yo everybody else wants to see
it too
not just you well we got to train him
guys we're gonna train him and get all
the good footage what's the matter baby
girl you look so distraught so
distraught have you wanna underdog you
guys want an underdog okay ready you
ready ruptured you gotta move we're
doing an underdog yeah you hit your head
oh I think it's time to go everybody's
getting hurt and tired okay you hold the
camera hold the camera and y'all doing
underdog don't eat how to hold on okay
ready
you're you're up there right there you
go there you go
all right here we go under that time
John now you're to put any legs or just
giggle or four five foot five foot five
yeah you got some KDP over here are you
guys pushing your baby what's their
names
I don't know her name is Ariel and this
girl's little little Lily hi little
Nellie little lily and Ariel what's your
baby's name Samantha Samantha and little
Lilly
so Roger oh dang a rollovers happened on
the 405 what's gonna happen let's see
driver truck put your little guy the
little guy fall out is he gonna ride in
the back now getting the tail good buddy
you gotta take a load of lumber down to
the Home Depot we needed down there by
3:30 we got some dudes building dick and
they need three six by fours
what's a 6x4 see you drive your truck
I love he like bends over like
 out I'm only getting 9 miles a
gallon of this beast
I got a hustle up and get to the job
site he's such a little boy mr. truck
man
looking up all right dude
your professional driver are you gonna
throw your motorcycle in the back now
you're a real heck yeah all you need is
a chocolate lab in the back of that
thing
hey whoa tripped on your truck
oh the tailgate went down hey rock face
look at me look at me I love you say I
love you dad rock card Hey look at me
look at me
hi hi dad don't bug me ah there's a
zombie baby ah don't even need a scary
mm-hmm TARDIS whirring son towards scary
ha ha ha ha
scary I'm scared I'm scared scared
that's scary Akhtar don't attack me he's
scary
your teeth are scary daddy Oh Jerry
don't do it don't go do you
so me and Robert are hanging out at home
mommy tard and the girl tarts oh oh they
went to a birthday party for a kid in
baby terms class rock heart is beating
me up oh my suplex to the chest
suplex to the solar black scary dress
scary is the cute
hey I love you don't scare me
security oh those are scary hey guys so
we're at a birthday party and this is
what the kid's dad has in his garage
that is why we do not have a drum set
why all right maybe someday if we have a
rock guys can have a dump set okay
jumping jumping
- birthday party ever
oh gosh we're vlogging the live show say
hi to yourself oh hi myself you're gonna
see this later
so listen people that are doing
shaytember with us there is no
shaytember day 8 it's a live show and I
recorded it we'll put a link below to
the blog TV it's all right here we have
great discussion about eating fruit
properly about you know not getting
discouraged if you're not perfect and
check it out if you guys are doing
shaytember with us day 8 is a live show
from blogtv
ok so don't get mad you're like where's
the shayloss video for today shaytember
day 8 it's linked go check it out say
bye to yourselves no man I need a macro
lens on this camera that isn't in
business anymore
by me I love you you're the best around
no it's gonna ever get you down you're
the best
ah hey you guys it's Denise how are you
I'm just here to tell you what's going
on in the end slate today to your left
as usual we have yesterday's vlog and
seriously I think this is the highest
Shay has ever thrown one of his kids
before and I have seen Shay through many
children in my day and to your right we
have the new shaytember video where you
can see a montage that some of you guys
are in and of course we have the 1 2 3
in the middle for what the Shea charts
are doing one year ago two years ago and
three years ago
ok guys is everything for today I hope
you're doing great and the Shaytards way
back tomorrow
