it's one things I hear the Shaytards
about it so guys we are in a comatose
state right now we have a 43 tacos and
the two of us eat rice krispie treats
four quarts of homemade beer ice cream
hey I didn't have but I haven't eaten
anything today I hadn't I didn't eat
anything for breakfast this morning
because we were rushing to get ready to
go to church and so I just ate a lot of
talking let's talk about how much how
many calories you burn knowing what's
talked about tacos I am the other hand
that infers that many tacos did you have
honestly I had two tacos but I had a lot
of chips I had I did the thing like
where I had a taco and then some of my
taco filling fell out on a nacho so then
I'm like you know what I'll do with that
I'll just go get a bunch of chips and
mix our nachos so then I went to got a
bunch of chips and then I well since I
was making a little nacho with my taco
stuffings that had fallen out I thought
well I should throw a little bit more
cheese and salsa those nachos and I was
like whoa those like little half nachos
that I made from the taco stuffing was
pretty good I'm gonna go make me some
real nachos so I have like three plates
of taco nacho nests that was delicious
do you guys love taco nacho no you know
Tuesday is today our good buddy and rock
and roll legend Charles
you didn't know that young on the
twisters ripping shawls swim P Charles
Trippy was one of the very first people
who ever I ever ever met in fact I as a
people that you know you guys know
yeah he's the very first youtuber at the
very first gather and I ever went to in
San Francisco on pier 39 he was the
first person to come up to me and say hi
to me he's like hey what's going on Shay
and I was like no and that was over four
years ago today you don't know Charles
he's one of the nicest people you truly
know he's pied me in the face twice Dan
somebody a nice way if I was somebody
had suggested that I should go and pie
him in the face for his birthday
but I had to be here at this stupid back
yard she grew up in this back ma meter
literally grew up in this house right
here she was brought home from the
hospital is that true mm-hmm there's
tents and trailers and there's kids on
swings over there yeah
hey baby tard how you doing yeah I'm fun
with your cousin's you having the time
of your life you know you love me
okay I'm gonna watch let's see yes see I
don't even see under doggy I didn't tell
her no and she looked at me like so
listen if you haven't go wish Charles
Trippy a happy birthday on Twitter and
on his videos and every other place so
being in mommy tarts hometown oh you're
ugly why did I marry you
why would you want to marry like that so
she grew up like I said she knew she
grew up in this town and
so when we went to church today we went
to her church that she grew up in and
there's a lot of people that knew her
you know from growing up and you know
who else was there is her old the guy
that when I was trying to convince her
to marry me she this guy was on a
mission and she was waiting for him to
come back from his mission and I had my
goal is to steal her from him and he was
there today and he actually taught blog
I taught the class that I was in but
he's a nice no we're cool he's I can see
he's tall and dark and handsome he's
like he's like I just wonder if you
would mind like we had a talk after our
class and we just thought maybe we'd go
on a bike ride or something take Sunday
we're just so we're just breezing out
new hammock we just had delicious nacho
tacos we had homemade with your ice
cream and rice krispie treats and
tomorrow we are driving back to
California because the kids have school
on Tuesday so they only miss one day of
school didn't have school Friday right
right yeah I saw some of you that's the
goal trying to miss a little school they
only missed one day of school for this
whole little trip we had so they'll be
back on Tuesday are we gonna make it
because if we leave tomorrow we have to
drive straight through which is 13 hours
of driving so we're gonna try to make it
back for Tuesday but yeah it was just a
quick trip to Idaho and to see the
family and to be here for mommy's family
reunion and it's been a lot of fun she's
got to take those opportunities you know
it would have been easy to be like
and it rained it rained yesterday the
moments the fabric of our lives any
whose will what's its I'm gonna run a
long ways tomorrow and I'll be thinking
about these delicious nacho tacos nachos
timber goals to run 200 miles and
yesterday I ran thirteen point three
miles which is good that's about on pace
what I want to be by this guy named Dan
carne Asus I think he's like the dude
who run 50 marathons in 50 states and 50
days and he said that when they had gone
family trips he would get up early and
he would head like down the freeway and
then the family like by the time they
got up and got dressed and got breakfast
and headed out they would just pick him
up alongside the interstate what if I
did that what if I just said okay I'm
leaving pick me up in a few hours
wait cuz the one stipulation you ought
to help me pack everything first so I
can chill and relax really cuz to run 15
miles takes me a little over two hours
so I could get like two hour head start
on you guys alright one takes Sunday we
love you guys tell him something from
your childhood that happen in this
backyard
you have your first kiss back here or
anything no where was your first kiss
your first kiss was next to the fire
station busted with who I was his name
Brad we talked about Bradley and that's
not the guy who is in church she kissed
lots of dudes she had lots of life but
listen Bradley had come after you bro so
many I remember in my journal I used to
have a list of like 14 or 15 girls like
kiss and it was like yeah I would write
him in my journal like I had numbered
them and I was like so proud that kissed
ovirt-engine
and I remember the girl should be neat
experience okay that's the question I
leave in the comments today how many
people have you kissed I think you
haven't gets anyone then good for you
total my whole life you're making your
salad stone really be honest very honest
how many people have you kissed or whole
well think about I'm gonna say probably
I'm like 20 to 25 I would say that too
serious what I think mine's 40 actually
I think my I don't know how many of you
people have you kissed named him I want
all their names Social Security numbers
and phone numbers in the comments below
how many people have you kissed this is
turning out really awful elitist and
lonely cares 26 there's me sick
okay we're gonna make out
