hi what are you doing what's in my
pocket I don't know my wallet I'm the
bill babe you like it collector real
good yeah yeah call the edge very funny
black no joke you can tax on all about
you oh yeah awesome oh oh I'm talking
here hey what's up good morning day two
Logan life I've uploaded a vlog two days
in a row well this one isn't up yet but
I'm gonna I'm gonna happy Martin Luther
King Day I just uploaded today's vlog
and said in that vlog that we're gonna
start doing daily till March 5th but
today's Martin Luther King Day so the
kids don't have school yes Logan's like
their work so you have to work you don't
get work off and we're gonna take the
kids yes yes I'll give you three guesses
ski and you're right you didn't need
three he took you got it the first guest
you're smart how did you know that
anyways but first we're going to take
Colette's dad down because it was his
birthday the other day
so for his birthday we're going to give
him some ski equipment because he's
liking the skiing and he's got some
great form so we're gonna go take her
dad down to the ski shop get some new
skis there were going to go up to the
mountain loved it make some tricks and
stuff
you guys I know you like the og floral
we're thinking about doing it on a shirt
I think a black shirt would look real
pop what do you cover in there so no
shirt right out regular regular file oh
that's smart because yeah
oh that's the boosted sach you know I
like to bring them to such guys I like
the more colors anyways we're going to
be working on some of these tees because
that's not gonna be winter forever which
sock come and cake let's go shopping
Sarah she acts like what Lauren oh wait
there was an accidental punching in the
face of my photo shoot did he drop
purpose was it an accident action that I
remember you are not supposed to find
doctor can I ask you a question did you
punch Brock on purpose or was it an
accident
oh oh are you sure Jackson while he
loves you in a dance battle when he was
punching he was shooting had fists of
fury in advanced battle and I saw that
Robin and Iselin our witness Gavin are
you saying that you are claiming the
Jackson hit rock a great idea for 50 can
be turn abroad Jackson did you punch
Brock on purpose this is the King has
been found out
we have a witness rod actions of a three
year old rock I'm gonna let you choose
the punishment why should we do what we
do to that Connie turn around no Polly I
don't think the brother that's a crime
throw them out in the road of cause like
it's like caving in here
I think an eye for an eye okay or what
if we had grace would have we had
forgiveness but if we had forgiveness
and that is the higher law exactly yeah
ya think that was yes they brought me
all right here we are we're we're mine
work you stuff because we go skate every
day turn off the camera
all right we're getting grandpa some
skis oh man we're down at the local ski
shop we got a freaking trunk full of
skis don't you ready to shred today whoa
red bulbs for you just kidding you guys
of course went Mike daughter have a Red
Bull
she had a rock star ha jokes
how does it feel babe you like it good
yeah yeah I saw the edge berry play you
guys know Josh you can pack all of you
oh yeah these are awesome he's a working
powder moguls groomers everything how
many of you guys are going to try that
cuz I swear try it when you go always
having a camera Colette
we're skiing with your dad again man
it's quit spitting on the vlog better
educate out I look gross huh
that's right you can hock a loogie
alright we're waiting for the kids the
kids are coming up top we're going to do
this and we're going to shred here they
are let's see who's going to wreck Hey
ladies hurry watch out other people are
coming all right
dropping in the steep run see Dave use
those turn nice it's a steep run Amy you
got it you just got to use your turn
just like mom
go for it girlfriend you got it huh
Emmy Lou
she's scared it's really steep to drop
in you got it stand up straight don't be
scared now make your turn you can go a
little bit faster than that that was one
mile an hour good turn I had a girl just
like that
there's Gavin on this move Lord let's
see his turns where's your turn
Gavin there's one there's two there's
three one two three four
here comes in me out the door here we go
down the mountain nothing rhymes with
mountain yeah alright finish with kin
now we're headed down the hill got to
get some food
ABI it's literally on your legs dead
you're going to get quite the workout
you want to skip - lets go this is gonna
be tired yeah we skied all day today you
have a good day yeah man I was shredding
I had a good time who did I spoil that
fruit ah alright I just went shopping we
have a lot of stuff put away so you guys
get your little stuff putting away hats
on let's do it when you have a big
family go through a lot of food got us
some lunch meat and blueberry not going
to put them together well I might not be
too bad you guys my house has been
suffering a little bit because we've
been skiing quite a bit that means my
laundry hasn't been getting them and
dinners having to be made and those fun
things that I feel like I need to do but
you know what it's okay because skiing
is inside
hi hi what are you doing today what's in
my pocket no no my wallet bring that
back you see it what are you do with it
okay give it that's mine you will really
see come back at that done
Oh what I found something fun
do you want to play the ukulele my play
dad ukulele
yeah when Oh
watermelon ukulele hey you watch it here
hey you know what you're going to be
playing some sweet tunes on that within
a couple years I just feel it I will
just you will what's on your face hmm
let me see
no stop ah hot dogs okay you hot dog
face I love you plate he took my wallet
okay you guys guys don't have kids
because this is what will happen they'll
take all your money and your life and
your wallet and your guitar memories are
back oh my goodness my blurry that whole
time there now we're in focus
dang it oh I'm killing dad you did it
I'm telling them how did you get my
wallet then I don't tell them okay yeah
put the butter in the freezer it helps
to have a freezer guys because that way
you can put a lot of things in it that
you can you know keep good longer your
hair clothes look very good okay go take
this also inside because we go through
that pretty fine oh that is very cool
I'm gonna finish you guys can see this
I wish the camera Kakuta do you guys get
sparkling you think you can light out
here pretty this is one thing I love
about snow is it sparkles it's so
glorious it's so pretty isn't it neat
where are you going oh I can get the cat
you stop chasing those cats cupry I find
it's cold out here
come on it'll flash yeah for some reason
he thinks the cats like to play with
them pretty sure they don't but he had
fun nobody wants to play with you Zeke
feels good it keeps coming in can you
play with me dude you hear him whining
at you he doesn't want you to play with
them whoo where are you flash nobody
clear just like no not until that big
opening what are you doing in my room
not putting on jewelry you're lying I
think I'm not really on bracelet oh
that's jewelry necklaces and rings
that's a lie you guys I told you they
take everything it's the person you like
any longer okay Cameron how do you guys
stay focused
anyways Isaac's cute you guys like it
hmm well anyway so what are you doing in
my jewelry drawer guys come on this is
out of control this is my jewelry tour
whoo we don't say how ridiculous today
you're not organized
okay no but it was just one drawer you
know how I need to work on it
actually that's my chore no because I'm
going to go skating tomorrow present it
that's I'm due tomorrow nope I'm gonna
go skiing never mind taking over life
when you're in this place I actually
have never I don't think I've ever worn
that one I think I got it for a gift but
it's just loud so I can't wear it on the
mom to you because it messes up the mic
so but I could wear it if I was going to
be like a gypsy princess when are you
going to be there I mean what am I not
going to be a gypsy princess okay weirdo
wait you're going to make a what to
close that hold on okay that's silent I
look at it it's like there's diamonds
inside of it focusing on your face look
over your face okay
pretty I love it I love it is like
diamonds inside awake can I talk talking
about this circle of death thing that
we're doing oh you stuck on okay no
really now you can't play mine or you
okay no no dad no I have an extra one
for that okay never mind too bright Oh
jewelry clean we had to be to see
princesses literally I have a lot of
jewelry she ever come on mom there's a
lot more going and on mom
I'd like it to be gypsy princess you do
in this video with all of your jewelry
on oh oh oh
shall we yeah I'm glad we I still I'm
cool come on okay
