dachshund hold on really tight okay
really tight don't let go hold on as
tight as you can do not let go you know
when the blood supply to your brain is
cut off immediately it's a little bit
more difficult over onto the end of a
rope all right well I've got a little
helper in the kitchen careful remember
it's hot does get nervous when they get
to the age where they want to help in
the kitchen because I don't want them to
get burnt but he loves cooking and I
think it's important to have him help
and to learn good job you're doing a
great job he was whining and whining
I wonder what so had to live if you're
having fun Dax you like cooking in the
kitchen yeah mom I love you thanks for
being my helper yeah uh-huh
you're hot yeah it's hot right there huh
a BIA is it a battle zone out there it
looks like you have the proper armor for
a water balloon fight what can we find
for your face you know what there are
some full facial Spiderman masks in the
boys room
Roget important where's the ketchup good
point where is the Ketchum is anybody
else like to oh no where are no it's
downstairs not whole you know I tried to
catch up on him that's true
little maybe I just don't need to dip
every single thing in order for that big
is a great one cereal okay I was told
that I needed to show the finished
outfit aim for the legs on Emmy
you guys are so hilarious you want to
know the best part of this is the boys
just informed me they're pretty much out
of balloons already so you may win the
girls have most of the balloons but the
boys have balloons and a giant water gun
so you may win by my blow-dryer out here
drying the surface well the truck looks
nice restarting it looks nice no no not
yet we're not done yet
what did I miss you're just over here
like shielding yourself you're not
really fighting back are you how's it
going
now that's some ammunition maybe I
should get in there and help
already I got good throwing with my left
eye rugged throws right either peanut I
feel like I have the camera so it's
unfair Butler oh sorry that was right in
the face
new role is you can steal each other's
balloons wait a second well this cuz you
couldn't take the heat with the gun you
gotta just stay there or take him on run
yeah she is she was over here by herself
a second ago who found my owl hat you
know what that means it's time to head
to the trees dude somebody made these
for us at playlist live like two years
ago the whole family had a whole family
about anyways we're gonna go swing
through the trees like that's about the
cutest shot I ever did see look at these
cute kids what are you guys sisters
brunettes with blond kids seriously I
think the same milkman visited me in
Romans house yeah alright we are closing
in on the rope swing
whoo feel it all right oh yeah I did
here we go gap you're gonna show them
how it works yeah you got to get some
speed yeah you want to do it you got a
hold on really tight though there she
goes
I got a fellow owl over there hmm
Brock you undo it this is like every
kid's dream right here
well done dad see this is like how every
bail army videos nice what oh good a via
but on Dex whoo okay everybody off the
rope it's my turn wait hey you got a who
like an Al if you're gonna do that
whoa
huh do it again whoo why don't we in
order don't let go let go
good job dude you want to go try it all
right all right lupus Magoo phasis
swinging from the trees Hey yep there go
Oh
all right who's next Roman actually try
one without give it a ride yeah Roman
just had a kid strangling his neck as he
did it yeah go to the right No
oh nice for me it's your Barbie don't
lie oh nice yeah Brock's wearing the
snowboard boots for some reason got an
owl hat and snowboard boots in July hold
on tight hold on tight hold on tight
'add nice last turn he loves it
nice job what the kids are peer pressure
and Brittany into doing it Ritter hold
on tight you got I can't write anything
like anybody good English there's no
motor on this yeah just so you can put
your foot in it or you can just just run
and jump yeah get a feel for really
commit you know hold on tight
can you reach that one right on time
happy running man
oh nice landed it all right let's go
somersault this is sturdy Atwood rope
always at home with you huh Oh your
double yeah what do you - that's when
you're gonna smack into the tree yeah
now phone it was like
a big up next better to go that way or
anyway you got to go both ways and then
get back to us and let us know which was
your favorite
Jackson you want to try it so cool I
don't know what my heart's getting
really passing at her go we're actually
scaring you okay go
Oh your hands are sweaty classic nervous
palm sweat happens every time no way
you've got yo shaky bum dummy to push
you
we'll help ya go you got it
woohoo had a girl dude again oh it's
great yeah go the other way going to I
Dax
okay Dax ends up next after M egos six
times the exes it's my turn yeah it's
taxons turn alright doc didn't hold on
really tight k really tight don't let go
hold on as tight as you can do not let
go you know
when the blood supply to your brain is
cut off immediately it's a little bit
more difficult to hold on to the end of
a rope
I'm today I'm well that was a belly
laugh that's good this is the camera
shaking I can't stop funny
Google daredevil daddy's getting a
workout too
that's how I did it the first time I did
this Tarzan
hey I thought of a collab name for our
two family what is it the Shatt woods
you know bad Justin uh-oh
Danny's in the skid-steer you know what
that means
oh no he's gotta build something and
we're gonna have to play on it
yes that's what Danny's say and yes he
is he's building some zone all right you
guys so where the waterslide was we took
out the little pond at the bottom and
we're gonna try to turn this into like a
motocross track this is gonna be like a
big berm oh maybe we could get a BMX
bike down here on the idea huh yeah
we're gonna build like a little
motocross track Danny's at war buildin
very awesome man Jackson sent hi Danny
let's try this burn me just want to try
it let's see if we can tip this thing
over
we should put a few more little kids now
this will do let's go whoo here we go
already is permit hold on tight can we
make it the top of this hill yeah
Bluetooth you look you can Bluetooth the
hoverboard yeah we're moving it dip dip
dip
all right want to go eat dinner because
we is hungry oh right you don't I think
you want to go with us huh you are are
you guys cool that of Zeke drives you to
dinner it's just me and the kids so
sorry dude you can't go we're going out
to dinner you can't go with us cool I
think I got Z Calandra come on yes you
got to get up come on get out you cannot
go with us he's so cute he loves love
all right
it's dinnertime Amy's been coloring
entire eating what you guys having a
contest here what's going on remember if
you don't finish your grin okay get
anything it clears oh my gosh so you're
trying to use the entire crown before we
go to the mall and on them yeah throw in
here get your picture crown oh I know
you want some new earrings you're
running out of people you're gonna have
to eat the rest of the crown
all right we're eating dinner Hawaiian
halibut crunch so good would you yeah
yeah salmon waitress that was a good
move
all right delicious dinner dang Daniel
 at it again with the white vans you
look cool in those shoes bro you don't
know the internet meme I'm referring to
what get out of here weirdo all right so
we just ate and now we're at the store
because we want to get some supplies we
had some big plans some epic journeys
we're gonna go waterskiing tonight we're
tired all the adults are like can we
just go back home and go to bed
the kids are kind of mad at us because
we told them that we're gonna go to this
jumpy house thing we're just tired I
told them all people get tired I woke up
early
oh dude buy me a watermelon one what is
that that is it's like pink lemonade
though dang dude my favorite thing as
smelling candles in the candle aisle
maple butters good huh maple
butterscotch here's cucumber fresh Scott
mmm I don't wake up in the morning are
you guys mad that we're not gonna go to
the jumpy house don't be mad oh listen
oh yeah there's one in my back yard you
guys can jump on I won't even charge you
one penny lame parents are lame man
parents just don't understand yes we do
we're just trying our best kids thanks
for watching the shade hard vlogs holy
crap I gotta say something right now
Roman Atwood and his family got here 24
hours ago and already we have 35,000 new
subscribers hi nice to meet you 35,000
new people it's not often that I explain
one of these end slates to so many new
earlobes this is very exciting this is a
portal to more che tarde videos we're
talking like 10 options here we've been
making videos for the last eight years
so those numeric kid faces you see right
there 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 represent exactly
what we did on this day 1 year ago two
years ago if you're like man this crazy
family what were they doing 8 years ago
today you can click on that number 8 and
go back in time and see one of our
videos we have over 2,600 vlogs quite
the library so if you are just joining
us you have a lot of reruns to catch up
on thank you for watching and thumbs it
up and if you want to see what we did
yesterday you can click on that previous
button you're getting the hang of this
and the mystery well you're just gonna
have to find out our jet
I can have to click on so with your
little clicker clickety click okay I
love you guys I will see you tomorrow
when there is more Shaq would
entertainment the Shatt woods of minutes
inappropriate okay buh-bye
