it's time for the one and only Labor Day
monitored family camp out bro it's
shouts Labor Day weekend and it marks
hold on you guys have some on your face
again stops you see ya always play your
phrases are much better much better okay
Ian if you look at your Shh arts
calendar you guys come and look come and
look baby try let's look at the
Shaytards calendar you see it you see
what day it is this coming Monday is
Shane Colette first day yes that was our
first day was Labor Day how many years
ago was a while ago was a while ago
we've almost married 10 years so it was
like what that was very dark too bad
it's over oh no it broke it broken so
any hose we're getting ready for the
giant campout and it's not really a
campout I mean technically it's a
backyard out whenever the camping but
we're camping in the backyard so it's
cool yeah at least we have a bathroom
and this is what my house looks like
right now explosion in the living room
explosion on the table explosion in the
dishes explosion the watermelon lots of
explosions references turn explosion of
excitement oh yeah if there are
explosions in your own tail let's go see
if they haven't exposed to kind of
what is this hi my name's earn your
money jar what kind of money is that is
that the money that you save the money
that you spend I earned you did it and
have a journey you totally did that's
not nice
that's no boys yesterday was scouts it
was our first giant thing back from the
summer break and Shay was normally gonna
come with me but he had a last-minute
meeting come up so he wasn't able to
come and it was like I had all the four
kids out the scouts thing and Princess
hard was super duper helpful and she
babysat rocked her the whole time so I
gave her three dollars for help me
babysit and you're just you're just
building up your resume of babysitting
oh my gosh what do you say I totally
wouldn't put that on my babysitting
resume but that's cool she's calling me
later guys it's beach day it's beach day
what does that mean to you not much but
it means that it's my favorite workout
running on the beach barefoot that's one
of the favorite workouts I do it just is
very relaxing to me I don't have to I
don't know why so you're not worried
about traffic I don't have to worry
about other people without my shoes
hurting me it's just me in the sand baby
and every once in a while I get to see
sea lions and dolphins out there it's
cool I really like it I feel free very
hippie-ish kinda you know saying okay
what else what do I get
this is me before and after whoo eight
miles in the sand will do this to a guy
Oh yuck is that nasty nasty I'm all
sweaty awful so good there's just
something about running barefoot in the
sand it's a very free feeling there's
birds who like fly with you and and you
see sea life and it's just awesome it I
highly recommend if you live near an
ocean I'm pretty dang lucky to live this
close to the ocean go on a sand run if
you're anywhere close to any body of
water get
take your shoes off and run on the sound
I've been reading that book Born to Run
and they talk about man was born when we
first you know when we are Aborigines or
whatever we didn't have shoes and like
the tammer era indians it's the story
about this mexican tribe in the copper
canyons of mexico how they run like
barefoot like that that's the way that
we were meant to run and then you know
like all these shoe companies came along
and kind of like ruined it anyways go
out for a run on the beach it feels
amazing
and now I need a shower beg Todd what
are you trying to get a bowl of grapes
is that why he was so upset
all she wants is a bowl of grapes that's
all she wants and I know I'm totally
slaughtering this accent right now but
it doesn't matter because I can see
whatever I want
cuz that glasses on and when you have
glasses on you can pretty much say
whatever you want okay okay so you want
the grapes well if you want the grapes
you got to get behind the carrots see
there's always grapes but you got to get
past the carrots there that's your
grapes honey go eat your grapes eat them
up eat them I put them up your nose at
the head but that was kind of loose I
don't think that was the right accent
that's okay cuz I got my glasses on do
the matter doesn't matter I'm British
Australian and I'm from Jersey that's
all what you kids in here doing you got
a problem egg in the face a smack in the
face watch it all you gotta watch it
what so I've been reading the comments
of the latest Shaytards video and I'm
being accused of loving one of my
children more than the others so I want
to ask you kids I'm tired go sit over
there by the girls right now we're gonna
fight when you get to the bottom of this
which one of the kids out of you for do
I love the most
what's what is better huh who do I love
the most yeah say I love you the most
maybe turn please could you guys think I
love the most who does the math problems
it's me I did it
if tell me you think I love mom the boss
what do you think baby turd
what everybody some tired who do you
think I love the most
honestly be honest dude i won't i won't
disown you if you say something that you
should think i love you the most
yeah you do well you gotta know that you
all favorites fun fight fight actually
princess hair got it right I love your
mom the most but you guys are bad either
you guys are pretty cool crazy hey guys
you guys are crazy
seriously though dude I love you the
most okay don't tell anybody
hey bro hey bro please please love me
please yes hey guys I love you guys all
equally kay I want you to know that okay
guys I love you guys dude I did not mean
any of that I'm serious I love you more
than all of them okay my turn okay you
guys running out of stuff to fight about
it's like you know you can't think of
anything else to say so it's like you
know they're fighting in the comments
about I think she loves rock hard the
most like that's what they have to come
to as fighting over who I watch one of
my children I'm showing more love
towards I guess if that's the only
criticism I'm getting and that's pretty
good criticism but I'm loving my
children two months doing pretty good
dude we're not gonna be ready to leave
in two hours
I think SunGard is the only one who is
really prepared for this journey - I do
check out this kid I love you the most
actually you know I'll tell you here's
who I love the most
honestly I love the kid the most who
listens to me the one who obeys me the
most receives the most of my love and
rockhard rarely listens to me
he never listens what
when mom was in New York rock guard said
to prayer anyways look at son tardy his
bags are packed he's got his game
station going it's bad his homework his
skateboard you're ready let me see your
bags that's all you're bringing is one
bag
what's the enemy that's the hearts going
on here did
who are these chick Chiquita's what are
these two lucky ladies get hearts and
you know what else centaur you know
their names
and why are they right next to each
other dude that's the first rule that's
the first rule of double datin chicks
you don't date two girls who know each
other you're gonna like put hearts I
mean thing out they would fill their
like right next that's like total
competition he's in love with him which
one do you think he loves the most
all right dude good job on getting
you're putting your stuff ready and plus
by the way mad fresh kicks bro-heem he's
loving those oh all right baby sorry let
me see your packing is it ready you
ready to go
you better be you got your books in
there
so you got only heck it's not about your
bring in that bag is heavy
put it on your back let's see you put it
on your back thing is full of books keep
it on there oh-ho-ho tipped over okay
that's a heavy backpack too as much ela
as muy Gordo
all right we're packing we're going to
Idaho tonight hopefully oh right oh
right oh right already you guys want to
watch another video huh do ya we'll go
ahead and click on it you can watch
yesterday's you can go see what we were
doing like a one two and even three
years ago oh my gosh that's so awesome
you could also go see Terry Crews like
totally he's so
right you got to go watch them you got
to go watch them we're talking to him
and ask him all sorts of stuff and
questions Shay go watch honey I love you
I love you too
I always love you love you guys go click
on it okay and don't forget to thumbs it
up cuz I'm not gonna yell at ya
more than one time to thumbs it up
alright this on the eve of just finding
out that Jersey Shore has recently been
cancelled
oh sweet I'm taking over I'm gonna start
my own show you got it you got it
stay tuned alright stay tuned honey
tarts sure coming to TV channels near
you it's all about baking and mommy died
stuff you're gonna be yeah but we're
gonna keep our clothes on this time guys
we're gonna keep our clothes on all
right we're headed to Idaho right now we
are on the road and the great vast
openness of the southern Utah desert I'm
seeing big clouds and red mountains and
lots of sagebrush
