oh boy welcome to another edition of the
shaitaan boom boom Mickey Mouse here oh
hey there's the word where do you guys
come from McDonald's look at yourself
do you want your you want everybody to
see that nasty look on your face smile
let me see you smile
so I'm sitting here watching CNN about
the hurricane son tired come to him what
he just said about sea so thought we're
watching about the hurricane that's
hitting Florida and coming up through
the Gulf and then he asked I hope
Charles and Allie are okay because he
knows that they live in Florida without
me even say anything centaur just
brought it I was like I hope Charles and
Allie are okay but they're all right
because it's not really gonna hit
Florida that hard looks like it's gonna
go around it
those of you in Florida stay safe stay
hunkered down with your tarps and
umbrellas it's Sunday
one takes Sunday on Sundays I don't I
just feel like hanging out the family
and just kind of like
hang on family don't do stuff right got
to keep the Sabbath day holy you're
supposed to go skiing doesn't mean
you're bad you're just trying to keep
the Sabbath day holy so show us okay
let's go let's i'll get my fat butt off
the couch what's going on in here what
do you want let me credit or debit will
that be credit or debit do you use
credit card debit oh yeah go swimming
dude I want to go swimming how come you
get to go swimming and none of us do
dude you're supposed to keep the Sabbath
day holy no swimming on Sunday oh yeah
that's nice nothing like a refreshing
dip in the pool on Sunday going dude
you're a little bit big for that
swimming pool these are the now he's
crazy man these are the little fairies
that grandma said okay so we're having
dinner chicken
French fries lots of french fries and so
Sun tarde googled what did you google
what did you write where French fries
where did French fries come from and
popped up America England Australia
Ireland and New Zealand that's where
they come from wow they're delicious
Centaurs learning how to use the Google
what went straight to the bathroom we
went in the bathroom and I'm like what
no dude you're did so good hey Rock
charts did you go peepee in the potty he
still has this church shirt on dude
knock it off somebody do something about
that this house is a mess
yes that's what we're doing we're having
dinner we're watching the Republican
National Convention dinner here fish and
chips kind of we're having chicken and
chicken and chips and what else son
tired that is so important do your
french fry research people I woke up
from a nap can you tell look I got the I
got the nap hair yeah I was in one of
those like if I don't fall asleep right
now
I could die you know like when you're so
tired and you like lay down and it's
like okay
open my eyeballs they're so heavy and I
had the weirdest dream I had this dream
that I was trying to ride my bike up
this hill it was like so steep but it
was a hill that I've ridden my bike up
before and I was like why can't I write
up this hill I kept trying over and over
and over but it was like so steep I kept
falling back what is it what does it
mean anyway so one takes honey please go
check out the running video September
first people it's coming up nobody
threatened them with their lives
I seriously I'll murder you if you don't
go thumbs that video up it's doing it
has a lot of thumbs up on it though it's
almost at 20,000 thumbs up okay one take
Sunday we're having dinner we're
watching the news stay safe if your New
Orleans especially looks like they said
it could turn into a category two
hurricane and possibly even a category
three and they said it might be
scheduled to hit on the anniversary of
Hurricane Katrina plus honey there's
been like a ton of earthquakes in
another part of California today there's
earthquakes going on there's hurricane a
lot of a lot of exciting stuff going on
in the world so stay safe and it never
hurts to have I'm kind of a lot I've
seen it I saw a few tweets about those
Preppers I think they're called there's
like a TV show I always say that you
should have you know like food storage
you know 72-hour kit that's very
important it's never hurts to have some
extra food and water flashlights
batteries tarps blankets those kind of
things prepare yourself you never know
there's a lot of natural disasters
better prepared than not prepared right
so anyways love you guys have a great
Sunday throw one of these out of your
face if ya have it yeah oh boy and I'm
gonna go to rock cards pool party so
Rach Tara's having a pool party in the
kitchen wish you could be here we're
gonna have Maya ties by the pool it's
gonna be awesome
have a great week we will see you two
ball rolls your French faster that's
right
go get me a fry boy dip it and catch up
by CS tomorrow
