yo yo yo welcome to the vlog okay you
guys guess what we're doing today we got
it I'm in charge why you never let me be
in charge okay today you guys were clean
the house because we have some very very
special guests coming to hang out with
us
in fact you could call them the number
one daily vloggers in the world
good morning a tional vlog in the
mornings but I got woke up a very
special way today excuse me some of us
are trying to sleep still if you could
take your little kitty app somewhere
else yo okay I thought maybe somewhere
else in this 5,000 square-foot house
might be good no yeah just right here
outside my bed yeah daddy's trying to
sleep to see daddy and the kitty on the
app both need their sleep two-year-olds
don't for some reason but daddies do and
kitties email is not crazy
Dax all right
I'm just gonna go back to sleep anyways
good night yeah what gasps I sleep in
hey good morning did you wake up did you
sleep good
I'm tired sleepy bud did you sleep good
what are you into with those shoes
my house how are you doing today uh-huh
but you know we have some special guests
coming today yeah they're Kevin excuse
me I have a complaint about my
accommodations what there was a
two-year-old right outside my bed
playing some silly app this morning that
woke me up ah I think I know what you're
talking about I think we need to lock
our phones up yeah
Jackson comes in our room disabled um
because they keep she keeps trying all
right ladies
we got a big big day ahead we just went
shopping we have seen guests coming over
it's a surprise some guests that you may
have heard of before they're gonna
figure it out I know but you know what
by the time this goes up they will get
to see you'll get to see in this vlog
who it is basically so we're just
getting the house ready they're gonna
come and stay in our house and it's
going to be fun I'm excited we have lots
of fun adventures and yes I got whipped
cream because I wanted to make some
waffles did crack Oh Benny don't smash
my bananas nothing worse than - banana
No
slingshot be okay stop throwing stuff
that might be not need to be thrown okay
I'm getting out of the car I'm getting
buried across right
yo yo yo okay you guys guess what we're
doing today we got it I'm in charge why
you know you never let me be in charge
okay today you guys were clean the house
because we have some very very special
guests coming to hang out with us in
fact you could call them the number one
daily vloggers in the world uh their
videos get maybe four million views
apiece insane um we've been friends with
them for a long time but it's a secret
so we have some special friends coming
so we got to clean this house okay
because when people come that you
respect you want them to think that
you're a good person because your house
is clean and so if your house isn't
clean then um you ever feel that way
yeah my mom taught me that company's
coming over clean the house anyways
we're excited for them to come over and
hang out with us you guys excited
please hear that all right I can hear
Selena what what do you
sorry Kade now can you believe it
Roman Atwoods here all right
welcome to Idaho is unbelievable here
actually one of the rules of visiting
our house is you have to take two
kittens with you so you would like to
present this way now we could give you a
litter if you are mountain beside you
for sale that's what you want it you
want to move in you want to move in it's
unbeliev it's gorgeous
you hungry there's a dinnertime it's
dinnertime
everybody's hungry time to get some grub
cheese yeah and I keep saying I love you
is anybody hungry I'm starving I don't
care well I'm hungry let's go dude are
you hungry you see you're moving you're
hungry I love reality that's easier said
that for every what food blogs that's
what I used to say every time with good
in new dog food blog today we've been
eating so much so fast that I mean pull
up camera you guys were right about the
wings are unbelievable they're the best
and how's yours then okay
is it good last year's going down these
two they're definitely gonna burn
something down this week look at that
face
look at that face yeah that's a burn
down face we've ordered more insurance
life insurance pains coming to town I
need a hundred thousand at once you know
we call him hurricane her hear him
that's his name the hurricane went
through alright we're going to get stuff
for s'mores Brock where your shoes at
they're too tight for him he has a pair
of shoes but they hurt his feet so he's
not wearing them Gavin go get your
brother tonight
we're gonna make s'mores like you've
never seen
all right you guys Roman had this
amazing idea and invention he's like
Einstein why it was your idea why have
we never thought to have different types
of chocolate instead of just the regular
Hershey's milk chocolate what if we had
Snickers s'mores Twix s'mores you name
it
nougaty heath caramel s'more
all stop limiting ladies stop with you
know like he is one of my favorites dude
we're doing heat s'mores tonight heath
bar s'mores
let's go brethren we must charge forward
into a new era of s'mores we ready to
s'more it up
Romans getting recognized over here at
the grocery store all right what's ahead
of cane strikes with this why you ready
hey guys what if instead of getting
Hershey's chocolate what if we got like
twigs or Heath bars for the s'mores okay
I like these ideas these are good ideas
yep we can do the old traditional but
we're gonna try new stuff this time we
make s'mores we are making yeah dude
that's we're here forgetting here to get
all the s'more stunt
I got you go oh okay okay go sit up yeah
what do you guys have what is going on
here who gave you those look at a basket
full of papac's okay we need to find
graham crackers ASAP daddy's gonna get
oh boy that's not good jeez those are
powerful fireworks all right here we are
here we are small 30 and we what you
chipped it right off my head oh I'm in
trouble we're getting kicked out I'm out
I'm out okay where are the children
I can hear them what is going on crazy
kids
the candy cart oh these kid are gonna
destroy something for sure
hello we got a bunch of sugar we're
gonna yeah we're gonna load up all this
sugar unload the cart unload the cart
did we go overboard here what was I
thinking
you put honey anything what was I to
expect right so you're trying to tell me
yeah you're bagging it yeah child labor
it's my favorite load them in load them
in s'more materials we got all the goods
that we need here we go all right we're
gonna do a firewood run we got firewood
up here so we're taking them all right
all right I would drive it's the quick
loss Jesus yeah well are you gonna say
quick one firewood drive here we go
what's the matter well you're the one
that wanted to come on the wood run
my arms around you
okay all right we got to find our wood
pile it's up here in the grass somewhere
all right kids
here it is come over here start grabbing
some logs we got a fire build some
s'mores to cook up a neat chew on all
right
no that's perfect dude throw that in the
back grab that Roman get on the other
side of that Avia I don't know I don't
think you can get it yeah oh dude maybe
you could get it you know live it up
live it up right now dude they just
released a big secret man you're doing
starburst Star Wars s'mores
starburst schwarber s'more bursts I'm
just coming up with something you gotta
have a name a V what do you call these
delicious s'mores used starburst s'mores
anyways Stars Star Wars so how do you do
it you just put those on instead of the
chocolate oh so you just add more candy
onto a regular s'more okay check got it
more candy more s'mores more chocolate
so much sugar
oh man there's a lot of smoke do not try
this at home you're roasting us is Roman
at was his first person marshmallow I
got yours
I got you are you vlogging behind you my
screens working oh that's not good oh my
eyes are burning I don't like it Alec
major emergency it did but I think we'll
be okay to never see like she went in a
hole mother
Oh so to update you
Romans camera went for a bath in a cup
of ice water and Colette's like rice bag
do you need a bag of rice boom shake
don't turn it on put it in here did you
just happen the pantry she's saving the
vlog guys that's
saved a thirty-minute submerged phone in
a bag rice really yeah have you never
tried it
I'm not personally there's your vlog
camera so how long do you leave it in
there Wow just take it up with me my
phone is in certain apparently it didn't
work 24 no then turned on it might not
even be dead you might not even need it
in the rice but she wanted you to put it
in there I think for her sakes for me
we're gonna say she fixed it if it works
what matter what do you want get him to
stand on your shoulders again ready
oh my god
see you just met her dude Jesus sorry
bro it's on dude does it work II think
so nice you saving my camera fell into a
hole of water and it was completely
submerged she's 20 mega rising like
three seconds and it's working babe you
saved the vlog you champion smile more
and you know that that's a motto I can
get behind
smile more indeed Roman Atwood is in
town we're so excited to have Roman and
Brittany and Noah and Kane hang out with
us for a few days some vlogging families
collide the Shaytards and the Atwoods
it's gonna be a great week so we hope
you tune in we're gonna do a lot of fun
stuff hanging out with those guys and
it's just gonna be an overall general
good time if you know what I'm saying so
thumbs up leave some nice comments go
check out their channel their channel
has blown up they have like you know 8
million subscribers but the amount of
views that their videos get every day
like 4 million people a day watch their
vlogs so it's kind of insane so that's
why at the very beginning it's like
these are the I mean I think they're
getting more views than
most anybody on YouTube right now and
it's just a dude with a camera good for
him and I'm so excited to hang out with
Roman and his family this week love you
guys thanks for watching we'll see you
tomorrow bye
