hi I'm login here who's got the coolest
shoes ever this guy huh hey rock hard
look for Twitter's
shoes yeah you see the other shoes you
want Ironman shoes
dude you don't need any other shoes you
are already rocking the coolest fly
Perry kicks known a man I showed rock
too hard this morning that we had the
same shoes on and he was like ha dad
shoes bet shoes this is how he does his
shopping jogging from store to store
until he sees weird headless ladies
that's awkward weird headless ladies do
watch out the Medusa will get you looks
like mommy you guys are so cute dancin
dancin Rock yard dance on the shoulders
doing the shoulder day and you wouldn't
show them two hands
seriously dancing
it's adorable I know you guys are all
jealous I have the most adorable family
ever don't go down
working those ABS you're going crazy
their job what do you see oh he's gonna
jump off the edge cheese that's not
cheese
those are what they are rolls of meat
there he goes he's mr. runny face I love
him so we're having a fun little
shopping day with just me and mommy tart
and the one kid that's not in school
it's so good to have the other kids in
school like I love them don't get me
wrong it's just nice to have like a
little mommy daddy time in a couple
years when Rock car goes to school baby
can you can you imagine what's gonna be
like would have like seven hours a day
oh sweet this is actually why we're here
shopping we need a new mattress our
mattress is uncomfortable and we toss
and turn all night yeah you like that
this might be a little bit more
expensive than we want to pay Hey we're
almost retired think about that think
how nice it'll be when all the kids are
in school we're a party every day no
mokou-san
oh crap can I take a nap oh I was so
sweet girl that you know asleep you took
a nap we've been lucky with this guy he
goes to sleep every night right when we
put him to bed we're like good night Oh
get off the bed oh he has to jump who's
mr. Jung Yasko out let's go let's go
let's go run run run all right tell him
the two things that were shopping for
today um running stroller and mattress
man and this little dude did he just
climb up there by himself
honestly her hand to my heart I did not
put him up there he just climbed up
there tell him mommy turn over oh I
didn't stop him that's pretty much how
it what do you do I need to get in your
store he's doing a little bit uh
stroller research so that's sticking his
head in you climb it in
no duties doing a little consumer
consumer research oh I gotta test it all
out that's not really a running stroller
that's like a double look at oh that's
when you like sit backwards oh that's
cool
like you know chillin in there Proctor
come do this one come get this one dude
come get in this one this is the one we
want we want a running stroller I'm
thinking the bigger the wheels the
better the bigger the wheels the easier
it'll travel yeah that's I think this is
the one that you're gonna want what do
you think dude mmm-hmm
anybody have any running stroller advice
out there this isn't Rawling footage we
need to run each roll here I want I want
there to be like a place to put like my
phone in the water as you're wrong
well you just always keep it for hey
rock card you want to jump off there can
you jump off there
no the too high is it too high
what are you stepping on bro get off
there end it you're gonna get us kicked
out of the store I'm gonna do it I'm
gonna jump jump yeah hey dude
I'll see do some tricks get this whole
store of mattresses to yourself whoa
this is like a dream to be able to like
run like dude to teachers he's gonna be
he's alright if he falls and breaks
himself
do you think she'll let me run all the
way across that's always been a dream of
mine I never would do that we gotta jump
right here he's in fella gap there's a
gap go do it you can do it yeah and ice
jump whoa I was a big one
nice dude boom boom boom your jump oh
nice dude was a nice leap now you just
gotta go just run run let's take it and
warmed up oh it's you that's your baby
baby rock hard they've been watching
them all day Stacy's above baby this is
one of my favorites the stanky leg one
and it makes you alright so he's gotten
used to Hollywood without me oh you yes
you cuz we're always like that's you
picture like that to you and you'll be
like how's the Check Point attire hi you
look what do you points to the secure
rock track you do the stanky leg let's
see you dance do the stanky leg
that's classic Shaytards right here man
classic shades art that was my Kassem G
poster that I got in the mail I remember
yeah classic shame tards that's a good
thing about Shaytards you guys there's
over almost 1300 of them you know zan
you can watch plenty of reruns
I mean seriously just watch them over
and over why not
I mean just watch her then watch it
again I didn't know I had a sad heart
moment today when I thought about Melek
I rocked hard I want to see a stanky leg
do the stanky leg do the stanky like it
would just thank you like just ride this
I'm so grown up now I was when I was a
baby
come on I'm gonna do the things I did
when I was a baby I'm riding my school
bus thing I'm going driver's license now
am I gonna do the stanky leg all the
girls at school make fun of me I'm gonna
drive to school in my convertible school
bus car do the stanky leg Judas don't
you like Judas don't you like Doody
stoical I can you do it he's thinking
about it he's thinking about it
come on mami tarde really get a stanky
leg it up in here I'm trying it's a good
workout there he goes I challenge you at
home to do that wall was a loud boom
drop Wow
I challenge you at home to do the stanky
leg for 45 seconds without getting a
little winded
that is a weird that's like the worm
roll thank you like 2012 no he's he's
practicing a stop drop and roll cuz he
saw me teaching baby tard the other day
I'm gonna get dizzy
any of these rocks for that flower what
are you doing
scared you we're just trading doing some
training in their bridges time baby
this race had it and um this turtle my
questions my teacher is insane me your
teacher is insane and in love no that's
Turtles and so you gonna get that you're
one of my special rocks challenger and
so you're trading some of your toys so
that you can get your teacher present
toys it's uh his teacher he said this
today oh well we don't want any of those
fake false calendars what are you trying
to add something to the trade so you're
trading some of your precious gems for a
turtle necklace for your teacher and
this weird with a bracelet give to her
dude is it you think your teachers and I
think it's weird that you're bringing
their like gifts on the third day of
school no floor oh right okay that's
cool on the 4th then yeah absolutely
because the fourth day of school that's
right like you loosen up a little bit
times her bringing gifts to your teacher
what do you guys think is it weird to
start bringing your teacher presence on
the 4th day of school because today he
did come home and say my teacher is
obsessed with turtles she collects
turtles I guess hey mommy tart come tell
me what you think about this son tard
just negotiated in his room gave away
some of his precious gems that we got
somewhere and he's got
but do you understand because we
actually got this from one of our
viewers oh really
do you can't give it to your teacher who
gave it
who you a point of you who gave the
turtle necklace to us stick your hand up
who is it you who is it is it you is it
you you over there you you you is you
who is it who is it what do you think
let me see it hold it I swearing and she
was like mom whose is this and I said
well it's kind of real sure somebody
gave it to who when did they give it to
us at VidCon um I I want to know that
one with San Francisco I feel bad that
we don't remember everywhere that we got
on cuz you guys have given us a lot of
nice sauce do you think that'll make
that girl feel bad if you give this to
your teacher maybe we should wait for
that person to comment and say it's okay
to give it to your teacher okay
maybe I won't get it maybe I'll get rid
of my best Jules can bring your little I
would you wear it who remembers the
neverending story the princess story
Bastian please please please please
Bastian
punch her in the butt get her guys
attacker fighter fighter but those are
like the little dinosaurs in Jurassic
Park those little tiny dinosaurs and
attacks is like there's nothing you can
do because they're all attacking you
guys scary that's just like hey guys
don't let up till she's crying you guys
are cute
hey that's a nice shirt you're wearing
mommy's hard you like it you can get
them you can get those links below you
you links below right here you won one
of those shirts you can do one links
just right down here hi stinky lion good
to one the stanky leg hey I want to see
everybody's best stanky leg thank you
like do your best thank you like centaur
that's it do you don't know how to do
the stanky leg
the stank you freaking leg good steak
you legging it up in here
look at these legs are so stinky yes the
stinkiest legs I've ever steak do the
stanky leg you do the stanky leg through
the sticky sticky sticky sticky stain
kill a stinky leg you gotta let your
knees really yeah loosen amuck comes in
the a me show you guys watch let's see
Dad thank you thank you you do the
stanky leg you do respect hey that's a
nice Jewish in there babe I think you
got a nice little twist to the stanky
leg there's another door excuse me I'm
trying to watch gumbo here done go it's
time to watch done dolly job jump
hell no what a joke trying to eat your
head stuck in the ceiling fan cake try
not to it's really hard not to it
happens every once in a while you see we
can't afford the spying to you like you
do the start time maybe tard what's in
this bag miss what's in this bag oh
what's this for
Oh someone must be turning five to get a
pink cupcake alright this is how we work
it here we have many hands make light
work 1,800 bags of groceries today what
don't tell her
all right guys everybody grab whoever
can grab the most bags wins my love who
wants me to love them the most huh think
about that if you want your dad to love
you you'll do more work around the house
see there's a direct correlation yeah
I'm just kidding you guys know I love
you no matter what as long as we do what
I tell you to and everything I'll be
happy with here at Graduate cupcake
thingamajigger
what's going on here via fax Billy Dee
on discovery we're counting down to the
most Jotham shark shot all-time in sport
deal will the filmmakers have to endure
to win that coveted title you guys
didn't see Shark Week on Discovery
Channel Philip DeFranco right there the
man the myth the legend not cool check
it out
well Phil Edie the guy who got me
started on this whole YouTube journey
not cool privacy a lot more of that to
come unbuttoned know when we're driving
no that was Sunday he wasn't he filmed
that before we saw this Sunday we drove
up Malibu it was like a Shark Week
trailer but Phil had already filmed this
because I saw his Twitter that was
before them cool that's awesome really
cool you guys didn't see it Philip
DeFranco on Discovery Channel it's
pretty sweet a little nonsense now and
then never hurt the wisest man going
with our daily Willy Wonka and the
Chocolate Factory quotes that is one of
my favorite quotes a little nonsense now
and then won't will never hurt the
wisest man and then another one that I
have it's from the movie lean on me I
knew I'd forget it as soon as I wanted
to say it is he Oh Morgan Freeman is the
principal and he says is not the enemy
of discipline uh enthusiasm is not the
enemy of discipline you can be a
disciplined hard-working individual but
just get a little crazy once in a while
you know I'm saying you know say yeah
you hear me dogs word up to your face is
cool check out yesterday's vlog it was
great if you haven't seen it lots of
smiles were spread because of it don't
you want to smile ask yourself that
simple sincere question self that's what
you should call yourself because that's
who you are should I smile today
then I should click on Shay's videos
that's what you should always remember
when you wake up in the mornings say to
yourself self do you want to smile today
there must be a shaycarl video out there
I can click on that it'll bring me that
smile alright check out what we're doing
one two and three years ago yesterday I
think was yesterday
speaking of Philip DeFranco which was in
Shark Week I think it was yesterday's
vlog from the three years ago
video me and Kassem G we're helping
Philip DeFranco move into his new
apartment and I couldn't believe that
that was three years ago it was crazy
seeing how small the kids were and man a
lot has happened since then so check out
all those fun-filled memories and then
on the right we have a brand new podcast
talking with Jason Horton on what it
takes to be a youtuber these days
check it out love you guys see you
tomorrow
