hi I'm logging here baby is enjoyed is
little cupboard I said he's a baby in
his cupboard talk about Indian and a
cupboard we got a baby in a cupboard
heck yeah I do there's a book and then a
movie and then the movie in a book baby
in the cupboard okay so this morning we
are headed down to go figure out what
the deal with mommy Tarts battery stupid
car I think what happened there's one of
two things either the battery acid got
up and corroded inside the battery
cables or when I went to jump it I
realized that I put the negative on the
negative and the positive on the
positive and I think it might have
shorted out something and then the
computer in the van needs to be
restarted so we're taking it down to
figure it out right now
let's go Nino's we're leaving come on
yeah Hostel go tell your brothers and
sisters your hermanos and hermanus oh
let's go come on ninos gesundheit
get your gesundheit face out here say
I'm ready dad let's go homies say homies
you be tripping son JJ nice shoes where
do you throw shoes all of yeah so I got
the coolest shoes on the block say dad
I'm cooler than any baby
yeah dad all right let's go
hey today's your last day of freedom
tomorrow you'll be a school kid ye be
excited I'm so excited
tomorrow school days
are you gonna wear that shirt every day
no is that your favorite shirt or did
you get it
mommy hard when she went to our
conference oh she had that at a
conference oh cool
remind you to be brave huh baby card
should I just call you kid in her garden
retard nice to call you a kindergartner
tard from now on cuz you're not a baby
anymore you think we should give you a
new name yeah yes what do you think we
should name her what Elsa alright let's
go what up Joe yeah you got a cool shoe
keep it on okay let's go Elsa you want a
new name oh wow okay here cos alpha Oh
Elsa okay baby tart is Elsa alright when
I hear the word L say remember the
Indiana Jones with that blonde girl that
fell in the cave no is that her name
Elsa by the snakes no that was the one
before that the one where he goes into
the temple no that's another temple
there's lots of temples and then it
should always it's the one where they
are in Germany no just talking about all
right let's go
all right baby tard was on the podcast
today she was a giant but had the whole
car s ii
mystical ah get me right in the Nardo's
just kicked me right in the nor those
that's it dude
Ross gonna come in here and yell at you
you don't mess around in the music
studio there's a very important buttons
over here okay where are you going tell
me where you're going right now baby
turds going to her school not if we're
better go hurry you got to go you got to
be there by to sort it Brett go throw it
Brett cool here tag Brett have a pillow
nice
bringing this to kindergarten you can
have wow you're gonna be looking done
without your pillow
oh cool kids don't throw it at Maria now
okay
go-getter bill oh boy that's what
everybody's like together
all right go baby tire come on you gotta
go you're gonna be late for your first
orientation okay bye have fun okay so we
just went to our first orientation for
kindergarten what did you think baby
tard
did you like your teacher did you think
she was pretty she was very pretty
what are you doing don't put it in that
I need that paper dude
I need it dude why I need it for what
for something I don't even know anyways
so quit picking your nose dude you can't
pick your nose in getting inverted okay
Brow's what did you think about your
classroom did you like it um yeah they
have my name god they had your name what
yeah they're a little bit distracted
right now I want you to focus focus look
at me tell us what you thought about
your classroom you are you excited about
school now or did it make you nervous or
what well I'm glad we got that out of
the way I'm excited tomorrow's the first
day of school and little nervous I'm not
gonna lie I feel like that mom is it
just wants to hold on to our kids
forever
no cold Oh grow up but it has to happen
it's just one of those things in life
that has to happen baby Tarts got to
grow up and got to go to school here we
go start of another year what do you
want to say if you want to show up and
show them that you can put your face on
the thing okay all right are you ready
to go to school yeah do you feel ready
are your fingernails ready I don't think
your fingernails are ready yeah I think
we need to clip them let's clip your
fingernails yeah what about your hair do
we need to wash your hair
Nick yeah I told her I said tonight
we're gonna take a nice bath and we get
your hair wash we're gonna clip your
fingernails and she goes why why cuz
we're going to school don't you want to
look nice on the first day of school
let's get you all cleaned up have your
hair nice and things we can curl in the
morning in what did I say you said then
why why at least we know she won't be a
diva or maybe she will uh hmm hi guys um
I get to be in school today
but tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow
oh yes tomorrow what do samba
yes tomorrow I can see you yeah tomorrow
all the first days cause the best in
school I pushed it did I
I don't know yep it's great it's great
and chanted patted Peter chicken huh
photos up top magic had a pata pata how
are you doing mom I don't know what
language you're speaking but I'm doing
good damn ish you are yeah where did you
learn Spanish on a come out from where
from Iike Mo's the Eskimos Iike Mo's
okay okay I'm and it gonna make Donald
that's a crush okay so that's baby
not quite sure what's going on but it's
making me laugh she's like a little
monster actually and all the other
students pretty much like did that
running and now she's like still sort of
the story of her life
it reminds me of myself oh good times
now they have to walk backwards on the
earth I called again about thank you you
have to walk backwards on the guns
right at the carcass that way somewhere
that looks fun
so I've noticed there's been an influx
of kids in this gymnasium right now and
I think it's combined we may be the
starting of school and new schedules
everybody wants to try something new or
and or the Olympics now everybody like I
hope you want to go be a gymnast and I
can win a gold medal I mean that's why
we're here right
I mean we're totes going to win a gold
medal someday right princess guard you
better be working hard down there get to
work
no now we need two gold medal right now
seriously you can't put it up fresh or
you can just be good that's what life is
all about being good at things
I just don't can you guys it's about
having fun but if you are happen to be
good at something then try extra hard
and if you love something and you're not
that good at it you can still try extra
hard and become better and possibly the
best yeah gold medals here they come
there's my little monkey girl she's
getting better
pretty soon they're gonna have her going
up the rope with no feet that's what all
the other gymnasts do the older ones
they use only their arms and their feet
after that stick out straight in front
of them
lots upper body are you excited for when
you're gonna be doing that okay really
rock hard hey that's hot I looked over
here he's got two pieces of toast in the
toaster and he's got an oven mitt on
ready to take them out and he's put he
put the things down and pushed all these
buttons look at you you're you're on
your way to being the net America's Next
Top Chef how do you feel about that
record I'll tell you what your mother
thinks I think that you should refrain
from using hot objects and get off the
stove right now huh are you gonna do
that seriously seriously you're just
gonna give me the silent treatment
that's my favorite giggle all right
you can only toss those if you're gonna
make me do something really awesome
okay okay okay mom say okay mom okay
okay do you guys have a favorite to
toast topping I love butter and apple
mint jelly I grew up on it I know it
sounds really weird most people I tell
that are like Apple mint jelly you but
it's really awesome if you guys haven't
tried you to try it it's green and it's
either mint jelly or Apple mint jelly
it's awesome try it okay they popped up
are you gonna get them out they're hot
how do you get them out no hi
hot-hot okay you gotta you gotta use
your little fingers hot out hot hot hot
there you go Oh hot careful hot tongue
here you go
good job baby boy okay now rocked hard
is putting the butter on the toast
let's see good okay you're getting
better at it dude do you need some help
drop mommy to help you oh okay probably
don't can't do culinary art to sickness
if you're in my way if you need help can
I help please no so hard for me to sit
back watch sure you know any help I'm
really helpful person okay okay I'm
happy it may take a few years to get
this butter on the bread but that's
alright he's having a good time that's
all the matter oh wait what i limber
comes with a side of rocked our dear
so we make your extensive the last days
before the comers tomorrow we're gonna
have three
okay you guys this is a secret super
endslate we're walking through maker
studios right now wait why is it secret
because they can't know that we're gonna
insulate there's snipers up in there
after day what are you doing oh okay it
sure mean uncle all right me and Brett
are walking through we're going to a
meeting right now with Sam back a roadie
whoa that's a macaroni right there
you're no match for my macaroni powers
for my macaroni power name that video
huh name that video you guys check out
yesterday's vlog and you guys if you
didn't know we're back on the podcast
we're doing it twice a week every Monday
yeah son tard did it and then we're back
on Monday so go check out the podcast
channel we're doing them every Monday we
do two every Monday you guys can ask us
Twitter questions we'll answer them for
you they upload Wednesdays and Fridays
when the kids go to sleep link below and
check out what we're doing one year ago
two years ago and three years ago in the
middle love you see you tomorrow bye
