Wow
hi shocking to view hugging me I was was
you were in the fridge and I was what is
AE lock stand what what's that
okay that's Church alarming something
Book of Mormon that's when we shall
receive these oh did we go to that is
that where we went to church we climbed
in there like we got became little
people like when Honey I Shrunk the kids
and we were tiny little people like
crawled in the pages of that book we did
it
your hair looks beautiful today hey
somebody is commenting in the comments
of the day is saying something like I
can't believe a four year old terrorist
curl or something like that was that
from a joke didn't I say one time that
that was against our religion what did I
say like to comment to curl your hair
was against our religion what did I say
I can't keep track of all this silly
things here for when he turn in five
Aparna comes Sean excited for your
birthday
when is it tell me days tell your
birthday six days to your five can you
believe it
are you nervous tell me about school are
you nervous - Oh jeepers are you nervous
go to kindergarten what what is what
what's one thing that you're the most
afraid of to go to kindergarten you
don't wanna do homework it's kind of
hard but listen here's the here's a tip
that mr. K my fifth grade teacher gave
me he said if you will do your homework
right when you get home it'll be better
because that way you don't have to worry
about it the rest of the night and then
you can kind of just you know sit down
hey did you see that
chucking some of my head
easy little man what are you pointing at
and all pandemonium breaks out Wow
trying to show us what you learned
earlier your stop dropping at all let's
see it stop drop and roll what what when
do you baby card when do you stop drop
and roll when you light on fire I told
you I was telling baby tard that
sometimes when you go to school there's
what's called hazing or initiation when
you're like the new kid the older kids
will like do things to you to initiate
you into the class and sometimes they
might light you on fire and just stop
drop and roll will always save you you
did you were lit on fire how old are you
look great first grade that's what they
let you on fire what did you do and you
were saying right good tip who lit on
fire by the way arsenic accusations
spaghetti face how you doing hon just
bust in half and throw it in that's
busted and people like the spaghetti to
stay you know break it up for the kids
anyway yeah they have little mouths so
we can't have long spaghetti noodles and
then of course you got your bread I
chucked this bread against the wall
trying to be funny you did huh so school
on Tuesday your very first day of
kindergarten and you're nervous about
home
right yes we thought you're not gonna
understand it yeah you'll get it yeah my
mom will help you say no well it's
because I was just holding some you
smell this better here you can't have a
piece yet not yes hey it started about
third grade yeah dude you know what
listen to this guess what tomorrow night
is school night tomorrow tomorrow is
your last day of summer and really
today's your last day of summer because
tomorrow night's a school night
can you set my alarm yeah I should go
let's set it I have a kid you start in
school on Tuesday tomorrow's Monday and
it's their last day of summer and Sun
tart has this alarm that like projects
the time on to the ceiling it's like a
little space alarm did you where did you
gotta go plug it in dude oh no it's on
it's not 1222 though anyways it shoots
the time on the Stallions so that he's
he's laying here in his wagon bed when
he circles up the wagons at night when
they're done on the trail Oh God
is this your spray for third grade dude
gonna spray this on hey I want your bod
that stinks I don't like that fresh blue
Musk anyways once you Circle up the
wagons for the night you can lay there
and look at the Stars and his alarm
clock projects onto his doing school
night tomorrow
what's rock face doing did he destroy
your rock art do it dance for us he
danced
yeah knock it off alright let's go see
what princess charts doing Oh as my
finger on the thingy I think I've done
this before princess tard what are you
doing hey we're going around and we're
talking about what we're most nervous
for for our first day of school and you
have your first day of second-grade
starting on Tuesday what are you gonna
support are you nervous for anything you
just excited what are you most excited
about then you're going to new school
this year for what her teacher what do
you mean her teacher she has a new
teacher because you have a new teacher
every year she was sad to leave her old
teacher
anyways all right what takes Sunday I
was looking at some tweets that you guys
sent me from the closing ceremonies of
the Olympics in London England congrats
to you guys you did a great job the
Olympics were amazing I watched way too
many hours of footage I was glued to the
TV too late at night many times because
the primetime footage went till midnight
and so I was watching it you know until
midnight most nights but some of you
were saying that some of the Olympic
athletes were vlogging themselves
because I was saying when we were in San
Francisco running the half marathon
during the opening ceremonies that I saw
a lot of the athletes were like filming
you know their surroundings and all that
but I was like well I filmed that like
we have that on HD cameras everybody in
the world watching that what I wanted to
see is footage of the athletes turning
the camera on themselves and talking and
sharing how they felt about being in the
Olympics about saying hey guys this is
Michael Phelps at my last Olympics like
wouldn't the
great to have you know Michael Phelps
vlogging himself or you know any athlete
that you watched during the games you
know giving how they felt and their
emotions during the opening ceremonies
of the Olympics the 2012 London Games
and some of you said on Twitter that you
saw some of the athletes turning the
camera on themselves and vlogging
themselves like that's the footage I
want to see I want to I want to
understand and see what it feels like to
be down on that track and to be there at
the closing ceremony of the Olympics I
mean this only happens once every four
years this is a huge thing that
everybody in the world watches and I
think it's a pretty cool opportunity to
like share how you feel and be down
there under this world stage so some of
you tweeted me that some of the athletes
were turning the camera on themselves
and vlogging themselves down there so
hopefully some of those people upload it
to YouTube and if you see any that why
did you tweet it to me alright someone
takes Sunday we're just making spaghetti
and there's the Sun it's a beautiful day
we got back from church and now we're
having buttered bread kind of salad
Caesar salad yes I can't lie this is
probably one of my favorite Sunday
dinners is spaghetti with garlic bread
and Caesar salad mm-hmm hey last
question what are we gonna get maybe
tard for her fifth birthday
please believe our baby tarts all grown
up she was she was younger than rockhard
when we started this whole YouTube thing
what you want to what you want a mermaid
tail we're close to the ocean I guess we
go get one what happened here lip dawg
you cut it oh we're gonna get you a new
bottom lip you got to quit chew and I
told you a tobacco is not good for you
young lady Copenhagen
all right so from being lit on fire to
chewing tobacco to first day of
kindergarten to vlogging yourself on the
world stage of the Olympics this is ten
minutes holy crab time flies when I'm
talking a lot all right love you
and guess what we'll see you tomorrow we
have any footage for tomorrow we will a
little bit okay I'm gonna stop this -
boo boo boo boo boo
