all right Gavin's going to attempt the
316 here we go
hi I'm logging here
all right you guys happy Independence
Day wait my trucks and Road on I love
this I was worried that I didn't have it
cleaned for today and I was like oh no
but I have it I've been waiting to wear
it I'm excited we are getting ready to
go to Lake to play in the water we have
a cooler with sandwiches for all of our
family I got watermelon I made some
quinoa because that's always like fresh
clean you're making that salsa it's
gonna be fun so we're just getting
everything in the cart and we're gonna
head out
ah-hey USA baby look at you I love you
please I would give you a kiss but you
need a booger right first
hey everybody happy fourth of July
it's your Independence Day if you're an
American if you're not well you can be
an American today because you're hanging
out with us on the lake with the boat
hand me that wakeboard Sun I'm vlogging
here put that green board in my hand you
guys ready to have the best 4th of July
ever I don't know four be the best
effort is we've had some pretty good
previous years a view excited your name
is Emmy I got some of my kids I call my
different names sometimes I know and
their hair is starting to look alike
like in my peripheral vision I can't
tell who is who anymore
Amy that's not even one of our kids hey
Doc and Braxton careful Braxton don't be
falling off the boat all right
he's ready for this doc and Braxton oh
my goodness the last time you did it he
goes that was awesome trying to create a
wind barrier so that guys can hear the
winds really bad today you are flying
you're so cute
well this is a setup we got going on we
had to take the awning down because the
wind was so so bad we couldn't even use
the boats out there today because the
wind and the waves have been too bad to
use the water ski boats but we're having
a blast we're getting a nice suntan and
eat lots of treats how do we decked it
and the kids are all playing out there
building sandcastles and drapes on the
fourth of July for the delightful small
plan
Amen on looking at a video every night
the waves are so choppy out here that we
almost sunk the boat not even joking
Jackson unloaded it from the trailer
took it out there little ways and then
waves were coming crashing over the boat
and filling it up with water so we had
to take it out of the water and put it
back on the trailer so we're gonna go
ride the jet skis instead I didn't get
any boat footage way too choppy out
there we almost sunk it it was scary
check out my watermelon shirt Carly gave
me for my birthday
she's so awesome alright Shay and Gavin
are out there it's just tea time alright
we roll in okay we're about to go on the
jet ski it's a really windy crazy day
here we go in baby alright dad you ready
for this
the movie
all right Gavin's going to attempt the
360 we go
yeah we and now we crash get the judge
honey I get the just eat it slow do it
happy fourth of July
let's do it again
you
we flipped we had a rollover I was a
dead
we often hear toenails just cut me
I mean the winds really bad free much
fun are you changing a diaper right now
is it a love sty / of course this is
like it discussed anything that you're
doing but it's a gorgeous view right
here Daxton hey Daxton look at me guess
what you're gonna need to be potty
trained no more changing diapers okay
hey you guys check this out it's like
school so when you're done with your
boat a lot of times you have to drain it
cuz it gets water inside of it look at
this it's been dripping look at this
it's like erosion that cool yeah the
sand it's like been dripping it has made
this indention that's a silly thing to
think of it looks cool
keep filling it in I'm gonna wash my
hands that's like where our Tex
it's the swamp of sadness vortex no she
began spite the swamp of sadness or this
is like The Count of Monte Cristo
remember and he was learning how to sort
by and he had to put his it hand through
the water
when he was with the doctor in the jail
did you did you anybody no no okay no
are you maybe gotta remember all right
let's go get cheeseburgers now excuse me
what are you doing you have thirsty I
again I hate when you get thirsty I do
just your eye your eyes need to stay
hydrated
be sure to have eight eight ounces
glasses of water a day why are you doing
that your eyes dry like inside my eye
feels dry you did that when you were a
little girl it feels better do it again
that's a lose I don't get why ass whores
I thought everyone different does
everybody have thirsty I give yourself
to drink water
goodbye Bear Lake man the clouds were
pretty epic today when an epic cloud day
indeed he calls me
the Caribbean of the Rockies Heather's
Blue Ox happy fourth of July
do you like it my new hat it's cuz it's
4th of July
daddy's wearing the red white and blue
do you like it yeah call the bandana I
just need a fanny pack in any way all
right so now it's time to get raspberry
shakes and cheeseburgers they have some
of the what do they got here dad I don't
know but they have a beard a bandana
they have a bear cave monster and they
got co-sleeping nickel I'm a roundhouse
kick you're a bass kick your face off my
bandana
they got the delicious shakes here is
that what they call them there's like so
thick mom tell us about the shakes here
what they're so good grasp a fresh
raspberry kids are the raspberries fresh
well we're about to eat cheeseburgers
and raspberry shakes so what'd you do on
America day fund accident kind of kiss
Mon shake have you been a good girl
today hmm
prove it what do you want I'm gonna
shave uh-huh so good a lot more okay
ready Rach let me show you a trick okay
this trick is called the American poised
ready wave on through the red and white
and whoo
there's never wasted procedure geez you
guys think there's a weight limit I
think there might be a weight limit on
that thing right well I don't know what
if that was your hammock and a bunch of
bratty kids came and laid in it and
broke it how would you feel yeah yeah
that's a good point he made good
points
get off you guys that's too many people
get off there show some respect
I'm have to take this part out of the
vlog because people are gonna think
you're bratty now hey want a beer get
there get him oh look at that shake
Casey let me see bump around look this
isn't this is my hero
Rex Fonda okay hold on yeah round help
bezel clear that bandana
all right let's get in this here oh
hello mr. bear
whoops upside down what is this mom
raspberries what is shitty the graspers
up room
five six seven eight Dadu here we go
dad in the background he didn't get
invited to be on the front line of the
shirt team so he just stands in the back
dad what are you doing back there
just loitering
hey USA baby I love you happy fourth of
July
tough cheer coach over there
tough cheer coach wow she is a home you
will grow that mustache out cage ho
cheese eyelash she was dropping gage
ouch grandma you're next Colette you
should go do you should go and get in a
chair okay do it that Carly and Gavin
can hold you Carly put Colette in a
stunt
Gavin help Carly go help lift your mom
yeah
Kaylee we need have mom's view
cheerleading stunts here
been a while here we go
Colette Carly that's my watermelon those
are my melons
hey we're trying another all alright we
had a delicious time here at the bear
cave dine in that cheeseburgers tater
tots french fries milkshakes all kinds
of delicious American grub you know I'm
saying
okey doke hey is this the Logie bear
cave huh it's the low-key bear cave idea
okay freakin bee nest game look at that
ooh no Desa that's where they get the
honey actually for the honey milkshakes
they come out yeah that's a bird nests
Logan oh that is not I didn't work on my
mat G oh yeah you do get on some net geo
bro oh we're driving home on the fourth
of July
and only we're gonna make it home in
time for the fireworks but look we're on
the interstate there was a kid tell us
you know all the kids are asleep we need
to have some candy on your favorite lady
uh zoom in on them firework flare over
the mountain that's wow that's close
whoa
oh that beautiful czar right on top of
us we're going underneath the boat yeah
hero you're the percussion of that sound
pretty bombs over us imagine how the
America day guys
