you're a regular
but you try to be
and the share
heard that bad way less than it did
before last time it was so dirty that
did you know what at the bubbling up
that's killing germs here do a little
bit more don't be a wussy face killing
the germs killing germs
don't you want the germs to be dead yes
we do David but an open wound on your
leg dude we're dirty like that end like
you're Katniss and you're in the woods
and you have a bow and arrow and you
have to shoot at birds and survive and
you've just got all right you ready dude
yeah me inside are going for a bike ride
peace out to you ladies what's for
dinner by the way yes by the way oh yeah
we met you off anybody all right let's
go mean you down the boardwalk let's go
we have a mission
helmet bike smiles we got them all let
me see you smile need to have a crazy
smile
alright you know what time it is
Gautama Diaz everybody would time do the
rings down here on Santa Monica I
haven't done these for a long time in
the hardest part about these rings well
one you have to like work up your
strength or your calluses it's the
biggest thing is it hurts your hands and
really like something most gloves like
those protector things kills your hands
and I had been doing it like twice a
week before we went Idaho so my calluses
were built up so I could do it like
three or four times and my hands would
be fine but Mike came down here the
other day we're doing it with the kids
my hands were killing me so I got to
build them back up like little by little
you gotta like build those calluses back
up because I'm like soft
I got soft weak girly hands from being
in Idaho so I got to build up my ring
calluses again you ready for this dude
I'm gonna film me
sweet okay I know what you're thinking
you love my hair too and you want to
know how to do it just like me I know
this is what I've been dressed like all
day and it is 4:42 don't die just some
days are just like this but guess what I
may have not done anything with myself
but the house is clean and we're finally
putting together these shelves that
we've been meaning to it well I've been
meaning to put together for quite some
time now
oh you too look we've got this little
shop that is going I originally planned
it to be in one of the closets for shoes
but I think we might have enough of
those now so I don't know where I'll put
it and we might just have too many
shelves who know this one is going to go
in sendoutcards room for a shoe closet
in her shoe a shoe shelf in his closet
oh and then this one is going to be in
mine inches closet so we have three
shelves to put together and then we will
be able to organize I am a very like
when I clean I like to like organize
every little thing when she cleans he
likes to get things out of the way and
make the room look clean but me I'm like
take out the shelves pull everything out
of the closet and organize it like make
it color-coded and make sure the heels
are next to you know her heels or
separate from the flats anyways I'm very
organizational and it's sometimes it's
not working well you kind of gotta get
the hammer a little bit more of an OOP
you got a swing high swing oh let's not
get crazy let's actually wait until we
put the next part on and then we can
just pound it all down and it will be
awesome okay thank you my little helper
friend you are being such a great helper
you like your flying
flies on dark fly go get ready hey
what's up hey what's going on talk to me
talk to me ready you're going high so
you're gonna jump in the ocean okay okay
I want you to jump in the ocean can you
do it that is dangerous okay now let's
see you fly go for it
sometimes gonna jump to get some air bro
nice all right you better be careful
dude I don't know tell someone to call
my that might be a pain in the butt
okay baby tard you want to help with the
hammer let me show you first well I'll
just tell you because you saw me you saw
me put these ins in a little bit right
and you want the hammer the top of the
hammer comes straight down on top of
that now that's pretty good except for
you're not getting it it helps if you
get up here a little bit and hold down
on the hammer a little bit more let me
do it let me do it you hold down on the
hammer a little bit more and then you
just kind of like let it hit let the
hammer swing down does that make any
sense
good job okay now you do this one too
and then let princess rather you do the
other two we'll have to ask her huh
good you're almost getting it never let
it swing up high no I do high we don't
want to put a hole in it just high
enough and you're careful not to let
this end come back and hit you in the
forehead cuz that would hurt no no no no
no no no no no there you go nice work
high fives high fives first build and
stuff yeah that's all right
it worked good job okay princes hard do
you know how to do it you're doing
pretty good good job yeah I've got this
down oh good good you that's good let's
not beat that what watch out not too
hard
good job girls high five yeah yeah hey
Rach tired you want to put your hat out
so somebody will put money out rock hard
spit over the edge you'll see you spit
on the edge spit over the edge spit over
the edge just let him jump he can swim
hey what happened what do you catch what
do you catch fish go kiss him I dare you
to go give one of those fishes a kiss
take a picture of that dude sit ahead is
it a shark asking what it is something
on yes can we go see that shark the
starfish h-hey this is an be my friend
say hi Andy hi a special thing about
Andy he picked up Malachi for me in
Colorado Andy's from Colorado and I got
malachite from a reader in in Colorado
and Andy picked them up for me so any
new Malachi before any of us really cool
man
no heat it or just put it on your mount
oh let me buy this stuff pick it up fire
hi don't let him bite your leg or your
white you pervert don't wanna eat your
junk bro I got the Sun setting right
there
bye son see you tomorrow bright and
early when you come around
again come around again coming around
the world yeah yeah that's my song okay
me and Annie are highschool buddies we
grew up together so he's here on
business and we listen and we're gonna
go out to dinner together don't let up
what's up you totally got it come on is
that go ahead just stay away from the
front of him stay away from his mouth
with love it makes the world taste
it may be Wednesday but it's okay we're
celebrating Andy's in town every night
please must still be delicious
I think we're gonna come back here
hey you guys we're back in the end slate
again don't you love it here we always
have a great time don't we sometimes say
you love it I love it
say it Mike you love it more I love it I
can tell you definitely have an
affection for the end slate son tire
that was son card has been able to do
with Onan slate so you have to go check
those out but if you would like to check
out our podcast when we talk about
adoption hear that kids
we're putting you up for adoption every
single one of you not that into adoption
yeah what are you what kind of adoption
are you talking about oh maybe we could
adopt you mean getting more kids well no
I thought abduction was just getting rid
of kids
we'll just adopt some of our viewers how
about that you guys want to sign up you
better be potty trained if you would
like to sign up you could go click on
the one two and three years ago to see
what we were doing then yes if you watch
every one of our vlogs ten times you
immediately become our adopted show and
then you have to pass the test and three
quizzes about it as well they have to
mold a long tubes you have to roll onto
but some tired that means that you won't
have to move one anymore more kids all
right you guys click on all those
fun-filled videos and we'll see you guys
next time which is tomorrow
