you are not watching the sheiks house
block so sit back relax and follow along
to the big shame says things he does for
the school family it chefs becomes his
much kinder than ever before he's done
it for three now that's hopeful fall I'm
maybe forbidding you to let me be clear
here
all right we're on an expedition
we're mountain climbing the treacherous
mountains of the Pacific let's go
can you make it over you did it where we
asked Sun tarde check this out come on
here grab daddy's hand
can you play them up use your I'm
helping y'all help you hold on
good job come on ready climb up you
should lose your legs lose your leg step
up there you go bud nice can you jump
over jump whoa you're crazy man you made
it to the other side good job Ducati
kids sense dude you know the Karate Kid
stance
hey mr. Miyagi would be so proud
now paint the fence paint the fence wax
the car fade the house paint the house
stand the floor sander floor Rock charts
and get in trouble from the lifeguard
he's amazed inside the cone area hey
rock face
come over here gonna get kicked off the
beach you want to get a permanent what
okay sounds good buddy hey what are you
find it under their rock face
keep singing
so we are down here at the beach
checking out the rocks we have a little
mermaid we have Karate Kid
pretty soon the Goonies pirate ships
gonna be floating on by what you find
the dude so you need up and stuck here
my hand
stand up
rock tired both snap come here rock card
was jumping off he jump off that rock
maybe tard landing that pile of sand
right there okay mr. man is gonna do it
nice job dude all right let's see it
he's going for the cliff diving into the
sand man that dude is insane
all right sunder do a trick The Karate
Kid jump holy cow
nice
here
it started in the first
sorry it's also kind of weird it's just
you are so full for Laura
okay ready
whoa
all right Rock turd says it's my turn
hey rock heart and see my turn dad okay
let's see it dude whoa doc gooden quite
fulfill the front flip you got hung up
there in the pile of sand I was
hilarious
with the Jade's I can show my murdered
yacuma you come on charge of the day but
it's jicama
and we just talked about the banana
bread oh it's delicious
Ivan I did flash your drive
we see them way too late playing with
that I move my photo things that make to
raise money should I'll try that I'll
definitely promote that because it's
holy area but we have a letter yet but
she is irritating me
people work really really hard and also
long hours especially in the design
areas because they know that you know
they have 40 kitchen ideas to get out
for Macy's and they work really hard
with the designer to them
and they only really want to come sprint
is tired for the sand jump nice rocks
hard to rolling down sometimes even get
farther than princess card comes baby
tardy insane baby running you quit go
baby go Sun tart
alright here he comes here he comes for
the big jump big jump nice dude how's a
full four and a half feet okay I'm gonna
try to jump over Sun tard ready stay
right there
ready
right here they're ready clear you
Center hard nice jump dude that's like a
professional
thumbs up all right should we head back
guys are we beached out yet not Beach
Talia it's so beautiful down here the
other day I was on the phone with the
Collette she's like how's the weather
there now it's like it's perfect I guess
because you know it's perfect and you
don't even think about the weather and
you're not like oh it's colder oh it's
hot you're just outside and it's like oh
I didn't even realize that the weather
was the weather because it's so nice
can't even think about it jump in the
ocean dude it's right there so jump in
Rob Tower just did two somersaults down
that rock tower let's see your
somersaults down there no doubt I'm
building up my pile of sand to land on
I want a soft landing but I got some
deep powder bro
okay you guys we're laying down go we're
laying down right here on the sand and
Sun card is gonna try to jump over me
here we go jump over me come on top of
me oh nice cleared me bro foot high five
foot five how's the butt crack five foot
five yeah
but I have to show you watch the
Shaytards first just watching your
alright this is what I do every day so I
really is good but I just want to say
you guys are so inspiring to me and I
think that's so amazing and
inspirational to me that you are using
your positions and your power and
influence to make to send such a great
message because I have four kids and
they're getting into school and I have
scared I get terrified of what they're
dealing with and the budget cuts and
awesome teachers not getting paid that
much I mean I just I'm amazed and I'm
inspired at their teachers and I love
them to death and I always wish that I
could do more for them and my question
is I'm always trying to light a fire to
my kids like you said Maddie just light
that fire and that's what you guys are
doing with this movie and I want to ask
you is there any moments or just you
know exceptional times in your life that
lit that fire for you because it's
obviously very you guys are so
passionate and it shows through your
performance and I'm so amazed so and my
question is is there a moment in time or
like some event in your life and I know
you mentioned one that lit that fire for
you guys I secretly get asked you know
teacher who was instrumental and it's a
difficult question for me to answer
because there were so many teachers that
I've had who have been so inspiring in
different ways but one of them that I
remember vividly with my fourth grade
teacher mrs. horse Meyer who was just
that she was just a fantastic force of
nature and we spent the whole year
studying Africa or you know running
around asking for the ostriches and
peanuts series of books and over the
title but there Alfred Hitchcock
Presents and I love these books and she
said you should go out and you should
you should write him a letter mr.
Hitchcock and lo and behold that two
weeks later I got a letter back from his
secretary was it all mr. Hitchcock is a
bit you know she was sick it takes to
respond directly but it wasn't really
appreciate your comments I was so amazed
by this that this letter had got a
response and what I really have to you
know pay tribute to miss of course my
never doing it not turning me on to
filmmaking but turn me on to letter
writing I feel like it's funny I think
thousand government officials I remember
so vividly being really inspired by that
check this bird out it's rare to see one
of these birds up here on the beach as a
giant Pelican note only way no it's huge
cuz I think he was looking to eat rocked
her he's gonna scoop him up in his goal
and take them away let's go man come on
quit fighting with the ocean you fight
with that ocean all right this is
filling earlier today I saw a tweet that
said today is my birthday I'm gonna go
down to Venice Beach and try to find
shaycarl and usually I see those like
they'll never find us cuz we're not were
rarely down here really but she found us
yes
away from Santa Monica Pier to Venice
Beach just the city the same time and
once today which means he's 20 years old
plus today's national watermelon day to
know that so happy birthday I was good
to see we got a picture together and I
told her she could be in the blog it's
good to meet you how cool was that guys
got to meet Phyllis on her birthday
wasn't that cool he and she even said on
the tweet that dad cried today is my
birthday and I'm going to find the she
did she did she found this did she she
said she drove the shaky camera where
she said she drove from Bamako
well she skated down from Santa Monica
that's just where she parked her car but
she came from like inland really far she
also said that about a year ago she was
diagnosed with depression clinical
depression and that she started watching
our videos and heard the same happiness
as a choice and said it literally
changed and saved her life and that
means so much to me to hear that that
really happens that there are those of
you who really take that to heart and
really believe that you can you can
simply choose to alter this frame of
mind that you have and to choose that
happiness to choose uplifting things and
to it's not always easy I mean mind you
I mean a lot of you get mad at me
sometimes because you're like well it's
easier said than done
yeah it's not easy trust me it's not
easy to be happy it's hard every day we
have things that happen to us that can
bring us down and make us depressed but
if you fight and you focus on it you can
choose adness anyway is cool to me her
and Sun Tarr gave her one of his
seashells one of my coolest ones he was
like you know like goes the one have you
seen but bigger this it was bigger like
it was all black and it had like these
orange cones
like edges on it huh and you gave that
to her hey dude put your how do you get
out of that Hey Graco baby seats can you
make a seat that my son can't open
himself I'm too tough and smart for Grey
Cup baby seat he keeps getting out of
them we need to get you some duct tape
or bungee straps or I don't know
we need to weld some steel bars across
your chest so you can't get out of that
thing
Prince are we buckling him back up he
always he'll roll down his window and
he'll undo a seat so we can hang his
head out the window
one of these days and go flying out the
window cuz he's a crazy man huh
crazy man we got a bunch of cool sea
shells that we're gonna go home and let
stack up look like that's what are you
gonna do with all those seashells that's
one of your requirements for Scouts
categorize it if you can put them out
and then we could Google search some
online and see like what kind of
seashells they are I don't know if
that's a thing would you get baby tired
that's a cool one dude sometimes just
like mr. wealthy pants with the
seashells giving them all out what is
that oh wow that's like a ring put it on
your pinky like it's a ring dude to be
like a sea princess the sea princess and
her majestic sea ring you have all the
powers of the ocean King Triton of no
match for you does she shell where's the
g-shot dude that is a cool ring you got
man you could sell seashell jewelry yeah
yeah yeah yeah isn't that neat that's
awesome
so pretty you should get a get a watch
for that oh is this stuck well beauty
hurts my friend I'm sorry
beauty hurts
so that was a crazy amazing day we met
Kate Gosselin and then we didn't meet
but we got to see Martha Stewart Maggie
Gyllenhaal bye
whoops viola viola davis yes cray-z and
if you guys want to know that movie is
called don't back down and it comes out
September 28 it was so good it was one
of the most amazing movies I've seen in
a really long time it was inspirational
it made me cry multiple times in a good
way that could cry because I love movies
that make me feel inspired and then end
on a happy note and that was definitely
this movie it was so good and it had an
inspirational like current meaning I
don't know how to find my thing but I'm
not gonna tell you any more about the
movie you want to if you want to know
more you're gonna have to go search that
yourself it was cool because I got to
ask a question but I was nervous the
whole time like I got up in line and I
was like wait what's my question I need
to figure out a question bascomb and
then I asked him and it felt really
awkward because I was like can i film
this in front of everyone and never was
just like oh sure and then it was kind
of awkward because go through the
 camera out and then when I
flipped it on him they all looked at me
so sweetly like while I was asking the
question that as soon as I flipped the
camera around it was like oh that's kind
of awkward and then they cut me off
before the director answered the
question which is awesome but then they
cut me out before anybody else could
answer the question anyways that was a
crazy awesome experience I feel really
blessed to be here at vlogger and met so
many amazing people and
I have experiences that I never thought
I'd be able to do like meeting Kate
Gosselin and you know what seemed to
Martha Stewart another thing they want
to let you guys know is Martha at the
end of her speech told everybody she's
like we're always looking for the next
great thing so I want everybody to tweet
me and hashtag it check out my blog
Martha
that's the hashtag and so we've been
trying to tweet the moms do with the
hashtag check out my love baby I'll
check out my blog Martha so that she
will see it and maybe she'll see the mom
sue and maybe someday we could have
Martha Stewart leave Martha Stewart on
the moms do wishful thinking but I think
it would be amazing so if you guys want
to help us out with that go to Twitter
and tweet tweet Martha Stewart I'm crazy
I'm not sucking you were that I brought
it anyways
I miss my family so much I love you guys
the vlogs are killing me every time I
watch them I'm like oh you guys are so
cute oh look
anyways I told Shan like I see why
people watch our videos because I love
you guys anyways I'll see you guys
tomorrow a lot more great things are
happening and I'll take you through all
of them bye hi this is princess chard
I hope you all miss mom please watch the
yesterday's video and watch the
wrestling video thanks um make sure to
check out the one and two and three
years ago have fun everybody bye
