like real flowers you got it on your
nose smell pretty good good morning babe
what are you doing did you have a good
breakfast pancakes no we have bacon
waffles french toast potatoes fruit
water you guys you guys what if this was
your job right here this guy is cool do
it bro
me that I got this um spider-man I was
just yelling at these dudes because I
saw them that on the roof and I was
opening my window so I just started
hollering over there hey cuz we're like
about the same height we're both on the
11th floor and he looked over at me and
I was like I'm naked and they were
laughing and waving at me and PS how
great is the zoom on this camera I don't
have a shirt on okay
he's about to rappel let's watch out
he's scoping out the situation
hey that zoom
is he gonna clean the windows then that
guy is not afraid of heights
yeah they were about to clean all those
windows all the way down there dude new
old city blow it so short to sit around
hi good morning
it's another day are we doing did you
have a good birthday yes this is my
chill day
what's your chill day let's go get it
working out yeah hi guys wait where's my
face I want to see my face in the
exercise room on your toes to be on
Broadway
I've run in the camera you're pushing
the hello mr. B Oh what's floors Jim how
did you get it
I like real flowers you got it on your
nose are smell pretty good good ear what
is that the pollen su let me middle of
it but it's so much Paul and I'm holy
crap
what kind of smells good take that that
is a real flower holy crap that is so
cool all right this green couch
nice that's a good move over done
what is yes what is get up get up get up
here I've got you yeah get it it's a
head like a weighted 1/2 I think it
makes it like harder those abs engage
that core yeah press the power I do babe
I'm gonna watch you know what you do -
you look so cute - okay I put it up
can I help
okay done with workout now it's time to
eat I Love New Orleans
available on every single corner good
delicious can I have some yes let's move
to New York - we got burritos wraps
brews all kinds of okay update update I
have my Hamilton shirt on now just kind
of been hanging out in the room getting
ready to fly home I've been watching
these guys all day long they've just
been rigging these things to clean the
windows and it's crazy watching them man
this guy's been climbing all over the
building with ladders hooks rigging this
thing up I think this would be a fun job
actually climbing on buildings all day
having this guy yes spider-man real life
spider-man right there okay okay dude
how cool well he's climbing buildings in
New York that's cool
nice job spider-man you know he was
really creative who addresses fam how
cool would that be kids in their hotel
rooms look over that dudes climbing up a
building and a spider-man outfit mom
look spider-man
anyways I'm just spying on these guys
doing their job outside our hotel room
he's gonna rappel
pullin up the ladder it's been so
fascinating watching these guys because
yesterday right before we're going out
to dinner we were noticing them cleaning
the windows and I remember thinking wow
that seems like a rickety apparatus to
trust with your life to hang off the
side of a building using these big
grappling hooks to like hold on to the
side of the bricks and I just thought
man that looks sketchy but now after
I've watched them set it all up and hook
it up they're the ones that have to
entrust themselves to set it up because
they're the ones in watching the windows
all day so I appreciate the process of
what it took to set that whole thing up
but now I know that they probably trust
it a lot more because they're the ones
that set it up so it's not easy cleaning
the windows of New York City I'm telling
you big guy oh we got a third character
there's a third character to our story
who's this guy this guy just showed up
let's say his name is Joe Hey Joe they
bout got it all rigged up they've been
doing a good job yeah all right well I'm
gonna get my hat on I'll get to work too
my head down there well he's got to get
the duct tape he threw it down the next
level oh I know he's always thrown that
duct tape here's that $5.00 I owe ya I
told you I told you LeBron would win no
maybe they're ordering lunch all right
give me the cheeseburger he ordered
lunch all right anyways back to this guy
this guy never stops working you give me
something no sorry
get your duct tape all right am I
wasting a bunch of time over here I'm
I'm narrating the window cleaning crew
you guys big news big news big news
we're at he has got the duct tape oh
don't you hate it when you can't get the
edge to where is that edge he's got it
he's got it
all right we're duct taping people we
know how to do this we've done this
before
he's duct taping this dude to the roof
no this is just ensuring that the Rope
stays I don't know why he's doing it
I couldn't figure this out guys why does
he duct tape the ends so they don't
slide I'm not sure but this roll of duct
tape is very and then it's like one of
the most important tools in the toolbox
it's this it's got a giant joint
oh no that's gonna rip oh I know what
he's doing it so it doesn't fray the
ropes
this is carpet he's duct taping this
carpet around the Rope so it doesn't
fray on the edges and then he places it
right where the Rope is gonna rest on
the ledge and that rope is probably
super-strong heavy-duty rope but this
definitely just ensures see look all
that carpet wrapped around those ropes
that will keep the rope safe yeah that's
definitely an important job he's doing
well he did a good job that looks good
okay we'll get back to you guys soon
after he gets all this rope wrapped up
I'm sure they're gonna be cleaning
windows soon and now we don't and now we
have delicious foods look at this thing
well this is cool
that's a giant not I don't you hate when
that happens you get your extension
cords out and you want to like do some
yard work and it's like oh my now we're
gonna get through all that you know I'm
saying here we are we are on a rickshaw
in Central Park so pretty out right now
here
I don't like this job
there's a lot of movies here
I think we're walking up on a concert
yeah
dream on dream on dream come true
right here another hotel another
airplane another elevator another can
you believe it
all right happy birthday weekend in New
York City look at us as we look at
ourselves in the mirror we go on forever
and ever and ever and ever and ever
happy birthday okay home to the kids
oh yes dude
what an experience highly recommend to
see the show amazing
all right Alexander Hamilton
Alexander Hamilton - touch it touch it
Alexander
on another airplane once again
I'll tell you now human
so how cool is that our buddies the
Atwoods Roman Atwood and his wife
Brittany there's their son Noah and Cain
they were on Animal Planet on the show
tanked and we're flying home from New
York City watching TV and all sudden
they pop up anyways that was pretty cool
thanks for watching the Shay and Colette
in New York City birthday extravaganza
we're home the kids are with us and we
are gonna have some fun fourth of July
action while we're having it right now
because you're probably watching this
vlog on the 4th of July I edited it last
night so we can have fun all day Bodeen
we're gonna go waterskiing so there's
gonna be a great vlog tomorrow hope you
guys are having a great summer happy
Independence Day give those thumbs up I
shoot up like a firework that was
horrible I'm sorry I'm a dork okay I
love you guys thanks for watching thanks
for leaving nice comments for being a
part of our lives as always we love you
and we'll see you tomorrow
