hi son tired you were a great big
brother to your sibling so you do an
awesome job of watching out for them you
are so mature for your age and you are
growing into an amazing I love how
creative you are and I can't wait to see
more of your comments and future
projects princess chard I think it is so
cool how you cut your hair for cancer
you are a brave girl I'm sure whoever
received your hair is very happy and
grateful you are always so smiling and
energetic and a great little actress you
are also a great big sister to your
siblings baby tired you are so precious
it is so great to see you talk more and
more and to see your personality come
out you also have a beautiful singing
voice keep being a sweetie pie rocked
hard you are tight yet we're talking to
you you got a mom person gum feed get
over here it's amazing to see how you've
grown since day one of your life your
silliness craziness and one Shuna is so
entertaining to watch oh inside note
Shay is the McGillicutty from I Love
Lucy we are reading your letters right
now it's from Alana rock dark come here
get over here get over here hey these
ones made me cry this is from Emily tart
you guys see these she says dear
princess heart and baby turn my Barbies
have been packed or my Barbies have
packed their bags in hopes of joining
the doors and they're pink mansion I
hope there is room for them don't grow
up too fast and remember you'll always
be princesses this princess has moved on
to bigger and grander crowns wear this
one with pride your fellow princess
Emily card see that these were her
Barbies that she played was when she was
little and now that she's big just like
on Toy Story that we were just watching
now that she's big she's handing them
off
you need to take really good care of
them okay girl or we'll beat UK and then
this one is the same she says a rock
chart I heard you like monkeys take care
of mine for me and this is being played
with and I wouldn't mind being hugged it
wouldn't mind being hugged a little
extra Rock Chalk cover this monkey oh
look at this monkey you're not gonna
fool me with that excited avoid his dad
Roger coming this month Yuri run it's a
thumbsucker put the monkey give my hugs
give them hugs and kisses and give me
kisses
tap them out of your mouth monkey oh
nice kiss is your boy here it's like a
grip the monkey by the back of the head
that's your monkey what else can fit
there all right we want more presents
open more presents more presents we do
let's see your bunny you got we got a
bear baby toy it's got a bunny what's
that for awkward that's like your bunny
in the wrestling video by the way check
out the wrestling video right here baby
chart has their own bunny who you guys
seen it baby turns bunny have you have
you have you have
who gave the kids an Air Jordan so your
presents have been in Daddy's stinky
shoe oh she made duct tape wallets and
hard you want a wallet made our duct
tape that's cool right that must be four
Stanley Cup dude those are pretty cool
made out of duct tape
that's a pin - look you can write you
can write on paper you're gonna have
that one then let's smell it was it
smell like duct tape time and patience
and folding and duct tape rock card you
playing with the dolls look at this
monkey puppet you want the monkey puppet
you're getting little baggies little
baggies of treats what are in those
what's in the little baggy trees huh oh
it's like a little barrel of fun and
cuteness princess well it's like
Christmas morning we just woke up and
the kids are like let's open our
presents let's open our presents so it
feels like Christmas in July literally
we're sittin here open all our presents
thank you thank you thank you for those
of us who brought us stuff that was very
nice what do you guys say about all the
presents
watch baby tarde open yours princess
tarde
we've got more presents we've got more
presents coming in do you go change your
brother's knife right there you double
dog dare you
look at that rock tower what do you got
you want daddy to open it for you
centaur would you get hurt say thank you
thank you
let me see that that a cool car say
thank you I love you cute and open that
one don't open this one cool that's
sweet man look at all those cars you
know drive these around the house open
it up and find out there's only one way
to find out that's mine don't touch it
oh cool jewelry for mommy tard earring
what else this is for me obviously for
my toenails
sometimes we open his car for them he
wants that open what else is in here
this is cool yes - mommy tard mommy
gonna buy jewelry for another ever for
another ever he wants to paint my
toenails you're the one who got me
started on this crazy toenail paint and
journey thank you Dad yeah you're
welcome bro you know I'm the best dad
ever
thank you now they're gonna be wearing
those dresses every day all the time
whoa go put it on rocked our dude ever
and dance let me to open it for you oh
yeah that matches huh hey watch out what
do you say say thank you eating look at
the camera look right here say thank you
thank you thank you guys so much we
really appreciate everything and we're
gonna keep all the letters and we're
gonna read one every night as a family
worth we're gonna start doing that until
they're all gone you're going the wrong
way bro
going going up and down going up the
ladder of life 20 singing little girls
hey sign up you ready
what do you sign up for two sports
soccer and double sport dude man you're
like mr. athlete flag football and
soccer yeah when does it start
six what is that
oh that's when I do my marathon in st.
George huh
power
what's that rock guard says airplane say
airplane so clean high knees high knees
high knees high knees go backwards and
upside down here he comes go upside down
backwards whoa
man brain just started going upside down
at backwards alright be honest with me
are you gonna dominate everybody's faces
this year are you really yeah
you ready to dominate say I'm gonna
dominate your faces suckas you can
dominate your faces sectors say to all
my future competitors out there watch
yourselves to all my future income
earners out there watch yourself say
listen I'm all about sportsmanship at
the end of the day if I don't get a W
somebody's gonna pay there was a
parent's code of conduct and players
well we can't fistfight the other
parents no you know that's what pisses
me off about LA you know it's like oh
you come here and you can't fistfight
with the other parents like what are
sports for kids supposed to be any ways
other than moms and dads yelling in
support of their children right what was
the code of conduct well you know to
control your temper
sport that sportsmanship it's for fun
it's not for competitive it's for
competitive be aggressive be be
aggressive and put your seat belt on
headed into maker studios have to go get
a photo shoot for pictures I'm not
exactly sure what the pictures are gonna
be but it's for the cartoon che beer
that's coming out soon I don't know an
official launch date but they want to do
some pictures for the launch dance I'm
running into take some pictures of maker
right now but I wanted to talk about the
fix the Olympiad the 2012 Olympiad in
England in England it's interesting this
Olympics where social media has made a
huge impact and NBC has been the the
scapegoat of a lot of angry tweets
because in Beijing in 2008 nobody was on
Twitter nobody was what I mean to say is
the whole world wasn't talking to each
other in real-time
that's the crazy evolution of today's
communication process we as a species as
a human species communicate with each
other in real time no matter where we
live what country what state what time
zone it doesn't matter we're constantly
updating each other on what's happening
in the Olympics aren't any different you
know the because of time zones in
England it's like 12 hour difference and
those events like Michael Phelps
swimming the women's gymnastics those
are all happening over there and they
don't show them here until primetime so
it's like you know 2 o'clock in the
afternoon right now here in LA but the
women have already hold on I don't want
to give any spoilers well yeah I'm gonna
do the women one goal and I've seen that
on Twitter and I'm excited because that
doesn't come on until like 8 o'clock
tonight
so it's almost happening I don't know
like 24 hours after you know NBC claims
its prime time you know coverage of you
know and of the Olympics but it's
happening 24 hours after the fact after
the women are already wearing their gold
medals around their necks it doesn't
really bother me because I am excited to
show my daughters tonight to show them
the the Olympics and to know that the
women win gold I'm not gonna tell my
daughters I'm not gonna give them the
spoilers I'm gonna act like it's
happening right in front of our eyes as
a good father would I'm gonna build up
the drama I'm gonna be like you guys if
these guys get this score then they
could win gold and all their dreams all
the work all the hours the time they
spent trying to do this and I'm excited
to build that drama up with my daughters
so that they can
see the Olympics and get that feeling of
they won they won just that that feeling
cuz I remember watching the Olympics in
real time and actually it probably
wasn't real time when I was a kid but I
wasn't on Twitter then so I didn't know
what had happened and you know I don't I
think that the news people probably
didn't share it because I didn't want to
give away spoilers back then and then in
the olden days when we didn't have a
Twitter I saw some funny commercial did
he may see that commercial when the
girls like back in o8 and Beijing it was
like this girl she's like an older girl
like 12 or something she's blowing up
this thing and there's two kids in the
pool maybe you didn't see it's a lot
have you been tweeting me about the
girls watching the gymnastics and to be
honest with you I don't think I would
want them to try to make it to the
Olympics just because I want them to be
I mean this might sound bad I want them
to be more well-rounded than that and in
order to be an Olympic champion you have
to commit a lot of time I'm talking
hours upon hours upon hours in the gym
doing flips tricks and stretching and
it's just it's a commitment you know if
they wanted to do it you know if you
know we watch this tonight and princess
tarts like dad daddy daddy daddy I want
to be an Olympic gymnast daddy I want to
be a champion daddy I just want to be a
champion I would of course encourage her
and like let her do it but if I had my
way I would I want them to go up
multiple things I want them to be able
to play the piano and do gymnastics and
maybe play the violin and do science and
do all sorts of things I want them to be
a little bit more well-rounded and
there's just not enough time in the day
sometimes to be able to do all those
different things if they're committed to
that big of a commitment you know to try
to make it to the Olympics because only
the best the best of the best of the
best as they say in Top Gun
so I'm excited to watch tonight in prime
time on NBC and check out the women's
gymnastics win gold and I'm not gonna
tell my daughters because they don't
have a Twitter account so they don't
know it's not spoiled for them yet but
I'm gonna do my job as a father be like
oh you guys I hope she nails this one if
she does like it I don't know maybe
she's not gonna do it it's gonna be
exciting to see the reaction on their
faces and I'll get a little bit of a
film for you guys so you guys can see
it's not film it's digital shay welcome
to 2012 all right
Studios maker all right here it is the
women's gymnastics for the 2012
Olympiads poor girl from Russia just had
a little mix-up to tell the huh too bad
she did try your best huh that's good
cartwheel isn't that cool princess
Argentine if you do that one day what is
that all that matters is trying your
best or winning the gold medal tried
your best that's right so we're watching
the Olympics we're excited to see who
wins okay you guys you understand yeah
yeah yeah that's who I wrote before we
don't have ruber where do we have root
beer there shouldn't be any root beer in
there unless you're hiding it somewhere
it's all gone it's all gone babyface
okay guys we're rooting for Team USA
were rooting for these girls
all right she's about to go do her her
uneven bars you excited
huh you're excited what do you think you
want to go to the Olympics one day you
do it's a lot of time and work he's
gonna win dishes where do they go back
to gymnastics yeah right yeah we're in
Idaho what's today today's Tuesday I'm
gonna go back Friday golden to Jimmy out
sticks
let's see your gymnastics floor routine
do a cartwheel
good job baby tard backbend
clear the floor print to star wants to
do a tricky tricks mom not like that
flip her over
trot me over there tada
rock turd what are you doing over there
rock cards watching old Shaytards blogs
whoa baby charts gonna get a gold medal
and belching geez dude I know Harley
Davidson biker motorcycle riders you
don't belch that loud you got that shirt
tucked in princess art I think you got
it good a good one then you
go now to on the back handspring yeah
I'm gonna tear you up once you want to
do this hey you can you film it I can
come I'm gonna throw up in the air she's
gonna do this okay we're ready they're
ready which by the way these shirts are
available right now on welcome calm yeah
really cool
go again clicking dad do it again no no
just let Dad do it that's a professional
thrower of children well-well shaycarl
it appears as if I found my way to your
end slate just kid for those of you who
don't know me my name is Blake O'Neill
I'm the shooter and editor for the
shaycarl Channel if you haven't seen it
and I'm sure you've been told this
several times already
go watch the wrestling video guys you
really don't realize how much hard work
and effort goes into this on everyone's
behalf long days and nights of shooting
and editing please share the wrestling
video with everyone you know don't know
doesn't even matter just send it to him
you know what to do for the rest of the
slate go ahead and watch yesterday's
vlog and go see what happened one two
three years ago for the Shaytards man
I've known these guys a while now and it
is I will say amazing the drive and
effort that goes into making videos
every single day I know from experience
what it takes to shoot and edit content
but man to do it every single day I
really applaud and respect this family
alright guys thanks for joining us today
and I'll see you guys next time
