Oh
my
and the shade
Oh
it is another day here we are at the
pier 39 us know what you say over your
shoulders that we should blog this right
if you pull this boy did well we're
vlogging it we're here the war mine
moment this is the left handed store and
it shows everybody who was left handed
Judy Garland Alexander the Great and
Jimi Hendrix my buddy Benjamin Franklin
who was in yesterday's vlog Ramsey's
Mark Twain hot Gandhi Mozart
Justin Bieber Ned Flanders
Beethoven Helen Keller who's that down
there and Bill Gates all the greats are
left-handed see here's the thing
everybody is born right-handed but only
the truly great over cut with it's
really great yeah Dave days is
left-handed guitar player shout-out to
day of days who plays the guitar
left-handed I'm not totally left-handed
I write and eat left-handed but I play
sports right-handed I think that's
probably just because I was raised in a
right-handed world I learned how to I
throw right-handed I bat right-handed me
and if you have left-handed I've always
thought that I always thought that like
cuz my dad always had a right-handed
guitar and I was like left-handed so I
always thought maybe if I picked up a
left-handed guitar I would be like
amazing like Jimi Hendrix but I'd play
Dave Dave's guitar once and I was not of
Jimi Hendrix I was just just as bad
left-handed as I am right-handed look a
left-handed Kerris will Karras will
Ferris wheel and carousel together is
Karras will double double dutch baby
going get some ice cream I know that's
what you're about to ask me all right
let's go get some honey you should get a
purse like this turn it up turn it up
they don't play music be 103 Idaho's
number one a music channel coming up
next we have Kanye well this is country
not oh poor boy to wear which one that
one
oh that when I bet that bag plays music
you're so cool babe fils loves oh sorry
I'm gonna get y'all to see that at home
okay Shay loss is over everybody just
cannot deny self weight change just
getting it to ice cream cones
aw dude that looks good doesn't how many
of you love grab this I mean it might be
sponge Rankine we grossed out those are
so good though little cream did you have
that on your friend oh I would write
you're shopping every day there's got a
real Weiser just remind you there's ice
cream there to remind you
sprinkles ones which one is your
favorite yes very cool since the donut
oh I know yeah I my favorite donut right
bars and maple bars maple bars yeah yeah
that's delicious
miss stump a sean.conner race the rock
there's Alcatraz right there we should
go out there go out there we don't have
time here's the bay man there's the sand
dirt is that's a fun game bridge you can
barely see it over through the mist
that's the famous red San Francisco with
the Golden Gate Bridge right there see
it's right here I'm gonna quit my squish
it big sailboat and that's the rock and
his Alcatraz I'm in the most notorious
jails in American history or in just
jail history in general
right Alcatraz it's definitely going to
be one of the most famous jails ever and
you got all this beautiful miss it's
cool huh
thank let's go see the sea lions okay
let's go see my brother Lannister's
really cool but their stink they are
stinking I'll give you $100 if you jump
out and swim to one don't you want $100
what give you hundred dollars anyway am
i well cuz I'll owe you guys way bye bye
bye bye bye thank you
right here in this spot the very first
time I ever met Charles Trippy Philip
DeFranco all those youtubers like this
was the beginning of my YouTube here I
met Danny diamond at lisanova right over
there and they were talking about her
just getting picked up to be on MADtv
and Cory mr. safety Williams was talking
to them not he went and tried out for
Saturday Night Live and I was just like
this is crazy
or famous Thrones MADtv it was crazy was
meeting them and all the youtubers I met
Olga Kay here for the very first time
she came up to me and she gave me a card
and she goes do you like Olga Kay
Channel and I said I love all the gay
channels I said they're gay channels but
she said Olga Kay and I was like yeah
Michael Buckley is my favorite youtuber
look right here man a lot of history
right here on parenting I went very
first Youtube you know you're right in
front of the scarred by different no
girl it is
is that an unattended Stoller some of my
raise your baby without your permission
I remember talking to nulls on the phone
because the Mighty Thor was here and he
was talking to notes on the bottom like
that's cause right here just like four
years ago a lot of history
check out the sea lions we're going to
get the fight 11n fight the big fat one
gets the most space on the dock you've
got more all staring at you
alright we might have a potential sea
lion about to jump up on the dock I just
saw him swim see if they'll let another
one up there
where'd he go he got fired and he got
her Kissin
just sunning themselves that's what he's
like oh this sudden feel sure going
ladies it's like your spot your spot
ma'am you have my seat I had the window
I'll know my ticket says 24 see I'm a
nervous some people I'll just go up here
now she's looking for a spot any spots
hey baby I'm back yeah I didn't catch
any fish but I might have a lead on a
new job you never get a job
well I'm trying it's hard oh girl I know
I wanna see him jump up it's gonna jump
up on that side oh this one's going off
in the water huh
Oh another one king of the dock it's a
rough world than the sea line look he's
gonna go out to go for it no oh come on
dude you can do it just be assertive
seriously though is the Sun just nicer
than normal
this one's really enjoying his sun rays
I want to know if anybody's ever jumped
off this dock and tried to go over there
and interact with the sea lions here we
go here we go nice get up there waddle
waddle waddle that's a long ways to come
out of the water that dogs like by three
feet out of the water oh yeah this whole
doctor my so that's what I'm talking
about
yeah slay in there sunning themselves
this guy's trying to get a ruckus going
comes another one over top rotate
getting hot on this side then you got a
lone sea lion over here they're just one
dude over here he knows what's going on
dude I just missed but this guy jumped
up another all mad at him he jumped up
on top of him they all started barking
at him come on bro serious drawing look
he's soft knees comfortable now come on
go for it go for it they got him you
know there's not enough room
find your own duck I'd say I'm gonna go
beat him up I'm sick of Zack are you
judging me get off me Oh you pissed off
Big Bertha now Oh
just lay down wait out now hike dozens
going on it's cool bro it's cool I'm
cool I'm cool I'm good I can watch these
guys all day this is entertaining I want
to see that big one jump up now I'm
gonna jump up and bite your head off
mommy garden seriously is really
seriously justify your hat off series
with all these people everybody's just
staring at all the sea lions look at all
these sea lions are thirsty guys why are
you fighting so much check this son out
it's so good today
I wasn't seriously look out of his head
back really working on that chin tan
my chin is way too white for this time
of year tan it up and there's San
Francisco in the distance this is a
pretty cool town
it's crazy thing built it's like a whole
pillow on the water oh that's a big one
he's gonna go up on the dog maybe it's
hard for him to get up on that one cuz
see it's all the weight this ones pushed
way down in the water how much do you
think those are each probably like three
three to five hundred pounds each
Oh Big Momma coming to bow everybody
watch out ah never move move move Big
Momma's aboard Big Momma's a boy
Slytherin Slytherin off um get off I'm
out of here
ah keep your mouth shut I'm Big Mama get
off this boat is mine
I'm the commentary you can pay me five
dollars
charger oh excuse me excuse me excuse me
oh just a bro you make me throw up
oh I'll fish everywhere it's just
jumping on a mom hot hot this dog for
all of us some sea lion gang fights are
gonna break out here in a minute
serious you guys should really check out
these arrays are so nice you can't get
enough of these sun rays man let's see
that
whoa
make it disappear in your hand again
that's impressive magic magic to be good
when I was young that was pretty good
right now
AT&T Park where Barry Bonds except the
homerun record right there anybody giant
fans
I was called candlestick anybody is it
called Candlestick Park
yeah good baseball game can't see sea
lions and Men hit baseballs I guess we
actually got to run around that Park at
the last was like the last two miles or
something of the half marathon that's
right where I ended and it was cold like
we ran where was it it's like right on
the water
basically there was like a little kids
baseball park like a little league
baseball park and then you just like saw
the statues and then like what we were
on the ground there was like names of
people look like did you notice that
bring you in too much pain to notice I
was in some type of zone here in some
peppers and did you listen your music
the whole time my zone you know I did I
listened to that song you know I mean
I'm about to get my zone I had a good
run
what was your best song when you were
running the half marathon what was the
song you're like yeah I'm feeling it now
remember yeah I had it I went through
about six Coldplay songs that were good
I was so happy it was like thank you so
much shuffle for hitting good songs on
my plane right you just hope when they
hit those good songs actually Skrillex
one of mine was Skrillex
I was really feeling it this was like
around mile ten and in the Skrillex song
we got dropped at base or whatever like
I was really feeling it during a
Skrillex on that definitely motivates me
just like that
that's like yeah some reason I don't
know why it's not very like I was it's
not musical but it kind of motivates you
just that base and that beat is just
like to you yeah like you feel that
driving power I don't know what it is
I'd say Skrillex is maybe one of the my
best songs on the race I get really
motivated by songs you wouldn't think
would motivate like there's a one
there's a pianist her name's Jennifer
Thomas and she has this song called
prelude Annette and I love it it's like
very classical but every time it comes
on I'm just like like I can breathe and
just get in the player of the Machine
and yeah cleared laughing the worst is
like I was I don't like hearing the
sounds of the race although call the
people yelling and the bells ringing
that stresses me out more and then hear
all like the feet because you're running
with there's like 30,000 people in that
marathon we can hear everybody's shoes
like on the ground and then like all the
Cubs throw and stuff the music
definitely helps like get out of your
mind not focus on the race so much I
think it makes it feel like a regular
run and you can relax more cuz we're
under regular Ryan you're just relaxed
you're and you're thinking about other
stuff you're not like I'm in a race I
gotta hand I'm a mile five okay how much
longer time in my all six I probably at
Mile 5.2 I'm surprised like five point
five now is at mile six cuz yeah you
keep thinking like every sec like okay
I'm almost to six that how much more
does that mean I have then you gotta
like quit thinking about that you know
that's the hard part about it alright
we're headed to the airport to go see
our babies we miss soft baby we just
have to make one more stop before you
get on out of this Bay Area what kind of
spokesperson would I be if I didn't stop
by my good old buddies swivel now to see
the swivel boys we're gonna go say hi to
their global headquarters global
headquarters of the the device that will
change the way we communicate the tripod
that moves with you as you swivel it
swivels with you swivel swivel swivel
swivel that maybe I could be our jingle
read a jingle
swivel swivel I'm gonna swivel you're
gonna swivel swivel swivel it swivel
with your grinding flat honey
Brian apply I got nothing on my jingle
swivel swivel swivel swivel swivel you
swivel swivel swivel around
we're just swivel
around the town civilan up and down
around the town a swivel swivel yeah
yeah yeah see not impressed I don't know
maybe you guys can think of a better
jingle for swivel you know you know I'm
talking about a nice little thing here
this shows what it is you know please
come on Shoku sticks in here you guys
ever sing in a parking garage
I need to get some more food picked this
place because it's reminding us of the
parking garage the acoustics that's why
he said Shay will love it in here yeah
so got some swivels going on what do you
rebuilding some just opening them up
checking what's going on checking
checking the things out inside number 5
is alive it reminds me of that movie
when the number-5 takes that car apart
then he's flipping that that you have
him I feel like you would that would be
up on your favorite classics she quoted
all the time saying yeah yeah she hasn't
seen it cuz I remember the first time I
sound like you haven't seen that yeah
he's like I'll be your hug I know he's
flipping the washer yeah son tard loved
it ok show show chair skills babe
what do you got Brian you gonna let her
do that in this office oh yeah here we
go that's the best part of this office
getting
okay you guys so the reason that we're
here is because I'm here to pick up a
swivel because I only have three more
and I'm giving some to other people I
gave one to when I get born too uh Jason
Horton took one I gave one for his
podcast the two white guys podcast but I
was telling some of you in my life show
the other day that I have a new idea for
a cooking show I'm going to tell you the
name of it but it's a cooking show I
can't tell them no no I can't get away
okay but anyways there's gonna be a
cooking show with baby tart and princess
tard I can't tell you the premise but I
have to use a swivel in it and you'll
see once you see the premise of the
video why I have to use a swivel because
I need the camera to move with me
because okay because of a reason that I
can't tell you because it'll give away
the premise of the new series but it's
fun and you're gonna like it and it's
gonna be coming up in Pride this week is
when are you on in New York
what are you leaving me woman here put
her let's put our feet together and push
off on the Kennedy wait put both feet
can the cannon three push as hard as you
can't wait ready ready one two three
I'm fatter than you you have a lot
farther so mommy's going to New York for
a week for what is it some conference um
for blog her we're going with all the
moms wait wait is it blogger or its blog
her locker looks like a planner blogger
but blog eighty oh that's a wedding so
witty she's leaving to go to New York
and I guess the speakers are Martha
Stewart and Katie Couric so Brett told
me he's like Shay we need some shaycarl
videos because we've been gone to Idaho
for a month so we don't have any
shaycarl videos so I told him I'm gonna
do a cooking show with the girls with
this premise which I can't tell you
about or their email on me
but I'm gonna use the swivel so I'm here
picking up I need two souls can you guys
spare two swivels you can switch okay
good you can slow that oh yeah can you
swing all that
can you swing that in his little oh can
you swivel that and by the way on the
way over here I came up with a theme
song - yeah you guys will have to listen
to it we're yeah it's on the camera it
hasn't been uploaded yet well now it is
when the guys are watching it but you
haven't seen it no it's not shut your
mouth
go to New York they're the swivel swivel
yeah yeah no that's not it
but anyways you'll see it in a few days
I'm excited to show it to you guys if
okay actually some of them do know
because I told in the live show on
blogtv if I told you in the live show do
not I repeat you probably already have
do not put it in the comments below what
the premise is cuz I can't keep my big
mouth shut
don't tell people in the comments below
if some of you are in the blog TV chat
the other day I did give the premise
away crap
I just remembered but don't tell in the
comments below until the video comes out
it's gonna be sweet cannot keep secrets
with you guys let's just be honest let's
be honest you can't keep secret I really
did I gave it away the other day show
okay you don't tell you what to do woman
do what I want
quit vlogging me vlogging myself
there's bald man I ate a huge lunch and
so I'm about to climb these stairs he's
trying to find the scares but this is
big
burn calories but what a wet vlog here
I'm vlogging woman break his neck he
could break his will in on hey Cara
least your butt looks good we managed to
get all her presents all the gifts that
people gave us for the kids we got in
these two marathon bags and in our
little suitcase which is amazing it's
like the Mary Poppins bag use it like
your whole life
you're amazing I am truly impressed by
you now put the bag down so you don't
break your head off
looks like nanny tards all tuckered out
nanny tard rah are you doing some
laundry nanny talk oh look at her baby
hey there's a blond-headed girl asleep
baby dard i love you i love you
sweetness what I was here acht her - can
I go wake him up I wanna wake him off I
miss a bit we're giving a little guy
kisses he's kidding the kisses from his
mom and dad he's growing up too fast
stop growing up
didn't painted your nails
it's really cool to paint your toenails
not your fingernails looks like he's
been hanging out with his sisters too
much his sister and his aunt love you
rock face hey guys this is Suns are
doing the insulate and and don't forget
to thumbs up the videos and check out
the one to three in the middle and don't
forget to congrats my mom on her first
half-marathon they she did a great job
and they were gone for a long time so I
miss some really much I hope I hope you
guys like yeah their faces I hope you
like our faces and hi guys I'm just
driving to my house right now I hope you
see the one years ago two years ago
three years ago and I hope this is a mr.
day's video bye
