good morning it's time for another
beautiful they were headed down to a
meet up right now at pier 39 at
Fisherman's Wharf go say hello hi hi
thanks for watching our videos give me a
hug give me kiss
uh wait what no no tongue action in
today's meet up thingy of you try to
tongue kiss me I will put up a minor
objection to that unless you're a big
burly dude dama be tired did her hair
special for all those Sanford's asking
people that are coming out to meet us I
tried to curl up in it you always try to
curl your hair and you always spend
really her hair will not curl it just
goes straight and long and beautiful
just like I love it because the hair
knows how I like it so it's like I'm not
gonna curl for you woman I'm here for
for daddy Tod and he likes it long and
straight and flowy so we're headed there
right now and I am P owed at the
cyclists I was watching the cycling this
morning on the Olympics it's so exciting
and the guy lost because he was look I
was tweeting about it a little bit
earlier now listen I understand that I
gets a team sport cycling is a team
sport and there's like guys who
necessarily aren't set up to win the
race because they're sprinters are the
dudes who they kind of like protect and
they let say in their slipstream so that
they you know have less of a headwind so
that they have more energy towards the
end of the race so they can sprint ahead
but the thing is in this specific race
these two dudes if you watched it on the
I gotta get in the right lane
yeah the two dudes were like way out and
hit in front and it was the last 500
meters of the race there's no reason to
be turning around and looking behind you
at that point like the finish line is
right there like look and go and pedal I
was like scream like wet looking around
that that's how honestly the dude lost
you go watch the footage the guy turns
around and he kind of like beard to the
left when he turned around and that
other dude he was from Croatia or where
was
Kazakh Stan the can't remember where he
was from but he had superior colors his
bike was Pete which I love and I like
their colors better but the other dude
in white he turned around to look and
that split-second that dude saw that his
opportunity and he just bolted he like
 was honking at me and he won he
won the gold medal so I was like quit
turning around anyways we're headed to
the work yeah I was smart he was
watching as soon as I got turned around
he saw his mum and he just took it
anyways we're going to meet with
everybody down at the wharf see in a
second the pier and it was a little
confusion whether we're by the stinky
sea lions or the golden sea lions we
found each other where was Ricky he was
in one of my shaker cones the GE
powerlifting green iJustine yeah that
was fun
deniz put a thing tell her tanida nice
but the thing they came to the
California Academy of Arts and Sciences
and I stalked him
and he was in the video with that school
look all these people are here to say I
love that shirt and thanks blowing go
buy one else online ha ha ha ha and
everybody say hi those guys up there hi
I just wanna say hi to all the kids sent
our big tired rock tired for to start I
love you guys ally I'm so cute and I
just want to say hi to everybody nice
and bread and all the needs to do
something
tell her that and he's put some cool
annotation or something oh you know what
you can you know I'm gonna do some
self-promotion here oh here we go to my
channel it's a trans Morgan 11 careful
Morgan good thing you're not dressed up
as Little Mermaid er everybody LEL at
you in the 20 mode in your selves at
random Oregon this guy has been my my
police escort he's a San Francisco
police officer and you just prevented
anybody from stabbing me which I am free
shot and they helped us get all our
presents we're gonna have to go buy
another suitcase just to carry all this
stuff back home with all this stuff that
bags and bags of presents mommy got bags
for all the kids she's got it bag we're
seriously gonna have to go buy another
bag to put all these bags in our other
bag it's Christmas in July
anyways it was awesome meeting all of
you if you were there at the gathering I
don't know how many people felt like
there was like at least Cougars anyways
thanks for coming out and meeting us and
taking pictures bye see you guys
oh these guys running the marathon you
bye this is awesome check this out this
is so pretty look at there's the bay let
me see it this reminds me of pursuit of
happiness
with Will Smith when he's like walking
down these streets now I hope we don't
have to run up these roads for the
marathon this is crazy this would be a
cool road too it's a long word on if you
could go down this thing like 100 miles
an hour that would be like a roller
coaster to make your stomach go whoop
whoop
Wow late to cool how many cool streets
here it is pretty interesting ready to
go it's pretty in a weird way
look at this look down here look at you
guys guys look what use your eyes see
your eyes wow it's cool streets a roller
coaster ride making me kind of nervous
for what our course is gonna be like
taught us yeah I'm thinking I'm like
where are we running maybe our love is
roller coaster loves bigger goes I was
thinking so forget it behind the camera
was mommy turns boobs look huge I didn't
realize that my know everyone's gonna
don't is that maybe we should get that
part out she was weird you know how like
when ladies either wear a seat belt
you know and the seat belt goes in
between the memories or like they have a
they have a purse they have a purse on
and it's like really accentuates that
memory the big sacks of I was looking
through some of the tweets that you guys
like her tweet another right look at
that
that's a cool building oh I was looking
through some other tweets that you guys
tweeted us from the meet up and I'm like
mommy time really nice way to draw
attention way to drive change okay I
know sorry forgive me for like eight
ball
listen we should cut all this out Deniz
cut all out it's not it's not right it's
not appropriate and women are more than
they're awesome sacks of fat on this I'm
just gonna pull the camera on you oh
here we go
it's here the first day of the rest of
my life they do do we do you ready babe
oh you got your sweats on everything
yeah well just for the right there right
there okay I got our shoes favorite
sweats we're getting ready to head down
to the marathon well yeah
thanks babe these guys think I'm fine
too yes
dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun
try and building up consumerism I just
saw some jeans in the Macy's there were
a hundred and seventy nine dollars know
what I did I punched the mannequin right
in the face so even daring putting a
price tag on a pair of denim
they're called Joe's and even heard of
these jeans called Joe's 170 way anyways
tell me where we just ate burger bar in
the mall hey bro wanna be in our vlog
cool anyways it was delicious we had
clam chowder and a ranch salad and I had
the Chilean cheaper all right
oh yeah we ran them half marathon we ran
13.1 miles this morning and it was
successful we both did it
our legs are both intact we're both
alive
what why you want to take a picture with
a little old us we're just walking
thanks bro
yeah we're gonna kick big picture I got
my take telling your time bed because
there's no pack
yeah we didn't really get very much
footage I got a few clips on my iPhone
but it was hard to run with the flip and
then we didn't have anybody there so
film us so we didn't bring the flip
sorry
so there's not much footage but Shay
does not have to shave his head you can
see really an hour and 32 power 32
minutes and 59 seconds which I'm really
excited because that actually if I kept
that same pace that would be qualifying
from Boston that's Boston Marathon
qualifying time which i think is three
hours and sick well yeah I kept that
same pace like 305 I'm not sure exactly
it's 306 really because if it's pending
in an hour in 33 minutes that would be
306 but I think Boston qualifying time
is like 305 which is amazing to keep
that up for another 13 point one that's
a pretty fast pace but you keep that up
for another 13 miles I'm gonna need to
train my butt off of it if I could even
do three and a half hours on my next
marathon oh it felt really good anyways
mommy tard
tell me time I did that half marathon
thirteen point one
in two hours 30 31 minutes and 46
seconds and that's the farthest you've
ever run in your entire life and tell
them what happened after 10 miles I
cried because she realized that was a
big moment for her when she passed the
10 mile mark it's a father should ever
ran before my knee is really bad though
so I'm gonna have to work on my your
knees and make some knee exercises I
think just improving creasing my time
slower
yeah just your time on the road they'll
get stronger your tendons and muscles
will grow around your knee grab
something for my joints so they don't
forget that yeah you don't want to get
them get bad so now we're gonna go to
Nordstrom's because mommy cart has a
gift card that I got you for Christmas
Eve night we got her at Nordstrom's gift
parks I'm such a great hubby whoopee
we're probably gonna get one sock it's
really expensive creatures walking
around this tricycle e/l we're good
no we need to go up oh we're here Hey
all right go shopping you got 30 minutes
before I get impatient go look at this
architectural II crazy human
it's like levels upon levels of people
moving spiraling down down down down to
the ground orange up this hammer know
behind your butt shaking
could you sit up on top of this railing
for $100 for 100 bucks would sit on top
of this
oh really this is an amazing I mean it's
just crazy to think about the ingenuity
hard work and technology that goes into
something like this I mean just look at
it you've got to appreciate it all the
people that are just milling about it's
gigantic I always think about like
whenever I see things like this it's
like wow
imagine go back in time and like it'll
be like Benjamin Franklin and just
saying look at this mr. Franklin that
little tiny were shocked by lightning is
that a true story when he had a key on
the kite he was flying a kite and it
shook and it shut it shocked the kite I
can't talk I ran 30 miles today I did
all my talking no Dan huh
imagine showing Benjamin Franklin let's
find that little invention called
electricity and look what it can do look
at the tenacity and
looking for adjutants in our justice for
you what you'll look at it we're just
bringing old pioneers you said that
women wear pants and stuff too you think
oh well yeah but Benjamin Franklin's
check this out bro hey John Adams Thomas
Jefferson thanks for our freedom
but seriously thing about it like just
walking through this you know this
shopping complex with some of the early
you know founders of this country I mean
it's it's really amazing how far we've
come in you know not very many years you
know less than the couple hundred years
in less than 300 years this is in the
next 300 years in the year 2000 in the
year 2000 who knows that's from you guys
new anyways let's move on how
embarrassing they got a picture of my
butt right here in the middle of San
Francisco oh that's not me my butt looks
better than that alright babe Shay
what's-her-name Shay Mitch
everybody treats Shay Mitch and tell her
that I have a better butt than she does
yeah whoo hey guys we are in the end
slate at Pier 39 it is Monday we're
coming down here to view a lot is cryo
dead last few things trying to see alone
listen this song what's this song is not
a song this dudes out here playing on
the pier
he has like some crazy guitar listen you
guys know this song right no this is
like what you listen to right before you
fight a bull I am ready all right sorry
I had to go back because I didn't do
that song anyways check out yesterday's
vlog and well we just barely left the
hotel room and I uploaded the shayloss
video of mami tarde finishing her race
13.1 miles I'm so proud of her she's a
mother of four and she's a crazy maniac
runner lady and her legs are starting to
look really nice
you know I'm Sian Reynolds runner legs
who doesn't love those and then check
out yesterday's vlog it's just a one
taker just check out all the videos we
got lots of them the one two three in
the middle and we're headed back tonight
our flight leaves here in a couple hours
so we're just gonna go get a bowl of
clam chowder on the wharf and then catch
our plane back home to our babies I'm
gonna kiss him on the face due to yeah
you guys are sick of us all right love
you guys we will see you tomorrow bye
