and the shade
Oh shame
and the shame
what did you honey what are ways where
are we where are we where the white cape
of breast blinking lights Oh what is
when you go into the wonka there in the
water yeah those waka wash no memory
right Marcella Hazan walk memo that's
one can watch rappers go but remember
whether in throw the bow tie one of ours
on our governor this is a great deal to
give you a spray bottle and the rack
you know we got to do of course what I
do not know every trying through you got
to do it though we have to it's cool you
guys know we're gonna do right you've
watched our videos long enough you know
what huh girls what we gotta do huh
you guys know what do we have to do
do you remember when we go through the
end automatic car wash are you ready my
favorite part is all our money all our
money thanks bro
I love your hair that's how you should
do your hair every morning if you've
never tried it I'm soaking wet you go
through the automatic car wash and oh oh
yeah make sure we'll give that to them
for a tip Oh roll down your windows when
the dryers come on it is exhilarating
you've got to try it and I'm soaking wet
so beat so penis so pro tip if you do
roll down your windows during the dry
phase of an automatic car wash be sure
to secure all paper things yeah or else
this will happen mara we did this video
ding ding ding remember the guy who was
like pissed at us cuz afterwards he's
like cleaning up all the papers do it
and then we had to do another tape
because we weren't filming funny story
about that video right here the first
tank we did we didn't have the camera on
was frustrating to go it clicked all the
papers and go through it dude yeah and
then of course we did collect all the
papers that we can find oh man what's
going on because we didn't want a letter
we still did that how did you guys
figure excellent a good there you go
thank you
I'm good day sir see you later you just
like that we're squeaky clean
we need paper towels
Oh
that was so cool
so smooth so cool
not China in your local store crazy
honey just for a future reference the
next time just in all times when you say
should I jump up here the answers gonna
be no you're lame this is I know but
it's usually heavy carts drowning in a
sea of groceries and this is what we
call grocery shopping cardboard and is
it professional so do not try this in
your own grocery stores at home he's
crazy let's be honest
he's a professional really dancing baby
dancing baby don't fall off the fan
dancing baby this is a tradition every
time we're done grocery shopping we let
the kids down son the room you know
after you get it wash you gotta get some
feet prints on the roof
don't let your little brother fall off
don't knock him over with your big butts
you see mom hey who's that lady hey lady
bring us our food I bet you some parents
think I'm the craziest hi mom
here for to start film Rock our jumping
off right here come on start one two
three who name
okay now film baby time now I want you
to jump as high as you can jump way up
ready one two three
I always do bro time beginning time to
get in I'm in the van climb in the van
get your butts in the band doing a film
here you go
hang on a vlog hey guys I'm vlogging
here wait don't cover up the lens there
you go say hey what's up dudes hey dudes
how's it going - hi my name's rock face
this is so ladies we just ditched the
guys now what are we gonna do
we're going to down keys this is our
favorite storage Miami he's gonna go get
an oil change boring so we're going
shopping
it's called Danny's Outfitters it's one
of our favorite stores here in Idaho
okay we've each got an outfit on just
show you guys ready let's see yours baby
tried cute I'm sure whole skirt I like
that do you like it all right so I'll
see my fancy pants I think it's supposed
to go down a little bit hey let's show
them what I'm wearing
doing this skirt it looks like yeah I'm
like ballerina mature so it makes you
feel like a ballerina I don't know how I
feel about it
kind of different should I get it yeah I
don't know Hey look mom this is a
problem with trying on things and
restroom is like can't imagine what I
would put with it yet maybe No
Oh Sassie McPhee I love love Becca if
love love love those pants look how
adorable they are so cute touching these
is so you and the purse it's just
fabulous
okay move over baby jars let's see cute
oh oh and here's some flour and flour
okay the only problem is we didn't budge
it to buy everything so we do have to
decide that those were adorable what do
you think do you like that one is that
your favorite skirt okay bye she's still
like that one one one pound
yeah all right Oh Mike you want a piece
of my everything I know it's hard but we
have to budget you have to learn to make
decisions I want eat it don't think
you're getting it yet what about it
hi must your Engelmann kiss hell are you
dealing today it's nickel can hold its
own still he's crawling fast where is he
crying
he's calling an inside your ear hole
yeah yes kidding is not why is he
calling I feel like I'm not scared baby
tread will you hold the praying mantis
oh they're really nice they're really
nice look at it all shakes ladybugs you
know why it's called a praying mantis
because it's its wings
well not bangs but it's vehicle like
that like it's praying huh well what's
his name pray pray prairie baby Todd
come hold it I'll show you I'll show you
yeah but I'm not gonna hold it watch the
comments see you see you are no harder
prime mantis all right someday someday
my mine mister peg batches your sylveon
I'm gonna go out on the front yard with
Grandma hmm are you gonna scare oh don't
scare so bad well we got a drummer here
at the party that didn't really ask for
one
rocked our douche a control your baby
dude I saw everything you know yeah he's
doing a great job thanks best part
sounds like we're doing 40 but all the
kids are after Shay with the water
balloons all the kids in the family
ganged up on Shayla nobody got him yet
though half a baby his Sunter hit me
right in the neck and it like like
somebody punched me in the neck
didn't break well he takes after his
mother got a great right cross
what let's cross that okay hey Kyle are
you really fitting your little bum in
that chair yes my little bum chair
that's why I'm impressed you know
there's a way cool I'm just pretty
enough to holes in the house man go get
him rocked up Ellen no writers Hey you
can't run down here you're just faking
it I know it's back is it work yeah it's
fun mommy car dropped the camera and it
was like infrared inches I look at the
screen I'm like whoa cool because like
all infrared but then when I hit I was
like cool means you have to buy a new
flip and where are we gonna find a new
flip on the flipping internet flipper
you flip her head brag George Washington
I'm flippin praying here let me alone
with pads inappropriate Shay seriously
she doesn't robot me if you don't want
to do you any of you have any husband's
or dads like this that everyone's well
they just have to wrestle everyone go
kick him I love how you use the pillow
as your shield I'm sorry son I cannot
protect you in this one oh shoot here
pop quiz
do you know iron man's real name
Thaddeus no dark-blue today we found
some praying mantises in Cooper found
one and I said would you name him when
he goes Tony starts it's adorable
Shay really now can you tell me what
you're teaching your son right now hurts
sound hard that's when you need to kick
oh my goodness Jeff Oh Jeff and what
love you guys nothing but love how would
you love try children Oh
yeah yeah what do you want to get beat
up to know I hate myself
oh no oh she bloomed
you gotta flooded you hurt your toe
little girl oh wow that's a great excuse
to get out the hell kittib and I just
mean the hook way come on Harvey got a
Miss okay you're watching the race you
can only watch if you're a cheerleader
you got a cheer which team are you on
big hit come on I'll find the Hello
Kitty band-aids guys this is a perfect
excuse because usually they have to use
them or they want to use all the
band-aids and usually I have to say you
don't get this one unless you're
bleeding well you're bleeding it's time
to use them so that's it you don't need
any ammo you need to say your prayer
so miss me now you gotta kiss me oh you
know was scary
I believe you for two-and-a-half I win
all battles what do we do with this for
mental clip baby you woke up the baby
did you wake him up I'm gonna wake him
up it's 10:30 8:00 at night
the baby's sleeping we're still up but
we gonna have a kitty daddy
hey what's apply at a Hello Kitty
mandate to the toe have to wash it first
honey oh yes germs broke jaws here you
have to wash him tell her you need okay
I think he can actually do that for a
took how something off is apply a
band-aid I remember when I was in scouts
he had to like clean a wound and apply a
bandage
he hasn't before but you can do it again
well let's see if he's experienced okay
what do you do son tired this patient
needs a toe bandage okay let me see go
to work go to work nurse son tarde make
rugs out some people so we're using the
kitchen sink well never bother me I'm in
charge
well that is this care of center kids
aside cuz it's scalding my foot well che
finally found somebody to fight with you
did deserve that just so you know
good cheer non-secure sound let's head
on the ground that'd be a bad idea the
filming process getting serious I'm so
glad you're here eleven Shane really
needed this
hey everybody make sure to check out
those two videos right here and make
sure to thumbs it up this is princess
hard check out the one and two and three
years ago and we're just driving back to
California right now
thanks for watching these videos please
watch them and if you do I'll be really
really happy thanks bye
