is it on oh it's on hi guys what are you
doing
so you're improvising man you know I
remember that with Barbies they only
come with one outfit but you can't just
have one outfit for a Barbie that's
boring do you know what used to make
outfits out with out put outfits out up
we used to make outfits out of shirt
sleeves that we cut off and socks is
that weird yeah kind of it worked they
weren't the most fashionable outfits but
they covered on the least you know
that's all you need on a Barbie doll
would you guys do today what do you play
in son tard what game you want to tell
them about your goal that you've been
doing oh yeah for how long
well Helmut how many miles have you been
going every day three that's a lot dude
you'll be running half marathons before
you know it but you baby turn Germany
goals to eat as much parade candy as
possible is that one of your goals we've
compiled all their parade candy into one
giant Bowl don't go get the bowl so we
can show them sontar-ha go get the ball
and so we've compiled other candy one
giant bowl we're not gonna eat sugar
we're gonna start our goal again so
we're eating sugar today so that Bowl
has diminished drastically but I think
what we'll do with the rest of it is
we'll just chuck it cuz really once you
have your favourite ones out of it you
don't really need the rest right why why
did candy calories you could mean there
was white candy calories when it's just
a waste it's just a waste well some of
its gross though look at that really I
don't think I don't think that's what
you're gonna do here let me show my
favorite ones are these ones the tootsie
roll of devotion I love this cinnamon
saltwater taffies and then the mint
saltwater taffies those are my favorite
ones am i weird oh this is like I was
doing it the candy don't stick your feet
in it I don't like wrappers I like the
chewy kind they're just awesome Fruities
let me see you're all like the fruit
tips here oh yeah it's not a Tootsie
Roll it's not really that good let's be
honest really fun fun to kind of see
what your kids taste like well your kids
taste like and they turn into gum whoa
razzle bedazzle those are all just wet
I hate organ it was so or anything it
was light orange the bursar but then
when I chewed it it was so so much is so
cute I have a feeling you're gonna be an
excellent storyteller one day well not
that you aren't today I'm already
excited for this story did dad tell you
about the snake that we saw up at our
adventure by the river yeah there was a
rattlesnake and I don't know who but
somebody cut its head off and they
buried the head because it kept snapping
even once the head was cut off it's kept
snapping like trying to strike and the
body even though the head was off of it
still kept jumping like it was trying to
strike oh that's so weird what makes I
don't know what you said but it was
really exciting I know that's crazy
I've heard that chickens do that too
like when you cut their head off they
still like squawk or what well they
can't squawk their heads gone but they
still like move around what is it that
makes them do that I don't get that
that's kind of weird anyways you guys
know let me know in the comments below
any who's old should we go find dad he's
seriously asleep let's go wake him up
let's go wake him up saying it's Lee
shy Wally asleep but um so yes we went
to church today and center fell asleep
right after he was wild in church today
but
he's asleep should I wake him up
exclusive dual air technology no she
runs don't wait daddy ever so we've been
watching the what he called the vigil
that they've been doing for the Aurora
Colorado shooting where President Obama
went to Colorado and he met with the
families of the victims and with some of
the victims themselves and I thought it
was really neat I mean lots of different
people spoke lots of different leaders
of religious organizations and just
different community leaders and I think
it's it's neat how times like those
communities can come together and you
know even though the world different and
we all believe different things they can
still come together on you know on
supporting each other and lift each
other up so I thought that was neat yes
he is asleep on the couch
I'm joking
well I'm glad that you're exploring your
your talent of learning how to joke but
calling somebody stupid isn't usually
funny yeah no you're not that's not
funny either we'll work on the funny or
work on the funny all right you guys
excited for getting ready to head back
to California Oh your old personal home
your friends gave you oh yeah I remember
it's such a cute purse yes your monkey
we forgot to bring your monkey what
about school you guys realize you're
starting school really soon I'm tired
you're gonna start scouts again and
school yeah and one thing that I wanted
to do on this year that we didn't really
implement last year at all as we're
gonna get the kids involved with
something musically so we're gonna learn
some singing some piano right Nolan
violent princess heart was inspired by
the violinists at the family reunion so
we might get her a fiddle try that I
wanna sleep teaching her anything but
we'll find a good teacher I'm not well
yeah but I don't mean I know how to do
it yeah my yeah anyways we will we'll
just take you guys along and journey
whatever we decide to do that's our one
taker for today stay tuned tomorrow
we're gonna be headed back to California
this week we've got the marathon coming
well strike up reverse it the half
marathon coming up I'm not gonna lie I
went for a run yesterday and my knees
were killing me because I took a week
off I'm just such an idiot
but anyways no half marathon haven't run
it yet but I'm going to try anyways I
know that we're gonna be doing like a
meet-up in San Francisco so stay tuned
well you guys know all the details about
that and we'll see you guys later
you guys are awesome stay happy and
smiling and make sure you do something
for somebody else today and make them
happy yeah trying to spread some good
words I don't know bye guys
