guys fall asleep watching favors Dumbo
and so tonight we're going to Utah hi
we're going to a family reunion and and
it's a valeria of a sided family that
I've actually never ever met before
it's my stepmothers mom who passed away
a long time ago it's her entire side of
her family so I've never actually met so
you know when you're in faced with a
situation like this sometimes it's easy
to be like I don't I don't know anybody
but it's my family so I want to go and
get to know people say hi so we'll see
how it goes excited that was the
weirdest excited things I've ever seen
the cool thing about it is though we do
get to eat Dutch oven dinner and Dutch
oven is awesome so if anything we'll eat
we'll eat well tonight yeah baby tarde
is watching a cooking tutorial while I
do her hair her favorite things to watch
are cooking tutorials cakes and baking
tutorials and makeup tutorials I don't
know she might have ruined YouTube
channel soon you never know and Princess
hard your hair looks pretty you like it
yeah dude you want a bow in it what are
you doing are you trying to take a
picture of cute however if we don't move
him soon he's gonna get a really big
kink in his neck
who you on the phone with babe I'm
trying to learn Kali's harmony parts and
every concealer
we're headed to the family routine right
now and let me card house to learn the
other part because ding-ding-ding right
here Denise and when she's saying poor
Wayfaring Stranger mommy turns sang the
lead and Callie signal army but now
endeavor II her other sisters gonna sing
lead and mommy cards gonna seem to hurt
me so she has to learn a whole different
part it's fun though and this part is
good Callie's foot but the problem with
our voices as they sound very similar so
sometimes it's hard for me if you want
if I don't remember yeah they do
something very much alike you guys want
to see about Callie's in California I
wish she was here this mountain right
here is basically the mountain I grew up
on I skied this hill this is called
Pebble Creek skiers or I skied that
probably 60 70 times every winter and I
miss it those big bold beautiful clouds
in the sky bodacious who's excited
you guys seem excited princess hard stop
growing up so fast earlier when we were
getting ready and mommy tired just got
done doing princess turns hair I said
print to start stop growing up so fast
she said I can't help it it's Jesus's
fault
we laughed laughed laughed and laughed
and laughed until we died and they
buried us and the grass grew and grew
and grew
tickle their feet so we laughed and
laughed and laughed until he died and
then they buried us and then the grass
grew and grew and grew until it tickled
our feet and we laughed and laughed and
laughed until we died snappy all right
me and Sun tarde are finding rocks to
skip across the river give it it don't
hit that kid out there don't hit anybody
in the river he does a little warm-up
there's not a very good place to get
down on the bank and there's not very
many selection of skipping rocks huh hey
what are we doing where we got explain
it
a lot of people from my side my mom's
mom how many people here do we know not
very many people huh
you know you've all been to those family
reunions where it's like hey I don't
know anybody here and it's like hi nice
to meet you and they're like I remember
when you how you doing here's a good one
check out that skipper that's a skipper
rock wanna try to skip that one and you
know all the adults like I remember when
you first got married you were a lot
fatter than I actually wasn't that when
I first got married but I have got a few
comments of like you you lost a lot of
weight which I'm glad for get it
look at that warm-up did it skip oh man
that tree was in the way dang it I
didn't see it I'll find another skipper
for you me and Todd are on the skipping
rock tart the skipping bit what are we
doing we're trying to find rocks to skip
on the river because we don't know
anybody we better go back and talk to
people or your mom will yell at us for
being antisocial come on dude let's go
back and make friends listen man maybe
you'll meet a cousin that you'll be
lifelong friends with and you can bike
penpal back and forth with when you're
in Los Angeles
you'd be like it's so good seeing you
this summer cousin can't wait to see in
10 years the next family reunion are you
doing baby card what do you see B what
are you feeding the goats goats what are
you feeding the goats are they hungry
does their dinnertime
Nina bite your fingers off oh there's
rockface where you going dude he's gonna
go play on what appears to be a giant
crib for Miss misbehaving children what
is that why are you laughing like that
looks like what that is
you're the queen of what the queen of
old broken-down and playthings Wow Wow
the puppy's been banished from the
kingdom oh what's that
weirdo doing hey son tired looking hot
dude baby turd you paint your toenails
I'm just out on the range
ruffington rod catch a cowboy
flip it around you go backwards oh
that's scary man found a mask put it on
again you didn't have your eyes all
right what here what but yes there you
go
hey growl rah Oh so scary
the masked man did it no whoa with mask
man jumped over the wall man he ran off
with all the loot oh and then he chucked
his mask on the ground got some chicken
in the chicken coop what are you doing
that's what we're gonna put rock face
for now are you have chicken Oh careful
dude spoilers you can't climb up in
there and your heels you got a fellow
chick in there alright see you guys
later
what a chicken to make I can't think of
the noise you got scared that's pretty
cute huh
don't die your mom will be mad at me if
you died hey man you paint your toenails
like Daddy
stick your face in there he knows just
what to do you crazy monkey put your
face in there mami tarde there you go
that's what I like I always wanted to
make I always wanted to ride on the
range with a blonde the head of a woman
well I just got weird hey jump jump nice
dude nice off to the river you go go
jump in the river he's gonna go swimmin
no he's gonna drown to death any second
I should go and get him I'm just gonna
keep filming
down by the river to pray studying about
that good ol way and I don't know though
good lord show me the way come on
brothers let's go down come on down
when spankings in timeouts just try yeah
you wanna go down come on sisters let's
go down down to the river to it right we
shouldn't learn that song down in the
river to pray studying about that good
away and
well then crowned good lord show me the
way I know I'll play with this propane
tank next macGruber k-rock tired
Nina feed him go let him bite your
finger off good job makes us real help
yeah just push him in there why is my
dog
they bited your thumb how we rock please
get your hand out of there man you get
bit which ones which
princess turn what's going on back here
princess start keeping some weed in your
back pocket huh
busted Buttercup want some of that get
her out card he's picking he's picking
dress I'm gonna pick some grass there
you go it's for Lily Buttercup come on
whoa don't fall over it's under there I
can see your pockets you know that's a
sign that your shorts are too short if
you can see the bottom of your pockets
ladies I'm talking to you you can see
your pockets up David I've decided to go
swimmin legs thank you all wet can you
walk over to mom I got you come on
come on seriously ladies if your pockets
are longer than your shorts they're too
short okay that's a summer tip for you
baby it's are you gonna fall down again
I miss it the first time can you do it
can you do a retake have you fallen in
the river now that you're soaking wet
what are you trying to pick up dude some
rocks honey rocks you got there that's a
lot of them
look at this scenery
that is gorgeous
yeah now you're gonna be soaking wet
when we go home how fun will that be
centaur don't you fall in alright
promise you want to run and go get her
you want to go get her okay through the
other camping campsites princess Todd
comes a-running she wants to come and
play in the river like the other
children gonna come play in the river
want to get in you don't have to
yeehaw
other dance not happening okay
that girl is like 5 years old
dance baby go dance with rock tired
hold on I'm looking for some more
licorice
it's hard just do it I'm the cameraman
no the bubblegum let your dancing gum
yeah
specific
so choke on your licorice
whoo Bravo nice dancing Hrothgar
I've 18 18 pieces of licorice I'll do
anything
see that fancy footwork
yeah that's good
maybe darken dance she's recorded this
song and just through it and every today
spider-boy
is always cream
you
