see hi guys how are you say hi to the
camera so much night didn't you miss him
so much
Sakshi worried I know I love it they
don't even match
she got Rapunzel and started Oh daddy
Torres Vicks punch him in the face no
punch me in the feet all over it
sometimes that means up on time oh
that's a cool baby right there
what a cool baby baby hey what are you
eating oh that's balled up and my cube
is I could say - that was her best joke
before we started rolling the camera and
she said this is my best joke did I say
- I don't remember now that was an
awesome joke stump up nothing hey guys
you're home from the forest we have oh
my goodness baby hi we got a bunch of
footage from yesterday look at what
happened to my oh you got some battle
wounds kids look what happened to Daddy
if you really oh yeah I got that there's
a battle wound
it was a vicious camping experience
we're outta a bear attacked me
yes listen listen you guys wait
everybody listen tell me if this hurts
okay ready come here I'll save you all
oh babe you all haven't you mommy I
don't know if you said you better once
saw daddy and tardo hey play the guitar
maybe remove dance scale and play you
guys dance
so you gonna chose your other battle
wounds no you have to wait till
tomorrow's vlog where I take my shirt
off and show you all my wounds there's
one one that you guys didn't see and
that was from last night we went
horseback riding and Shay were shorts
and remember how he's allergic to all
animal things well no that was from the
grass we went paintballing and we're on
this little adventure and I didn't wear
shorts and it was just from running in
the grass running away from the pavement
you behinds all over my legs have hives
yeah you got - the horses so we're just
going
I decide that you're allergic babe I am
maybe so you can see a little bit yeah
you ever get out oh oh dude feels so
good to get you you know when you're not
supposed to itch and it's like don't it
you don't intuitive it's like Oh
Wow
every kid needs a good beaten once well
we got in like days favors no that is
actually idea what are you getting for
me what to do what can't to put if you
have like mom's spaghetti my tours and
spaghetti your body oh I hate when
SpaghettiOs bite I know these are wearin
SpaghettiOs and also there's like potato
by the keto bytes are the words I hate
McGill vitamin what kind of overrides oh
that's right you put toothpaste on
spaghettified I remember oh she's based
on mosquitos yeah you're a little bit
some toothpaste on a toothbrush go ahead
baby tars I know what you paste on
anything they don't even think about it
and then it will just go away Oh Brad
guards are you texting oh how do you
know it so we just got back it was like
a seven-hour drive back from central
Idaho to our home like two of those
hours were on a dirt road we are at this
Lodge called the Salmon River Lodge for
three days the amani time
Oh
flatulation modulation little child
create such a large stitch Wildwood is
out there Tech in a way fun tickle your
brother no I got on Adult Swim see how
fast like tickle em good girls damn good
so anyways me and Colette or away Edward
the salmon river lodge and it's like a
four-hour drive then you have this dirt
road it's a good two hour drive and then
you go to the very very end of this dirt
road and then you think you're there you
think you're in the middle of nowhere
but they never take a boat across the
river to this lodge that we stayed up
for three days and we'll tomorrow we'll
have a ton of footage it was really fun
but we're back we're back were on
vacation and
Rob cards frustrated cuz he can't
download his favorite ass games working
like you wants to the game is like one
and try to sell an upgraded version get
over here here Senna
vinegar okay set up Cheerilee yay
first-rate conjectural nice try that
security Senath see me in touch the room
would be stand up straight ready
don't go the ceiling does it maybe
wanted you to always catch them I don't
know how you turn caridy me and baby
tart used to do this a lot and she was
that you were in this pen sister
actually they set up I guess nice or
water's buried it go get it go get the
water
oh my goodness oh my goodness there's a
fire oh it's giggly time around the
Shaytards here I crazy monkeys put your
rock card
hey what are you doing you on Daddy's
phone what's he watchin
it sounds like he's watching some music
look at him
you guys are bugging me what is it
that's good
what is it his focus and hard on that
isn't he rocked I forget to smile from
you bud don't bug me gosh
oh I see what you're watching
he shows us come here rock face come
show daddy come here bring you here come
here come show guys I wanna see no
laughing yes what is this some kind of
deformed Autobot Autobot will destroy
hey you know what comes out tonight
Batman oh it does it's like midnight
showings The Dark Knight Rises what when
Carly Todd was here with us we bought
Batman a beginning we should watch it
that might be a little dark for you
though nine year old the beginning
though isn't that the older about Batman
no I saw I don't remember you watch that
was it scary see they just said we're
doing all these movies yeah well anywho
souls we're back Shaytards are back
regular videos I guess won't necessarily
start tomorrow because it's just me and
Colette at the ranch but there's some
really cool scenery and we did some fun
stuff and rock card says I love you over
about it and this is rock towards new
baby brother honey now we're gonna tell
about the new baby with I just kidding
we did not make any new babies gushers
put those away sugar princess alright
we're making dinner we're back together
as a family back in the saddle again
back with the family again hey rock face
McGillicuddy get your shoes off the
counter what does that move you're doing
over there just chill who dad dad dad
dad dad all right we'll see you guys
tomorrow
Baris if I can still laugh about cuz why
all right say bye see you guys tomorrow
bye
