hi I'm login here good day today we're
starting off a little pop where we got
what are we doing
who are you this is our old alma mater
we are celebrating being a family
together and then we ordered wings and
then princess chard said after we're
sitting here for a minute we're waiting
drawings like wait and then there's a
dead bird that just arrived on the table
oh oh so we totally failed at me last
Monday because we were feeling nostalgic
and like we wanted to come someplace
that you know we've been a million times
literally in this booth honey this is
the booth where I very first came
how did did we go Harley guys were right
here I kept remember I was sitting right
there and Carly was right there yeah
number after our first date meanwhile um
you guys listen to this story me and mom
went on our first date we went
wakeboarding and then it was that night
I think us that night after the date
Colette had to work work she worked
here as a waitress and so me and a bunch
of my friends came and I brought Carly
my sister and she was well how old was
she at the time you know she was a
pretty you know blonde girl and so I
showed up with Carly and I remember
Colette I kind of look at her like who's
this who's this girl I just went on a
dating a girl and then look closer I got
to them I looked at her and I could
totally see the resemblance
did you know it's her yeah I did like
instantly I was like that is definitely
we have another dead baby here on our
hands
sleeping in the booth so yeah we have a
lot of history if you've been watching
Shaytards for a long time you know the
winger's is like it's running through
our veins the leaner sauce is my bit my
arm really hard winner sauce would come
out because Colette worked here as we
just like five years and a lot of
memories in this place so I've sat in
this booth alone dozen times 20 times
maybe how many times you sat in this
booth maybe tizzle what do you think 10
times she's probably right honestly 18
gonna up your ante here I'll see your
ten and raise you eight I'm all-in for
random number guesses
she always says like 78 Oh 70 60 for
luck how are those wings princess tizzle
hey listen were you mad at me yesterday
when I ran over your foot everybody in
the comments was saying I was a total
jerk dad because I didn't say I'm sorry
I had a girl I love you I don't know why
anyways princess TARDIS spine she's a
very tough young lady and if she was
hurt as her daddy I would make sure that
she was okay but I know how strong she
was and I really didn't run her over
that part if I knew that I would hit her
hard I would have you know made sure she
was fine but my princess hearts that you
comment sir please this is what happens
when you eat at wingers thank you my
good idea take a picture of it and I'll
show it to you and then we'll wipe it
out right here
did you bring your my name is Senator
Barry look it something here look at her
trying to hold events to Mary of a mere
little purse two little girls yeah mom
just got it on her first you know where
that first came from I made it my mommy
made it and I have to show you the
little let's show them the tag on it I'm
seriously okay look at my fingers so
I'll just try not to
get the camera realistic it's on the
side you see right there she had she had
like a tag that would show us C and a
because her name was Colleen on my desk
if you see that was like for Brandi we
also need to get it you see that you see
it both hairspray there and cheering I'm
prepare I'm prepared we got about wipes
for you stick yeah it'll be sick get her
girls that'll teach you to leave us for
four days son tired get in there and
give a little tickle going don't grab
your home's boob burger that's my job
bra Oh your heads in the way and the
little one just still sleeps away hey
hey you guys why your armpits nasty hey
do you guys remember where we sat right
before this little guy came into the
world yes we're over there run over
there we sat in that booth if you go
back to the where is the babies that
what is called or the babies here
it was the day before we're sitting in
that booth right over there right before
this little man came into our lives
let's see - look at us oh that's creepy
okay now that we just totally gorged
ourselves on wings and chicken
sandwiches and ice cream and the likes
we totally devastated meatless Monday we
decided to do an activity that will burn
some calories so we're gonna go
rollerskating yes since me and Colette
are sporting our pink toe nails we
decided we need to run to Walmart and
grab some socks real quick because they
don't really like when you have your
sweaty feet in their skates at the
roller rink you guys ready to go skating
she's crapping and she's singing a song
about dead yourself let's hear this rap
honey who's rapping let's hear it yes I
know I'm here we'll get him look at
Mohawk brah what do you got there what
do you have to buy a new stroller just
cuz I broke the other one oh yeah kinda
the wheel came off in an epic race on
the 4th of July
rocked hard and I were racing Cooper and
Kent and we lost a will sometimes that
happens to the best drivers do don't
turn your back on me we didn't go to the
pit stop standing up I'm sorry I thought
I could make it to the finish line
before way to go to the pit stop so what
happened this week opens pit stop mm
speaking of pit stop daddy needs to go
in the potty stop okay go state it
we think that skating place might be
close I'd be a total bummer look at son
tard oh nice ah check the other door
check them both are they only pulled on
one what if the other ones open pull the
other door dog yeah dude don't worry
what if there what if the other sides
open you gotta try yeah
oh crap alright try the special knock
try the special knock in the past bird
you know the special knock you got a
seat listen here's what you gotta do
dude you need to put your lips on the
crease of where the two doors meet and
say duh Lita let me in please
bran dude they're coming Security's
coming hurry hurry Ron Ron Ron Ron dude
seriously hurry that guns here you get
in wait you can't get into your dance
you're stuck outside get a dog yeah yeah
yeah we all right
skating place is closed so we have to go
to pole that's the kind of like bowl
come with a pee you ready dude you'll
find some balls and throw them down the
lane princess tart that's the wrong lane
bro they be tired with the orange ball
there goes good thing they have the
bumpers ladies and gentlemen or else
this would be a zero score game cuz
you're that one say yours there's a
crazy man wool wow he is coming to save
that ball
did you make it you got three knocked
down all right you got to pick up six
pins can you do it Keith huh bro I'm
gonna get him down do you believe do you
believe in yourself let's see it's down
the middle
oh it's curving though maybe that bumper
will kick it back in the middle oh
you're gonna miss the spare my friend
that is a slow rolling ball Oh
gutter ball right at the last minute
that's unfortunate do your gutter ball
dance you have a gutter ball dance
that's worth not hitting any pins every
time I hope you have a better gutter
ball dance than that one that was
amazing up next s money also known as
son tard let's see I did throw strike
down there nice was a good throw didn't
even need the bumpers Oh curved last
minute nice throw man do you have a
seven pin hit down Jam dance gym some
mommy turn aka the hotness hey do you
want to bet on something maybe we should
bet what foot massages and ice cream and
all kinds of other things it happen like
chocolate gift row center
this one over here down there oh that's
gonna take a few that's gonna take a
minute the guy said that we could use
those ramps over there I guess there's
ramps for the kid oh they like they can
like just push them down it might be
good ramps
jump um we can jump the kids and the
ball yeah there it goes there let's see
let's watch it watch it
oh now push it hard oh don't throw it
just roll it really hard
bend down and roll it good job okay good
through the family affair he uses the
art of telekinesis to push his ball down
the lane he loves disruption you're over
the line up penalties nice dude nice
nice hey the hotness it's your turn
Pete Ezell you're up on Lane nine there
she goes
can she do it let's go princess card
nice nice backspin on that thing it's
gonna hit it it's gonna hit it there
Zack might get a strike right there baby
come on come on hit that sweet spot Oh
not bad hey give me five man job
cards learning how to take turns
yeah yeah terrible twos are definitely
in effect get it get it mom
get him mom get him mom he knocked out a
good portion there go spread to start
you're getting better at it dude you
like actually throwing them balls down
the lane well I think it's just cuz
you're getting stronger are you getting
stronger get rock pace its baby turn
turn okay Rock card it's your turn you
ready here comes your ball you ready
here comes there it is
get it get it go ahead it's your turn
it's your turn I'm gonna go at the
orange one Pink's with girls dad don't
you know that draw a heart
here we go don't just talk about le vay
I'm sure the owners of this place hate
us by now all right daddy turns up and
I'll just do the dance for him
you got your ball yeah daddy we're gonna
try something new here we're try the
ramp Oh golly I'm so glad I did not get
his toe it's like let's get around slow
dropping her ready set go
I think it is enough on a girl what was
a great idea it's a dangerous sport
it really is all right shake give us a
strike babe or not so I don't have to
massage your feet it's like golf we're
both having a funk you guys missed it
but I totally threw the ball behind Oh
oh yeah is one of those dates all right
son charts show everybody how this is
done he's got the best form curve you
know Oh left one standing okay baby
let's see it
last time I threw the balls will grab
see if centaur can pick up this spare
look at that foot behind-the-back Oh
rats good formal a stick good for him
all right let's see if you can do this
one all by himself without any help mr.
power baby get the orange one grab the
orange one it's the lighter one this
guy's been having a rough couple days
let's see if you do it all by yourself
man yeah get up on the thing don't help
it mom let him do it get it up there get
it up there push it push it there you go
good job all right Prince is tired get a
strike on this 100 yeah that's a strike
hey those are some great moves who cares
about the bowling man the dancing is
what I'm here for
nice all right they be tired after you
Bowl I need to see your very best dance
move okay oh I know it's so annoying you
wanna use that all right don't forget
very best dance move you got where's the
dance move I don't see the dance move
here she goes
putting it on the cheat rack this is
like ultimate treating they have a rack
here and bumpers it's like a no-lose
situation here except for she has a 7 4
6 10 split and she goes right down the
middle
holy crap Foley's the rain is coming
down look at this Wow
Oh like hail balls all over the
trampoline I dare you to go jump on it
no I don't want to and five minutes
later it's bright and sunshiny huh what
do you think about this weather Pete
Issel it's pretty crazy right one minute
it's raining ice in the next minute it's
sunshiny Ray's in your face what's your
baby's name
Oh gonna issue and whisper into your ear
what her name is no my name is Alexia
said her name yeah
oh I see yeah yes I knew it
gonna put Lexia in the bird cage you
should put her in there I'd create
people out that's Frankie and Sam they
flew away huh
put Alexia in the bird cage get it let's
go see a stupid baby oh hey guys welcome
to the inflate I hope you're all doing
well today if you guys are wondering why
Shea's not on the n slate today and
where he is you can click the video to
your right and see a video that Shay
actually uploaded earlier today on
Shaytards in case you missed it that's
to your right and you can get all the
information you need in that video right
there and then to your left of course we
have yesterday's vlog as usual and in
the middle we have the 1 2 & 3 for what
the Shaytards are doing one year ago two
years ago and three years ago and just a
quick little tip the video from 3 years
ago you can catch Shay lifting Charles
Trippy above his head okay as is
everything for today and as always thank
you for watching and bye
