and che is looking at me and he goes I
love you too you'd like the most
important thing in my life but nothing
comes before my family you know what it
feels like to feel nostalgic I mean I've
never seen you starstruck what's going
on you know like you want to have a
keepsake something to remember good
times by no I'm saying bro here we are
here we are back we've data good morning
we're eating bananas we're going on
panels vlog you mentoree is finished
your job just one graduation me
congratulations you guys here we sold
the movie to YouTube which is very
exciting
your NBL see it very soon we're gonna go
make an announcement on stage right now
all of the questions three years of the
wins log you men are coming out now not
nothing that man role no not answering
now never person and we know you're
tired of hearing that but it is
officially done because we've sold the
movie YouTube saw the movie they like
the movie and they bought the movie you
know it's really cool it's not up to us
anymore
amen we got it done but I'm are and
tubes gonna rest YouTube star gonna like
how cool posters and stuff I can't wait
for that
like cool aha marketing you guys will
probably see posters of the movie start
you know because YouTube will start
promoting so that's very cool alright
let's go on this panel this girl is
waiting for us we're coming sorry
love you look at her point under watch
we gotta go oh my goodness
accepting them on stage you want to
bring my
I can hear him yelling at me from
onstage because I am my father my camera
YouTube red has purchased login oh yeah
that was pretty cool Susan Wojcicki who
is the boss over YouTube announced that
the movie is being purchased by YouTube
rep so you're like yeah who cares what
does that mean for us when do we get to
see the movie
very soon so we're figuring out with
YouTube and there's a lot of specific
circumstances and we're going to figure
out all of those details for example I
just had a curiosity how many people
donated to blog you memory back in the
day awesome thank you you will not have
to pay to see the boot loan yet I
deserve an hour worry about it there's
probably about two people like I don't
have YouTube red or maybe I don't live
in a country as a Canadian I don't know
in a country where there is YouTube red
we got to figure all of that out but
it's confirmed
YouTube has vlog you memory which is
normally there so tweet it's been a free
to have your thing and we realize that
a lot of people are frustrated because
they want to see the movie right now and
that's because we're at this YouTube
environment where it's like we're
turning around content when right that's
one of the biggest advantages that we as
youtubers have is that we can produce
and create content cheap and fast and
get it out there for you guys to see in
the movie world it's not so much one of
the biggest frustrations that we've had
is just the process of time that it's
taken to like but contracts right it's
like okay cool we got Morgan Spurlock on
board or you're poets in this production
team and then that's like a whole other
set of contracts and negotiations and
lawyers and it's like the lawyer won't
get to it for a week and then he sends
it back because there's like a Mis type
thing and it's just like a red tape
jungle that you don't want to be a part
of so people are tweeting like where's
the vlog like where's the movie I'm like
what the lawyer would finish the thing
it backs looks like a lot of frustrating
clerical things like that but the good
good news is that we finally figured all
that out cross the t's dotted the eyes
and the movie is sold to YouTube red
very good questions here's an idea of
iced tea sounds questions if you could
hashtag argument VidCon and please tweet
us in your questions if you could change
anything about the movie or the movie
process what would you change
I mean obviously I would I would change
that it would be done and like you guys
have already seen it but that would take
away from the things
and Eva Morgan Spurlock just set of
pictures with this baby there's this
baby he has a newborn baby how about
telling you guys all just said aw hold
on
you know let's say I've watched every
shape lock am I really going to get
anything out of watching vlogging memory
and the answer is yes because we did the
interviews and we sat down with charles
or i sat down with Shay and I and I knew
when people were putting on the public
face and when we were interviewing shame
he would tell a story and even get hyper
these are talking like this I like Shay
bring it down and let me see inside of
you - really are you all the security
guard is like oh thank you very much you
should check out the movie come on
that's true or I did a great job of
interview because you know it's hard to
get youtubers to open up because they
have their standard canned answers right
where they've done the million
interviews about what they do and how
they got into it but to get the stuff
out of them that they don't share that's
really what we are going for this movie
those things it's really interesting is
what a youtuber says of themself versus
what other people say about them so when
I interview che and I want to learn
about Shay I can ask to say about
himself but then I can ask gonna let
about shape or I can ask for Charles
Trippy about shape
and you're going to get a much fuller
picture and Shay is looking at me and he
goes I love you too needed like the most
important thing in my life but nothing
comes before my family
Oh tongue
we're gonna get the camera rustling I
want to be the vlogger I want to be the
vlogger and then he said Gavin tell me
what we're doing I'm so we're meeting
Julie here today from make-a-wish hey
Julie hey she wanted to be in the vlog
so we said yes do you have anything you
want to say to all the people watching
if you have a dream um come see if the
makeup with hair day what make you doing
oh that's so sweet
thank you for saying that that's a
perfect message Jackson did we give her
a trixin shirt just like yours they just
got a picture together it's adorable you
want to do any more vlogging Brock are
you done oh all right here take it
fire we're gonna cut all this up not
good footage this is not compelling no
one will watch this hey hope you leave
this part in ladies ladies are here too
we're just chatting
pastas spaghetti or macaroni which is
better leave your comment below Brock
says Sam macaroni is the best then
macaronis cheesiest okay we're done we
just got to hang out with Julie and talk
Chad Julia sorry Julia I'm an idiot you
should do that again anyway isn't now
we're gonna go sorry
punch Gavin in the face I'm a turd this
camera off I said J money it's good B
yeah try Mona you're no hos that's her
nickname I had a good time hanging out
she's gonna go swim in the kids are
trying to talk us into go into
Disneyland of course as a good father
I'm saying no but they're very
convincing all right it's good to meet
you guys
we're leaving bye Julia thanks for
watching I love you how are you nummies
starstruck right now I mean I've never
seen you starstruck what's going on I am
like half the mornings I wake up she's
watching nerdy nummies I come into the
kitchen yeah I'm sick of it you should
stop you should delete your channel not
joke in there Tuscan this is our very
last VidCon commitment we're headed to
now last day of VidCon this is a cool
part they have a mentorship program
we're gonna go meet Todd type Adam Sun
come down be Todd on both overall with
bobby and his tricks inland hey Bobby
are you looking pretty stylish for this
tricks and lanyard are you getting a lot
of compliments on it everyone's like
we're gonna get it what do you tell
Bobby wait how did you get that um hey
do you guys like this lanyard my little
brother Logan made it do you think it's
you like it you give them away good then
one get that one hurry where you guys
want one okay she's gonna give you one
here yeah you guys each get one trixin
you gotta wear like your key codes yeah
yes put him on don't let me see you
without him ladies we're going to meet
Todd
see they like them anyways Bobby see I
saw
hi I'm blog in here what's up buddy
how's it going hey you want to be my
blog too late you already are
oh this is amazing you know what um hey
there's the kids they're upstairs hello
hi shaycarl hair not weird to see me
turn the can do you have you be honest
Todd yes see selfish this is the first
thing that I'm asking how many of our
vlogs have you seen hundreds really I've
been watching you so you really watched
us yes since the very beginning like one
of my favorites of yours which isn't
even fast I guess it is a little bit
when you guys first met out of debt and
you're calling Dave Ramsey hmm like that
was so huge and as a dad that yeah well
it resonates with you right yeah being a
college student like what do you guys do
not like Sallie Mae Pena there so
anyways okay so let me tell you about
Todd real quick you know her she's
always with me I love her anyways so
they do this mentorship program at
VidCon where it's like new and upcoming
how would you describe what would you
describe it as you might better draw up
and come out yeah it's like how do I get
into this space I wanna like talk to a
top youtuber and so yes so then they
know right right exactly and so then
they pair up people and me and Todd boy
got here what cuz we're chubby bearded
dudes what's going on VidCon anyways so
they send me the email and I'm like okay
I gotta do this mentorship thing
whatever blah blah let me check this guy
out
I watched your intro video about the
video games saved to them you will
ranked what in the world in what video
game real quick tugs uh I was remember
like in the top five in the world in
column duty or
just like it so I'm going to show you
the video let's go it right now and then
right when we come back from that video
you tell me if you want to help this
guys make youtube a job or a dream is it
what it'd be a dream drive it's my dream
for sure okay so watch this video and
then when you come back let me know if
you want to subscribe to this guy roll
it shaycarl when you edit this later and
late tonight at the hotel room stop
eating room service Shae seriously put
it down you don't need it just drink
some water stop shake stop eating hey
there my name is Todd and here's my
story in my adolescence I really only
cared about three things
baseball girls and video games not
necessarily in that order I was really
only good at to the three and I'll let
you guess which one was left out like
meatloaf said two out of three ain't bad
but today I'm talking about one of my
earliest passions video games video
games were always there night day rain
or shine my parents got me a Super
Nintendo when I was little and I was
immediately hooked
I played anything and everything I could
get my hands on I even started
collecting and playing older systems it
became an obsession
I played pitfall on the Atari 2600 for
hours on end
the Atari NES Sega Genesis Super NES ps1
and 2sec Saturn Dreamcast GameCube Xbox
and Xbox 360 the Wii game Weber Travoy
and my personal favorite the n64 I
played them all I was a gamer pretty
damn good one too
I was once ranked as one of the top Call
of Duty players in the world on xbox so
that was the thing hey guys we are in
July forever it's been locked Oliver was
the last time I saw you you see how big
it is I love it so much it's so much
hair fabulous what it is yeah we've been
hanging out talking for probably yeah
yeah yeah I was supposed to be out like
trying to meet folk and I'm gonna do
that right now
I am I
I see my homie you know her it was only
: I didn't see everybody but I'm glad I
got to have someone one time with you
yeah the ladies didn't come but that's
okay
we'll get together an Idaho nigga yes
what I'm banking on yes
Idaho we'll make it happen cheetah Queen
B yeah lose the video cause I said we
want a music video y'all heard a video
for girls half the lyrics I wrote the
chorus angellist what with the rest
morning that's what you're after
mm-hmm as are wrestling through the room
well feed each other
oh if they're laughing and not screaming
at each other that's a good sign I'd say
whoa whoa whoa that is a wrap VidCon
2016 number seven I can't believe it's
over that quick like just the other day
we were pulling into the Anaheim
Convention Center and I felt so
nostalgic thinking wow it's been seven
years of crazy memories I can't believe
we're doing this again and now it's like
I can't believe we're done I don't know
but I want to keep it for nostalgia sake
Brock okay Brock have you ever felt
nostalgic come here my friend do you
know what it feels like to feel
nostalgic you know like you want to have
a keepsake something to remember good
times by no I'm Sam Braun well you will
as you have more life experience trying
to drop some knowledge but all's I'm
asked to do is move my big fat meat hook
anyways we had a blast VidCon was cool
Daxton this is your second VidCon did
you like it was it better than the first
yeah yeah you approve you have any
complaints for John and Hank Rock has
been to every single VidCon all right we
locked rocked and ready to roll
go right now going out download all this
luggage say giddyup buckaroo yeah here
we go
excuse me excuse me excuse me
we're - sir say to the west side bonus
Beauty California knows how to pack in
California Oh see you later thank you
slide that when the security guard knows
your two-year-old by name you know
you've been a difference let's it can
man it was magic I was magic Saxton Jeff
on a VidCon on the back right here your
suitcase yeah bro I got lots of muscles
let's see if I can work ready Gideon
okay gotta call security
security please see that small blond
child out of the building there he goes
thank you guys for all your help this
weekend you guys drop you guys are the
real OG shut up shake Carla's the Ryoji
vlogger what thank you sir thanks sir on
that now we're out of here Thank You
VidCon great time has really been
traveling all weekend through this
shuttle got ourselves some moosh walks
socks and some memories thank you
we rolling out we rollin out thanks for
all the help everybody appreciate it
appreciate it see you guys all right
we're saying goodbye to VidCon the best
part best part oh there's a truck in the
way who would park right in the middle
of the speed bump
oh oh it's not really working because
we're too heavy now yeah there's these
bumps up here on the parking lot like
these rivets and if you get going about
60 miles now and asking that I was doing
that just per se so you can get this
thing a rocket makes VidCon we out of
here yeah I was a black alright last
chance to get some subscribers ask these
guys to subscribe to us hey will you
guys subscribe to our videos it's called
the Shaytards no don't say that young
man watch your language I love you no
it's alright what's up letting thank you
really thank you good to meet you buddy
watch your language just good lucky man
see you guys that was hilarious
what what's up by day I love you too hi
guys
did you have a good VidCon are you guys
coming back next year so you approve of
VidCon all right love you guys thanks
for coming thumbs up our videos or we'll
find you that was weird
okay we're gonna drive away and are in
our white van now I got a van full of
children Kevin said he doesn't have
candy he lied to us the light is not
turning green so it's getting awkward I
thought we'd be able to drive away by
now but it's just saying red oh here we
go
guess where we're going
we are okay cool Wow les Mela barbecue
barbecue barbecue barbecue barbecue
yummy yeah let the bubbles hit the flow
let the bubbles here to fill let the
bubbles hit that shhh
Josh no tranny pool no maybe that's a
bad joke
hey Rufus we're in the swimming pool
guys I sit down at my computer to see
what you have done so far today it's
just nice see reality it's just a cool
family be good to each other
