hi I'm login here so the ladies have
been playing something fun out here and
I have to know what is going on because
it looks so exciting what is going on
ladies you've got a monkey in the tree
and two bears climbing the tree but in a
giant lizard they're all sleep what is
that
whoopsies tie your tiger oh and guess
what the horse and the baby horse Oh
baby no baby oh boy shake you know what
a baby horse is called a colt
ya know I'm probably wrong but that's
what I think so what are you playing
what is this game zoo oh well um that's
cool that you have a Tiber on your farm
and a giant lizard and a monkey it sort
of seems more like a zoo it could be a
farm okay it could be far in orbit in a
little bit here that's so fun do you
have names for all your animals
yeah maybe kind of kinda sorta give me
something else what a little bit oh is
that a baby tiger looks sort of like a
dolphin or a whale it's a baby tiger
sure oh okay baby tigers look kind of
like sharks or dolphins or whales so
that's cool look what else they have on
the farm oh it looks like a leftover
chip and so donuts have found it mmm
delicious
what is the ants that told the family
their whole family if there's a chip
right there the ant told the family and
now they're getting little pieces of the
chip and they're taking it back to their
house what do you think they live there
going into this grass right here but I
don't know where their little boy is so
that's kind of fun you got an ant farm
on your zoo farm as well that's so
exciting
Bart nothing to do okay and that's not
it that's not a Rocco barn
well it could be those ones are actually
kids are so fast
all right are we boring you to death
with our ant farm ha so Shay went for a
run today and I'm getting kind of
worried about it because it's hot it's
really hot this morning and he's been
gone for a little while but I know he's
probably trying to go on a long run to
prepare for the marathon half marathon I
can't say marathon it's a half marathon
I'm not quite there yet I'll get there
hey are you gonna run a half marathon
Sunday no I need to keep the plane farm
until I die okay well I've done five
chips just eat chips and play farm
that's what life's all about really who
cares about anything else
all right I came downstairs to get a
little workout Christmas card wants to
join me I'm naughty sweaty and I just
started we're gonna punch that punch a
bag get it get it flick the start
fight fight fight good job okay great
chess man is that why you're gonna have
her lunch
yeah I don't think so I'm gonna have to
pull the plug on this chip party started
you're doing so good though keep it up
keep it up you'll be like I kick
anybody's butt hey Rock target not one
it's up it's like don't talk to me I
just stir goodbye a really hot burrito
we made quinoa burritos do you wanna buy
it yeah Lana it's yummy
we gonna eat it inside oh he wants to
grab okay okay
I'll catch it for you that was all ran
alongside silly like that fight was good
I didn't get any vegetables in that bite
house all tore Atilla
oh yeah going to town on that quinoa
burrito that good do you think Sun tard
say yummy
dude he's lovin that they be tired what
do you think that's enough it on a chip
and he got mad at me so I don't know he
likes it I mean a bit into my how I
think about that couldn't be the reason
all right so we just made keen wall yes
we did right here if you want to see it
I'm editing right now but it's up
because I'm gonna put upload then check
it out there's a link right here right
here you go Trish a las tres tres
shayloss and see how we made it I did a
whole tutorial on how to make this it's
really healthy and delicious and that's
what we're having for dinner its
rock-hard approved kind of oh no I got
you white you keep taking magic taking
bites of it and said take your quinoa
burrito back well the other kids like it
it's not a good percent can approve yeah
hmm he's like you need some ear give me
let me try yours
can you try your quinoa burrito they're
always the same take all how some of
these chips they look they look safe mmm
chips and cheese you can't go wrong with
that rock Don eraser
around that stretch he's showing some
promise and a lot of fury of this pink
dress you're crazy you wear what I don't
even know what yeah I got totally
hamming it up camera I don't even know I
can you're like oh yeah this is gonna be
on YouTube I got a move I got a balloon
around the corner like Oh
ready your first fish look at him what
are you doing what what it matches my
thumbnail what did you say gopher
Cooper's blog we're gonna write your
blog bro today my cousin - the funniest
thing
where'd you get that dude seriously your
sister baby jar put that on you know you
fill out you that's y'all faster you go
right go
where are you going
are you fretting right over my toes are
you trying to run over Mike Oh baby no
yeah crazy I teach you get for feeding
them quinoa for dinner
the sauce is really good you like it
what did you make Oh make bean water day
she made homemade salsa
what's it gonna get shut out well I
think you're not in the cool crowd
anymore
all right later dude see ya bye
jump it dude she's backing up getting a
dart whoo all right it is 3:30 in the
morning I was gonna go to bed an hour
and a half ago but then I somewhere saw
this I've heard about this movie it's
called fat sick and nearly dead you
might have heard of it here's the
beginning of it
robot median presents a joke cross him a
reason to stay up way past your bedtime
so this is a movie about juicing
basically at about a guy who goes on a
60-day juice fast and loses like 60
pounds and then another guy who was like
a hundred and fifty pounds or something
amazing amazing movie if you have Hulu
it's free I'm pretty sure you can just
go I'm not even logged on to my Lulu and
I just watch this for free watch it
right now is I highly highly recommend
it fat sick and nearly dead it will
change your life and if it doesn't then
you will probably die an early death
whoo man just watching some of the
people in this it's just like I want to
grab them and be like make a change oh
so glad I did oh let me show you this
somebody just tweeted this to me I'm
embarrassed to even show you guys this
guy says Christopher lateen thank you
for tweeting this to me so Shay crawl
your image in a Dutch article about
reasons for heart attacks good thing you
started eating healthier here's me in
some I Ken and Morita because it's in
Dutch but here's a picture of me at Buca
di Beppo us in the world's biggest bowl
of spaghetti as a giant man with a giant
fork full of spaghetti makes me like
embarrassed for myself just like I
almost feel like a laughingstock like a
good job Shay you are in your world
record holder for jumping in the world's
largest bowl of spaghetti it's like how
did I let myself get to that and if I
can do it
you can do it I didn't you know I didn't
use any fancy pills or anything like
that it's all hard work and what I've
been saying fruits and vegetables fruits
and vegetables have 70 percent water
content your body has 70 percent water
content go watch this movie fat sick and
nearly dead and make a change in your
life if you need to make the change you
know who you are so glad that I lost 115
pounds I can't believe I let myself get
that way you know it's like talk about a
cool watch this movie anyways I'm gonna
go to bed now but um
fruits and vegetables man it'll keep you
alive and that's what we need you know
all this other crap so do we get rid of
it go watch his movie okay have I said
that have I mentioned that about this
movie anyways I just got done watching
and now I'm just like I can't sleep
because I'm just like I feel very
motivated to spread this good news of
juicing and fruits and vegetables it's
incredible
I'll believe a link below so go watch
the movie oh one other thing
this person Henry tweeted this picture
says looking sexy che winky face look at
me oh my gosh here's me and Shane Dawson
at a take 180 shoot I remember exactly
how I felt that morning sick embarrassed
like look how big I was this was some
silly video that we made I can't recycle
what the video was but I was giant cut
my arm was like a slab of beef I
remember waking up that morning and just
feeling like crap you know oh so glad I
changed my body like oh my gosh just
look at that picture makes me sick put a
pretty handsome in' in my makeup there's
me Shane Dawson anyways if like I said
if I can do it you can do it work hard
and just go out there and change what
you're doing because you're gonna die if
you don't know I'm that's kind of
extreme not not all of your gonna die
but you'll feel so much better I feel so
much better
oh I can't even it's like I wanted to
reach through the computer screen and
like shake you if you're one of those
people who you know knows exactly how I
felt you know heartburn snoring all
those things though they've all gone
away I remember I used to have to eat a
handful of tums before I went to bed
every night and I have the worst
heartburn I would snore really bad I
don't do any of that anymore
snoring totally gone away heartburn I
haven't had a tums or a zantac for you
know a year or whatever however long
it's been but man go watch that movie
okay and then tweet me old fat pictures
of myself so I can
punch my nose in it motivates me when I
see those pictures now it's like never
again never again you know I'm thriving
I feel so healthy I have so much more
energy I ran out I went on a 10-mile run
today and it just you can do it too
okay if you haven't made that mighty
change of heart yet do it go watch a
movie and make a change okay sorry for
the rant
it's 3:30 at night I'm having a bed now
good Thank You Shay for inspiring us
once again hey guys welcome to the
insulate and speaking of Shay inspiring
us did you know that Shay is running for
president yep that's right Shay Carl
himself is running for president and to
learn more about that you can click the
link to your right and if you missed
yesterday's vlog it's of course to your
left as usual and then we have the 1 2 &
3 in the middle for what the Shaytards
were doing one year ago two years ago
and three years ago
okay guys is everything for today and as
always the Shaytards be back tomorrow
bye
