hi I'm logging here Oh Road here I just
can't wait to get on the road again
seeing people and in places I had been I
just can't wait to learn the words this
song on the highway yeah alright so
we're talking about fires check it out
there's a big billowing blaze going on
up on that mountain right there luckily
it's not down here a guy at our hotel
last night said a lot of people are
getting stopped on the interstate
because they're closing the roads
because the fires are so bad it's kind
of crazy this year there's a lot of fire
that's sort of surprising to firework
teams right I was really surprised to
see fireworks last night all right
we just stopped we had some lunch rocked
art is eaten fourteen bag of nacho
cheese Doritos baby charts back there
reading her book eating her Cheetos and
I only have nine toes what are you doing
back there son tiful
chilling out who's having the best road
trip of their life
what do you planted angry what is that
oh I love that game
no you you don't just hold it down and
it's like gravity you're like trying to
throw up and let me show you how to play
that game rock dart will you teach your
sister how to play with the iPad he's
the expert he's torn up I mean a green
blob dart say iPad iPad say my dad is
rad
thank you say not bad rad dad say my dad
is rad big gauge
say dad is rad say mom is a bomb - mom
is mom mom is the bomb and my dad is rad
mom is the bomb and my dad is rad
yeah yeah yeah yeah I wish you had a mom
that's a bomb and a dad that's rad yeah
yeah I just made a my little rap wish
you had a mom that's mom and a dad
that's rad yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah say
my mom is Bob said my mom is the bomb
say my mom is the bomb man look my mom
has a nice bomb my mom has a nice bum
bum yeah wish you had a mom that's bomb
and a dad that's rad yeah yeah yeah yeah
break it down one time okay wait on it
you're getting let them go boom kaboom
boom boom
road trips are I wanna be a cowboy
sweetheart
I wanna learn to rope and ride i wanna
ride on the plains of the desert at west
of the Great Divide or in Idaho to Kyle
Talon
oh that's in the West
Nihal be a cowboy sweet how are you
ready princess time sing it part
Hey
put your seatbelt on how does that kick
out of his seat no it is smarter than he
what your belt on you Butthead hey car
seat companies you need to come up with
a better strap this kid knows how to get
out of them yeah a shoe yeah your shoe
leave your psyche harness on young man
we're gonna get it I'm gonna have to tie
over the top of the roof with some
bungee cords and duct tape sing it girl
and it's just crazy you can see my dad
man this is yeah this is mommy darks
dad's band you can see like the green of
the mountain and it burns see anyone a
filmy yo yo lo dije all you doin
yodeling is she say old lady over and
over him old lady old lady old lady put
my seat belt on
your lady or lay your leg your leg your
neck the only heroes they're here
that's what only your leg it's when you
don't want your voice to like hit your
mature level you want to stay in that
crackling area you're 14 you should
really try to heal yodeling is all about
I mean you're the best yodeler right
when you have a Verdi young man good
that's how your lien was embedded by
some 14 year old kid it's like wanted to
sing but all's he could do was y'all go
hey I'd say yeah that's the invention of
yodeling right there thanks puberty we
mate well we're not NIDA Howe yet but we
are almost there right here at KC's
house in the backyard and the kids are
out looking for a high now you guys find
a hideout you're gonna make a fort out
of KC's shed watch out for snakes dude
they'll come up and bite you right on
the nose
there's your cousin there's bronc seeing
your cousin Braley a reunion reunion no
hugs because I don't see each other for
like a week you's gonna play cool all
right is that the base level of your
fort you have to have a strong
foundation if you want to good form
good solid 2x4 ought to do it all right
let's see it backflip one nice it's been
a while since you've been on a
trampoline huh let's see it uno dos tres
a oh you flipped before you are ready
let's see it Bray Bray two three flip
dee dee doo dah whoa nice landed it that
was great seating land one dude one two
three well that was a quick flip
nice all right you guys be good all
right we're gonna go rock out to Kansas
you guys have a good time on the
trampoline
so here we are in Logan Utah we're going
to go to the Utah State football place
arena and watch Kansas rock and roll our
faces off
little known fact about shaycarl this is
where I was born I was born right here
in Logan Utah my parents met here
because my dad my dad's dad my grandpa
he owned a clothing store called the
Union here in Logan and my mom worked in
sales there it I'm to ask her sales
jewelry we'll ask them where they met
anyway so they were living here and they
had me they had their baby their very
first baby which was me here in Logan
Utah and Prentiss tart was also born
here in Logan Utah so me and Princess
tart were born in the same city and it's
pretty it's pretty very pretty it's
pretty pretty
I say it's pretty gorgeous but I said
it's pretty pretty a lot of duck huntin
right here my dad used to have a black
lab and bow after Bojangles and they
succumb huntin right here on this river
a lot pretty mountains you look back
here if the saw tells I think is I'm
going to call these giant giant
mountains yeah that's a pretty area did
I say it's pretty earth Brodie and then
when I very first started doing granite
countertops was here that's how I
started doing granite as me and mommy
tarde moved here because we were gonna
start this multi-level marketing thing
called ACN
we didn't do one thing for it so I
needed a job in the meantime before we
started making millions doing this
multi-level marketing thing and my mom
found this job somewhere like I don't
know where she found it in the one
that's probably and just said hey can
you can you carry you can carry like 50
pounds of stone countertops can't ya
I was like yeah dude I could carry a
million pounds if I had to and I started
working at a place here as a granite
laborer and so I started doing granite
and then the life went on from there man
as we went to Arizona de pesca fallin
that we did after this yeah ten remember
our lifetime and then you ended up doing
granite there then I got because I knew
oh that's right well I was selling pest
control in Phoenix the summer was coming
to an end and usually it was like a
summer gig you'd move out for the summer
to sell pest control and then move back
to wherever you came from and I remember
I sold a contract to this dude who had
this huge house with granite everywhere
it's like every kitchen and bathroom had
granted it and I was like I used to do
granite and I was like looking at it
he's like you did we're actually uh and
to come to find out he was like this
huge manager of Mesa fully-formed which
is a giant granite fabricator in Phoenix
and I gave me a job so then I started
doing granite in Phoenix then you know
we had another baby then Andy laughing
then where do we go after that and then
we move back to Idaho after that we
almost bought a house in Phoenix and
then it fell through so then we moved
back to Idaho
anyways timeline for Shay Carl's life
minder why don't you tell me that I have
a pair of glasses on my hat and on my
gosh it's like in case UV rays get
double strong I'll be like what up I got
two glasses yeah nobody's getting my
eyes hey do you remember what scumbags
we were when we had princess hard we had
no money and so we went and bought a cuz
we our car seat was in Idaho remember
and we needed it they we had to have a
car seat to leave the hospital so we
went and bought a car seat at Walmart
with like the last fifty dollars we had
and then we drove to Idaho with it and
then we know I returned we returned the
car seat back at Walmart because we
already had one and we didn't have
enough money to like
well we don't wanna have two car seats
you know so we basically because Walmart
has such a good return policy we bought
one here and Logan drove home with it
and then returned it got our money back
yeah it was thanks Walmart we appreciate
you letting us borrow that car seat
princess card was totally safe all right
here we are at the viel Utah State
Aggies it's like a giant bowl it's like
a double pole like the stadium but then
the mountains kind of like created
another one right cool my family todos
los familia there's mommy tarde the
pinch your bum real quick oh yeah mom
and dad happy fourth of July oh yeah
that's it appropriate check this view
out what a panorama huh
oh pretty so Kansas about to go on stage
and rock our faces off
and then you're gonna have fireworks and
dancing girls
what could you ask for more on your
Independence Day dancing girls and fire
in the sky with some rock and roll music
carry on my way all right here comes yet
yes ready
here they come out of America big planes
and trucks America
Carly why does she say did it looks like
the airplane had a wiener mom as a
refueling station
let me refuel you for a minute Oh
mr. Hawley live for shoe and
choreographed
might have heard this song before my
eyes
Oh
Oh
look at Casey
you have a mu start sitting on your
pantalones
we are
literally all we are all the eyes
think about it that's all we are
celebrate
so of like six Bob and I could don't
what do you think
yeah look blonde hairs are my favorite
hair of all the hairs
so like your hair be long enough that we
could like go down this tower and stuff
could i lock up girl with your hair
oh no they're all
calm down
okay so we're at the Kansas concert I'm
dancing my bum off but check out this
view it's the Golden Hour as they call
it on Instagram your instagramers is the
perfect time to take pictures because it
always looks beautiful no matter what
check it out
boo oh yeah oh yeah no you didn't Kansas
no you didn't don't you cry no Kari oh
my love is long
who doesn't love this song everyone
loves this song oh no it's happening
happening
you guys fight him when are we gonna get
Logan on a bro ventures case yes not
like I did you go watch our last bungee
jumping outhouse so dupe thumbs it up
yeah i favorited it i'm trying to get
him on too and he bailed out so
chickened out we would have logan on bro
ventures but eats chicken how do you
feel about dating a chicken ooh I just
met you and I put my finger up your nose
you don't want to date my brother I'll
put my finger up your nose
that's good that's good
and when it's dark dirt fireworks match
buff you slap in the face
kaeleen go on the drums you rockin the
drums dad video robot for us
dad's got the robot want me to get other
dance shimmy shimmy
don't you cry No
your name's on dad
dad is here theme song
yeah
oops sing it sing it
oh my skin started dog about to light
the sky on fire now I know man I wish we
had glow sticks get all the glowy glow
arsons in the audience here we go
yeah they're shooting all the
firefighters you can't see it oh yeah
barely barely can see that stream of
water in the distance firefighters are
shooting water all over the side of that
grassy hill
the vintage where The Grapes of Wrath
are stole he hath loosed the fateful
lightning of his kind of course with
sword is too
ah
oh we are
Oh
don't worry
goli ha
meaning
this was born
they're doing a faster than we didn't
have anywhere else
let's make
- friend
Lori Oliver
yes true small true
the lights in studio
it's American
this is definitely a firework song that
I'm used to hearing movie
hey people probably wondering where the
kids are at there were there and there
are they my mom's mom's on the road
again shut up can't wait to be on the
road again you're driving did you guys
have a blasty pants tonight yeah tell us
when you go to your uncle ng you rolled
four-wheelers we've known let's die
right before wheelers please we smoked
like you did pretty much everything fun
it sounds like a good old-fashioned
Idaho laughs you don't want to come with
us stop we are just bored the whole time
you're nothing to do you guys had a lot
fun we did we got to go got to go rock
out was fun man
my cousin watch the kids we got a text
where Sun tart said my uncle here what
did you say to him sundar
you're pretty much one of the best
babysitter's I got to ride four-wheelers
and ride horses and skip rocks in a
ditch and chased rabbits and they ate
sticks to any snakes Oh Oh what I mean
you haven't experienced in full-on Idaho
you talk scary
try the shakes they do have a left hand
they live on a farm
that's why that's what on farms and the
more aminals Ellis will have to go back
there and blog the pony rides next
but if you change the kravitz to
flashing to dine what if you chase the
rabbits too much their hearts going
really fast cuz you guys like it giant -
like I wanna play with you foggy little
rabbit there are and their hearts
explode awful I'll ever slow dear rabbit
hearts hey here's a big man there's a
big man with a pretty lady
look at that family who are those people
hey who are these guys I remember them
that's the Shaytards right there you
know those guys huh oh wait you got him
on your shirt
uh-huh who's those guys she changed who
are these guys that's uh-huh
what do you think back home in our old
house you remember this place
who's crazy should I get a hold of our
little yes but oh there he goes away go
spit him in the garbage can grandma tard
got us some nice fruit and a big bowl of
cherries to do it yeah you get a pole
and she got us some watermelons cuz she
knew we love watermelon you'll have to
remember everything I think it's up
there our dishes are right there man you
guys remember this house oh I see yeah I
see a mr. happiness oh yeah I miss you
rock turd you remember this house dude
we brought you home this house remember
when you're born no dad I know me - I
don't remember stuff like that he's
looking around look at him he's like
it's like wow walk down memory lane what
do you think dude remember this house
what do you skip - loubalu one huh turn
some lights on here it's light
up the stairs where's Donny oh my god
she's I thought it fell off daddy the
dory my waters did today was it still
there I thought it's I swear it fell off
it's still maybe Logan shot her up there
just to make us feel at home I see you
know cuz there's the mark of Donnie
right he was right there in the middle
we must ask Logan where where's the duh
oh yeah
see that little circle right there
that's where Donnie was but that oh look
at the moon right to our window Donnie's
cousin Denia
that's dénia the dart I can't believe
her as a dart still up there I was like
there will be a dart up there you missed
this house babe and we just moved back
good to see you
this is the this is what you call a home
teaching room for the visiting oh good
call let's give your shoes we want to
mess up the carpet family isn't it about
time this message brought to you by the
door Jesus Chris let's go check out our
painting and I've missed this guy holy
crap my office I forgot I had an office
at one point I miss it oh man
Callie's having a ton of memories right
now hey cuz where'd you go what thing
grumpy all along you have oh there's the
Shaytards right there holy crap hasn't
changed a bit
there's my TV male I miss this oh you
guys I tweeted this picture a while ago
look here's me Casey Carly and our dogs
when you're growing up that's red and
Gidget look that's me there's your dad
right there
you recognize that dude there's Casey
there's Carly Wow you see those guys
look you think I look like Sun tard
right there
that's crazy home and this is my mom oh
wow dude this is crazy that's
my mom and that's me and Casey right
there
my mom's fro here let's look at that I
remember I might not believe me but I
remember sitting on that couch wearing
those boots look I had a diaper on
because I think I peed my pants you're
not cool unless you pee your pants
now there's me and Casey growing up man
there's me not you no that's Casey yeah
the one that looks just like gage no one
looks like SunGard
or rock guard to be there I am there's
me and Casey man there's some memories
welcome down memory lane geez
all right we're home it's crazy Phil's
way good we'll see you guys tomorrow
oh right I remember put in the reasons
people succeed and this is true all true
stuff we'll talk about this tomorrow
morning okay I'm gonna go over all this
with you I'm sure you'll want to hear it
anyways we're home Shaytards our home
love you guys see you tomorrow Barbie of
cowboy sweetheart
I wanna learn to rope and run
I wanna ride on the plains of the desert
out west of the Great Divide or hide
among the Kyle Talent Oh sets in the
west we halt be a cowboy a sweet how are
you ready princess try sing it I don't
know love me
