ah
are you ready cuz as my glory
really
well we're gonna go to VidCon right now
or just figuring out where we're gonna
go and how we're gonna get there and all
that guy's does so here we go
oh we did the insomniac Iron Man
challenge live-streaming for 48 hours
and I was questionable to our health
anybody remember that live stream
finally this top-secret file is here the
Johnson file has been delivered thank
you so much but part of the Johnson file
we see each other the VidCon you know
like this going on the front row we've
taken a picture every year for the last
7 years like there's a real connection
hey guys hey say hi to my tank being my
vlog hi we had breakfast egg cream knows
me and I bought a breakfast all right
VidCon is closing for the night the
security guards were kicking everybody
out Hank
we gotta need you out we'd you back in
your hotel room right now right away I
was telling Hank my hotel room sounds
awesome that's been in a woman's bikini
walked up to a guy no two minutes of
poitain Ottomans had Batman I need you
to be a leader
and Marshall headed to the moon greet
you guys ready let's go oh I'm so
nervous we're on at Rick's and watch
we're headed hey Jonathan and it hasn't
always been that it was like a big
transition the first check I got from
YouTube was like $200 and I was like
howdy John turn off the camera so
basically I met this really amazing girl
at the party who was like I love your
videos I watched you from the first
VidCon she it was at the first VidCon
the first VidCon mommy's heart isn't
totally against it but
are we going big time and she like
videos and I was like that's awesome and
she I looked hard like she's really
pretty I feel like I've seen her
somewhere so then I say do you do you -
all right guys we are on our way to
VidCon we've got a full she turns out
tell him turns out she does YouTube and
uh her name is Bethany Mota I sit down
flying Superman
cards doing the Sun tired shove oh snap
I love that move louder no it won't give
you ready ready princess heart of nature
I hope you like these books they were a
favorite of mine oh yeah you give her a
hug so Molly brought us it's just
you won't go give her a hug and tell her
thank you thank you for hug this ought
to be good puppy running around go get
it go get it flip on stage no guy I
don't want to go on stage you know that
you've been to every single VidCon yeah
we almost threw you in the audience
we wish all the other kids could be here
but rot rocked are you guys want to see
how high I can throw okay I have a
question for you real quick what are we
going to do right now we're gonna go
sign their paper why are we gonna do
that
why do we need to where you go sign your
name yeah do you like it cute I'm gonna
eat it okay
Jackson you ready for this yeah look at
that that is the face of determination
there you go bro tard there you go
make a wish VidCon 2013 officially I am
officially saying right now huge success
oh I had a great time guys
signing off at VidCon love you all it's
been amazing and we'll send you a clean
yeah we trash the place tomorrow
check out the sheets tough pretzel
boomstick
shaycarl
give it up a nice meter right now mommy
time is crying in the back right there
it's so sweet I didn't say a little bit
I just want to see the baby I feel like
I feel like this needs to be we wish all
the other kids could be here but locked
are you guys want to see how high I can
throw them I was so nervous to do that
baby's share ah there's the views right
there
