so my god I'm gonna be thinking a makeup
tutorial so first we're gonna make yes
I'm pretending this is me okay
so first take it this I'm really I'm
really sad toriel okay hello dad I
didn't mean it
Jacob toriel grandma come back pretty
that's the other skills you have in the
camera dude don't look at me don't hear
me alright so we can think it's it's
liquid eyeliner pin it on me I thank you
sure to check out my channel too it's on
YouTube
you've gone these are the stuff that
it's red you put under I don't work and
make it this it's awesome
no you're very dear look at the camera
hot sauce and we're gonna pin it on my
eyes okay we're gonna get this 150m now
we're gonna get this like tip and put it
on your lips it's called makeup crayon
toriel uh-huh what did you call that you
put on your lips
lick lick step what kind of licks tip
you got there well I made licks tip
lemon mmm I love lemon lipstick any
gifts let's go back everybody
I hope you guys are enjoying this baby
tired links tip tutorial on applying
lemon licks
I'm eating cookies and mom eat hardest
sleeping we're here live at VidCon and
maybe tart is just explaining how you
get ready for the big VidCon part it's
there's a lot of VidCon girls me oh well
are you gonna put makeup on before
you're swimming yep
do you think that's gonna mess it up
once you get in the pool yeah so you
just want to look pretty for the walk
down to the pool is our ears in yeah cuz
that's very important you want to look
good as you walk through the lobby very
filming I know
yeah well actually really upload it
probably - okay keep going powder and
put it burn friend everywhere this
eyeliner and put it on my eyes like this
I'm gonna put it up next let's look at
Nick Nick this um
pattern it's I have a Rapunzel fabric
and tricking the paint washes Rapunzel
powder cost $60 Oh expensive dude beauty
is not cheap and I got the Hello Kitty
one eat you then we're going to the in
powder and put it on my eyes next gonna
get this and we're gonna put it on our
lips to make it purple I thought you had
lemon lipstick I know it involves pink
Oh certainly this is grapes
oh my makeup look not be can't even see
me and you're gonna get it and we're
gonna put it right here and we're gonna
put it on my hair
make your powdery what I mean
we're gonna get another let's dip it on
millet no next work on it it is how to
do one and we're going to pin it on our
eyes next break in there what's called
makeup and our lips well listen can I
interrupt your tutorial real quick no
well I got interrupt because we have to
upload this video because we promised
him three random videos from VidCon so I
hope you guys have enjoyed this baby
tard licks tip tutorial and if you want
to check out more of her beauty tips
check out her beauty channel now you
gonna make a youtube channel one day you
think yuck what are you gonna do why do
I have a feeling like this these videos
would do way better than any video I
ever tried to make what okay okay oh
that's the cherry blossom licks tip I
love it is so nice pirate out VidCon
part a growin up I found a party
oh we're gonna order the swimming pool I
forgot yeah are you wearing canoe no
probably not
did your mom is sleeping you just want
me to take you guys yeah
alright looks like daddy's taking the
kids to the pool ball retard is taking a
nap nap the mess up her tutorial it's
already six and a half minutes long and
the Internet hotel the hotel and what is
my trying to say but the internet is so
slow we'll never be able to upload this
I get this brown eyeliner and put on the
eyes in here is a grapes green grapes
now it's princess tied the string sounds
be quiet on set like the Stars makeup
tutorial take one marker and hey thank
you know Laura memories it was cutting
our foreheads on the last two tour on
the last one you call it frou-frou rail
yes : do you let me I'll hold it so I
get to see you here I'll just hold it
for you no okay go ahead okay this is my
makeup tutorial first we're gonna put
this yellow highlighter on you put it
like inside of your like eyeliner ears
get out of my way get out here
and both eyes so it will make it a
little you get hot really and then you
get this red red cherry blossom lipstick
and you like what you're like I'm only
on the bottom you're not in this hop so
does hop only has a little bit in the
bottom has a lot it's kind of pretty rub
them together to make it look like also
I got the light on in the dark why not
stop
then this footsteps it's possible in
your eyes that you make like three dots
on the line and you rub it around to
like this orange diversity then cut it
in just this and make it like this over
and put it around your finger and then
rub it around and then you get this blue
there's like stuff to blue powder if you
put it around here it looks kind of
light blue but not all the way now we're
gonna get this moving round eyeliner and
we're gonna put it like a raptor and
what is closer to the inside side
now I'm gonna use this purple purple
stuff to put out in here hard doubt of
my tutorial please get out here and then
like whenever color of eyeliner and
thank you but pick whatever you can and
then you like put it like one two three
four five
okay and then that's all for my makeup
pitaya by ask you a question yes why do
you wear makeup do you think you have to
put makeup on to look pretty
cuz I think you look pretty without
wrinkle so yeah do you think girls look
prettier when they wear makeup why I
think you look prettier without me I
like this your natural skin why don't
you like what mom who said that I never
said that what your sisters accusing me
things are getting in trouble young man
what you want to makeup tutorial
Rockstar do you think makeup makes girls
look pretty listen for the record I have
never said that I would like the card
wears makeup what these guys are like
attention hounds now they've been at
vidcon met all these people whoa hey I
think you girls are just beautiful
without makeup okay well thank you for
joining the sisters of makeup makeup
tutorial did you guys have fun at VidCon
what's been your favorite part you guys
did good how long did we say I'm not a
grass board you know we're signing
autographs for four hours
babies 80 minutes 80 80 minutes for 80
hours um 88 it was 80 1980 all right say
goodbye see you guys hey one other thing
I was thinking is rock-hard is only two
years old and this is his third VidCon
so who can say that they've been at more
vidcon's he is the youngest person who
has been at the most VidCon school this
is VidCon number three from him and he's
only two years old which seems weird but
he literally just was born on the very
first VidCon is that right yeah all
right I'm pretty sure I'm tired anyway
so it's great meeting all of you today
and taking pictures and we had a blast
so thank you and this is gonna be the
last video for today because we're tired
and then it sounds like the consensus is
we have to go swimming because that's
that's the only reason we came I'm sorry
I'm sorry I know I'm gone over time
thank you
I see the clock okay we'll see you guys
tomorrow
