hey guys we are here on the floor at
VidCon check it out there's an ice cream
truck
hey there's DJs oh here's all the shirts
they're selling and you can order cases
shirt same time it's nice glasses
there's PD let are we ready to do this
okay so I'm going over right now to have
a handstand font as I check this out
this is cool oh that's what
is equal free kitty check this out
there's Rob here a successfully alright
so I'm having a handstand contest with
my buddy right here tell him your name
Pelham youtube.com forward slash
membership 1101 check it out he's been
spamming the crap out of me on Twitter
you have a handset Conda so I've been
working on mines we're gonna go right
now
and listen so once we go up you guys
count to three you have to stay up for
three seconds before it counts okay
ready
Oh guys all right who's gonna let oh
this is the weirdest yeah I'm really let
it stand us here come's yes Lee roll it
