yeah robot I have a handstand contest
today that have to be ready for this
time this quality challenged me to a
handstand contest all right guys it's
Saturday morning we are headed down to
VidCon you guys excited who's nervous
your dance cards doing this uh dodge
jump oh snap I love that move I love
that move and when you can't even
anything else you go to the running man
see old standby where's the worm dude I
haven't seen you do the worm in ages oh
no here we go you gotta get both of
those legs let's see the pitch is tired
worm don't wrinkle your clothes your
outfit for today let's see that Pete has
a worm nice dude don't throw your back
out that was really good though Oh No
all right baby tired let's see this
oughta be good
you're like a dead fish flopping around
on the side of a river getting at
grizzly bears gonna come up and eat you
in a second rock tired unit show us your
worm can you do the worm no dad I leave
my own just watching my Saturday morning
cartoons leave me alone
there you got it Britta's tarts got it
down see that she's making some real
progress in the worm Department all
right babe you ready for today well you
want to show the bathroom yeah okay not
yep that was my natural that was the
next thing I wasn't to say dude look at
you you got to move though you gotta
like you got to travel across the floor
Kate knows the best of the worst Casey
Casey mr. worm do you go like down
faster princes turn she's the expert at
it Oh mom just watch she'll show ya
it's kind of like a slight seizure with
a roll in it let me show you guys here
I'll show you how to warm it up don't
break other things either honey please
so we're getting ready today it's
Saturday right now we're going down to
do our meet up I think it's in ballroom
C do we know yeah because it says it's
in the VidCon meetup room which we think
is ballroom C so if you're here at
VidCon in Anaheim today come down and
see us we're gonna be meeting you guys
from 11:00 to 3:00 that has four hours
of sweaty armpit hugs and we're excited
to meet you guys I was telling the kids
this is like one out of two times the
year that we get to actually say thank
you and give you guys hugs and take
pictures and stuff what 50 hours it meet
up that's a lot of hours bro you're
gonna be here till Tuesday but guess
what
we're going back to Idaho on Monday
we're headed back to Idaho on Monday and
we're really excited and we can't wait
to go home and see our family for the
fourth of July so listen
the deal today we're gonna upload three
more real-time videos as we round the
meet up as we're meeting other youtubers
probably short four or five minute
videos where you guys can see us here at
VidCon I feel bad cuz a lot of you you
know want to come and it's so fun here
it's if you can come next year and try
to make arrangements because it's a
really good time there's a ton of people
here and we've just been having a blast
so - right now after this clip we're
gonna show footage from yesterday I got
to host on the main stage with grace
from Daily Grace some of you may know
her she's hilarious and we got two hosts
on stage I did two other panels I did a
maker panel telling the maker story with
how we started the company maker studios
with Danny Lisa Ben and Cassim you know
those are the founders of maker studios
and how we all got together and decided
to make this this crazy company and now
it's you know it's growing bigger and
it's getting crazy you just signed Snoop
Dogg I don't know if you guys saw that
yesterday I'll put a link below Snoop
Dogg just signed with maker studios
which is insane its Snoop Dogg and it's
just been a lot of fun here at VidCon
you had fun baby it's hard with you
Snoopy
hey and then somebody yesterday gave us
this for you they said that this is her
dog that she had growing up that's cord
you get that did Snoop Dogg give that to
you did Snoop Dogg give you that snippy
yeah some girl give that to him she said
that that was wool there's puppies
everywhere little boy oh and then also
so yesterday we uploaded five videos and
then at the end of this video there's
gonna be a slate to all five of those
videos so that you can see what we did
yesterday at VidCon so we're trying to
like you know involve you guys as much
as possible for those of you who
couldn't make it so that you can kind of
experience VidCon from behind the screen
whoa easy cheesy so um yeah we'll put
like I said after this video at the end
of days video there'll be a slate from
all five of yesterday's videos and then
today we're gonna upload three more
real-time videos from us at the Meetup
down in ballroom see starting from 11:00
to
three and then I need to meet Deepak
Chopra which is awesome he's like the
Guru of happiness is a choice kind of
stuff so I'm really excited for that
today so maybe we'll get a little
footage of that right there to start
you're the worm princess that's what
we're gonna call you from now on you
want to show them your bad real quick I
want to show them your bunk bed some
where you slept last night this guy yeah
this bed is like air and it says on the
bed that you have to be 16 in order to
sleep up there second you're gonna do
that this is a cool bunk bed I feel like
a little kid again look at this from
this little placard writer film this
what does it say I do not know what it
says bunk bed safety for your safety
children under 16 years of age should
not sleep in the top bunk that's like in
case anybody falls down the way what
would your kids 16 like what come on you
put a bunk bed in a hotel room hey
you're right I'm twice that 32 granthia
dose so princess garden you know she has
the attitude of a 16 year old so she got
to sleep on a tuck bug okay roll the
footage from yesterday Denise all right
guys we're on our way to some everywhere
back there and I would just be like I'll
get to it later
we just passed well I should say they
passed us these two cops on motorcycles
with three what is called women thank
you - black stretch limos and one white
one so
Wow the president there was one of them
is coming to this country I feel like
aunt would have more cops on bikes
around him if it wasn't president yes
but maybe he'll maybe Obama all right
here we are headed to the convention
center as I like to call it the crazy
Center 7,000 that John Green tweeted
that's like 7,000 people in the main
thousand 200 oh my goodness gracious
so I'm a little nervous I have to pee
every two second I think it's a nervous
pee pee I think we were most concerned
about sweating through our shirts yeah I
brought an extra shirt because I got a
little armpit sweat going on and I'm
just embarrassed by it but here's what I
think to myself everybody sweats and
hopefully people don't judge me for my
sweatiness old jeepers see some wheels
fell in a manhole to me it'll get hurts
and then it's oh yeah then we just go
there's been so it's the birthday girl's
birthday today
30 years young I made out with a 30 year
old today it's the first time I've ever
made out with the 30 year old in my
entire life all right so if you guys
were at VidCon we're headed over to
Convention Center right now we have a
panel at 11:00 called the maker story
and I'm excited and a little bit nervous
I'm not gonna lie to you but my
justification is that everybody's
nervous it's not just me I mean every
and I don't get as nervous but can't get
out a little nervousness right okay
we're going to the VidCon Convention
Center radio DJ and see what else we if
you would call me
Thank You Megan I have like dropping
hints to mommy charlie
there are three kids and she's like it's
only 12 hour drive home and like Danny
goes crazy
Achilles so we had this house this house
was family to the nerve center attendant
put myself in good mood and then I
realized like well because I had to
force myself to get in a good mood to
fill myself I just feel better now away
oh I'd like choose to be happy by just
saying like just smiling today breathing
you know and then there's like blogging
in public I think what your eyes are
like you know more people or watch these
through that camera than are around you
that it's easier to overcome but he's
got an ox hair like who cares what other
people think you know II just see you
and don't worry about what everybody
else thinks and then I think unless you
go to Russia our jobs if I keep this
moving you guys are here to see some of
your favorite youtubers that's why
you're here start off with is a little
competition
epic proportions we have entered the
dojo versus ask a ninja and the question
has always posed ninjas of pirates we
don't know but there's really some
karate going on record so let's welcome
out give them a round of applause
hi guys thanks so much we first and
foremost like to say here under the dojo
and we'd love to thank you so much for
coming out and supporting us and
supporting everyone from the YouTube
community thank you so grace what your
favorite part about that fun so far oh
my favorite part I had I smelled some
churros so far that's been actually the
secret of my weight losses I just spray
smells of food on I would buy a book
wall on ribs that was Pony BBQ teriyaki
play whatever oh my god alright so part
of VidCon and YouTube is there's so much
different talent you know people that
vlog and you know sugar normal children
the great things about YouTube is music
a lot of original music has come out at
YouTube you know your hardest you know
Dave days
DeStorm just mixtape do you guys know
the difference between a mixtape and an
album so here's your day sperm taught me
okay if you release your mixtape and it
doesn't do very good you're like that's
just my mixtape but if it does really
good it's like then it becomes your
album so it's not really a difference is
just something your boyfriend gave you
with a bunch of songs on it that made
him think of you I never got one of
those I paid my wife to marry
be much
we can do this every day it could be
like to get it today the chimpanzee I
will now wow the audience by reading
this person's mind I will expose all of
his innermost thoughts and to truly
prove the power of my hello sir please
sir it's not even a man this white Idol
beat up the cars now so I can do my
amazing magic he is now in a deep trance
all of his manly secrets your innermost
thoughts keep your eyes closed your
innermost thoughts are telling me all of
your secrets like your neck your name is
Robert Smith from Stockton California
you are 45 years old and your favorite
movie is Top Gun because you have always
wanted to be Tom don't we cruise dude
your purchase wingman is that correct
of course it's not right I told you to
put my no
I'm no magician okay turian good what
are you doing here I told you to pick
that bearded man in the front
he was our fake audience members I was
gonna answer a fake questions for us you
know I just I just wanted to do real
magic for once I'm amazing at all no
you're not don't know what is amazing
right he's going to jump off of
something
thank you all right guys thank you for
supporting bro ventures it's really just
an excuse for me and my brother to go
hang out and jump off of hide things we
wouldn't be able to do it if it wasn't
for this man right here you literally
take like five GoPros to buy every part
of my body I was like walking out there
it's like hey and then just pushing me
off there this guy works a ton on Hank
doesn't really good job editing that we
have a lot of fun doing it our goal for
this series is to come out and to do
these things with you guys that I know
that you guys have cool stuff all over
the world we want to come out and meet
you guys and do these bro ventures in
your towns in your cities so keep
supporting our Provencher series they
have a great time doing it and we love
you guys Thanks
he's wearing his wife's bikini in this
so be sure to check it out of the mega
here we go all the money coming comes up
hurry up on Zulu speed control on June
11 take one marker
