guys guys give me a hell no merman not a
mermaid ascended back to the sea watch
out go bucks it seems right hi comes log
in here good morning good morning we
just had breakfast um I did a horrible
job of vlogging Laura look who's here
Peter Hollens the beautiful why women so
I'm this is the video just what life
thanks Hank say hi to my take being my
vlog hi we had breakfast three knows me
and I bought him breakfast huh you guys
went to the panel right now I was good
breakfast and now we're gonna go talk
about being on YouTube for a decade
grace no moss Al Roker you guys we don't
know well go for it
what if they don't he's the guy that
dresses you Louie Taylor
my drink now hey guys sorry so thank you
all for coming I have the distinction of
hosting this panel with a bunch of
nobodies over here some of the most
famous youtubers of the time that I've
been working at YouTube quite a while
now you know I was thinking back as
we're preparing for this and thinking
about how YouTube and in its early days
was really an experiment right it was
this idea of how do we how do we just
make video accessible to everybody what
happens when you do that
and a lot of the formats that we know
today a lot of the things that were
familiar with would be or things that
you guys pioneered and things that a lot
of the features even on YouTube are
things that were in response to the way
that you were using the platform so I
wanted to start a little bit today
talking about those old days those first
moments I think we were all probably
inspired a lot by Frank who made
who made this kind of content kind of
first I lost a bed where I do see your
desire doesn't it look like the no
sleeping challenge Oh II did the
insomniac Ironman challenge I was a live
streaming for 48 hours and I was
questionable to our health anybody
remember that live stream yeah I was
awesome that was where I learned was
like you don't challenge Shae and
anything because it takes everything
super seriously competition contest
let's go yeah at me we did it twice on
the second time I had stayed up for 62
hours straight live-streaming I like
took the audience to Applebee's at this
little Verizon air card I could plug
into my computer and get Wi-Fi anywhere
and people were like you're gonna die
you have to go to sleep and so as soon
as everybody agreed that I won that I
went to sleep I was in that one and I
made it for like 26 hours there's never
a better time to see the real side of a
person when they are just hopelessly
tired the real side of me is keeping up
I mean I feel like I've cheated my way
onto the stage because I haven't been on
YouTube for quite ten years it's like
nine and a half but don't tell anybody
but like I was inspired by these two you
guys are always talking about this a
frank I was inspired by Phil and I never
even saw a prank videos until you guys
came around so it's I like what you say
about like maybe we are pioneers but
people have been sharing the story of
human history so whether it's say Frank
or Anne Frank you know there's
journaling and Diaries and that's like
when people like you stole my idea too
these daily blog it's like people have
been documenting what's happened for a
long time but the cool thing is we all
of a sudden found this tool when I found
Bill it's like he has 60,000 subscribers
and he's making this huge difference
with this query we had a little meeting
before this panel and he was showing us
old videos from like 10 years ago and
all of us are like cringing watching
ourselves we're watching each other like
remember young hate that's so cute but
just like what I'm like yeah your early
days you're like shut up you're so
loud yeah I mean when you rip what you
realize is that you weren't very good at
it and that's like of course not because
it was my first video or like my sixth
video of course it wasn't very good at
it
every time I ran I'm just like I know as
I'm doing it I'm like why am i doing
this it always turns out badly and yet I
do it anyway and so everybody I have to
have like three of those and I'm like
eff up we've never deleted a video on
her channel and I don't want to break
the streak but I really do there's one
video I just really not enough than
people who know me know which one it is
I'm that way too for posterity's sake I
don't want to delete any videos but
there's some that I hope nobody ever
sees again you know like I want them in
my library for posterity sake but like
my butt's in the video out there
there's a big thank you for our people
aware of your buck video nope why did I
just announce it on stage chisel seven
eight years ago I'm gonna make a video
real quick I was about to jump in the
shower and I had this idea for a video
and I'm like oh I don't want to loose
that I want to record that right now I
throw a t-shirt that had on no pants
because I'm in a hurry but there's a
mirror in the background yeah and when I
went to edit I was like oh babe come
look at the come here she's like you
can't look that up but I loved how I
delivered this idea so well that I'm
like I'm just gonna cut out the real bad
parts where they see the bull crack I'll
just cut those out just like a side
cheek maybe nobody will notice they
notice definitely number there's a
parody with your wife which is a Sarah
Palin oh right yes she was in the woods
just with his shotgun good that's what
the Sarah Palin thing was big and I'm
like babe grab that shotgun in those
classes we're gonna send this blip to
Phil see that's the thing as I look back
and like some of that stuff I'm like oh
that was stupid but it reminds me of
like how hungry you are
like let's do something weird and cool
and like I think holding on to that
that's so key I think it lends to why we
go to movies why we seek out
entertainment kind of to get out of our
own reality and connect and be like oh
they suffer or they think this is cool
or that that tastes good or that that
view is pretty
it helps us cope right with our own
human miss to connect whether you know
some of us think of ourselves as
extroverts or shy
I think intrinsically we need each other
we need to communicate we need to
connect we need to feel understood and
ultimately that's what vlogging is and
you know her you put on a show right
like you're trying to put your best foot
forward but it's the least contrived
form of entertainment there is it's the
real reality TV I like to say where I'm
shooting I'm editing you know that like
I'm having this communication we see
each other at VidCon you know like this
growing on the bar row we've taken a
picture every year for the last seven
years like there's a real connection
here
and I think that's good for us as a
species I think we need to have this
connection and share these ideas and
have this free flow of communication so
that we can you know live on Mars let's
get some stuff going guys let's get
smelling wants to be president of Mars
hi guys whoo
you want to see a story okay
then let's do it see these fingers this
little piggy went to the market this
little piggy stayed home this little
piggy had roast beef and this little
piggy had none
this little piggy went wee all the way
home
guess what we are in a ferris wheel and
a roller coaster right there see that
you hey guys we're actually hanging out
with a B family finally guys oh she's
just like came right back up like a
blow-up toy you're the champion who like
you I'm so glad we're hanging out
anyways we have been doing all the
VidCon activities it's been wonderful
we've had a couple panels we have our
meet agreed me to greet our meet up our
meet and greet I guess you could call it
and Shay was on a panel that was called
ten years on YouTube I'm sure you can
find it somewhere on the internet when
it was so good it was really fun to see
like there's really only a few youtubers
that have been around that long
and it was like a very nostalgic panic
so I'm very proud of him for the things
that he had to say on that pal
anyways we're just hanging out baby
family probably have a social Bluebook
panel later tonight walking over there I
am I am our lives in the web scenes and
what's not said who's what's in his news
sorta exactly yeah
in Jackson we forgot his water wings
today and he is like the craziest water
baby
wait I'm filming your son who was going
about to do a trick
sweet you better win it's not even an
option gurgles how you filming - she I
mean she's gonna lose because she can't
stop giggling that's your greatest
weakness just make her laugh
I do see Remy over there
all right the next battle boys boys
practice near the offseason guys give me
a hell no moment I don't know me gave it
a heading back to the sea watch out
about the Kings right
Oh freemar they see you guys mermaids
real that I saw a real ruin out for
paper airplanes see that one almost
poked dry out do we do it nice yeah we
do in our video that's what I do a bit
can we stop each other in the hall to
make videos quick what's the classic
yeah just a bit wheezy lies
oh my goodness their personalities the
case my Vsauce and a monkey by these
soft Greg bearson what should you do
let Ivan shake girls floor why the song
people tell anybody go over shake girls
you got to buy this lucky night kids off
tonight yellow soft blue socks keeps
awesomesauce verbal speech left and
right song do you remember when I was in
shaving love twice the third time that
was the retreat so you got lunch if
you're alive log three times you get a
free
jump gotta do some flips babe
Wow
you
give me three
what is happening over here
my goodness
are you going to jump
hi Jackson
gonna do it
hey hey
your two little egos no I'm not no one
can hold him back
Jackson you ready for this yeah look at
that that is a face of determination hey
he's like if this thing hooked up
already here he goes
needs no instruction get it that hair
right turn
I jump in here
like that are you gonna do it back all
right better
oh my goodness weapon and is happening
over here
when I first saw this Lee
we started playing this thing
we need into the other person yeah and
no sooner did I think about that in my
mind
did I look over and see a people ha ha
ha ha ha again over not coming off of
the catechol and I said yeah oh we did
it well look at that perfectly placed
YouTube come you to pillow you you you
to pill VidCon they too into books we
did it
exhausted thanks to John Hank green
dftba
we had a great time seven seven three
seven four seven we did a lot of playing
today and a lot of panels and panels in
play I does not agree oh do we block any
but a roofie blog let's swimming
yeah I've logged yeah social Bluebook
okay locked I talked
hopefully we vlog that I vlog the panel
the pool and the party
I'll peas the bed of the pool the party
pop by night tomorrow my okay let's
brush your teeth the mic out but
probably most likely would you frog go
sleeping go sleep bye thanks for
watching guys preciate you check out the
VidCon vlogs you can should go back and
watch last year's we have a entire
playlist of VidCon vlogs it's so much
fun being here and hanging out with all
these people so click on a video if you
have not seen the Peter Hollens sound of
music metally please check that out
right now click on the link below we're
so happy with how it turned out it's
like our very first family music video
we did like family man I guess we've
done a few but like this one's like
serious singing like I really tried to
sing good I don't know if I did it but I
tried I really tried to sing my goodest
no science go check it check it one time
all right love you guys we'll see you
soon No
