hey you having some lunch hey rock face
McGillicuddy he's using a Z Tinsel's
like a big boy let's see is your spoon
I'm heating the rights of my hands look
who's here grandma it's hard what are
you complaining about our apartment mom
I love it nice Thanks
okay my love I love watching them use a
little spoon watch this it's so cute to
me oh you're such a big boy only two
don't you have a cha cha don't bring it
up at the touchy subject I miss my I
drove that was a skank have I've ever
been skating before we throw baby tart
up there she's really good she wasn't
she just flies up there and she's like
huh tell grandma hey why do your grandma
tell her that you're awesome
see you guys we're going to see Charles
Trippy rock and roll at Warped Tour
well I'll film it for you so that when I
love you guys watching a concerts pretty
much way better job okay we made it
we're backstage
Charles wassup yo hot sweaty out there
today because we're it's always so hot
so it's nice and start filming hi ladies
oh she's awesome burritos from yeah I
had a vegetarian one
today okay
all right you guys check this out the
Goodyear blimp is just taking off from
its home it parks right here this is
it's like little parking spot and we
just saw it
take off and get my camera I'm cooking
up but there he is
big ol fat blimp cruising through the
air whoa it's like crazy a director here
no red blue
no he just like tilted up learn to spot
street hey this is cool bastard yeah
it's going pretty quick good to your
blimp right above us don't drop any
bombs on us Goodyear blimp did this
start starting a new tradition
don't worry there's nobody else in know
we're not being hurt we're just dancing
show us the move you were doing when I
came out of the bathroom you're going
through the chopping motion no no no
like this you're going yeah
I love it but all those so you think you
could dance Shaytards version baby
hardest and zi2 but of course you must
take time to wash your hands so that's
why we're here
okay let's make our grand exit grand
exit oh no you're not shy dancing
fierce outside of the dance and then as
soon as I saw some male
and maybe Joffrey the tree yummy YUM
you had some cheesecake oh say I was
delicious say dad I love you
Shh love you say mommy's a pothead
that's not nice
say mommy smelled like cheese hey
mommy's heads like a giant balloon sick
I think that is a poopoo head very much
they in this fiscal year I hope we can
raise the unemployment level 3% wait we
don't want to raise the other bad 5%
teaching my children the wrong way I've
led you down straight pass my son I'm
sorry
Oh me rock face
say my name is the bouncing baby of the
camera I'm trying
oh that's why it's after midnight I'm
like Cinderella oh no it's only loud
breathe daddy daddy's funny I say daddy
you're funny
we're on my sunshine my only sunshine
you make me happy when skies are grey
you'll never know dear how much I love
you
oh please don't take my sunshine away
sing it you sing it you are my sunshine
my only sunshine happy you'll never know
dear how much I love you hope you don't
take oh I know
no way together and I am like the Stars
each day young man
good job baby bike
oh that was sweet
hey guys welcome to the end slate I
don't know if you saw the video that was
posted to the shaycarl channel yesterday
but Shay Shay just got over something
really big he just just conquered
something that all of his friends and
family and just loved ones were by his
side for and and yeah and he can really
use your support you know your kind
words encouraging him to stick to his
new lifestyle to to moving on to this
it's hard to explain so if you guys can
just check out the link to your right
just to see what I'm talking about we're
really proud of shaved for making this
big step and if you can just you know go
and let him know that you're supporting
him that would be great and as always we
have yesterday's vlogs the left and the
one two and three in the middle four
with the shoe charts are doing one year
ago two years ago and three years ago so
yeah that's everything for today and
like I said please go give show your
support okay thanks guys bye
