rockface jeepers
dude you don't look pretty like that
okay just like the crow he totally knew
gosh dang it you stupid kid why do we
have all these kids anyways Oh where'd
he go he's gonna get black all over the
house crap we've lost him have you seen
your brother there he is
come here let's clean off your face
hello fancies though fancy now go get
him
we're gonna scrub his face off hold him
down get the scrub brush and soap put
his arms behind his back hold him hold
him I'm gonna punch him in the stomach a
few times here
that's what you get hey hold still we
gotta go wash this up you weirdo let's
go wash you up
go get him son tar yeah there you go
he's gonna get it all over this carpet
come here oh my god hey Brett what are
you doing oh I'm just looking for some
astroturf behind there's green kind of
Oh where's the green kind though because
they don't have green kind of appearance
do you think it will trick the viewers
into thinking like this so we're
shooting something in Casey's backyard
we want a grass look so listen when this
video comes out if there's any comments
like that you know real grass that's
astroturf of um BP oh look here's
somebody helping us so me and Brett we
need about a 10 what he ate 10 by 10
peace
we want to try to get ya bigger why
didn't they so we're gonna have to get a
couple look dude here's a wider piece
how wide is that yeah it in but it seems
like less less for a single of course
but I think it's better no I like that
oh that feels good on my hands because I
have calluses from doing the ring you
know shoots - that's cool
plus we can like you know build a
putting green did you just call me dude
OOP face that we can pick this is
Alabama bluegrass right here bacon green
taking what are you doing like this is
like riding a mechanical bull I won't
touch it
hold on when I flip around oh I'm scared
even trying I'm telling you I got the
roll with a giant man man I can't see
giant anymore cuz Jay super tiny and
like yeah mama I know I've lost all my
fat jokes what just too bad I miss my
fat jokes I loved like those are always
we got our carpet I mean we got our
grass this is grass at the helipad real
authentic grass it was grown right here
in aisle 16 good old aisle 16 where all
the greatest grass has grown
I mean history has shown all the
greatest grass has grown I'll do the
heavy lifting up the flip cam you got
that I got this all right
she's doing question my time we put a
strip in your entire new house that
would be cool I want to say your save a
putting green oh you ready all right
don't hit any these people are innocent
che sorry my friends on YouTube
friendship teamwork Home Depot do you
have to pay for this we just walking
outside the question is how do you fit a
12-foot piece of grass and a 8 foot
truck bed I'll tell you what you roll
down that back window slide it on
through Brett oh yeah man just put it
through the window and then old it'll be
riding up there with us I'm gonna sit
here and film you as you put it in okay
don't mess up
look at those biceps bro you've been
work you know just going on there man
okay so we're stacking it in here it's
gonna be hanging out are we supposed to
I think we're supposed to put a red
thing on the end of it I give there
something hanging off yeah just put your
head on the end of it it's pretty red
okay hold on let's see how far it you
can come farther here hold on let me
help you a little bit more dude we are
in it is totally in the truck
oh we just we just muffed the rear-view
mirror baby toys cars this use the crib
I ain't a freakin clean on the back of
my truck I'm a hypocrite I just gave a
whole vlog their day about cleaning your
room and little things make a big
difference than my truck is a disasters
holder from inside that's gonna be
difficult
yeah we got it here we go we'll just
grab it in here just hold in here this
reminds me of a Seinfeld the stand-up
bit where he says you know he's talking
about me man and how you'll see some
dude like driving down the freeway with
a mattress on his roof through with his
arm hole he's like don't worry about I
got it with my arm you know I do that
when I was moving myself
no one has helped me because I had no
friends no they're all busy but it's
raining and I was moving a mattress and
look like going 50 60 on the highway it
fell off seinfeld wrote that bit about
you and then i called like the
unofficial night one or whatever the I'm
like there's matches on the highway are
grass with your arm alright yeah that's
not going our Brett's got it nice truck
thanks bro okay you guys hey hi my name
is Shane nice to meet you once you can't
that's the polite thing to do uh anyways
who's the whatsits uh you know how the
other day we said in the office that we
were gonna start giving away calendars
how many killer does we have dude like
Twitter I think we almost had like a
hundred or something anyway so we
probably like a hundred calendars and I
know it's you know mid July saloon
hahaha that's a mix of June and July we
call it saloon so we want to give you
know get rid of these calendars and I
realize that the calendars are like half
dead or half you stuff because half the
years over it's a free calendar you
can't complain anyway so here's what
we're gonna do we found a way that I
think will work because it's always
tough you know to figure out a way to
like have a winner and like for people
not to cheat so here's the way that
we're gonna do it and I have this in the
shower moment the other day or I'm like
that's how we could do it so in today's
vlog this video you are watching right
now there's gonna be an annotation
somewhere in the video now sometimes if
you've ever been on YouTube and built an
annotation before you can make them big
and colorful with big bold letters a
says click here to watch my new youtube
video or you can make them almost
see-through so they're almost impossible
to see unless you scroll over it you
know with your mouse then you won't even
find out even though it's there so
here's what we're gonna do we're gonna
try it today and see if it works what
we're gonna do is we're gonna put an
annotation and I don't know the time yet
even probably I mean if it could have
happened already you don't know I think
what we'll say to start is five seconds
in five seconds of today's video it's
gonna be like an easter egg it's not
gonna be easy to find you're gonna have
to search for it it's gonna be on the
screen somewhere if you click and you
find that annotation that annotation
will take you to an old
Shaytards video yes we have lots of them
almost 1,200 maybe we should even put it
on it like an iPhone charger right it
could be anywhere I have 500 YouTube
channels and will no the point is is we
will know that day which video we linked
it to but you know it could be on it
could be on the station it could be on
breath you I mean it could be anywhere
the point is we will know what video and
you won't know which video so then once
you find the annotation and you click on
it your job is to check out the timecode
at what point Sam was at 3:06 Denise
don't put it at 3:06 anyways if it's at
3 minutes and 6 seconds where you see
that annotation all you have to do is
click on the annotation it'll take you
to whatever video I think that's what
will be exciting is it'll be new every
day
you will go to that video and all you
have to do is comment calendar code 306
and the first person who comments
calendar code 306 we will email you and
say congratulations you are the first
one to find the little Easter Egg
annotation it's not calendar code 306 is
counter code whatever it is that day and
that's the thing too is some people say
well people will just go and start
putting in times well it's gonna be hard
to just guess like I said you know we
have 1200 Shaytards videos and if we're
gonna do it on all these other channels
you're not gonna be able to just go
guess a video and go put it in a time
code and if you did you're going to be
super lucky I mean the odds of that
would be crazy
so let's try it out for today in today's
video somewhere is an annotation that
you can click that will take you to some
video the very first comment and we'll
go watch we'll go watch on that video in
the very first person comment calendar
code 306 we will email on you and say
congratulations you win a Shaytards
calendar and we will send it to you for
our week I have a quick side note
because I've done like some
corresponding with you before when you
do that dookey stop talking and why is a
carbines the grass always come between
us I'm gonna message you and you better
respond within a couple days and I'll
give you like my email or something and
I want to know your address and your
name and all that if you don't give your
information we can't send it to you and
make sure your permission is correct
because if we send it someone else it's
not our fault it's your fault but I love
you still alright and like Brett said it
has to be kind of timely because if you
guys like you know don't
send us you know the stuff in like five
days maybe we'll you know pick somebody
else so if you're the first calendar
winner just like be ready for me to
message your username and then so check
your inbox basically check your youtube
inbox messages because that's where
we're gonna contact you is through your
YouTube emails okay so I think that's it
I think that covers it I think I was
pretty simple on straight board let's
try it out for a day if it works then
we'll do it like everyday till we run
out of calendars cuz we got to get rid
of them they're just sitting there and I
feel bad and they're like just wasting
away in the office so I win a free
calendar find the Easter egg annotation
totally fun alright love you bye
alright Brett and Jared playing with
dolls the backyard take my dojo or do it
but this is what we're using this grass
for this I can't show you guys too much
because I'm trying to like hold footage
back from you guys so you can't see the
projects we're creating until they're
ready because some people have told me
that I show too much in the vlogs and I
think there's gonna be really good video
and we'll show it we've filmed during
the process so I have footage of like
all day yesterday we shot like 12 hours
and I still have a footage so when the
video is up on shaycarl then we'll show
you all the footage but we're trying not
to show you guys until we're done with
our little creation which I hope you
like all right yeah we've been getting
ready to program it hard to come we've
been trying to get the house clean the
kids actually folded all the laundry for
me haha that's our new role as long as
there's laundry to do the kids can watch
TV as long as they fold laundry and is
that a good rule cuz I need the whole
let's face it laundry for six people
these are already
1,700 outfits a day what yeah he had
folded up formulated the dishes teamwork
synergy we're all working together to
get more accomplished right right we
have for dinner tonight
we had pizza we had leftovers we had
this pizza that I made with wheat
whole-wheat pizza crust which was good
and then we just had some leftover rice
no sauce in mind I get the grinder so
baby turn what are you doing are you
playing beauty salon I play gymnastics
with my doll but then her hair keep
selling out so I had to put a ponytail
oh oh good job it looks great now show
us our gymnastics moves yeah I know I
decide you don't want to I'm gonna start
over okay oh it's hard to get ponytails
to look perfect
I do lots of brush and then spray and
lots of brush and its brand and front
one that's what I do with mine anyways
out troll dolls hair fix because that
would burn their hair that's right you
remember what smart looking their lawyer
is made out of plastic anyway mm-hmm she
actually remembered what I taught her I
am impressed baby turtle bear bear bear
bull rock card is asleep finally
oh my gosh today was one of those he I
swear he just like he just pummeled into
the terrible twos like as soon as he
turned to it's like God
here we go I'm a brat now he is a
sweetheart but he's been very
challenging for the past week because he
had that viral in fact
and so it was just on rate all the time
which I don't blame him the poor little
thing his little mouth hurts okay not
too much they're gonna think of her
about anyways today he would not go to
sleep and I think it was because all the
kids were home he was excited we were
all here and being loud and obnoxious
but he wouldn't go to sleep I tried to
put him down for a nap three different
times and each time I spent like a half
an hour rocking him trying to get him to
calm down she would not go to sleep so
he was ready to go to bed early tonight
and we had a big shoot today
for the shaycarl channel it involved all
the kids so it's gonna be a good very
good
you weren't very good the sweeper
feature go great job there let's see it
look at you you're getting good those
little fingers just working and
whittling away at that hair do you want
to be a hairdresser when you grow up yes
I do what a break you can do brings us
what about a sing or do you wanna be a
singer not a singer in a ponytail maker
sweet yes you can we're just talking
about what you want to be when you grow
up baby Constance she wants to be
pulling telling our maker and wait what
is your a singer no a maker a hair maker
and it sooner what would you like to be
you do that's too much money
singer shoot for the stars babe are you
so wait wait wait hold on hold on so
you'll have to pay money and go la la
and you don't want to do that where do
you work who do you pay money to me no
it gets really confusing here the shade
turns around
PYP money well if you can't I paid money
to the voice coach is that what you're
thinking
so yeah you could pay money to a voice
coach if you want to be a singer but I
don't I worked at a restaurant when I
was seventeen what I worked at a potato
warehouse when I was fifteen don't tell
me cuz I'm gonna go get my little girl
okay go get your little girl yeah my
first job ever was I worked at my dad's
potato warehouse I was a janitor the
first thing I ever did was a janitor at
the potato warehouse and then I did
every other job there until I was old
enough to get a different job
all right baby it's hard no what are you
doing you're putting on her hand
no oakiness off so I can be like a
bracelet oh you're gonna spend so much
time getting ready you won't have time
to play anything we have to do oh my
goodness sassy my crash pants I'm still
filming what are you gonna do now trying
to do something for the camera or just
keep filming us in the bathroom sitting
on the floor playing with doll hair
don't turn it on though it'll burn their
hair she's just pretending it's not
turned on it's okay to do with a cold
iron yeah oh I love this doll you know
why wait she smells like strawberry it's
what music the Strawberry Shortcake
movie yeah and we have sex and I have
the girl choice to throw a little ball
of them you do and she lost too and
remember the toys that you have
remember the dolls that you got princess
card
what were your dolls right pray we were
gonna have to see that this weekend with
Grandma I'm so excited are you guys
excited about that I wish today grandma
already came and we already watched it
well she will be here tomorrow I'll get
ya tomorrow we're going to answer don't
do that
my god we're gonna have to talk about
that I don't think we're going to knock
him and I both have a shoot but maybe
the next 7 p.m. we are 33 minutes away
from midnight on a Wednesday night we
know what that means
it's summertime so the kids are up it's
almost midnight and they're still
watching cartoons forget that dude what
if we need to erase something we're
gonna do oh man you're in quite the
pickle aren't ya yeah I'll watch it with
you can I watch it with princess star
pretty star didn't make it all the way I
gotta go finish brushing my teeth back
and then I'll come watch it hey I'll
come walk it whoa I'm gonna call you
baby dark belch face from now on I my
name's baby doorbell plays you want to
do you want to give us another Ripper
there's a grill right hold on how
embarrassing
I just want my face uh yeah so mommy
turn with to target because we're trying
to get this room upstairs clean because
my mom's e Oh mother knows best
listen to your mum's e what is this show
is this dude you need parental guidance
you don't have any parent old guidance
in here is this a bad show
is there any kissing tell me that right
now there's toothpaste on there oh my
finger is there any kissing you have to
think about it
is there romantic themes do you feel
like you want a girlfriend after
watching this well I do your face just
got red is it me or did your face just
get red are you embarrassed
yeah tree root that's attached sounds
in-depth man you thought they were
microphones and they were everywhere and
in her classroom in your classroom hey
oh yeah hi mommy tired
was I supposed to put the kids to bed
while you were gone at Turkey
I was sending emails of the stuff and
then I looked up I'm like oh it's almost
midnight and the kids are out there
still watching TV I said I would get
summertime right what'd you get what'd
you get for the I got thank you son
terribly choose a little helper dude
Brock tard needs to lenient yeah that's
good because we need to train him he
knows like he'll come and say he's
changed diaper like he is telling us to
change his diaper that's a sign that he
needs to start potty training pooping
everywhere literally I woke up one
morning there's a giant poop on my face
so weird I was like who pooped on my
face I'm like earlier like rubber and
then I just rolled over windows he's
excited for Grandma to come are we gonna
be able I don't know if we go do daddy
huh yeah we have a pretty busy week but
we will go cuz listen I know you love it
there oh you do yeah alright so we need
to also go buy a futon what is that dude
dude you collecting them all aren't you
huh did you tell your mom to get your
you hooking son turd up or what dude so
then mom bailed you out and bottom for
you you need to pay her back do you have
a receipt the son tired wants to
reimburse you for the host pokemon cards
yeah he can validate your parking as
well hey guys thanks for watching
today's video
you know I didn't actually don't want to
talk about it in the video because it's
just I'm ashamed really and it's hard
for me to admit but I had a little
problem that I had to overcome and we
uploaded a video today it's on the
shaycarl channel that kind of explains
you know I just I went through a process
and my family helped me and my friends
and loved ones were there for me and I
just want to thank them for that but if
you guys could just really go help and
support that video that would mean
to me and I just feel better that I was
able to overcome my addiction so check
out I have an intervention and then you
know how it works you can click on one
two or three in the middle let's see
what we're doing you know a couple years
ago two years ago whatever then
yesterday's vlog but like I said
hopefully this won't change the vlogs
because I feel like I am better and I'm
recovered and I appreciate all your
support so please check that out and
leave me words of encouragement
thanks guys tomorrow
