hey guys we are at vide video video
where we are weird video conference
twice we all so happy to be at the 8th
annual video bringing your clear weird
your mom's weird I'm a normal person
look at that here we are again Anaheim
Convention people in here we are we're
pulling in right now this ancient what
notice except I'm Convention Center
what is this is 7 wow I'm really sucking
at the camera works right now VIN it all
I'm trying to look at this with my
natural eyes and not through the cameras
I'm sorry about that guys you know
anyways here we are
braack braack Butler no the child with
his glowing face you know that you've
been to every single VidCon yeah we
almost threw you in the audience you
wanted in every single one of these
Brock you hold the illustrious honor of
being the youngest person at this
conference listen to the Nemo's who's
been to the most of these
here comes famed YouTube blogger
marathon runner Casey Neistat oh yeah I
didn't need to stop those tired I just
wanted to vlog you guys look at my job
okay I got to do some vlogging help me
okay
luckily we found something we found this
awesome remote-control airplane over
here at first I thought it was Casey's
quadcopter following us
whoa check the side upside down good
thing we found something to catch
Casey's attention so Casey like Casey
look at that cool thing over there would
that be great for your vlog case go get
some of that so he's getting a shot of
this
where to go Harry's cool that's awesome
alrighty then here we go they want a big
pun I just wanted to run almost 5 miles
not quite five miles with Casey nice nap
holy crap you can run I gotta get back
into running shape he just that run
motivated me I gotta get back and
running champion eating a bagel I headed
to the mean green you guys ready let's
go here we go Bob we're doing it again
VidCon you guys ready babe yes you're
not my babe you're my bro she's my baby
bro alright let's roll if you ready
thanks Saxton
you're staying here
okay you guys stay there I'm gonna run
down here and get a cool shot of you
coming off the escalator whoa check it
out it's Shaytards whoa through this
uh-huh I'm going to the meeting right
here we go
I do like your og lanyard I'm so glad I
have you
ah that would lead I'm romantic old
enough I feel like we're loading up
ammunition let me see what you got hold
on look this is the backstage table you
roll up without waters like these have
destroyed the Sharpie boxes already oh
so maybe we should put them back
sharpies
how many wait you didn't show me what
you got this is what you need for
meeting group sharpies mints
Loden maybe I got some swag already at
the stage thing okay so here we go hey
have you ready for this are they ready
for us out there do they want to meet us
and greet us they still do
grandma her name is Lynette my grandma
watches all my grandma okay I'll be over
here busy
different Sharpie sums up on this
sharpie yeah I'm not liking that Sharpie
that's a Sharpie fail
I'm missing it twice don't be mad
entre vegans
yeah that one's way but I got a better
sharpie guys we almost had a bad sharpie
on our hands got a better one like that
look hey I'm plugging here hey Danny
Danny go back here don't come back out
don't look at him guys
we're family
buddy
hey listen wait is the vlog rollin
do you remember last year VidCon vlogs
this dude I remember you the reason I
remember you is because when collette
first walked in you looked at her and
you were like like you had just seen an
angel and I remember standing you did
you're right okay I want this kid kicked
out he's flirting with my wife hey he's
back hey hey thumbs up this video or
something get out of here
say tell her
okay so Olivia is a big fan of shaycarl
and the whole family and so I just want
to say happy birthday to you
good thank you so much tom
feel really happy about the glasses on
because I've always wanted to be lastima
we did rock paper scissors because you
wanted to be left alone sorry
all right we're done I'm Talia
last one in the line I said the last one
in the line tally is the last one in the
line yeah yeah yeah last one in the line
oh you did
Thank You Charles got a subscriber
because you did it I dude I got some new
sneakers last night
Colette took me shopping for here what's
Grace she's gonna do her meet and greet
right now we're doing sneaker
comparisons oh great these are nice you
guys got a great lineup here I'm liking
this lineup
Avia
so many - all ten of them at that even
all 10 toes anyways I heard they've gone
back stage having a blast he has eaten
Oreos over there all right that's VidCon
day one in the books this is the seventh
year it's so many years I couldn't
remember if it was the seventh or eighth
but this is seventh annual VidCon hope
you guys liked the video two videos
today did you guys see the
behind-the-scenes Sound of Music ha ha
right now I'm telling you it's up live
Peter Hollens the Shaytards Sound of
Music metally we're talking singing in
the hills of Idaho on motorcycles being
chased by a Great Dane my face is red
anyways thanks for watching we love you
guys we appreciate your support it's
always fun to be here at VidCon and to
hear your stories listen to this I know
you might be sad because you didn't get
to come meet us but I promise you there
was somebody in the line of that
meet-and-greet who has you know they've
experienced a similar thing with us
where they were struggling or whatever
why ever you watch the vlogs there was a
person like that in the line that we met
so we love you guys even if we haven't
met you we know where you're coming from
we appreciate you we feel like you're a
family and come into these conferences
remind us why we do this hearing your
stories when you guys tell us that
watching our videos helped you lose
weight or just be happy when everything
around you is crumbling you can still
choose not to let those horrible things
affect the way you feel because you does
deserve to feel good you deserve to be
happy we only got a little time on this
earth be happy right now okay I'm
preaching I love you guys click on a
link specifically the Peter Hollens
sound of music medley that is now live
link below in the video description
we'll see you tomorrow bye
alright let's order room service you did
great
get my Caesar salad
