hey guys so um
don't look at my house what is what
that's in the middle of the room weird
weird hey anybody eating your green
toast hmm you like your green toast you
guys ever had green toast I actually
grew up loving Apple mint jelly and so
that's one of the things that we'd like
to have my picked oh I just realized it
probably has sugar in it so we should
have honey next time we'll have honey
anyways so we are I'm like this I'm on
cloud nine and I'm gonna tell you why
let's go upstairs I'll tell you why all
right so if you haven't checked out our
podcast our podcast is up today and so
go check out the podcast when the kids
go to sleep the links will be down in
the description let me get the light
there we go but you love to see my
lighted up face it's kind of crazy over
here this is the throw all this is where
we throw all this stuff okay go finish
your puzzle guys we got particles to do
we do not care about you two but we got
puzzles to do yo yo let's see dealing
racket eyes who are those guys
George George no is John John where's
Paul Paul brings up where's Ringo in
your ear Ringo Starr's in your ear
here's the undershirt remember this
shirt guys I was trying to teach him all
the names so that when he wear this
shirt you can just open him up and like
say all the names on it sure I think
that would be so adorable
but regardless he loves that one flap
who's George George yeah and what are
you inside of baby boy I'm actually
building this this is going to go in his
room his
Sun tarts room that that's always a
struggle I mean we move so often but I
feel like I never get completely settled
I never have gotten completely settled
in a house so I've been trying quickly
to get settled enough in this one that
it feels like home just enough so that I
don't feel like it's always torn apart
you know what I mean and I think a big
part of that is gonna be putting
pictures on the wall I need to do that
right away yeah how are you towards me
we haven't really decided yet and then
after that Shan are gonna be in San
Francisco for the marathon and then
after that we'll be back here I think
and then school starts right away they
have a really short summer this year any
who's those let's go see what the girls
are doing a second ago they were making
a puzzle and I was not allowed to come
in they keep out keep out hi it's your
mother come on come in yet okay okay
we're all that way away I don't like
being an outsider please let me in 30
minutes later oh my days
I come in now it's you
you've been working on something in here
may I see here they haven't they won't
let me come in it's a princess puzzle
and you did it all by yourselves
it's so perfectly good sure but this is
the first big puzzle I have to do
tomorrow no hi guys
yeah
hi five different desires for time
machine the princess cray-cray they take
out your daddy I'm hot it's beautiful I
love it I think each other now last day
of school last a school looking like a
fool on your last day of school last day
school let's stay in school
everybody's on your last day of school
no it's hard when you have to leave your
teachers that are really awesome
teachers but you know we'll just have to
to come back to second or what what
right a bit we'll have to go to fifth
grade and visitor and say hey yeah it's
not fixing the problem mother
it's the last day of school yet she's
watching this right now we love you yes
it's the last day of school and I'm so
excited because that means is the start
of our summer which you know pick kids
in Idaho it's been out for like a month
so it's been a long month we really
wanted to be out of school but now we're
going to we're gonna have VidCon you
know we can have Noah first grandmas
coming to visit for a couple days then
we have VidCon and then we're going to
Idaho so it's gonna be a busy summer and
I'm excited it's gonna be fine baby
right what are we gonna do after we stop
sucking your thumb what are we gonna do
that will be so fun she has been so
excited on the 22nd for sure I hope so
cuz we'll be disappointed if it's not
they've been really excited to see that
new movie brave with the cute little
redhead curly hair girl
it's sad it's a bittersweet day all
right
GRU are you happy are you sad that a
Celeste's she let store be free of me
what does that mean like we have stores
oh and everything was straight whoa look
you don't like ship cookie what I'm
supposed to eat it oh you're so sweet
maybe we'll talk it out you see if we if
we should as a family have one sugar
night just to commemorate school being
out I mean I'm in I'll have to use some
some better judgment not me she's better
at judging sugar items and whether some
of them or not all right all right
princess chart said mom what are we
having for dinner and I said spaghetti
and she said yes that's her favorite
dinner so we're having a tea to
commemorate the first day of summer
we're having spaghetti what's that
it's from Tri State in the piece okay oh
thank you so much it's so high a little
bit that is literally a mmm delicious
we'll have our tea along with spaghetti
oh my little spaghetti lovers they have
fallen to the floor good bye my love's
it's been wonderful knowing you I shall
see thee again good bye
and frosting this is what happens when
we have spaghetti you guys should have
spaghetti it's right so we're just
anxious Lia waiting Shay's arrival he's
been out of chute all day long and I
just got my cut of the it's not the
final cut but it's the kind I can review
for set fire to the rain and I like it
my big thing is I don't want auto-tune
anything and so there's a couple parts
where I'm like oh maybe she's already
sing it but I'm not gonna be picky I'm
just gonna let you guys judge just don't
judge me harshly please what did you say
spaghetti oh yes guess what okay when I
was a little girl I would like eat what
did I do
what would I do what you would eat with
your hands a lot yeah
slow motion I'll say toned it down 17
knots bit
he wants to cut so much harder
kid seriously you're just a big kid
hello everybody welcome to the in slate
where there's always fun and laughter ha
ha ha ha joy and happiness and lollipops
and wait no lollipops because we're not
having sugar right
right okay well as you guys know you can
always click on the video to the left to
see yesterday's video and if you want to
see what we were doing one two and three
years ago click the middle numbers you
know the 1 and the 2 and you know you
know how that goes
and if you want to hear che and I on the
podcast you want to see it you can go
click on the video to the right if you
would like to hear it you can click the
link below for the itunes download it's
free free is always good sugar free and
free money wise I don't know what I'm
talking about now ok anyways so go check
out all those videos and sometimes wants
to say hey hey sun-times yo yo what's up
yo yo so tell us and then working on any
of your dance moves lately no comment
I think that's something we can bring in
to the summer run like summer schedule
right yeah all right you guys thanks for
watching as always and we will see you
tomorrow
and the next day and the next day the
next day you can't get rid of us
and don't forget not to use sugar it's
not Saturday yet ok love you
