hi I'm log in here it's Saturday morning
what are you doing a Saturday morning
high dose all right let's go
what was that look who's ready to go do
some swimming come on rock face yeah a
little bulletin man come on dude all
right we're here at the pool pool tarde
time I love Saturdays and you would I
love you more than Saturday's I love
summer it's almost time
I can't believe school is still in
session looks like two more days yeah
yeah we're going to the hook Joey
dirty but I have to say that's pretty
impressive use parts of camera yo oh hey
baby boy how you feeling are you feeling
good I think the key to getting him
better quickly is to distract him he was
crying all morning until he said it was
time to go to the pool and now he's fine
they just have a queue with really fun
things
just like iseas we've been giving him I
seize to soothe his mouth and the kids
are like I don't want to be sick on what
i seized they've all been troopers hey
where you going dude no no no no no new
new new don't drink the water whatever
you do stop running you guys look at
Obama you see him you see Obama he's
walking down the streets of LA just like
that uh-huh that lady's carrying a
life-sized Obama side I thought it was
funny but I got my camera out to light
all right it's Saturday and I am it's
one of those days where I'm going to
shoot something where I can't tell you
anything about it the only I can say is
that it is going to be on TV it's gonna
be TV store yeah but be on TV but you
know where TV's concerned they don't
want you to know anything you know how I
am I'm like you guys look we're gonna
I'm here on the new bro ventures and I
tend to show you everything before we
have something that's probably one of my
problems actually as I show you guys too
much well I hope you appreciate anyways
I'm on the 110 north and there's a cool
bridge right above me I've never been on
this freeway before check it out man
he's not cool I think it's cool
cool architecture it's interesting to me
what man has created these giant cement
pillars to get us from one place to
another and I don't even know what's up
there our cars up there it's not like a
giant hydro tube is our the spaceship
plans what's going on need some
explanation I think it's pretty
impressive what we as man has done has
have whatever look at this is why we
travel I would I always sing to myself I
would love to go back in time when this
you know the pioneers are coming across
the plains and just to show them this
you know like this is how we will get
places in the future you will sit
comfortably on a soft cushiony seat you
have the choice to listen to music or
whatever you want
turn on some air conditioning if it's
hot if it's freezing you turn on the
heater or warm up your little two Z's
and toesies and it would have been fun
you don't I mean just to get like you
know four or five pioneers pull up hey
guys hop in have them get in my truck
and just like see how they reacted to
like sitting in a truck and seeing how
fast you can go would that be
interesting to do I always think about
that cuz I'm silly I think about filling
things alright going somewhere that I
can't tell you about something that I
can't inform you about are you ready to
go
ticket
we're running it off are you guys ready
she gets touchy
sounds like a table why do you like
sucking your thumb dog it's tasty you
can hear them no do see those terms
look at those germs they're just
disgusting they're going to eat the
insides of your mouth I'm very tired eat
your mouth what yeah I do love you but
you don't suck your thumb so I don't
have to eat your face off if you suggest
them stop it
seriously I'd kill told you stop sucking
your thumb
if you said your sons in the uniform
would die oh maybe it's hard did you
know that you can't suck your thumb to
them unicorn will die rock-hard I just
send that off or what I know you have
this fetish for Jim Carrey but we got to
go we got to go we are headed to store
tell my reputation again top no no first
where are we going where we going
you can have junk are you guys excited
because this is our first day of sugar
we have a next sugar for all week since
Sunday and so Saturday and Sunday is our
day that we are allowed some sugar not
like splurge the whole day but we are
allowed to have like they had an icy
after lunch and maybe tonight after me
dinner will have the dirt going to gets
to tuck his ambitions are actually not
sugar they're more salty yeah you are
going to be such an amazing musician
alright we're going to go get some
Father's Day presents for che and
unfortunately we're not going to be able
to tell you what they are but you can
come along with us and the reason is
because Shea's editing the vlog I was
like oh it's gonna be perfect but denise
is not actually editing this video shade
so Shay you don't get to see what your
presents are blob darn seriously pinch
her go bye-bye and then we were stuck in
this traffic for an hour and the
Pioneers would say no thanks I think
we'll go back to our horses and wagons
this sucks just sitting here in traffic
for an hour
I just dawned on me check out that
silent City skyline that's cool that's
cool on those buildings they're like big
cement trees made out of steel and yeah
stuff like that
I bet the Pioneers would ask why is
there only one person in every one of
these covered wagons why don't why don't
you guys think of something smarter
instead of putting one person in each
giant vehicle listen I know it's the
Motor Company there you know the car
companies did I heard that LA used to
have a really good transit system but B
there was I don't know you know I'm just
making stuff up here from what I've
heard from from hearsay you know I gotta
look it up yourself but apparently like
in the 80s or something you know some of
the major car companies said no let's
shut down the public transit system so
we can sell more be
cool congratulations car companies you
did it because there's a million of them
out here this la needs a transit system
worse than anything come on Los Angeles
get with the act look at all this
freakin and I'm not helping either I'm
driving driving this giant truck
hypocrite that's why I want to go I need
to find like a little three to five
thousand dollar Toyota Tercel or you
know some little four-banger I can get
and you know just get a lot better gas
mileage the reason I have this truck is
because I can fit the whole family and I
can you know I used to can put Malachi
in the back and then all six of us can
fit in this truck so it's you know it's
that's why I have it but just I hate
when I have to drive a long ways I mean
I should take mommy turns van I don't
know I'm gonna try to find a little
four-cylinder car that I can buy I won't
waste as much gas and ruin the
environement
dudes I think the x-games might be
happening here something look at these
ramps you see those ramps like half
pipes right there
that is awesome this is the Staples
Center - you guys remember the other day
when the LA Kings won the Cup is right
over here at the Staples Center boy I
also forgot to say we're cleaning the
house and I got the kids to recruit wait
I recruited the kids to help fold
laundry so look hahahaha I didn't have
to fold that was a giant basket we got
more over there I said you're allowed to
watch TV as long as you're folding
laundry while you're watching TV so
they've been folding laundry we do need
to practice a little bit good job did
you turn the TV off for me good boy okay
let's pick up the rest of this laundry
and then let's go we are in the ton no
driving through a hole in the mountain
our a litter now
okay I can't tell you guys where I'm
headed I'm headed up to Pasadena all
right hold your bath ready one two three
oh he has ever heard of that when you go
over a bridge or through a tunnel if you
hold your breath and close your eyes I
was not closing my eyes however because
of danger danger but you can make a wish
that's fake it's I don't think it really
comes true but it's fun to hold your
breath when you go through tunnels
anybody watch these videos live in
Pasadena huh huh all right Suns hard
what did you finally get hey punky
yes been eating so good oh we could have
talkies but she loves these talkies
there are these spicy chip thingies
there I don't like them yes princess I'd
like to talk to you too but sunder has
been asking me for like a week and a
half you get talking I said if he ate
good all week then he could have him on
Saturday so we finally got some tacky
they'll love that jockeys what do you
love about them they're spicy they're
spicy
I don't have any water sorry babe we'll
have to get one at the next place just
fan it that will work fan your tongue
what did you get Reese's Pieces I don't
feel so bad getting them traits because
we took we went all week without having
any sugar so I think that we're gonna
stick to this it's a good idea because
it's healthier and you guys
I think we're gonna stick this - look I
think we're gonna stick do this because
it's healthier and I don't feel guilty
giving you guys sugar because you
haven't had it all week right teaches
you self-control and willpower and those
are important things that you need to
learn early in life because let's face
yeah okay I don't keep water in my
jockey box that's what I call it a
jockey box but everybody's like I never
thought that at the glove compartment
but I never put love's in there but I
guess I never put jockeys in there July
day Oh Hank your spit oh well I guess
it's what we do all day long let's go
find some water all right you guys so I
just pulled up to the park where I'm
shooting and then this guy right here he
tried to mug me Hey and I told him to
not mug me and then Donovan and he said
he likes our videos yeah big fan well
eight years well thank you yeah what
happened so you just wait with your mom
and you just saw him coming from
downtown LA and like I just saw this
guy's truck on the 110 oh you saw me on
the 110 oh my I thought Idaho plays a
song I struck I'm like it has to be
shake all right that guy's famous so
where do you live I mean what's your
address and your social just kidding but
yeah man so he stopped I was just
sitting here reading the script for this
shoot I'm doing and he's like hey aren't
you looking higher I'm like it's me Shay
anyways nice to meet you dude all right
man yeah let's get a picture she's otaku
dance do the talking dance do the
talking man
let's the talk about honey butter yeah
all right well I need gas in the car
let's do that instead of top you look
get some gas
I mean water and you hey baby carve your
colon
recalling you oh sorry I'm interrupting
your call with me boy thinking here my
phone mean I think it's ringing it is
it's baby's heart hello and then like
how are you doing okay what's up with
what what is the reason for your call
today I'm gay neutral you're getting
annoyed wait wait wait wait you got to
tell me you're getting a toy I don't
want you um maybe you should ask instead
of telling me what you're getting I
don't what
but hold on baby toy can you excuse me
for just a moment my child just ran off
in the store can I go get him yeah okay
see ya why did you go but mommy I don't
know we should get him what fade away ah
do you think dad will want potato head
not it wait where's your home - potato
head this is the tomato head didn't you
that's adorable
you think dad will want that Hey hmm
seems like you guys are picking dad all
the things that you would want let's try
to think about what Dad would want
you've almost healed well we're only
here because it's right next to the
pharmacy where we're getting some
medicine
that's the only reason what do you want
J we just want to get stuff that you'll
know that we love you so what about this
you want these want some birthday cups
you got birthday cups what about some
gumballs everybody wants gumballs right
I know he was I know what he wants don't
say don't say anything yet no watch hey
Father's Day
say I know what I'm gonna get you do you
want a new car yeah and you want this
one who is what excuse you the little
station wagon thingy and I'm sorry all
of you oh it's catalog I don't know I
don't drink I suppose do but who didn't
know my car's racecar fast and furious
Wow maybe someday we'll get you a real
new car make it flip not this time
sorry you don't mind we're just testing
stuff out this is testing out the cards
oh those two seem to be working just
fine
normal these ones over here I need the
ones on the top shop forget about this
ones down here ones on the top shelf are
always cooler the mind of the
two-year-old hmm why did I see you later
baby boy he's gonna be a new car tester
in this store
what um Rock tragedy
oh that would be so awesome hey buddy
kiss together oh yeah he loves Toy Story
lately but I can just see where those
all those I ignore hundred eyes all over
the house all over the happy yeah what
does that don't put your mouth on it who
knows how many people have played with
that but he does not like hitting the
toy he likes playing
should I push it again okay
oh sorry
you can going to work this time
I hope though over there dude
this is like a hospital elevator we
bigger yes we just went to Best Buy
because every Father's Day Best Buy is
like the first place I think
so we went to Best Buy and now we're
headed to somewhere else I want you to
know where we're getting it yet
so you'll have to find out when he finds
out sorry
small is crazy let's stand together well
Ross has found what he wants he found a
weapon weaponry is not conducive to a
happy Father's Day so what would it back
Oh what doesn't kill you makes you
stronger
well that's what we get for letting you
guys have sugar today
it's all coming out it's all coming out
watch out to not get hit go down
I love you guys
no shame everybody's watching but they
don't care back up back up I got this I
can see you dance and slug Rock charts
down you want to dance too
I love you guys we had to stop and get
an ice cream cone for rock-trac for his
poor little mouth but he loved it he
just sat there so happy which is the
first time all day that he hasn't been
trying really
oh well it's going away we got you some
more medicine it's going away
Thank You W alright we're at the best
part of the mall and guess what we got a
two year old you get to ride on the
train up there wait a second are you too
old to ride on this train
letting us do it anyway huh
I think my kids are to the age where
they're like yeah maybe this isn't as
fun as we thought it was but they still
were really excited to ride on the train
I am you're never too old to go on the
choo-choo hey
okay this is the longest choo-choo ride
I've ever been on well I guess in my
adult year as a kid it seems so short
I'm like wow is it ever going to stop oh
there we go
really
getting the hang of it
all right you guys it's really really
late and I'm going through looking
through all the closets and all the
hiding spots I'm gonna find my Father's
Day present if it's the last thing I do
alright thanks for watching today and I
appreciate all the happy Father's Day
greetings that you guys have given me
really appreciate it be sure to check
out yesterday's vlog it's a good one we
did 20 minutes for seven days I hope you
guys are happy thank you so much for
supporting bro ventures and getting that
video up to 20,000 thumbs up I can't
believe you guys did it so fast I was
thinking it was like gonna be hard but
you guys did it so quick and then it was
like oh crap now we gotta make 20 minute
vlog every day but listen because I'm so
grateful for you guys supporting us and
watching our videos and thumbs up and
tweeting I have a very very special
video now trust me on this one it is
it's special we've been meaning to
upload this video for the last six
months and just haven't for one reason
or the other but if you click on that
little mystery face right there I think
you guys will like a little music video
we have in store for you it's brand new
check it out it's a little bonus feature
for today's Father's Day hope you guys
have a great day go wish your dad a
Happy Father's Day and I want to say to
my dad I love you Carl
that's my dad his name's Carl get it
shake Carl that's my dad yes get it see
see how it's related okay I love you dad
thanks for everything you've done for me
see you guys tomorrow
