hi I'm login here there is banging going
on who is responsible for this loudness
rock face are you partying this loud
banging miss horn yeah dad I'm just
helping mom hold this board and while
she whacks at it with that tool bill man
what is that move is that the reverse
worm dude I've never seen that in real
life before I've only heard of it up
till now he's doing the slither slaw
yeah you're building stuff you're such a
construction mama yeah you gotta build
it all right daddy's going to the office
to work I guess
hey rock face me kiss when tards big
debut as a narrator I'm excited for him
yeah right along with school huh if you
can't beat them join them that's what I
always say my babies are coughing on
purpose are you guys sick yeah
yeah yeah yeah Rob Kristen well we are
on our way to see a Sun tardy narrate in
his play today
I'm anxious to see him I'm so proud of
him I never would have been able to play
that part when I was his age he's a
really good reader and I'm proud of him
oh are you guys excited to see SunGard
are you gonna cop the whole time are you
gonna get all the other kids tick Oh
honestly this is the first time they
started coughing she started coughing
and she started coughing so he started
coughing and then he coughed and then
she coughed and now it's just a game
it's a coughing game for kids to drink
all right so I'm really excited to see
son turns a play today he's the narrator
I'm really pumped for him one of my main
life regrets I don't know if I've ever
told you guys about this but my good
friend Jamie is no Jamie he came down
here I you know Jamie anyways he was in
drama when we were in high school and I
was in choir so I did quired he did
drama and I was always jealous of him
because I remember going to one of these
plays or whatever that he put on or that
he was in and I was like man that looks
cool I would love to do that and I got
to go backstage when he was performing
one of them and there was this scene
where they gotten us fight him and my
other buddy John they had this like
monologue between the two of each other
that like included a gun as like they
were a police officer was sitting at a
desk and like they're threatening each
other with the guns it was intense and
like they had these long lines and I
thought it was so cool and when I was
backstage watching them and they were
about to go on they had to carry this
desk out onstage and Jamie's like hey
help me carry this desk out on stage and
I was afraid to even carry the desk out
on stage because I was nervous that the
other kids wouldn't see me and think
like I was a loser cuz I don't know why
I don't know what my thought process was
that it wasn't cool to be in drama or
something and I pissed me off now later
thinking back like why did I give a crap
what anybody else thought you know it's
high school you grow up and you get out
of high school
you never see those people again yes why
care about what other kids think about
you just do things that you like and are
interesting to you and I didn't care a
lot in high school what other people
thought about me I pretty much did what
I want but that's one time that I
remember there was another time that I
really regret when my other friend got
in this fight and I didn't stick up for
them and anyways those are my other
regrets of my life so the point of this
whole regretful life is that I want my
son to know that don't care about what
other kids think you know do things
interest you like you know he's been in
rock band and now he's the narrator of
this play and it excites me to be able
to like take my kids through that time
and and encourage them to not care what
other kids think and to build them up
emotionally to let them know like you're
cool dude don't worry about other people
like you are you set the standard
whatever you do is what school and
everybody else would be like oh I want
to be in drama because son turds and
drama you know what I mean so that's my
job as a dad to be there for him through
this whole time to like listen dude
you're gonna you're gonna grow up you're
gonna graduate high school and all these
kids that you're worried about what they
think you're not going to care because
later on in life they're gonna wish they
did those things so I'm not your dad but
maybe you should take some of that
advice if it helps at all anyways I see
my wife I'm gonna go kiss her bye talk
about drama nerds this one was the one
of the biggest drama nerds of all time
were you drama nerd I was drama awesome
yeah that's why I was just telling him I
regret not being in drama but I did like
that I was in choir I was a choir nerd
hey are you gonna be a choir nerd or a
drama nerd don't be a band nerd whatever
you do you know you can be a choir nerd
and a drama nerd but if you're a band
NERD then you're definitely gonna beat
up in school but daddy I want to play
the trombone boom boom boom boom boom
you don't play the trombone
boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom
boom boom do that get out a yuria soul
dance that's soul dude let's go brah
let's go see your brother perform with
your little monkey he's got his monkeys
so happy
welcome to friendship questions
we'll sit for a time in the King out
devonshire not two princes their cousins
up let's go all the time they're the
best of friends and loved to drink this
is a magic potion especially for you
the two your merit battleship great
courage disappears gone five a new King
King is left by everyone and has managed
to have a peaceful Kingdom Prince George
Merritt advisor to the king or likes to
be called visitors jealous on his cousin
the king he has become very bitter keep
Henry and princess Emma a lovely time
let's George became very upset granted
kidnap
whoa oh no oh oh no princess never was
there George and King Henry eternity
castle
for compa worst
I saw that smile look her in the eye
dude and I like a creaser the boys don't
look like they're having any fun
yeah alright guys I'm just making it
started she pestered it oh man well
that's what you get for drawing all over
yourself don't don't do that that's
yucky gonna be all dirty and messy um
okay we're at Trader Joe's I like Trader
Joe's if you guys don't have a trader
does where you're at you're really
messing up cause I got a cheaper health
food place so I like it all right here's
our basket of goodies sesame honey
cashews and I think they look for like a
sesame dressing music mark yes baby he
does not sit in carts anymore I don't
know if you guys already two-year-olds
for baby not like to sit and this one
for sure I don't like this
thank you okay ladies lights camera
action
I'm fashion great
hello I am better fine everyone oh
you're so fabulous my thumb I love it
hello princess chard
brings us over to Todd oh whoa that was
an entrance to an fabulous or disgusting
oh nice and we have the princess are
wearing the lovely pink flamingo
feathers so lovely his fluffy necklaces
are available in both pink and turquoise
I love that flip oh look and wands are
only available in white putting green
finger magical does it come with magic
or doesn't magic have to be installed
pretend imagine the real magic must be
found in your heart
Oh
well Shaytards fashion shows always have
good advice in them it's true it's true
I love it I'm jealous how to look good
in a picture
be sure to raise your arms above your
head as much as possible I think that's
actually true I think it is very wine
and put your feet very wide thank you
thank you very much that's near one of
these oh did you make that noise even
like a matter we avoid or do you find
the raisin just get those raisins he
hasn't been eating very much because of
a little sword in his mouth oh you're so
miserable oh yes
carpet raisins oh no girl
Oh fashion girl fashions uh 300 so
fabulous and look at that purple darling
hairpiece what do you call that
everybody a flower a flower daisies it's
beautiful
would you like to hold this scepter of
loveliness oh you said all of you some
part where's your pretty outfit hello
teaching me how to walk earlier you want
to show them an example later Oh
no that was pretty fabulous I say all
that has graceful move it's pretty much
okay we're ready
we already saw the UH the completed
version is earlier today oh come here
yo you're a regular old leader Dancing
with the Stars
I just felt over I was trying to pick
him up with one arm and I fell over
dancing with the tide it's going to be a
new show Thank You Cecily and Cecily
will be directing and that would be the
camera woman I know right
definitely not camera one over here cuz
I can't hold this down ah just to say
anything thanks princess is magical
true love mix process is magical and
that is fabulous yeah thank you thank
you were you jealous do you wanna dance
assess me too well you can hey guys so
everybody's in bed it's about 11:30 I'm
just sitting out here because rocked
hearts been waking up and so I don't
want to be where I can't hear him as
well so yes poor little sick baby he's
been through so many sicknesses in the
past couple months he had strep and he
had a little cold and now he has like a
mouth viral thing that's weird but
anyways the poor kid so I'm just sitting
here and I got online to look at the San
Francisco Marathon okay so I looked at
the half marathon the first half
marathon I sold out the second half is
available but that one doesn't run over
the Golden Gate Bridge so it was kind of
bummed about that I sort of thinking
about it I'm just so scared that I'm not
ready I know that if I don't sign up for
a race that I probably won't do it like
that's
and goal so I need to sign up and then
prepare myself but I let's see the most
I run is six miles and that was like a
month ago because I've kind of fallen
off the wagon I'm jumping back on the
wagon but I'm afraid that it's too late
to Roma San Francisco marathon cuz
that's like in a month right yeah so I
don't know what to do should I just do
it should I just pull the trigger and go
for it and let's see I ran four miles
two days ago and I probably could have
run more I just didn't have time so now
that it's summertime I feel like I might
have more time but I don't I don't know
why I'm so worried about it it's just a
half marathon it's just thirteen point
something miles I can do that in my
sleep hmm
any Hazel's the other thing I wanted to
talk to you guys about is it's not like
highs birthday shame I have been missing
him so much today and like getting
teary-eyed all day I feel like such a
baby but he was such a good dog you guys
it's hard losing a dog
I mean any pet I'm sure any anything
losing anything that you love for anyone
that you love is hard but today was
especially hard baby tarde mentioned to
me Mom it's palletized birthday because
we obviously have it on the Shaytards
calendar so the kids noticed it and so
we're gonna have a cake for EM I just
like I got all emotional thinking about
having a cake form and she goes but he's
in heaven so he can't blow out his
candles so we can blow out his candles a
little she's so cute so I think that
maybe we'll get a cake do you think
that's weird
the kids really want to get Malachi a
cake I mean it's after the fact at this
point but this weekend maybe get a cake
for Malachi and have the kids celebrate
his birthday I don't know let me know in
the comments if you think that's a
little too weird
or if we should go ahead and have a cake
for Malachi
I don't know it's just one way to
celebrate the people that you love even
if they're gone you can celebrate the
good times you don't have to just
remember them on the day that they died
right oh you guys are awesome
thanks for everything and thanks for
watching
am I talking too quiet sorry sometimes I
talk too quiet at night when I'm
vlogging because it's quiet in the house
this is one of my favorite time so I
love late at night when everybody's gone
to bed so I can just think or early
morning that's probably the best time
for me to just wake up and fresh and I
can just have my alone time and then
wake up the kids helps me center my
brain obviously it's not were centered
right now
tomorrow's been a big an exciting day
though because I'm filming the music
video for a dowel set fire to the rain
and two special people are going to help
me I don't think I've told you guys who
they are yet but it's going to be Peter
nice Peter and Dante so I'm really
excited to have them help me out there
and play the piano and the drums I
recorded the song already so I I might
record it a few times with those guys
just to see how I like it
and maybe we'll go with that version but
oh no I don't know what is gonna sound
like but it's fun to do it anyway so Wow
she's like my my glasses and my no
makeup to face this is real life guys
there ain't no photoshopped going on
right here see that's it see that this
is your friend my stitches your friend
okay it's getting really late
goodbye I love you guys oh that's
rock-hard again that's the fourth time
he's woken up and I probably just woke
him up because I'm beyond loud toys
wanna go see em let's go see em let's go
hold him and cuddle him and give him
baby don't you cry baby sighs sparkle
and shine oh dear baby am i all right
everybody it's time to go night-night go
to eat sleep sleep sleep sleep ursins oh
wait no what does it get you have to
watch the vlog from yesterday that's to
your left and to your right
well che uploaded this kind of weird
video yesterday I don't really I don't
really know how to explain it to you so
you're just gonna have to go and decide
for yourself what in the heck you did
there on that one but yeah there's
always lots of fun and wild and crazy
stuff at the Shaytards and usually when
it has to do a che you can't really
explain it you just have to accept it
and and love him for who he is
Oh
go watch the videos guys and have a
great fantabulous t'k day and hopefully
I will have more to say about what I
don't know goodbye and adieu to you and
you end you oh oh oh and one more thing
don't forget to go tell your doggies and
your kitties and your little pets that
you love that you love them today and
give them a treat from me cuz I miss my
puppy
alright bye bye
