he's a marathon man with four cute kids
his wife Katie Wed also featured in the
Miss Sutton tar-baby tog princess and
luck you're watching for three years and
they don't stay in their home staring at
the screen waiting for the message
saying that is ready to be seen I'm back
every day like a part of the family
shapes awesome the crew living life
every day I'm watching the Shaytards la
share watching the Shaytards
for the Shaytards vlog of adventure
every day long before today's starts we
must fight the ninja samurai baby it's
true
let's fight him
hey everybody what's going on geez it's
a big day today mommy tart is in the
music studio she is recording her song
safe and sound cover of Taylor Swift
with Callie they're in there right now
and I'm so excited to hear what they
come up with and then I'm going in to
record with Casey where I mean or we're
recording the audio for our cartoon Shay
beard show Savior I'm so excited I saw
sided about shave beard and today we're
recording episodes 7 8 9 so we have 9
episodes recorded and now they just have
to they're working on the animation for
the episodes so they're really funny
they're quick they're really short maybe
like minute 90 seconds
you know just quick little funny little
cartoons and I like them I think they're
fun you know they're gonna be safe for
children and you can plain for kids and
it'll it'll be fun for adults too I
think they're they're funny anyways I
can't wait to show you guys that let's
go
so I've had a cold for the past couple
days and we see it really late
practicing last night and I feel like
it's not gonna sound good it's gonna
sound funny without well I think it's
usually human it flow it's beautiful
no but I to the line of T and like cough
drops and I've been like lozenge eating
a lot so hopefully it's gonna be great
I think it's more in my head I think
usually when that happens to either of
us it's mostly in our head because what
I'm fine right
wha-wha-wha see that was fine right hey
quite an introduction there Kurt knows
how important he is I need to stick his
tongue out at me we've got rot out there
and I can't see without their neck it's
awesome so let's get started
oh wait this is gonna go up Wednesday
this coming Wednesday so right yes
he's named ask them do that's them off
before the shoot I'm eatin some of this
mango I just sold some of the craft
services
I'm a baby
look there's it the dango ate your baby
the dingo current great shooting on bro
ventures man I would sweet lips trans
shot by Kurt you guys go give him a
shout-out edited by Blake O'Neal how's
it going guys how's it sounding keep it
up hey you guys down to get us to do
more takes cool wanna see one I'm
excited now you're fine
you got 20 minutes before we record
hurry up che beards next get out of the
studio it's our turn
this is Jessica she will be editing the
song it will be coming out on Wednesday
Wednesday morning set your alarms for a
Katy let and cally more music actually
Roth is one who had it's a song she's
added in the video you have a Grammy
shut your don't lie to me the hair
doesn't lie I have a Grammy I'm making
show so Wednesday right Neely producer
yes Wednesday
Katy let channel the song arranged by
come on Howard hey how is the stadium of
fire thing going I'm nervous
playing in front of 50,000 people top
eight are all playing after the show two
will play at the Stadium of fire people
that's improve oh right Scotty McCreery
and the Beach Boys nah so Kelly could
you guys potentially win that if you
guys go help her a vote and you're going
to sing are you with her we'll go vote
for Kelly you guys go follow her
but after the after the thing with the
show people at the show okay come on all
you peeps in Utah go see Kelly
shadows almost
quiet on set were doing it in Slate you
don't sing
babies are quite unsafe alright guys
thanks for watching today be sure to be
ready for Wednesday of next week
mommy tarts new music video be sure to
check out yesterday's vlog a 21 minute
or today's a little short but we had two
20-minute days guys go check those
videos out if you haven't and then also
don't forget to check out what we're
doing three years ago two years ago and
one years ago crazy story three years
ago I think it was yesterday's vlog I
wouldn't watch it on the June first vlog
we were doing the very first brand deal
that started maker studios I did a brand
deal with a1 steak sauce for this
contest they're having and that was the
first brand deal that we ever did to
help him get some money to start the
company when we very first start at the
station and maker studios three years
ago with Danny diamond and Lisa Nova and
Cassim and Ben and go check out those
videos from three years ago it's pretty
exciting to see that company starting
and to see how big it's grown today
anyways just let you know that there's
other videos you can check out if you're
super bored today and please go watch
bro ventures it's up and lying so cool
it literally felt like we were flying we
were we flew off the mountain I'm saying
now I fly I can fly if anybody asks from
now on yeah I can fly what's your
problem yeah check it out links below
you is gorgeous
love you guys we'll see you tomorrow bye
