good morning happy Martin Luther King
Day on this beautiful winter morning nah
yeah you know I don't really go to the
time of finding music I just make up my
own my own soundtrack welcome mix
nipping to be back to back stray Karl
barrel drag right uh it's Monday morning
you see the breath it's freezing if
we're talking centigrade we're doing
negative fourteen oh cool we're headed
up skiing today but not before I get
this YouTube video up to you guys we're
coming up on the March sniffling very
soon I said I said we're going to make
more videos serious on Monday new day
this vlog I'm just doing a little intro
here this vlog is basically our weekend
Friday Saturday Sunday so it's going to
seem like we eat dinner three times for
this video but it's just what we did
that weekend now it's Monday and I'm
like here's all the footage that we got
but you guys I swear on my love of
watermelon and you know that's a lot
we're going to do dailies until March
5th we're coming up on it and I'm still
in it I'm still in pump DUP I just
watched Casey nice dad's new running
video we talked about the fountain of
the secret we said the secret to the
Fountain of Youth is work and I can't I
just be working a lot harder I don't
know I
I'll talk to guys about that but check
out the shayloss channels more of that
but let's watch today's vlog copy Martin
Luther King jr. Day this was that man to
being a brave soul in this world and for
moving the species along towards the
movement of love towards our fellow
brothers and sisters
yes by right login here hey guys alright
yeah hey guys I'm here with these two
superheroes Ironman wearing Boris and
the winter is like not the first one of
my children to do that what okay
oh you're so cool like Superman we
didn't actually disguise me you're still
a skinny story okay sounds great right
now mama
no wait once upon that we say it again
can we skip doing one spawn another one
op mmm Zoe alright we're going to go
around some errands and then we'll be
back to clean the house thank you I love
when we have days like they'll be
scarcely would suppose honey nothing
scary
what's up on time and nothing now
alright let's go okay we're back
we didn't vlog any in the errands
because it was boring sorry
you know what they're getting ready in
their superhero suits painful has a lot
of superhero suits that have collected
over the years and so it'll be
interesting to see which ones net okay
girlfriend how is school can you answer
a question for me donate pick a bite yet
how many books have you read this month
so far how many would you guess you read
a week a week this is probably three
three books a week
that's crazy high five crazy and a good
crazy cat away right I don't get crazy
and bad crazy she's a good kind of crazy
you know I'm talking about anyway if you
guys want to see something guys remember
this special bed it's been through so
much it's time to say goodbye to the
official bed yet we're giving it to
Goodwill I thought I was going to save
it and I was like why am i saving the
floor oh yeah
I had another baby it's going to be a
girl right so we're getting rid of the
cars bed I don't know if we had another
baby we'll get a new bed but it's hard
to make it by two things sometimes it's
hard to say goodbye to clothes you get
attached to you know kid toys or kid
clothes when they grow out of it I
sometimes have to like have a little I
love you goodbye I will let you out into
the world sure do
blinky while she's getting her books I
call you guys the special drift you guys
remember last year I feel like the drips
that we have this year is bigger than
last year's plus it is way earlier than
last year's accumulated like last year
it was I don't know March maybe let me
have this dress it's only January and we
got a crazy drift check it out guys
I tried for a little while to keep that
area clear and then I finally just gave
up it's crazy it's just where this now
happens to collect the way the wind
blows okay so these are the books that
you're reading yes and okay so you've
read a few in that series is this a
series yeah and this is yep have you
read all focus on deserving girl honey
little sisters drama and smile oh look
at you you're such a thespian
that'll work anyways good job honey I'm
glad you love Tommy hey guys it's dinner
time and I just made some elk patties
I mean patty milk that's what it is it's
an elk patty melt it's really good right
honey oh my goodness gracious it's so
delicious hey everybody what's going on
shaycarl here hi I'm here to talk to you
about gravity gravity glob where's my
house hey you can eat this it's no good
dude I like this new strap I've livery
yeah that's mine I like mid text here I
know I've tried restaurant I know 11:00
a deadly I'm sorry our serves a little
slow a little short-handed
excuse me sir give the Wi-Fi password
what's the Wi-Fi password you guys know
you brought can we take that tooth out
yeah nice I thought fatty and don't try
to take the kids out we're gonna yeah
roaring you can you a light you never
the last time you pulled out your other
tooth
be honest did it hurt at all you can
push that with your tip you're telling
me push hard enough
what if you swallow it again I just
don't want you to swallow
yeah whatever jeez man who is also you
know what I'm going to love when you
have that big gown very much yeah I put
he's watching Batman your favorite is
easy overpass and spider-man
what do you barking with Batman oh okay
cool
wait let me roughly again you missed me
yeah well it's Kim
I'll raffle you say that was delicious
Miranda sings over here Miranda sings
ruined my dinner she what was she doing
was that video the pancake challenge she
started like gagging right when I was
eating my sandwich I was like Miranda
you're ruining my DNR she was like
gagging over there and he's cracking up
I'm like okay your lovely lady your
lovely all right guys we're out skiing
and Gavin's going to do some tricks on
the terrain park I'm excited I haven't
seen him do any yet today
Oh dig it that's okay I can delete this
clip okay I deleted it
Oh can you guys see my face how close am
i hope the joy of editing you guys you
can be instantly amazing it's no warning
or just cut out the other 500 takes
before that okay he's going to do it
again it's getting all geared up guys it
is so beautiful out here today this
mountain is gorgeous
screams very nice and look up tops you
see I just love the snow-capped trees up
there so pretty all right we're ready
get whatever you are I know it's going
to be your best one cuz you're a
champion oh shoot I'm not
that's 439 hi alright we just went up
again an hour back down at the terrain
park and you know guys I can't ski and
vlog at the same time like shaken he's
pretty professional and he impresses me
he can go backwards he can do flips
holding a camera for heaven's sake spit
you're amazing anyway let's walk the
Gavin here he comes
nice dude nice job dad
okay whirring dinner eula skin and we
need some calories and merrily a B it
says she's going to do a back handspring
and the Chinese of the restaurant all
right let's see it came out my about my
in a background got a fighter job hard
oh no did you hit your head that was a
nice mountain when I look Kate brought
us here don't you think you guys should
make this video with my underthings oh
my god Vienna videos Madison Emmy I'm
surprised
well I'll get you to get in character
okay about Travis things Impressionism
Emily heavy cinnamon we have them
radically different meals they so on
o'clock order to use we're in this for
you I just have a big deer that's what I
do see right here all right quiet choice
were you not the rocketry and up Alicia
my heart flutters watch fulfillment
right screen come why would an ice-cream
- 8 members it's 26 times I thought she
could
I said damn beautiful attitude today
said no I don't want you to back with
event then I said why many s because you
my brother and I love you
he did not he said that okay gonna pull
your tooth out
you are why'd you say you loved him cuz
why he's your friend and your brother
okay doctor you want to come watch Brock
pull his tooth out he's gonna go pull
tooth out right now you thirsty
okay you ready okay
hey we've gone from sure called
smart you last time I went in the Train
you're getting wiser and wiser with
every tooth heredity yeah Emmy you ready
for those Avia everybody get in here
it's truthful in time way see I know
that's a note what oh just a little bit
cool here you got to push it kind of man
hey I could do it real quick for you
they should come out in two seconds I'll
be so cross with you I put hard really
hard what do we all have to pull your
tooth out he hasn't won a state
dachshund later all are doing it I'll be
ever edible hated you following
organizations like driving yourself
oh yeah January is either cool let me
get a good grip oh okay like are I see
the pull hard
go
I'll pull out in two seconds I promise
order okay pull hard
yeah you got it Oh fill it
oh you got this myself oh you're right
oh oh there goes the gun please I love
you bro this is my way to see you leo
still give me a good oh well he did it
very nicely mixed well this is all right
another loss there it is it is the smile
is looking more and more different every
day
well I'd say that's pretty talented oh
do not try to go home oh my goodness
that makes me nervous
whoa nice
don't try it Brock Brock he is good
all right tonight we had authentic
street tacos is the meat we cut up some
lime some radishes some cilantro and
onion I think you're not pretty good not
exactly taco wagon status but we'll work
on it no I'm gonna burn my yummy okay
