is that you did you take a picture
yourself he took a selfie of yourself
what is going on here
Jackson you getting buried Emmy you look
like a very princess flying through the
air what do you say good morning hi
hello here we are in sunny Southern
California Los Angeles to be exact we're
cleaning up getting ready for VidCon
vacuuming I told Taylor if she doesn't
get her room clean she's not gonna say
her anymore I don't care if she hides
behind a cardboard thing half the time
she's staying here Jason pick up after
herself she won if she wasn't stuck
behind that horn well I don't care she
can't just be sitting here all the time
peeking behind boards leaving stuff on
the ground another from the living room
to here because while we were gone and
like she can replace have you seen like
when we got here sorry Taylor why did we
just get here two days ago and this
closet already looks like it does your
closet at home how much stuff you got
sister pull that help us we didn't make
any of that mess or that all right get
it clean it's gonna be a crazy day I
have a bunch of meetings at maker
studios we'll get ready for VidCon
VidCon is tomorrow
what you got Elmo who's ready go to
VidCon you guys excited that's daddy's
phone that's right
I like your Elmo doll hi I'm help oh
let's get some breakfast
it's morning time
we can What did he say to force em to
talk is that you did you take a picture
yourself he took a selfie of yourself
Elmo's hopin spider-man's holding the
drapes
what's spider-man doing over there see
holding the juleps for us or is he hold
on for dear life okay sounds good can
you guys believe that we got to meet
Steven Spielberg yesterday I'm still
like
and he said when we write when we walked
up and you never know it's like is he
just saying that but right when we
walked up he goes oh you guys are famous
in our family I'm like what so then I
got the camera out and then he said what
he said in yesterday's vlog but uh how
crazy is that
Tufton old-fashioned way maybe the
people down below us might not like that
maybe we should just back you instead
it's gonna be a good day though Cecily
is coming over I think the kids are
gonna go swim in I got some meetings and
then we're gonna go to the beach tonight
it's gonna be awesome
getting dirty laundry putting clean
laundry in the dryer got to get ready
for VidCon oh okay now these the dirty
clothes yeah they're all wrapped up in
there
Smarties Daxton Butler get down from
there what are you doing huh did you
find some candy hmm
how'd you get up there I wonder who yeah
I can see that so here's the conundrum
we got to LA two days ago and already
all of our VidCon stuff that we packed
half of it's dirty and scattered all
over the house so today is get the
apartment clean get all the clothes
clean repacked so that we can drive down
to Anaheim and go to VidCon so I am
doing laundry like you guys I do laundry
see you guys watching the Moms view I
did this laundry I want another
percentage point on how much I helped
around the house
right this other mom's you knows what
I'm talking about all right we're
getting the apartment clean nice job
buddy
nice job looking good all right ladies
we any farther about the beds made get
in the suitcases packed back up all
right all right good job
thanks for the help tank hey Kayla
thanks for helping on Colette just ran
to the airport to go get a nanny that's
gonna help us during VidCon so she's at
the airport and my job is to try to get
this apartment as clean as possible
before she gets back okay we're playing
a game says Li has curly hair is
straight right now
it should grow under the water like you
can orally to draw arrows over it curly
hair experiment as spellers don't know
what that's like
none of us earlier walked over here but
if they're all so fascinated Dec 10 are
you having fun in the water what do you
have oh you have mermaids let's see them
show me your mermaid you wanted to me to
know the joy of guys their Kaymer maids
just making sure Jackson in true
California fashion we are at the pool
and we're having a race okay on your
mark get set go
oh my gosh it looked exactly like a tie
okay we'll have to review the footage
but it looks exactly like a tie
reviewing the footage they both hold on
you got splashed on yeah what is done
okay so both of them review the footage
and they both agree it was a tie exactly
so we're going to do it again all right
are we ready on your mark get set go
Oh avi avi wins good job wait are you
gonna rise right thank you I'm going to
racing with me okay okay the winner is
currently busy so we're gonna have a
different race okay you ready
on your mark it's set go
9:7 win huh she was like three strokes
outside of the water shoe all you would
know she went to state for swim so
Jackson are you gonna race are you gonna
win
Oh Johnson you had to test the water
first jumpy ready go
go like this Oh belly flop did you belly
flop
your clothes nice job how do people
we're at the park lost land on river
this is a cool swing you want to go
higher
yeah okay comin to be sure high thing
that happens when you become a pass
Winston sleeping in the sand oh my
goodness hi Winston what are you doing
monster twisted what you doing oh there
he goes
guess where he's going he's going over
there with the children that weren't
supposed to get in the water but then
did is the way it goes of course it
started with Gavin he's was childish I'm
not pushing I'm not pushing whoa Gavin's
the child that I think he was efficient
his past life if there's any ever body
of water he has to get in the back I was
saying as long as I possibly can
you want to get out all right putting
the brakes on called the part we have
pushed both kids at the same time it's a
lot to handle when you have two kids
around the same age both on his swing so
you gotta get creative
hey push push push push
you know so work out oh you want to get
out whoo all right girlfriend she walked
through the week
what happened so messy so you guys get
for playing in the sand all dressed in
her clothes you know I couldn't keep him
out all right there's my monkey girl
she's Jane Jane and Tarzan sometimes my
jokes are stupid huh and that's okay as
long as I'm happy
hi you got to get some poop in your
swing yep that's my child ooh yeah I'd
say that's uh that's pretty brave I mean
that's a very very very tall rope what
you're sad why are you sad oh look your
daddy's doing something cool look how
cute he is
hey handsome I'm not still a kiss from
you later what he's like oh I know I
know I'm keeping track don't slide down
either ouch
she's so cool you're awesome Evie yeah
you didn't what why are you sad
come over here let's go talk to Emmy
come on let's go interview Emmy she's
amazing babe your daughters are amazing
trust good press you look really good
too I mean climb to the very top
yeah just
oh boy oh boy that's my cute husband
he's my cute husband what do you say you
don't have to just because you're HR
doesn't mean you have to do acrobatics I
mean I'm not doing them right now good
job you're so strong
yeah you can you gotta keep trying
he's debbie downer right now Daxton
downer right now watch I'm just gonna
try next Emmy you look like a very
princess flying through the air
you're the most lovely fairy princess
ever she's beautiful oh now you want to
do now that your brother's doing it very
cool and putting gigant on his hands
right let's really see their like glow
yeah okay it's Jackson's turn
Paxton's turn oh don't let go just chug
you're gonna get down dude you did it
you did it you did it okay watch out
don't get kicked in the head by your
sister that wouldn't be cool another
fairy princess as lovely it could be
what do we do way too many women you're
runnin dooby-dooby-doo wait do that
again view to get it running it buddy I
like this I like this blitz what a good
daddy more very princessing is happening
go get those fairy princess muscles
going Oh
hard hard hard listen to the coach back
here nice job fairy princess okay
there's another fairy princess ba ba ba
ba ba ba
you guys are cool the grace go if you go
oh she got intimidated there's the last
fairy princess what swings okay just a
minute
love you hey mom is on the Rings
oh yeah don't have hands that are tough
oh oh my what's going on here what is
going on here
Jackson you getting buried don't move
your toes look at him looking down New
York it is look at a little face wait
wait I missed the sand monster being
unveiled unleash me a much untamed man
we tonight
Santa Monica you got it you got to go
back for it go back for it get it nice
had a kid all right who wants me very
next video
should I say married or bury same thing
Oh thing no I just kidding I love being
married wait a second listen if I got
buried alive babe it'd be with you I
don't feel good because it's what
happened it's true wait what that's
weird job Jackson you got out haha Hemi
I'm impressed you climb to the top of
that rope seriously oh look Rocky's got
a beautiful heart ready go destroy the
roar don't break his heart I don't
recognize you get off okay that's just
not fair do it back call the go back go
back go back
whoo
Oh No Oh No dang it no house not your
fault yeah you did you literally got
hung up good man
juice in maverick you is hung up you're
stuck on these homies all about slow up
on the Rings
that rarely happens man tragic accident
happened in the 98 Olympics four games I
got tough calluses yeah you do we're
here at the pier sort of thing and we
are doing yoga it's national yoga day
yep national yoga day oh and they're
trying to do some yoga books well that
looks cool whoa oh my work sweets what
an evening sunset beach Yoga oh it's
beautiful isn't it beautiful yeah hey
guys thanks for watching what's up oh
where the pool dachshund did a front
flip into the hot tub he did so it
doesn't surprise you no hey guys um more
than slate guess where we're at right
now guess I'll give you three guesses
but you're only gonna need one or at the
swimming pool right now while I'm
editing this I mean sending you the
sense light I mean what am i doing what
are we doing we're making an end plate
for you guys cuz we're so excited we're
in California we're going to VidCon and
we will see you guys there if you're
going to VidCon if not you will see all
the fun adventures in the videos
honestly we should be packed up and
driving to VidCon right now but you know
we're doing swimming um
so check out all of last year's VidCon
playlist we have a VidCon playlist on
the front page of our channel a week
full of fun videos you guys know that
I'm usually really busy during VidCon so
I have Blake and Danny coming down and
they're gonna help edit the vlogs so
that we can get daily vlogs up during
vid con queso be looking forward to
awesome VidCon vlogs Jackson say bye
guys bye guys thumbs up this video
Oh Evan too
play out yeah that's not exactly what I
said but that works okay love you guys
see you tomorrow
cannonball would you say I look like you
where you're gonna push me in Oh mom's
getting pushed in let's see here guys
hold on hold on I'm gonna turn the vlog
camera on and this will be an eclipse
tomorrow you'll see okay ready okay go
okay guys this is from yesterday's
endslate
pusher in pusher and take that mom see
you guys tomorrow
