he's a marathon man with four cute kids
his wife Katie Wed also featured in the
Miss Sutton tar-baby tog princess and
luck you're watching for three years and
they don't stay in their home staring at
the screen waiting for the message
saying that is ready to be seen I'm back
every day like a part of the family
shapes awesome the crew living life
every day I'm watching the Shaytards la
share watching the Shaytards
some of the shaved hearts log an
adventure every day get him go get him
look he's chasing this little bird he
goes bird see that yeah as a bird Yuna
get him there he goes to eat his
breakfast he's gonna have that bird's
egg scrambled
maybe he's gonna have him over easy this
morning get him there he is right there
there he is he's attacking well there he
goes
get him get him oh he's such a little
hunter uncle Casey will be proud come
back monkey man yeah you tell that silly
bird huh well it's a beautiful Memorial
Day and me and rock-hard her up early he
got up before all the other families so
he decided to come out on a little walk
so we're gonna little walk chasing birds
that's what you do a memorial that you
chased birds cuz if anything this
country has suffered those little birds
and we're gonna get up one sparrow at a
time with rock face over here hon did
get rid of all those little birds with
our monkey and arm hey dear I guess can
give me kisses can give me kisses little
man all right fine but head see ya hey
hey look look
there he is go get him hurry sneak up on
him you sneak up on him I go kid in
there yes yeah go get him dude there yes
oh sorry girl
get him he's better he can fly I'll get
him
Oh eats it right where all the dogs go
poop and pee yeah that's gross
look at mr. man with his hand in his
pocket huh you just can just chill in
today you just casual what's with the
hand in the pocket huh not your style
just one arm as the monkey water so cool
dude how'd you get so freakin cool man
let's go come on
help Twitter's hit the earth that's good
we're making rock tight climb the stairs
I want his little baby legs to be strong
that make him climb the stairs every day
huh this is our routine he says owl and
I put it through yeah we're doing
two-a-days now huh okay check it out
YouTube baby
dude isn't that freakin cool The
Annoying Orange I was in the room and
princess card came running in and said
dad dad dad Annoying Orange how do we
know that how do you know annoyed Orange
oh you wrote it down 8:30 7:30 central
nice dude how do you know Annoying
Orange I've been in two episodes no on
YouTube it's better than TV that is so
cool that annoying orange is on Cartoon
Network daneboe our good buddy we know
the guy who created that and we've been
the way I've been yeah he just did the
voice and I've been in a couple episodes
so annoying orange is you two men you
haven't ever seen episode of Annoying
Orange and you're gonna start seeing it
all over TV from YouTube that's really
awesome congrats to him and now we will
eat this mango in history you thought
the leashes pretty doing it probably
will sorry
yeah my spell on my monkey man
my monkey man what's that did you switch
oh my gosh
that was scary what are you walking
don't say I can't keep ah seriously Dawg
he can that was crazy by whatever
English scary science man like no let's
do that maybe we should do that instead
of go to a movie yeah yeah you're right
let's go I swear it on this finger leave
me alone ladies I'm married that'll get
him this always happens to us they come
to the grocery store without a plan and
without a list and then we get sort of
embarrassed I didn't know it Shay did it
it's hot on the cinnamon bar blame him
every water I've been drinking a lot of
water it well that's good that's one
thing about our new place the other
place had a filter in the sink referred
to fresh fresh knives our water filter
me put on your tap that way I can just
keep going up the he's training he's
drinking he can't open it do you hear
that when you gotta wait until we got to
the people the food before he eats the
food I would love to be on the other
side of the aisle and see the baby David
heard what are you getting now she's
notorious for putting random things in
the cart and then I get done and then
I'm like where why do we have this
butterfly bracelet that's happened they
did that as a kid you throw stuff in the
cart she's like mini mama dead ones
maybe they will see it with everything
whatever
totally totally does not so like now
like this we really need Clark Juicy
Juice oh no baby tried look she's
already on the hunt for the next thing
oh no she's coming back with the box of
son tard
just let your look at your sister be
free except for you all in this house is
we don't get the colorful serials
because that means there's a lot of
artificial listeners only on really
special occasion I guess it's all righty
here we are once again in a slate that's
at the end why is it at the end because
the video is concluded there is no more
footage until tomorrow you'll just have
to wait patiently until we upload a
fresh right happiness of juicy delicious
joyfulness what are you laughing at I'm
just trying to add your tithe that means
give adjectives to the vlog we're trying
to add you type it it is super fun and
exciting and delicious and I don't know
what we're doing here we are insulating
what this is this is the great question
of all end slates if you've ever been in
an end slate you might at yourself you
might a cure scoff don't ask yourself
but ask yourself this pregunta if you
will that's a question in Spanish what
am i doing in this end slate what am I
gonna choose there's so many options are
you the kind of person it's like ah I'm
not much of an insulator i watch the
video I have other emails to check I'm
out of here or are you the kind of guy
it's like whoa more options of
entertainment for me to view and smile
as I view these entertainment options
well there's many to choose from
shei games it's up it's fun to watch
it's basically watching a family fight
over trivial contests but we keep our
boobs in our shirts anyway no I love the
Kardashians and their boobs anyway this
end slate is getting pretty
inappropriate pretty quick so click on
what else clickety click you can just do
it with your little clicker
you got one of those they come free with
every computer one free clicker with
every computer that's a good sales point
one freak okay this is getting obvious
that the insulate is long because we are
lacking on footage you know that means
long end slate long intro no footage
alright we're done with this end slate
you suckers go click on a video and I'll
see you tomorrow
peace
