hi I'm login here good morning everybody
I love eggs on tart quick right there
you are good morning
it is 7:00 a.m. on a Saturday morning
yeah what are we doing what do we do is
counts for Memorial Day we're headed to
the Los Angeles Cemetery big Cemetery to
place plaques on the gravestones and if
you're from out of the country Memorial
Day in the US is a day that we honor
those who have passed on and more
specifically those that have died
defending our country and you know royal
days to honor them so we're going to
place plaques on the grave sites and
yeah I think it's a great experience
it's going to be good for all the scouts
and I better ship or move this morning
and it's going to be great so let's get
there safely here we are look at this
you guys this is the LA cemetery we're
going to go place flags on
the site if all the scouts pretty much
in Los Angeles are here look at how
they're all standing at attention they
are here for a purpose
we're cool this is cool so fun these
guys they're in full uniform all these
gravestones are going to have blacks on
them in a couple hours
Sun turf is getting a little nervous is
like we have to put them I said yes but
all of these people that are here are
doing it so it's not gonna be that bad
what do you think this is neat turn we
will now have cabin Brechner from two
three oh seven even animals in the mill
boa Oaks district Nicholas Kiser improve
9-1-1 in northridge Annabelle
Jamie Smith the Girl Scouts is chasing
just
with liberty and justice for all
well here we are are you ready son
charge yeah Wow
okay so Colton okay so we have this
whole section I was hoping that we would
have the ones with the great stone
sticking up this is so pretty over there
but that's just doing I'm not going to
be selfish and did you hear how specific
they said that we need to place them on
we need to go from the humble thing look
look at the name nice - I need to read
the name right we need to place the flag
a foot away from the headstone two
inches in the ground and then hatch
aloevera a moment of silence salute
that's what we were planning on doing
let's get going Pennsylvania World War
two
good job these people have died and
fought for our freedoms World War one a
nurse this is an Army nurse thin sweet
genuine Pennsylvania's the US Army World
War two there it is this place is so
amazing look at all that and I've even
stretches up even further up the hill
there's a whole other section this is so
amazing just to imagine all these people
died serving our country they gave their
lives serving our country to read their
names and to know that they were loved
by feel they had families and it's
awesome it's really interesting to to go
through and it shows their name and
their rank and just the different you
know capacities that people served in
this is cool this is a really cool
experience it makes me really grateful
to be a part of our country and to just
have people that you know have so much
passion and honor and deserve our
respect anyways this is a neat
experience if you guys ever get a chance
to be part of something like this
take it it's cool Wow well I'll get the
journals that will target this
so these names are all the ones that
have been cremated I just feel
overwhelmed with this experience like
all these people and imagine if all
those great stones and all these people
like we're standing here today just what
that would look like
I just this is cool oh cool and amazing
those are the only words that I know to
describe this experience why are we on
the party photos no weird losers were on
the loser boat we're at El Torito
it's a restaurant here by those I've
never been here we'll just happened upon
it what did you see what I see we don't
need no party boat
yeah oh man you're a party pooper party
pooper that looks like the tired like I
know that's the tired babe
that's gonna completely cat
little fingers where's little face hey
say hi Z's underneath the table hey what
are you doing over there
come here he's hanging from the table
new closet new closet
so in selecting a tie for church so I
want to wear this belt to church
hey didn't go be judged if I wear this
belt to church judge dad so cool so I
don't even have because I've lost my
weight these are the only belts that fit
me and so I usually go with this one but
I have a suit coat but these are
different pants you know slapping it in
the thoughts not per day today and so I
don't have a suit coat to go with these
pants so I'm going to go with one of
these belts which one do you think mmm
these pressure right a black one the
bill is a more conservative boo-boo so
if you're at church and you saw me
wearing this it would be like oh my god
does look cool your butt looks nice
how do you think if you saw me I like
that one well yeah mr. Buckner what no
matter where you hide appropriate oh god
I do have a blue heart I do have a blue
neurons that I could wear so what if I
wore this one is that like I got this
huge Volcom thing on the net
marbeth wear it down approps it's not
our reference am I going to hell now
right I'm going to hell maybe just won't
work belt I go no belt I don't want to
be judged hey truck you can wear shorts
flip-flops and whatever else and you
would go to church okay
thanks ed who's got flip-flops on you're
gonna get a spanking hey mister man you
ready to go
pretty church dance preacher chance
because I'm always yelling you know me
I'm a loudmouth I'm obnoxious loud now
so I'm just I'm thinking you guys that
the Monday vlogs are just gonna be kind
of like a mixture of what we did on
Saturday and Sunday and then we'll do
one take Sunday's of just like us
hanging out you know I'm saying I think
that might be a good what's that a good
idea
Judy and did it fall a picture of Jesus
fell was it up there no where was it no
were you pointing that dude
alright let's go guys come on let's get
in dick Carter just getting the car oh
headstand pre Church headstand oh wow
dude
they're so wall there bring your diaper
extra diaper just in case yeah that's
four year bums when you gonna learn to
go poopoo in the potty whoa is that get
inside there you get inside there Oh
teacher you want to try the door
game shut it grab it can you shut it
here I'll help you dude here I'll help
you sorry
what are dads for I mean come on other
than to help their son right I mean
Susan see ya
bye-bye hold on the dolls are in the way
alright honey I'm doing things I'm not
supposed to be doing on camera rocked
our client in the dryer then he told me
to shut it then he said bye-bye
hey was that too long he's like oh shut
it
here grab it up here grab it on the top
can you shut it let's see if you're that
talented of a baby huh
there we go we're gonna put you on
Talent Search of the baby stars my baby
can get in a dryer and shut it all by
himself he doesn't even need help from
his big brother
I'll watch the fingers he wants to do it
yeah all right get out of there okay
let's go to church red shoes mm-hmm
buzzer shut it I'll shut it come on
anyways next on Talent Search of the
baby stars come on let's go let's go red
shoes okay we're going to church like it
I'm gonna get Carly at the airport LAX
so I dropped the family off at church
and now I'm going to pick up Carly she's
been a night of hosh this is back and
forth thing just to take Cooper back and
forth so she's coming back to California
cut up on kind of Vanya because she is
she lives here and she's making videos
I'm going to pick up my sister I'm
excited to see her that last clip was
super up-close on my face huh that's
embarrassing oh right this one last
little thingy has to heal and then I'll
be fresh left again where's Carly of
lame-o's I also hope you guys are all
having a good Memorial Day weekend and
on this 3-day joyousness I hope you guys
are thinking of those who have fought
bravely for our country past and present
do you agree with the causes they fought
for I don't think that necessarily
matters as much as the bravery it took
to sign up to be willing to go in to
fight for our country for any cause I
think that's pretty noble of men and
women and I'm proud to say that my
grandfather was a colonel in the Air
Force and my dad served in the where's
my sister
served in the Army Reserve for 12 years
what my dad did okay Carly oh there she
is hi Carly I'm logging jump in dog you
put a quarter in the ashtray boys
radical the bathroom you are you to spy
when you wanna hear me pee or anything
they can't it's a freak it out jet
I've never peed in there you could go
inside of the bathroom and be like black
rat vomit and poop and a wheel here
every lady they spirited girl it's rock
I don't know I trimmed it I it's not
like you grow your beard back it's like
you decide to like shape it who is that
oh well that she's my wife she loves me
more than you
ha ha together alright let's go do it
hair cheers Allen wrenches I'm gonna
keep this what are these guys doing son
tards sleeping are you sleeping
Memorial Day tomorrow you can stay up
late set for your sawing logs baby
chisel Memorial Day tomorrow's me
balance huh
and then we're in here trying to get
this house together slowly but surely
Hey oh the beautifulness she puts these
in and my job is to come after behind
and tighten it up like a manly man with
the allen wrench I'll go through and
tighten all those up hey we just wanted
to clear up for the vlogs that we did
move the bike away from the ledge there
was a lot of comments tagged that's the
first thing we did when after we put
that bike up there but bless your hearts
you guys are all thinking about Rob
charges you knew he was climb up dude
you have no freaking teeth man alright
so putting together the bed and we're
gonna get this room I'll shoot it up
it's gonna be all pink and cute uh-huh
to be so purple and pink and precious
every such a precious powder well it has
hues of pink look there's pink right
there the light shades are pink and
Phil's pinkish in here to me it's
usually slightly pink everything in here
is pink
yeah like Pinkalicious alright so Sunday
night yes see you guys tomorrow
working hard hopefully we'll have this
bed put together
say good night red star canary night
from banana
you
