stupid go it's not a picture dude it's a
video it's dinnertime at the Shaytards
easy with your cheesy breezy what's
going on
sneezy you're about to spill all over
your lemon cheesy Caesar salad
dude this is why I got up today I knew
that this would be in my life these
croutons to parmesan oh this Caesar Ness
honey you have really out Caesar Duras
day this is a fine Caesar said Caesar
and I have a Caesar haircut so I would
know isn't this called the Caesar
remember like you'd like pull it all
down it's about the same haircut had
last 10 years except where I started a
new thing where like spike up the top a
little bit yeah what's up it's the spiky
Caesar I call it the spiky Caesar I'm
talking more about my hairdo than
anything all right here you go here we
go pass the Caesar all right so we just
came home from church now we're having a
little dent in mommy tard whipped us up
some kind of it pastas that it's not
chicken
it's like ravioli style but that's with
pesto sauce and rockface McGillicuddy is
enjoying his sun-dried tomatoes Styles
ass fancies fancy word what happened to
your tooth well what don't stab the
table bro don't stab the table rock face
hey did centered pull it out son chard
pulled out prints and starts to let me
see smile she's missing it ten of her
per for she has a four missing teeth
what kind of pasta is this that's my
favorite
you lost the same amount of teeth no you
haven't have you lost the same ago are
you
you've lost eight teeth wow you just
need to grow yours back princess card
what do you need this delicious Caesar
salad with you really rely it relied on
those back teeth hardship those those
salt those molars are really coming in
handy today huh baby card molder Oh
Mulder
it's a folder oh you lost a folder did
you delete it off your desktop that's
socks and I happened what a molar a
molar well those were the best kind to
lose if they have cavities on alright
baby try to get your dinner ready yet
look I heard getting hurt a little plate
ready she's got her Caesar salad or
bread and her pasta oh yeah alright so
we're just hanging out one take Sunday
today if you haven't yet please go check
out chez games it is up and live now we
lost well we can't tell you that crab
we'll check it out damn it's fun to
watch though it's entertaining to watch
plus sun card is the host are you
excited to do another one son tard you
got to get a new suit man you want to
host next time princess card or just a
little Sun thar be mad if he take if she
takes it she takes the spot better not
take it inspired the baby dart what's on
your face dude
do you ever hurt you ever hurt alright
check out Shay games it's really fun
we're gonna do another one where you
like your guys and suggestions for us
there links below
she gives us up and then we'll see you
tomorrow we're just having a little
dinner dinner or do you guys are having
a heavy Sunday I'm about to dig into
that Caesar salad old sign oh man yeah
the Caesar salads going Luke owes us we
need to have like one like official
thing on this one takes Sunday tell us
you guys one thing you learned in church
something to help the world she did why
don't you go senior why don't you read
your scripture to us it's a good it's a
good scripture actually it's about music
about how song is a prayer yeah anyways
so dude son tired help your sister wide
so hard we give her a little smack on
the back of the head for being such a
numskull just just a little one she's
trying to leave the lid on as she's
pouring the dressing and you guys just
start hitting each other in the head
good thank you
easy on the Caesar GZ she's showing off
I'm gonna turn the camera off
she has Caesar all over her nose no nose
it all right have a good day we'll see
you guys tomorrow
that's nine did
by Rock chart blown kisses by n√¥ kisses
bye
you later see tomorrow kisses kisses
there you go blow some kisses there you
silly baby head
