why are you staring at me fan what are
their stops scary not stupid Robin oh
pretty
oh yeah hey woman hey I don't want to
get out of bed okay
make us so I don't have to get out of
bed today well you're already out of bed
so you might as well just stay out what
no it's too late you can't the seal I
haven't broken the seal see look I feel
comfortably attached how many times the
morning do you have to get up and pee a
lot I got a big peepee what wait I mean
I have to pee a lot because I drink a
lot of water at night like this man
what's up dog that what he's doing let's
see your incredible hope where you going
dude good morning everybody
Cheerios and watermelon for breakfast it
looks like huh and coffee nice cup of
joe we don't drink coffee though so hot
cocoa I guess cocoa and usually it's not
hot usually it's it like it's in a
cooled form in like a bar we usually
like it in our hot chocolate in bar form
do you want to hear this song the next
song that mommy tards gonna do a cover
two and I just keep playing over and
over because I cannot wait to hear their
version of it plus it's kind of like a
really like haunting song like nostalgic
feeling would you say it's a nostalgic
feeling song and you know how I feel
about nostalgia killing songs and it's
from our old buddy Taylor Swift you guys
should start listen to this song and
then
call that and caliing them out with
their version you can be like it or this
soft it's not as good as Taylor Swift
what I mean yes you'll decide once that
comes out sing Abed
hurry hurry sing you're doing my job I'm
supposed to be doing them that's my job
what
stay off the table at school spray and
Cheerios see dude Lori's gone but he's
cute I think you yeah this I think he
likes the carpet the carpet to it I love
I love being able to run around on the
carpet you know I was murdered because I
could do
you okay that's put your shoes on oh hey
okay so I'm gonna talk to guys real
quick so you guys are freaking out man
why are you guys freaking out so much
there's so much right now some of you
guys in the comments like I said I swear
you guys love your drama more than your
mama and that's a lot of llama Obama say
a lot of you guys are just totally
totally tripping balls that we moved and
we didn't tell you yeah we moved and
that's something that me and Colette
chose to do for our family there was
a number of reasons why we moved I don't
know that we need to like sit down and
have a giant discussion with you guys
every time we make a decision in our
lives the reason that we moved is the
main reason is cuz we want to save our
money we want to save up I just got out
of the shower so my hair is all wet and
I've got to deal with these things you
guys it's so embarrassing I read in the
comments I think you guys were right
because I have this this unfortunate
Nassif it's not harpist it's not a true
my lip column so ugly
dang it yeah I apparently got these cold
sores at some time in my life and they
don't I don't want to get you guys too
close because you might catch them but
they don't go away they just like lay
dormant in your face and your body like
suppresses them and because of the strep
throat I think my body took all the
resources and said we're heading to the
throat that needs to be taken care of
first and then the cold sores are like
yay
well the virus is in his throat we'll go
play on his lip so I think the cold
sores were able to come out then cuz the
body got tired of suppressing them
because it went to work on the strep
throat and then the cold sores came out
so you know got bacteria and viruses
just crawling all over my body that's
disgusting so that hurts anyway so the
reason we moved is like I said we're
saving up our money we do we want to buy
a house California's been great for us I
know you guys love Idaho and we do too
and we'll go back there but just because
of our business maker studios being here
we got to be here and it's it's good for
us and you know a lot of people are
saying oh you tubes dine save YouTube
that's a main reason why we started
maker studios two and a half years ago
because I thought to myself hey self
that's what I call myself I'm talking to
myself
what if this YouTube thing doesn't last
forever maybe you should do some other
stuff so that you're ready so that if
YouTube explodes one day you'll have
some other options that seems like a
smart choice so we started a company and
that's maker studios and it's grown and
it's become really successful and that's
one of the reasons that we did that and
when we do these other things like
swivel and you know merchandise and
shirts because we're branching out
this is amazing it's amazing to have
this as my job
and I want to keep it that way so yeah I
do other things like you know make your
studios and a lot of things you guys
don't like it's like I just wanted to be
you your family in the vlogs well that
can't sustain itself forever you know we
got to be honest I as a as a provider
for my family I have to think about
these things that I have to prepare you
know for what's gonna happen in the
future and you have to change that's the
only constant in life is changed things
are always gonna change and if you're
not willing to change
you're gonna go flying off the road I
just read a tweet I think is Rev Run
Wilson he's got like some of the best
tweets
him and his brother but um you talked
about something about a road people
don't like change they're going straight
on a road and the road turns you got a
turn man sometimes you just got a turn
if you're not willing to turn your
Swingle crashing off the road so
remember that the only constant in life
is change and this is a change we're in
a new house we're the same Shaytards
we're the same family and we're here to
make fun exciting positive content of
you guys to sit down and watch and
hopefully it brings a smile to your face
and like I said that's what these vlogs
are about not the drama behind why we
moved their address got out and they
gotta move because somebody's gonna
murder whatever does anything
be reasonable all right we moved because
we want to save money and you know
they're the reason the address did get
out and it was good that we weren't
moving because that probably would have
made me feel a little like oh I don't
like our address being out there because
I do worry about our kids safety I don't
want our exact location known we
probably moved a week sooner than we
would've if our address wouldn't have
gotten out well let's see
when's the 15th because our lease is up
June 15th if you remember exactly one
year ago we moved into that house and
then it's been a year so our lease is up
so we either had to renew the lease or
get into a new place and trust me I'll
tell you this much right now we're
saving from that house to this apartment
at least at least $1,200 a month
that's how expensive it is hearing
health
I'll tell you that much that's how much
we're saving by moving in this apartment
it's a lot smaller this apartment is
about 1,600 square feet and that house
was like 3,000 so this at this apartment
is like half of the other house so we
will be saving a lot of money and it'll
be good for us we'll be able to save
some cash and be able to hopefully buy a
house next year or two years because
California is really really expensive
it's ridiculously expensive okay I hope
you guys have a great day I hope that
was a good talk
do we have a good talk des understand
now I love you guys anyways off to
another day we're moving see you later
can't even see me in it weirdo oh don't
leave that all up there no yeah did you
ask me that I didn't understand what you
meant did you ask him to bring those
down did you stack them all up okay
let's go put those back up there cuz
they're Bret's he's gonna come and get
him she's gonna put her back up there so
we bring him down like I need a wrench
okay bring it over here
that's my toolbox is that my first where
did I get that toolbox huh where to get
this like where'd I get this wife huh
but I find this lovely lady in a bed of
roses
this show like all the pores in my nose
no this doesn't have a macro lens so I
couldn't okay I need these okay
follow me follow me follow me we go with
the wrench to the bathroom where are we
unscrewed ah it's me silly what I'm
weird
I'm excited okay see you loser okay so
this is my daddy's this daddy's job we
found me real quick okay everybody so as
you know we are moving because you know
because we are downsizing the butler's
are downsizing like our lease is almost
up and then we just so happen to be
stupid
and for our address offerings so just
happen now happen now happened in
yesterday's vlog the one take we did
yesterday where we showed you the new
place you guys are probably shocked
because you guys are I like whoa I had
to get a new place so fast
well we'd already found that that
apartment before our address that even
been found out so anyways what the
butler's are downsizing we're getting
into an apartment we were gonna save
money and we're gonna try to just save
up money to buy a house here in
California here in California we believe
in the future of California let me take
us here who's also
that's our t-shirts nigga I think he's
just a Cal I like that too spam let's
get back into acting he's gonna be in
that new movie I know it's like all the
weight of the world was on my shoulders
we still thanks anyways all right where
were we
hey guys welcome to the N sleep where we
have all these beautiful links for you
guys to pick from in order to continue
your Shaytards adventures why don't you
start to your left where you have
yesterday's vlog in case you missed it
or you can start on your right where she
answers your questions in his new
shayloss video and in this video he
invites you guys to leave video
responses so he can use them in future
shayloss videos as always we have the
one two and three in the middle for what
the shooters were doing one year ago two
years ago in three years ago in the
video from one year ago Shay is hanging
out with raywilliamjohnson why crazy I
guess it's not that crazy but still it's
like ray william johnson check it out or
if you like Shay check it out yay and
the video from three years ago Shay was
hanging out with all kinds of youtubers
like do you guys remember the gradual
report he's still around I think on the
youtubes and hanging out with Cassim
Lisa Shane Dawson
me I was hanging out with them in this
video but you don't actually see me I
think around like four minutes and
something you can hear my voice in the
background for a second like when they
were crossed in the street but I never
actually a mime camera but still I was
there I remember that night I guess
that's not really important since you
don't even see me but there's all these
other youtubers in that video so check
that out fun times three years ago cray
cray and yeah that's everything I have
to tell you about the enslaved and
