all right so Stevens Milberg hello we
know the family they're famous in our
home no ray you guys go see The BFG go
see the Big Friendly Giant so seriously
for this guy this guy Joey say Academy
Award performance wouldn't you agree I'm
saying right now hand anyway did I just
get directed by Steven Spielberg I did
I'm sorry I'm sorry
I was told to pan down yes sir okay she
did amazing that's the real Academy
Award winner right there yeah all right
all right we need a picture
yo yo yo yo what's up good morning
everybody
where we going what are we doing huh
movie we're going to a movie
right now let's go to a movie yes go see
the stars look we're just one big happy
family shall watch fall so far what's
that is all a game uniform oh yeah dad
made it up I made it up Union a BIA
perpetuated it yes that was a song I
made up one havea did I make that up
confirm that I don't know listen we
don't need to fight over my behavior
made it up no you mean all right we're
at the London in West Hollywood
let's go in here alright look my forte
Lee's here boom Emmie show me your best
friend hand sake look they're working on
theirs back there right Amy's got
paparazzi glasses she will take them off
last time we were hanging out with these
guys work in Washington DC at the White
House that was fun huh I like that
restaurant we went Nate out afterwards
had really cool artwork in it remember
yeah it was good that good calamari
anyways alright you guys ready for this
movie give me bounce have you guys seen
the trailer for this movie I showed it
to Brock this morning and he was
freaking out he's pumped yeah where is
Brock by the way we've lost him okay
Brock check it out wow what a welcome
Kevin yeah oh yeah Widow interview okay
we're here at the movie let me just show
the movie look you guys were here at PFG
we're getting a sneak peak screening the
world is more giant than you can ever
imagine Brock you excited to see this 3d
glasses okay let's go do an interview
you have to wear your 3d glasses you
don't have to take off your sunglasses
for a sec it snacks and treats ready
this is awesome I smell like
good on these 3d glasses these are nice
I'm excited have any of you heard about
this movie directed by Steven Spielberg
oh hey yeah you know the guy who's a
probably the best movie maker of all
time you know Steven Spielberg you ever
heard that name he's made all of the
best movies mmm what do you guys think
should we let her have a coat maybe you
guys can share you guys can share wrong
yes share yep what are you eating what
are you drinking you got a sprite rocks
rock in the spray awesome popcorn all
right we're in the front row Gavin
Bobby you excited gap body excited Bob
he has a major thumbs up that's personal
yes oh dude oh yeah it's kind of far
actually it's a good quarter-mile
can you marry Susan she's this not just
get out there out the exit to the right
to the left to the right to the left you
got it mm-hmm
okay love this event to start tell your
friends you saw first you guys will just
saw the BFG oh yes G stands for it is
Big Friendly Giant or better so excited
to have you guys here you guys excited
whoo yeah the screenings gotta go over a
few things
yeah yes I don't have a favorite part so
many what's your favorite part over
there
my Cherie and get to talk loud awesome
do you guys have a very good age up to
the ocean get rid of those Giants huh
coffee spilled all over them Wow hello
oh hello Stella Bird Rock recognize her
look that was the car movie that's a
girl movie
she's awesome hello thank you guys for
coming so we're going to have a Q&A and
some of you guys prepared some questions
in the front row so if you could raise
your hand if you have those questions
and often genius but right though the
youngest the youngest write this up like
you really were the ones that did talk
to this were there any bloopers or
outtakes in this movie
the thing about yes there are a lot but
all the outtakes happen when before it
ever went into the animation all the
outtakes happened when we were actually
when Ruby and Mark and Jemaine who plays
plus one Peter and the other Giants on
performing how do you pretend like the
giant was there a long time lock was
actually bad
and so that was very helpful and all the
times I would just be looking at a green
ball on the end of the stick sometimes
get quite hard as well miss popping is
very complicated because the BFG enjoys
was popping he doesn't feel bad about it
you see so that that took some acting
how it was Italy weird seeing yourself
expanded into this figure like through
the CGI of the digital animation how was
it experience for you
I don't know how you will feel but it's
always weird seeing yourself isn't it
when you see a picture of yourself that
really matches of how you imagined you
look inside but there are a couple of
dreams that I that my imagination put in
on the shelves in the dream cave and one
of the dreams was something I always
wanted as a kid which was a wrapped gift
it could be a birthday present or some
kind of a present with wrapping in a
boat and before I opened it all I had to
do was say to myself what I wanted it to
be and it would be that way when I
opened it up new wrappings you know how
to animate that and that's when I
realized now this is my loudspeaker this
is my microphone this is all going to be
able to really tell stories now so I
think the great thing about making any
movie I make me the most fun is just
actually being able to do it alright so
Steven snow burg hello
we know the family they're famous in our
home no gray okay I was gonna like okay
anyway let me get a picture right now
you guys go see The BFG go see the Big
Friendly Giant seriously for this guy
this guy Joey say Academy Award
performance wouldn't you agree I'm
saying it right now
anyway did I just get directed by Steven
Spielberg I did I'm sorry I'm sorry I
was told to pan down yes sir okay
she did amazing that's the real Academy
Award winner right there all right all
right we need a picture all right
dangling that pizza okay well we just
met Steven Spielberg do you nope
frog just dropped his pizza slip nice
catch bro you're right yeah we just met
Steven Spielberg and he said that he
watched her videos that can't be true
that's if that's only in movies does
Steven Spielberg watch Herman videos
directed by Steven Spielberg he directed
me he told me to pan down did you hear I
was told by Steven Spielberg to pawn the
camera down and I did as I was told I'm
a good DP narrating pizza yes he's
mastered all right well what a movie
we're just invited here we did not get
paid to come see this go to sprite teary
eyed I cried twice
oh you cried then I cried during the
movie money is going on over here
what this is a nice fancy hotel because
we get kicked out of here Steven
Spielberg is gonna come in here and ask
for a security deposit back he bought us
breakfast bratayley in the Shh other
kids Gavin
alright what you sing in the movie it
was good Rock did you like Haley so much
I read the book my little girl rocked
you liked the movie
rocky is being the Big Friendly Giant he
wanted to sit on my shoulders so that he
could feel like he was the Big Friendly
Giant amazing the actor who played the
Big Friendly Giant to me and I was
saying it with Steven Spielberg he
deserves Mark Rylance his I mean the
dialogue the way that he put those words
together was amazing it was really good
yeah The BFG July first check it out
okay well we're gonna go home now and
guess what we're gonna do I'll give you
three guesses you're gonna only need one
though no swimming
oh yes vidcon's not for two days yo all
right want to do this thinking about
coming his hair guys hey hey dachshund
let me do you want to cut your hair yeah
so that you can see yeah the hairs not
in your eyes yeah look how fluffy it is
in the back whisper you're being too
loud
oh okay show me it show you what wait
hey you won't want to see yourself look
I'll flip it up you see yourself now
okay that was not a leader yeah beeping
no beeping love you I think he's had
actually a one haircut before yeah but
no since then I was and it wasn't like
yeah but are we going to do well guy say
like let's cut this off I think that's
good I'll start with that and always
shorter it out just so you can see ya
and then it's it will just seem a little
thicker because he it really is like
only this little piece that's long
uh-huh they're shorter yeah you start
with that and then we can do it
hey hey you ready yeah and Java T it's
like what was that
who was annoyed are you cutting off my
power hold still sir is really long
right distr sir you're so cute Dalton Oh
Roger towel oh what a shock yeah that's
it look look yeah hey it's your hair
it's blond
yeah he cut it off oh yeah it did yes
she dude you're gonna like it I think
this little blondie locks he's told me
that Curtis remembered uh oh we love
your hair
ha
oh look now you'll be able to see okay
good for you yeah right fixing it that's
a little easier to style now yeah just
 it up yeah okay you're not done yet
whoa settle down it's excited
mostly excited to look at yourself in
the mirror for this long yeah nope guess
you cut your hair look at your hair me
no you don't cut your hair
hi dancin cute do you like your haircut
yeah Q say Thank You Kaylee if you add
kV checking in checking in stopped at a
red light stopped at a red light in the
good old minivan here we are man this
van has been through a lot
Brock I was driving this van when we
went to deliver you into the world crazy
now we're going to the beach beach run
we're hustling to get down here before
the sunset oh oh look at that that's a
green light babe grab that my guard
look at this sliding down here on trees
in sunny Southern California here it is
cno's that's where you get the bread
balls
cno's right there whatever else do they
change the thing it used to be cool no
it's red hey Dave you're right hey we
love your bread balls bro there would be
brave
sunset baby oh my goodness gracious
indeed we are alive on the earth I love
it
gotta find a parking spot I want a place
longer hi everybody I'm gonna have a
feed what it's here all right we made it
it is a gorgeous evening one of those my
goodness gracious look we are alive
right now in this moment
happy blessed grateful man you gotta
take the whole vibe like this is it this
is it right now right now this is the
secret to life just happy right now
right now so you don't say you fill me
blood of the burn
look at the pain isn't it
let's go boys you guys see Jackson's
haircut today let's go we're know play
soccer we'll play soccer
everything's yours when you're two years
old I said everything's yours when
you're two years old hey I'm - I get
what I want or I scream and throw a fit
what's up my name is to your roll docket
but I won't get it again yeah yeah yeah
come on America merica gap you ready
here we go
hi to watch our videos Jackson look
Batman Jackson look he's in the ocean hi
yo need a picture
how's it going guys what's up buddy give
me bounce no way you do how long you
been watching our videos for your entire
life no way I love your tie man you guys
are awesome yeah we're gonna picture it
good to meet you
hi you watch our videos - rock on hey
guys
those were me right sweet oh my goodness
it is cold out here but these girls will
not let that faze them they're going to
catch some sweet wave yeah there are a
lot of waves are close together right
here
they love you
magical night alert magical night alert
yes it is yes it is magical night alert
magical night alert nurseries yes it is
hey did you get the alert you didn't oh
well let me let me let limit let me let
me let you know it's a magical night
alert magical night alert magical night
alert magical night alert sounded to me
I'm out of breath isn't it hey what'd
you find there lounge chair yes did you
find a lounge chair
here that a skateboard army guy that's
cool skateboard army guy alright and for
our next feat Brock will do seaweed
ocean jump rope our getting whacked in
the face with it try it again
Oh doubles this might not work out so go
you got a jump at the same time ready go
jump Oh Oh almost here you go alright
Brock you're gonna get it wait Brock
count ready one two three go jump good
jump jump jump jump yeah keep going
nice I was really good
I love you all right getting better and
better
hey let me see that shirt speaking of
tricks and VidCon
one year ago guys were not doing a booth
this year our buddy tribe Tyler's
getting married congratulations to the
happy couple
Tyler and Hayley congratulations
so half of the trips and family cruise
going to be at Tyler's wedding we will
be at VidCon but no tricks in booth this
year it's just going to be up so we're
kind of just taking it easy I just don't
want to hang out some creators be with
my family this year
you
