all right what happened
look at mr. storyteller ready to go
right there he all right is okay been
bent over let's see bend over touch your
toes does it hurt
yeah he's I hurt your butt bro I told
you guys it's gonna break one of these
times the Rope came untied and she
landed on her buttocks like kinda rot no
Mimi laberd's my throat her buttocks
you can cry verge you fell out of the
frickin tree dude I Drive I fell out of
a tree she knocked the wind out of her
you're tough dude you're freaking way
tough I remember falling out I've never
knocking the wind out of me and it's
like the worst feeling has you you know
you're trying to breathe you guys know
that your dad one time fell off of a
rope swing that was like 15 feet high we
were in Twin Lakes once and they had
these huge rope swings that would swing
out over these two lakes well this year
this one year we went it was a drought
so there wasn't enough water to fill up
the lake and so I got on this rope swing
and I swung way out and I swing back and
I didn't let go cuz normally you'd come
and you just let go into the water but
the water was so low that there wasn't
enough to jump into so then Casey who
was probably 11 10 or 11 he was really
young he's swinging out at the end of
the rope swing in a very end like the
force was so great that he couldn't hold
on because it was a huge rope swing it
like swing way out and you had to be
strong and he was just a little kid he's
like 10
sold and he couldn't hold on to the rope
and so he's like and he let go and I
like ripped out of his hands and he fell
like 10 15 feet on some rocks and he
knocked one out of him to Casey that's
right watching we're watching when you
came in - that's you dude you were
inside mommy's belly that's daddy's baby
inside of Daddy's space
you weren't that's when Daddy had a baby
inside of his face remember when daddy
had a baby inside of his face
when you were a bat so now I remember
that this was not a very pretty face I'm
sure hold still I'm rearranging your
face
this is one I had the classic call to
get in dude you were a little blessing
in our lives you know that who's that
did you tell them that you guys are
watching this and he did look at his
face yeah that's you yeah you're do you
remember that he's good
do you remember that leave that little
guy look you look grumpy that's you dude
that's you sure that's crazy
that's a baby see baby no feet okay
thank you face some more anyway we're
guys doing over here you're doing some
draw runs doing some drawings that I
don't know what in lasers shooting
lasers shooting them right I'm glad you
shooting those lasers let's just make
sure he's shooting those lasers oh I
have strep I just found out I went to
the doctor found out a stroke so I'm
trying to stay away from everybody
because I wouldn't get them sick but
after 24 hours I should be not
contagious and that's hard to swallow I
tweeted this it's like you know that
time when your throat hurts so bad you
have to like psych yourself up and pump
yourself out just get ready like I'm
gonna swallow here we go one two three
ah I hurt so that's how it is but I got
my amoxicillin and I'm taking those one
three times a day I'm gonna take my
whole course so I don't get a he manager
yes really love should be feeling better
pretty soon
jump jump you crazy man
chicken it out go I will rearrange your
face mother cyclers so where I'm here
with brightly really open your eyes
really like your eyes are so below blue
as well as the oceans we are going out
to dinner and it's a beautiful evening I
am feeling if I have to come back there
and some Mac you back smack you did you
see that Will Smith clip he backhanded
some reporter in Europe this guy
apparently tried to kiss him on the lips
then I apparently this dude he's like a
an entertainment reporter over there and
he's that's like his shtick is to kiss
famous celebrities on the lips and he
was trying to kiss Will Smith Denise put
put the clip in her link to it or
something I don't know what way to do it
is just put the thing in will be will
raywilliamjohnson and washer at the clip
let's go to the clip Will Smith smacking
the kid dude and he like the guys trying
to kiss him and Will Smith's like going
back and forth like don't kiss me don't
kiss me yeah then he finally kisses him
and he's like would you do that but he's
like one like standing like smacks him
so do you think that Will Smith was
justified or not
yeah then Will Smith is like he's like
he's like yet in Sucker Punch over
something I think he played it off I
love Will Smith personal what do you
think I should almost be non-toxic
non-lethal yeah none contagious is the
word I was looking for
I have strep throat officially die
Tigers that already I'm a little loopy
cuz my throat is like killing me it's
like the strap is like making one last
huh oh dang it I wanted to get my pills
my amoxicillin for one out to eat just
have to take my third pill for today
rats to stay on the medication it's
trying to fight it back right now it's
like really swelling up so I took some
of her what did you give me what did you
drug me what oh crap I should have taken
those well I took I took two of them
we're going to Iceland better have some
edema
it won't be no match awesome look at
that sunset on the horizon sunsets I'll
keep running man keep running I love
when I see guys without running I need
to go running soon very soon okay here
we go going out to dinner
there's some hey you caught red bum
mateys you better knock that off
what's everybody getting really really
good rock turns so trying to figure out
how to order an appetizer
do they have to test the dumb ones I
swear a lot summer they have the kinda
jealous me my pretty the friend Bobby
would come here all the time
Bobby lives Bob dad oh sorry bro boom
boom Oh refreshments have arrived at the
table yeah drink it up so thirsty oh
yeah what is it what did he get
lemonade that's right
wait dude reality I think that he
actually gave it to you because he was
sick first about how did you get over it
like how was the video are you super
baby just tell us now they answer
everywhere he just passed it on here
he just passed it off he's sick this you
can have it because I liked Casey's face
the other day the inflation table
no I'm not losing weight
look look doctor not this one here dude
right here here can you strong look it
still has its rashes the daily born and
wears rock face so you get down doesn't
the show everybody here climb it up in
the window dropped hard to send up there
beating through the window and trying to
look outside I don't know what he can
see out there now he's once again this
face Mac booger bro sorry for the
closeup ladies and gentlemen do not be
eating I'm eating this delicious burger
this is kind of funny because I got the
Malibu so they put a veggie patty but
this is bacon so it's like I laid these
poor pieces of pig on top of vegetable
beds oh and then I got a coca-cola
classic on the rock straight up no straw
yeah that's shaycarl style right there
whoa that burns the throat Oh baby I'll
take that strip through
Saturday night folks
yeah oh man got a monkey oh yo back
mommy Georgia's ones to eat ordered that
I did not authorize any chocolate sort
of offerings at this table okay all
right Sunday we're going to church
Sunday art is actually giving a talk in
his primary class verb not for every
class but the primary like the opening
exercises I'm exciting and well maybe
tart is fashionable and adorable with
her thumb in her mouth
take her nobody about no more second
your nub
stop yeah Princeton starting up so give
me the prayer in primary as well so I
have a job to do today
chasing home with rock chart because he
has strep throat I don't think he's
contagious anymore but you know you need
to rest if you're gonna get over
something like furniture check it out
that guy is rockin the stuffed animals
and action figures you got like all
these action figures from the front and
then he's got
Oh filming is against law okay better
stuff I have to laugh because we just
have this conversation where we were
sitting in a turning lane waiting for
the light to turn red or green and the
guy in front of me decided to bolt out
and go in from the turning lane to the
straight way cuz it was green and so I
have just mentioned to the kids while
that was against the law and they were
like oh no he was seated 7 those against
the law and though then I looked down at
my phone and started texting when I was
like and texting is against the law so I
was like cast the mote out of thine own
eye before judging others because I was
like oh they just broke the law and then
I got on my phone and texted and I was
like uh-huh
and that is breaking the law too I
should stop and then I started filming
and baby D'Argo's mom filming is against
the law so I don't really know there's
not really a set rule on filming but I
guess it's probably similar to texting
well the guy with the yeah hey where'd
you guys get those sodas hey hey hey
guys welcome to the in slate a place
where you can click on all of these
beautiful links to watch enjoy more
Shaytards videos you can start by
clicking to the left to watch
yesterday's vlog in case you missed it
which was the sunday one taker or you
can click to your right if you haven't
had a chance to check out bro ventures
yet Shane Casey's new adventure videos
and then as usual we have the one two
and three in the middle to see what the
stray dogs are doing one year ago two
years ago and three years ago and just a
little tip in the video from one year
ago you can find baby tarts singing
tangled and the video from two years ago
you can find Colette and her sister
Callie singing lots of beautiful singing
in the family I've got something that's
of interest to you as I said you can
find that in one in two
okey dokey guys that's everything for
today see you tomorrow baby
