good morning son Todd with that mushroom
how'd you get that I would whistle oh oh
yeah hi I mean him we wanted to go get
some food so then he went downstairs to
go get so then we saw this car and then
he said you want to buy my shirt what do
you use a marshmallow answer for then
don't tell me it's to hit your sister's
with because that's not happening
excited for this weekend remember Braley
and rude Braley engage are coming over
to spend the night for two days yeah how
are you are you excited to have your
cousin gage and Bradley come over yeah
it's gonna be fun had they're coming
over this weekend because Casey
camerawindow big what do you have you
eating your pancakes I don't want one
are you trying to share it
yeah thanks eat your pancakes guys
yum-yum-yum-yum-yum
all right let's go to school guys who
wants to go to school
little boxes on the hillside little
boxes made of ticky tacky little boxes
on the hillside little boxes all the
same there's a pink one and a green one
and the blue one and a yellow one then
they are made out of ticky tacky and
they all look the same
hi what's up I don't feel good today I
feel weak and lethargic and like I got
no muscles if I feel like you got no
muscles I got no muscles today just like
something in my body is fighting it
my body's trying to work but I've
climbed to the top and just can't
so it's hired man I don't know it is I
need a day off you know you guys always
asked do you have her feel like not
vlogging Shay today's one of those days
do you wanna watch me be tired
is that what you you want to see this
traffic I don't mind that I've come to
love it what I don't know what I'm
talking about I call this out actually
should I
let's be honest I've just turned the
camera on to get footage at this point
I've already told you I don't feel like
blogging today I felt like I'm not
talking I feel like doing a whole bunch
of non talking today the Bond film want
to film a video with nip confront a good
neighbor
that's silly reason I'm going because I
think those guys are super funny and I
think it's a good opportunity for me to
be in one of their videos but it's not a
good neighbor video I think it's the
Knicks for Nick but I think Nick's
hilarious those other two are idiots
anyways what are their names
back in Kyle yeah there's at least
talented out of the three you're loving
it it's just kidding hello those guys
okay bye remember that's me okay I don't
up on the hillside boxes made of ticky
tacky little boxes on the hillside
little box hey guys so I am headed to a
shoot for the moms new today we have a
special guest we always have a special
guest all our guests are special jenna
Marbles is gonna be on our show this is
coming okay I don't know when it's going
to but I'll let you guys know when it's
going to be out but yeah yeah general
marvelous is going to be on our show and
we're also gonna be filming an episode
that's going to be talking about births
and like our stories but it might be
interesting we'll try not to get too
gross for you guys anyways that's what
I'm doing it's crazy and awesome and fun
I am in chase truck there was a mixup
with the cars I don't know how I ended
up with Shea's truck but I got Shea's
truck and so I'm feeling like womanpower
right now I always get looks and when
I'm driving to help they're frozen this
truck because I'm so short I have a
really short torso my legs are long but
my body is short and so when I say in
the car I'm like hi guys
guys this is me this is my life she even
let me touch her nose might be weird but
we just wrapped on two episodes of the
moms that were awesome we had jenna
Marbles on the first one and then we
talked about our birthing experiences
hallo everyone I know I think this it
might be a little scary no I mean it is
scary buddy you need to know what's
gonna I mean nobody really thinks it's
not hard and painful so I mean to hear
the real scoop is actually really great
what did you think I mean coming from
you haven't had a child yeah I thought
this is really Friday
it's good to know I'd rather know than
be like nobody told me it was gonna feel
I mean it's a scary thing it's weird it
is like living lisa lopes it's like
science fiction and it's gonna be honest
the core thing has been happening for
him I mean everybody here moms went
through it so if there's one good thing
we did on the show today it's we created
good birth control for you guys don't
have kids yet kids
hey baby Todd baby died funniest thing a
song for us now you are the most
beautiful singer I'm so proud of your
song wanna be a singer what you're going
to be what you want to be on camera two
Oh yikes is monkey good job getting
through that light like singing what's
your favorite part about it Rafael Akane
McGillicuddy
what is interesting is Cinderella songs
for us let me try to help her out what's
a Cinderella a really long time since we
watched it and she actually just point
out to me that she hasn't seen it have
you seen Cinderella you've seen
Cinderella yes I think she has she just
doesn't remember it very well I've seen
every freaking animated creation known
to man I either watch shut that that
hasn't know I've never bought in it baby
tarah have you ever seen Little Mermaid
I've got 20 do we got okay you know what
though my dad would say that's a good
thing because he always hated the lumber
me cuz it influences girls to go against
their father
Eric yeah you guys are seen I will have
to get it watch it on our girls night yo
yo
flipping your fins you don't get too far
legs are required for something too
crazy here so we are here trying a new a
lot of history really see the eclectic
trying to keep him eat it as a real
chore at this time in his life you're
free now what are you gonna do good
dance up a storm dude dance for our food
okay here is mixed nervous at the stage
put that rock card don't take this box
it's off you need some disease no don't
take them off hold you're doing what's
that you said Just My Size
just your size they've got shoes on you
like the shoes
oh yeah
by size and your size do this is so cool
it's very eclectic as shape that it's
got look look at this shrine of cool
about it
this giant bee
this is a cool place it's trees in this
so that's the end of another glorious
day everybody's actually in bed it's
only 9:30 I'm I think I delayed but
Shay's even in bed that's that's new
that's new stuff right there guys he
actually had really bad body aches and a
fever and he had chills so he is getting
what rock-hard had and I so I feel
really bad for him so hopefully he
sleeps it off so that you can feel
better tomorrow big day today we had
obviously jenna Marbles on the moms view
and then we also did a long mom's view
of all of our birthing stories I'm not
gonna lie it's a little intense but
it'll be cool
one thing I did today that I didn't tell
you guys about yet was I got on Google+
and did these Google+ Hangouts I don't
really know how it works exactly because
I just did my first one today I had like
10 people come into my chat room and
then you know if they got kicked out
another person would come in anyway it's
like you can chat with ten people at the
same time so it was really fun I had a
good time and I met I actually saw some
familiar faces and I met a few people
but I think what I liked most about it
is you know we were like making videos
and we're getting stressed out and we
don't always stop to read the comments
but when we do it's like it's so
exciting to see the people that watch
the videos and to see the faces behind
the comments and it's just refreshing
there's so many good people out there
I just love you guys and am I gonna get
like emotional right now I'm getting
tired - no but really I sincerely just
feel like I love you guys
I wouldn't we wouldn't be doing this
without you guys here so anyways
no more cheesiness no no no loving it
okay seriously I love you okay
doo doo doo doo it's an insight penance
a doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo ha
hi welcome to the insight you guys I'm
here I'm here in the insight and I may
be elsewhere
as well I'm in two places right now why
am I being so weird I don't know but I
do know that you should go check out a
burrow ventures because Shane Casey went
ziplining I didn't even know ziplining
was a thing but it is apparently and you
can go really fast and really far on a
zipline so go check that video out you
might even see Shay in case I get eaten
by snakes so I don't know which one will
be more cool does it flying or the snake
eating or what
but anyways you can go check that out
and you can also go check out my latest
video because I know that that's what
you all want to see is me talking but
yeah go check that out
I just chitchat about whatever and I
actually answer a viewers comment from
one of you guys kay the female screamer
who is actually really awesome so go
check that out and you know as always
one two and three what we were doing
back in the day back when we just
started these videos all right I sure do
love you guys go check them out videos
go check what it's like I'm tired
good bye love you
