watching the sheet art swap so sit back
relax follow along to the thing she says
to the things she does with his group
Emily and just because she is more
skinny than he was before
he is standing there on some
ready for a video so let it be
he's wrong
he's blogging
this is why I like breakfast time guys
cook eyes in the nose and that's my look
mangoes they're awesome
it's kind of like a mustache that's his
nose that's mustache so we needed
another mouth what could be another
mouth what's good for breakfast at
Indiana and this has been Hannah once a
girl but look look he's got a moustache
and a nose and eyes and a mouth there's
your breakfast morning good morning baby
boy this morning he woke up with this
look on his face but it was really cute
I let you know hi squinty nose oh he's
just 15 years old shorts amore that's
amore yeah see it's crunchy dose just
like - I love some kisses hey buddy guys
to me case you have to go to our
animation meters Casey stay Carol Mills
I take care of kids dog me this one
needs potty trained potty training serve
I tune rock stars oh yeah before on the
charts baby just lucky you just lucky to
be so talented set off the seat ball
lucky my so amazing push the button
oh to listen to your song I've I
seriously I'm not joking
yeah bacon I've watched that video 100
times not even exaggerating alright get
out of there I gotta go you guys wanna
be late you should come he's had like 16
pieces this morning you're fired from
the gum industry get out of there baby
face McGee I'm gonna be punching you're
right square in the noggin come on Stacy
kick her out of there okay come on
seriously daddy in case you have to go
to a meeting
Cantelli serious serious think that mom
picked a club or let's go okay that's
our big day today
are you come on today's the day you want
to tell me about your delicious color
another camera next we're turning your
bed you're getting better at that okay
can I have it
thank you today we're turning his bed
finally into a toddler bed it's been a
long time coming but today's the day
ssaksuga noir what oh man I told the
camera again all right so we get started
Oh change your bed well we have to take
all the beds up the blankets off first
ready silly they don't see it your nose
but maybe they do I don't know as I said
in a previous vlog he's almost too so I
really should have done this a little
bit earlier but you know it's all it's
just whenever whenever you feel ready
and whenever you think your child's
ready then you just transition but he's
starting to climb out of the crib so
really it doesn't make sense for him to
be in a crib anymore anyways so we're
going to transition it into a note old
or bad let's get started okay I've got
my little assistant here she is going to
suck her thumb
I was really helpful it's really how far
are you going to help me today yes
are you excited I don't know why it's so
exciting it's just fun oh yeah oh my
goodness you are like a little mom see
you girl what would you like to talk
about today on the mom sue
dinosaurs okay that's a great topic um
so what do you think about the dinosaurs
of the ancient times I love you let's
get started mom whew girl let's get the
tools you know where the tools are yeah
I actually put them up here already
because we were going to transition this
a while ago so we've got a screwdriver
and we've got these little thingies I
can't remove as are called allen
wrenches I'm gonna look really stupid if
I don't know they're called look I don't
know but we're gonna use them I was just
untying that little border that was
whatever it's called it's a bumper a
baby bumper that was around the crib and
I saw this I love you guys can see this
paint right here oh this brings back
tons of memories there's paint all over
them and that is from hey are you into
the jail bars here boom that was from
way back in the day I think it was
before we even began vlogging and
princess tarde had um okay back up back
up back up
that yellow room in our first house that
we started vlogging in if you guys can
remember it was Shay's office at one
point but it started out as a baby room
and we were painting it for the first
time we moved in there we were painting
over this dark wood and we're painting
the white border around that room and we
had to use oil-based paint so we had
this oil-based paint we were painting
the room and we took a break we shut the
door and Princess turns somehow got in
there we thought that she was asleep
taking her nap but she woken up from her
nap gotten out of her room and went into
the other room and got into the
oil-based paint and she got it all over
the crib and all over herself
and she was just a mess so the oil-based
paint is still on this crib to this day
I'm not such a memory I seriously had
this crib from the beginning run when
Sun tarde was a baby Shay's parents gave
it to us for you know for the baby
shower and for having our baby and we've
had it since then
bonuses been through lots of babies but
I think that it's time to get rid of it
because I'm obviously not having another
one anytime soon and
he's grown out of it and we don't really
have anywhere to store it here so I
think that it's time to get rid of Chris
you're so good to us thank you for
taking care of my babies
boo-boo that's hard you're not even
helping seriously what are you doing
did you tab unchanged need a bunch age
huh pop chart join a bunch Ange yeah
are you stinky at least you told me that
if I'm changing I don't do anything
about it but he told me that it needs to
be done okay baby turn wait not okay
come here
let's do that one you start with that
one and you turn it to the left you
remember which way left is you know
which one's your left hand which one's
your left hand yeah it's good job and so
you're gonna turn it that way look at
you you're being such a good helper is
it working yes is it turning
yeah you're such a great helper and
rocked hard it's still playing with this
game
Oh put it in the garbage hey let's put
the car in your car and you gotta look
in the garbage take it take it
good job
good helper good job baby tart she did
all the screws that pull the top off
let's do it got that out of the way now
we just have to take these off I
actually have some little Horner things
that I left in Idaho so this is how the
toddler bed is gonna have to be
hopefully he doesn't roll out of it if
he does he'll end of the floor and
Hiller not to do it again I guess oh no
I actually have had children do that and
so I just make sure I put a soft rug
underneath the bed but here it is that's
really all it is
when rockhard walked out of the room so
let's set it up for him and then bring
him back in so you can see it should we
do that
okay look rock hard look at your bed
look at your bed what do you think you
can lay on it ready jump ha ha ha ha ha
some results on the bed oh that's funny
all right I'm a little nervous I'm not
gonna lie because without those little
corner things I'm afraid that he's gonna
roll off us really bad because this
mattress is sort of I'm not really fuzzy
right here I'm almost thinking it might
be time to put him in this one I think
that's a big decision what are you doing
child
you're crazy well you saw this one's
definitely more fun right now right your
mattress is really lumpy I think we
might need to get that fixed
bye-bye where's rock-hard where's hey
wow it looks like it was success we'll
try it since s it looked like it was a
success he's happy with it
so we'll try it for a few nice if he
rolls out of bed every night then we'll
have to change something Wow
you like it he likes it oh whoa whoa
what are you doing you're gonna cut it
back like this is not supposed to be
you're gonna put it back okay well good
luck putting it back together I don't
know maybe he's not gonna like it
oh my god no what was your idea here on
the floor we'll just sleep on the floor
I'm not sure that'd be very comfortable
we're debating because I'm afraid that
that toddler bed without the rails on
the side that usually come with it I'm
afraid that he's gonna roll out of it
and hurt himself along the beds not very
big so if he does roll to this side and
there's no barrier than if we roll off I
think that it will actually be safer to
put them in this fence Plus this bed is
actually a little bit lower than this I
think we're gonna do it let's just get
rid of the crib all together and use
this bed and we'll fix it up nice and
put it in the same place as his crib so
that he knows that that's his bed now
what do you think so we do that oh oh
that's a big move straight from the
Crypt to the big-boy bed Rob tried what
do you think oh okay
what do you want these pants on I did
they're dirty
she's helping look at your new bed the
crib gone I seem to be okay with it
when he saw me walking out into the
garage with the parts of his bed he was
a little bit concerned like um that's
fine
how am I supposed to sleep but now he's
he's recognizing that this is his bed
I'll make you know already he's okay
look it's his bed let him do it
let him do it so he can learn that this
is his bed and he likes it dad we got to
put your pillowcase on first look at
that look you're a big boy word the
Kings you should have been but it's your
baby time huh you're such a big boy now
with a big boy
Oh take your baby take the little teddy
I was gonna change Teddy's diaper now
I'm happy it actually worked I think
he's really happy with it you're gonna
go night-night all right I love you
night Oh should we move the bed so it's
in the same place as the crib watch
let's move it ready sit down
Oh down you're ready rock card
thank you bad yeah mom tripping over
everything he's a little concerned he's
like now what are we doing we just
changes the creb now we're moving the
bags we moved to bed your doodoo dude so
I just got home from work and I hear
that we have a new bed situation a
little little cutie-patootie phase C
asleep I'm not gonna be like getting
this creepy
he's like perfect
well things got bad you did you ate
another beautiful baby boy
good job we're in the business of making
beautiful baby boys where's our other
beautiful baby boy Oh send our that rock
star coz every Thursday he has rock star
where he goes and jams on his guitar and
rock stop what are you doing there
patanty pants a follow-the-leader path
is that from rock cards bed there must
be like the thing that wraps around it
to make it look all cutesy pudzian
stupid stuff now looks like a fun little
runway I can see how that would be fun
as a little girl it's like follow the
yellow brick road
follow the yellow brick road rock star
remember School of Rock you remember who
played in School of Rock oh yeah
Jack Black or watching winger check back
in it oh yeah Cecily won a radio contest
and she got to go to a secret Jack Black
Tenacious D concert in LS that's why
Christ s Lee's not here today
she's at she's hanging out with Jack
Black and tomatoes do you didn't have
anything to film so she shouldn't have
to be hey no fighting on the yellow
brick road no fighting on the yellow
brick road there's no fighting on the
overgrown yellow
you throw one more of those and you're
gonna lose an arm I'm serious don't do
it don't you that is sorry my aunt oh no
no no come here let's see here your
uncle Casey with that there is he hasn't
his mouth duh
where do you think his gum is hit your
uncle Casey with their blender with it
from the pack and here your uncle rocked
hard hit him John I'm gonna break it
your hand I'm talking about cheers now
dive BC root beer here dude oh snap I'm
a little chip runner Brisky chug it chug
it chug it chug it yeah hey yummy done
he's Pro dude he knows not to swallow
his gum so you let mods right there blah
prove it's right there I don't need to
beer no Cal City
Oh Adam are about he's a dog I've
created this little preciousness look at
him best bottle around Cheers
so we are out having dinner with all the
sisters look everybody can say Oh
Candace I called Sadie Candace you
better hurry dude the man is here so
we're all here out of dinner having a
family dinner hey guys down there what's
going on
what is so funny to your baby oh I think
my kids can order Oh go Simon yeah let
him ward you guys what you want you tell
him you saw you know what's on the menu
if you throw one more of those you're
gonna freakin your new discipline
remember when son Marin got into
throwing phase yeah he would just start
throwing stuff matter whatever that so I
don't want it go mom your breath needs a
little freshening come on just have a
little fight everyone's doing it yeah
see try it sucker
those in my mouth how was dinner guys oh
hello Jackson hair is their baby card
are you flirting with Jackson Harris I
got I got I got put at the kids table
yeah it's like Thanksgiving
let me put Jackson at the end of the
kids tables table yeah are you flirting
with Jackson down here well why not be
important yet really uncomfortable that
like I have multiple girlfriends
Braley's raising her hand princess tower
gage is looking cool tonight man like
that hair Dave it was also a wants to be
Jackson's girlfriend
that cool Cali Cali Dave be Jackson do
you want to contain be Jackson's
girlfriend that cool well baby cards mr.
Wilbur reach down here in the water and
i'ma grab this trigger okay I see a
turtle no I know if it's awesome if it's
not snapping turtle oh crap wait
subscribe
I really was down I kind of felt as his
legs kick - reduce women things down
here they're like real they like fight
and stuff in the water drink it out here
hide me down down a touch with my heart
I'm gonna hang you down there running
one mommy did not approve of this she
does laughs and that was another
glorious day with the Shaytards you guys
I'm gonna frickin punch rock tardies
shake oh it makes me mad I'm oh he's
adorable
anyways thanks for watching today's vlog
as always you guys I want to tell you
something I want you guys to know that
we are always going to be here providing
good wholesome quality entertainment
that you guys can just sit down and
enjoy and watch and I just want you guys
to know that that we're not going
anywhere and you know I know there's a
little like haters in the comment don't
worry about it I just want you guys know
that this is a place you can always come
and expect positivity optimism and a
belief in a better future okay and
that's all this is so don't take it out
of me like get into all the freakin
haters and all that stuff just leave
them alone they're a bunch of weirdos
anyways anyways check out bro ventures
links right over there me and KC jumping
off cliffs a lot of fun I cannot wait to
show you guys what's up coming you know
we went ziplining and hang gliding I
figured that the hang gliding was more
extreme so we're gonna have that set
after ziplining so ziplining is next you
guys every Thursday bro ventures every
Thursday count on it
I promise for at least the next 10 weeks
every Thursday bro ventures and then
Shay games we every Monday so Shay Carl
channel is back baby
check it out suckas shaycarl channel
Monday's Shay games Thursday bro
ventures black clockwork all right love
you guys
ooh brush your teeth KC bye
