hi I'm login here here let's just
tigereye do you like this favorite start
is awesome because she's so dramatic
dramatized
where to start it's awesome because of
her sassy attitude got nothing to me and
start is awesome she is sassy in so many
ways pretty start it's awesome she is
beautiful confident little girl who
brings a smile to all of our faces of me
hilarious and awesome nice stickers on
your face first art is so awesome
because she's growing up so fast in her
opinion sticks out we started you are so
awesome because you love us and we were
that bad camera heart during these
really fast
happy birthday prices start excited go
to school what do you about this video
what do you say what's what I don't know
is it or who's that from what do you
tell her I think you need to tell her
thank you again for the big kiss did you
give her a kiss I don't think you did
give her a kiss
rocked our that's not for you stay away
from it kisses
centaur one word today in the school and
I hope that day is the funnest most
amazing fantastic spectacular awesomes
pendous just a lot of adjectives
definition I hope that your birthday is
all those wonderful things and you
should know that you are just the
sweetest
beautiful little princess alright so
this video was put together by rebellion
Knights love Shay thank you so much we
saw all the tweets look me uh there's a
bunch of tweets we have to watch this
video like 100 times there's a lot of
people who wish you happy birthday so
what do you say that's so nice huh you
did say she did we had to tell her to
shut up I was getting really obnoxious
actually she said thank you 30 times
okay you guys eat your wall your
pancakes grandma Peggy made for you
thanks for breakfast grandma huh we
should just move her here and she can
make you guys breakfast every morning
huh that's not a good deal I need these
things every morning then also not be
300 pounds again they smell delicious
we just went to pick up Callie and we're
headed to the music studio because we're
gonna be singing today with my dad and
my sister Callie and raw charged in the
car with us and he does not like it
every time we start it's bad and I don't
know if it's because we sound awful or
if he's jealous that he's
he doesn't have a part or or what or if
he feels like we're leaving him out
I actually remember feeling this way
when growing up and I would hear you
practice the song over and over again I
finally got to the point where I was
like okay let's sing something different
now you might feel that way because we
practiced a lot yesterday too
he's literally been like grabbing his
ear isn't a wife saying look you guys
are talking about
I know dark sorry honey
you dropped your pick we're here at the
studio dropping Pink's and getting ready
to film are we ready
that's a very common occurrence I just
realized Oh weird my big where is my
well it's a little thing it's hard to
keep track oh yeah I do that with my
phone well I didn't a message finger
help my own guitar on my own case that
would have spare pigs in it I have one
pic I started just buying a gross of
pigs well I had exhaust nice but it's
getting down to just 10 or 12 left there
like bobby pins they get lost pretty
fast it was a little much a gross of
Pyxis trivia
I don't like gross pics that's gross
y'all just a little bit
solos what channel I drop my words come
on get it right girl must be here oh
 oh great it's a bra I know we'll
gather round me oh yeah I know my way
is I just me for me school check it out
when's it going up then huh promote
yourself instead of my Wednesday show
what's going up
oh cool coming is that right new
producer Neely
everybody knows engineer okay do it
again I want to hear a little bit again
we're in love
when I remember my first ever first
night return filming videos and they had
that thing I was like wow they have one
of those things that you see in the
movies right I know yeah it's a real
thing it's a real thing I always like to
put my finger in between oh oh and
they'd go to like snap it I don't know I
just I thought I always bought a really
cool movie the phony gun hit my finger
hey Bert Oh all right Vince Vince tell
us this is Colette's guitar that you got
her huh you sold to her and you gave us
a good deal right right right right get
the guitar and she sold it to us that
again is a good axe this is a great
sounding guitar and it has exceptional
figure in the top just like her mama
whoa did you say exceptional figure on
the top zing ha ha all right
play that funky music white boy let's go
Peggy's laughing I know I'm doing good
at Peggy's laughing Oh lovely - please
Starro there is Beach where you get your
marijuana
see the doctor
mom you excited to have a lunch on
Venice Beach excited excited are you
excited mumbles go to the doctor I want
to get some scrubs like those are you
trying to see what else's I would like
to see the doctor I gotta get some sweet
crush yeah yo check out my demo she goes
demo
alright or take my mom out to lunch down
here on Venice Beach or the mother
I see it's cool down here because I've
ever been to Venice Beach you know it's
a very eclectic crowd right mom
I love tell them about him ah tell what
it's laughing you like it down here yeah
I do it's people are playing these
racquetball games
what is that called pace you know it's
not tennis but a squash they had squash
their swiftness you're squishing squash
and it's beautiful day here in sunny
Southern California oh yes one other
thing I forgot okay you guys if you have
not yet checked out the adopt the arts
video that I did with Sam macaroni and
Jonathan chase and Steven Tyler from
Aerosmith least RJ and Lynch and Matt
saram I believe his name is a drummer
kiss ton of people in this video check
it out right here
blink blink sleeps in a sling blink
blink Denise link it here check it out
please share with everybody it's for a
cause do it fun children adopt the arts
are trying to take away all mom tell
them tell about the schools and arts and
stuff your you know you know everyone
every state is losing a lot of money and
they're trying to take the arts out of a
lot of schools and if you know things
about your arts students you plays
musical instruments have a higher arc
you and can study better need to keep
the arts in school ladies and gentlemen
yes thank you for my mother my mom said
it so it's true check out that video
adopt the arts and we're going to help
promote them to keep Arts in schools
because it's important I wouldn't be an
artist if I didn't have art Sherman was
a great choir teacher mr. Vanya's taught
me clarinet I didn't do a very good job
of playing clarinet I was better in
choirs better require go check out the
video it's really cool it came together
awesome
Congrats to sound an excellent job I'm
just out here vlogging the crap out of
myself that looks like delicious ice
cream now I would like a bite of that I
want some ice cream
look at the ice cream you case ice cream
no your honor
dude that's what I'm gonna look like by
the time I'm done with my third marathon
flexor bro flex it go to get the picture
remote get in the picture mom yeah no my
my my dad would hit mad my dad would get
jealous my dad has his horns aren't that
big dude look at that view
a view of Venice be it open let's go out
we get out this view mom see toes
there's hang glider's Casey we got to do
a parasailing on bro ventures man all
right here we are
Venice Beach lunch yeah Venice Beach
lunch
this dude over here is kajam and
after four hey devil lay down then we
have Mozart and this guy is rocking
right here my favorite skater on Venice
Beach and he picks up litter too Dan
whoo mother and dad for the dancing
school okay today is princess tardis
seventh birthday so we are here to bring
her cupcakes to her class and wish her
happy birthday seven years old you
believe you have a seven year old
granddaughter oh I take it an integral
part she was six dad dead Grampa car
I'll know she's seven I'm a seven year
old daughter I love her she's so cute
I just tested on her and said where are
you we're outside the classroom we're
waiting my tart to arrive with the
cupcakes I'm gonna film her when she
comes running down the hall with
cupcakes moves tell me don't go tackle
okay no she'll smash the cupcake then
I'll eat all alone
the whole day we brought cupcakes for
anybody who wants one and not on a diet
if you put it in your teeth again and
smile what are you doing - the monkey
there dude all right it's a birthday
girl time what do you get would you get
so far oh look at that that's cool and
then of course we got a little nail
wheel what did you call that a little
smorgasbord of nails what do you think
quick to start that's a lot of that's a
lot of gratitude 100 thank you
he has a new friend here this month oh
dude yeah I can fill that over here - I
fell like a 3.6 on the rock turn scale
the rock tart headbutt scale your tough
little man no you see that dude
that was the look you don't mess I was
this that was this Blair I guess head
hurts and he's trying to be tough
what's next on the princess card
birthday train it's a birthday train of
frozen holy gracias brotherly love right
there squeeze his head off well then you
can assign each person to it somebody
really like this real jewelry made go
ahead give us a link where he gets with
this awesome jewelry online sating
ladies meet city's big gutter fire
doggone links below check it out
seriously oh she made that for you green
is your birthstone Lina it's your
birthstone what kind of little thing
that's how you wear it there but you
look like the princess from the
neverending story when she wore nothing
underhand never-ending stores
hugs from aunt Sadie I was nice
hey you gotta be careful that that's
real jewelry she like makes that stuff
people people's pay money to buy that
stuff on the internet and you're getting
it for free without you have to pay
shipping and handling I attend delivery
special oh thank you what are you do it
rock hard is that monkey ball yet you
got a monkey on your butt dude I've
heard about a monkey on your back but
that's a different story bro what are
you doing well I lied there's an
elephant on your butt actually oh sorry
my bad oh you got your being outraged by
some of mr. monkey pee bass over here
hey you guys over here watching the baby
or her birthday
aren't they though I gotta give a big
hug there she goes
it's a love on her grandparents oh yeah
thanks grandma grandma you're the best
ever I'm gonna sleep on this monkey even
though I have an elephant on my phone
next present what's next present down
handful there they have a glass table
good there's no panic in happening this
is from Cecily you enjoyed it Prentis
tard remember this movie yeah it's like
years of unfortunate
Thanks I'm actually a lemony snicket
yeah that's firm Cecily what do you tell
her you you you're gonna be more
grateful once you see it I think this is
like I've seen seen it you can recommend
it
how many thumbs up would you give it and
it was Kayla's birthday yesterday
happy birthday 26 my butt
Oh
my make-a-wish secret wishes hey hi
everybody thank you for making the video
for me on my birthday thank you for
saying happy birthday to me
love you guys thank you for making that
treats and stuff yeah do you like that
video we watch the video this morning
huh everybody who made your birthday
video wasn't that nice of them it was
really nice everybody tweeted you and
wish you happy birthday and left you a
lot of happy birthday comments we'll
read them k okay we're gonna go read
some right now you want to read the
comments in this video right now see
look at them they're all going bye happy
bird I rented Tigers out Gabe registered
you see him no you don't she's like what
are you talking about I just do the
camera this is the end slate just
pretend like you know what I'm talking
about say okay dad alright everybody is
princess tard seventh birthday we're all
wishing her a happy birthday was a great
day did you have fun what was it the
most memorable birthday ever
yes what was your favorite part I love
to get these things and um blow the
candles out that was fun huh I love you
I got a lot of presents
yeah he did you freaking clean house
didn't you really clean house on the
present this year
lucky duckling hmm all right say goodbye
to everybody bye everybody
thank you for wishing me a happy
birthday okay see you guys tomorrow
love you nothing
