hey girls so your mom tells me you woke
up at 6:00 this morning that you so did
you a bite is that good I don't want to
buy well I think you would have been
awake anyway so excited for your field
trip I don't want to buy it
thank you traffic in Los Angeles is
something you cannot avoid headed to the
Griffith Park observatory to go to the
extravagant field tramps trafficking oh
if it's that extravagant it's just
Nestle trip but uh print to stardom
braylee are excited they've both been up
since like 6:30 princess tart came in
this morning it was 628 or something and
she's like dad are you ready you need a
hat and sunblock and you need a good
nutritious breakfast and I'm like it's
okay princess aren't I'll be up there's
like another hour and a half before it's
even time to be at school yet so she's
been up and her and Braley were up
pumped excited for today's field trip so
I'm headed right now to go meet them and
we're gonna hike up this trail and go
explore some science let's go see what
scientifical wizardry we can discover
today oh boy
hey guys we gotta go I want to tell you
guys something real quick the other day
we were coming out of church and we were
walking towards my truck and as we were
walking towards my truck I was holding
the rock tart I didn't do or say
anything wrong car goes like this with
his hand and he goes just like stuck his
hand down goes to lock the truck and I'm
like oh yeah you know that crap look
their bus is here they must have gone in
already I gotta hurry I want to be late
at all my promise to my be here running
here we are this is a really cool park
up here and it's really pretty a lot of
greenery let it miss them cuz I think
they're gonna go up the trail so now I
have to find princess Hardin Braley
where's the ranger ok excited huh
where's your cousin it
she's gone peepee in the potty I like
your hat dude is that so they keep the
Sun out of your eyes it's not really
very sunny today though huh
alright where are we at what we doing
explain yourselves and we're going
hiking now we're going hiking oh wait a
minute
do you think we'll do any hiking I like
your hat Fred's the start where'd you
get that turn around turn around you
know who gave that to do you remember so
give it to your boyfriend
no it's 9 is silly McGillicuddy Jackson
err
chicken but ok
we're switching hats me embraer
switching hats I decided that I liked
Ursula better what do you guys think
cowboy hat yeah you look cooler that had
any
in the world this is pretty cool because
of him Ranger Brown to myself a job how
much it costs to cover to the park hero
that's right he said anybody can come to
the park for three doesn't matter what
color
hey guys I have two special people with
me today I'm special
well you're not that special Kelly come
on Ali used to be expected because she's
here with me always but two people that
aren't here usually are you guys so
excited to be here
sorry very much no Peggy is going to be
in a special episode for Mom mom day
that's how much the moms view name is
infiltrated in my brain it's the bombs
day not mother's day it's the moms day
now all right let's go check out maker
do day OHS are you ready rock hard don't
look at me Mom no you're not alright
let's go into it did you get it smell
like
was it smelling sorry smell it
put it on the meat yeah it's nasty I did
he said they in the summer he flips in
Baileys like in the corner of your
windows that'll keep the ants weakest
aunt Bailey's they do kinda stink be
playing foosball we got baby Hardin I
turn on the foosball table this is why
we come to maker
we don't really produce videos and do
all that kind of stuff we play Zeus
thank you you wanna play the game here
you see oh yo dude let's see you kick
the ball in
nice of course she's strategically
placed so who's winning for the start
about to go through this portal right
here this is cool and then we climb to
the top of the hill and got a treat look
at that beautiful view enjoy this time
outside a cool opportunity this is
pretty I've never been up here before
Elway's really uh you think of it as
like this big city but it's really a
gorgeous landscape like the countryside
here is just so pretty it's no wonder
why so many people are here because it's
very gorgeous area and the weather is ok
we just made it to the top we're all
getting a snack it is so gorgeous up
here what are you eating bribry i'm
little gush gush Princes tardes having
some jerky with her no teeth daddy's
having a plum I'm a fruitarian I was
watching this video about this guy who
can run a hundred miles and all she eats
is fruit not crazy a hundred miles of
time you have enough jerky and plums
gorgeous
yeah great view great height great day
so I bet she doesn't know that david
alan grier is also a ranger in the
viruses yeah I was just saying like man
you're poison he says he does get it a
lot the guy from Saturday alive and in
living color and my family and I don't
see it but 30 soldiers out 80 it's all
right I get Tom Cruise all the time you
know so I'm you know of course you could
of course but I really liked what you
said about jockeys he was talking about
how jockeys are some of the greatest
athletes in the world because they're so
small but they're up on that giant you
know almost 2,000 pound animal going 45
miles this is so this is a blast like
we're in Hunger Games
my dad says she shoots it right through
the eye every time who said that quote
where we got to see bread this is the
old Los Angeles Zoo this is where they
used to have the zoo but there wasn't
enough room so they moved to a new
location where there's plenty of room
this is crazy this is the old Zoo
what do you think what do you think goes
up in there dude
can you fit through there for this hard
so lift your head stuck and then they
old tell you
down the hill one by one we almost had a
collision there Wow Joel I can't stop
I'm on patrol I guess this is the
current Los Angeles Zoo I didn't know it
was so close
wait here I can't have you guys liked
the when the kids go to sleep Facebook
page I've been working really hard
alleys on the Facebook you guys you can
follow the podcast Facebook page it's
gone the kids go to sleep link below
there's a snappy dresser get why I'm
walking by my brother-in-law say hi to
your morons morons like Dave Dave is a
snappy here at maker studios
give me a dance dude come on give me a
little penny loafer dance from that
thing that that's to that out I did a
hell of a ragtime gal sunny it gets by
why hey baby
hey where you guys your backup singers
hot dog ha get back to work
you have pencil pusher I can't least
here and that means we're practicing
music gonna makes me really excited I'm
really happy
hi Cal citron dad yo dad dad dad yo and
mom mom mommy Oh music and rocked hard
was his saggy bum you think you know
you've been in California so long you
can just low ride your pants like that
huh
not this out mister not in this house
were you yelling up hey princess China
how was your ear thingy today
what are you eating I love it does that
hurt it's beautiful
now go wake up your dad tell them we
want to go to the beach thank you Mike
no we're not gonna swim we're gonna go
roast some roast marshmallows by beach
no no stay warm because it's cold
outside she got to stay like that and
just put a sweater on and stuff
it's like camping no it's cold you guys
hear that sounds like when Colette's
dad's in town here music lots of me
today we're the sole
I say so that sounds like when Vince I
said Vince must be here the house has
music in it this baby's a lowrider baby
overjoy
I'm nervous
I'm eternal I'm getting tired enormous
fear excuse me the way no but you stay
up on that knot yeah well you guys work
on it and then when you get it together
then let me know okay geez we're gonna
go down to the beach you better have
that baby you're in trouble a lot of you
guys write things that that state Ramsey
it's not that's cool that's dad who
looks just like paper I see donated
klutz dad looks like Dave Ramsey if he
had yeah if Vince had a goatee him and
Dave Ramsey to be brothers time for the
old fever guys this is the first time
she's ever floated on the beach and this
is the first time he's actually flown it
fits in actually right honey first on
the beach and the first time this says
the first time this bin I think it will
take you up in the cider take you away
oh my goodness don't chop somebody's
head off please they're getting Barbie
tangled up with the big Beamer not a
great combination
are you guys sorry sorry about that
hey guys check out our awesome hot dog
sticks like we have to get up really
close
hey weight off my dog man fire chilliad
this is part of this is a memory you
will always forever remember the lip
hotdog stick
today we're the sole
pardon
