you all know watching the sheiks house
blog so sit back relax and follow along
to think Shane says things he does with
the school family its Jets becomes his
most candy than ever before it started
for three now let's hope before I'm
ready for video to be clear he's logging
here we're on target oh man you know
throw in the artichokes come on you put
the groceries away let's go get them in
the kitchen or you're gonna be in
trouble and get out there and mow the
back lawn - Brock tart brought in all
the groceries what's up bro hey grandma
what's up bro hi grandma take a lead on
a lead on John has hey we are home
hold up sneaker to peek at her oh that's
all you get
just sneak peek of what's to come
of what's to come on shake shake yeah
sure
we need that you get on groceries yeah I
get it turnip lettuce making tacos
grandma's in town what are you here for
mummy
prep lettuce we're making tacos no we
won you don't hey they won't tell us
they won't tell us this for getting me
too much weight it's their fault not
mine Michael my producer I'm gonna get
in trouble anyways
sons are gonna play catch we're home I
just landed in LA oh I don't know if we
ever have any footage I'm slippin out
Carly's back we're scoop to see you at
home we're all here we'd have a barbecue
have a dinner tonight
they're all in here for Mother's Day
they're shooting something on the moms
you you for a Mother's Day
Connor Stanhope's mom that is a good
advice he just tweeted me careful don't
this this could be dangerous
you know we'd only let the kids get hurt
hey be honest what's the worst
somebody's gotten hurt on this rope
swing has anybody been close I saw
gauger rager like fell in the bushes
hey listen but here's something honest
that I want to talk to you about listen
remember remember a long time ago when
Sun tart almost hung himself on the
blinds when he was like a wait you were
probably too young that's a long time
ago centaur was like playing on the
blinds we were in the room remember that
and you remember you almost hung
yourself on the blinds and you're
playing on the blinds and we had to
hurry and grab you
he was playing in the blinds so you got
it yeah yeah I'd be careful with little
kids because I'll get in blinds and like
hanging themselves really sad sad stuff
makes one a cry right now so be very
very careful kay so don't like don't
ever put that around your neck it's okay
if you jump off there and you're careful
but they'll ever like think you're funny
and put your head in that or anything
okay cuz that's that's how you
you hurt real fast login hey guys guys I
gotta go
okay let's see it on turn have you
gotten hurt almost on there do that ball
on the step ball it's like fluorescent
don't spring your ankle bra
where's the discipline from where get a
zip line you guys are the coolest kids
ever ah you guys honestly you should go
ask uncle Casey about the time me and
him made a zip line in our tree in front
of our house that was like 20 feet up in
the air we're so dumb we put a rope from
two trees and then we looped another
rope over that rope and as we as I zip
line from the tree to tree the Rope
burned on each other because like the
Rope was burning on the other rope and
by the time I got to the other side it
was like down to a thread like if I was
hanging on there like one more second I
would have fallen like 20 feet to the
ground
Casey you remember that anyways alright
isn't a good mom dad you have tried mom
and dad Tom what yes yeah be careful you
guys
listen the bodies are mortal they can
get hurt
so let's protect them what you know
someday I believe that we will have as a
point let's all have that belief and
then one day it'll happen cuz thoughts
actions and actions turn into
characteristics so that we're gonna yeah
that's like your little tree house in
the woods what do you got freaking kids
are so demanding what are you showing me
a be a bumblebee or was it a hey what's
the bees called in the in The Hunger
Games
the no the come on
oh the bees and the Hunger Games there I
haven't got any the tensions you guys
are all yelling at me right now what it
is I can't
hey honey what are the bees called in
The Hunger Games give me him what oh
really cause I can't remember you guys
not believing the comments well that's
gonna drink me crazy anyways alright
we're back home I just I don't want to
stop the vlog I'm not remembering it
we just me and Khloe went and saw the
Hunger Games movie and she has decided
that she does not want some hard to see
it because it's it's kind of island
there's some blood in it she didn't like
the blood honey badger it's not a honey
badger and so whaza below is my dude
I'll give you $100 if you can tell me
what the freaking B's name is in The
Hunger Games oh my um I'm trying a total
Blaine now I totally know how much I'm
gonna punch myself in the face I'm gonna
punch with us honey okay see Google what
the bees call in The Hunger Games
no it's about gonna figure it out
what's the because hungry is people that
are watching this video are screaming at
us right now
it's a second venomous Hornets
tracker jackers oh my gosh does every
crazy
tracker jackers and they stung yeah and
they got these big wasps anyways alright
we figured it out together guys
we'll make him dinner love you boy oh ok
telephone I'm what hey I love lumps what
are we doing mommy Todd this is Teddy
this is from a month internist and she
wanted to give this is the teddy bear
that she slept with as a baby and she's
four years old we met them at Dave
Ramsey's Plaza and Emma wanted us to
give this to baby tard so we said we
would deliver it and now we are gonna
fulfill a promise saved hard we have a
little present a for you there's a
blonde headed it lady just like yourself
at O'Hare just like yourself lives in
Tennant Tennessee and her name is Emma I
wanted you to have a little something
she loves watching you in the video so
much that she wanted to get this yeah I
guess what do you think what do you say
so no dragging it through the mud all
right yeah hey and don't let your little
friggin brother a rock face McGillicuddy
get his hands on it
if you know what I'm saying because you
will be in for us all woman from Emma
and her father he's a big burly of a man
and he'd put a knuckle sandwich in your
Gillett you know I'm saying said take
care of it what let's look at a ring
Prince's star where is she let's go up
Harry alright so he told print this card
because she wanted this doll and I said
no you're not gonna get any doll because
yep enough crap you leave on the ground
so you don't respect it and I said you
keep your room clean they'll get your
doll how did you do this week on keeping
your room clean you're gonna get a doll
let's go check it out well she you be
honest I trust you out of anybody you're
mister honest Abraham Lincoln did she do
a good job son hard listen you know okay
let's tell these people the conversation
that we had in my truck when I picked
you up from school about the dolls okay
tell them what what we talked about
girls ever hardly present you it's
mostly this one's fall anyways but I'm
not buying them any more freaking crap
because you guys don't take care of it
because you leave it on the ground which
entail tells me that you don't care
about it you leave it on the ground so I
ain't buying you no more crap until you
show me your respect the crap that you
got got it good anyways let's go check
the room out did you see do a good job
okay let's go give me the Grand Tour
give me the Grand fricking tour get in
there I'm gonna kick through it and
square in the pants
square in the carry skirt it's like
organized chaos basically here we have
18 yeah
18 50 gallon drums this is where the
crude oil goes put all the washers in
here you need anything for welding all
our pickaxes and anyway diamond
wildering grinders in there what's a
little man I don't know what that is it
looks pretty good though I mean at least
it's organized that's what I'm saying
see that shows me at least your car
parts of mentalizing your junk okay as
long as it's compartmentalize it shows
that you care a little bit and that's
all I'm going for here man
just that you care and you're
appreciative of the stuff they give you
you know I'm saying oh yeah that's
that's baby targets a gift from Emma
she's a lovely long lady in Tennessee
great so that's it for the Shaytards
today we're back home back in business
in the old days it feels good to be home
you know the H what is this H stand for
does anybody know what dog he got Dave
Ramsey said scout handshake and he can't
wait to meet you
I told them all about you and I hung out
with his son Daniel and I said well
someday we're gonna go shooting me and
you and Dave and Daniel the four of us
we're gonna go clay pigeon shooting in
Tennessee okay okay
so that's what he wanted me to tell you
all right bud okay we're gonna go all
right so you guys love you
oh hey guys how are you I'm just here to
explain the NSA to you today because
well we haven't explained the end slate
to you in a few days and I use figured
I'd do that today hope you're ok with
that over on our left is yesterday's
vlog in it Shae ran his second marathon
in less than a month and a half which is
insane but it's also amazing so please
check that out just you know to support
that he did that and also half the video
was just shy and collect showing you
around Nashville which is always
interesting you know a little change in
environment learning new things and
video cheer right is a new when the kids
go to sleep with musician Mike Tompkins
very interesting stuff talking about how
he made it on YouTube and how he built
his way up to where he is today and of
course as always the one two and three
in the middle or what the Shaytards were
doing one year ago two years ago and
three years ago and just so you guys
know the video from two years ago is
titled bikini babes and bros I don't
know about you guys but I know I'm
always looking for a new video that
features bikini babes
okey dokey okay I think that's all for
the end slate today and I love you guys
okay bye
