where I found Jesus and blew it all the
bees
usually I'll since mom never left me
we gotta get it we gotta get a shot with
mommy and Elvis hi Elvis there we are in
Nashville Tennessee just checking out
some of the sights gorgeous city Wow
let's go back hey guys okay it's Sunday
we're still in Nashville
we ran the marathon on Saturday you are
there baby oh well we'll pay will pay
for the hats we should go with the
pictures oh yeah I guess Kelly goes hang
on there and vlog we should go there and
buy some cowboy hats do need cowboy hats
we need to have a cowboy hat I'll wear a
cowboy hat would you guys think that was
weird
we'll go see how much they cost anyways
one time Sunday this would be a short
video you guys I'm saying congrats on
the marathon man nice marathon riders so
we're just hanging out today the kids
are home hanging out Casey and Caylee
we're gonna spend a day together here in
Nashville we'll check out we're gonna go
to the Country Music Hall of Fame and
just get some stuff
enjoy the city it's gorgeous here
channel also if you guys want to go help
our buddies Brett and Ross on escape on
their on you know TV right now NBC
escape routes photoscape routes calm and
go join the White team Brett and Ross
will help them out in their challenges
they're about to win $100,000 and win a
reality show on NBC national television
great so go join their team go help out
Brett and Ross win okay
anyways a vlog of the marathon will be
up tomorrow we just want to make this
one quick one taker
sorry it's short today but we're hanging
out and we love you guys thanks for your
support
okay see you guys bye y'all let's get a
happen
