you are not watching the sheets arts
walk so sit back relax follow along to
the thing she says to the things she
does with his crew family and just
because she is more skinny than he was
before
please turn that
it'd be clean
in here he's wrong
Oh sir we're going to the very last gate
69 we have to beat those old ladies
there hurry though the ladies Oh are we
more 68a I lied
sixty-eight a shame Butler there he goes
we're going to Cincinnati first then to
Nashville
put your boats back on buddy it's
raining outside dich Cooper or baby tart
calls earth baby turn it is way too
early
rock hard calls Cooper gage buddy
Lucky's given you his boots so really
let's see how I did hairstyle here I
will look in the mirror it's up there
foot five doctor you ready for me to
take over and be your mom for two days
do you think it can handle it can't make
good choices at school if I kids who
don't have friends I need them to love
you have a good day no yeah oh hey let's
see let's see
grey pants with some brown boots and a
white trust and keep you you're good at
picking out bounties oh heck yeah
girlfriend
it's like we're in caravans
the line ID care logs I like the Care
Bears Care Bears care a lot that's where
they lived up in the clouds in Caroline
I know my Care Bears - who's your
favorite here this sunshine one
College Skinner look close
like so real
just glue this
came out of it like
I don't know lightning inside the clouds
lightning guys were about to go into
another clue
I'm just
that's like a ZEM
I don't like dick
okay you guys so I'm in the nanny I've
been tagged in for Colette and Shay so
here to take over their children and I
have gone from having one child to five
so well the others here at school we're
going to clean and do groceries and go
get lunch and prepare for dinner tonight
and try to do all the things that
collect us everyday she's amazing so
let's look at the fashionable children
and I have styled today we have this
baby tard whoo
hello beautiful nice attire turn let's
see the back of your hair oh isn't that
adorable cute bottom what about my
little guy hey loving that mohawk turn
that frown upside down sir let me see
your shirt schools got it yo on it huh
and then we got the rap tag
hey baby what are you drinking hi your
head looks cool oh don't you throw that
don't you throw that that used to be
Cooper's jacket when he was a little
tiny time okay we're off for some daily
adventure come on for the ride
thank you
airplane four colors
cheerleading Club of Life
it was excited for shopping what did you
get Missy a cake pot you better take
that thumb out of your mouth and put
that kink pop in there instead oh and
rock-hard is so excited to shop you
can't even wait where'd you get mr. hot
chocolate we're out shopping while the
kids are at school and I'm trying to be
productive but plutt I give it to you
this is hard this car is heavy uno dos
tres you guys ready ready Freddie's push
that red button I did I let me see hi
okay hi oh those are cool Oh spider-man
huh okay here's a great opportunity
great opportunity to choose happiness
even when something happened to me that
I can't help lost well they lost my
suitcase they don't know where it's at
yet could be in Los Angeles it could be
at a different airport he said which is
not fun because that means it could just
be anywhere in the world it could be
just sitting randomly like these poor
people suitcases somewhere and some
airport somewhere can I borrow some
eater clothes yeah so that means this is
the only pair of clothes I have and I'm
supposed to run a marathon on Saturday I
guess you gotta go shopping huh thanks
Delta love you oh it smells good iron
doesn't feel too hot to which I'm really
glad about I'm up to it why don't we my
show that's the one that's the one one
thing is the shoes my running shoes
that's one thing you can't like just go
buy a new pair of because when you run a
marathon you have to have shoes that
you've worn like for months before so
you don't get these giant blisters you
can't just like wear a brand new pair of
shoes to go run a marathon in which I'm
probably going to have to is the guy
basically acts like the bag
said he'll try but dude and that was
like my favorite shoes like all your
favorite clothes you know this is
probably one of the biggest two days of
my life
meeting my idol running this marathon
it's frustrating but there's nothing you
can do about it so that's the teaching
lesson right there we keep all our
electronics in our carry ons yeah and
all of our nice jewelry four pairs of
shoes and all my favorite clothes are
lost so there's that opportunity I
there's nothing I can do to get that
backpack right now you know that is
something that has just happened to me
in this world and it happens to lots of
people every day i tho have the choice
whether I'm in like washing change
stupid elf like to get on Twitter right
now I guess are freaking out on Twitter
try to get all you guys to piss off
Delta and get Delta to find my bag I
mean I guess I maybe I will do that it's
maybe Delta will take it more seriously
and I'll really try to find my bag
there's that option that people have to
say you know what I'm not gonna bug me
you should be like I'm gonna not let
Delta's choice to lose my bag affect my
choice to have a good day it's not like
they chose a mistake obviously but
that's secret that's how you choose
happiness you decide you're not going to
let that outside stimulus like
in a suitcase affect the rest of your
day I'm here in Nashville Tennessee it's
great weather I'm still pumping me Dave
Ramsey and get over that five this bus
and we're going to go to our hotel now
and probably go buy some clothes for me
cuz I've got a big night guys I'd see
she was happy - should I get a hot chick
to make out with you all right let's go
to the hotel you can stay on the board
the longest okay Cooper you see right
there
we got herds in the middle and baby
tarts behind him okay go ahead put your
feet up then let's go back
Cooper turn let's go back I'm holding
everybody hold his photo - yes you guys
trust me yeah okay put your feet right
there now lean to the right towards the
grass to the grass to the grass that's
the wrong way you don't want to play
that game okay I'll get on the back I'm
going to control this from the back here
we go is that fun you get them out of
your mouth okay crash crashing bail we
failed
that's a better way to sit on it Cooper
don't let it go too fast as there's a
baby on there baby on board people baby
on board okay put your feet down oh my
kids Road route is so happy let's see
your face baby let's do it again
careful and rock was left in the back
get him go we just went shopping and got
some treats and we got to have movie
night and I have a surprise for the kids
later and for you guys are gonna love it
nanny time humma maan is free we're in
Nashville and they're playing music but
to the ball is
and they call up Delta just called and
they found our bag in Orlando it's an
Orlando Orlando what you do then go to
your Hale Orlando they called Karli
because mommy tarted puts I remember
let's go to Hot Topic
mommy talk put a tag on the bag with the
home phone number and they called Carly
and then she gave him my cell phone and
now they're delivering it to us tonight
at 11 okay guys it's on this surprise
children I need you all to come and sit
on the sofa so I can explain to you what
is about to happen da da da
hey rocked heart you want to sit with
the kids get on the couch so I can tell
you what we're going to do one two three
four and five the first step to our
adventure is I need you guys hey
blogging here I need you guys to go and
put on pretty warm clothing I need you
to put on some pants and a sweater and a
jacket wait I didn't say down and your
shoes and then we're going to come back
for step two so I'm gonna put on some
warmer clothes and then we're gonna hey
I didn't say Oh baby Jim oh oh good boy
Rock chart okay we got the clothes and
the clothes and yes warm warm warm I
have a crew
yeah Oh once I guess okay what's your
guess Oh spit it out oh okay okay that's
that's a good guess we're gonna do it
today are we gonna roll cells a guess
baby tart it's going to be fun
what's your guess are you popsicles
these guys have no idea case I'm gonna
give you guys a clue are you ready yeah
you ready yeah you guys need to sit
closer together setting you all your
cute faces and frame getting the clue
okay I'm putting the clue on the table
okay so now what's your guess is what
we're gonna let those weather uh yeah
hey rock hard you're messing this up oh
you uh you only get one guess to long
we're gonna fold the laundry ooh that
could help out mommy's hardened but no I
would make you wear warm clothes to fold
the laundry hmm yeah it's a good guess
get that thumb out of your mouth boom
we're in a tie baby tart up okay so this
is what we're really doing we are going
on an adventure I'm gonna blindfold you
guys I'm gonna put you in the truck and
I'm gonna drive you somewhere in the
back and it's a surprise what we're
going like it doesn't seem like whoever
was my daring us no nothing like that a
good experience for our hearts and for
our eyes and our tummies and for our
mouths it's gonna be experience of a
lifetime you guys ready yes
like setup you can't guess me we already
had your guesses cable here is a rule
once I've lined fold you you cannot pick
if I catch you peeking that you don't
get the second suppress because there's
three surprises tonight the first
surprise is an adventure the second
surprise is something we're going to eat
the third surprise it's activity we're
going to do you don't get the second
surprise so everybody raise your arm hey
raise their arm and say I promise I
promise I won't cheat Hoshi and I won't
peek or I get no second and third
surprises all right and I love my aunt
Carly okay so everybody is blindfolded
except for this one but he's like a lot
is going on hey you could kind of see I
knew it case you're the test I'm here
she oh she she can't see oh she can't
see who's next
oh you can't see okay you guys have to
feel it you have to trust your leader
who's your leader yeah okay so we're
gonna make our way to the car come on
what um are you gonna pick us up I can
help you Oh rocks were dropped our just
attacked baby tart rocked hard you got
to be careful they can't see hey you
guys
we're gonna go Oh wish me luck here we
go what do you guys smell or hear I hear
wait guys crab cake
the kids are know we're doing but for a
beach and the Sun is
Hey right here okay we're close here way
you do oh sure no cheating
not yet rock cards leading the way Oh
what whoa what did you just feel I'd
sand sand whoa
how are you guys doing over there don't
look baby tard Lucius what are you here
come on come on everybody turn to the
right follow my wife this way this way
follow my voice follow my voice
keep walking you're fine keep walking Oh
close your eyes okay everyone take off
your blindfolds take off your blindfolds
right yeah okay can we get a circle I'm
going to teach you something hasn't
Curie a little tarde
okay guess what's going to happen in ten
minutes we're gonna watch the sunset and
it's going to go over the water and it's
going to be beautiful does that sound
cool okay we're gonna watch the sunset
you guys have you ever seen the sunset
across water I feel like she isn't it's
just something the singing on yeah you
could touch the sand yeah oh look at
Rock chart he's like I love the sand
that was a little harder than I thought
to leave them all it wasn't as
mysterious as I thought it would be
stupid little man yes you can sorry I
told you guys to wear warm clothes but I
thought I was gonna be colder are you
dying there Sun tarde it's pretty hot
huh let's go put our feet in the water
should we buy yeah we want to go get in
the water I'm going in the water cold so
cold you want to go want me to go with
you you want me to take your shirt off
you don't need your shirt off it's too
cold
to sunset
so close three this is one we have one
more and then one more for two more
oh gosh I should have prepared better
beautiful beautiful what do you think
about this be maxing it pakka swim
trunks
I got that talking to you so I hope they
liked my little adventure I think they
were kind of like what are you doing but
it's the thought that counts right
no is it real gonna pinch you know where
to go oh my gosh look you found it how
did you know
push Shan Cubs living soon you're so
smart
did you show that to the kids too look
at you fighting the sand craft
did you see the sunset what about you a
little bit I'm missing your pants
they got sandy that's okay hi beautiful
what Cooper's not trying to be symbolic
of the beautiful light and Sun and we're
all trying to have a good experience
learn something beautiful in our hearts
and goobers I want to go home I'm sad
being wet what's your best whiny face I
wanna see it
tell me you're whiny face me some of
your potty face me Rob chocolates here
let's your sad face I hear the message
that we're trying to learn he's in the
spirit okay let's see your happiest face
ever
ah I love you happy sunset we're going
at peach I've been ojala is that my
chair yes that's my cousin
let's go job let me get out on the carts
little bumps I'm not sure for sure
see I knew I can tell your little bum
wasn't nuts in that seat you get out cuz
it was purple no cuz your butt prints oh
but Fred Jenna but princess out on the
scene in a crime haha we tracked her by
her but Fred's
hopefully my suitcase comes tonight
they'd use got a farm they said it's
gonna come tonight at 11:00 it went to
Orlando listen I'm gonna bring it to us
they wanted to go my bag just wanted to
make a quick trip to Disney World
before it came to the Nashville Marathon
and went to Orlando I don't know why but
they sent my bag to Orlando somehow and
it's gonna be here tonight so it's
flying through the air to me as we speak
oh this is cool look it's like we're
next to each other but there's a mirror
and you're right there hey high five I'm
gonna hit you in the face ready so what
we're thinking you guys we just figured
out cuz mami tarde figured it out she's
a genius
what are you doing oh I know you're
gonna make this go back yeah that's like
now it's like you're sitting on my lap
kind of what that's weird anyways uh
mommy car just realized I'm sitting here
tell them what you realized I realized
that we still had the old tags on from
when we went to Orlando for playlist
live and they probably got confused
because the lady forgot to put a tag on
that bag that's why it went somewhere
else
- Orlando - Earl and we're the old test
old hag you know what happened I
guarantee this is what happened cuz
remember how she had us put both the
suitcases up there on the same time so
what happened is she put the one tag on
your bag and then I put my bag up there
and then she probably just you know had
a little brain fart and then there was
the old tag from Orlando when we went to
pilots live and then put it on the thing
and then it went to Orlando for the old
thing I think we just struck homes - out
what our freaking bag happened to it I
don't know if I said that right but you
know what I understood you know what I'm
meaning you know what I mean or you know
they could just do it when they check
the bags hey whatever I mean yeah we'll
pull the old ones off from now on yeah
good point I don't trust them no more
trusting people that are checking the
bags
so our second adventure was short-lived
because the kids couldn't wait long
enough we went and got a cup and a spoon
oh you're eating you're better not
wonderful
where's your head , granite I hope it
looks like nothing more did you eat
pomegranate ice cream um red raspberries
and that was yeah mine wait
you definitely didn't have any all over
your face where'd you eat oh you had
nothing either peach you had peach with
what on it I can't frickin oh you got
mangoes and oranges how was that and it
was nice for most fruit yogurt you had
vanilla with what strawberries and
raspberries
Tyrande something later
nigga bad idea to be than ice cream
before putting them too much yogurt last
and final surprise is everybody ready
yes but I don't know if I wanna do it
tonight you might have to wait till
Cecily or Cillian Casey might be too
late Oh what is it look it's
glow-in-the-dark sidewalk chalk so we
make it live yeah we're gonna make the
glow-in-the-dark chalk and then you draw
on this chalk on the sidewalk with it
can you do whenever Union for I'm gonna
do it tonight I think so we had crazy
adventures thanks for Sabbath odd
Shaytards president yeah today this lady
goes home
you look fantastic for having five
children I'm like well I've only had one
so but you should see their mom she's
even better than me and she's had four
okay love you guys they love you
good night hey you tell them not me cuz
I know you love me
and this has been another episode of the
Shaytards make sure to check out
yesterday's vlog to the left a new Katie
Lapp video to the right about making
healthy choices and also wait a minute
is this pretty intern wait where do you
go hey guys
Brett the intern do I look different I
hope not because you could only hear me
your silly Billy's stalkers I just want
to say hello because some of you were
commenting like Denise you should get
Breton and slate and being the awesome
editor that she is she invited me in
slate and yes she is still editing and
yes I'm still Brett and I'm in Vegas
right now I'm shooting the final episode
of escape routes at NBC the reality show
if you haven't seen it it's not Hulu and
all that all the information is on my
Twitter which is in the link below at
Bret the intern but yeah I just want to
say hello I want to say a big big big
good luck to shave for tomorrow's
marathon in Nashville I wish I could be
there to see it but we're gonna have to
cheer them on from over here and I miss
you guys I'm gonna be home very very
soon I just want to say that I've missed
the Shaytards and denise is doing an
awesome job so proud of her virtual high
five and yeah leave a comment below
about anything you want just leave
comment and keep watching and I miss you
guys and I'll be back soon
lots of love from Brett the intern and
everybody else alright
beep oh I don't know I was gonna say I'm
so nervous
how do you do this okay bye
