you are not watching the sheets arts
walk so sit back relax follow along to
the thing she says to the things she
does with his crew family and just
because she is more skinny than he was
before
please turn that
it'd be clean
in here he's wrong
good morning to the people in the valley
that are jumping high off that mountain
with the hang glider whoo-hoo Damian
Casey that's what we do when two day is
jumping off that big mountain with the
English drop to our backs and then we're
gonna land right here yeah that's right
we are hang gliding today why not why
not jump off of a perfectly good
mountain with a hang glider strapped to
your back so this is our new web series
me and Casey have started a new series
called bro ventures brothers on
adventures and we've already shot one of
them when we went cliff diving remember
when I said and I showed you guys when
went up Malibu Canyon and I said we're
scouting this thing for a shoot well
that was for this new web series bro
ventures so this is our second episode
we'll start uploading them soon we're
just been working on edits and like
exactly how we want them to look and
stuff but me and Casey are going to
start this new thing where we go and
just do crazy adventures and call it bro
ventures and this is adventure number
two jumping off that mountain with hang
gliders we've never hang glid is that a
hang glid glided what's the past tense
of hang glide Omar hang glowed you hang
did you hang gloated me no Marwat hang
Golota team yesterday so it's one time I
Hank loaded around the world you ate a
hang glowed case we're trying to figure
out what the past tense of hang glide
was hang glide gloated hing light we
can't figure it out but we're gonna
figure out once word 3,500 feet off the
ground
all right you guys we're headed up the
mountain right got to put it in
four-wheel to get up here
buddy rock card huh now you're just
somebody that I used to know somebody I
used to know
he was totally singing it you guys we
had that song blaring he's gone somebody
no oops you're gonna be the world's most
amazing singer baby ever now you're just
somebody that I used to buddy I love you
it sucks of this view isn't very good
though whatever I guess we'll just have
to do amazing I feel like we're on top
of the world we just been to the top of
Everest okay it's really happening okay
so what does this have a name Fred does
she have a name
I think you should name it case I don't
know I think it needs a name my name
mine red Talent
can we name ours red Talan I want it to
be red talent and our we should have a
cheer right so this is our scissor
airplane this is our device is our
glider gonna take us off this mountain
we got about a 20-minute flight today I
don't wanna show you guys too much on
the vlogs you guys got to go watch this
fixity at the edit the video together
but I am so anxious to jump off it to
soar off of this mountain it's exciting
okay so this is the last thing that it
says to you before you run off of the
edge I think it's probably a little too
late to remind you of that it's probably
like a joke right it's like satire like
oh boy don't forget to hook in cuz
you're about to go off this giant
mountain haha good joke whoever put that
in look at the O's or yeah their beard
yeah somebody is an artist and a
comedian and they're like really tell
you how can you like this like this are
you hook bones represents check
everything yeah probably what you wanna
do is look at that water tank out there
see with that that dirt this all that
wine oh it's all graded off it looks
like a light green white drop water tank
that's gonna be your focus on launch oh
look at me don't look at the ground you
look at me might running behind me jump
and fall if you look at the ground you
might try and run around something
that's unimportant you'll launch a
clattering place you wouldn't want to
walk you don't worry about that
I like tripping out I feel like it's not
real like it feels like a dream it
really feels like a dream it's it's it's
quiet see the ground I feel like I'm
flying
right I love you okay so here comes
Casey get the shot yeah but don't get
run over man Lalli coming out of the way
hahaha what do you think did I see the
second I was about like I am gonna do
this so many more times in my life holy
crap
we just flew you don't go hang gliding
so cool oh no I'm gonna buy a hang
glider simply have a used hang glider
for sales seriously leave a link below
hoanib I would use and if you are new
walking slow if you are close we're
ready beginning I pledge allegiance to
the flag of the United State
America and to the Republic for which it
stands one nation under God indivisible
with liberty and justice for all it
wasn't good yeah hi dick no no you got
away better wait don't wait somebody's
looking to get his grubby little hands
on some brownies before its time they
gotta announce all the awards and then
we get the refreshments little babies
they always get it wrong it's Awards
then refreshments got it who could sort
scouts tonight and mommy card is leading
the pack and son tart got to do the
color guard and have them post the flag
it's really cool because I so so so have
vivid memories of growing up in scouts
and you know doing that same thing being
so nervous to say the right stuff to
like pull the flag out and just do it
right and you know everybody's watching
and you're wearing your scarf and
everything it's cool anyway it's Prince
counts it's fun oh this flower smell
good smell Oh smell them they smell good
hey rock face come smell the flowers
dude nice boots he's got these little
boots on it's been running around and
Tooting around here you want a drink
from the drinking fountain off your bro
ready she pushed down on it
can you reach you got a climb up there
you climb up I am NOT getting with it
it's over here over here see if I can
teach him to do a swatch here let's set
up here so my foot I'm up
I'm up good job good job baby boy I'm
balancing them on my foot getting a tree
daddy's full there we go that's a real
leg burger so they started to burn my
quads okay there we go
nice teamwork teamwork good job okay
let's see if we taught him ready okay
here climb on I'm on end up end up there
we go get a drink
this is kilobyte legs bib
daddy and son working together to get a
drink of water that's how you do it so I
bet you guys had no arbor days on Friday
so we're checking out trees here at
scouts checking out bamboo all the
different types of trees what's your
favorite one
why is that one your favorite why is
that it smells good too
does it smell good has little flowers on
it let me see yeah did
that's pretty let's see your haircut I
forgot you got a haircut your hair look
it looks good whatever you at school say
about your hair yeah didn't even notice
Oh lame we I think we have a star on our
hands is that what you do with that it's
not plugged in he's like this thing
isn't plugged in I know it's supposed to
be louder than that it's usually a lot
louder than that come on where's the on
button singing he totally knows it's not
working he's like oh there nope nope
it's not plugged in dude see this part
look son you have to plug that part in
yeah that has to be plugged in before it
works oh do you see him put it on those
smart I just did a faux pas vlogger faux
pas thought I was vlogging I wasn't I
hardly ever do that anymore man I'm
getting rusty maybe anyways I just
explained to the kids how the internet
works how you have to download the video
file from the email that I got just from
our editor so that we can now upload the
bro friend parody tomorrow I'm so pumped
I want to put it right now and I was
telling these guys because princess tart
said what do you mean uploaded tomorrow
it's already uploaded I said no that's
just the video file that we have on our
top so that we can watch it and then
we'll upload the video file tomorrow so
that everybody can see it and I
explained to them that right now the
only offs can see that video nobody else
can see it so then Sun tarda said we're
like secret agent stone and we can only
watch it and then we need to open up
holders so our secret ate all the people
no one knows no not everybody all say
yeah just a few - there's some people
not everybody knows for the Shaytards
works so we are secret agents and we've
watched the bro Fionn bro friend parody
four times now and rocks heart likes it
watch our do you like it you like it oh
you met you kissing your sister what do
you think baby tart do you like to be
like the video do you like it for
princess card here it is you guys if you
haven't checked it out yet please go
check it out it's the new bro friend
parody hmm
check it out links below you guys please
go thumbs it up and favorite it I think
it's good tell me you think Rob card
keeps planet rocked our deposit
oh we let him see too much if you want
to see the rest of the video you're
going to have to click the link to your
right it's finally out they all worked
so hard on it so please favorite it
thumbs it up comment social network it
up you know you know what to do and to
your left is yesterday's vlog which is a
good old 20 minute or so be sure to
check that out and of course you guys
know the 1 2 & 3 in the middle or what
the Shaytards were doing one year ago
two years ago and three years ago video
number three shay is out shooting guns
in Idaho that's always good time oh is a
fun thing to watch and I notice that the
thumbnail of the video from three years
ago is actually Shay's user icon for
Shaytards so I guess exactly three years
ago today Shay picked his icon for Shay
darts okay guys that's everything please
check out the bro friend video and share
it and buh-bye
