guys sunbathe beautiful beautiful day
today isn't it guys yes well it was oh
it's over now but it was really awesome
well it was beautiful today was a good
day
yeah man to church and Shay's actually
asleep because he ran eight no 19 miles
this weekend so he's famished absolutely
famished
yes go for it you're such a good Cal I
have to tell you guys I did not end up
changing rock transitioning Rock charts
bed into a crib because I didn't realize
but we're leaving we're going out of
town this weekend and I didn't want to
put that on there between or transferee
transitioning I was watching that vlog
and you're trying to think about the
word I was saying transferring my mind
or transferred writings form is gonna go
from a crimped would transform I think
that transition is the best whereas
issue Madeira but I'm glad that you
transformed or transfer yourself from
bed to up here because we missed you
sorry
he was good he's the best baby he just
falls asleep he smiles at me he's the
best he's wide awake and I like I went
to kiss him on the neck and he's like
and then you guys wanna see how I won
City champion wrestler three years how
I'm sure that Sun card wants to see it
move it looks like he's dying to see it
brother dog oh boy cool bro
let's share one let's share one valuable
thought with them and then we got to go
to bed okay so here's a good quote that
we heard in church today the most oh no
what matters most what matters most
lasts the longest and families are
forever as a church today huh that's a
good one huh guys that's one you want to
remember maybe write down on the bumper
sticker and throw it on your motorcycle
or Bank your car hey am I doing this
right
sometimes what like interdenominational
well you'll learn it just takes time bro
trust me yes it is it's like one of the
longest words there is it's like seven
no.21 interdenominational I remember in
school right I was like that's a longest
word I knew and then what was the other
long word I was like so proud it was
like 17 letters what's the longest word
you know hasn't looked the most letters
of mine was interdenominational what's
your longest oh yeah
supercalifragilistic alright see yes
tomorrow you have any footage for Garang
I'm going to run the Nashville Marathon
next Saturday so I'm trying to get ready
for it with Dave Ramsey the country
music marathon and we'll have a meet-up
when we go to Nashville we're leaving
you kids here it's gonna be just me and
mom tizzle okay I'm hanging out okay
everybody say come on happy Sunday
that's all you do don't break your
sisters are my Sundar's got baby tarde
in an armbar armbar armbar see you guys
tomorrow bye
