I sit down my computer AC but you have
done so far today it's just nice see
reality it's just a cool family be good
to each other
but your beard is awesome
and your kids are awesome
and your wife is
tomorrow bye and the day began with a
star full of fruit yeah yeah there's a
fruit for you right there
Oh easy on the cleaver you bent down at
their own pen so Logan wait don't you
say you have you have a class what do
you have a guy broadcast technology of a
broadcast technology class you should
get extra credit for this your
broadcasting there's some technology
here we got all that technology there's
Kurt
look at mr. technology just walked into
the room Kurt loves mom's nice shirt bro
Kurt you're the best anyways we're on
set today with Carly Stiles cute and we
got the brothers in studio we're gonna
do it on the couch me in case we're
gonna really get down to our feelings do
we have a great kiss in yesterday's vlog
oh it's running without me
can I count that can I count that
towards my my miles today I'm gonna try
to get to five miles today I've been
running for my knees have been starting
to hurt but they've been creased
crease increasingly getting better I
can't talk great shoes by the way
exiting The Green Mile in our office of
maker studios there's literally one mile
of green fence so you have to drive down
the one mile of green fence and then
you're at maker studios okay so well you
drive down the one mile green fence and
then you get through the half mile of
taupe and yeah this is the taupe this is
the taupe wine yeah kind of changes
doesn't it yes that's the green mile
alright so with the brawl bros low globe
wearing his shirt shirt it's cute little
stripy t-shirt v-neck and we're just
hanging out we just got done with an
animation meeting Logan are you you kind
of bored like we've been on a meetings
with business we've been doing a lot of
work since you've got here huh like come
out here to California and we'll work
the whole time are you pissed that we
haven't been able to do anything fun
into fun time he's probably gonna stay
actually a few more days he was gonna
fly home yesterday but we're gonna call
mom and dad and see if he can stay along
who's gonna fly home yesterday but that
mean so we're gonna try to get him to
stay till Sunday you want to stay till
Sunday lows I would love to stay home
and then we can actually go do some
stuff instead of shooting videos 12
hours a day and going to meetings at
maker studios will actually take them
around and show them California you
haven't been to Hollywood yet have you
haven't no I got to take you down there
and show you look yeah here's the
scripts me and Casey's new cartoon
together
don't show them too much
it's or it's gonna be awesome we were
just going over lines welcome maybe if
you're lucky we'll write yet part for
you it would be cool
this is called my six-mile makeover so
if you guys want to try it out
just run six-packs okay
okay guys so I did six miles I did two
rounds three miles because the machines
only let you go for thirty minutes here
I was almost to my last 30 minutes I
haven't quite hit six miles yet I had to
go faster so I would hit that before it
stops me sockets like that last mile I
was like I'm gonna die but I was so
determined to hit that six miles guys
that's the most I've ever run at one
time I never did cross country I did a
mile in in high school for one year in
track and I was the worst at it so
that's the most I've ever run at one
time and I'm like I'm so happy right now
because I have been working on it and
I've run three and four miles and I've
been discouraged because my knees been
hurting I was like no I'm gonna push
myself today and hit that six mile and
it's given me a little bit more
motivation because I know I can do that
so now I'm going to keep trying to do
five and six miles and work up to the
next jump which will be obviously more
than that thanks for watching me you
guys I know I'm sweating like a pig so
let's go spend some more Callie
are you ready so Charlie and right -
when the treadmill just to cool down it
always stops before I want to
yeah I know you're like you're really
motivated it's hard because you're
really motivated and then the treadmill
stops automatically and it makes you
cool down and instead of starting it
over you're like really good maybe maybe
I don't need to go as far as I wanted to
that's the danger of treadmills she is
the most impressive dancer of all the
dancers that have ever danced of all the
death see you laughs that are you made
her feel self-conscious she became
self-conscious here Anna come here baby
tired now Casey's gonna dance with you
watch Casey dance come on you have a co
dancer watch his move see if we can do
the same moves as him watch Casey's
moves see his sweet moves look at him
sweet moves check him out dude he's
rocking the SCB retard Supremes even
dancing away a thug okay see okay see
like I'm dominating you floor you have
nothing on me floor so you look at my
feet I think she's got it done you got
it bro Oh Cooper what are you laughing
at what do you bet eat in blue face
the toddler terror can you hear the
birds chirping that's because I'm out in
my sunny garden checking out my cilantro
bushes that's not true I don't have
cilantro bushes there oregano I was just
kidding
anyways today's the end slate it would
better be a long one because today was a
short video guys have been slammed got a
lot of stuff up go check out all the
links if you haven't linked all the
links and you can't be mad cuz there's a
podcast there's a new Colette video her
name's mami tard you might know her she
made my babies for me I'm really
appreciative to her to her for doing
that anyways check it sorry didn't cut
that part out where I didn't know what I
was talking about also you guys big no
nevermind cut that part out too huh
alright you guys check out all the
videos sorry today as a shorter video
we'll have a long one tomorrow I promise
check out the links love you and kiss
your faces for know that was stupid too
he's cut that part out whatever I'm dumb
head alright see you guys tomorrow okay
guys before we let you go I'm just gonna
help shout a little bit by explaining
what's on the end slate to your left is
yesterday's vlog featuring some behind
the scenes footage of the big video that
Shay and his brothers have been working
on the past two days and that of course
is the parody of Justin Bieber's new
song boyfriend
and will be on Shay Carl's channel in
the very near future but for now you can
just watch the vlog to see some of the
behind the scenes and to your right is a
brand new podcast with Sara Penna we're
happy to bring the podcast back and
we're hoping you watch this new one it's
a very good one very interesting stuff
ok guys that's all see you tomorrow bye
