got a pile of kittens got a pile kittens
hi-ho the derry-o we got a pile of
kittens don't have to do it you can
catch it yeah I got it
job job I used to catch him all the time
when I was your age don't face your
brother with it chase your brother I
love that you're chasing your brother
with you ever just look at yourself and
again I'm ugly that's not now I'm gonna
be bald in about three years
I'm Oliver anyways hi we're working out
mr. Howie Howie we're exercising umm
dietbet dude dead cons coming I gotta
get shaped dietbet join our diet that
link below okay let's go Monica stop
yelling we're coming how many sacks is
your record hack jack whoa we doing a
spin around a flip-flop spin around
what's going on there whoo ah dude
that'd be cool can you start like that
one two three four five six seven eight
uh what's your record now uh dying dog
that's a good one too so don't kick your
little brother's head hey watch out your
heads about to get hacky sack me okay
here we go we're exercising shayloss
join the diet bet with us guys it's
summertime you feelin better link below
it's fun you guys we've done them before
do it with us alright to wrap on the
workout hopefully you guys are checking
those out on the shayloss Channel every
Tuesdays and Thursdays either go live on
Facebook
youtube.com slash a loss the workouts
are up their little secret of life and
you know you guys have heard me talk
about this before but it really is it's
a secret ingredient
you guys want my advice you ever tweet
me for advice shaycarl seems to know
what's going on what does he do man
exercises the secret ingredient tell you
what it's hard yeah it's hard dot sucks
nobody likes it you learn to like it cuz
you feel better because you feel
stronger and it gives you energy it's
just crazy weird thing maybe endorphins
hey body in motion stays in motion so
what a better way if you like watching
Chatard woggs do you guys like hanging
out our family the workouts are mostly
with the entire family we did 30 days of
workouts together as a family so you
guys want to feel better don't just sit
in front of the computer all day
watching stupid Shaytards idios get up
and exercise go out shayloss videos we
are an eternal unstoppable force for
good let's go baby kick it into motion
hey you guys you're such a good daddy
this is how Shay gets his workout he
carries children on his shoulders the
whole time 28 pound weight he had a V on
his shoulders a minute ago Jeff hey love
Kim beautiful out here isn't it guys
those clouds in the background look like
it's gonna rain
good welcome the rain we get out and run
Yeah right
okay run don't fall why are you going
pick your feet up
pump your elbows uh-oh Oh what happened
here that blood splatter what happened
dude he's riding his bike you're right
let me see everybody knows that's kind
of gross it's part of being a little boy
though I guess huh put it back right why
don't you get a clean tissue go get a
new one yeah that's kind of disgusting
but it's funny to me so I'm gonna leave
it in the video
he looks at it what the heck what
seriously dude you got you're bleeding
man must've been a bad wreck
hey were you wearing your helmet why not
you need to be wearing your helmet dude
that's Batman hi Batman kitty no to
kitty pile actually actually they're
pretty cute huh guys
oh man that's holding on for dear life
you giving them kisses me look at that
one has blue eyes friends baby we have
made the water at it cool dudes
Wow they all have blue eyes they're so
cute I hope every single one getting out
of here Batman has a crime to solve
vexy he's gonna go save the day yeah
uh-huh
that's what Batman does Daxton like
these kitties they are so cute what
there's thing one thing two vectors they
tired that time beta there we go yeah
you're talking a lot that Batman the
kitty right hoop dreams dreams time dude
we're tired Gavin's killing it we did a
workout then we did a hill run now we're
gonna play some hoop balls ready
first one to seven wins initiate
time-lapse now first one to seven
Oh
Oh put one drop this right now go again
the bear Bowl
the two gap is winning by two
never ever hit this right now all right
up storm one to turn six five five six
female
ah six-six next shot wins no.1 by 2x
point wins
gavin wins 7 to 6
good job buddy guys where were you on
defense hmm come on we're putting it to
good use
yeah you should all go on the - okay
let's see it all right let's see it is a
look yeah okay I'll get in the back
great so all that you wrote over there
let me check this sprinkler with him oh
oh I'm not hearing any crying I'm only
hearing laughter that's a good sign he's
yummy thanks yes hmm okay your dirty
bums
I dig oh oh
adds up I love how she just glides
across the water it's a little 1dc
catching white birds it was let's go
back oh yes okay how's your dad
yes q remember how to catch it you're
gonna catch one if you you have yeah got
it
well I think that'll work it's too small
I can look right there it'll hurt you
right there was like a worm on it still
you want to drive it closer in the hedge
so that it doesn't bite you they're
snorting it where to go
ah I don't have to do it you can catch
it yeah I got it
job job I used to catch him all the time
when I was your age face your brother
with it ha ha ha
Jase your Brotherhood love that you're
chasing your brother wasn't serious
that's funny I used to catch little
water snakes that's it did it bite you
try to now listen this is a water snake
he's not very scary
hey stop don't grab a look now he's in
defense mode
yeah that means he's ready to strike at
you should go put him back in the grass
yeah how do you write it then well
that's cool thank you coming by its neck
listen if this thing had a rattle on its
end
you better not touch it maybe he just
stepped over where it was what what oh
this weather so cool yeah they feel
really cool you scared yeah I have a
skirt yeah nice to meet you yeah go put
him in the grass oh we got a good shot
we got enough shots hmm let him go home
let's not scare him too much
Hey
what are you doing Bowen Steelers much
he is he's like oh look they're
distracted yes makes dealer phone
stealer Oh hi-ho the derry-o a pile of
kittens and a snake who would if we put
the snake in the pile of kittens that
could be fun I bet you they would eat
him pilot kins would eat a snake right
babe
no it's too small of a snake but if that
snake grew then he could eat the pilot
kittens what are we talking about hi
welcome to the in slate thanks for
watching the Shaytards vlogs if you want
to see what we did yesterday then click
on the previous you know how this works
is this anybody's first time on the
insolate mm-hm
it's a clickable screen you can put your
mouse right on the screen and click it
to take you to a different location it's
kind of like a teleportation device if
you think about it think about it think
think think about it okay I gotta go
enough talking and slight click love you
thumbs up bye
