good morning we're at school very early
this morning because if you late - no
you did never you do never not want to
be late wait what you don't ever want to
be late on a field trip day so where you
ladies going today Oh baby Pardo be so
careful okay Phil always makes you
nervous
princess Jarrod was so pumped today to
go on her field trip last night she said
we can't be late mom we can't be late
and usually oh yeah you go careful I'm
just gonna go down the fireman saw oh
that's the problem with the morning time
morning time playground play is always
wet but this morning she got right up
you weren't sleepy oh yes you did good
job and your mom's in New York huh yeah
so you did your hair and everything and
you look fabulous
whoa I remember the days of hop scotch
good job little red shoot whoa you guys
are fast it's like the hopscotch relay
nice what's going on hey Samantha that's
gonna become a thing where I call it I
call the dog a different name every time
now I have all right sorry Patricia
Maria introduce your dog to everybody
Lucy wake up come on over here you know
I just lost my dog I can't believe you
brought your dog in here right after oh
no I'm gonna start crying come here Lucy
come here come come follow me here good
puppy Malik I would love to play with
you huh I had this thought the other day
and I doesn't have just tell these guys
this thought but then I didn't you
watching her videos is a way to support
a local business right I mean we're a
local business we're at work right now
we're here I'm at work right now seeing
how hard you put this couch in here by
the way so I was just thinking that's a
cool way to support local business cuz
look at these guys are here at work this
is their job Lucy doesn't eat if Maria
doesn't come in here and produce our new
game show that we're doing right when is
it coming out and we're excited tell me
this do we no points on the scavenger
hunt yes
I want to get in on this are you adding
them up as you watching today I'm
watching the video and I'm telling it up
I can't let me pull up the spreadsheet
room yeah yeah
can we see who is closed for a quick
little teaser know I know and these are
the points for the scavenger I'm okay so
we had this giant scavenger hunt with me
and Colette and Casey and Hailey and
glozell and Carly down on the Third
Street Promenade for this new game show
we're doing that Jared and Marie are
producing and we had to go do all these
crazy things show maybe we just show a
little teaser like one thing that we do
sign chart is the he's sorry this is so
so that was just one thing I'll say we
had to perform with a street performer
on the Third Street Promenade oh there
was a yep I had a arm wrestle some
random guy on the Third Street Promenade
these are just random people as we were
out there and we got points for the more
things that we did and we're competing
as teams against each other so we're
really excited for that to come out
that's a great piece of content we hope
you enjoy and laugh that that's gonna be
on the shake Carla's panel right Lacey I
don't know I just gave my boat she has a
cool like white line going to her face
totally love you your character it's
great character anyways you guys support
your local businesses and watch our
videos now I say local business it's not
like you know you don't live where I
live it's not necessarily local but it's
like you know internet local like we're
an internet community business I was
just thinking about I mean it's not
necessarily like a local businesses like
Stan's pet shop down the street from you
so you watching my videos isn't
necessarily supporting local businesses
but you see where I'm going you can help
make the leap with me right you're
helping me be upon true preneur and you
being you're one of my customers in a
sense I guess right no I don't know what
this weird relationship is oh let's have
a tea TR we need to determine the
relationship talk between you and I if I
really think about I mean there's some
of you honestly who've been watching for
years yeah
yeah there's some 11e they're just
holding this camera in my hand for years
some of you have been here for this
whole journey right some of you're like
oh yes J that just me anyways alright
I'm getting all set of milk I gotta get
on the truck hey bye go let's go
you wouldn't go into the chair you're
insanely strong did you know we are in a
little bit of a crunch the house is a
mess and somebody's coming over in a few
hours so we need help can you type your
no I know you look but we need help what
can we try singing out the window where
are they wait wait maybe it's because I
don't have a princess dress on you have
to do it help you that helpful
hey you want ice cream
how about a delicious carrot instead
get that leg up Johnny boy honest I want
you really to kick him in the face
sweep the leg Johnny somebody's about to
be kicked and I look great from back
here all three of you can take one just
because I'm gonna be nice today
No all right I want all three of you to
memorize York all right all right you
got it
memorize what it is the thing that looks
like a puppy dog footprint is a club
those of you at home you ready yell stop
as I go like that through the cards all
right oh yeah put it in there that's
yours you're gonna do the same thing
just yell stop anytime you want stop
right there put it in there up face down
it's okay if I see it it's okay I saw
that one it's okay put it in same thing
all right all three cards three
different places in the back I'm gonna
try to find yeah here we go actually
watch this check out first launch I'll
try yours first
ready check it out he's gonna do the
magic I paid them to do that sure okay
turn it over would you get yeah was that
yours cool and we have one more this
this is where now out of all those cards
I have to figure out which one is yours
all right it's gotta be in here
somewhere
how about this I'll just do this watch
check it out
I'm gonna put it right here take your
fingers that's crazy yeah well you guys
name's Wayne Hoffman he does and you
guys have a dollar on how many quarters
are in a dollar there usually unless
you're counting wrong okay watch this I
just shake you can see all four quarters
in your dollar bill one two yeah be
honest salad right there's nothing added
to it nothing take it away this is a
federal offense it's illegal it's called
defacing government property we go to
prison for that his own fight sees right
now dr. John shakes its head he stands
over answers but I'm eating a cookie
that's perfect and I'm gonna grab you
and then you throw me over top yeah then
I like the best part about this is that
Sam gives us Nutter butters I mean
that's it I mean that's Nutter butters
Nutter Butter for shame Nutter Butter
for shame Nutter Butter for Shea
that's how I roll yeah we're doing a
very important scene right now or Shane
gets his butt kicked by the superhero
choreograph Yuko aircraft week oh yeah
maja boy yes and Shane you're gonna walk
in a little more yeah so just walk into
where you're gonna swing from I will
find your Mars okay that's yeah that's
your mark right there
okay guys we got to go all right you
ready you ready he's beating this is it
folks hat you're kind of at the edge of
the frontier action knocks a homer with
him on this one
boom sabe thump oosik so these are
Steven Tyler's cue cards so no pressure
but if you mess them up then and maybe
you want it no exclamation he'll he'll
he'll know he's Steven Tyler this dot
the exclamation I'm gonna dress is this
what he's supposed to say yes save the
music good all right are those are those
are good enough
are those Steven Tyler approved are
these good for Steven Tyler oh yeah I'm
sure Stephen love this
haha I'm a big villain and the magician
all at the same time ha ha ha
dopers hey we just cleaned from top to
bottom the entire house in that right
guys can you be a little bit more
excited about this we just cleaned for
like two and a half hours straight but
guess what there's a lot greater shift
at work huh our parachutes do work and
they make garbage bag parachutes for
their dolls and they haven't worked
we'll have to work on that maybe I can
you did well of course that's not gonna
work the wind to weight ratio is just
not enough oh she has her baby ship
that's her baby carrier and the baby's
asleep
banging a baby's rock Todd but you're
gonna listen to tango
we've been obsessed with tangled for the
past five days we've been watching it
and listening to the soundtrack every
minute so we'll have to go listen to it
some work better when you sad that Flynn
Rider cut your hair I love you is it
better is it
look is it better no I'm not gonna work
mom he's on a mission I'm not sure what
he's doing but he's on a mission let's
go find out okay well he's managed to
get it this far you know what are you
gonna do oh really
really I'm not sure I agree with this
part what are you doing hmm this is my
stuff did you know it ya know it's nice
but
what do you you want deodorant what are
you gonna do with the deodorant well if
you're gonna wear in the order you have
their own flavor you need a manly flavor
over a boiling flavor oh is that me
boy Lee boy boyish no yakky
there's no lipstick put the lid on now
you got armpit juice in your lips that's
gross dude yeah no I promise I didn't
teach him to do that I'm sorry this is
the kind of stuff dude
seriously bro you're gonna you want to
break something okay can I have it back
now you're all hold it oh if it's not
one thing it's the other he's up on the
shelf up on a countertop up on the sink
playing with water or pulling mirrors
off of walls and she's always doing
something two-year-olds are crazy I tell
you what what are you doing
well I don't yeah I don't I got it oh
come here let's set it right there but
now you can look on it actually doesn't
look kind of fun babies every thought on
the mirror
get away from the outlet again maybe get
it out see the childproofing doesn't
work I don't know it's okay so we are
right we're just we're just decided they
were gonna have yes microphone yes in
the mustache what are we doing right now
we're about to jump off
thank you and we give a round of
applause
run gotta get on camera
Jane's saying how much she hates cats
Angie you hate casting my buddy that you
tried to take funny you made me a star
actually yeah I found out that he thinks
of you as like his girlfriend from his
one of his girlfriend she's like he
actually loves guess my told you so he
was trying to get those goldfish cutting
them steak style with a fork and a knife
seriously so adorable oh yes you're a
field trip how was it fish little big
thing what was it thing underwater where
has strings around it weird was high it
was why should we eat dinner now
good thing we're not eating fish that
would be sad pointing like the black
olive finger know or don't know what I
know what you two year old but oh hey
look at you very exciting
watch Oh fun with olives oh yes I love
that it reminds me of frog fingers well
today we went to go take a picture of a
tree frog with our Spanish teacher
school because we won't have science til
next year
huh you only have science once a year
shouldn't you have science like at least
once a week and some of these scientific
get science back in our school seriously
I feel like I'm eight sometimes and then
quit my art teacher and I like ionic I
wanted to keep holding it that's cool
ooh marshmallow a tree frog marshmallow
awaits leaf log to show you guys
tonight's dinner is I made barbecue
chicken two nights ago
and we had a lot left over so I mixed
the barbecued chicken with some orange
visit like orange chicken stock from
Panda Express
haha all the bays and some fresh
asparagus my sauteed with rice there's
no chili always the wanting to show off
seriously
I'm listening to music I'm sorry I
dropped you guys you know we're just
doing today we were eating
all right so we're wrapped on that shoe
that was really cool it's for adopt the
arts org the video I'm not sure where
it's gonna come out but it's more about
just promoting the cause apparently yeah
the the freaking government or whoever's
in charge like brown hair are getting
rid of all the arts and schools like all
the music and stuff so it's a website
that you guys should check out because
it's an organization that you know it
darts music I'm like way more interested
in that now because of what I do but how
cool was that I got to freaking work
with Steven Tyler it was so awesome just
being there and watching him he's like a
real professional he came in there and
took charge basically was like what if I
did this and like set it up and what if
I had my mic stand and he brought his
mic stand in and what if I jumped off of
this and singing like this in the camera
it was like perfect kay do it like that
you know you can see why he's a rock
star you know no he's like one of the
head judges on American Idol on Fox cool
guy awesome dude I might be in the
background of some like dance videos you
have to watch Alan for those I can't say
anything else just watch Ellen I think
it's gonna Ellen I'm excited about that
actually and it was fun man just it was
it really was this environment of like
oh then what if we did this and it was
it was just you know we were creating
art I don't get all like artsy on you
but it was it was fun Jane Lynch was
there she was funny cracking jokes and
it was like I felt like I was hanging
out with these guys you know they were
really cool anyways headed home to mommy
tart and the babies by truck turns face
off baby
save music good job
that's my rendition Stephen time I've
been singing that song all night long we
all were it was so cool last night oh my
gosh
last night yeah I'm making this ends
late in the morning yeah that's a little
inside too but laughs anyways
what a cool night it was last night she
with Jane Lynch Tony from The Ellen Show
is so cool he tweeted last night it felt
so awesome and of course the rock legend
Steven Tyler such a cool opportunity
anyways thank you once again to you guys
for watching our videos it's been
surreal so really cool bros anyways
check out yesterday's vlog as always as
we do here the end slate we click a
clack on some Lincoln Ewings you know
saw em bro check out yesterday's video
and then today March 13th fool Friday
that's not a Three Stooges rock tart be
quiet I'm doing the end slave he thinks
the end slaves bunny say hey and slate
dad anyways you guys Friday 13th today
the Three Stooges movie is out go check
out the video me Casey ed Bassmaster
went to Six Flags got to mess around
with people it was funny go check out
that video and Ed got hit in the face
with a basketball that was Casey's fault
by the way he gets credit for smashing
ed in the face anyways love you guys
thanks for watching and I'll see you
tomorrow
well hurt say bye say bye bye see you
guys bye hey guys sorry to extend the
ends late but Shay wanted me to remind
you that the one two and three in the
middle or what the Shaytards are doing
one year ago two years ago and three
years ago and guys just a little fun
fact about the video from three years
ago Shay was flying back from LA and
that was the time that he was visiting
LA and was first coming up with the idea
of maker studios with Danny and Lisa and
all of them but of course at that time
they didn't know they were gonna call
that maker studios yet and they had no
idea of what was in store for them okay
guys be sure to check those videos out
thanks bye
