good morning how's everybody doin today
sleepy faces all around the hey it's mr.
Rockler having a great day what what are
you doing brought your churros are smart
so much heroes do not on those Cheerios
bro
how they tasted manly delish oh boy yeah
nice using a spoon and everything you
ready for school Bravo you taking the
hunger games today
yeah what chapter you are where you at
I'm just on chapter 1 page page 7
alright well if you have any questions
about anything let me know I am on like
chapter 16 I want to say what happens
but I'll just say that Katniss is a bad
egg she's pretty cool and that's what
bothers me is she's so naive she doesn't
realize like the whole time with her and
Peeta she's like oh why does he try to
help me it's like come on are you really
that naive but I guess really she's just
a survivor her whole life she's been
raised and just like surviving in the
woods so that's all she really knows
it's like those human feelings maybe
aren't apparent to her she made all of
them why was her father made a holder
and me and she wrapped him right and she
hid all what she hide him in the woods
because she's like a survivor
I don't know that hilarious all right so
we're getting ready to go to school this
morning
daddy's doing his job and uploading this
Charles Barkley final video right now we
old upload to the youtube comments
wouldn't the bad it does so they're our
final video for Charles Barkley it's
finally finished me and Casey got to fly
to New York you guys remember all our
gets to go to New York and film with
Charles Barkley meet him that videos
finally uh please share it with as many
people as you can
thumbs it up favorite comment on it that
would be great how greatly try right
there it's not an interesting thing I'm
already linking to a video that hasn't
even gone live on YouTube yet it is in
the process this is always the
excitement it's like oh no this video do
good hopefully people like it hopefully
people will share it that's what we're
doing this morning rockers either stereo
I'm excited to finish the Hunger Games
why don't you hurry and finish the do
then we can go to the movie you got to
get reading though bro I mean you only
uncheck the only on page 7 man I'm on
chapter like 18 brought my way how do
you I have been cheating though because
I listen to it on my rounds so I don't
have to read it I just the lady reads it
to me in my earlobes hey nose-picker
Katja got you busting a booger out of
there
yeah here a bugger buster let's try to
do this cool shot early it's a breakfast
homework pen as we call this the
breakfast homework pen what homework
how's it going princess are you getting
it all done looks like you are sorry bro
don't mean interrupt
no you're working hard
studious young lady you finish yours
already next way should be alright
excited to have another great day smile
it's the only option you got sometimes
in it it's another beautiful morning
yeah Johnny singsong I don't really know
that way good morning everybody so today
we are headed to a shoot with somebody
you might know her name is Jane Lynch
she was a lot of things you might know
her best from Glee as the coach the mean
coach this is how crazy my life is Sam
macaroni texted me the other day and
just like two nights ago no wait it's
just last no it's two nights ago and
said hey I'm doing this thing with
Jonathan Shh who actually was in epic
war the guy who's from the movie that
thing you do if you remember the story
is when the first time mommy Turner ever
told me she left me and we were watching
that movie and so this guy he's doing
this project for the Arts in school
they're trying to cut all of the arts
out of the school system so he's trying
to make this video to try to you know
get people to not get them to cut the
arts out of school so I'll explain more
about it as we go but that's where I'm
headed right now to go shoot this I'm
freaking out man I hope I do a good job
so here I am on the corner of Beverly
and Locke cooing there are some roads
here they're really going I've got you
Tonga oh it's La Cienega it's still hard
to say yeah okay
dinosaur with
this is Jen's puppy what's his name
she's in she's gonna save the day
actually in this fax now the video just
got good yeah go to yards organ let's
make sure our children's voices are
let's do one more after she says voices
are heard right the cameras hear those
beautiful voices
looking good now it's a video
what's the Daisy hawk up a little bit
so here I am with epiclloyd that's right
epic Rap Battles of History and his own
channel not for the kids but not
family-friendly I'm by your side if the
grump your side buddy need to have some
funny side we just finished with Jane
how is our little tank my god she's so
awesome I loved her in the future
there's our superhero hekia coming down
the stairs to save the Arts of the
children you kidding me with a smile
like that I got two cat bugs a temporary
cat superhero from the streets yeah they
call me the crayon check it out I got
the art store we'll have a link to the
video when it goes up the leader alright
everybody thanks so much once again for
watching our videos it's like an
everyday thing right we're different
I know seriously Centauri get finished
reading that book you're gonna spanking
thanks for checking out today's video
you know the routine clickety clack on
any of those buttons you want to
clickety clack on how about yesterday's
vlog huh that was a real winner 20
minute ER and then please you guys check
out the new Weight Watchers video with
Charles Barkley me and Casey had a blast
shooting it right there click on it
share with any of your friends of sports
teams here's what we should do you guys
should try to send it to your sports
news casters on your local news we
should try to get a section of it on the
news that would be cool like on the
sports section or submit it to your
favorite sports blogs or just make out
that whatever you want to do okay see
you guys tomorrow
