hi I'm vlogging here dude are you
totally dancing oh you guys totally
missed it he puts his hat on got on the
table and dance put the hat back on put
that back on
dance dance dance dance dance dance Oh
looky jeez so cool I love you you're
adorable
Oh where'd you go ah what's in your
mouth did you get into my gum again hey
you you're dancing - yeah yeah crazy
table baby dancers crazy baby table
dancer whoa
I love my baby he's adorable right right
I know you guys agree with me he's
starting a new trend get your hats on
and we're doing the table baby dancing
wait no babe the baby table dancing what
whoa now he's running circles around the
hat yeah like okay now put on head then
right around hat you're like a little
abd baby huh but on my head
almost yeah third you want to wear it
now us oh okay fix it oh oh thank you
that's much better
good job what's that dance you're like a
monkey see it's baby vision so people
say instead of a television you just
have a baby you end up watching the baby
being so entertained
all time on all the time you saw him I
want my hat back okay
later dude bye bye see you later
oh hi bye bye oh gosh ah did you guys
see that yay did you totally plan that
it was smooth I think he's been
practicing you've been practicing
here I'll get it for you you go do it
again do it again oh well I didn't do
the same thing that's okay though we've
got a crazy day plan we're headed to the
beach for gages birthday party and then
we've got to get the house clean because
we're having guests come tomorrow anyway
it is beach day saturday beach day
Kasey's in-laws are in town and sort of
take him down show them the waves and
it's gages birthday hold this gage is he
for now he is four years old today four
years old I like your shirt bro Kasey's
rot in the shame era Thatcher let's go
see gauger rager where's the birthday
boy he's in there are you excited to go
to New York
what are you going I'm Tuesday excited
did you hear what I did what okay just
real birthday's on Wednesday and I'm
later on did you have worse tomorrow
we're gonna have a good birthday today
today's gonna be a sweet birthday let's
ask him if he's gage are you have a good
birthday today doesn't be the best
birthday ever
how old are you 4 years old all right
man let's go to the beach and hit some
huevos some huevos friend cool O's
rancheros first we got to pick up some
supplies and get some water and fruit
and snacks and stuff like that that
rocked heart will eventually grind into
a sandy mush in his mouth
chips you know a lot of times we like to
get goldfish they should just have like
a sand Edition goldfish variety for
babies so tell you what any food that he
eats on the beach is coated and I'm I
know that he just ingest someone I don't
know that hurts him or not well I know
he definitely needs sandpapering for the
NCI right Wow it's boisterous array of
colors and variety of cool Easter things
Casey's rocking his surfboard mommy tard
nice dude look this bull this is my new
surfboard that I just bought I'm excited
they're gonna know what hit him
are you gonna try to go out and surf
Casey whoa dude are you flexing or is
that just your surfboard arm oh man you
were rocking the ice app wrong look at
rock face he's in the trailer you're our
counterweight also there's about like 20
pounds of water in coconut water hanging
off the back of that so if he gets out
it seriously is about 30 and 30 that
coolers 30 pounds and he's about 30
pounds so if one of them gets off that
whole thing is gonna go down I got a
football and a soccer ball where's the
dude that's your chore get the football
too bro and then I'll carry this big
surfboard okay and you got that one oh
no I have to get this this is like
carrying this is our trailer this is
harder to get out there than this yeah
alright you know what's harder all you
men just your heart and your love that's
all that matters to me no better
connectors I wasn't trying to get
romantic and then I just came out stupid
I'm the dummy I thought it was really
right to the ocean Rock tard what did I
say bro I said you're the counterbalance
if you got out the whole thing's gonna
topple over he was tired of waiting so
he jumped out and then like I said my
science was correct I knew it was gonna
happen
that you love you okay ladies come here
tell me what we're about to do what's
going on here don't throw them yet we
gotta wait we're playing asperton game
are you gonna show me how to do it take
the end of it okay there we go
your princess art here's how you have to
do it you're grab the camera and we're
here thumb thumb okay see you got to
catch this you're ready Casey if this
hit your towel and you drop it then we
get one free water balloon throw to your
dome cover book ready guys okay watch
producer we're gonna throw it over there
- Casey gage look at their towel let's
show up the towel let's see the Batman
towel hold up a signal in the night
search the signal Gotham City is not
safe unless the tower is there okay here
we go ready ring start one the one two
three pop it you've got a run-up you
gotta hustle okay here's the next one
ready one two three pop there goes there
goes there goes nice here goes here goes
gauger
Oh dad son turn in his butt crack almost
like pull up them britches boy mommy
tart of course is applying seven gallons
of sunscreen to everybody the
responsible parent at all times
hold still it's like a drive-through
sunscreen you got rock-hard yeah how
many uh how many ounces does he have on
him Oh 70 he looks like he looks like
he's like all disoriented after his
sunscreen he's right on his head this is
crazy
I'll be crazy you need it too honey
ready I'm ready Spray me up
mommy towards my partner Oh for look for
eternity you guys on this side up okay
we got to get it right princess tired
and baby tired playing volleyball so we
needed access you had partners scenes
and partners
okay so throw it to baby tard and
princess card let's see it here they
come come on catch it girls get ready
catch it girls catch a gadget Oh baby
jarred you got a move that was a nice
hustle princess card baby tree I need to
see your feet moving dude up and down
you got to dive for those doubloon in
the air oh-ho gauge okay you guys ready
throwing baby tard count to three and
poppy you have to do it on the same time
hold onto the towel bro okay see if you
get it to Center here we go catch that
first yeah oh here it comes
run it didn't pop good job alright girls
let's see it count it you have to go one
two three on the same time and pop it
here I'll count for you ready you ready
here we go ready one two three
baby tired you gotta hold on bro squeeze
that towel man listen if I was jumping
off of a building and baby tard was one
of the firefighters holding that thing
you know they all hold so that you can
fall on land I would not want her on my
table oh my gosh y'all I got you I'm the
cameraman that oh that's a cool spot in
the sand though thank you that feels
very nice the other sand is hot all
right let's see another throw here let's
get some up-close action here comes
orange one
nice catch Kaylee dawn let's throw rock
tart in one of these rocks art get in
the towel we're going to Chuck you
across the line I'm making grapes dad oh
snap oh it just turned into a water
balloon Oh dad you're in the side mommy
turn get that balloon mommy hurt aah
mommy got hurt don't throw to me who are
you gonna go for hey get him tag him Go
Go I get the spinach get him get him
doesn't broke yet holy crap
get him in the head dude you got to get
him in the head oh here we go
Oh a nice try babe hi
oh they enter in the head dude I feel
like I'm in the war zone man they're
balloons flying everywhere
Oh Oh a nice okay you guys this is ours
everybody comment below who should we
hit who should we we think baby tard
she's an easy cross cross target hit
mark chauffeur kick CEO who just landed
one on his forehead Casey pear this
one's for you ready it's coming up here
we go Oh Oh mommy tart I just got one in
the back baby guard who's that one for
go get your brother go ahead son tard
who tagged centaur with that go get him
go get him okay okay cage Oh over there
crashing down well it's card son of a
monkey
how many friggin water balloons are
there all right we are on a little
Easter egg hunt now listen there's 72
eggs they're scattered throughout the
yard they could be anywhere and there's
two eggs that are golden eggs and if you
find those those are the extra precious
they have extra prizes in them
okay so there's two that are golden
they're hidden in the hardest place
where I personally hid them so you know
they're gonna be super hard to find
because when I hide eggs I do a
fantastic show go whoa the huius of the
clan gets the head start
gone gone Little Red Riding Hood run out
into the woods
yeah well I'll just be polite if this
one looks cute I'll keep that one for
later
okay what the wet else can I find it I'm
gonna get the most a guy
what I like blue what a coincidence I'll
take it with me that's all I need to
keep looking
he goes look all around they could be in
the trees hey man hey guys stress us
they don't put up much competition he
has a lot of plenty of time to find eggs
okay there's over 71 eggs literally
there's 72 eggs just over something yeah
go see Artie Oh straight to a little
hideout hmm whoa underneath there so
fast
seriously buy for the fence so you know
else Prince's tard maybe tried you just
walk right by one Prince already seen
any other ones do you guys remember
finding eggs
what are inside of them egg hunt and the
Easter egg hunt at the same time so our
Easter bats would be hidden in the yard
before we did it different every year
that's kind of how we've been doing in
our family son tard I'm gonna give you a
hint dude you're very warm to one of the
gold eggs they're very warm
princes heart could find it - what's
going on your oh we got an egg assist an
elevated egg assist come on you guys are
like if it was a bird if it was a golden
goose it would be pooping on Prince's
tards head gooses geeses I want golden
eggs for Easter what poop
I want a potty is right it can seriously
come out and spit on you ten thousand
tons of ice cream I don't get the things
I am Optum no there's a golden eggs it's
right in front of you guys how do you
guys not see it honey our children do
they need clothes oh snap right there oh
nice job dude
coming out with the golden egg and
dropping the cash what's in it cold hard
cash man cash talks the rest walks
there's one word it's hidden in a very
corner e spot oh I see one right now
this laser did a nice job princess tart
this is fun
who likes fine and Easter eggs there's
more Sun tard you see any over here nice
job on finding the golden egg did you
guys see it like way before I can't
believe it in C yeah we just
it was way easy to see it in the camera
yeah but they were just like stare right
out but not seeing it for some reason
it's cuz they're black in the baby uh
maybe tired dude you're getting some
eggs nice dude you having a good Easter
that's all that matters really all right
you guys are getting close to the other
gold egg next yeah I can see the gold
Princess hard come here dude you want me
yeah you better hurry or Sun tires gonna
find it princess Earth Sun turn round
I'm rigging the game is that how we do
in this family he just wants to know the
contents the rightful owner has for the
winged flesh it's too cool
always I don't get to go tonight out of
all the golden egg competitions here is
good thing there's more eggs
I can see one right now rocks are water
it's hot yeah hot you wanna see an egg
look princess art I'm standing next to
one
oh I see another one too let's perched
atop nice you got it oh I see one baby
tard if you were to go plug in something
where would you plug it in what if an
egg could be plugged in hurry run oh
whoa purple eggs are falling out of the
lot sockets what's the world comin to
exactly
that's a giant poop that's are up good
job did ok we're whittling down to where
it's like one of the last eggs and
nobody's found it come here you guys
come up on this porch and I'll give you
a hint there's one up here there's
another one up here
come here son tard look around oh my
gosh you get it
Centaurs utilizes a chair okay there
might be more out there I don't know it
is orange one just hi we should count
we should count how many you guys have
there 72 total yes everybody got a lot
looks like a fun time pink one that has
a little mini skateboard ditch ant oh
sweet
well what do I sing is that fun you guys
have a good time baby tar did you have a
good Easter you had a good Easter pretty
sorry what do you think you have a good
time Prince are you have fun she's
hustling okay let's come around him up
let's count them up let's see how much
you guys got mommy sees me sees him
everywhere where oh oh sent I heard you
do that as well yeah
producer go get it now our children are
gonna fall off the house trying to get
it oh there's little hand dude that's
how you get into like a different land
you just flip that light and then
there's like a portal that opens up
that's what happens
I know it's Ciroc try to open the portal
I need hard found her pot out here in
the bushes for some reason thinking of
Easter eggs
she found a pot alright well we hope you
guys had a great Easter we did and
that's it done either we're gonna paint
red paint Easter eggs oh there's so many
festivities there's a whole itinerary
actually the moment are emailed us last
night so we gotta go because I think
she's gonna have us running writing
seahorses down Easter land land it'll be
awesome it's gonna be great alright see
you guys tomorrow bye hey guys mommy
tart here there are so many links to
click on which one are you going to
click next oh my goodness there's so
many options well you could go for the
middle ones or you can see what we're
doing one two or even three years ago
and you could also go to the left and
then you would see our video from
yesterday or you can pick the other
video which is a shaycarl video special
because we have a special guest Charles
Barkley yeah seriously go click on that
one you got to watch it and always we
love you guys
thanks so much for watching you can
always come back and click on all the
other ones too he uh you'll always come
back for more you know you will right
