yeah
hold on we got a film it are often said
words in the shade heart households hold
on wait don't let them come in here
honey you can't go in our room maybe
it's okay everybody has problems let's
see it come on
Oh my hideousness clean there's room
woman sir your wife is a hoarder and you
need to admit it
Hey come here let's have a life
experience where'd she go
clear why is my closet giggling why is
my closet giggling oh I got a foot I
took this girl is attached to that foot
from my giggling closet okay gonna pull
it out dude it's gonna fall out it's
like barely hanging by a thread all
right we have another giggling closet oh
there's another foot here we go no but
your mom doing come out but you're the
beautifulness to me look don't freak out
it's about to follow let me let me
wiggle it I won't pull it out I promise
I promise I promise I promise I'm just
gonna wiggle it I promise I won't you
always do that and then you pour I won't
pull it up there's mostly like dude it
might as well come out it's like so
loose you owe me again give you a
knuckle sandwich
that's exactly what she needs a knuckle
sandwich violence is always the answer
I'll have enough SS Lee is prepared for
her knuckle sandwich whoa nice oh you
must be a stage performer must be an
actress oh wait she is pull out the
tooth come on that's why I turn the
camera on baby dad show but it's like my
one dear like that snaggletooth you want
me to pop that out here I can get out in
two seconds it won't hurt it'll be just
gun it'll gentle with and done and she
goes back into the cavernous closets
where 800 pounds of clothes exists don't
all right listen
easy let me see it let me pull it out
no don't you pull it out where are you
going oh the Casa del is gonna get
burned 'add no burn the gossan illa
pulling out bro pull it out do it you
can do it you can do it twist it you're
twisted it will happen no I was just
teasing I just cuz I I said that to you
guys I didn't want you to pull it out
too soon but now it is ready so you can
twist it you just gotta you gotta go
like one two three and just go hard like
just tight let me do it I promise it'll
be over and done with I like to do it
really fast can get you're going to go I
can do it really fast princess hard and
I won't even charge you dude it's free
of service I usually don't later it's a
lie look at him crawling in the
today but not right now
the dirty clothes these are all plain
don't judge us by our bed Mar mountains
clothes cuz I hurt because you just got
a Papa dude like just here do you want
me to do it oh let me do it do it who
knows what he is doing I see that I've
pulled out over 48 teeth of Sun tardes
so I am well-trained hey leader let your
father's trained hand detach the tooth
from your mouth my darling let your
father train fingers or do that polling
teeth from children's may says from okay
so so so listen listen let's have some
reason for a second let me just pull it
out have it be over with real fast
ready you got it you got it there is let
me see
she's got it daddy's train fingers has
the tooth another tooth again the bloody
mouth of a trained child must feel so
weird yeah she has like no front teeth
now I don't know I'm trying to be making
things up as I go honey
this isn't a scripted show come on it's
all I got to work with just whatever
comes out of my mouth let's eat it let's
see how old it at hey see ya man another
tooth what are you gonna get for that
175 bucks
100 I usually get $5 for every day snow
but you know gas prices are up and that
means tooth prices are down it's a
fluctuating economy all right you'll
probably get about 325 for that tooth is
about all yeah let me see your let me
see let me see look at me smile all I on
Christmas is right through front teeth
vampire she's a vampire all right
and that was pulling out the tooth of
Princess char thanks for joining us see
you next time when we live some more
real life right in front of your faces
oh yeah
and next time we'll pull out more teeth
you know what well that's what that's
when we're gonna stop the vlogs that's
what we should say honestly yeah when
all of our children lose their baby
teeth
that's them the vlogs are over so when
Rob cards last day two Falls a long time
but yeah the vlogs are then tomorrow is
it lucky I don't know okay this is a
good memory there's a good moment the
last time that we were right here I had
just finished 26.2 miles and the Los
Angeles marathon flickered a link to
watch it mommy card reminded me that she
said this is where daddy crossed the
finish line yeah
it felt so furnished thank you
this is uh this is a good place for
medicines right where I finished my
first marathon holy crap dude look at
all these bees are those bees do angles
are bees we should go we should run
there's bees of war that's scary
I know connect Harith on next marathon
I'm gonna run with my vCard yes we're
training you think nobody can do
don't pee on me be weird I feel like I'm
queen of the world yes
okay well
looking for Ali and Leah
there they are the infamous ala Maurice
tandra that's your new name Aly Maria
Sandra at you're a celebrity couple name
K he's ready to shoot this yes we
already is I'm excited to find out what
we're doing can you give me a hint
nope that would be cheating not even one
little hint it's gonna be awesome is
there any dancing involved there should
be so wait is so a centaur gonna follow
us or Cena follow different teams how do
you envision that happening we all got
to talk about stuff guys so you have to
check it out on the shaycarl channel
I've overshoot this right now but I
can't tell you anymore
that's it okay see you bye hey Here I am
we're Buca di Beppo here's me under
sound meatball jumping in the spaghetti
that's me see look I'm famous at the
place you were I'm the spaghetti man you
should tell everybody who walks by there
to subscribe to shake our okay that's
why you got to do from now on it's me
woo all right we can go eat now look at
this delicious
Captain Jack Sparrow those birds are
pretty cool huh you all wanna sit on you
put your arms that's what it is
you better put out your stripes centered
asked her where we find out about
Armageddon Oscar where we find out about
Armageddon look hit his pork fix this
lady's yelling on these kids
you better know all right it's time to
hush hush hush hush that's my favorite
time of the day time when we go to sleep
let's see you get some money tonight
hopefully fight for the Tooth Fairy with
you you gonna lose some teeth let me see
you just got all your tips yeah he's
ready to go sleep yes untargeted a heck
of a job today
go see in the game show I can't wait for
you guys I said he's a natural
what are you doing out of the bed get
out of there crazy monkey face I hear I
also cheat even though you can't see one
right here yeah thirteen two three
oh thanks you're making a killing on the
ivory tusks of nearly faced the I drew
tuxes of your face really breaking into
cash all right we're gonna say prayers
and go to bed everybody wave goodnight
okay so a baby a zero usually a kid has
20 or 22
Teemu adult yeah eyes about 30 or 31
okay that's weird cuz I've lost like 456
teeth yeah I've had a lot of teeth a
shark well yeah
sorry Josh shirt doesn't good
my my life she's cute anyways thank you
for joining us on another fun-filled
Shaytards day hope you guys enjoy the
vlogs I feel like it's a yeah I don't
know it's been about to get sentimental
on ya we've done it left that lately
with mouth but Oh talk about getting
sentimental just have your toe Oh pick
up pick him up I think he stubbed his
toe he was running out all right
well anyways I love you guys like we
always say this is the end slate it's
pretty self-explanatory you just gotta
do like the thing you do click on the
videos boobity do I do Denise you do
that enslave people like your voice
better I tell them Denise explain all
the in Slate in your voice that you do
the people like the soothing crap the
whatever okay Denise go bye see you
tomorrow okay guys I guess it's up to me
to explain what's on the end slate today
over on your left as usual we have
yesterday's vlog and guys I just wanted
to say be easy on rocked hard he's still
a little baby man I mean come on
sometimes babies get upset that's that's
what happens and don't we all get upset
don't we all get upset sometimes and
you're right is a new k to LED video and
she is looking gorgeous in it my
goodness doesn't she look gorgeous in
these videos and of course one two and
three is to see what Shaytards were
doing one year ago two years ago and
three years ago
be sure to check those videos out and
that is all for this ends late okie
dokie bye
