hi I'm lock-in here baby tarde have you
finished the last of the muddy buddies
yeah the evidence is on your face
everywhere and the fingerprints are
clean as day the cocaine powder has
obviously been touched by somebody and
they have the evidence all over their
hands
we call these muddy buddies what do you
guys call him some of you were calling
puppy food and other things is basically
you know the checks mix with the peanut
butter and the Chocolate and it's a dick
teen and she made oh is there vanilla
flavor I forgot she made that entire pan
last night and yeah it's all gone this
morning because of you miss hello kitty
face we got our two sleepers get two
sleepers on the couch they're
competitive sleeping on your marks get
set go
Oh winning Malakai you're cheating your
eyes are open you're not supposed to
open your eyes during the sleeping
contest I don't think he gets it anyways
they're sharing a blanket on the couch
like hell precious look everybody's
sleeping
you sleep in to face the rock face well
you guys are on spring break huh no
school today
high five we're gonna do he can't run
down to the beach and check out some of
the girls in bikinis on spring break
stop at house smek young man do not walk
on the sleeping people's heads
honey you know he's gonna do that he's
gonna be mr. head Walker yes he likes to
walk on people's heads while they're
sleeping he's a professional head Walker
while people sleep Malachi's laying on
the couch not gonna lie to you guys he's
not doing so good what go ahead and tell
him he's gonna die we're sad we don't
know we're taking him not we don't know
but let's just hope for sure thing yes
yeah well taking him to the vet today at
2:00 we'll talk about it later
all right well this is not an easy thing
to talk about obviously because we're
losing our friend I've been crying a lot
and not a lot but you know like gods
like harder than I thought it was gonna
be say do you know you know what's gonna
come dogs can't live forever suck man
it's like losing a kid me and Colette
were hugging him and just kissing him
and kind of saying goodbye and crying I
said how are we gonna do this if I want
to work we lost more kids you know ah
but uh he just he's old man he's almost
nine years old Leo b9 in a two and a
half months his birthday is June 14th
he's just short of being a nine-year-old
Great Dane and he's been healthy his
entire life he's you know all rules nine
years he's been strong and healthy and
you've never had to like I mean take him
to the vet for checkups and his shots
but he has led a long strong good life
and it's been a good boy he's our first
kid I always say that you know he's we
had him before we had any of our kids so
he's been around it's been around for a
while yeah sad mood I'm tough on not he
just won't eat that's his problem he
just lays there that's all he wants to
do is just lay down and he'll get up
intermittently to go outside and drink
water and I've been trying to feed him
Casey got him to eat some steak last
night and we fed him some jerky but this
morning he just won't eat anything
anything he normally would like you know
anything he would normally just eat
right away you know he won't eat he just
smells it and it's just like uh he just
seems like his breathing is labored and
he's just getting skinny as heck he's
always been skinny his whole life so
we're gonna take him to the vet at two
and see what they say but her buddy our
buddy Malachi might be headed onto their
side
just just hard yeah duh yeah anyway so
we'll talk more about it later I just
wanted keep you guys informed it's been
you know the last couple PI last 48
hours he's been like this but I don't
want to like jump to conclusions and
freak all you guys out keep him in your
thoughts he's a good boy it's a good dog
Malachi let's come in here I see how
Malachi is doing hi Kai Kai have you you
feeling any better
he still hasn't eaten much he did drink
some more water but he's not eating so
we're gonna take him to the doctor today
we made an appointment so we'll be
taking him to the doctor to see if
there's anything that we can do for him
to make him a little happier we love him
guys given Malachi some pets so here we
are we're in the doctors to see if
Malachi's got a cold knee he's got a
cold maybe because he's got some boogers
got some boogers coming out he's just
chilling out he hits the Hulk outs to
himself everybody else has to sit on
this head rock card included even though
he's sleeping a sleeping baby at a sick
puppy
Malachi's getting lots of hugs from the
baby baby Mallika's using lots of hugs
from his baby baby Mallika's give to us
from this day
yeah the guys getting lots of which on
the baby love to come the baby the baby
son tired on percussion man that was
that was you did bounce it out I was a
hot beat Oh watch out my uncle Steven a
sneeze bro yeah no I guess I stopped
singing
alright so we just talked to the nurse
and we've mal Kyle had a good life you
guys he is a good boy
so Malachi has a cool new wristband he
has an IV that's gonna give him some
medicine to help him go to sleep and
you're telling the kids that mom had an
IV just like that he cut my Kofi good
boy good boy
and said our good-byes we said our
goodbyes Melk hi and we just this is a
hard part it's part of life though and
we wanted to share a little of this with
you guys
Tarn we're gonna miss him and we're just
gonna remember all the good things the
fun times all the funny things he did
alright anyways obviously were this is a
very sad government I know sorry to ruin
remember all the good times we brought
into your lives alright make ease cry
today anyways he's just gonna keep
suffering cuz he's old and his legs were
he can't walk anymore and it's been a
couple days now and he won't
yeah so they said you know our options
are to either you know he's gonna have
to go basically into intensive care
right now and get IVs and fluids and you
know they have to run a bunch of tests
on him but at the end of the day he's
still a nine-year-old Great Dane and for
him to even be alive this long is
impressive that he's such an old dog
who's huge I mean look at this couch you
know three adults could sit on this
couch I wish you guys can honey gotta
sneeze he's got a cold poor guy too
I've never seen him has boogers come out
of his nose he's never had boogers like
that
now I wish you guys could have met him
alright let's go Pete so we're just
talking about all of our favorite
memories of Malachi me and mommy talking
about how he used to get out of the
house and we'd chase him around I
remember driving out of the van and just
seeing him like going through the alley
he'd be like a bolt on black and you
know this is how it always fight Malachi
in the neighborhood by the looks on
people's faces because you would you
literally drive through the neighborhood
and you if you drove past a group of
people and you and they're all like
moving their heads around like and you
were like looking at you always knew
like you hit that ways I'm like did you
see a big yeah huge black dog yeah
that's ours yeah he was gold knowing
he's so big yeah we know so that's how
I'd always find it was just by driving
by and a couple of times to me I would
see him but he'd be like way over the
way it started like milk and he would
text me he'd look down the street look
at me again
and it was all tea house to Castle here
to runoff
house only is that chasing his
girlfriend's home buddy what are your so
share with us your favorite Malachi
memories I love seeing him sitting down
on couches I'm gonna include a bunch of
pictures in this video when my favorite
pictures of him is in the back of my old
blue truck with these three we princess
hearts I'm tired a baby tard whiny tard
wasn't there yet hey guys
we just want to let you know that we
lost our friend today and the Malachi is
he's moved on we took him to the vet and
she looked at him and just decided that
it could be a number of things he could
have cancer he could have heart disease
and he's an old dog she was impressed by
you know how long he's lived for a Great
Dane that's a long time to live they
usually say 7 to 10 years maybe yeah
it's about their life expenses and he
was a big boy he was a hundred and
twenty hundred thirty pounds I mean he
was a he was three feet tall at his
shoulders and he was a big dog and big
dogs usually don't live as long and it
sucks the dogs died what they do and he
was our dog
we're gonna miss him and we're just
gonna remember all the fun times we had
together he was such a good boy taught
us so much about patience and meekness
and humility and just he was so big and
daunting but he is too big gentle giant
it was a gentle giant he would never
hurt anybody you know I just so many
times having people see him out in
public and fit and see the fear on their
eyes being afraid of him because he was
so big but he was so loving and just so
gentle and let our kids climb on him and
let me throw him around and scare him
and he was just such a good dog such a
good soul it was a good opportunity to
know him and to to have Malachi be part
of our lives it's it's bigger than just
a dog he is huge in our relationship we
had him before we had any of our kids
you know he was our he was our test kid
you know and he helped us raiser he did
we learned a lot from him you know just
before even a bar before any of our real
children can he is our rule it's hard to
know what to say you guys we're we're
okay you know we've the kids are okay
the kids are taking it better than we
are actually we're crying more than they
are but they're they're strong I think
they're they care more for us we were in
the vet yesterday and we wanted them to
be there for the the doctors asked us if
we wanted the kids to leave but we said
no we want them to understand this and
we want them done when I explain it to
them and baby tarred and rocked our
didn't totally understand it I think
print is hard and Sun tarred grass but
yeah but um we thank you guys especially
for all your comments and it's just hard
and what and we'll always remember him
remember the the pictures and the good
times and all the videos and we
appreciate your montages that you guys
have made and thank you so much hug your
dogs today and it really makes you
grateful for the relationships that you
do have that you're you're glad to have
those people that matter in your life so
go give that person a hug today whether
it's your dog your mom your dad your
brother anybody anybody that you think
that you know
mean something to you tell him because
trust me time runs out alright we'll see
you guys tomorrow
thank you for being part of this for
every this thing we call life and this
is part of it and we wanted to share it
with you guys so thanks for your support
and for just being here for us and for
our family and for our dog bless Malachi
is a good boy alright see you guys
tomorrow
thanks you guys ask about Malachi his
name is spelled mal a CH I like in the
Bible the last book in the Old Testament
is where I got the name you're the son
blue vase is one by one all the day
watching you Father gave on a spa you
he's a Great Dane gonna pet him I knew
okay yeah it's cool Thank You Murr go
say hi to that dude that guy sat him cuz
they get a smile
hey Malloy come here pop okay can
everybody
oh oh what do you want I'm taking my boy
enough like I do every course you're
worthy you're worth a baggie you the son
in blue facings one by one we wanna
thank you
sexual book usual our ears our jungle
puppy no matter the situation hot this
head of a breakin static in all the
station lack conversation will again
come faces pop one thank you
cuz you're the end to a bad day for grip
oh it's better for juice he's my baby
he's actually our first son we had him
we had him before hit any of our kids
