she already has one Rock tard
she already has one you need to give
somebody else to drink now honey do you
see what he's doing he's giving
everybody drinks now watch he's going to
get another one he brought me this he
said he said dad and then he brought me
this and then he brought Melissa hers
and then he brought her a water okay
let's see
Rach tired yet another one such a
gentleman
actually he'd get well he gave me mine
first but he knows who's in charge so
okay who's next Charles thank you thanks
bro
okay ask ask what everybody wants go
beer the fridge okay I got grape drink
SunnyD water co kind of kid what you
guys want anything
let's check him out hey hey okay who's
that one for who's that one we've taught
him well mister hospitality give it to
him
oh he just shop sit on the ground he
likes he likes a big brother better okay
dude can you carry more than one at a
time I think convenience work smarter
not harder
here use your blanket bro throw a bunch
on your blanket use it like a knapsack
what are you doing
so this is our fridge that we have a
playlist it's full of crappy food
leftovers we did buy some fruit for the
mornings PB and J's and this is not a
beer or a heinie
I'll get another one how many drinks has
he gotten now Justin you're double
fisting it bro you're double fisting it
with it's Sunday night yeah let's double
visit h2o baby all right here comes the
next water
who's the lucky contestant now let's see
baby tah
dude are you dehydrated cuz babies can
sense that you know what they're like oh
and your peasy oh you're dehydrated no
babies no they they come and tell you
there you go off to get the next one
alright let's go see what's going on in
crazy land hey hey what's happening
what's happening what is doing you guys
are talking in Spanish you were doing
British accents earlier yes alright you
forget what you guys doing just chilling
out in here yeah coming fun
hey I just realized something it's why I
haven't shown myself yet I I don't
know if I can I don't think I can yet
though but I can't wait till Wednesday
it'll be up till tomorrow I think I'll
just show it should I just show it now
this yeah I'm not gonna show them I
can't I will just have to leave it up to
them sorry you guys I can't show you
myself right now
maybe that say I'm not gonna because
everything to go back and look in their
reflections that often like there's
mirrors everywhere but caker alright so
we're just hanging out these guys are
about to head home from playlist live do
we have a blast sad it's fun playlist
live is over you guys can spend the
night all right we'll see you guys
tomorrow I'm really not gonna show you
myself right now I know you want to see
me but you can't because we have a
secret plan your neck where's the baby
toes oh can you do a British accent son
Todd all of England is shaking their
head right now I guarantee ya we're just
practicing alright let's let's uh
Baronessa back ok see you guys tomorrow
bye
