hi I'm login here I don't know this guy
randomly came up and started massaging
my husband should I be creeped out I'm
not sure anyways I should I yes I don't
think I like that guy I'm sorry my Betty
there's a weird
should I be pregnant a heavy grandma
listen leave me and Hans alone okay we
will yes we're at the marathon Expo and
it's crazy I'm glad that it's not
pouring rain at the moment I'm here at
the Hard Rock Cafe here for the farm
float dinner the marathon card
fortunately and retard is loving his
giant touchscreen hi oh never mind he's
tired of it already feels like I'm gonna
go walk the streets again and find all
the stars if I'm novice guys right like
that you guys I just met Deena Kaster at
the Hard Rock Cafe she's an Olympic
athlete with a medal and all she's a
long-distance runner that was a
professional and famous in the
professional running industry and I just
met a knitter and I got a picture of her
on my phone I told her this is my very
first marathon when I was around a lot
more and that someday I'd show her this
picture and say remember my first
marathon no I do remember what she told
you
she said get some rest I'm touching me
and she said you're gonna be addicted
she said yeah you'll be addicted to it
she could say he'll be addicted which is
troops I'm already like I can just it's
like yeah it's like the legs are itchy
like sorry Johnny yeah ankle actually
runs today I was really nervous about
that remember my ankle injury that I had
a while ago while I go remember when
Wally I wanna go Wally injured my ankle
but I feel like it's just the weather
why does it do that the pressure her
side but my ankle hurts today not like
it's like I sprained it but it's like a
what do you think it just wants to get
moving did you have it ran honestly like
it feels like if I ran on it it would
feel better rain does that do that to
you yeah but there is sneeze or real why
is that why is that a pressure pressure
the pressure and it puts pressure on
your joints hopefully it goes away
tomorrow
I'm sure yeah you'll be fine rocked are
just gonna beat boxy a little pre-race
music there you want to vlog this is a
beatboxing tutorial by retard hey what
are you doing you're such a good mode of
transportation
you don't have a stroller
that'll do you but good dad oh yeah
attention if you get good at it you can
you know you can learn how to leverage
like you know you just basically it's
kind of comfortable to you just put your
hands right harder just have like this
you too baby
wait we ain't got none of that TV crap
we are you two part of Shay's marathon
training jogging the children yeah it's
all yeah there's one thing I've learned
about Shay and the almost 10 years that
we've been married is that he's a fast
Walker I'm not a fast Walker he's a fast
walk so I'm always behind him yeah I'm a
fast Walker right cuz I walked every day
for two years in the Caribbean it's true
get places that was my major form of
transportation as a Mormon missionary I
ran like two pair of Doc Martens from
like this thick to like down to a Doug
cuz be really every single day all right
miles and miles and miles
you always know when shaking moving
shaking them over that honey don't run
for cover when I don't don't run for
cover with that stung come this is this
is our theme song for tonight because
Shea is going to be running in the rain
tomorrow morning it's just very ironic
and a little bit funny that the worst
day of the year in weather happens to
fall on the LA Marathon day go figure
so I'm here just listening to my music
it's actually really late 11:05 I really
should be in bed because I have to wake
up and be ready by five o'clock because
we're going to all carpool to the race
get Shay already well like we're going
to have to get them ready anyways we're
going to be there for the start of the
race and I asked the kids I said okay
kids we can either you can come with us
at 5 a.m. in the morning or you can wait
here with down and she'll bring you when
it's closer to finish and you can be
there at the finish line for dad what
would you rather do and they're all like
hang out with Dana they were not all
keen on waking up way early hence they
will not be at the starting of the race
which I'm kind of glad because they'd
all be just crying and whining and tired
but they will be at the finish of the
race this is why I'm still up because I
am making puffed I'd run shy run and we
love you Shane I'm making bright yellow
posters so that you'll be able to see us
whenever we have we have certain
different crews set up different people
at different stations and then he'll be
able to see us so they can come get his
coconut water and so that we can
continue to do the iPhone vlogs along
the way you log on the phone and then
we'll pass it off and somebody will
upload it for him so that he can keep
running and keep you guys with the
process so I'm going to go to bed now
okay wait I forgot to say I am so proud
of Shay I've been anxious all day and
today was kind of a little bit stressful
for me I was trying to not show it so
that Shay could relax but I'm sure that
he had nerves like crazy nerves as well
but I know that once he sets foot on the
starting line and he starts that race he
is going to be just
heaven Oh maybe until my like 15 or 20
oh I love you Shay congratulations that
you're running your race and that you've
made it this far to running a marathon
and good luck and I love you
so all right you guys marathon day it is
officially 5:15 and we are on the road
rayray are you so excited to be here at
5:15 in the morning you're so adorable
Danny you're a champion we love you yes
go oh I wanna sleep but go say all right
here we go let's rock and roll
all right guys here we are I put my
pants on I'm gonna keep these tights on
that way I'll just like house right
there when I'm ready I understand what
you want to do so I know exactly I don't
really know what early six miles Cooper
yeah if you poop your pants I've come
some of my feelings oh my oh I got
a tweet my first morning picture I
haven't tweeted yet I told everybody I'd
tweet when I got out you are forgiven
this is exciting you Gigi I have been
awake since I yes all night I've been
like I know I couldn't oh you did sleep
you'll sleep really good tonight for us
today
yeah I will soon be out like a light it
I'll be out like a marathoner yeah you
will
marathon jokes hey thanks can have am I
make my pre-race breakfast almond crunch
something crap on calories get going
okay so where's your hair and makeup I
forgot to bring her makeup today watch
her
I'll do your ear there's one thing I'm
worried about is it my ring is like oh
just give it to me please
no gonna wear on my middle I want to
wear it actually and why are my middle
hundred doesn't man don't love you any
last time that means that fall we need
to go sighs it yeah isn't that funny
that just I couldn't wear this is that
weird a few months ago I couldn't wear
this
too small for me and I actually have a
larger one that I bought you and Bobby a
big one because it would not fit on my
finger now fits on this finger
we got the whole crew good morning
there's no you're gonna be on camera at
5:00 a.m. hey what are you doing baby I
don't want to be stealth right now
seriously stop it
Kaylie good morning how are your kids
this morning they were fine this morning
they were a little emotional oh I felt
so bad back to sleep they had to wake up
the kids to break into our house before
5:00 a.m. sorry gage really I love you
thank you for being such good work
we're trying to decide on the socks last
yeah cuz didn't they tell you you're not
supposed to ever like new ones yeah
these ones plus it's time you guys I
know you were all worried about my
nipples so many of us in the bathroom I
need somebody to grease my nipples as I
run boom
HBM Aisle seven that's my job I'm gonna
run by Mike honey I'm ready I'm just
getting this stuff another fundraiser
Doug yeah yeah cowboy you have a racer
it looks okay let's go
I know that sounds like right let's go
all right Jay 170 6.8 it's over 100
pounds
I'll bet y'all lose 10 pounds during the
straights of water just water way I'm
peeing and sweating already
oh okay oh no you guys are here at the
race and it's so beautiful
Suns coming up over the hills and
there's actually mountains in LA check
it out those are mountains so hey what
they're about to about to shoot a gun
off or something yeah yeah because in
seconds they have to start gonna see the
first dude that's why we're supposed to
be hurrying faster to get here they
start off like in different legs like
this dart VM the professional Spurs yeah
now the professionals go Harris
well they do always like the hand cranks
in the wheelchair that's right I start
and then the women start and then be
elite well not them I don't know there's
like different groups that start okay
okay let's go this is the most
porta-potties I've ever seen in one play
starts here mmm mmm of all the boom
those are all porta-potties they're
lined up on the other side of the
parking lot as well when you're doing a
marathon you got to drink and eat a lot
before so everybody has you know cool
burning right lots of poop in a pan
sorry did I just say that I'm gross
well cut to the next part start Wow
there's the Sun coming up I don't know
if you guys can hear but they're singing
not the star-spangled banner' but
another American song side
it's cool I'm excited I'm nervous Oh
beautiful
let's play off this is it
the sun is shining on you today my love
seven nation of rock my own I have never
been more excited about moving other
than our marriage and the birth of our
four children yeah I'm gonna say good
recur see your thing you added other
than the man are loving your lake is how
the best thing I've ever done I've never
been more excited
well I'm such a little I love you that's
so excited we did
the wrong spot just being your start of
the LA Marathon it's everywhere
littering there's some runners I wonder
chase already passes on or not
okay guys we are headed to mile 11 we
all have different designated spots
where we're going to be stopping and
handing shade like waters and stuff I
think that this helicopter is probably
following elite runners I think that's
how they way but they got the elite
runners go first if people that are
actually competing and then everybody
that's running for recreation or goes
into second
meanwhile 11 to meet up with Shay and
I'm just so so happy right now
he did it he's been saying I'm around
America
worked and worked and worked if he's
finally here and that's California's
beard here's the procession for the
elite runners - amazing so I guess they
let the women start and then the men go
after so those are the elite runners of
the women they are amazing I'm not going
to do that someday but I'm proud of you
ladies look I'm sure it's being frothy
and we love being cross but we're in
Hollywood and it's not crowded this is
amazing we're awaiting Shay's arrival at
Mile 11 we just found out on the LA
Marathon tracker that he just passed
mile 5 it means he's an eight point
three five pace per mile which I'm
really excited that's good but I'm
nervous - I don't want him to lose all
of his energy in the beginning I'd
rather him like kind of let off in the
beginning and then use it at the end if
he has it he's doing awesome and I'm
really excited for him he's never run
the full marathon like practicing he's
only done about 20 miles I think 19 20
miles I'm excited I'm nervous
ha-hey some of the elite runners we are
definitely
elite we just look like they're trucking
right along you dick check out these
signs there's all behind you hurry don't
stop people are watching I love it how
many people are you rooting for
it was amazing - you guys I'm like look
at these guys they're just trucking
along
I know they make it look easy definitely
is not KC is the little what it what
would you call yourself a roadie girl
he's got all the goods so that I can
film I don't know what you want he said
to bring um like mangoes and those shot
blocks and orange slices I don't know
which one he's gonna want to grab can't
have him all not like we're having a
buffet down to Ceylon and set up she's
like in the Alps very mysterious
okay I'm sorry I didn't get the camera
out soon enough but there was a guy
running with a broomstick between his
legs like a witch I don't know if he's
going the whole 26 miles like that but
it was definitely weird so awesome hey I
don't know what they're supposed to be
but they're something you just have a 10
so it'll be about like a miniature
submarine Richard do I really have to
ask that I love your Lana in case you've
already KC is so sweet he took off his
shirt so that shaking like this sweat oh
oh I'm excited for your son
it's okay mi cyant red I know oh dear I
guess there's a whole group of students
that recognize che and they're they're
running with him so this is exciting
there's like a whole team is anybody
else gonna cry right now trying to hold
it it's not even the finish line it's my
11 come on we can do this so amazing I'm
so amazed really made the holy fire
focus on that's right there I can make
you want to run one yeah
I can't even run it for three minutes
we're both gonna have to work on that
Haley oh I'll train with you cuz I'm not
gonna oh my gosh I see oh this is the
longest nine minutes of my life for a
minute
today's the big weigh-in and I know I'm
doing good like numbers starting not to
matter to me as much before not knowing
that I'm not here I couldn't see perhaps
oh okay love you I love you
very odd
autonomous entity on mile mark 17 and
unless he's hastened his pace of it I
don't think that we've missed it so good
legs
stuff time persistence desire hard work
all those little cliches that you always
hear guess what those cliches are
cliches for a reason
actually work yeah just that never quit
in mentality you just keep working hard
over time really does exist everything
looks burning like a camp I love you we
barely barely made it here in time to
see him hit 17 so he's kidding oh really
Sam bolas he's hitting a really good
pace now it's on to the finish line oh
my heart is with him right now
we were just learned that he passed the
20-mile mark I like 15 minutes ago or
something Danna supposedly is bringing
the kids like Thank You Nana hopefully
she finds parking in time that we can
get the kids here so that they can be
here he's running faster than I thought
he would he's gonna be is for our mark I
think I'm so proud of it give all the
streets blocked off so I'm rushing to
the finish line I hope you don't miss it
I kind of got separated from Casey
there's to the group so I hope they're
all there this is crazy here guys this
is a first hoping I can find actually
see the finish line the finish
I'd open us though the first opening I
like them everything like barricaded off
there's just people everywhere so crazy
I don't know where anybody else is so
I'm no longer here but I'm not gonna let
for him
other 94 of you completed good job you
guys ready so quiet over here a yellow
one this is the very end of the finish
line they have they have a big stretch
where it's all blocked off often where
they get to cool down and have food and
water and medical attention to stuff and
then they can come out here where we do
right now but it's so crowded with
little people here good job just like
j-turns I've got you guys I'm so amazed
to all these people
everybody's looking for their friends
and family and it's really crowded
everybody's really quiet
it's kind of weird why are we all so
quiet I didn't do much now everybody's
looking at me you guys are all amazing
so amazing all of you so weird anyways
it's so quiet
I need you guys did such a good job I
like you all it's awesome
good job
do you know
Oh
Oh
Thanks my favorite quote is by Tony
Robbins Anthony Robins Robins bad habit
lets me uh he said change happens when
the pain of stayin the same is greater
than the pain of change which means it
is more painful for me to stay how I am
is not being able to sleep very well not
being able to run around and play with
my kids without getting winded fooling
like crap that having my pants be tight
going out in public and feel like I'm
five people looking at me that pain is
greater than the pain of exercising and
eating healthy and not being able to
have your coca-cola classic it's painful
not to be able to drink my coat but it's
not as painful as feeling like crap I
definitely want to lose weight but more
than anything I want to feel good I used
to be a vibration young man who can jump
and flip and punch and kick and swim and
do all kinds of stuff and now I can
upload videos to YouTube and that's
about all I can do that's I could push
buttons with these fingers there's so I
want to feel better I want to be able to
surf jump on a surfboard and drop into a
skateboard ramp and go ski in and you
know whatever so I want to lose weight
sure but I want to feel a lot better
um and it's gonna be hard it's gonna
it's definitely gonna be hard yeah it's
gonna be bad
and you're gonna sit
gonna be stronger and braver
I'm gonna make it cuz I said
do all the things
- never could they
gonna make my way back this is it man
all those talks all those times where
I'm like I'm gonna lose weight I did it
I finally did it
