no sorry what you wake up first thing in
the morning you gotta answer emails do
an important business Thanks we do like
you're here are you excited for today
look you got a corn and a frog so cool
crazy Friday so what are you what are
you today rose bell sounds gross I'm not
car look his little feet all right you
get your emails answer I'm gonna take
the kids to school okay good thanks hon
bye bye bye see you later bye bye the
baby I don't I go shake come fill me and
roxrite those j.j it's like I have a
little predicament cuz I found something
fun to do but I can't hold the camera
and do it at the same time so I've told
Chael he needs to come be my tripod you
need to copy our tripod are you thinking
you could be a shirtless tripod ride of
my night what just shirtless tripods of
yours
he's shirtless because he dumped his
cereal all over the place understand I
don't throw it everywhere
hey you ready here tripod yes you guys
are blowing bubbles baby turns still
playing with the magic I've got the
magic in me
I got magic go because bubbles rock
tired you don't want to play with the
bubbles anymore they're not that cool
they're just little balls of soap
bubbles you want hold the camera okay
here it comes here boom you guys
remember when I showed you the new maker
offices and I said oh we're gonna build
all these out to soundstages and
everything that's what's going on right
here
Mellon here brings back so many memories
of my construction days of working as a
granite do you guys have heard all these
stories I ever told you about this story
when I was a boy scout and I went to
this old folks home and it's lady
television Odie I forgot that I've told
that story like eight times thanks for
letting me know in the comments that I
have told that story many times I'm
having reminiscing thoughts and again as
I see all the Constructors make a kitty
what's going on right here at maker
studios what a dream all right you guys
so here we are here's all the shirts if
you guys haven't got online right now at
the rodeo arcade the Shaytards shirts
the three-year anniversary there's a
limited we got some bigger sizes so the
four X's and three X's large is small
whose are these this is
raywilliamjohnson this he has these face
melter shirts
what are these with the cat and the
equals three check these guys out if you
haven't seen go to Rodeo arcade com all
of maker studios all the talent like all
of our shirts are gonna be on there and
right here in the offices is where we
I'm out so we ship him out right here
when we get your orders so we can get
him to be as fast as possible so get
online check it out get your cell phone
right now rodeo comm hey yo we need to
have like a rodeo arcade like maybe like
a dude's it's gonna be filming my show
on Wednesday and I was maybe that was
the wrong way this right here man this
is what brings back the memories the
table saw the chop saw the smell of the
sawdust yeah it feels good to be in a
shop again when I very first started in
my business Rock Tops
I was the name of my very first business
rock tops countertops me and the sky and
him handy it's my good buddy he did the
counter or he did cabinets and I did the
countertops and we started our business
our very first business in a little shop
just like that in his garage and I
remember cuz we'd be out there like
building the countertops where we build
the cabinets and we start playing xbox
and his wife would come out and yell at
us like you guys need to get back to
work exciting stuff going on here at the
mocker studios I was Denise she's the
new editor of the vlogs and we were
noticing in the comments yesterday how
you guys don't like when I sit in the
truck I saw the comments like I don't
like when she's in the truck bomb so if
click here metaphor to skip to where the
family is you know I want to give you
guys what you want of mostly the kids
and stuff hopefully you liked when I
talked to you to pick up my mom we're
gonna play some trick I think me in case
you're gonna play some trick on my mom
at the airport we got to think of
something we want to do a hidden camera
like when we go up and steal her purse
or something so we're going to the
airport to get my mommy
so pretty these are made these are rare
so let's see that's the joy about
clip-on earrings I love that they're
like emeralds I'm getting a makeover
oh it's beautiful
can you tell us what you're doing baby
charge it's a blast cuts it into
breaking oh are you blending just been
using the word blending a lot can you
tell us what you're doing as you're
doing it kind of like the makeup
tutorials to do very lovely Julie I
guess always I - I guess all those
makeup tutorials are paying off I think
they are we could start another channel
baby trying to make up tutorials I'm
sort of explaining in great detail what
she was doing juicing I'm putting it on
your eyelid now I'm blending I love you
guys this is the fun times in life right
Tacy just your mommy arrived if we don't
see our mother she said in her text at
least we didn't frickin wreck my mom
hates airplanes and was probably
stressing out the whole time so let's
gonna we're gonna try to sneak up on her
and city and still her purse or trigger
somehow we had a joke Josh or somehow be
right here at gymnastics and the kids
are really excited because grandma's
coming into town it is excited oh no I
bet it's not time good night
it's chairs naptime hey guess who daddy
just picked up at the airport
are you excited she's really excited to
see you too you guys are wha you guys
Rock turns out a giant drew slash spray
plush something
his forehead today another adventure of
rock crush on your booth right there oh
man oh man weird thing is it doesn't
seem to face him like it never does he
never notices when he has a giant bump
on his head I don't know if that's good
or bad is it good yeah is it bad see you
later mom going to plate the stairs
again hi mom
meet your purse airport's mom just just
asking us if we'll get sick and tired to
come into the airport because we do
travel to the port quite often I got my
own seat that flight was not full and I
pulled this thing down so I couldn't see
I hate landing I don't mind taking off
so are you by the way though yeah did
you see what what did the weather look
like was a totally sunny and did you see
the storm in Salt Lake it was cloudy Ben
we got above it and it was sunny and
then coming in LA you couldn't get above
the clouds so yeah there's a huge storm
front apparently it's gonna be one of
the biggest winter storm seasons of the
year right on the weekend of my marathon
it's supposed to really hit tomorrow
Saturday and then Sunday there'll be
some like leftovers hopefully it will
just be flat we'll get some umbrellas
and trash a run the whole marathon
holding an umbrella relax
they look skinny they don't get them
started professional marathon Ironman
are you waiting for Grandma we're all
getting ready because grandma is coming
Jay just picture it from the airport and
we're excited surprise you're just
amazing an amazing cake are my guys okay
we're in whoa
close up extreme close up we're in
position sunrise right here I'm gonna be
right here as well with the camera then
the girls are over there behind the bar
wait flower girls
okay now we're just going to wait are
you writing about time you just going to
wait who wants to see grandma MA now you
like oh I recognize that voice you're
excited now that is Oh grumbling you can
buy one who I love is all God Oh take me
away from this magic feast
who doesn't love grandmas oh okay he'll
always like hugging oh I love Malachi is
a graceful piece of a dog look what I
can do grandma pop up on this okay I'm
gonna get up here and then watch me jump
I can jump off this with you he's got
some powerful little legs Rhys jumps up
side come on ace
oh you want some are you selling
lemonade already made myself good real
strawberries and real lemons wow that is
really I just put gum in you know how
that is it's a little sugar taster I
know it's in our room I'll show you
actually whoa baby
mommy turned said we might not be able
to leave it here because she said at
night when we're cuddling and sleeping
here and having those cuddling moments
we might not like you mouth staring at
us what are you excited about your okay
guys so tomorrow's the big marathon and
we'll all be out there supporting him
well I'll be all alone in my room
managing the shayloss uploads but
supporting him them less and by the way
thank you guys for all the nice comments
welcoming me to the Shaytards channel
okay that's all for the sense8 we'll see
you tomorrow at the marathon bye
