oh say
tah-dah
it's Monday what does that mean I'm you
know it's monkeys I'm pressed out for
like dr. our parents say but I think you
were right today it looked a lot colder
outside and now I'm like oh it is it's
nice and warm cozy
I think I'm opposite if my feet are
called then the rest of me is cold what
are we gonna be podcasting out there
today babe oh I don't know cast out
there Chris this is not a sponsored
you're not sponsored right Jessica she
just carries a box of one with her
whatever see you miss big old fat che
bear like that I want to throw you I
want to throw you into the big day
tomorrow
I know I hey guys brette here I just
want to let you know that I have a
special gift to give to Shea and I
haven't given it to him yet so I'm going
to go give it to him now but it all
started a couple weeks ago when I got a
package so check it out all right guys
if you can keep a secret I got something
in the mail and it's for Cher
this is birthday's coming up and I just
got a little something special remember
the Disney vlog where someone liked a
certain poster well I got the poster and
we're framing it we're in a frame store
so I was looking all over at all these
different frames and I think we chose
what this rim it's like that but that
color it's gonna be a nice cherry wood I
think and it's gonna go well with the
Mickey Mouse with what doesn't know what
he's talking about anyway Shea you're
gonna love it I know it because you
already said you love it in a blog cuz
I'm your editor and friend so I know
best
right yay
oh boy okay so to me this frame and then
this man yeah and it looks pretty
similar actually like this better to
tell you the truth all right so the
frame store called and it's ready let's
go pick it up that's it yeah nice me
open it up yeah I want to see with the
side I don't have it I'm gonna unwrap it
before you do Shea I can take this one
off second work here I'll just take I'm
fit
oh it's so pretty it's a black poster
now whoo I like that a lot
Wow it's really nice it did come on nice
do you like it yeah it's really nice
yeah very cool awesome all right I'll
take it
do you think I like it I think he's
gonna love it so here it is here's the
package I'm gonna just write to it
hopefully it doesn't leak through
Touche love bread oh look at that
child's hand read anyone's just
beautiful smartness
yeah Oh Touche love bread do you think I
like it I really like Sharpie so I made
it extra so it's really good okay so
Brett has gotten me a birthday present I
already know what it is they saw such a
good they do there oh it is I think
you've seen it before once once or twice
before you don't you have seen before
that time hey you see this picture in
here I want to steal it for a wall it's
so it's like big I want that we could
buy what do they have those that's like
a like a vintage though all right oh so
I've seen this before if I may mention
it any time in my life I'm like oh I
like that or something mmm I want to try
to guess before I know because you know
what it is I'm gonna do as much fun this
is
yeah
totally where did you get this well I
found a poster online but I just got it
framed yeah no way I saw this and that
was like one of the most magical
Disneyland experiences we'd ever had and
I thought this is a really cool thing I
would love that as a poster Brett made a
mental note obviously and he got us this
that is so cool how much was it
reception impolite questions by Shane I
love you five figures I asked this is
what I saw it's kind of like a vintage
poster I thought oh maybe it's like
really expensive
it does look vintage I cried because it
yak an old vintage like when I saw it in
that hotel framing is the hardest part
if you spent over 100 bucks in you know
it's good thank you
that is swagger Shh arts is the happiest
place on earth - just like Disneyland
hasslein I'm happy to be a part of it
dude we're gonna hang this up a kid
really love this yeah what about here
where the smear is we replace Jesus with
a female beverage you're running this
somewhere in here Oh any more wall space
thank you thank you here oh I have that
hanging festive might look funny on the
others is gonna bang heads go bad
yeah I got all the frames like this is
cool there's like cherry wood and
there's darkroom I just want to like
make it very similar it looks good no
it's awesome perf and my gift to you is
also more footage with vlog so I'm going
to
smells so good you thought I'm gone
forever bye so everybody knows Bret's
leaving no they don't no actually they
don't so Brett is gonna be on national
television on MVP on a show all escape
routes and I'm meeting with my friend
Ross against five other teams and we're
the only youtubers so that's team
YouTube so you gotta watch it that helps
Oh bread click the link below escape
Roscommon join my team because everyone
else is like they're attractive and
they're physically fit and oh that's not
yours either of you funny
no the shame concepts of support my dude
you are handsome and fit this guy I can
box your face in the truck I've been
boxing you that you've had a trainer I
have a boxer there's kind of Wilson it's
a lot on the show so you guys go support
Brett go join his team go check out the
link below he's a man TV long using like
phones are gonna continue I wouldn't go
get the vlogs would have stops most
blogs who edit down is gonna edit yeah
it's our podcast she's going to add the
blogs now Brett strangers so that's true
also I'll still be available I think
I'll be able to tweet and blog wall and
on it too so I'm excited dude we mail
watching hey there she is miss gorgeous
face what's that the Big Mama pants on
why are those your Big Mama pants hey
son tard
what are you doing broseph how's your
girl bike uh-huh
you are leading the way cuz you know
where we're going
your ponytail looks beautiful did I just
say that I just I love you for your
having your hair long you've been
married
toh easy to mid cheesy take me out
problem I think most wives after having
four kids the luxury of having short
hair would be tempting to cut their hair
but I appreciate your efforts and stayin
beautiful why have you kept along have
you done that kept along for me or
because you want along it's like it's
hard to
your hair is the woman because you feel
like a piece of music on all right it's
tempting because it would be a lot
easier but because you like it it does
help me want to keep it nonetheless
another one of the West standing what
ever you look beautiful alright we're
gonna go to the park got these hoodlums
back here we're gonna go play some
soccer mom tard runnin these two are
riding and these two are biking and I'm
I'm the mule
I'm the mule that pulls all the luggage
I got the basketball in the waters and
the babies hush hush it's all I'm good
for is mush and it's staring at that hot
young to ski up there he heads up no
getting a record yeah follows under he
knows where he's going he's in charge of
this he's the Lewis and Clark of this
expedition
keep it up long talk keep it up it's
chocolate it's chocolate it's a filthy
dirty River it's chocolate there's only
was ease head only only that you know
where the churns it's chocolate
waterfall is actually mixing the
chocolate turning the chocolate to
disgusting dirty you guys ready your hat
looks good he'll Matt all right let's go
mush on my Jean yellow shirt are you two
behaving back there rock hard baby hard
you being good all right want to play
soccer oh and we're running I must say
this is fairly exhilarating I remember
these cracks when I began to start
running when I first started doing
shayloss this was the route I used to
always come on when I very first started
jogging I would use this route because
it was close to home and it was easy
because this nice big sidewalk and if I
got you know really tired I felt like I
could just you know kind of go down the
block and be okay and so I remember
naming like all these cracks because
they all have these big cracks princess
card here to start you remember naming
these cracks remember we named these
cracks what are that what are their
names
and she pretty
so some of you probably have your own
little route just like right around your
house that you're used to like every
little notch in the sidewalk every
little tree every little curb and thing
so this is ours this is my name is Bea
Haven she threw it in the back you cold
all right daddy and the two girls okay
gets mommy and the Duke boys come on I
can feel me and like this and we're
playing with the flat basketballs
yes everybody all right I'm not filming
anymore too hard to play in film the
same time was that your evil strategy
yes get me to film just for the record I
scored the first goal so yeah okay oh
not you good job
scored hey Rob Chuck you made the
cheerleader okay he's like nope I'm out
here I'm playing I'm playing get the
ball up Todd all right come on rocky
rock my job any belonging rocked hard
he's looking at the pool the long since
been empty huh I don't know what I'm
talking about but it's empty
Oh someday you'll be full of beautiful
teeth water
everybody kibosh yeah doctor is filling
own way of saying mom dad I think I'm
ready to be in gymnastics on my own show
oh I think he's also ready to be a
stylist Stefan red shoes blue pants
yellow shirt I like it's that I want it
mom it's adorable
hey where you going he's just
discovering the world all right
later dude go discover or discover
something good are you guys doing are
you going night-night tonight I guess
we'll see you later don't worry no
that's a bad example no no no no serious
let's go find daddy daddy oh okay
you just destroyed you I'm sorry okay
gymnastics today you have fun yeah
did you learn anything no yeah what'd
you learn
look at me and tell me you did I'm proud
of you
you don't know what about cookies but
you learned it looking at perfectly with
our face bacon picture Oh mommy let's
find it really good what you guys are
you excited once I get going Davy tired
search nostrils are gigantic that's
funny
Sirach tired let's see your face you
won't put it down far enough to do it ok
you fell me yes what is this
maybe it's just broken so how did you do
it um well I don't know fit well we're
supposed to do crazy things good yeah
dad we're going to do some easy stuff
like that
your belly's not in no pointed toes and
it's supposed to be like this you're
just
oh yeah point does nice like your belly
is gay ring hey legs ok let's go come on
it where you're up turn let's go come on
let's go hold on the camera so people
can see your face like this
okay I saved you guys from the rock face
elbow away oh hi hi
turn your head by heist oh it's just me
at the house and I'm taking care of
myself through the Arts is having fun
but one is three I'm gonna take a break
give up
so by lay by whoo-ha thank you baby turn
that was lovely
anyway so yeah that's just a great
product review of the new iPod shuffle
so make sure to check out yesterday's
vlog and also the new shayloss about
Shana's marathon and of course you heard
the news I am going away for a little
while but not forever and our good
friend Denise will be editing I've
trained her well and that's it so make
sure you come on support me please I'm
gonna be on NBC and like television all
by myself and I won't have any friends
from YouTube so you should be coming my
friend and then we'll be friends forever
BFFs okay I might get res like right
alright so make sure to check out a vlog
from exactly a year ago press one
exactly two years ago press two exactly
three Golu and if you're Spanish uno dos
tres alright see you learn something
today
alright I'll text you later I'll text
you alright I don't okay this is getting
creepy I love you all and I guess I'll
just see on the flip side
cool alright leave a comment below and
hi Shay by Shay hi shadart buncha guards
bye
