hi I'm login here okay you guys today's
the day the shake up ha whoa baby with
an iPad away now do not drop it hey
where's daddy
right there hey are you teaching us
something are you teaching us how to use
the keyboard I'd say I Hall - I hope -
oh this is a key oh hey quit sending
emails dad's got that covered
okay he doesn't need another assistant
thank you thank you yeah give that back
okay somebody's mad at me cuz it took it
away and then I gave him a streamer
instead I know it's not the same with an
iPad but it kind of Heine closed
scissors yeah oh hey guys we are
decorating for Shay for him to do home
dad yay I'm so excited the older kids
did that did that all that before they
left for school today and then we're
gonna decorate while they're gone
because he gets home like right about
the same time they get out of school so
I'm really excited you like the light ha
ha yeah I do that it's a little half
done but it's fun it's just colorful
that's all we care about and then that
I'm not the best at it but that's okay
then we have some blue tea and I'm let
me show you let me show you let me show
ya and then we wrap all these presents
as you can go probably fabric so close
but yeah gonna be fun oh then I got some
sunglass thing
I mean it will be a joyous time what are
you doing
that is not safe it is not safe for you
to play on the stove I don't know what
else to do
I've explained it to you that I'm sorry
I'm such a letdown what was that
hey didn't you say when he first saw you
he was like good if you thought it was
daddy what's daddy twice no every time I
come in the door
Tate and I walk in he's like oh oh it's
so sad because he'll go in our bedroom
and he'll go on to Shay side of the bed
and he'll be like deck deck deck just
looking for him he misses him so much
daddy will be home soon no huh yeah hey
rob tardik look she is so busy he's like
we got scissors we're playing on the
stove supply with the iPad hey mom hey
scissors are not a plaything
let me give you a screamer at work last
time do you want a power drill instead
thanks Dave that's really helped I wish
you good vitamins but I ended up with a
drill I'm not sure how I ended up there
just kind of like migrated there I do
that too it must be there like roughness
on the face today
yes I found something to distract you
with look oh what's that you like that
here what time go ahead pick it up with
your little hands Oh see he is just like
his mommy and daddy he loved the water
melons rawhide you got a balloon yay who
loves his balloon so cute just to watch
him
hey rock guard here get this one
get that one he is gonna be so worn out
by no time I am so excited
No okay good job good job the flutes are
easy to catch don't pop it in your face
oh hi guys
we're here at the photo shoot this is
Sarah my producer I love her to death I
love you oh I really do you thank you
you're sweet
I'm having one of those meltdown days
like nothing worse I don't look good bah
bah bah but hey I'm a woman I think all
women do it right I'm sorry guys I'll
try not to stress out okay so we are
here having nice photo shoots so fun
Shay's on his way back from the year
herb from the airport Shay's on his way
back from New York and he will be here
soon I'm really excited
anyways I gotta go hey you guys go
behind the scenes this is our dressing
room I won't feel me taking your clothes
off look at all of this clothes
everywhere we got a clothing rack over
here we've got a line of shoes oh yeah
Jewelry is like a woman's dress up
paradise it's so much so anyway middle
I'm gonna go change into my next outfit
ah hi guys so what do you think oh it's
really yellow huh it's different than
what I usually wear but that's the idea
right that's the idea what you guys
think I love it I know everyone's
wearing my bracelet I know
don't funny was like oh it's very busy
our hair spray is wearing a brace
welcome welcome I don't amazing Colette
it's beautiful isn't it of course all
right that was a weird angle your guy
threw my arm you look at my arm
yeah beautiful Shanker this is Sarah my
producer I don't know if you guys know
Shaytards sure and this is max she's
really styling us today
please feel amazing I'll let us know how
we look all right you guys we have a
couple sunglass options that I have to
show you these coolest sunglasses have
are this one
oh I love those I haven't seen hearts
ever insurgents the Lighting's really
bad I don't think we did a face at all I
don't know
you see no changing light okay there we
go oh I like those silly good minor
hurts too I love it and then I have to
show you these these are so crazy cool I
just like bounce off your chest
it was equity my fat belly you better
look like boy I didn't have any idea
you're right I love Carly okay these are
the glasses look they have chains so
weird huh I like the white one so I
wouldn't look really good okay so cute
I'm mugging you taking a picture been
bugging you I think these are cool all
right we're back in Los Angeles
California I excited Kacey Butler to be
back here we didn't film I didn't film
any of the flight back from New York
because really it's just boring fly back
and you've seen it all before except for
I did forget that I wanted to go into
the bathrooms and put quarters and all
the ashtrays so that you guys whenever
you go on an airplane can go in the
bathroom and look I'm gonna start doing
that they probably never could you know
yeah I bet you'll start looking at
ashtrays and all the airplane bathrooms
so right now we're going to a shoot the
girls are having for the moms view we
told me come by and say what's up ladies
go make out for a second let's go hello
my hair is blowing in the wind and
blowing away I am so tired today I have
not gotten more than five hours of sleep
since I've been back and not because I
have anything exceptionally interesting
that I need to do it's just taking care
of the kids and hanging out with Callie
but I don't sleep very much oh wow
whatever I'll get over it yeah we're out
here at the Santa Monica
and we're going to do Ron's on the loose
shoots mom's on the loose if you don't
know what the moms on the loose are you
need to go check us out we're on their
mounts of you I don't know why I keep
doing like Paxson's lately that's why
you think I feel like I just need to be
somebody else
like to talk like this little bit like
tits up like that you know whatever it's
awful I'm an idiot I love it I love
bacon idiot okay anyway Oh where's the
crew oh they're there
I'm just walking away they're like Kalia
what do you do it that's really all I
have to say to you guys I am at this
point in time holding the camera out in
front of my face with nothing to say has
that ever happened to me a lot but I'm
just going to keep talking until Brett
cuts the footage right are you going to
cut anytime soon because I'm still
talking this is ridiculous hey guys
we're just here is the beach never gone
they have not cannot be strolling you're
not holding hands
like Red Rover Red Rover Red Rover send
over you and plays a great school I
hated that game because I always I was
like one of the smallest we've always
pick me I would be like I'm ready to
collect she's so smug and retro exactly
like you're gonna get run over sorry who
and I would all the point where I would
just let go cuz it hurts so bad
elbow elbow like this yeah and then get
close and then they would like try to
jump but you only be on that gate that
came from
getting hurt because of I would get hurt
if I held really tight like that then I
would date or I just knock me over I
seriously got hurt so many times playing
that game oh I always hated playing that
game because it was like no they're
gonna come through me anyways we talked
about Red Rover long enough right and
also Red Rover Red Rover since Shay
right over okay it's a surprise party in
doubt what is gonna come and I'm just
gonna go do something
can I wait what is it that's right
what's a surprise for him dad who's dad
me are you playing me okay so have to
wait out here
yeah for how long fridge rule will be
like for a few in about three hours
three hots I want to comment okay I'll
wait out here
alright everybody I'm waiting outside of
my house apparently they have a surprise
for me and I'm not allowed to see it yet
okay ready coming I can come in okay
here I come
surprise happy birthday daddy
from us to you that is so nice
all right any card of what he got a
little bed there she said look it's
orange red yellow dude nice air mattress
yeah the balloon air mattress drugs in
48 different colors and options so these
guys decorated for me for my birthday
because I've been gone for like nine
days you believe I've been gone so long
it was to Florida then to New York then
back to Florida then back up to New York
and then finally home anyways these guys
are the best
it passed her birthday when I was my
birthday yeah and then I was in Florida
on my birthday anyways this is very nice
thank you baby thar did you decorate all
this was this all your idea
no nice bracelet mom I scrape papers she
did it less her heart she's the best mom
I got presents with the balloons right
end yeah this looks great too I love it
looks like I have some presents here I
got some presents over there - I'm
excited about hey my shaycarl shoe
finally arrived that is my size and then
my Volcom shaycarl hat finally arrived
and then all these presents what did I
get what did you get me huh tell me tell
me I want to know what I get for a
brother you walked all night or suffer
the consequences so more laconic whiter
young lady you are physical that's it
just let me know is that mystical just
go ahead let me know if it is fun like a
verbal sign communicative
explorative a sentence just let me know
that - oh yeah okay okay I didn't know
thank you
hey your hair's getting long dude you're
not so much a baby tars anymore are you
doing the natural elements of the world
brought us back friends
what are you doing you look like it's
really with you it's really cool guys
not gonna lie we don't lie about stuff
like that
I don't cases Kali's anymore thanks
mortgage yes Cal is my sister
he's like why are you anything gammer on
me she's like pretty sure guys it's game
and Cayley had the best robot dance on
shake round birthday video my favorites
the sound effects Omega suit kazoo
really is this weekend there were these
guys that were really doing robot and
they were like really sounded like them
and it was like they were like I love
you know why you acted up good show you
guys
do a tutorial a robot being all ready to
interview these fine people talking
about pet peeves today means I do I have
a cup
sometimes I don't think it only happens
while Majella mr. best day I log in you
hey you guys it is the end of another
busy busy day and almost the end of a
crazy two weeks yeah this is what my
house looks like right now it's birthday
time like my song look at the stairs I
love what the kids did streamers coming
down winds going up shake him home today
it was really exciting to have him here
I was actually gone for a bomb's view
photo shoot so I didn't get to see him
be surprised by all of this um the kids
and Cecily helped to decorate it all
it's really been crazy it's been a good
crazy and all good things that I can't
be even I can't begin to express how
grateful I am for all the opportunities
that we have and all the things that
we're doing sometimes it's hard not to
get overwhelmed though I've been really
overwhelmed the past few days just
feeling tired and you know bogged down
with all of the things that I need to
get done I need to get done and at the
end of the day I end up looking at my
list and there's like half of it is
still not done and those kind of things
really frustrate me I think part of this
journey of life is learning how to go
through it not needing to have
everything be perfect I was thinking
about that today as I was looking at my
mirror and my room was a mess and I was
rushing to get ready because I was
trying to clean this part of the house
before Shay got home and naturally
everything just piles into my room
anyways and I looked at the mirror and
there was fingerprints all over the
mirror and I just thought you know what
I don't wanna get emotional these are
the days these are the days to remember
because my kids are growing up and yeah
the house is crazy and there's
decorations everywhere and I got
fingerprints on all my windows if you
can't see them and all the mirrors and
it's a crazy mess all the time but I'm
gonna look back on these days
I'm gonna miss it I'm gonna want them to
come over and make messes for me that
sounds really funny oh it's all about
perspective right busy busy busy
stressed stressed stressed I'm not
getting stuff done I'm not getting stuff
done I just need to sit back and look at
the list and go Hey look I got half of
my list done and my kids are in bed and
they're happy not all the more healthy
princess chard is feeling a little sick
tonight but in general they're usually
pretty healthy and healthy I think we
all just need rest
Shay came home he was really happy to be
home and immediately he fell right
asleep on the couch he didn't even mean
to be laid down by rock chart and he was
asleep so he needs to get some rest too
I need to get some rest
I'm rambling I'm rambling you guys need
to tell me when I start rambling I'm
sorry
anyways I love you guys so much thank
you for this life thank you
and I love Shay I'm so happy so I will
see you guys next time
you are now watching the Shaytards vlog
just sit back relax follow along to his
cheesy wife all right guys
hi do you want to hear more of his
cheesy wife I'm here Here I am huh so I
asked baby turn if she wanted to be in
the insight with me and she said no I
want to eat cake and I decided that
should be my answer for pretty much
everything so but instead of eating cake
you should go watch yesterday's vlog
you'll see somebody special in it can
you see who it is or the podcast or one
two or three you can find out what we
were doing a year ago two years ago and
three years ago baby chard you could
watch yourself grow up you might even
see the first vlog where you started
sucking your thumb okay you're three oh
you're not
she's four guys okay time to go bye
