okay so speaking of starting big
projects with this giant power tool that
we have them what do they gab
so for Brock's birthday this is the
location of a future gigantic slip and
slide login here
cool dude
not get in Wow look up here your smell
that hooded holy crap that Steen smoke
Wow
oh they're making a new road you smell
that you see how they build roads now
put that oil down then drop a bunch of
this gravel build yourself a road yeah
it stinks stinks oil and then the gravel
smashes into the boy I think another can
check it out guys look at this yellow
plane doing it's a crop duster we're
coming right at him
it's gonna pop up here any second oh
maybe he just landed there he is right
there that airplane Wow cool he's really
spinning around he's following us go
Clyde Rock is that plane following us oh
no whoa he's right there
wow he's - I frickin turned off there he
has areas watch to go right in front of
us go go go go catch him catch him baby
yeah yeah here he goes
do that's cool
he loves his life I'm jealous I wanna do
that cool
why don't you laughing yes Brian see the
stuff that comes out see him spraying
he's crying the crew that's awesome
you're on you know I was recently
watching Romo Network vlogs generally
your hat and your glasses are crooked
right now and what I want to have this
show well okay so if that's what's
coming across I was going for okay good
any news the ones it's um no Roman
always starts his vlogs like so like
welcome to the vlogs and the last two
days I'm like hey alright are you ready
Kevin it's a soccer field update what's
going on with a sock Rafael well grass
is growing so sometimes it takes a while
for the grass to grow and there's an old
saying that there's nothing boring or I
say that we're more boring than watching
grass grow happened under your arm Gavin
well yes in parts of the day we went on
a big dirt bike ride which we didn't
film any of because we didn't want to
have to carry a camera because we wanted
to we suck I'm sorry
with someone else anyways I crashed how
how many times you crash wait how many
times six six screaming crash that
minute did you I thought it was four
maybe five well you're saying sin major
ones maybe like two or three major I saw
the one of these interns are a couple
ones where I just tipped over show that
photo che look there's photos oh I have
photos see proof we had a good time we
rode all kinds of things I think we had
seven vehicles between the little
motorcycle this mule riding this thing
but today we're knees it for work
yesterday we used it for leisure we
didn't film any of that because we were
leisure eeen but today we're using it
for work you guys can watch that alright
Gavin tell what we're doing and explain
your house situation to
out of a feeling fertilizer grass and
the other for a while so learn this hat
smart sun protection all right I bought
this stuff last year haven't used it the
grass guy was just here said that it'd
be a great time to put some fertilizer
down so that's we're doing alright let's
go load it up get to work boys
can you pick that thing up oh wow
they're heavy that heavy let's see if
gauge to pick one up gage is a strong
kid
yeah put in the back of the mule oh nice
dude can you get it got a boy kid gage
there you go gab yeah throw in the back
help help your cousin there these are
heavy
that was good gage you picked it up man
I'm impressed
all right farmhand grab the other two
two more that we're headed down to the
soccer field to do a little fertilizing
this will be our tool of choice right
here but put the fertilizer in this
separated a padieu but to do and then we
bred bruiser renze will show you we get
out in there can you help your cousin
teamwork good good teamwork look at
those muscles throw in the back of the
mule you guys can get it they're too
short they won't be able to get it I
think those bags are 40 maybe 50 pounds
is it leakin oh snap let Gavin throw it
in there real quick guys not a boy that
kid can work tell you okay grab this
spreader Gavin way I'm holding the
camera I can't I'm also doing the
monologue and over here and that
requires a lot of talent here we go wow
I got quite the helping hands today yeah
he's ready three we got four bags of
fertilizer cowboy
we got a soccer field snake in my boot
and there's by golly a snake in his
boots I'm in my shoes we got some work
to do you guys ready do my shoes all
right Rock you wanna start it
twist it there we go did you want to do
it okay turn it off do it you know twist
it hard you have to have strong muscles
no right here look right here this thing
grab that and twist really hard you have
to twist really hard as hard as you can
see it's hard you're not old enough yet
oh my gosh okay well that's okay we'll
work on it we'll practice okay game
chiming
it's a soccer field hey where you guys
gonna turn Oh gross
giant popular giant booger ler like hold
up fatherhood tips what are you gonna do
when your cute adorable little
two-year-old pulls out a booger the size
of a crescent wrench what do you what
are you gonna do there
I don't know right let's go fertilize
this yeah yeah okay you guys here's the
moment you've all been waiting for
I know you've been asking for it
everybody wants to know what's up with a
soccer field you ready to see what it
looks like Tom didn't see this thing all
right so the grass is growing kind of
it's looking good it's looking good it
could be thicker it's kind of thin but
it's slowly coming in we're gonna put
this fertilizer on it right now and
that's gonna help it a ton if you're
just joining us last summer I decided
that it might be a good idea to get my
new skid steer and start digging a
soccer field for my 11 year old son well
it turned into a bigger project than I
thought it was but it's starting to look
pretty good it's not looking too bad all
right so we're gonna get this spreader
out and then it's gonna be off to work
we go we should have run a knife to cut
those bags open gage can you bite those
open the bags of fertilizer can you buy
them open
kidding do not use your deed don't touch
it ooh
no don't that's guys it's kind of
poisonous I think don't ask why is it
poisonous it burns my eyes it's like
chlorine it's good for the plants don't
get it all over your hands don't put it
in your mouth okay guys
Oh who has a knife Gavin look at you mr.
prepared dude this kids a farm boy well
this would have been a great opportunity
huh
Gavin was prepared okay let's get this
spreader over here and get that stuff in
there all right
see what the girls are doing they're
cleaning up the corner a little bit guys
cleaning up the corner a little bit Oh
Artu brushing the can with the
toothbrush 3 we have this um this is
actually super cute but I'm gonna
sacrifice it um I use it to like this
was my junkyard so just brush it all off
and oh I called from the trash magic big
pile we keep our little brushes in the
sand okay prisoner killed in cheating
area is over there were still playing
mm-hmm Elizabeth under Judy's that I can
you know be more sure like take them out
of the box I can run around cuz they
sometimes just get out on their watch
and look good so that's our athletic
time of the day hi watch this wow that
would bit me what it says look I love
this little orange head right here now
just one is really only Billy Bob Oh No
can I rename it get this one Oh Billy
Bob watch it watch it
it's Otis it can climb out why Otis okay
see you as a special this is just like
oh do this laughs no actually that is
Otis is Garfield
Hey look is so good look at me I wanna
see Garfield there's carpet always
sleeping don't wake him up doing Oh
cute love it we have a kiddy farm now
covered at the cows and now we just have
cats yay are you eating pizza yo pizza
messy summer boy he's a mess it's summer
we'll bathroom later because if I gave
him a bath now he would just end up
looking this exact same way in a couple
hours so yeah summertime and I decided
to change my project to the laundry room
finally got all these clothes put away
that have been hanging there for a while
a lot of projects summertime projects
I love summertime though I love it when
my kids don't have to go to school I
love when they're just home either just
hang out and play or I could put them to
work
oh yes kids you got to work you did
someone's not just a free-for-all yes
we're gonna get this to comfort okay so
we're getting the fertilizer house all
ready to go and getting it set up
yeah I'm so pumped that we had this yeah
like I bought this last year because I
was gonna fertilize our yard and then
our grass guy just came to spray the
soccer field he's like if you had some
fertilizer this would be a great time to
put it on there and I was like you know
what I have four giant bags of it and a
brand new spreader that I didn't ever
use last year boom Shakalaka we're ready
to go all right I can feel the motion
kissing OH does it need the fertilizer
yeah I may be right we just had to get
it all set up
oh yeah fertilizer poor shot get it gab
oh my it looks like looks like an white
sand beach and slinky white all right
tails do this though as the dad I get
transfers okay so let's get my dad
privileged here oh here we go we're
spraying it now you don't want to glob
it in one place people hey you want to
try to get an even spread here love it
in one place you're likely to burn your
grass okay let's get that fertilizer
even spread try to keep your chest up an
even pace watch I wonder how much more
bags he's gonna do I know
want to keep it in like the best spot
this is Tina
I got to keep the water on it all right
come back later guys when we're almost
done spread it generously this is where
you're gonna learn your sweet moves
watch out Messier I'm having one of
those moments one of those like this is
so cool like I can't believe my son is
so grown-up I can't believe that we're
gonna have a soccer field it's a cool
moment there you go dude good job
get this thing fertilized in no time
little man's climbing the hill you
having fun
where's your fuse they're at home see I
don't need shoes
I'm a baby from the earth I'm an earth
child hey Jackson
can I ask you one question look at me
you having a good time
filling hayfever out here it's good hey
fever out here all right
Gavin's working are you working - what
are you doing are you on weed Patrol you
got to pull some of those weeds Leah get
the mower out here all right he's got
about half of it done how many uh for
tonight so you have left I'm gonna
spread far yeah not even use all four
bags all right
keep going and tired no shut up get out
there work I got that out I mean that's
what my mom would tell me you're not
tired you know you know what woody we'll
listen here I'm kinda tired so what
I'm still not - all right so I've taken
the fertilizer from Gavin now that I've
done a few passes I can feel the burn
it's really tiring in your arms pushing
this thing it's bouncing all around you
gotta try to keep it steady really
engages your core also I was nervous
thinking what if this fertilisers
expired it's a year old and now that
I've done almost 70% of the brass I'm
like hopefully there's not something
about like expired fertilizer well then
turn everything into fire or something
you know we'll play this work nice job a
boy Hey Dude are you ma'am look there's
my toes you and the step and strap what
do you think about doc he hair do you
think it's time to cut it no I kind of
think it is I don't know because it's
almost going on nothing you can type it
behind his ears and then it won't be in
his eyes I love it long because I feel
like once you cut it that means he's all
grown up and right now he looks like a
little surfer dude but I hate that he
has to pull it out of his eyes cuz I
don't want to put it in a bonito I don't
know who cares really it's just hair
okay Jackson has been farming to me
he needs Batman on this Cup whoo guys I
didn't help me okay is that what you
want
don't Batman on your cup see he's like a
mop head are you a mop head
your mop head no like laughing your food
whatever look I'm gonna do Batman let's
see if I can do Batman um I usually do
it oh shoot I gotta get a better marker
okay I found one this one's a little bit
better
really be your shirt okay let's try it
I'm doing this cuz I oh oh this would be
a lot better if I wasn't holding the
camera there Jackson come here okay what
do you think do you like that Batman
blue do you like it you could at least
tell me yes mom I like it do you like
the Batman yeah kids you don't realize
the struggle and I go through to make
Batman's for them whatever anyways let
me show you what I'm doing next
alright so finally got this front room
sort of clean it was my laundry room for
a little last night a lot of laundry
okay next I want to take these when I'm
up there I have some guitar hooks so
that we can hang them on the wall so
that like not only reminds me that I
need to play my guitar but it's easily
accessible and it's a nice decoration
what do you think I'm thinking I'll put
a larger guitar here and then the two
uke's here or maybe just two larger
guitars and then put the uke's on stands
I don't know still working on it but
that's my next project
you guys ready alright alright alright
we're trying to zoom in on a good cousin
deed here okay just trying to carry
Daxton let's see what happens
no shoes Daxton trying to go
get them on your shoulders I think you
can do you want to run over there like a
cowboy help him he goes mr. tough big
brother he's a good boy it'll help get
that kid up the hill he needs it
what's the climb up by himself I guess
you make it Dax Ted Thank You Gavin he
acts tough but he needs his brothers big
needs his big brothers help those good
boys so first Tony went over there um he
didn't want help cuz he want to act like
a superhero but then he got to the point
where he couldn't come on Zach
Gavin can you help me did he all right
good boy you're a good brother how many
five thinks all right well we're almost
done we got a one more bucket of this
we've basically got the whole thing it's
looking no different yeah sometimes
looking good but you cannot see any
difference but hopefully we have some
nutrient shift within the soil that will
encourage strong healthy bladed grass
with few noxious weeds as possible
a perfect turf for kicking the pelota
into the go now as a future goal that
you scored bro Congrats
okay so speaking of starting big
projects with this giant power tool that
we have them what do they have
so for Brock's birthday we're gonna make
a big slip and slide Danny it's looking
good
Timmy's giving the thumbs-up okay look
at this guys this is the location of a
future gigantic slip and slide it's
gonna be fun we're gonna have probably
like a little how deep do you think the
pond and puddle is going to be at the
other end Daniel any ideas on that do
you think we'll be getting off on that
much speed yeah I'll be surprised if you
get enough speed to go shooting off the
other side things gonna be blinding do
we gotta go get some boogie boards some
boogie boards all right guys so the idea
is Danny's flattening out and smoothing
out the hill and then it's kind of hard
to see but down there right under the
bottom that's going to be a big pool
area where you're going to kind of like
hit the water and hopefully not shoot
overawed into the goalie on the other
side but we'll just see how fast we get
going it's gonna be fun all right Danny
sorry to interrupt your work process
keep it up dog
all right there he goes you got to push
it down hill I'm trying to get all the
bumps out of the ground we want it to be
really flat you know so that we're not
like jarring ourselves so Danny is the
master with the skid steer
he's digging it out right now yeah you
just wait till you see this slip and
slide video it's gonna be so cool coming
Monday on the shaycarl Channel yeah
Brock's 6th birthday is coming and so we
decided to make a giant slip and slide
and we're thought let's make a big video
out of this so we're inviting all of our
friends and family over of course
tomorrow and we're gonna use the slip
and slide to celebrate Brock's birthday
so check out a video of that on Monday
on the shaycarl channel it's gonna be
amazing and I'm sure we'll have a lot of
vlog footage from it too ok so have a
great weekend guys love you see you on
Monday give me kiss bye
