you are not watching the Shaytards blog
just sit back relax
shake shake does
because
for two years
ready
good morning everybody we are in New
York City we're gonna go to the Natural
History what is it Clifford Natural
History Museum pretty both seats big
dinosaurs later we might go hang out
with old Honest Abe the longest day of
just up here telling truths and these
guys are about to no no they're going to
war good day sir thank you the musket
men excellent let's get picture with Abe
honest a Jackson with us he's grown up
here his entire life so he like knows
everybody here knows everybody right I
just got an email that I need to tell
you guys about three years of shade
hearts every single day for three years
here's we're gonna do we have a three
year anniversary Shaytards shirt that is
available right now but there's only a
limited supply we are literally gonna
sell one shirt per day of lost somebody
how many 1,055 how many three years 365
times three bleep years right so it's
like 1056 then do you beat like charles
and the like cause you have a few days
like who's the world there's I don't
know who the world record holder is to
be honest I probably miss like four or
five days through the whole process
Charles hasn't missed a day I've done it
for hit like a month longer than he has
yours your your vlogs are longer
sometimes so then but I mean if you add
it all up the minutes I don't anyway
check out the new Shaytards shirt
three-year anniversary and listen when I
tell you there's a limited supply we are
only gonna sell 17,000 96 whatever the
number is three years times 365 plus
leap year day an extra day so you guys
can get them at Rodeo arcade calm it's a
new website that we have all of our
merch on links below
rodeo arcade calm and we actually have
some new cool
anyway so you're not gonna get wonderful
it was really really gross there's
something mystical and mysterious in our
subway never mind
think what's good I mean just the
progression of men to build these giant
tunnels under the ground like we're some
sort of furniture for traveling through
the underground system and then there's
a train up above us think about just the
development of mankind
you know I in the next hundred years
we've already developed I see how long
it took to build this infrastructure to
take how much human can grow
the next 50 years well this is already
done this is all the simple stuff
now it's all like technology and create
technology you know the sialic all of
our labor
my basic needs are met with all this
infrastructure so you got is that you're
vlogging support arm look clear like
this is how long we tarde was just
holding the camera she was supporting it
about the Train
it's like a place for a viral video just
freaking out
Improv Everywhere right how'd you think
of your first subway princess heart
I mean subway ride not subway sandwich
that just never been usable you guys
have to leave you here you can't come in
with me we're about to stop the or stole
stuff we're gonna see a Broadway play
mommy turned has always wanted to see
stomp I guess it's like people like you
know hitting trash cans and brooms and
stuff together the little shop where you
been dog how do you stomp the yard yeah
what I'm trying to slide down this go
down a pillowcase slide down that
Orpheum Theatre in New York
coordinated way to listen it looks a lot
like this it was like six guys four guys
and it sounded fret like this
by also Anderson Cooper description
below yeah all right love you shed may
