shirt is not there but would you just
buy are you taking your Dodge truck new
dog in the back I like the bottom hurts
I shouldn't bother
I like it it's cool right yeah you
should get a Boise State Broncos and put
it on there in the center representing
this sorry Brett I just fill out of this
how you like that Brett
those are you boys for your gymnastics
are you excited it's so funny
you're like you've never seen any harder
with no upper lip
seriously seriously
the santa monica end of the trail
route 66 i always forget that this is
where the movie you know in forrest gump
when he was running across the country
and he runs to the end of the Santa
Monica Pier and that's the end of the
road for him I forgot about that we live
right here yay cause how to Monaco who
thinks he's XJ did you get it got a good
photo okay so you are really working for
it I fell down my game she was working
it Shane will do anything to get a good
picture even laying on the ground of the
Santa Monica Pier
don't you want to blanch this lovely
spread oh no I let falling they need to
be dryer very drill if somebody go back
in time and screen got that one you know
what I'm talking about
mommy tired you have so many of those
images maybe you're such a beautiful are
you saying the prayer tonight cheesy
term icky face
she's cheese either McGee derson we got
cheese eater McGee derson over here and
it's not good for your belly doesn't it
make your belly fill yucky the cheese
don't lie to me I know it dies she won't
give it up it's like a dog going back to
its vomit it's the same relationship I
have with chocolate it doesn't help me
but I love it is delicious
all right we're having leftover night
it's leftover night left overnight left
overnight with the shade leftover
leftover night left overnight with a
change we're having tacos and spaghetti
and others
what's a Holi we're here we got mo wacom
alley whack Amole and ties we're
watching you all right what do you want
we're paying attention hey rock face
McGillicuddy did you eat your dinner
what did you have what did he have what
are you guys gonna have we have choices
here you're not supposed to eat yet we
haven't set the prayer we haven't
blessed it dude you're gonna get
salmonella Bogart I'm sorry I'm dr.
Schaeffer said the prayer she's in
trouble she's been sitting here for much
longer than all of you that's true
this is pretty when I said she was did
you say did you help set the table hey
and by the way you did awesome in
gymnastics today bounce that out
shocking huh dude you won by the way and
I think that's bullcrap that they said
that other girl won because she wasn't
the rule they had to be on your toes the
whole time yes and that girl is not on
her toes they were on the balance beam
the rule was there was like ten little
girls on this to balance beams no I'm
just like I wish we had footage man it
in so anyways they had to stand up
princess Earnshaw you had to do on the
balance beam this is like four feet in
the air they have to stand up they have
to put their hands like this like it's a
crown is that what they say that this
it's a crown and then they have to stand
up on their tippy toes on the balance
beam and then the teachers the girls
walk by and they poke them and they try
to get them to like fall off and the
girls that can like balance the longest
so some they'll walk over and the girls
can't even like barely stand there
they're like the princess chart it's
like all sturdy well you can't even what
are you doing now you could do it on the
floor inch thing but anyway princess
Hart was the last girl and the other
chick she wasn't even standing on her
toes he was like flat-footed and I was
like that's bullcrap because princess
charts on her toes and that other girl
should be out but then princess started
fell off when they made them close their
eyes do they make that because it's
harder they tell you close your eyes
what life isn't fair it's just not gonna
be a life isn't always fair when you're
Takas alright we're gonna have a prayer
dinner it's not weird
it was not hey you saw that I was
vlogging you don't enough element we
were talking about being emotional and
wow that's whack Amole that's all I
freaking won yeah
right now I dare you I dare you do it do
it do it be crazy naturally she's gonna
do it are you know what are you ready to
do it it takes
thank you what a good sister do you see
that you put the plate underneath the
taco you did okay credit hey what's the
matter pumpkin get this I think he needs
I think he just feels bad look he's like
come on dude so I'm part of the family
or am I not I want to be in here he's
like I want to send a text message like
they have cranberry juice did his hair
like that hey Dennis the Menace he's
conscious about his hands being dirty
he's like I don't want to touch the
glass because my hair yeah yeah clean
him up bro there you go oh he's
clinically Navas stuff they left some
stuff on the thing I'll just clean that
up and I'll put this in here no that way
you won't want anymore
what are you doing night that's mine
well it's yours no you can have it you
are displaying on the table all right
dinner at the Shaytards we're having
taco hey you're not gonna have a
spaghetti taco
no just
okay spaghetti taco all right delicious
dinner time
hello my name is the Joker you may know
me from such videos as Dark Knight and
that's it
Shae is currently in Florida visiting
Charles Trippy and if you don't know
that then your silly
Brett is asleep so I'm doing the N slate
for him good for nothing here is my
impression of Lachey Carl
Oh I'm logging here you wanna know how I
got these beard it doesn't really work
so make sure to check out yesterday's
vlog and they storm and Shay made a
video together I bet it's good Twitter
and Facebook and Google Play you know
the rest seriously do not act surprised
you've seen this all before alright well
have a good day bye bye
