watching the Shaytards vlog just sit
back relax
to the beige shade
because it's Jane
 with you
like that is hanging down
maybe tizzle so we hit the door who is
it go see who's at the door somebody's
at our door look at these freaking kids
let me just move this you would not
believe I should have turned the camera
before I got the vacuum up here crackers
and goldfish crayons little toys and
every little thing you can imagine
pennies I just got the backing up there
and just vacuum the crap out of baby
my sister luma khus khus khus khus khus
is here point of the house my friends
are coming in town today I have another
friend from high school who's like one
of my other really good friends who just
happens to him and his family are coming
in like is right after Jaime left this
is like another guy named Trevor who we
all hung out together me Jaime trevor
bunch of us you know I was like that we
were all staying there like manna sucks
it was like they just randomly scheduled
it just one week off anyways I went to
pick them up forgetting the house clean
you ready go get him
well you lost Rock card for a few
minutes we have now located him he is
just playing with his friend the
spaghetti monster grabber in the tree
rock guard are you gonna fall and break
your arm your little baby arm huh oh my
snot monster he's a snot monster you're
gonna fall dude
jeepers he doesn't care he's a pot he's
gonna go up there and cultivate some
land with his hoe this is blue garden
hose up there and make a farm corn farm
hi Daddy
what's that what are you doing you're
doing what easy oh nice you made it here
good job alright back to cleaning cannot
be distracted the babies can be
distracting I'm not gonna let the hut
it's alum known in my crew do it hot
what's doing he was putting his head
over one hunter up shaycarl Hut
oh no hitting nice yeah roxrite is a hot
hot hot
he's nice many to burn little papers all
started campfire right here in the
kitchen you know you get the
marsh-mellers he's gonna see my new goal
this is my new goal I'll be able to do a
hundred push-ups in a row you can do
that what's the most pushups you've ever
been able to do in a row I think the
most I've ever ever ever been able to do
is like seven d7200 is he's 72 for some
reason there was a push-up contest
contest contest at the MTC Missionary
Training Center when I went on my
mission all these guys got together to
see who can do the most and I did I
think 72 that's the most I've ever done
so my new goal is I wanna be able to do
a hundred push-ups in a row were you I
just showered and change I realize we're
in the same clothes I was wearing
yesterday I did fifty on DeStorm has
this new show but I just went and was on
and we had to push-up contest that will
come out soon anyways I did fifty so
that's the most I've done what are you
doing are you gonna spill go easy on the
spill on the stir stir his listen dude
if that overflows you know will happen
your you know because I don't even know
that's why yes your arm will fall off
your left one the left arm will fall off
and then this arm will jump up and it'll
run away and I'll go up in the tree up
there it'll climb to the tallest tree
and wait for a Giant Eagle to come by
and when the ego comes by your arm will
jump up and I'll grab the Talon of the
eagle and then the eagle will fly to a
really high peak because it like that's
where Eagles go and they have like
random left arms from baby tards
to their their talents and then it'll
get to the top of this cliff and then
the arm your left arm this arm right
here this is the actual arm well let go
of the Eagle Talon and we'll go on the
top of the cliff and we'll go like this
put your pinkie up and put your thumb up
maybe like a noose everybody and let's
be this arm on top of this giant cliff
going yeah man hang loose okay everybody
and that's what'll happen if you fill
the freakin stuff so easy cheesy baby
just stirred it started to deliciousness
that is a creamy consistency that I can
only imagine that would be delicious and
tasty kettle cam kettle cam let's go in
for the kettle cam hey everybody today
we're making creamy chicken soup be sure
to get your keys crackers a Miracle Whip
along because it's a tasty little snack
goes with the soup okay cattle cattle
cattle come we're making laws make them
on and then we got so much chicken right
over here okay I'm gonna go make Trevor
from the airport another airport run if
I had a nickel for every time I've been
to LAX I'll tell you what I'd have bike
probably 108 bucks to be honest
yeah added it all up it might be
interesting alright let's go to the
airport and get Trevor alright Fat Boy
let's go you sure landed a hottie
patottie didn't you I know I'm pretty
lucky gone we're at the carwash Emporium
where they watch them squash them and we
shoe shop do that's what I love LA
there's like 185 cars being washed right
now they'll all be done in the next 15
minutes there's big old gray right there
she's been looking modded dirt he got a
cleaner anyway is my buddy Trevor just
texted me he said they just landed in LA
so I just took a sweet Instagram photo
and there the colors were magnificent I
was just walking by the little window
where they watch the cars and they have
all these like lights going off in the
hood where all the things you know the
fake sponges like hid in the car like
how is that cleaning those those
carbs like spaghetti look in the things
they're like flannel he like hitting the
car like so I took a coin Stu grand
fiction go check it out links below
anyways I cited to see Trevor man good
old Trevor it's so weird to have such
close friends coming right into my life
to visit me in such a close time
randomly like we didn't plan it for it
to be you know in February of 2012
Christmas presents the old friends would
come in to visit me to remind me of all
the stories of my life so that bring me
back to reality I don't
good old Trevor man Trevor is PI like ya
changeably you know you yellows friends
maybe you have them now or you're
creating them but if you're older those
friends you kind of grew up with when
you were like going through it all 15 16
17 18
all those teenage years the girls and
all that stuff there were these guys you
know what I mean it's cool to like
reminisce and we've been through a lot
of crazy stuff together man I can't even
tell you guys probably 10% of the store
anyways I'm excited to go get Trevor in
his wife and his two kids at the airport
right now soon this little gray Bessie
Lou over here's all cleaned up all right
see in a second I'm drinking lots of
water man trying to stay hydrated for
the marathon I get it build up actually
I guess far as far
water and
lots of carbs the week before I'm going
to eat bright anyways that's JLo should
go check out we're gonna start doing
some light way up like 23 days 23 days
until the marathon is here so I'm just
training class last 23 days and check
out Shay lots on the circulation
training American toy boy hanger just
over giant cement Depot of
Transportation you intestinal squid of
international communication
like men in black pepper and benefactor
I come through this tunnel reminds me of
that Park where Will Smith is driving
through the tunnel and my outie they
would like to go up on the side of the
walls and all that kind of crap and
every time I come through this tunnel it
reminds me of that and I wish that my
truck you go and then all of a sudden
Tommy Lee Jones be over here you know
and this dance with his hair flopping
around I'd be great wasn't what was I
gonna say was I gonna who's a Wizzle I
gotta go to arriving millionaire ports
Oh somebody on Twitter thank you very
much because I was asking this you guys
you're great answers her Sansa reverse
to my question interest I was wondering
why it's lax what is the X stand for a
Los Angeles LA it was pretty obvious but
why the X so apparently it used to be
airport codes were just two letters LA
was just the that was I'm flying into LA
which makes sense right way driving away
wait wait wait hold on you guys I should
not shave put the camera down okay okay
see that dude right behind the signs
there they are again
LAX anyways they went to a three code
system apparently they said the two code
wasn't good so they switched to a three
code and all the airports that had a two
code like la they just threw an X on the
back of it so this it's LA X just
because there he went to a three code I
don't know whose idea that was
hey whose idea was it to go to the three
code research that I dare you to trying
to go learn your something checkpoint
ahead arriving bomb crap word dude
they're gonna check us we better hide
all the criminals in here che you silly
monkey what are these losers doing
anything you're doing losers hey she's
not only in the window down she refuses
to be inhaling oh now she's playing a
part of me do it dude Trevor are you
starving man I'm so hungry right now you
don't have in the mood for I have been
all that all week I've been craving some
Ethiopian
vegan koozie that sounds delish don't
you guys you don't mean is anybody else
really craving
easy open easy open I can't say it
Ethiopia channel shaycarl you suck et
open Ethiopian I get it
Ethiopian vegan cuisine cute how DC
cuisine cuisine cuisine
oh it's cuisine I always want sake use
mean okay wouldn't anybody want some I'm
just trying to say words with my mouth
what are you doing bro Ethiopian vegan
cuisine cute
cui so I want to pronounce as EU cuisine
and cuisine
Ethiopian vegan cuisine who is craving
some Ethiopian vegan cuisine I know I am
if I had some easy open Ethiopian vegan
cuisine right now Sally sells seashore
by the seas she shop who wants some
Ethiopian vegan cuisine I know I should
Ethiopian vegan who say that five times
fast don't you're making fun of me let
you try it
Ethiopian to say Trevor if the Opium
vegan cuisine if the open vegan cuisine
Ethiopian vegans hahaha who can say easy
open vegan quickie you can't even say it
what listen all sure I know how to say
it Ethiopian vegan cuisine ethernopian
who's Ethan oh and who's who's fallopian
tubes is Ethan been on a cruise win say
it again let's hear you say it
Ethiopian vegan cuisine
that is hard to say see that's the title
of this video because I am sure hungry
for some Ethiopian vegan cuisine hey
everybody come on down to have some
delicious hamburgers at old jetty
racquets is that ghostwriter is that his
motorcycle looks like it's all on fire
Nicolas Cage burned us look at that
motorcycle Ghost Rider Nicolas Cage he
burned his motorcycle hey Johnny Rockets
the original happier of the fifties
remember Johnny Rockets is all time
original spoon classic milkshakes curly
fries and coca-cola class together right
there's a giant gold pillar in front of
all that bows back those what you do
we're gonna pull you over okay so I'll
start off stop hey guys Trevor Sullivan
Trevor cam Geoffrey cam Shepherd who
tell who you are and where you're from
I'm Trevor from I don't know whichever
that psyched you should get more
information how long do you know all
that camera for Charles like so we're
headed to Hollywood do you want to show
these guys we want to show them the
sights we're stopped I can talk okay
guys excited to see the sights sounds
we're gonna see the man straining
theatre where all the Hollywood stars
put their hands and sign everything but
then I realized that I think the Oscars
are tonight so just coincidentally
they're in town on a hunk - everybody's
honking why isn't he calling this one so
we might go see some Hollywood
celebrities down at the Oscars because
it's just right up the freakin Road here
try four fingers Trev maybe you might
get a lip lock with the whole Tommy Boy
hold Tom Cruise II the old Tom Cruise is
out here today he nominated for anything
if Tom Cruise should have wanted an
Oscar for anything it's for the Last
Samurai
because you know I'm gonna tell you
right now in The Last Samurai Tom Cruise
look like you looked so handsome in the
Last Samurai what's that oh sorry me and
Tom Cruise we'll just like in the last
time I brought the same what's that
bread put another picture here me and
Tom Cruise
oh I just I don't I mean I never even
thought Trevor said it wasn't me guys
what a coincidence Trev thanks for
bringing it up yes Last Samurai what a
handsome devil he was in that movie was
it a trap it was pretty handsome I think
you take the cake though just cuz I've
known you longer thanks bro so our lives
are back there look at them Museum hey
wave at us
Vince they're talking right we're great
hope we're gonna go alright so look at
all these helicopters there's the
Goodyear blimp basically they're an
aerial coverage yeah they are providing
excellent aerial coverage today the shot
from the Goodyear blimp thanks to John
Roberts up there heading up the
camerawork Jen been in the Goodyear
blimp business for 98 years that's right
ladies gentleman he's 112 years old and
got in when he was 14 and his dad and
Benham Goodyear Tire he's been running
that camera ever since he is you can see
all the helicopters hovering right over
where all the celebrities are where
there's no way in heck we're gonna be
able to go see Mann's Chinese Theater
Tom Cruise Brad Pitt is bums on the
brain oh she's gonna park in the red
because there's nowhere to the market
Trevor this is like probably the worst
really in the collection or is it it
might be she knows that you know I was
in a video with her huh no remember
Planet Hollywood Chanel do you drive a
black Mercedes we just saw you anyways
like there's the Goodyear Club we saw
one else we just see that Trevor telling
you the helicopter it's crazy because
they're just hovering at least the
Goodyear blimp like he's like well dude
I'm gonna just wrap around he's cruising
around I'm gonna waste fuel probably
eight dollars a gallon I might as well
get some good views the helicopters like
nod a toaster oh that one's playing
around
this one's ever and though that's a
cheap one look at these other one that
one's not may actually look like they're
nice yeah nice mattress bro so we'll see
what we can see what we get down here
it'll be interesting to see what's going
on Oscar's who you wearing Travis
everywhere uh Marco Jacobs Marco Polo
okay so they're saying we can't drive
past LaBrea or on the corner of
Hollywood and La Brea oh look look if
they were celebrity it's the lure act
we're gonna try to find a parking spot
just try to walk around and see if we
can't sniff some celebrities armpits or
something
wouldn't that be fun so I'm tired who is
armpit we're juice sniff you can sniff
any armpit and of all armpits good sniff
Brad aren't Brad's armpit Brad armpits
brought it Braden was out you're doing
you're doing a plan words Brad armpits
Brad armpits Oh seniors I was a good one
are cops cops cops cops cops cops cops
cops cops cops cops got to come sit down
what would you already let it go there's
like just passing 80 pops
yellow shades are what Shaytards on
youtube check us out all there so
there's a couple helicopters hanging
around two three and a giant old
Goodyear blimp it's pretty cool right
I'm kind of excited that we stumbled
upon this it's temple it was a stumble
we just wanted to come down here the way
to know the Oscars were happening and
then we found out they were happening
and they were like we're still going
because we're gonna see something I
don't really give a good gosh darn crap
about any of these who Iike to tease the
faces I want to sleep in here and when I
wake up I better expect to have some
french fries man Tigers here ceilings
honey I know I'm like pissed off all
throw my bones like Bob Ross room baby's
sleeping never wake the sleepy baby
that's why I always scream because then
if you desensitize your babies to
screaming they'll never wake up because
they're so used to loudness and then
they just sleep soundly all the time
honey true my method works for me too
and there's
is that Cuba Gooding jr. the levee
Cuba's sets that cyndi lauper
right there
so do you think you're gonna and you
slept rating the kind of sneaks the
balls in there like we're watching a
parade watching a parade of celebrities
come and get searched by police off by
Los Angeles Police Department let's see
what you have in the back of this Prius
Oh pretentiousness plenty of it okay
donut ha ha ha we love you moustache
looking good man looking very excellent
when I yelled the moment he looked over
this is fun it's like we're I got a
celebrity parade huh you guys are in a
celebrity do they throw candy when do
they start throwing the candy you're
supposed to throw us candy we're out of
parade this is the worst pain I've ever
been to get us thrown out of here quick
these cops are gonna come over here like
hey the obnoxious guy with a beard oh
he's laughing yeah there's the worst
parade ever I mean come on look there's
celebrities right there on the red
carpet Hey
I love you guys's movies sign my
autograph hey I love your movies I love
you in the movies I just found some
people who watch our videos we're gonna
get dead now we're on LaBrea
we're trying to go home there's too many
people at the Oscars we don't like it we
want to go home with not fun anymore a
lot of people trying to see famous
people and write Rothbard
so we're and when they got home they
realized three bowls of porridge were on
the table so princess tart tried the
first bowl and said it was too cold then
son tart try the second bowl of porridge
and sit was too hot and the baby tart
tried last bowl porridge and said it
tastes like my thumb get it because she
sucks your thumb anyway so make sure you
check out yesterday's vlog and the
podcast and the Twitter and the Facebook
you kids are on and the Google+ it's
better than Google - right thanks for
the drums Brett really appreciate it
self confidence boost
alright anyway I hope you enjoyed
today's vlog I worked really hard on it
alright I'll talk you later but the
turnout by
