hi I'm vlogging here whoops-a-daisy guys
if it didn't if it wouldn't snow so much
I'd vlog morning some other nature's
fault her fault hey guess who's 65 today
hey how're you guys my father-in-law was
just yelling at me for not vlogging more
often so it's not only you guys it's my
I get it from all angles
get out your budget even said you said
you would
hey happy birthday the vents who's 65
and skiing today which is definitely a
great thing to be doing on your 65th
year on this earth so good job show them
how to rip it up it Colette's getting
her turn dialed in to a fine precision
to turn and she's still working on that
pole plan but she's about got it and my
goodness gracious this sunshine is
beautiful
serious what do you want to be doing on
your 65th birthday this is what I want
to be doing right here I want to be
doing this today and on my 65th birthday
look at him go you guys that's just I
get it
now I know I Vince wanted me to vlog is
he wanted me to show how sweetie as its
skin you see those turns I'll tell you
what that's an admirable thing on your
65th year of birth 65th year of birth I
saw that no you've got to do some active
body in motion stays in motion you guys
ever hear that term from physics a body
in motion stays in motion oh dang girl
that body state emotion you upset stop
it be respectful come on look how pretty
it is that today alright we're skiing
the kids are at school it's the best
scenario possible babe you're killing it
you're killing it yeah yeah let's see it
hang out you're the goalie
I was on the back let's head back okay
don't come back okay kids I can do it I
got a perfect spot Blake yes sir
show us those miss Blake boom we just
ordered some more we did order a lot
okay so they're coming soon if you
wanted some okay Blake's gonna get a
shot of me do the backflip guys all
right here we go
check it out it is hard to push buttons
with these mitts however it is so nice
out it's so 20 inches in the last two
days and then it's just like a nice cold
temperature the snow is really soft I
think basically everywhere got water I
heard that California out of drought oh
ho
that airplane right there is just
chugging along soon dude I bet you that
airplane has an amazing view seriously
how you feeling are they well I'm
getting over this here that's the main
heart thank you so steep run you're
doing good trusting the mountain you
know trusting the mountain okay let's
see it shred work we do not want to
crash get a learn humility one of the
scariest part is just making that turn
look it's coming back around mr. mazzani
sauce
there's Colette and there's an airplane
listen to it let me give you a gander
that as far as the lens can see there's
the mountain range
I'll look behind that mountain range
there's another mountain range you look
like that man right there's another
mountain range if you love there's
Colette behind that mountain range
there's you whoo
get it girl this is steep to second year
this is maybe her tenth time skin ever
ratty bags oh great seriously look at
panorama I bet there every day
oh wait I forgot I am son of the day we
ditched Colette she's going to be done
we're gonna do one more here she comes
though
whoo attagirl whoo love you bye guys
look look look look
gigantic moose let me see if I can drive
on the side of he's gonna jump over the
snow he's going so fast he felt like 40
miles an hour
look at this thing oh he's on a full
gallop
I want to get environment they'll charge
me look at this guy I pass him this is a
big big animal it's like a horse with
horns
oh man I'm making him run don't hit me -
I'm going by a bullet it's all right
it's all right
Wow do I so bad he just jumped out in
the snow just like flew over the snow
babe so the moon's gigantic Lou well you
know sometimes you have to pass a moose
on your commute home he didn't use his
blinker which is one thing that pisses
me off about moose you know they never
use their blinker and I think if tail I
was out - anyway you never know what
you're going to see in the backwoods and
I know that was he probably didn't get a
good you know maybe you did maybe you
could tell how big he was but his head
that's why I didn't want to go up next
to him because his horns would have come
through my window he decided to like tag
the side of my truck but he just like
jumped over the bank and just went off
onto the side anyways that was so cool
big powerful animal I feel bad II have
to sleep out here he should come home he
could live in my garage with the cat
dude this dog wanted to wrestle what I
went skiing all day I'm sorry I was gone
runner asshole there he is so hyper
right now rattle me your ass wrestle
seek be nice pick on someone your own
size come here
right our asshole gyro a soldier anyways
we're home from skiing I love skiing I
was thinking about this the other day
I'm like am I gonna get sick of this but
every day that I go I just it's a it's a
hobby of mine that I love and it takes
away from the vlogs because when I'm
skiing I don't want to get my camera out
because it's cold and I want to ski I
don't want to film so anyways I'm sorry
you guys know this happens every year
this happened last year I definitely did
not vlog as much last year because of
the skiing so you guys got to forgive me
when the snow flies I got to be up on
the mountain and it's hard to pull the
camera out like I said it's cold I my
fingers get cold anyways you want to
show Maddie you play the drums correct
mushroom how you put the drum good I
thought I was going to be a professional
skier when I was a kid if you were to
ask me what are you going to be when you
grow up
it was either be a professional skier or
like own my own ski shop
so that was like my thing growing up
anyways let's see this mr. rockstar we
got our drum set set up finally this was
the kids big Christmas present have you
been practicing
no you look like you got some skills
it's kind of loud you can definitely
hear when Gavin's down here whaling on
them can you fly up I haven't regretted
it yet okay let's see it give us a
number here go look bad I sounded like
Tarzan we'll work on it we will work on
it hi as a kid we would try to go a
hundred times a year usually we wouldn't
make it that many times but when I was a
teenager and I had my own car my own job
I skied 40 to 60 times every ski season
well you want to show us your car track
here is there another car to race it or
just that one you get you are you doing
time trials here okay let's see it dude
three two one go I missed the
loop-d-loop do it again
you guys brought two other tooths is
about to fall out will you let me pull
it out right now please I'll give you
$5.00 okay just come show them how loose
it is wiggle it with your tongue okay
wait wait wait hold on do that thing is
like holding on by a strand just pull it
out you don't want to all right let's do
the Lukey Luke what did you swallow it
or something all right here we go guys
Rock on the loopy little beating wow
that was cool
hey go do I got the holeshot anyways I
will show you guys more skiing I know
we're coming up on March 5th and yes we
are still taking a year off
starting March 5th and I have been
missing a lot of days so I'm really
going to make a pause a solid effort to
get you guys daily videos before we hit
March 5th which is coming up soon what
did you find are these all of your apart
oh is this your Batman guy little swords
man are those all the parts the Lego
parts yeah where did you get this Batman
Giza - he did just so lucky he had a
personal present from Batman what did
you lose them if you don't keep them all
together you're going to lose them dude
you have so many different pieces and
toys and stuff all over this house you
got to be responsible you got to keep
track of all your stuff if you want to
keep it nice you got to say where's my
sword where's the belt where's this
helmet where's his head you got to know
where all that stuff is you got to keep
track of it did you oh oh yes I said oh
good you do manage you have his head so
what are you missing his hair where did
it go no no you Austin well sometimes
gonna tell vit how did you just find it
Oh put his home of them pending on all
those hairs gone love you guys
we'll see you tomorrow ok we back we're
gonna get on these things ok
