good job all right we just bribed the
two-year-old to behave kill her so that
we could get the shot
good job Daxton give him five okay I
could do homework with the show okay
guys I got a Ring Pop for each finger
who wants to do one more take hello hi
good morning we're doing another hike
how many days is this we've done five
six is this day seven babe what is this
it's a day yeah are we tired yeah no
what you don't quit just cuz you're
tired Amen sister no idea what you guys
are thinking of seven o'clock well we
got a big day today we have a Peter
Hollens video to collaborate on all
right so we got a big day first we're
doing our mountain hike then Peter
Hollens and crew are in town for the
sound of music medley we have our
outfits all picked out very excited
about those did a great job of picking
out our outfit we got some really good
ones last minute we're very happy about
it
but first we're gonna get our exercise
on see our little leg is here we're
gonna get him up here we're gonna move
them around we're gonna shift them all
hearing about all right here he goes a
heel those kids taking off wait for us
yeah you exercisers oh look at that
water
press it down this bucket relax all
right
good job oh one mile in steep it's
pretty though
whoo thank you oh here he comes
here comes a general rise up killing it
looking good buddy
strong up the hill I had a strong family
right here I'm a kind of guy prides
himself on a good strong
oh I sign for some push-ups all the way
down touch your nose no cheating come on
give me some good push-ups tolerate your
chest to the ground versus artificial
sure coach go Gavin you got it
or did you throw your sizing buttons but
he needs a knee yeah put your feet
behind him teamwork
let's work talk them out hi nice ah fuck
nice three that's my baby
he's a champion boy get a girl yeah I
remember when I was hard on you earlier
I just singing out as much as you
possibly can okay okay you ready hit it
Doug sounds great telling them I'll give
you more than a half of a second to get
ready oh here we go
and when that's all bites when the bee
stings when I'm feeling sad cool so it's
a little bit more percussive but the dog
bites when the bee stings something but
and when the dog bites when the bee
stings when I'm feeling sad way better
nice just have fun with it like the more
fun you have yeah the better it'll be
I hear that energy like listen to me I'm
ridiculous you got loud was a book with
shiz bad let's go again that's okay that
was the voice of the lonely goatherd
that was the voice of a lonely goatherd
now who's the voice
lonely goatherd out with the voice of
the lonely goatherd uh-huh oh he had a
big breath and see silver white winters
that turn into Springs these are of word
with ya silver white winters silver
white winters that melt into Springs yep
these are a few of my favorite things
forget perfect don't feel like you need
a cutting edge make me nervous with my
good opening got to watch it and it's
uploaded a repeater Holland's Channel
this is a closed set is the closed
studio you devil all right ones to you
the girls great okay so that's the part
I'm going to record you on a stings
perfect yeah this me do this right her
so that's a hundred percent all we need
a me notice so cool you're so
distracting rob star Roscoe alacazam
Peter to that bike feel like I had a
flat tire anyway no good he won't get
that other might be one all right are
you ready love here we go one two when
the dog bites when the bee stings when
I'm feeling sad oh thank you boys
love it you're doing great wait for this
so it's doe a deer ray-ray
I jump of course I'm good
okay and I'll do the exact same thing
get a little bit closer to the mic and
just sing a little bit louder is that
cool and ray a drop of Golden Sun
yeah let's do the Gateway professional
my five let's do this one
Judy Lee a female and Ray a tropical Sun
good oh really dad made so nice they
should do great it's a ski lodge glaring
at you right she's like well I mean I
need to organize my stuff here y'all do
any better than I do you see Larry among
some of the outside happening here doe a
deer a female deer ray a drop of Golden
Sun okay here we go doh ray and sing ray
a drop of Golden Sun good job sir couple
more friends I was great drinking from a
bird that will bring us back to dal nice
doe a deer a female deer ray a drop of
Golden Sun me a name I call myself fall
a long long way to run killing it in the
studio
dance dance dance ask you choose you
choose you choose dent use cute choose Q
choose holes and your knees got holes in
your knees and Q chew
holes in your knees and holes in your
socks in Peters got holes and it sucks
these are original holes I see she's
worn those pants so dang long that she's
put holes in them can choose holes in
the sock son any that what you do that's
really gnarly
oh whoa it's like reversing yeah all
right we're still in the studio the
girls recorded some more stuff today
that you had fun and now we're going to
try you ready - ticket text okay oh my
gosh he looks at it with cross eyes you
gonna sing some songs - okay listen to
him he's gonna tell you what to sing
sing doe a deer doe a deer doe a deer a
female deer yeah don't look at me watch
my mouth
doe a deer you do that with me one two
yeah here we get in there go on let me
see
don't hi dear anything it loud don't oh
dear though done okay hey good good doe
a deer you're doing so good you're doing
so good no doe a deer a female deer dog
down doe that's our recording
you're a good news mate
doe a deer a female T
you do it into this mic right here
though I try sing up the hard in the mic
oh look dear why I sing it
you're doing great man you don't have to
be it she get her booked room good wait
wait here I can I can fix this you're
doing great you're doing really good
good this la yeah say T e Sado overtime
dough so she'll go you are a rock star
give me high five I think you pretty
much won the Internet
great he goes mm-hmm you look super cute
no sue you make me want to get my son
recording awesome you pasted it you
basically just you finished you did the
best you're the gear that you're the
star okay don't let anybody tell you
different well done pound it you pound
it yes right all right line up line up
let's see you don't know your lawyer
Lola look at this I think it's
good-looking
get in there Julie andreas but my hair
and just happy I think it looks perfect
right now wow that's a pretty woman
pretty woman yeah alright so we are
doing here show my outfit Oh yours is a
bet
I love Shay's outfit you sure that's
coke seriously yeah
it's classic this is my things like this
no dude we just went on this is Dee is
entire outfit at the thrift store I am
this is like the big outfit at every web
store out there and make memories of my
great-grandfather's interest really I
love it these are a few windows out and
there's quarter bowling almost noon loan
he Rollins is here he's trying to make a
sound the real sound of music YouTube
family doing some rock Robert Oh Brock
has any line in there this guy he just
got that this morning he woke up he
milked three quarts ago he climbed the
Himalayas and while he was up there he
had a giant like tuba thing and he said
Ricola
and then he loaded the tap a tune or two
yeah did you do some yodeling today took
the axe milk into town to sell is the
boy
you're glad now but off makeup and the
sliding let's do that pretty good right
now my goodness Jeepers Creepers what
I'm watching
yeah whoa that was awesome
boy boy that's good ruck okay okay so
Peter got here we recorded most well
maybe 50% of the vocals last night and
then the rest of them today he sent it
off to get master remix yeah shoot the
music
cut profits good
we got the blonde haired kid in costume
yet let's see Daxton let's see it I
think it looks good man
you get some string cheese rub do you
prove this outfit looks good okay look
at me family
Dax dance it up dang it let's hoping
he'd be in a good mood okay Dax let's
see let me see
sit up okay we're not looking good job
all right we just bribed the
two-year-old to behave kill her so that
we could get the shot good job Daxton
give him five okay I could do homework
okay guys I got a Ring Pop for each
finger who wants to do one more take
it's tired if they do a good job that's
how we make youtube videos we bribe our
children that's right
Shum ah alright hey guys we finished our
music video now we're getting ready to
figure out a song Saturday kind of late
winners on Saturday
it's going to be fun I think that good
toy oh my goodness
can you guys you know how I always do
this but this this is different this
time
right pink look at that one by her yeah
it almost looks like it it looks like a
cow to me like a cow head like turning
over its shoulder
anywhere's look like to you what is it
with this mortality destination look at
that
lemme see that was it Mountain that's
rising above the village yeah they look
like fuck where a fox
yeah it's rising up that well oh yeah it
looks like a fox it's pink and blue
alrighty then that is a wrap on the
music sound of music meddling with Peter
Hollens and 5th gen films function with
those guys
Jackson can you say thanks for watching
guys did it work in taste so we
appreciate you watching our videos see
yes thumbs up know he's giving us thumbs
up sake sake give us a thumbs up say
thanks for subscribing yeah uh beans I
love you Irene I love you too buddy
click on that mystery video click on the
yesterday video to see what the
Shaytards been doing every single day
hey what are you into this summer
who's out of school I'm surprised that
some of you are still in school uh June
5th I feel like was always when I was
getting out of school also if you are
going to be summertime swim and time new
brand new tricks and women's swimming
suits are available right now at tricks
and calm and we had a really cool new
shirt up there so if you haven't been on
trixin calm for a while go check out
some new designs brand new swimming
suits I like them I think they're cool
alright we'll see you guys tomorrow
hope you have a great summer love you
bye
