so
we like
bunions
what is that hand for am I supposed to
hold your hand
she's or am I supposed to pass you a
baton are we in the Olympics princess
turn ok pass your hand back again I'm
ready oh where are we going today to the
lot Hotch well I thought the podcast is
when the kids go to sleep you're not
supposed to be at the podcast why are
you at the podcast today nice booger
wife there sweet stuff so princess art
is coming to us the podcast today
because she has not does have not step
what does not have the school a good
news she does not have the s school a
today and so she come with us at the
music let's go see spit it up smells
good don't tell me you're gonna eat your
candy are you gonna louder to walk away
with your candy in your mouth yeah I'm
trying to watch my way I saw it wasn't
ready like half the candy and I usually
so I have the system where I let the
kids see half of it then I take over the
eating process oh look she found a
better one anyways what flavor that
there don't you that one
over here at the podcast today
podcasting it up and princess tart is
one of our guests
she lost tooth yesterday hey toothless
come here did the Tooth Fairy come I got
five stars come leave two fries were
getting richer these days they're dumber
dumber waited - I got like fifty cents
and I lost it - loved it I was so
excited I started YouTube fairy give you
a five dollar bill or did you get what
did you get five dollars in you got $5
in quarters because the TV maybe wasn't
planning wasn't ready for what do you
want quarters as $5 right quarters are
even more that's $5.25 young lady what's
with the 25 cents you got 21 quarters
that's five five dollars but twenty-one
quarters is $5.25 Yeah right
yes what's the deal I don't understand
okay let's do this podcast that's
interest and drugs and is ready to do
the next Richard Simmons workout video
but it was so cool
yeah put it back on I love you look
inside of me my shirt on and it's tennis
shoes he's no gray I love you
hey I love you I love you
Oh gonna film you playing like your body
was broken show us what you're doing
she's pretending like all of her limbs
are broken except for her head
Oh your arms arms were broken before you
were just moving your head I love you I
love funny things and I love you but
you're funny but I love you anyway cuz I
just love you but you are funny does
that make sense
no yes it does hey you want to tell the
camera anything no no you're shutting
the camera I have this arena gone to and
gone a gone too high it's such a
beautiful day I realize I've been saying
that a lot in the vlogs another
beautiful day in sunny Southern
California it really is so I even
commented to Colette this morning as we
walked out I was getting in my truck to
go to these meetings at our new offices
that make her and I'm like it's another
beautiful day and she's like yeah that's
California I'm like it's almost like a
joke at this point it's so pretty but
yeah it is sunny and just perfect -
temperature 72 degrees right now outside
and
sunny and nice but yeah I was right we
really wanted to talk to you guys about
three years tres
how many days is that a thousand ninety
five what's 365 times three yeah dude
can you believe it we're coming up on
three years soon and I realize just
today like how fast it actually is
sneaking up on us dude it we're like
less than two weeks away
holy crap it's like another freaking
year has just snuck by I have logged
every single day for three years that is
insane yeah my 32nd birthday coming up
March fifth and three years of vlogging
ma'am relax the back of my head what's
that song is their son man Marie I don't
know but that's cool I'm excited
I mean I'm pumped we're trying to think
about something cool we should do for
the vlog I don't know we'll figure
something out anyways going home want to
go on a bike ride with the kids so I
told so I'm tired we take them on a bike
ride so I think we're gonna do that
right now
up the stairs you get so excited to come
here but just to the gymnasium for the
gymnastic time I don't know what it is
I'm on day number I guess this is
technically six of the no sugar I'm
struggling today I'm like tired and I'm
need something so I drank a bunch of
water and that helps totally helped but
I'm still tired so I'm just trying to
think about other things rather than
food
and had some jerky and a bunny other
anyway it's rock hard leaving smoke okay
crazy baby she is so excited to be here
how was gym good how'd you do okay well
we're not having any sugar today mommy
wants a treat true to just trust Oh what
is she doing is she like giving it a
recital she's giving a speech what are
you doing bro you're playing school what
is this your microphone or your one
where are you going come here I wanna
see you play school what are you doing
are you embarrassed now you're the
principal
we thought I was maybe holy crap doctors
are loud roflcopter rah rah rah rah
hey princess Prince its principal
princess tard principal princess sorry
can I can I get out of fifth hour please
I want to go skiing with my buddies can
I skip fifth and six hours so I can go
up skiing and please it's really good
snow up there what do I got to do and be
student of the month attitude good
writing skills dude my hand my
penmanship is perfect principal princess
Hart oh who is this is this
administrative this administrative
assistant Scully is she the teacher
young lady you better what do you teach
you know what sucks I know you need
chairs there's a lot of supplies lacking
the teachers budgets this year have just
been cut like to the brink and it's just
ridiculous you know it's like how are we
expected to educate these young children
with our budgets being cut and look she
has to bring chairs her own chairs from
home a lot of teachers are using their
own money to provide supplies for their
school just like you know teacher baby
tart where did you go to school to get
your teaching certificate so I heard
about this but I heard about the budget
cuts principal princess card that's
really too bad I know I know you don't
want to talk about it how are you
expected to run a school on that number
it's ridiculous I know anyways we could
do a fundraiser you want to a fundraiser
next what is Lucas Lucas Student of the
Month
hey Lexi there's our two students of the
month hey
oh yes does that mean I can skip fifth
and six our to go skiing with my buddies
- I'm asking principal princess hard if
we can get off school to go scheme
flipping six hours okay
let's go bro get your skis bro we're
going just get seen before you done did
hey how's the poops hitch talk to me
about the poop sitch can we talk about
the poop stitch I know you don't like to
talk about the poop sitch but we got to
talk about it it's a situation that
needs to be addressed let's go poop
cinch it up down now now son tizzle dude
I'm gonna beat you over the head with
that shovel just right I'm sorry
but it just was just perfect timing and
out of it and I just had to say it I'm
sorry you should not use those words
only unless it's perfect timing and
hilarious clean up the poop mom are you
mad mom I don't think my I think my mom
would laugh at that didn't grandma
Ilario would laugh at that yeah that's
all I care about if my mom is mad at me
I don't care if you guys are mad my
mom's not madam mom you mad let me know
hey I know it's just kind of a tongue
twister it's hard to say I'm sorry
jeez don't ground me oh wait no I'm
stood another month okay we're going ski
and loser bye okay there good job get
cleaned up then we're gonna throw those
pics II know let's go for a bike ride
you want way for a bike ride
yeah I know let's go right now come on
we'll go get mom mommy toy we go for a
bike ride
going on No get off that do let's go for
a real bike ride good workout okay just
being you you want to go mean yoga okay
let's go down
all right we're playing soccer it is me
and baby tired against Sun tired and
princess hard come on baby try to give
anybody the goal I'm gonna feed it to
you do go down by the goal where you
going son heard your goals this way you
just go down yourself you just go around
yourself dude that is totally our goal
or the way that we're going and he just
what you did do you realize that that's
the point for us baby-talking me fine
we'll just score dude sometimes just
score our first point thanks bro dog no
you do that anytime you want man
we will take points you give us okay one
zero let's go baby shark come on we'll
play defense Greer I'm mad okay go get
the ball oh snap
baby tarde where were you on goalie
there you're totally supposed to get
that one they don't care if they're just
racing to the ball Prince it starts
sumin up from the rear nice speed
Oh go go go go go go oh nice okay you
can get ready I'm gonna pass it to you
look come over here you stand right over
there and I'm gonna pass to you I want
you to kick it into the goal okay I
gotta get some defense though here you
ready go drive it drive it drive it
drive it
Oh get in the home Fritz's tard stole it
go get it back there she goes off the
wrong direction again why does your
teammate keep going that way right those
are the games over here she starts
kicking it she can't hurt us but she
like does this long wide arcing turns
but it's fun right okay get ready I want
you to score a goal okay oh crap
kick you ready baby tard we gotta get on
defense come back here get that ball go
get the ball right up there and get it
go get it from him steal it from him
steal from him oh you guys defense
defense defense here it comes Oh
Rapp monkeys two two one go get our ball
baby charge puss hustle up oh yeah
blonde hair flapping in the wind hit it
some of that score between that rock
tree get it baby dark oh that was good
okay just stop it don't kick it again
just stop it turn around and go through
obstetrician
ten thought we agreed it was 500 hit the
bikes that's penalty flag no - no
hitting the bikes red flag you're out of
the game hi Prince it's hard can you go
just starting on that one you need a
little help hair hair hair ready sing go
there you go oh they slip here right
wife mom my jeans my jeans are good
get them all dry it off as good as you
can put them in the sand for a minute
like it's okay
get them really - try really really dry
okay let's try it now pretty nice you
got it dude you're like a monkey one
more one more can you make it oh it's so
oh yeah there you getting some calluses
oh oops that's a sandy hand we call that
a sandy hand from where I'm from a sandy
hand to get her sandy hand I hate when I
get a sandy hand here today go ahead
there get off sandy hands take it again
care of it yeah yeah yeah here you go
again
okay here we go there we go she's going
to make it all the way this time no
excuses all the way to the end almost
you stopped in the middle but they
slippery here stand up there you go
little assistance see that's exactly why
you shouldn't take on someone on the
monkey swings cuz they'll fall in the
sand alright so make sure to check out
yesterday's vlog in the new shayloss
video to the right mommy tarde makes an
awesome delicious like I guess it's
healthy but it all said peanut butter in
it so it looks pretty good I was
watching that and rocked harder shoved
his face in it also do you like the new
end slate it's not quite finished yet
you ready wham bam see look at that she
hasn't even seen yet so you're seeing it
the first time and Shay you may actually
seen this before Shay so I just wanted
to show him that I could I could do
things look you see how they're all
there and it's all fancy and stuff yeah
I'm trying okay guys alright so make
sure to check out Twitter Facebook and
Google Buzz
