anyway I'm just rambling because I
haven't turned on the camera they don't
really know what to say but we're at the
gym we're gonna work out some let's go
work out my review this actually we're
just gonna go back downstairs and take a
nap okay see you guys bye hey guys
ginger and I are having a hard time
motivating ourselves so I'm gonna give
you the tickets but us right now I'm
actually gonna do some interval hey hey
we're gonna go a minute on two minutes
two minutes on one minute or 30 seconds
off anyways I'll tell you in a minute
once I decide sleeping position does
that mean we got a good workout minimas
gonna carry me out dinner I'm sure
there's
hey we gonna carry out the caretakers
okay all the important stuff going on
we're about to have a meeting with tweek
Footwear exciting no the shoes are gonna
be shipped soon finally I know some of
you are Sookie owed watcher Lang which
don't BPO so yeah we're gonna meet with
them and then the shoes will be shipped
out soon right we're seeing the last
that's what we're doing right we're
having the last meeting yeah and then we
ship soon yes okay and we're just
waiting for the dudes from tweed I'll be
here any second I'm just gonna be
jumping on the couch until they watch
this Alice tell me if you think this is
cool cool yes you know what's cool
you're just you were sarcastic amazing
that was planned I was aiming right
there that's where I hid it
okay here you go put it in there like Oh
make it happen oh you don't want to do
it okay hold on I got this what your mom
knows how to do this now I've been
practicing I actually at one point in
time bought like four of these so that
we could have a war and then the kids
got him out and played with them and
they all got lost and you know how that
goes so anyways I'm gonna have to do
that at one point buy some more and have
a war family war it'll be fun we love
family family wars and family feud if
you solve your family feud or your
family disagreements with a nerf gun
it's gonna be a lot more fun guys okay
ready Rock ride ready you better move
cuz I'm a man all right I guess okay
ready
I want you to be behind the gun however
can you come over here mom here's to get
past me
hey ready here we go another
sharpshooter oh man
I'm amazing looks like we're gonna have
another dawn in the dirt
oh here you want to wear it wear it well
then let me help you okay help you whoo
oh man oh man see that's what happens to
all the dark that's what happens to them
okay look that's what you do it then see
it's like it's an accessory it's an
accessory you've helped me put it back
on push hard yeah w hi hi can you tell
everybody hello hello hey how about what
is that with the syrup doing in the
vegetable drawer Oh kids kids and
fridges they're always interesting oh
it's a very beautiful day today it's
raining and sunny Oh what do you see in
the clouds I see a triceratops the
pterodactyl there's the Sun coming out
it is rain now look at the clouds over
here the gruesome vicious clouds of the
West loom large in the sky as the Sun
makes glorious entrance over the balcony
of the trees I don't know what I'm
talking about
look at these palm trees it's a pretty
day here in LA but it's raining we're
just in the new maker building and
having a meeting with Jon Huertas from
the hit ABC show Castle and you could
hear the rain pounding on the roof it
was one of those moments where you're
like wait a minute
that's rain right now on the
it was like pounding so hard but we're
going to get what are we getting now he
needs a all I needs a I'm gonna get a
horrible teeth they have herbal tea here
or is he putting up higher prices that
was 395 he just raised it to 399 higher
prices Gill it up this year let's see
what's this when I go up to supreme at
4:15 now it's gonna go up to be 490
that's a four cent raise we should got
gas five minutes ago dang it okay we
have an epic battle once again who gets
to sit in the front we're picking up
from school okay so have we decided this
time is the best out of three or just
one what do you mean one out of three
you mean best two out of three best two
out of three okay so best two out of
three rock-paper-scissors hearing
already wait what are you not playing
are you playing oh I thought oh are you
see are you playing that's right you got
very out very first in the last round
huh I forgot what were you yeah that's a
three-way tie that's why you can't do it
with three people because you've been
eliminated because how are we ever gonna
hear how about this I'm gonna think of a
number between 1 and 10 and then you
guys are gonna guess and then whoever is
closest to that number gets to sit in
the front ready cam gonna tell these
guys okay okay
okay promise if you guess the number I
smack you okay okay what between I'm
gonna pick a number one between one and
ten you go okay you say six what do you
say one bin to ten come on you pick for
you Braley oh geez what Johnny trail is
one Goldsmith's paid trip the front seat
of a new 2008 Toyota Tundras welcome
0-60 Nathan half seconds with his
5-speed automatic transmission also is
Bret not Johnny back to you Shane
alright thanks Brett that's great
friendly what do you think your prize
she is to sitting a friend yeah she just
wanted to sit next to me oh sorry bro
your prize has been voided anyways
alright time to go home for tea excuse
me I see your driver's license and
registration young lady I need to see
your driver's license what is this is
your license and this is your
registration if you can eat that truck
you can drive this truck home okay that
a deal all right scoot over sit in the
middle I'm driving this beast oh the
kids are on set okay princess Kirkwood
how was school today just Huntsville
yeah you didn't like do you have your
homework yeah are you shooting today are
you shooting her is braylee braylee put
the sandbag down young lady you're going
put the sandbag down she's a sandbag
Queen anyway is a shooting craft
services over here is delicious the pita
is delicious
and I look at all this good food huh hey
we got a run to the park bro we got to
our Park run you me and Princess chai do
you wanna start should we go for our run
to the park all right all right let's go
hi let's go oh she's so weird I'm using
gingers camera because I forgot my
vlogging device so if this looks
different from the rest of the vlog it
is we're just so excited so I'm really
bummed right now because I left my phone
in the movie theater I was in my lap I
stood up and I don't remember seeing it
out for that so I'm pretty sure that's
what happened to it and we can't find it
anywhere and the theater is telling me
that they didn't find it they have a
separate janitorial service that comes
in late at night and cleans up after
they said that you didn't turn anything
in and blah blah blah
try not to be a twosie Tori but I'm like
that is where it is I know I left it
there
but then I'm like second-guessing myself
did I leave it here so really
frustrating but I'm pretty sure I left
it there so I'm going to stop talking
about it and try to forget and just
relax and realize that it's just a phone
okay so what phone should I get now
because I don't want to spend the entire
amount to get a regular iPhone which I
need it because it was like my business
phone device I used it all day long for
all the things that I need to do let's
talk about shopping instead okay are you
having fun well we're having the
opposite problem so what do you want is
large yeah you can say that you were
awesome because you're making me much
happier than I normally otherwise would
have been right now so natural baby its
own that your breath sauce yeah I'm a
horrible dancer
welcome to the non dancing club anywhere
I'm not you're happy oh that is the
beautiful study hat got to do you have
to do an accent with every hat there's a
speaker on this I don't want to cover up
the speaker so it's new to me I'm new at
this camera hi
canon camera you're new to me let's be
friends too bad you're not first what
are you doing why are you soaking wet
if you washing the dishes you learn how
to wash the dishes bro why is your head
always have you been washing your head
rock-hard your head doesn't need to be
washed they just stick his head
underneath there oh my head count
something what is that Rob tar
okay let's put them back in there I want
to clean you know here dude here's a
graham cracker here here I can offer you
this that is all I can offer you a
graham cracker on the back of your head
that is in some countries a great noble
honor there's a great honor to have a
graham cracker on the back of your head
right slip on the chippy all right so
we're making dinner we're stuffing some
final cool onder's ladies he helping out
hi doing a good job these are the final
how many Ally this is the final couple
hundred right here huh I don't know
specifically how many but I'm gonna be
so glad it's are you so relieved girls
are helping they're putting return
addresses on all of these and these
girls are actually helping with the cart
too little sleep wait I show least
joined we're kind of getting the idea of
what we want colette scarran design
collection yeah it's just my ideas then
rock chart is watching his head in the
sink wash your hasn't seen crazy thanks
for tuning in to today's Shaytards if
you want to check out yesterday's vlog
that's to the left also our podcast it's
to the right we want to get new 2012
calendar but they're all sold out not a
problem friend us on facebook
description below and you might just get
in the running for a new calendar
alright today's vlog was sponsored by
pvp
it's pdf and Pete I'll talk to you later
I'm a douchebag
