hi I'm login here I'll be Valentine's
Day you guys today is Valentine's Day so
they're getting a special breakfast
these are heart-shaped pancakes I am
pretty good right yeah yeah love
holidays so they're getting a special
breakfast with eggs with little assaults
in them so they're kind of pink I'm
think I'm in a color I'll be really pink
but you think that's fun I should have
put the gun in these parts eat pancakes
and the kids are going to school and
doing their little Valentine's things
and I think I'm gonna go buy a couple
Valentine's for my haven't done it yet
but anyway I love holidays but I
remember my mom used to do stuff like
this and it just made it that much more
like exciting I'm excited for school
yeah or excited for all your Valentine's
are you more excited to give Valentine's
or to get Valentines probably begin
select I probably give Sophie oh you
have a special Valentine for a special
someone don't you what is it it better
be chocolate because I know girls and
girls like chocolate right right most of
us I don't know yeah selkies news milk
chocolate truffle are oh my goodness the
silky smooth and truffle make it even
better
ah umm that says in science Forever
Yours you're not gonna kiss her though
right you're not gonna kiss any girls
and tell your 27 ah yeah right mom Oh
baby toward you broke my heart hey
that's okay there's princess chards do
you like your breakfast to buy her
person gym oh it's my new weapon
love you getting all your Valentine I
love it you heat I love it all right
ah be excited hold on hold up we got a
vlog bomb we one heart-shaped pancakes
hi I'm a camera was so lucky
I put your heart a pancake oh did your
other prison later if you're good okay
time to get ready for the day all right
how much candy cards and drinking
balloons that you guys have a box and
these are all Valentines and then you
have a bag who's this bag from campaign
that's nice where'd you guys get at Pete
izzle hey Pete is what you get are you
head-butting your balloon you had blood
in your heart of a little head blood in
your heart balloon would you get really
heart-shaped oh yeah hers is heart are
yours is just circular princess are
yours looks heart-shaped to give it to
you who's your who's your boyfriend's is
it Matteo or Jose oh you just said it
yourself you just said it's Jose hate
tell these guys that you want one of
their balloons we have one of your
balloons
just kidding I don't want one I'm trying
to quit you're very generous to offer
though what a nice young man whose
boyfriend oh snap
hey guys ready let's go it's time to go
home and eat all your candy can I have
one of these I'll have that one fly man
she just climbed in Dukes of Hazzard
style
oh my dad end of the freakin room
- hey come here I got a show I kicked it
hard it's gone that's on the other side
so I'm gonna try to get the rink and
pull it up this like a little board it's
right here gonna come see hey can you
use your Mohawk to go down there yeah
super powered motion you get as skinny
as that Mohawk and between the feds
camera trying to get in the rink in here
and see if I can get a okay here hold
this you're the cameraman you've been
demoted Cecily nice Nestle's here
watching all the children Cecily is
gonna watch all the kids while we go on
a date tonight we're with all the kids I
mean all seven kids we have to go pick
up Casey in Long Beach
oh yeah that's right lion into Long
Beach tonight he's been in Salt Lake
please avoid this stupid tree was cut
down I could get it this is hard
we put rock hard over there yeah bigger
probably can oh my goodness can you see
oh see my other army here watch out you
guys hello Cara and you think my can you
come if you couldn't say yes that is a
zoom not your blood when you're like
this I'll show my daddy kissing here let
me see let's see if Cecily can get it
and you get it oh it's okay
the problem is with my arm there I can't
actually look you jakey pull oh I'll
help you I'll have the other hole
straight okay okay now come up the board
oh snap yeah keep it coming yeah oh how
disappointing just to get it up to my
hand then I can hold it right here then
you can get under it oh I'm trying my
arm to the fence right here this is so
exciting this real-life cinema
okay ready can you grab it I'm coming up
I'm coming up can you grab it with your
arm right there don't let it fall nice
Sun tower check it out do we save it yes
it's been rescue whoa my arm has slight
injury to it but we saved the ball watch
he's gonna kick it over the fence the
first time oh snap oh look at that one
my brother what's my brother up there
see if you can reach him reach him his
name is Sam you will reach Samuel Samuel
please come to us we want to play ball
with you Samuel did you kick Samuel up
there Samuel has been stuck up there for
how many weeks now probably for like two
years longingly watching oh nice I see
yeah pull listen up the neighbors are
gonna be pissed
hey listen I'm right over the pole oh
it's t guys like it's stinks right here
Sammy won't open fraid we have freedom
yes you're hanging right over here
that's nasty I'm glad you to fall in
you've been freed Samuel and his brother
Eric all finally back together again
Eric it is Samuel so good to see you my
brother
I'm gonna kick it - my name is Raja I
think and everything I'm great whoa I'm
gonna snag perfil in the head very close
hey guys time for moms on the loose
around here at a beach in Santa Monica
we're just gonna go interview people
about stuff you're excited yeah I'm
gonna be behind the cameras going wait
show us out again what's my best dance
moves I love it yeah
right now yours 200ml a very ladies you
should get on the lowest I have some new
hearts because I'm so sorry
can you see him my glasses and here's
let's go you guys excited
you and the camera warp changes I am the
cult in you now hello good fabulous I
still look like asking in the Sun yeah
it's good be wary day it's an amazing
here like that it's sexy
just leave it sorry Carl insula I have
your wife on Valentine's Day
she is my Valentine she told me she'd be
my Valentine sorry sorry shade as long
as you bring exactly a drink
what don't you chuckling I eating
chocolate okay by the time you guys see
this I will have been into my third day
of no sugar it's been okay so hard it's
hard because I don't realize before I
made that commitment that Valentine's
Day was today and I am a huge chocolate
lover obviously but I told shade that
doesn't mean you don't get me chocolate
it means you get me chocolate and I'll
save it until next Tuesday and then I'm
gonna eat it all why it defeats the
purpose no it does it yeah the first
week is like the worst if I can stand
going without then you're gonna binge no
I will not ban on chocolate next year
no but then I'm going to go to one day a
week living of having chocolate or not
having jacket but I won't go overboard
and then I will keep it that way good
like I'm having my little mice my first
cleanse that sounds awful I'm cleansing
myself you guys anyway the first week no
sugar over valentine's day is the real
test if I can do it then I can do
anything right right ginger that's right
you're like why believe in you I really
chocolate bar right now Haley happy
vanta Lyoness an anniversary of sorts
for you not engaged you're engaged
you're okay I'm so happy for you man
sitting on a cielo I let you guys about
it later that's exciting
and she's going to have a romantic date
with me and Shay start just kidding
we're going to pick up Casey tonight
yeah excited I want to depend on you
click on for about five days at a
hunting Expo and you have been just
working so hard
that's something like Grey's Anatomy
yeah yeah I never got into that one
ready I shut it I think I'm going
through well I've watched all the
seasons
oh you have done almost they have
another season and there's one right now
but I'm watching that one too oh cool so
we're not that I'm buyer and loved it so
much we love it okay so it's Valentine's
Day today and I haven't gotten my
beautiful esposa hmm me me love miss
Poste haven't gotten Collette anything
yet for Valentine's Day so I was just
driving on my way to target because I
have a meeting at 5:00 but I saw a store
that I thought how do I not stop at that
store on Valentine's Day I can't believe
that I'm just seeing this store it's
gonna play it's gonna have exactly what
I need and you'll see what I mean we get
in there because it specializes in in
today's trinkets because up today
there's a line outside of this place is
ready to check it out here we go See's
Candies delight her with sees on
right what better than a place to get
lots of chocolates yeah I think that
ought to do the trick I think most
chicks will enjoy themselves a little oh
this isn't even like a branded dealer
night this is just cool it this is him
do they have something if it's expensive
I'm not buying all paid over at all stop
okay I'd done it she old at me said I
couldn't film in there but I got some
chocolates I think my baby will like
them they're a little more expensive
than I really wanted Hey I bet if I was
at Walmart Idaho I got a lot of bigger
box chocolate for cheaper or whatever I
got it done at least before mom and Hart
gets home so now if I have like a like
this box check out biggest one I got I
don't look for Carly to the felt bag
she's a loser doesn't have a Valentine's
haha this is from ohmmeter I got her the
biggest one that is heavy this is like
18 and a half pounds of pure milk
chocolate and caramel on that something
seriously a whole hundred and eight
pound of off the top anyways and then
I'm gonna go get mommy tartar card right
now and write some super romantic wanna
so she'll love me and give me kisses
tonight all right some tarts making some
popcorn is it in there me see how long
does it take till starts pop
this is actual popcorn homemade popcorn
inside Sun Park yeah but you only need
like two tiny scripts or kernels in like
this much of olive oil so not too much
here it certified boys gotta smell so
good
imagine you're in there they grab onto
one of the Colonel's right is it pot it
became like a giant pillow or like pop
cuz I can try a pillow of popcorn right
in your hand gauge are you excited for
this puck tizzle so we're going on a
double date with Casey and Caylee and
ginger and my wife flaps use me butter I
want to try some of this oh you hit it
or was that a pop lollipop oh don't get
it do whatever pops in your I deposit
are out it was like this and it was open
it was like in half and half the pop
front came out that is not good that's
cool it smells good man Oh homemade
fresh popcorn from the kitchen of Sun
tart it smells delicious alright so
we're going out to dinner
these ladies are all dressed to impress
cess Lucius is gonna be the grand woman
to stay here with all of these
I like your pink sweater really who's
Ron hi i'm ron sweater hey i can say
that totally see that
alright you guys ally has done a great
job today that is the last of the
calendars they are signed sealed stamped
postage all we gotta do is take those to
the post office tomorrow and they're
ready to show shoosh all over the nation
it's really cool to think that each one
of these is a house and one of you and a
computer and that's awesome so we're
sending all these ideas oh it's a
popcorn extravaganza rock dog go check
it out in here we got the popcorn
popping popcorn dropping in the apricot
stream i can take it on home maker a
popcorn ball sing with me
that would get its nut that would smell
so sweet it wasn't really so come on his
little song was it was a popcorn talking
on the apricot tree do you know that
song i don't look honey come on
they know that song don't thing well
then why are you singing it i can take
an armful and make good treat
yes so sweet I can take an armful and
make country up up corn ball it would
smell so sweet it wasn't really so but
it seems to be rock Todd flopping on the
harmonica tree so talented center how's
your Harry Potter book going my sample
this fine corn that you have popped for
us fresh that looks good that's big
kernel consistency mmm smells good look
it's a little chewy I only get popped
enough it's kind of chewy so I'm not you
should start a business where you sell
popcorn from your room and these people
come buy it
you guys want popcorn would you sell
your popcorn to these people it's for
only $5 we got to make it better because
it kind of sucks right it's really chewy
I think we need to mess with the
temperatures yeah you guys really need
to pop it yeah it just feels like it's
not totally popped yet hey go get your
little brother he's gonna burn the house
down with a tank - cool hi
she's not even trying to do that happy
man he's he just got back from Salt Lake
how was it
hey Lewin got it you're sure just like
sparkling move around a lot yeah it's
sparkly cool so what are we talking
about ginger oh it's just stuff and
things I'm talking about Ginger's
husband Karl Harley heard some
interesting stories about you how I miss
my Valentine okay you miss your husband
so we're gonna go to our movies
monitored what's nobody wanting to go to
I don't know Luke Valentine's Day so
it's not just me and mom eternity it's
like a fire fivesome okay let's go to a
movie I want to eat licorice and coke no
candy for me okay I've officially seen
the vowel and Red Tails if you're gonna
choose go see red tails what do you
think actually like Tim bulb
I mean they're way different from Red
Tails is way better than this piece of
crap not that I care either way but if
you were to tie me up in a room and
fortunately watch this movie the rest of
my life I would stop breathing
voluntarily it's good it wasn't that bad
but this is a better movie this this
movie is the cinematography and this is
really good anything like Italy they
were both based on true stories yeah and
I was kind of disappointed with how both
movies treated the true story even the
Red Tails actually I wished at the end
they would have showed some more like
historical footage of the men that flew
those planes
I always have an affinity towards you
know aircraft and flight fighter pilots
because my grandpa was a colonel in the
Air Force so there was some really cool
dogfights in that movie hey what's going
on okay so this is today's hand slate
you guys thanks for watching today's
video
hey we're gonna start giving away some
calendars on facebook I forgot yeah so
go like our Facebook page we'll add us
on Facebook and we are gonna give we
have like I think 50 left that we're
just gonna give away so they'll like us
on Facebook okay so today you guys I'm
on a 50 mile bike ride I'm out right now
on the beach this is the longest well
I'm going to attempt at least a 50 mile
bike ride so if you don't you're back
from
I'm lost out at sea somewhere on this
50-mile bike ride
I'm gonna make I know I can do it all
right click on videos I'll see you guys
tomorrow
love you bye
