you are not watching the Shaytards flop
just sit back relax
just because
we fought for two years and the other
side
hey guys it's just a guy your baby dog
there is it works yeah oh hi took off
pretty long on the eggs cool it was like
I was going backwards because I was I
was for her like this as pushing the
forward run and then when you were
blowing looks like you're a blowing the
camera back it was so awesome and we're
just picking scrambled eggs for
breakfast hi guys I'm just trying to
keep putting in the for everyone but
keep doing now we're getting ready for
the fitness challenge at school today
today we're doing a citrus challenge
we're gonna race people we're gonna do
these like things it and whoever wins
gets yes brain is gonna beat it's my
turn today we are going to the kids
school to do a fitness challenge and we
just bought princess charters sure what
oh you want your blankie oh you're just
like a little lion I think is okay we're
fresh oh there's a fork in case we're
ferociously getting ready so guy called
okay we're at the kids school and
they're doing a fitness test today so
we're here to see them do our test
and I think person starts first and
they're running around the track I don't
know how far
they're gonna run there's a track here
open start wins I told her that the only
thing that really matters today number
one blue ribbon big trophy that's all I
care about here we go come on you can do
it jumping jacks you know about I like
to move it move it I like to that's okay
I like to you guys they're doing more
than running actually there's like
places that they have to come so they
have to come and shoot basketball hoops
they follow those they go throw bean
bags through hula hoops they kick a ball
through a soccer thing these guys are
showing examples right now don't get
dude so I think they all have to come
and they get the ball and then this is
my station oh here I should have to do
this ball so my job is to get the balls
and to get them to all the kids so
they're gonna come running down here and
every has to make a shot but I only have
two basketballs and there's like 100
kids so I'm gonna be getting these two
basketballs to all the kids as they come
through I'm excited for when my kids
come through I would be like how do you
like those shoes do you remember me
remember me from home what oh he wants
me to pick him up so he can make a shot
you guys ready for this okay here we go
shoot it shoot it shoot it yeah
nice guys having fun that's fun huh
out here it's a beautiful day too so
this is cool yeah it's like parents help
at each of the stations like I we were
doing the basketball one before now
we're doing the limbo one that's just a
lot of fun good job guys keep going okay
here comes mommy tart and Sun tart
together come on dude don't let your mom
beat you can't let your mom beat you
let's go guys give oh honey you should
have really Limbo that come on somebody
just challenged Shay or so cute he's
like we erased me I'm like we have to go
watch my baby there you go
and I said but he'll raise yeah here
comes Sun card this is how many times
dude five or six oh you're not getting
all our that's at least a mile right or
on this truck no this is I think eight
times around this tracks a mile because
this tracks so if this was it's right
eight times around so he's right around
a half a mile at least dance that yeah
yeah dance mix dance break this is a
dance break let me see you do that limbo
babe come on how low can you go all
right come on giving me a little shake
when you do it yeah I like dance you
know what I mean you're like done done
come on shake what your mama gave you
better shake it come on shake what your
mama gave ya
I think he's adds enough chocolate
babies had enough chocolate mom he's
just like they've got it all friggin
chocolate bar oh my god I gotta give a
crap about anyway yeah I just need to
paint away
look at my painted fingernails I'm so
confused what I'm doing with my life you
are a mess and AB who painted his finger
now men only paint their toenails in
this family not their fingernails that's
ridiculous good job I need you're such a
good Walker which is a shortcut hold on
a second I think that took longer it was
not a good idea not a good move balance
beam good job
she was not gonna give me any attention
drugs in his own fitness challenge yeah
hey Rach are we going whoa what's that
what's that read your own Fitness
Challenge yeah okay we've got to filter
your way through this garden patch take
it around around the plants you can do
it what where you going now
that's a big pile of dirt you don't want
to play with that yes I do mom see you
later dude you're gonna make it in the
basket really you're not tired yet
you've been doing it you can do it
please you're inside a okay shoot the
ball you can do it you're not funny
oh here we go jumping jack on the Sun
tire 10 jumping like a linebacker his
legs remind me of like the linemen when
I was playing in high school like his
calves are big I guess kappa like and
they're strong they're like muscular
nice job keep it going man
dance you're good but show me your robot
fingers shake it shake it
show me your doll Hey and that was the
face show us your doll Leela learned how
to make dolls and this is Harvey that a
tissue with mercury on it on for the
hair that's cute I was about to use
strings but it's hard to put it on yeah
how do you have to sew it or glue it I
use paper and then I colored it whatever
color like color and then I created for
the Sun just upgrade it with all these
stuff and this is a black skirt I'm
never gonna wear socks I gotta sell them
cuz you're gonna use all your socks for
dolls I'm not sure that's a great idea
but I'm glad that your time baby bed so
it's on hard you earned it got another
stripe Swiss Forster is moving on
yellow belt however he has to have a
stripe on his belt so they can test and
we cannot find it so and you're scooped
up hoop home did you put it in the poop
on accident oh you're sure are you
really going up liked out there it was
not in there and they guarantee you on a
person sure it was not the thing about
this is is it's not the first time we've
lost a strike but the last time we did
we found it again yeah so do you think
you're gonna find it yeah stop teasing
us girl who cried wolf tell you that I
told you that story right the boy cried
wolf I'm gonna tell you the story then
follow along hey guys but the intern
here I hope you enjoyed today's video
make sure typically the yesterday's
llama to the left or to the right listen
if sauce video and I am on a plane if
you can hear yeah well sometimes all you
guys are mache and Bobbie tart
