pretty pretty pretty pretty darn
precious what it is Katie letting
shaycarl got the cutest kids and maybe
up on YouTube making all events and if
you don't know I'm gonna tell you like
this like this like son's heart got all
the girls on them got him wondering how
do you get so handsome okay and baby
turn she got that baby girl swag she can
get a little crazy just like her dad
with a rock part I see you starting to
walk hit that stanky leg then he hit the
driver prison start when you whack
girlfriend back handspring it's a
perfect 10 uh yeah you know they PDF EP
two years done and hes on 2 3 we're
ready for video so let it be clear hey
he's foggy oh my gosh that's so many
look at all the seagulls that's kind of
pretty
yeah that's crazy huh and they all just
settle back in play here he comes again
what do you guys see look they made a
path for him they settled over there
over there Kenneth is over me when I was
running I was like one of the coolest
billions like ever this big cloud was
over me I was awesome did you get pooped
on no good we're gonna see I know look
never started they don't dare mess with
my fat good night I said okay let's run
in there later how's austin us fun here
we go round the bird it took my dog this
is where we did that uh what's it called
alright we are standing up on the
reports rock you can hear me he's
listening to her headphones I can't
remember his call you there and we saw
sharp this is right where we want me
Derek and Brett Brett cuts that but
remember Brett wasn't that fun Brad see
him Brett oh holy crap holy crap that's
freaking me out oh my gosh I went right
underneath my surfboard dude sharks
there's friggin shark go nuts this is it
same sharks it's crazy serious real
sharks remember those stones guys okay
so we're just cruising the kids are at
school for us today we're taking it easy
on Friday come on young fun young fun
mommy hey beautiful day another glorious
day of southern ceiling
pretty primary focus yeah three reasons
why he's doing a great job but he keeps
looking around for me whenever I move to
it I'm in a different position she was
looking around all stay in one spot so
we can watch him is we can do a good job
so your karate move sundered I can't
believe you monster stripe you just got
a stripe yeah tell us more I don't know
anyone what are some one okay I don't
know what it is commandant what are the
commands sweep the leg huh what are the
commands din what's this one one yeah
one to dig out one to check out there
good yeah yeah yeah yeah nice Rock card
yeah yeah that one night soon so you got
your fourth and he got your short stripe
Rob tardes learning is redic karate whoa
so sunt are going today what belt are
you white belt on my help center got a
sports stripe on his white belt today at
karate morrow I get a yellow belt should
become a yellow belt then tomorrow if
you go you will you'll do good right
saturday or else I'll beat you I'll beat
you with that yellow belt you'll get
your yellow belt don't be you with it
eight on a Saturday do it
tell your karate coach you go did good
Ralph a clip Saturday's are sleeping
dick your what dude I don't care about
your party just stuff the freaking
envelopes ok get to work yes I want
those stuff faster whoa nice kick what's
the party for tomorrow take care of it
and so our other teacher that was a
t-shirt on the end of the school year
and she wears gonna go to this other
school that you're already with or she
was gonna go to that state to this for
celebrate whoa it sounds pretty
self-explanatory so your teachers coming
back and years are having a party oh
she's staying I I didn't get any of that
right you're gonna keep the teacher that
you have and it's official that you're
keeping that teacher knew you liked that
teacher right yes did you sack all those
did you stuff all those whoa why don't
you start stuffing calendars and help
your sisters they've been doing all the
work around here hey young ladies what's
the new project mommy tarde
right oh we just took those off babytard
I think you just need to learn how to
ride a bike you're not ready you want to
try to learn how to ride a bike tell
people why not yeah yeah Mike when he
was two Casey was two years old that is
a true story my brother he was almost
three Casey was almost three he learned
to ride a bike without his training
wheels on my bike I remember cuz he
wrecked it like a million times and I
was pissed cuz he kept running into the
trampoline cuz my mom was in the
backyard trying to get him to learn and
she kept you know go go and he kept
trekking into the trampoline like he's
gonna rue it bye bye she's like just let
him use it be a nice brother give me
like phone are you sending messages on
that for you a hey Talan hello is his
rock hard yeah I want to sell all my
shares sell sell sell I don't care if
the markets about to take I want to sell
immediately yeah well the twenty percent
upgrade I can't expect a return on
profits like that yeah and then my
favorite brother is kicking balls
through the house all the time yeah he's
probably in a Roth IRA all right all
right hey I can talk to me like bone I
have this thank you he's trying to send
hey chels watching whoa nice move bro
hey pregs a start you're doing a good
job thank you very much you're helping
out a ton princess TARDIS is this is a
family business I'll tell you what me
and mom seinem you package them then son
tard you're gonna have to ship them get
on your bike get your new bike we're
gonna get you some like a paper route
bag you're gonna take these all over the
country thank you you want to go with
sungard delivery news all over the world
would that be cool we could go to
people's door and knock on their door
and say here's your calendar and that'd
be fun we should find somebody in the
los angeles area and go take one of the
calendars you want to do that like knock
on their door and you can run up okay
you can take 12 it does she think she
wants assigned one I think she cares
that we sign up maybe take her when it's
not signed maybe one just that you've
signed do you want to sign one and give
it to her that's just you all right
what's going on in here
right huh you putting tape on your bike
we are fixing bikes I don't know yeah I
can't get crack of him all right there
is there's the baby he got a new bike
too I like your new bike bro yeah you
like that like a bus I think your
grandma got that for you for Christmas
huh yeah it's cool man Santa is putting
let's move with my phone you like the
bell so we bought this tape Home Depot
this random duct tape and now the kids
are decorating their bikes with claims
and orange I put a little bit on my bike
cuz I wanted mine to be like stick out a
little bit more cuz sometimes when I'm
coming home in the evenings I feel like
it's a little too dark so I put some
orange tape on it to help reflect so you
can see me when I'm riding my bicycle
bike night Chris to start it's looking
good friend you just random random tape
huh just wherever babytard got hers all
set up she's got her training wheels
rocked our likes it though he wants to
get on it all right all aboard get on
rock tard let him ride up for a minute
let him right over second he launched
his own bike hey or baby card push him
then doesn't see if he can steer alright
rocked are here we go no there's too
many bikes in the way oh man ladies and
gentlemen welcome to the insulated
spread the internal I've from Denver
Colorado coming up next we've got a
yesterday's vlog to the left a new
podcast to the right I think shaycarl
sleeping right now cuz i'm uploading the
vlog a little earlier than expected
who's that to left what is stupid weirdo
oh that's real mean to myself why did I
say that I've got confidence issues
alright so that's it I've got nothing
else to say to you besides thanks for
watching Shea and the family and myself
and everyone is really thankful that you
exist and you're special and unique just
like a snowflake don't melt down me all
right bye
