who's ready for another day of
educational learning not me says the not
smart girl because she didn't go to
school that's an angry face what do you
have for breakfast some toast toast what
are those those your homework or those
your Valentines
I thought you had Justin Bieber ones you
ready bro me and son tartar riding our
bikes to school ready dog let's go man
we're not no nope it's a busy road like
a rock face in the background over there
you doing
you could do that oh it looks silly
you're too big you're that leg zoom hang
out your legs would get caught in the
spokes and we'd get out your legs would
get all tangled up in the chain and we'd
never get to school on time
palm baby tarde right she knows baby
Jordan knows how it goes all right here
let's go we are riding to school son
it's about two miles I guess I don't
know this little morning ride for Sun
tart by rock tart
Hey bye-bye three leavin you can't come
with us
go with your mummy bye bye-bye
he doesn't want it bye-bye give your
brother kisses goodbye kisses what he's
given lots of kisses who a rock-cut kiss
yes kisses kisses rock-hard you can give
mommy kisses kisses no pictures from the
baby he's in mourning thing come on see
now get off the seat dude you can't
you're not yeah see we need this seat
higher you shouldn't be able to touch
the ground so whenever you want touch
the ground just get off the seat don't
try to touch the ground when you're sit
on the seat you won't be able to reach
and you're gonna fall off so always
remember that just go right to your feet
don't sit on the seat okay so try to
start out without sitting on the seat
what are you pissed about you don't get
a bike okay go good see Brad yeah bye
breath OH Oh sighs he doesn't exist but
I'm tired that's a big gay imagine if
big minute that's a big gay figment of
your imagination
hi Brad bye you say bye Brett said I
don't exist and I was saying rock card
he doesn't exist don't look at him and
then it was a big funny joke from their
baby Todd you are doing a very good job
how many do you have stacked in there so
hard
looks like eight you need more calendars
huh okay I'll get you some more here you
got it Oh see if you can get all of
these this is a pretty good stack you
think you can do all these child labor
oh snap oh yeah I kicked somebody's
calendar just kicked it okay start with
that one dude start stacking them in
their job keep it up listen I'm gonna
pay you a dollar 75 an hour for your
efforts okay is that a pretty good wage
you gotta start somewhere
my number my first job I got paid 425 an
hour you're getting a nickel if that no
401k
what what do you want I love you
all right love - I don't baby boy okay
stack them up and make sure they're all
stacked the same way you know what I
mean that's good yes like all of all of
the sticky stuff is up you're doing it
good job stack them all the exact same
way baby tizzle whoever's calendars this
is they're getting the stuffing
envelopes bye baby time here I come hey
we need to have more kids we can get an
assembly line going she's starting to be
efficient I know I'm so amazing mom have
you seen my stuffing skills lately
they're barred no and then rock cards
over here he's signing everyone it's
such a it's such a pain in the butt for
him he just gets so annoyed
rock hard oh no all right well somebody
sorry ma'am
this are my son draw on your face honey
a rock card drew on this one somebody's
gonna get this one whoever gets this one
has lucky yeah she got a mustache what's
her name of this girl what what's your
name if you're watching what's your name
Rock I gave you a mustache check it out
you grab this marker it was writing all
over hey keep your hands keep your mitts
off the goods bro okay so if you haven't
gotten your calendar yet they're coming
I'm sorry this was the last shipment
we've been waiting at the printers were
for the printers to get us these last
ones he is trying to be so helpful he
doesn't know what he's doing he's just
stacking them up that's what all babies
do good babies will always help a mother
and a father yes that's where I needed
it and then just wear some on your head
- that's perfect bro so helpful oh my
I'm gonna okay enough no listen here
I'll just climb right back up any the
buttmunch hey you guys it's another
beautiful moaning and the hair my
numbers read am I getting read numbers
yeah here we are
it's another beautiful day it's old
Daniel diamond areas in the morning he's
already on his phone calls for the day
he's got his coffee
pacing around out here I thought he does
whatever gets on a phone call he just
like paces around talking and talk and
check it out this is the new parking lot
for makers Studios a brand new offices
well I think I'm sure what we'll do is
we'll just Park people like straight
like see how this one's parked I'll
probably do a line yeah you guys we just
got a brand new office this is our
people yeah this but I guarantee you
this is where we'll build all of our
sets and everything really exciting
today I know this is our third office
too as a company I'm excited to see it
for the first time we get Danny Walker
all right den a diner what do you think
they'd explain it what we're gonna do
with all this crap well first of all we
have to soundproof it hello let go or
these will be our sound stages yes we
have a major project we're gonna build
out yeah I'm trying to figure out how to
reduce the echo yeah echo there can be
no in the parking garage in here you
guys
I like the echo so this is gonna be like
we're gonna build this out so it's two
separate sound stages like that big
green screen we have at our new office
is this gonna be like all the offices -
and then we're building out look at this
guy he's probably in charge of building
most of this where's our office ally we
got a guy called dibs
to get our own office you guys we gotta
take this shaycarl off one of these is
ours I don't know where we're gonna find
one where the tables are orange and the
labels orange these two ladies is that
you is that you rock hard yeah that's
you on the screen huh you vlogging you
gonna vlog oh that's when your sisters
stole the camera from you that's when
you're crying remember when you're asked
about that don't applaud yeah hey guys
you're going to Scouts here to like my
mom the weirdo if you have to except she
need help are you gonna wear that wait
where are your shorts it starts to we
had so much fun yesterday doing a little
vlog with an art project which is gonna
be out positive
why are you going side on Lincoln
where's the markers in all those
supplies I'll find them they do are you
gonna make me an art project okay how
about you bring me something cannibalize
something you love grandma Bardot hey
we're just gonna lay down and all the
crayons lay down on a bed of the things
we let you get away with okay so tonight
at scouts we're gonna be playing a
little kiss you know you've activity I
excited about that what it means is I
don't know any of the kids names so I
need to get to know them so we're going
to clean activity that will facilitate
and getting to know it's gonna be funner
than that all right hey hey hey it's a
weird dancer with an afro Oh
afro dancing King Queen okay at this
point I don't really know what I'm
talking about so I should probably show
you it's still rolling for some reason
I'm still rolling the camera what watch
it is it bath time I'm in the kitchen
ding dude I wouldn't do that if I were
you
well we sure clean in the floor sort of
laughs sort of what are you having a
good time at least you're having a good
time right yeah oh it's getting more
smarts and more smarter obvious
mother's very more smarter I'm various
more smarter than all of my children are
wart
J start talking it's rolling it's
recording and Slade distel what's up
world then the day another challenge
check out yesterday's vlog I went to day
storms new set of his new show it was a
lot of cool they let me break a TV with
a hammer raise your hand right now if
you've ever broken a TV with a hammer I
didn't think so it was a pretty cool and
it made a cool noise check out
yesterday's vlog if you're feeling lucky
click to the right on the lucky
leprechaun link the lucky leprechaun
wings it's a triple L score love you
guys thanks for watching as always
Hakuna Matata my homies see you tomorrow
I always as always a good of all the
rest of your day
