say
the share
oh what a beautiful morning hello
everybody we are here at day storms
house at a shoot that is a new shoot
that he's shooting the new shoot that
he's shooting it's a new few it's a
video it's a segment that's coming out I
think yeah I'm not sure you'll have to
stay tuned but he has a cool set in
there Rango check it out i'm here with
case love ear we're just chilling out on
this beautiful sunny day about to shoot
with DeStorm me and des are going to a
strength training program together
you're gonna do strength training
program prints box jumps shares files
Pratt with supply o moon plyometrics
moon squats oh I don't like any of that
I like just jogging like just like going
like this for an hour and a half it's
alright set what is the new show called
this is a show called upgrading Oh
rooted and look at this dude look at
this set nope how many dead TVs are we
having a baseball bats to the screen
know what I've learned that's really
cool well I've learned that if you hit
the TV who told me that then it just
stopped it slowly crackle down uh yeah
that's like when I got in a car wreck
one time I rolled my car and I remember
cuz it was like you know I'm getting a
car wreck and it's in slow motion I
remember seeing the glass like slowly
each glass all right we're on set we're
about to shoot when are you launching
this the 27th 27 February 27th check it
out day storms new channel links below
it's gonna be a new channel or on your
it's a new show new challenge a new show
on each its exact out my face a lock and
he gave me the freaking baby chair look
at this like mr. king he's got his lion
heads on here yeah I was at the crown
but I didn't want to go alright guys
check out day's new show it's awesome
all right we're about to break one of
these TVs they don't like how clean it
was going back on such little tap tap
huh little tap for hair they're
literally really like like dirty Carter
everybody out of the room
coolest thing ever I've never done that
Oh does it feel like y'all really cool
dude I broke one of your TVs I'm sorry
bro payback
oh wow that is really cool guys I'm
trying to be good but guess what that's
a lie I'm not trying to be good right
now because we're making cookies I love
it Leslie is being the most creative
person image that's a fox or this is the
one that I'm tired of like the most
here's my giraffe Freddie pet this was
supposed to be Batman but just looks
like a teddy bear power work don't tell
him hearts out girls or girls like
hearts yes just like a little fox dog
it's so much fun and I'm going to eat
these ones oh and don't judge me there's
good old Petey I need something to say
grab the camera return the dog is better
so that I had to hustle and find the
batteries that I've had in my purse
but not complaining is not like their
whole lives aren't wrong so we'll get it
again sorry I thought you got away
there's little baby child over there
sucking her thumb still such a little
jumping bean and she had to wear her
little ballet skirt today and there are
some just second of all that's cheating
there we go the pretty princess gymnast
diva is ready for her debut walk of fame
on the green carpet
do something
good job baby girl so I missed the
beginning there the cameras wigging out
on me I gotta say I have probably one of
the best Bill Cosby impersonations out
there I am driving in a Mini Cooper why
am I in a mini confirmed because Ali
took my truck we had to get the last
guys are the acoustics in here music in
the moonlight
anyway so the last of the calendars we
just got the last shipment from the
printers I apologize if there's any of
you out there who have not gotten your
calendar yet I promise you it will be
shipped in the next three to four days
depending on how long it takes the post
to get to you I don't know but I
guarantee you in the next three days in
the next three days for sure your
calendar will be shipped we have the
last of them and Ali just took my truck
to go pick up the last seven I'm driving
her car home from the office okay so I
promise your calendars coming soon I
love you guys let's go home and see I
love you I said I love you guys don't
pass oh honey guys okay
Oh guys that's how I usually like in
let me guess but I wanna go home I
didn't see them oh man the kids are
doing he's ready you should go home and
see what's for dinner we're guy seats
for dinner we guys want for dinner don't
want something try to be helpful waiting
there to stop liked it and ready to go
look at the look at the sunset I love
the palm trees there's like the palm
trees
there's taxi hi taxi that cause I woke
up in a really bad mood this morning you
ever do that wake up in a bad mood and
then I thought how do I get in a good
mood just let me give you a little tip a
little heads-up on something that I do
the LA Times I'll forget but then I'll
like remember that is a tactic that I
have to get myself in a better mood
want me to tell you what it is if you
have the time some type you don't have
time to do this but try this it really
helps if you're in a bad mood you wake
up in a bad mood or you're just grumpy
clean something trust me on this get up
I know it's easier to sit there it's
easier to just be in a bad mood on your
couch but if you will get up maybe if
it's a nice weather open some windows
get some oxygen turn on some music and
clean your living quarters your room
your closet whatever this morning I was
so I went in the garage to get me a
coconut water because that's where I
keep them in the garage of my hydration
station and I looked at the garage is
like this place is a disaster
so I spent time and I cleaned the garage
and I listened to music on my headphones
as I was doing it and I felt amazing
afterwards it's like there that looks
good and you just feel like this sense
of like you know what I mean like
everything's straight and you don't you
feel at least like you can you know and
you feel so stressed out there's so much
stuff going on if you just clean up the
area around you right
I promise you you will feel better try
it nor does it work sure how do you know
you haven't tried it serious your room
your desk your closet your car it
doesn't have to be like your whole house
it could be your notebook your wallet do
you have a wallet that has like George
Costanza syndrome where you have 800
things in your wallet receipts old cards
old things you're like I'm gonna use
this i'm gonna use this free hug one day
do you have stuff like that in your
wallet that's making your back bad i do
that like every six months you got to go
through and eat junk your wallet
something anything
maybe your car your wallet anything just
clean it out straighten it up and i
promise you it'll put you in a better
mood if you had music and fresh air it's
gonna help and smile along the way
physiology we've talked about that
mislead us girls are going to be i'm
vlogging sorry okay bye clean your rooms
right now are you're grounded by
valentines
valentines where's mine did I get one I
better have one nice from Brailey Touche
what is in here Oh happy Valentine's
love you my as an S Valentine's
Valentines the money Valentines what
good times these are these Valentine's
so romantic these times they're the
balanus tough times hey Carly who are
you picking on the space she is speaking
of Valentine's are you picking on your
Bachelorette nobody sent me roses he did
where are the roses that your room who
is it whose empty
what are they gonna find out Jason John
Jacob never has it all Jason all right
it's a school night let's go move it
Nino's let's los angeles for you i'll
tell you what every two seconds there's
some tragedy going on boy oh boy
yeah I'm gonna mean once today shopping
in an intersection for fire engines I
don't know where they're going
it's kind of it's like it's a weird like
it's crazy because everybody stops and
looks around as you hear the sirens and
it's like are they coming from where
they coming from Italy and then you see
them and and it's cool how they work
together to they always one of them will
come into the intersection and block
while the other one cops do that a lot
I've seen like the cops will come out
and block the intersection while the
other cops like race through if they're
chasing somebody any who's always makes
me think like somebody in this world
right now that they're going to is
having a very different night yeah
absolutely I mean yeah you feel like
pray for those people wherever those
ambulance and fire things are going as
well Sun turn what are you doing what
you doing homework do a little extra
curricular activity huh
what is it let me see what does it do it
yourself plug your questions
writing down embarrassing secrets are
better now right now there's this thing
called the scoop on your classmates the
person you trust to keep a secret
my friend Hendrik the person you'd be a
good roommate in college cause he's very
intelligent he is really smart
oh it's a tail is all this time stay out
of my diary usually it's the other way
around all right like the boys looking
through the sister's diary nning breaks
the locket and says if you have a crush
on Bobby Thompson from a crisis dream
don't you dare tell Bobby Jon I don't
know what's going on anyways check out
yesterday's vlog mom it's hard why do
you Spink our children please please
stop beating them mommy tard stop for
the children I believe the children not
a future I believe just let them bleed
wait I just still hurt
