so
- the things a pastor his whole family
okay yo yo what's up what's up and we
are here it's the podcast mommy tardes
in a bad mood we always have to move the
garbage can every day crappy company I
steer lock my car I can't shake you
thanks babes it's trash day so whenever
I parks you like that's a parking spot
but all the trash cans are in the way I
have to like move people's trash cans in
order to park I hope you guys watch our
podcasts links below we do two a week we
upload them everyone why am i whispering
remember the movie Land Before Time I
found what were those little they called
the little leaves green stars when they
found that Green Valley I was so happy
and they jumped in the water and Gus
remember that big dinosaur he's like I
was like I'll have so satisfying as a
kid I was like yes they made it I'm so
happy they didn't even know if it
existed they were struggling
they believed that optimism that's what
got those little dinosaurs that
deliciousness we should know that we are
in our workout clothes because after
this we are gonna go to the gym together
and we're gonna lift weights that we're
gonna do it's kind of like me and mommy
stayed together because we have the
podcast and then we don't have much else
so we usually do our shopping and just
whatever else do want to do together as
a couple we have to go pick up the
stupid branch and then our day is ruined
but anyways before that we get to be
together so we're gonna go workout at
the gym okay we just got done doing our
podcast era maker studios moment over
wrath on that on the board and there is
Patricia I just want to see she'll give
you a little tour if you've never seen
here's where we do our podcast I love
the light here's our board stuff that we
talked about on the podcast on the wtk
GTS and then when you come
these doors you want to see something
cool an artifact of YouTube knows what
this is from anybody recognize this guy
Adolf Hitler in a carbonite bath hello
check this out look at those palm trees
it's kind of hard not like in living in
California sweather is hurting your
giuse it's pretty geared just so we're
just done eating this you were funny
today
some days I'm doing all the funny but
today you had some of the funny I
usually hog up all the funny and kind of
like a funny hog sometimes buddy but
today you had you nibbled off quite a
bit of the funny here you're a funny
nibbler I like this
check out these bushes it's like a whole
wall of bushes it's not the UPS guy oh
you bet to do with well they bet yeah
you did mom we've heard sideswipe the
UPS man shake has totally missed a prime
opportunity
camera crew with us all the time he was
driving and he was parked at a stop sign
I can't driving he was at a stoplight
and he looked over there's this guy
waiting for his car to be finished or
something and I like blew him a kiss and
the guy like looked at me he was about
to wave me but then he didn't so then I
looked at my own yangshin guy said like
work with the maker and I was gonna be
like you know what's up bro ya you know
cuz it had been like oh hey Shay you
know but just being fired I wasn't that
guy sorry I thought you were somebody
else he's just sitting there feeling all
weird anyway I got a kick out of it you
guys should have been married so here we
are at the gym you ready I mean you're
gonna go work out together what time is
it what time is it seriously
what time is it it's like 140 how long
are we gonna work out I want a time
commitment oh I don't know how long
we're gonna lift how long do you want to
look let's lift together okay okay I
want let's stay together in there stick
together no matter what happens stick
together an hour lifting k so let's
commit I want you to commit to me will
you commit to working out under percent
lets me and you commit to giving it a
hundred and ten percent why you think
people have the other ten percent let's
work out as hard as we can I can get my
belly
mommy tards are hungry what's the term
it's hungry and angry is a hungry angry
and hungry very hungry hungry you know
cuz when you're hungry you're more prone
to be angry and so when you're hungry
and angry at the same time you're hot
that's what Mommy tardes she's how
all right let's go pump some iron
meaning we're gonna pump some iron guys
it's tough one let's go doo-doo-doo-doo
to do this is what I have to stare at
this is my view I have to stare up her
nose how many of you watching this that
ever like lay down on a bench and said
okay let's assume I think you know so
you're gonna put it put it like to do it
I'm a really wonky up two knuckles G
right and then move it straight up
I'm the best film you if you have hard
time just do it yourself in here
can't hear you Coldplay singing all of
those ones that she's ever made one like
poster and we should make a poster yeah
that would be hilarious
lions and tigers and bears oh my
lions and tigers lions so I'm tired what
did you what did you sign up for today
at school Rock start what is rock rock
sir is a thing where you get to play an
instrument and you actually get to
perform you actually have a band and you
can have the fooled by my friend school
abroad my friend he's he sent him and
his bands they practice he's a rock star
and him and his band practice and they
want to go play and Hollywood in a
theatre no way that's pretty cool after
school excited than he was I was like
paper-rock-scissors between three of you
no dude she just beat both of you
because you are both best I don't know I
would say cuz it's pretty impossible for
one person to beat two people in one
hand Abraxas centered listen guess who's
next
guess who's the mastering commander of
the tundra front seat and
what's the role who made the rule don't
know you have to do best two out of
three you had to do three here's the
other rule that supersedes that rule if
you don't say best two out of three
before then it doesn't count you always
have to say it before because that means
you're just being a poor loser because
if you lost and then you say best two
out of three because if you would have
won would you say best two out of three
no you'd say I want a good front seat so
think about it like that sucker rarely
gets front faces
what if you would have won what if you
were the one would you say best two out
of three I'm asking you that right now
what if you were rock and she was
scissors and she was scissors would you
say best two out of three or would you
take the front seat you would that's
hard to know but that is the rule right
guys if you're gonna do best to ask me
you gotta call it first before the I
mean it's not always best to edit food
that's not a rule we usually always do
with two out of three usually like you
and I we usually do it because we have
established that rule a long time ago
but how are we doing 300 I usually wait
and say like okay here I have an idea I
have an idea
my wife sitting in the front seat and
you guys are all sitting in the back
thing about being a parent you get to
decide what goes on yeah love it here we
are on the Los Angeles River this thing
goes straight on out to the ocean I'll
show you guys as we travel we are
traveling on the Los Angeles River and
it goes directly out to the ocean
hopefully not polluting the entire
waterways of the earth and me and Sun
tartar here on his new bike getting them
out getting them active we have some
exciting news that are it's gonna start
a new weight-loss program
Sentara chimeric rebuttal over here boy
how're you liking your new bike it's
awesome isn't this a cool road can you
go so much faster now that you have
gears vide our crew just kind of walk
down
and just reminisce yeah but listen this
thing goes out for a long way so you
were gonna kind of be doing that on your
bike as you ride this thing goes like 2
or 3 miles so we can but like let's just
keep writing it all the way out to the
ocean okay yeah we're gonna write this
straight out to the ocean
okay let's go man cruise up with it
shift into a high gear let's see that I
want to see your top speed let's try to
get up to almost 20 miles an hour if we
can in the month of February okay we'll
just do it on this tail off watch I did
good without people coming up here okay
so you guys want to check it out me and
Sontag we're gonna do it together I want
to lose another 10 pounds before the
marathon which is March 18th because
right now I'm hovering right around 180
to 184 the marathon I want to be at 170
because I figure the lighter I am the
better it will be like on my knees and
joints and stuff so I want to lose 10
more pounds in the month of February so
me and site are gonna do it together so
you guys want to check it out on my she
locks Channel
we're gonna be go do it over there okay
then keep it up how's that bike felon
we're in it we're gonna get at least ten
miles in today because to this bridge is
about five and we'll double it up teens
go more than that how you feeling
talk to me talk to me about your legs
and lungs yeah that's one thing we're
gonna have to get used to your butt has
to get used to the scene all right we're
at on the road
that's the ocean so nice
alright sundar here we go me and you man
we're gonna do it together we're a team
they did let's see it we get those legs
going
we're going almost 15 miles an hour
14-point tail so I'm excited to be
losing weight with my son it's a cool
cool thing we're be a team together it's
not necessarily about losing weight
we're just getting active and doing
stuff together but this is awesome
I'll riding our bikes where I started
doing rinks together we talked about
getting rollerblades let me start
rollerblading on the boardwalk together
so we might be doing some of that
goddess so pretty somebody asked if it
feels like I do have an advantage you
know like living on the coast and I
gotta say that yes it is a giant
advantage because it is so pretty and
you get sunsets like this and it just
it's cool I mean it's ah January and
we're out here in shorts experiencing
this beautifulness so the gentle breeze
of the horizon but then all sudden a
tornado of fury and aggression comes
barreling down the path all those are
legs are steel as he cruises onto the
horizon it's the one the only mr. man
the buck or I don't know what I'm
talking about huh hey senator we should
do that man we should get a canoe or a
robo when that'd be fun
getting out there on the water that'd be
a blast that's peaceful huh get a good
workout man these rocks they all stack
on top of each other
somebody just sits here and stacked
these rocks apparently it's like some
homeless guy he comes down here yeah
isn't that crazy just stacked them up
all day long
down here it's like they're like little
tribe of dudes that one has like a spear
wow that's cool and then there's another
homeless guy that comes and knocks them
all down so one guy comes and said small
oh it's pretty neat though takes a lot
of time this you know balance
rocks on top of each other we are the
rock people we watch the shores that's
right man
how's that Phil we're halfway there
that's five miles it's only five miles
that also I have been known to say that
this is the best gym I mean the beach is
the best gym I've ever been to so wolf
this is where I've probably left like 80
pounds of myself this coast up and down
this Beach whether it's on my bike or
running in a sand boardwalk surfing
majority of the weight loss has been
right down here had a little sentimental
sentimentality to this area we got to
head back
yeah the Sun setting all right check it
out
it's a gorgeous sunset it's the planes
launched off in the distance from LAX oh
and then che palle him in a biker
tripped over music watch where you going
bro and shades like no you watched out
and Sun Tardos like no dad don't
it's not worth it and then a volcano
erupted and everyone said I'm fired but
then everyone was ok on the end all
right so yesterday's vlog so left Rock
tarde is going crazy if you haven't seen
that one it's my favorite one in a while
also Katy let's the right talking about
working out healthy lifestyle all that
I've been trying to do myself but it's
hard to ride a bike while editing I
almost got in a crash all right that's
it I'll talk to you guys later make sure
to check out the videos right now she is
on set filming with someone special he's
a youtuber and he's awesome and he also
raps so maybe you can figure that one
out all right I'll talk to you guys
later bye it's been fun what Oh No
