sundered says he's trying to pop his
eyes are you you're practicing is that
your your I'm dying
Billy well I just got back from run
I ran almost 5 miles not as much as I
wanted to but that's the longest I've
run ever really maybe not ever but in a
long time anyways I'm not quite like
26.2 miles but maybe someday I'll get
there it's the big shoe parade everybody
welcome to the shaggy big ship parade
sorry baby tired and their hippie let
she is she's got a braids in her hair
and a scarf on her neck she's that
pretty pink showed princess are you the
priest pink princess answer me no one
passes this game unless there's a pretty
king only the pretty shoe pick what it
was a pretty what I said are you
princess hey guys ready to go I'm gonna
do some shopping you gotta go buy some
stuff for our faces whatever we want to
put out or what worse
here's hungry so we might grab me like a
Costco hot dog huh what about a Costco
dog that's not very healthy actually
trying to eat healthy I don't know there
are Casey studies
sorry ok well I guess mom's in charge we
do what mom says
yes know what I mean chicken wings yeah
she has all better eat like at least a
half a pound a piece okay princess tart
how many hot wings can you put away to
two pounds or just two they sell
hallways at your school no way with a
grant they felt like he saw
cheeseburgers I love cheeseburgers all
right let's go I'm starving - I ran 90
miles today check out my new she lost
video links below what's it called
somebody pardon we tried to find out who
did it and then we asked Rob and he goes
I did Proctor was it you did you fart
yeah over the floor - fart rock guard
with a you think are it was him
speaking of my last shayloss video I was
talking about a concept of fighting like
so I just was earlier to them we cut to
this instance in my vehicle you know
being able to fight yourself from a year
ago do you think you'll be able to beat
yourself up
other than the point of like you know
actually let the weirdness of like
hiding yourself as a clean
you could but you know cuz we kind of go
in varying degrees of that as people
where we're better people at certain
times of our life do you ever maybe once
upon a time you used to do this thing
that was so great or yeah I used to
complain the guitar or I used to do this
great thing you know at different levels
of your life you have like you know been
better or whatever ask yourself that
question what are those things that you
used to be better at that you maybe
couldn't pick back up here's nothing
I've learned too as I used to think what
good used to me you well what do you say
I used to think or say to myself it's
all about motivation it's all about
matter futures to do it well I mean I
still say that but I was listening just
the other day Stephen Covey seven Habits
of Highly Effective People in him
talking about we don't really decide
anything that happens in our lives when
we say that oh I have control over
anything that happens to me that's not
necessarily true because what really
changes our lives is applying the proper
principles that will bring the results
that you desire Roger I'm trying to take
something here Jeepers Creepers what I
mean by principles is like what are the
principles that you must apply if you
wanted for instance chocolate chip
cookies delicious soft yummy moist
chocolate chip cookies there's certain
things that you have to do to get those
chocolate chip cookies the principles
are you have to you know mix the right
ingredients and the right ball and you
have to put them out and you've given a
pan and a hot thing you have to do all
these things but if you want warm
delicious chocolate chip cookies you
have to take these steps before you get
those cookies or you know what you still
have somebody else
go to the bakery but you have to do
something you know there's a there's
certain things you have to do that's
like losing weight or making money or
being successful with your family by
being with your being a good parent
being with your children it's all about
applying these principles that bring the
desired results as far as like I want to
lose weight I want to feel good around
my body I feel healthy what are those
desired results you want all you have to
do is implement the principles that will
bring you those desired results and
they're proven that's the great thing is
they're proven like every recipe of
making chocolate chip cookies if you do
it how the recipe says you will get
delicious chocolate chip cookies every
single time because it's a proven recipe
that's why I always say like if you just
pick any weight loss program out there
almost any of them you'll lose weight as
long as you do it apply those principles
so that's where it's different where
it's like you choose what happens in
your life but only if only as much as
you choose to apply those principles
that will give you the desired results
that you want this is turning into a
show last video we're going shopping for
Valentine's for the kids we buy some
cookies all this warm moist chocolate
chip cookies give me I'm the first guy
to sign up give me a cold glass of milk
I'm ready to go to town oh so that's all
I'm talking about is applying the
principles that will bring you the
desired result what do you want simple
as that and then are you willing to do
because even like we're all wanting to
run a marathon are you willing to do
what it takes to get those things and a
lot of people are a lot of people aren't
willing to do what it takes to lose
weight and to be successful and to have
good relationships because they're not
willing to apply those principles that
sometimes aren't easy matter of fact we
you know and it's hard to change and
it's hard to implement those things that
will bring us those change because that
means a lot of times we have to be an
adult we have to stop taking everything
that we want immediately because you
have to make change and nobody likes
change ok whatever we're going bye
ladies Rock card here you blogs
take the camera it's yours take it take
it you talk
say something say my name rock tart and
I want to be heard so I have opinions on
things too and if nobody was holding
that all by himself we need a camera he
is free with his face perfectly that is
hilarious
hey show me film me can you show dad
like turn the camera myself thank you
very much I that needs your help the
boxes baby we're going right here go by
sent art a bike okay me and sunt are
gonna start going on bike rides I told
him on the along the LA River I found a
nice little like four mile stretch of LA
River but he needs a new bike that has
gears because I'm not gonna go on a bike
ride if he can't keep up with me cuz he
has this little BMX that we got him like
two years ago but he needs a bike that
he can actually shift and keep up with
me you think man you like that come here
try to shift the gears you guys remember
when we taught son tard how to learn to
ride a bike in the alleyway of our old
house so the secret is you have to keep
pedaling you have to pedal fast cuz if
you stop pedaling you'll fall over okay
I am so proud his first frickin try and
he does it
job said time hey you remember that
number when we taught him together how
to ride a bike isn't that crazy can you
shift twist you at the top at the top of
the handlebars here come here let me
show you bro okay let's see pedal fast
see how it felt that feels weird now
that you have like it's a different gear
now grab that gear and yeah pull it
twist it twist it hard and pedal as you
as you pedal you have to yeah as you
twist you have to pedal wah hah can't
spit it out can't vlog and talk at the
same time here come here let me show you
abreast if there you go keep pedaling
though you have to pedal as you switch
the years because the pet as you pedal
it'll switch the years for you good you
feel that just play around with it you
feel how it changes now it's harder good
then you go fast or lock it into
overdrive mode nice broseph he's got her
to think he's got it by job you gotta
move your feet if you want it to move
this is not motor powder dude
motor powders what bike is motor powder
I don't know but um we're bike shopping
hey you got to put your feet on the
pedals and go I know it's hard
come on let me tell you put your foot
you're barely dude short now push
well hey sis get out of my Road that's
cute
a little castle place push money to some
to ride a bike hey what do you do in
writing that's a pretty bike you have a
bike have you ridden your bike this year
yet turn the camera we're riding our
bikes seriously alright who remembers
this we're giving out Valentines for the
class Princess heard what kind of gonna
get she just said okay she said I'll get
Justin Bieber for the girls who would
you get for the boys if you got Justin
Bieber for the girls no matter what boys
or girls they don't get to choose are
you gonna get Justin Bieber for
everybody so now the boys have to get
Justin Bieber - yeah somebody thought
Justin Bieber was inside that box
so they ripped it open to see if he was
in there when you're getting France s
for someone's face is looking a little
red lights your face red
he's buying - Valentine's Day presents
sundered you gotta pick which one do you
love more you can't you got you're
doubling up so what this is for
everybody in the class and then you have
two nice ones just for your special
crushes is that how we're working okay
you have to pick dude you can't pick -
that's - time when you have to pick one
special person so what are their names
again just Giselle and Sophia okay so
which one you picking
oh snap or Giselle got cut their yard
Gisele there's you're sitting on the
rock hard you got any girlfriends
what are we gonna get each other let's
let's say that this you're not getting
each other anything
you bought me something you know it's $8
okay good all right you guys got enough
candy enough crap you feel like you're
loved do you feel like we love you
enough let you celebrate this holiday
okay good that's not my kid my kid would
be crawling around like he's trapped in
you look like you're strapped into a
f-16 dude are you about ready to go on a
rollercoaster charge
oh you don't like being strapped in not
feeling the strap Ignace what are you
singing dude what song is that never
seen ever do you like him with his
glasses on princess turn yes you like
him with the glasses yeah dude
can't leave you like Justin Bieber he
eats raw fish he eats sardines did you
open this watch
yeah oh we're such a good example
violence is always funny yes with a
sword let's go baby tired were you mad
that I gave rocked heard that so he
could hit you in the head with it
yeah did you want one so that you can
hit him in the head with it yeah what
are we doing tonight right now we are
watching TV and we're making an in
Slayer yeah tell everybody to go what
click on our video from yesterday click
on our video from yesterday and say go
watch me be super cute
watch me be a super cute say super cute
thank you yeah I'm the cutest of all the
kids hyung guys I'm Keydets of Advocates
hi guys say everybody leave it in the
comments and say baby turns the cutest
kid in the car ingeras I thank you knit
kitties pig okay see you guys tomorrow
click on a video click on the video
