say
the share
Oh morning headstand my headstand
rollover yeah are you doing your morning
exercises
those are baby exercises for morning
times Ohio this exam where you call me
no that's not safe I know that you want
to be just like your dad
okay what do we just sign you up for oh
sorry
what's rock star who are you acting like
you're still asleep about you Petey who
are you you're beautiful as always
are you excited for your school day
today
why not
but homework is is nourishing to your
brain but your nourishment and starkness
no no I'm to be smart okay well let's
just drop out of school then are you
like excited got a skull brother go
ahead look spread ahead for life oh yeah
yeah prentice-hall I thought of those I
thought that's how I have to turn the
camera on myself
Oh cuz I look like this ah I'm scary
seriously princess hard are you excited
to go to school yes I love school -
don't tell it's a story
you guys have a gallon kind of like so
today I am working out you guys have
something on your face
seriously you need to work on them let
me help you okay did I fix it any better
anyways I'm working out and I'm working
out at home today first of all I have to
clean up this mess that the children
have so joyfully left here for me to
clean up so that I can have room to work
out and today I'm doing an old old this
is actually the very first turbo kick
DVD when I first became an instructor
and it's around 34 so as a while ago I
think they're on in the 50s or 60s now
anyways I miss it so much so today I'm
doing a very old round of turbo kick and
I think that I might start teaching
again but I don't really have time to do
that but it's I miss it so much I miss
it so much it's fun anyways today we're
doing turbo kit guys this is my
collection I've got all the rounds 36
until like 43 huh huh rock card whoa
those are cool cars man do you want to
do a turbo kick with me Juan do some
kickboxing no wow you're gonna regret it
because it will make your body so bucks
man
ridiculously adorable how did you get so
adorable just finished my workout I come
downstairs and it looks like somebody
was mad at me because I was working out
Rock chart always yells at me when I'm
working out because he doesn't want me
to work out he wants me to pay attention
to him so he sent me a booby-trap look
he didn't hide the evidence though empty
bottle of soap dun dun dun look he was
trying to make me slip on this soap and
my new that was a new bottle so it was
both gotta love them terrible twos
they're the best I'm gonna go call him
out on it I can't believe that he would
set me a booby trap rocked hard I mean
Sam oh really
does it have poison in it are you
setting traps for me too hey they're out
to get me
thank you rubs hard I have a bone to
pick with you young man mister I'm
hiding in the drawer what are you doing
are you brewing a concoction yeah no
yeah right I don't believe you look into
my eyes move it look the camera's
bedazzled it has lots of stickers that's
how I can tell my camera from Shea's hey
dude guilty huh
that's it baby booby trapping day that's
what happened to me I should work out at
home the conspiracy continues what's
this supposed to be rock hard
oh really they're gonna mess with the
buttons - so I won't be able to fix them
later
hey I gotta flip the switch Iyanla Jimmy
whopping yeah no you guys you seriously
right now are you in your terrible twos
you're not even two yet I see that baby
chart didn't hear her okay so she was
like three and even then it was only for
like five minutes
yeah you want to watch what look at you
you could stay home watch TV and hang
out with that you just love it okay you
can do all of those things if you can do
me one favor
can you do me one favor keep your hands
away from your face
maybe tarts hilarious anyways yeah baby
tried to do the hair her terrible - so
she was laughing and now rocked her what
we mean by terrible twos is it's
climbing on things throwing fits he's
screaming he's throwing food he's
dumping soap out he's just like once you
clean up one mess he's already made
another one yeah you know what through
all of it Robert I still love you yeah I
still do what are you doing okay okay
you're going to work okay go make us
some money all right go make some money
to buy some new soap since you made a
huge mess all over the floor can you do
that yes no well we need more soap so we
can scrub your little heads what my
dirty mom rude all right never have too
much royal charts on it I turn the
camera away from you and you throw a fit
it's your problem
you little baby few battles right all
right
see you later bro bye I have a good trip
I have a good trip
Oh bye I love yes love you better did
bye David hurt are you doing a good job
so far is your hands away from your face
good job keep those thumbs out or drop
no fees oh you're addicted
it's a resisting I scratched it well
that's because it was in your face like
this we're gonna have to have an
intervention guys will you join me on
this intervention maybe turn okay your
thumb is not a sucking device let's cut
it off no you heard it bugs she's ready
to cut her thumb off let's all right
this is the stance this is the pre-game
butt crack we getting ready to drag to
come out onto the field rock hard
what you doing dude they're just seat
zayats it for now on your balance Eman
with a ball all right so what are we
doing who's getting ready to rumble oh
crap Casey you didn't get the v-neck
memo the Volcom v-neck memo Casey Brady
of the New England Patriots going out of
the Ville Casey oh my goodness gracious
those these are huge hold one up there
that's like if you can wait that's
that's a KFC size and yes
as big as my elbow
where are the children there's one
there's one children hi baby boy what
you doing
hey baby girl and that girl number two
you we no no no no that's not how you
make them that's not my makeup we're
making in my gland
roll they call it funeral potatoes it's
like potatoes mixed with like chicken
and mushroom cream of mushroom soup and
cheese and it's like this whole potato
goulash we're not forget funeral videos
because most people will bring them to
people and it's comfort there is making
that and we're making some pork chops
and Casey's bringing wings and we're
going to have chips dip and asparagus
Nasser artichokes just lot of stock I'm
sure you want to hear the whole list and
then for dessert is check some money
buddies it's gonna be so good well
purchase just potatoes they're frozen
though that's why they're chopping up
the tomatoes from the camera only make
these so that the people don't even
these potatoes don't see my children
spitting in the hay putting around and
stuff in the potatoes hey guys if you
get a great in your bike it was rock
arts part of the recipe just so you know
hey I mean by the time you see this we
will know who have already won and all
of that stuff so isn't that fun that you
guys know what I don't know now but I'm
going to know before you know that I
don't know hey wait wait what is the
Super Bowl it's uh a football right you
guys know who's playing
is the best guy ever yeah that's one of
them anything
you don't know Jenny but he's the best
guy ever
Hey all right guys we gotta go watch the
Super Bowl game I guess Ryan from
England's gonna be my guys that was the
Super Bowl there's the dishes check I'm
plenty of this there's the chicken
missions dozens need to soak for their
stick and the kitchen is clean now
shiny table to your class ever let me
have a glass table it's awful with kids
there's no great sweet love the poor Tom
Brady just lost a Superman well poor Tom
Brady but Eli Manning one young man is a
very happy young man and we realized
today that he looks like guess who he
looks like right now
who does he look like he's a youtuber
Dax flame doesn't think about it
put them together crap dude do a
comparison breath then go watch Dax
flame his videos very correct if you
think it looks like Tom Brady's not
surprised I'm sad people today well I
would I can't believe I pulled it out I
was I was kind of rooting for the
Patriots actually but Eli once again he
does it so you got to give
- I wins another suit now he has won
more than his brother we a new Payton
ton tard are you naked what did you do
you have any homework yes he's a good
boy he's gonna brush his teeth right
Richie yeah dad I will be a good boy
yeah awesome
say prayers wait I still have more to
say about the Super Bowl okay
I don't know everything about football
I'm really flattered girls four years
ago didn't the Giants play and not good
no this is the same one they won they
beat not suitable or that's when Obama
was voted into office yeah so the
superstition is if you don't want to
llama vote it in again and the Patriots
were supposed to win
so Obama say Obama oh who told you that
according to superstitiousness who made
this daddy oh my dad his text uneasy I
haven't see the best job I don't see
what you took and the best
daughter-in-law admit it so Obama's
gonna be voted in again good yeah that's
the superstition coming guys I'm gonna
do with it if you're superstitious
person can they not girl come downstairs
it's time to say good night to the Super
Bowl
say good night advertising why are you
doing commercial hey shake ya you've
recently you want to leave a message or
anything oh yes man I'm tired we're so
inspired by this large
tomorrow
I can't wait do I have to find fresh air
I'll do it
