oh yeah sure you are you in the food
vortex in Super Bowl Sunday
look at these guys oh yeah they're so
good and I made potatoes look
everybody's too full we both came out a
little bit where they're disgusting who
knows for instance there's a mommy turn
by a phone look how big this chicken
wing that is a big chicken
okay see babies they're so good you're
buying me a new one
hey now you're gonna eat my iPhone - you
guys watching someone's right now as we
speak right now my favorite thing about
the Super Bowl this year was all the
tweening specifically from the michael
buckley i was laughing at every - anyway
all the tweeting and the Super Bowl
halftime show let's be honest now how
many dogs I've been in commercials oh
there's a lot of clean up as you guys
see the Great Dane one I don't know
which were being one where I was like he
was like covering up a burger eating
burgers the cat anyway I think what we
need to do is me to get Malachi an agent
so he could do next year's super 28
Amalekites
yes he needs to pull his weight around
here people are starting a concern do
you like hey are you jealous hey party
are you guys having a Super Bowl fun
time a Super Bowl party so we are
definitely eating too much I ran 35
miles today
hashtag my diet starts tomorrow with
majesty I will cry
away I don't want to miss this I don't
want to miss Tom Brady are you wait
we're much Lukey
honey I don't I what can I want you want
to go upstairs no okay let's just end
the video
dude we got one who's still okay yeah
why are you yelling Shay what just
happened football you gotta Yellin
football ah I don't get it
wait so the blue helmets beat the gray
helmets helmets beat the blue and red
helmets meet the other blue lights to
glance to do better on this game at all
or do better in children mommy taught
you the Eli Danny would cause economical
massages for a month a month of well
it's official all right we'll take
Sunday
good job Giants
