so
- the things a pastor his whole family
I'm warning you to you it's like a bite
out on the wrong part of the hooker
neckline it up oh nice crown nice crown
what does your shirt say today is long
or not a lot of it today is a busy day
we're filming a lot of things well I'm
filming a lot of things I don't know
what she is doing but I've dealt me a
lot and I'm ready to go back to bed oh
one of those days I just want to sleep
oh geez I want a bunch of guided jinx
you made em oh that wasn't a natural
chain of events that was really sweet at
first and now it's all turned into
torture are you being mean
hey that does not go there hi you guys
best buds would you guys say that you
spend a lot of time together
hey his baby tried your best bud is your
best bud these two spend a lot of time
together
Oh darlin Oh darlin how are you I'm good
hey thanks for asking
I'm just getting ready to go on into the
office to make some videos fairly
accurate impression once you once you
run you can run ready
once you hear
crazy man come check out this hotness
there's some major hotness in here you
guys I gotta tell you right now there
was skill today you will what'd you
study tell me everything we learned that
a long time ago that black and white
cannot go together and then we learned
about what do you mean black and white
couldn't go together like zebras know
like what why cuz people just thought
that black people should it go to waste
why do they think that River it's hard
you know why they thought that pretty
that's pretty dumb thing to think that's
thing and then there's a story about
this little girl's name was Ruby of
Reagan's I think geez it was a brown
skinned girl she had to go with
bodyguards because people when she was
going to a white person school but she
she could have said she didn't want to
go but she wanted to be brave like she
wanted to go to the white school even
though she was it was a segregated
schools called session gage segregation
segregation and she had to go with
bodyguards because there were stones at
her yeah I think we should have it that
way or something we should you have a
how it is and then like she went in the
school and like all the kids went out
like the parents took their children and
came out but she stayed there till
second grade and she was the only
student and she thought she didn't
really get what's up babe right
Valentine's isn't even after a changes
subject on you there's chocolate coming
up Marikina hey do you have a Valentine
are there any boys in your class that
you like yeah what's his name Vontae oh
my butt tell you that's a trail I try
you I try my tail what an interesting
name is he cute is he handsome boy Sun
tarts you don't I want you to watch out
for Mateos I'm tired okay well here at
school listen you guys I don't want
anybody kissing anybody for Valentine's
Day you understand me thank you so much
love you at the cost oh we gotta get
some fruit we're gonna get some fruit
fruits of a giant truck what's this
libro de amor Mon that's funny
so we are here getting some fruit and
stuff me and just the rock face Magilla
facing his name's to me hey I'm coming
you need to you need to learn to
patience bro let's exercise some of it
today he's kind of in a grumpy mood the
frowny face by yourself daddy found you
smile let's turn upside down bro hey you
want one side to one side we'll put some
fruit why new bring your car alright
let's go see if we can get these shoes
in his attitude like these shoes let's
get his attitude a little cooler cuz
these shoes await who will roll I like
it
check out the moms doing some new pants
easing the grumpy mood today easy on the
slates their mommy Tosh your mother just
opened the Doritos well that's what you
get for wearing high heels inside the
walk-in freezer
tired
you got really close to my face are you
trying to find it cuz you'll find him
he'll find them him Jim is the boy with
eating of the Dorito we have to get that
300 hands go ahead and lot up pretty
Easter dresses I think mommy tart is
falling into the temptation prepared I'm
walking in this bra and this is what I
see everybody stops and
throwing showing showing no dog rock
cards sing do you think the kids was
singing remember this is kids oh he's
like traveling my brothers and sisters
is my turn all right it's just about a
nuff obnoxiously hello is this shade Cal
are you satisfied with your phone
service yes sir because I can provide
you
today I need every act up well we're
still proud of you all right I'll talk
to you later sure have fun tell Kay said
say hello
bye
