hey hey rock-hard you want tell them
what we're doing today what are we doing
I don't know what that we're doing all I
know is you got me dressed up and this
stupid sweater and I gotta wear it and
it's a hot day we are doing a video
shoot with Rock chart for the moms video
it's gonna be from one of the flipbook
so stay tuned for it it's gonna be a
bull I'm excited it's gonna be good
because what wouldn't be good with rock
guard because he is adorable
right sing it whoa are you trying to get
me do the tricks for the camera don't
you know I'll do what I want - hey a
little annotation attitude baby
excited to be on camera today good yeah
you know as Shea and I and Ally and
Brett and Michael were talking yesterday
and right that was a big list of people
I was talking with a bunch of people
yesterday and we were talking about how
rock hard has been on camera he's been
on camera like every day of his life
pretty much like there's probably I
don't know a couple weeks in the whole
18 months or almost two years that he's
been alive that he hasn't been on in the
videos
not crazy so his whole life is
documented already Carly are you so
excited to work with rock hard I just
make can he be your your last contestant
on The Bachelor he's actually chosen no
well there for a few hours until I start
every time we have the kid I don't think
they can get any more adorable but
they're all the same amount of adorable
even when they're babies they were all
the same me rapping rollio face are you
excited
you found those little green box you
keep sitting right what's that what else
did you find
found the zucchini ice king Liz I'm
assuming used for a I have no idea I've
seen that video hey where you going let
you go tell them what's up oh well maybe
butter you do you do find the places I'm
gonna call Rocky Balboa Rocky Balboa
tough enough look how pretty that gonna
make you feel less cool Rock card if he
has sparkles on me okay so they're gonna
be making over the night you're the fun
head that makes me laugh they're putting
unicorn head out there to just gain when
the cameras are the lighting and stuff
like that so that rock car doesn't have
to sit out there
whole time anyway hey you trying to get
out get out you can't see you're my baby
what you doing rocky Romeo face trying
to sit on the top of it hard were you
excited today to the shoot hmm
can you guys tell what he was dressed up
as yeah you'll have to tune in to the
moms channel the moms whew it was gonna
go up not this coming Monday but the
Monday after and it's gonna be awesome
and just so you guys know books oh are
you filming for me the flip books are
meant to be like a fun silly makeover
they're not serious
I've seen some in the comments like
would you seriously think my heart wants
to be a biker chick no but it's just fun
like that's what we're doing they're not
supposed to be serious makeover okay so
it was definitely a lot more shy when we
got to maker yeah no that doesn't go in
the laundry go my phone away all right
John about to do a perfect push-up you
want me to lay on your back I'd like you
to how are you gonna have me do it I sit
like sit on your back on your shoulders
sit sit on my shoulders and I mean put
your feet behind my knee okay
your sister too nice I'm still 280-pound
gonna do it again okay ready yeah here
I'm gonna spread my body way down there
real ready there we go John go baby
let's go baby let's go
all right I just die I read about I've
already done like he did a hundred three
hundred before I was gone his banging
he's like let me warm up real quick and
he push out a hundred okay so here we
are on set of the hitch castle Jon
Huertas here is about ready to go on
another page famous I'm television shame
is ever LGBTQ onward Stern heart just
said to meet you guys
you had this did you give him the
playbook does he have the card does he
know we were supposed to know oh there's
only the director only the director and
the actors response about the thing that
you know we're try to well the Super
Bowl is coming up so analogy that most
people aren't the most ladies most
actors are ready for this good
technology we'd say these things and
they're you know it's not that to just
you know sort of secret proprietary one
like right right but like just sort of
like I don't I think it would blow
people's mind well I mean Shea's that's
fine you can trust me I listen I promise
I won't tell anybody
that's fine if I tell anybody though I
will tell that person not to tell
anybody and if they tell anybody vice
versa they won't tell anybody interns
I'll screw the say all right we're going
to the set you guys haven't seen this
show it's on ABC
Castle it's hilarious check it out we're
about to go right now but he's in a row
look at that oh that's for like
underwater like if I could cop cars
underwater they put it in this tank
that's awesome this is a giant fish tank
what if I just grabbed an orange out of
the back of that guys truck should I do
it because they can I just grab an
orange they'd be pissed
just one orange has a whole truck full
we can't spare just one piece of citrus
come on man just one vitamin C droplet
please maybe I'll pay him a dollar for
it I have a dollar at least you have a
dollar there you go
there's a dollar I wanna buy I'm gonna
grab an orange I grab an orange there's
a dollar say come closer to me Go Go
Green Lane whoo thank you sir
check it out I just bought an orange
from that guy off this truck he was down
so he can show look at this did you show
that did you see that he had a million
oranges in the back of his truck
I don't know he had a truck full of
these oranges and I said what do think
my team I just grabbed one out of the
back of his truck and then I gave him a
dollar and then I stole this mmm the
best dollar I ever spent for an orange
right on the side of the highway not on
the highway where are we at we're on the
road now I want him to pull up so I can
see his truck full of oranges anyways
you guys we just got done hanging out
with John on the set of Castle great
show check it out son Mondays on ABC
subscribe to John's channel links below
we're gonna be making a lot of cool
stuff together
he has webseries girl Blanco the white
tiger and he he molded the actual cast
of his head himself and it was really
good you see that no I didn't I should
actually have him send me a picture of
it but it's impressive I knew as much I
got his channel this cool guy there is
full of oranges he's got a truck full of
oranges a citrus truck full of citrus
one dollar an orange
hey no whipping your sister with the
battle Ariel is mr. rock face Miguel
I gotta marry my cousin married you guys
I got it I got it it's right here you
guys seriously let's it look it's the
pink one
women look good boy forever and smiley
hey you guys I'm telling you I have the
Big Bear wire dude all let's get up to
me he loves that thing man he's like mr.
pink bear
yo in the backpack smell the tact of the
ladybug you guys stop being each other
oh you want to listen to my tweet you
tell me if I dropped it then we'll have
to eat it do you have another one no
dude I bought a great job behind a truck
today for a dollar okay serious if
animals don't want us to eat them then
they should just say so that's not a
very good job and then an hashtag mmm
delicious
ha very funny rock guard is that orange
so let's just she's getting frustrated
what
stop beating each other up some animals
would eat a sec ya kidding me chickens
cheating chickens would you this
Ã´he laugh at her in the third round
this is a young cowboy out of Arizona
he's looked in the wrestled a lot of
sisters in his day then grab another one
hey Briggs start your hairs looking cute
I'm liking are you like it what did your
teacher at school say hey tell me that
story about your teacher pause the
lassoing listen cowboy the lasso another
cowboy
listen skirt this what are you wearing
that for on your shoulders okay tell me
about your teacher what'd you say about
your haircut about the videos today she
said I know what you do you are the
Shaytards you videos video when you cut
your hair and I said it's on okay this
channel or my channel there's bull okay
we don't have your channel yet you still
work for me her teacher said where's the
video of her cutting her hair yeah
because we need to anyways that's
another story
anyways alright funny hair looks cute
thank you yeah that's a darling I like
your sweater
what if you have short hair hey what if
your teacher is watching this right now
you wanna say thank to her she's the
best teacher what about your grades tell
her to give you this board you have all
fours
I told princess card if her teacher she
said to me earlier when she told me the
story originally she said one of my
teachers watch and I say wall 11 to be
embarrassing to you gee I thought about
it for a minute
no I go tell your teacher that for that
you want a good grade okay I think she
didn't do it if she just said hi and I
love you anyways so apparently you don't
have any qualms about eating the bird
All Right see you later go rope each
other
anyways this young cowboy like I said in
3.7 seconds he does have the world
record Johnny let's see we can get it
this time boom should we watch this
after dinner I like this bar mayor I
heard this guys are really good after
yeah it's Reiter I know but it's only
for violence mom oh nice dude that was
freaking Rambo lasso on top dude that
was rad no he's right around your head
right let's go ahead we're already done
yay bye
you
