Oh
what are you doing dancing on the table
tops again thank you guys again actually
new is that caramel are you excited that
I got the caramel for your apples it's
oh okay that's honey pastor or the
nectar nectar nectar nectar of the Gods
things that's wonderful hey nice outfit
we got hello kitty
Halloween seems like the spring a
flowery theme plus the Justice funky
polka-dots and paddle thing is it all
over the runways this season so this is
very chic very chic very chic hey guess
who else is adorable guys I'm not going
to show you the other side of my head
because it's really exciting
I'm here on the heikkila set and I'm
getting my hair did and so if you want
to see what happens I'll have to check
out her channel in a little bit not yet
we're not putting it up yet but I'll
tell you and now I'm rambling so I guess
I turn the camera off here we are at the
Ritz Carlton
Marcus - I'm here with Susan
Stewart is sitting right up there and we
had lunch query and lunch and I said can
I go over flood there's Martha Stewart
he's like shut up
like seriously look pity that's like
then he like freaked out he ran over
there need to get shirt off and he
started doing the work which was really
weird because that like was right in the
lasagna that Martha Stewart had just
made for everybody at this party
it was I don't know how did you do that
you did the work in the line
yes I did do the worm and little azhagi
where you passed as I said you're moving
to California do not be like every tweet
I see now it's like hey why not good I
meant to know we never leave California
unless there was a beautiful woman a lot
of money the vacation just Anita de to
pay so a lottery is a different location
of scenery changes that was one of those
things where I was like oh I need to
tell Brett an editing to that like I can
just jokey things I knew that would
happen I knew you'd get a million tweets
so you guys have believe me I'm honored
that they cared yeah like what you move
it it's not moving you guys that was
just think okay so we're here at all
things indeed dive into media at the
ritz-carlton and we're Laguna Niguel
were at the ritz-carlton and Kassim is
on a panel isn't a talk and when people
like Martha Stewart are here a lot of
suits as though we're dealing with hair
anyway so get some footage you can a lot
of you to do just happens to be where I
am a celebrity you know I started as a
comedian and as a few years ago and
traditionally Canadians have one of
maybe one to hang around one is like
they look to do the stand-up thing and
all by good plan and that was the plan
somebody sees me do a set somewhere I
get a hobby
than I get to write my own pilot which
is still there is still traditional but
you know I realized when I was starting
that online specifically YouTube there
was a huge community and a lot of people
there that you know created content and
that's where I started making content
luckily a few people will show just one
second we just over 30 was the idea that
you were going to do stand up and make
videos at the same time or did one but
yeah I like most people had to pay bills
and do things I had worked full-time to
work retail at Best Buy ten years you
know the spot I learned a lot that I
always were some of the best buys of fun
well you know I will stay just a sidebar
kind of tech back to the best part was a
great place for me to grow up and learn
and be a part of technology whatever go
back there and I was doing stand-up on
the weekends doing profits giving acting
classes all this and I just decided that
once the YouTube thing started to take
off I knew that there was a viable
revenue stream there and put and all my
eggs in that basket luckily it's worked
out it's been able to start a company
because of it and it's just been nothing
the great thing so we'll talk about that
in a second let's suppose show opposed
with the kind of stuff you just did
just won this one we did last year it
was a parody of all these CSI shows
it'll be so much fun through my cradle
ah peace can now you got it but I am
shutting this down as put a reduction
from penalties it's essentially just a
place where artists can come and work
with other artists it's very artist
centric and we we want to make sure that
everything will be a set of studios and
there's a network of people there we
have for drama we have music section is
this everything's like the old studio
yeah I mean it's it's very much like the
old studio system what we like that it
is leveraging everyone's massive
audiences to to spread and open people
up to other people that they may have
not known existed or this and that it's
worked really well on our buddy nice
Peter
sorry scratch we brought him into the
system and he was just so natural talent
that he just took off but we helped them
your pivots the wrong work but you guys
are embarking on a pretty significant
change ridiculous Mataji must be couple
of videos on YouTube you go find them
with each other maybe still activism now
you guys are actively going out and
advancing people money trying to
encourage people to build content that
will show on the site you're putting it
together right so let me let me speak to
why we think this is important so when
we look at that we see that it's gonna
make possible a kind of channel that's
more interactive and more niche that is
impossible for the more one-way
broadcast interview like YouTube now the
way it is why why do you want to
restructure it why do you want them to
use it differently than the way they're
using it already that for us we're
trying to catalyze in the same way
I guess now Jen users think about when
kind of Perkins came out with the i fund
to support development on iOS so yeah
it's a pretty sweet view at the
ritz-carlton Wow look at these houses
this is giant hotel I want to have what
a house right there that's my house
right there I'll have that one check out
these dudes are surfing man I wish I was
out there doing that right now I need to
get a new wax my wetsuit that I had is
too big for me because I lost it the
weighted so I want to get a new wetsuit
I'm gonna start surfing remember when I
used to always say that I used to always
be like I'm gonna start surfing but have
to lose all this weight first well I
lost all the weight I just need to start
surfing now so I need to get on and
start practicing
that's my new goal surfing be able to
get up on a wave every time like
instantly be good at it Google set a new
goal your goals
hey you guys you like my hair I know you
probably can't see it very well but if
you want to see how I did it or how
Kaylee did it for me you'll have to go
see her channel it'll probably be up in
a few days I'm not sure exactly when I
should find that out before I do but
anyways I'll tweet it obviously a tweet
and Facebook now I'm headed to a
development meeting with Shay I'm
excited he's coming back from a
conference so he's not he's not with me
currently but I'm kind of glad because I
was planning on cleaning out my car
today because it's huge you can't see it
because there's a giant box in the way
oh by the way this giant box back here
let me tell you when we got our new bed
set it was kind of a package deal like
you got to pick out the bed set and the
dresser and two lamps and anyways and so
we got the whole set but I didn't really
need the lamps cuz I already had lamps
but it came with the set so I ordered
our got him anyway I didn't open them
because I didn't need them so I like put
them in a closet and just thought oh
we'll get him out maybe I'll give them
to somebody later or something
something's going on there's a fire
engine
those things are loud you can hear them
for a long ways that sunset isn't that
beautiful gorgeous tonight here in
Southern California so just a few days
ago I decided to get the lamps out and I
opened them up and they're not the right
ones there are the wrong lamps I did not
order them
I ordered a different one they look like
that but they're like brown and tan and
they're just not my style I mean I'm
sure they could be cute in somebody's
house but they're not my style
so the thing is it's been like three
months I think yeah it's been a while so
do you think that they're going to allow
me to take the map back and exchange
them even though it was their mistake
because they gave me the wrong ones hmm
that's what we're going to try to do
tomorrow so you'll have to tune in
tomorrow to see if they take the lamps
back okay I know you have to go to my
meeting I'm late I gotta go okay I gotta
go guys quit watching me I have to go if
you just stop watching you see alley huh
if you would just stop watching me I
could go to my meeting see now I'm in
trouble she knows I'm late because I'm
talking to you guys
Oh such bad examples seriously guys hey
lady feed my meter meter up I didn't
know you could swipe your credit card oh
yeah you can it's kind of dangerous your
hair looks pretty
I really like it hey hey Kaylee did look
how cute me and mommy tart are meeting
here we're having a meeting there's her
car there's my car how romantic but you
see look at her mind but it's not like I
want to see your hair turn it Kaylee did
that falling out a little bit because I
tried on clothes
Ross you're in trouble let's see if
Qasim picks up if he's not gone
Hollywood hey Qasim yeah it's an honor
for me to edit you again it's nice to
see you in the blogs you look very
official abundant oh well it's nice to
see your face again I just wanna call
and say hello and I miss you and we
should all have like a picnic sometime
soon how about I put a link to you in
the description if you want a picnic
with me all right well you go back to
your meetings Qasim I know you're a busy
guy
