yes you ready to go jerk I'm just doing
a blast there's something kind of wrong
with oh you like the red is the red too
much I had a blue one you definitely
need your spenders with those
are you mama kangaroo yeah so these are
my old church pants
yeah looks crazy and I remember these
were like tight I remember I didn't like
to go to church because it was like I
get up honey go get your spenders on
let's go to church all right it's time
to go to church are you ready to go to
church mr. rock face ready hi hey looks
ready mommy turns rush you okay so this
is the duct tape somebody just
duct-taped their keep moving somebody's
kind of shoot us what are you doing tell
them what we're doing pants your new
name is just pants that's it hey pants
look at those long legs wowzers
there's no mom retard is six foot three
she's actually a very tall young lady
legs go all the way down to the ground
are you only about sure that you're 5 3
five one and a half have you talked to
my sisters I'm married I'm married to
the mousekewitz smallmouth lady what was
I gonna say I had a great story man
shoes I'm gonna do a running shoe sting
it
I'll try think about it that's a great
story okay I remember I remember I
remember what I said that's what
triggered I said legs that go all the
way down to the ground my grandpa used
to always my grandpa Eugene bless his
heart he used to always ask me and my
brother
how long do your legs need to be I'm
gonna have to go down with the ground
long enough to touch the ground so
that's how long your legs seemed to be
long enough Jessica all right what am i
a running shoe squishy play-doh feet but
unfortunately he has to get the ones
that are gonna fit him right
so he is getting tested right now so
this place being tested for his running
shoes
I don't know why I think I need to start
blogging as soon as they walk out it's
like it gets quiet in here and I get
lonely and I miss you guys
I eat you purple and orange that's
different is it funny that I'm just
looking at the color I'm like oh I don't
care about how they know I don't want
the ones that are fun in color those are
kind of fun till Tuesday fun guys
I like shoes you should tell Shane about
me support shoes everybody tell Shane
right now find me some more shoes ok ok
don't don't tell him I told you to it's
just a thought wait I guess you guys are
gonna he's gonna see this at their
watches the video what are these cool
toe toe shoes there's that laugh again
shake are you thinking we're trying a
third option
mami tarde hit this on the way in oh I
think a lot of people like that cuz look
at this
get out of here mommy tires been
wrecking my truck run over the women do
right that's what I do is I destroy it
stop that's what you do ladies know your
man lets you take your truck his truck
pretty bitter but my truck
you haven't deemed it up for anything
yet yeah maybe he's not gonna walk on my
truck
talk what you don't bow you want to see
an exciting little purchase I just made
you want to see some silly Lucas only a
little purchase I just made look you
know these are right they have an idea
this is Nike rubber no these are for
when I'm doing the ring yeah
your life Sarah yes that's this is so I
can go do the rings down in Venice Beach
and because I did not I have to stop
because the calluses on my hands can you
see them but I'm just telling you guys
they're pretty Charlie I mean Paul
Bunyan's calluses weren't even as big as
this and I'm telling you that for a fact
anyway so I'm excited I can spot these
I'm gonna go down to the Rings and see
if these help me at all
so yeah I'm excited to go to that look
at that you just put right there and the
ring goes in there and then it doesn't
hurt your clump they're just like a
little bit tire a little shoe here
I might selling rubber most of these
costs they're like 15 bucks this
probably cost a dollar to make another
dollar 50 for the packaging job Nike you
win again but that is actually a really
like solution to a problem that's why
you can make millions of dollars here if
you come up with cool solutions to
little problems and you slap your name
on it and said we did that willing to
pay 15 bucks because I want to do the
rings kind of dark out here today's
gonna try out his new and grippers how
are they working really careful you're
gonna get hit you're gonna get hit baby
boy hey how do dark you can't see
anything hmm
hey handsome oh I spin like
daddy is funny and I bet you use a robot
cuz it's too funny your big jerk wow
that kind of sounded like Shay anyway
make sure to check out yesterday's vlog
cuz it's really funny and whoever added
it oh man I just want to shake their
hand and slap their back til they don't
talk anymore because I hate them also a
brand new broadcast broadcast are the
end slate is terrible I'm sorry Shay new
podcast is to the right and I haven't
watched yet I admit I'm gonna watch it
right now it was uploaded today and
that's it I'm gonna talk to you later
bye
