yeah
rims are many bins
or all the solid
my minivan three
Rufus what are you doing is that your
dance since mom maybe left me a fan new
place into dude how do you feel that now
your hair is longer than your sisters
your words your neck though I like your
hair turn around let me see
looks pretty you look like Princess
Tarte now from behind whoa that's kind
of trippy turn around come here terone
turn around the other way it's pretty
hard incarnate weird hey bird to start
her own practice hard okay talk it's
weird go get your sister or your sister
go kicking a soccer ball bro I keep the
soccer ball here we go I'm coming oh
we're gonna have a broken window broken
window want to quit what Oh Crotty you
wanna play soccer
well do we can be both sooo yeah you are
good at soccer dude you were getting
really aggressive there at the end
you're scoring like one goal a game I
was super proud of you pass it to me I
want to kick it want to play with the
pelota holy Majoli x' here we go you
ready son my kick it right at your face
be prepared don't use your hands it's
against the rules
ready Oh rat monkeys I was not the best
of all my kicks and of all the kicks
I've ever kicked that is probably like
around you know the three thousandth
best kick of all my kicks how many kicks
of you all ever kicked in all of your
kicking career never ask yourself that
question how many kicks have I kicked in
all of my kicking career I have all the
kicks I've kicked how many kicks were
there in that kicking career I'm not
sure but I bet you there's a lot because
I played a lot of soccer and a lot of
sports and I've kicked a lot of crap
especially butts in the playground who's
on the freakin bad man
I'm just having lunch there's my wall
moans alright so we're gonna throw a red
stripe oh my
sounds hard you should just fire me as
your father yeah their fire I just
ruined this okay good okay sorry
we're definitely rookies business all
right so come check it out we've had a
few other drops also as it was drying
rock-hard
dropped it on the ground and so it's
gotten a few Nicks and we don't have
time to sand it out and to repaint it
because the Pinewood Derby starts in a
few hours I'll grab the actual weigh-in
starts at 4:00 but the Pinewood Derby
starts at 5:00 because these have to be
5 ounces so we got to make sure okay so
we're gonna put a red stripe going down
the the top middle of this okay so
here's how we're gonna do it this is the
width that son Todd wants his stripe
right here that that's a big strike you
wanted that wide nope
yeah I think I mean that'll look cool
okay so I'm gonna put this right now in
the middle and what we're gonna do ah
you said that right is how's about to
touch it I was gonna go right down the
middle and then we're gonna put two
other pieces of tape on the side of it
now we're gonna pull off this tape and
then that'll be our stripe that we will
paint dude no straight this is but it's
all about having fun right so dart I
told son tard last night I said now dude
if you don't win don't freak out it's
not only about winning it's just about
having fun you know can you see son tard
like beating the crap out of all the
other kids cuz uh I'll kill you Oh
jogger Corby my heart okay now what we
need to do this next step is we had to
put these right next to this one we can
go ahead and put these right Nexis once
we can pull that middle and off just
like that and then and then what we do
here is just line it up just nice and
tight and like okay
because you want your lines to be
straight see because a straight line
looks better than a crooked line yes
make it murder her okay oops-a-daisy
oops-a-daisy okay here we go
remember no cooking lines okay all
righty here so then there's your car
it's finished what do think oh the blue
tape flapping in the breeze
okay so anyways so we got those two
pieces on now we're gonna take that
middle one and go whoo what we got a
pinch drop there okay now we'll spray
that red and this will protect it and
then I get that off I get it now cuz
like when you spray it you don't want
the whole car to be like messy wet is
that like now these will yeah this won't
make it so that the paint doesn't get on
there and then we can pull those off
we're done okay gog you ready with this
straight pay yeah
okay here you go it's the sherry red
we're going with a cheery fula black
whatever the crap it is spray it away
didn't okay shake it up and remember how
I showed you have to do it like in
sweeping motions shake art Caleb yeah I
did
son tired and shake it he can every day
he's shaking it okay great let's see big
swooping tricks don't get too close to
yeah like a foot away right there yeah
Oh some tardo see dude that's way too
close you got to do up here let me show
you what that show yeah Jeepers Creepers
here this is what you got to do Oh
cheeks like this back and forth then you
just like laid little layers down see
and they don't put it all God now we
already have a nick in our pinstripe
goodness gracious
we should probably set it down on
something it doesn't yeah dude
that's gonna probably look sweetness
okay here you try it
just little like like like a foot a foot
away you're fine you're like eight feet
away give a little closer it's not gonna
blow up dude what's with the football
stance you ready to tackle somebody know
that knock it over yeah I just make it
sure it's a Miss so it's not that direct
thing hey God you'll get it what are you
laughing at you want to try it there
short hair hey can you can you spray it
better get a little bit closer you get a
little bit closer
what are you doing Lethbridge a starred
triad
let's see it was she can do a pinstripe
you see how I did it princess card okay
you want it you want to spray it you
want to start spraying it like before
all right okay let's see let's see it's
looking good
okay that's let's not spray too much on
should we pull it off let's just let
that dry for a while and then we'll pull
it off dude it's gonna look sweet go
dude are you mole Freaker Freddie are
you more freakish ready for this son
suckle he's ready for this we're gonna
bond Lord Derby we're gonna follow it
you ready man there it is the finished
product good old number 83 you want to
explain why it's number 83 it's number
83 cuz I'm 8 in my mastery so why don't
s 130 set since we both build this why
don't we both for like the age that we
are
eighty-three good ol number 83 I'm 30
he's eight throw them together what do
you got middle number 83 the red and
white forever
best car here all right you ready to see
your brother Rumble on the track all
right let's go cutie patootie face I
like your haircut by the way
super retro yeah okay this is some cards
box right here this is the display your
car we got some pretty nice cars here if
you look at this one
that is awesome I like look at this
alein these are awesome
okay this is our finished product I said
this car is sponsored by Abraham Lincoln
it's our sponsor for the race dude
that's it like a lot what my first car
looked like I remember I just stacked a
bunch of quarters on the front because
it wasn't heavy enough we got a little
hood ornament this is our like Audi hood
ornament right here whatever I don't
know or it could be like the face Hey
he just bit my finger he had a bite of
my doughnut I know don't judge I'm
having a doughnut is okay and he bit my
finger it was so delicious it's like a
little jelly belly on the doughnut right
what are you doing
Shane I would say we're like the
velociraptors in traffic right yeah
god I guess Velociraptor your freaking
 yo but we're supposed to end
mmm do that--don't looks good I want
another bike have my bike goes long
abruptness what's that look over there
nice strike Iran 104 around today tell
us tell ya seventeen point six miles
friend my very first marathon and fifty
days so I be ready ready ready ready
ready I'm ready
fifty days go starting morning Rock
chart let's go let's go so she is MCS
after this race like this race is full
but when you guys go home you're gonna
be like yeah this is a cool car you're
doing a quick card don't tell it only
your dad tell you you want to put up on
a shelf because listen those things are
cool like on the dirt is stunning
okay so we're starting we're dropping
for the next races when I say your name
that's the order that your cars on the
track okay so I see you're in first
second third of your pay attention so
you know what number you are on this
road and this is number one or service
for all until up just one two three
fitter go clear the truck Dillon one
Earl to Christie and before let's watch
which lanes doing the fastest you ready
can you want to push it
thank you much hey ready 1 2
good day that's my boy
already hey cover the rolls back yes one
got one two three surely they're super
glue stuck to those tires that's not
very helpful when you want to go catch a
signal problems they're currently trying
to get the super to office under tires
fire pit crew can search for some great
set go long now they're racing some laps
late day snow
whoever gets last place absolutely
laughs win potato and he's qualified to
be graceful as far as a sister Harbor
it's just a short string key okay we're
ready
you guys want to slow with this race so
whoever gets last is a cake ready one
two
so much I'm having half of that kale
that's my man right there all right son
tired how do you feel since I'm lost I
got this kink that's author ideas well
should I say a straight line many races
so what did we learn about your car we
had a couple technical issues well I
need to fix my meals second of all I
wanted more weight and then fix your
wheels but see everybody had about the
same amount of weight maybe we need to
do to place it different I have like 4
ounces or something right here okay so
next year when we do the Pinewood Derby
we're going to do more weight and we're
going to make those two in closing today
all right friends it's hard
where are we driving to I got license
but go to chinos if you got your
driver's license and we're going to see
a nose well that sounds fantastic
do you remember what to do when it's red
light we're about green light what a
yell what about yellow light
hello damn it careful and what do you do
when you cross a sign that's a big
triangle with the person walking what do
you do there
what's that walk what does it mean for
you to go it means for the cards ago or
the person to go and what is the car do
the car stops okay so what do you do if
there's a a sign that says speed 55
lemme for the head no really really
speed you can really speed what speed do
this so just be careful when you go out
you go speed you go speed how fast you
go if it says 55
like that fast okay that's pretty good
thank you
okay I think I have a phone call okay
hey Shay baby now when your name Szigeti
doll I just want you to know it bred
Diggity Dog I'm pretty good I did lose
$15 because I was betting on son tard Oh
big mistake you like I told you that I
always call my guy out there
his dad it looks sweet I like the red
stripe thank you no no is everything all
design features all the coolness goes
under he picked out great author
and we won the cake in the end the cake
will ensure well I'm glad it was in the
end as a winner how many we have
yesterday's vlog it's delicious it's
still left and also if you want to see
the podcast if you haven't seen already
that's also to the right feel free
please check out the podcast that's like
so many other funniest and I go I learn
a parking garage is : just get my truck
oh okay cool I'll catch you later say
bye
