rocked hard what are you doing what is
that oh you know it's what is it cheese
say cheese
he pretty much uses a chip like a spoon
and just fix all the cheese off is it
not me no you can't touch it
look at your fingers you and in furcy do
the dishes now he's eating cheesy chips
you're so productive today aren't you
ruff charge and I'm productive today
because I have done nothing that's not
true I've done everything what are you
doing dude I'm training I got fifty days
you remind me like I'm a rock you
somebody cool get very different people
what are you training for che tell it
under the race of my life oh just the
race
all right guys che is going on a
marathon we all know that right
he wants me to run it with him I don't
know if I feel ready to do that what do
you think are you in the zone under pan
way I say can't what pickets your
underpants no run marathon LA Marathon
March 18th fifty days from today I am
training I ran 17.6 miles yesterday
yesterday yes yesterday morning 7 a.m.
along the LA River out what do you see
him in the cheese yes look I don't know
I was like biting that are you drinking
the keys
he's using his teeth yeah just drinking
it shots shots
it's one take sundae cheese it's my
favorite kind of cheese yeah get it on
your head man then you just save some
and then when you run out of the jar
you'll remember oh yeah I put some on my
forehead I saved it there for later that
I'm gonna get down to making a walk
around here no no no one of those other
Neen chaos doing let's go punch him in
the face all right you guys we're just
getting ready for tomorrow big Monday
we're gonna do the podcast tomorrow we
just realized
tomorrow's me and mommy tarts like day
to be together day because we do the
podcast in the mornings and then we
don't usually schedule anything else so
that we can go grocery shopping by the
way PS you and I need to do a budget
meeting we have a budget planning
meeting that we need to do together
because we are gonna set a strict budget
and then we're gonna go shopping
tomorrow so we need to sell like a
grocery budget and all that kind of
stuff thinking about budgets is there
always working like if we start with one
budget it'll probably change a little
they you know you get to leave a little
bit of flexibility or you're you know
you gotta have to brush your shoulder
off for now and then you know now I'm
Thomas yeah yeah
no lights dude we're filming here you
guys don't realize this I mean normally
it's that dark in our house but these
are actually professional stage lights
because we do a daily vlog we have to
have professional lights and if you were
here in real life you would see these
lights are really bright see this is
just normal lights if this is why kinda
what your house looks like but when he
turns those lights on
it's like stage lights for the Shaytards
the daily vlog now I'm rock tard and
you're gonna be like all of your
contract
seriously we're talking about doing
another series on the shaycarl channel
of videos like that we're uh we're like
a big cast II know about raise at your
ball for the jeans okay
I'm gonna eat I think he's hungry he it
is dinner time is it dinner time um he
wore himself out on her bike ride today
yeah we want a sweet bike ride I'll go
check out mommy's Twitter we had some
chili she twittered a picture of rock
tard
that was all with dinner we had some
chili can I have another Bowl well
technically that was lunch I was just
fighting our chili again for dinners
yeah what time is that it's 6:00 623 I
want to go to bed right now I'm tired
alright time to do my dishes mission
he's on a mission all the time yes he's
on a mission to be the cutest baby in
the entire world you better run you
better run fat sack for you to get you
I'm gonna get you a picture bum want to
pinch it my picture don't pinch it
what's going on up here
playing what man hey lose man what is
this look like a fool they're playing
hangman I would say why Go Fish
d do you have to draw like a head or
something
liddie here we got to get some of these
professional stage lights over here Oh
today I'm with some plug it ok Hey
ladies I want this room clean by school
time tomorrow how do you think you're
like fooling anybody did we all know
what you're doing
trying to suck your thumb she's just
trying to like act like she's like oh
I'm just yeah I like to put both my
hands like this took the road to those
Oh playing the harmonica
you know me baby tar I love to play the
blues group you nobody leaving here
unless they picked a nose what's that
one but two started your hair cut there
is everybody used to princess charts new
haircut yeah alright I'm not used to why
hey no no dear we go tell your boys will
you tell her to check or tude no go
sabes check your - dude hey check your -
dude nice what is the word are you
trying to say
let me see hmm oh oh oh not the guy I'll
tell you okay who can t oh is that
waiter that's not very nice
he's not a very nice hangman your hey
say guess you dude Jess you okay
don't worry enjoy your favorite letter
used to be the U in the word and you are
stupid
that's not nice and that's a statement
by the way not a word
all right hey where's your son where's
your youngest son what is he doing he's
probably about my picture bubbly pinched
herb I'm gonna put your money is your
mother
Shaboom since your bond extra bone it'll
be develop intervention
and we do have little reservoir of water
that's okay let's no one you're wasting
water look how much funny how we need to
put a child walk on that alright and
that's what we're doing at the shade
yard house thanks for joining us on one
take Sunday join us tomorrow when we'll
do more crazy stuff as a family all
right cut seriously don't touch me right
no seriously I just hate being around
I'm not gonna ever put your bud because
I thought here would never want to touch
your class by the way look at you - no
sweat pants it's like all around arrows
Judah that's right one
