so
- the things a pastor his whole family
you guys look at the freaking sticker
the princess hard it just gave me check
it out Donald Duck riding a skateboard
on the side can you see it yes yeah
there is princess hard ask me what
sticker I wanted and I said I want the
Donald Duck skateboard sticker because
that looks most radical most a rather
cool a sticker that is not mine
thanks for the sticker man oh your hair
it's beautiful I think it looks
beautiful it looks good you curled it
but just hard are you loving your hair
tell me about your hair experience
did your teacher see it so tell me what
your teacher said about your hair she
likes it both ways when it's growth and
not girl what did your schoolmates say
that's what they said that's about it do
you like it man
you've been stand in the mirror a lot
come and you kind of like Princess Leia
she's a Jedi princess Princess Leia
where are you tonight anyways how was
school today yeah excellent alright you
look pretty man I really like your hair
thank you I'm gonna grow it out now are
you gonna keep it short like that sure
when it get long hey that's the worst
thing that I hate is about one of my
hair get lungs but that's actually one
of the things I'm happy about right now
is that mines gotten lungs do you like
my hair should I cut it or leave a long
should I let it get long short huh
alright well it looks cute I like it
curled bro you like his blonde hair
okay so princess are just asked me what
soulmates means and she said she was
telling me that her friends are like her
soul mates and I said well soul mates is
usually a term you know for like one
person like the person you marry in
which princess Starr thought for a
moment and said you want him to be your
soul mate what she said I wanted to
Justin Bieber to be my soul mate is he
your soul mate
why explain
because he has blonde hair and Amy flips
it so that makes him your soulmate
that's all that it takes don't you think
it takes a little bit more than that to
be somebody's soul mate what about his
personality what about what he likes tea
for breakfast what do you what if he
likes to eat fish for breakfast what if
Justin Bieber is so handsome and so
devilishly good-looking and his hair
just flips in just the right spot but
what if you don't know this but he likes
to eat sardines every morning for
breakfast so when you kiss him in the
morning it stinks like dead fish how do
you know because that's question I know
I know when you do that what if Justin
Bieber eats sardines
he might Justin Bieber like sardines I
saw him in a Costco once he was peculiar
literally close to the sardine aisle he
suspect Bieber sardine addiction is
becoming more transparent every day
princess hard you got to do it you got
to do a video like this alright so
Cecily just did a parody of that little
girl you are your hair is gorgeous here
Dave throw the football my wife yeah
there the face with it okay throw it to
me
let's see your Theor form right
oh no my bad okay ready catch this you
ready
nice that's what she said right over
here
nice toss babe there you go me in the
head
that hurt you're gonna mess up my hair
you look beautiful how was your shoot it
was actually really difficult today
why can I just tell everyone that to
tell you I talked about a topic that is
really difficult
I talked about bullying did you cry we
did cry a little you're so annoying is
one of those days where it was like we
had to kept redoing it and redoing it
because I was like oh that's not what I
want to say that's not hard was it
because I can't fix it right thanks for
right like like boy bully every time he
hits a seven-ten the 8th round because
Kali actually is not such a good bowler
uh-huh and it makes her cry oh well
because she's not real good at him she
like will break down and cry Angus so if
we bring up like on a double date like
let's go bowling she'll be like post
keep yourself composed but the whole
time she'll be going dude
I'm gonna just keep that like little
information in my head and I'm next time
I know that like we're bowling I'm gonna
get like really competitive with Kali be
like come on they are one of the first
dates that we ever went on we were
playing this shooting game tell me if
Callie gets like this and we're trying
to shoot this thing and I was dominating
her he was trying to shoot it and I just
kept hitting right where she was trying
to get and she's just like stop it like
was serious and I was cracking up
because I was dominating her so hard
face I was dominating her faceless face
palming her in this game yeah we mature
moments in my life and she was like
really like angry at me and I was like
whole snap momma's got a little fire in
her momma's got a little
and thrown the dice like at the floor
because you were so mad she always ends
up throwing over the Monopoly board
shall I kind of like this game is stupid
and she'll throw over the Monopoly yeah
hair like ever do we gotta go play we're
gonna play Monopoly dude I'm gonna go
dominate you I'm I'll give you five
bucks for being our arrow route railroad
I want all the railroads ok pass go
thought nice we should cover this before
Dave interrupted us with his bully only
she today talked about bullying big me
jerks that hurt people because I I feel
like I want to fix it and there's a lot
of the topics that I have I have like
clear advice that I think is good but
I'm this one I was like I don't know did
you come up with something well say that
you feel good because my cuz at him my
brother actually had so I talked about
that a little bit and like what how he
went through then I talked to him had a
really extensive phone conversation with
him see how he you know dealt with it no
so we talked about it when's that going
I hope it's good it definitely comes
from the heart so if it sounds jumbled
it's just my heart's just just too much
love in her heart for me so be able to
talk to you guys they're mine check it
out links below somewhere Katie like
channel her spread close Katie let show
on Wednesday Wednesday
like I said quit promoting your stupid
crap on like so go see Katie Lapp
alright centered what are we doing bro
ham
let's see what color you got so far so
tell us what you're thinking as far as
color scheme like a white car looks like
okay how like across the top is how you
wanna do it okay you want to put a
number on your car we couldn't put on a
number we could get some black paint and
put a number on your car too so let's
see we're think about this carrier is
stickers now we go put some stickers on
it yeah put some of this sparkly red on
top of this stripe we're gonna see
wearing test it out but we have some
white spray paint oh we need painters
tape broke him go get a roll of that the
blue painters tape that's mucho
importante no no not a smaller one son
to your left fair like Beyonce said to
the left to the left the blue nerd
painters tape in the Box to the left all
right let's go all right what else are
we getting do walk toward McGillicuddy
so even all right you ever rocked her
gets it ever you want what are you
trying to show he turns it on himself
and smiles cuz he wants to see him so
high I rocked huh here's daddy down here
hey centaur come here Drock parents
filming us let's explain what we're
getting we're getting the 400 grit
sandpaper so that we can sand the car
show us it okay so why are we getting
the 400 sandpaper so like we could paint
with paint spray paint it over and take
this tape off
yeah okay so what is Leonard's trying to
say is we're getting this 400 sandpaper
it's like the fineness of the sandpapers
because when we spray the car which
we're about to do the wood is naturally
porous so the paint is gonna suck in
like a sponge into the wood so we're
gonna have to do multiple coats so after
we kind of spray it and get it all
sprayed with a spray paint
it's gonna some of it's gonna soak in
and then we can sand that top coat and
make that surface porous again so that
we spray it again it will go into the
car and it'll look signing after that
you know it gets in a few to the coat
though we have this sand paper and we're
gonna go home and spread okay let's go
get high off spray paint bro
me and you what do you hoodlums doing
what are you three hoodlums doing oh
look there's spider-man hanging on by a
Ledge it's about to save the day oh wow
but to the face replay but to the face
butt to face butt to face butt to the
face replay that hurt did well yeah I
wouldn't like getting hit with a buddy
there you want hang on there hi here
okay ready
hang on there ready muscles use your
muscles oh there he goes down for the
count
okay ready here's all right
I'm up there in it yourself
put it like this it yourself got to turn
a little bit
that was the pepper dance by baby taro
she'll be funny so did Shelby's mom give
any dirt to her about you were you a
good theater a bad kid just watch it
it's pretty funny well go cook that and
I will talk to you later Shiva weekend
