pretty-pretty could be pretty darn
precious what it is Katie let in
shaycarl got the cutest kids and maybe
up on YouTube making all events in the
few don't know I'm gonna tell you like
this like this like son's heart got all
the girls on them God I'm wondering how
do you get so handsome okay and baby
turn she got that baby girl swag she can
get a little crazy just like her dad
what a rock part I see you starting to
walk hit that stanky leg then he hit the
driver prison start where you whack
girlfriend back handspring it's a
perfect ten uh yeah you know they pdf EP
two years ten and he's on two three
we're ready for a video so let it be
clear oh my what a glorious beautiful
day is it hold on let me see it has
today is the first day of the rest of my
life how exciting it's not exciting even
these it all begins today this is all
where it happens right now I love it
it's not an interesting concept to have
as I kept mantra in your head that every
day is the first day like you know what
I'm starting fresh day let's go out
there and get it but not forgetting the
past successes you've already had but
you can wipe away all the mess ups every
morning anyways we are here today I'm
I have already been here this morning to
drop off Malik I'm here to pick him up
today at Petco
Petsmart or some het world I don't know
we're at the big pet store by our house
I was here earlier I was arguing with
the lady I was like no we've been here
before he should have our records or you
should have our records for mouthing Chi
and she's like no and finally I figured
out it was Petco and not that smart so
it's one of these pet stores anyway this
is all Grammy groom down done and
cleaned up all right man how you feelin
are you looking clean dude looking so
fresh so clean what you looking at boy
just saw some pretty ladies out there I
just want them to notice my nice new
coat like your nails cut your nails man
get some big strong arms bro no more
than definite Jim it's all about time
and pressure bro you know little by
little I've been growing my muscles out
yeah yeah you're so pretty your color
looks good you know it does go I'm
hungry I want some watch it's like
afternoon already right sorry bro guys
he's pissed
especially on bath day he does not like
bath day all right we're going home and
then we're going to help Kassem G move
he's moving to New York can't believe
that sucks I'm gonna miss him no well
I'll find a new best friend now it's him
right there he's just leaving me I hate
Sal
we'll get the bed and the TV I'm helping
them pack up in my truck because I got a
big truck all right let's go all right
what's happening are you excited it's
happening we have the cutting of the
hair the beautifulness I can't touch it
yeah oh right I can't read I shoot I
mess it up sorry Kari
am i fired am i fired from this
haircutting again Oh
okay so we're gonna donate this actually
that's really cool I'm really proud of
you about that that's that's doing good
for others that's really cool explain
that how that works so we're getting
three and how long is that to be exactly
what are the regulations I think it has
to be like eight inches but yeah I write
then more on cuz I'm not sure if it's
eight or ten actually so I usually send
in twelve we're cutting twelve off
are you okay good show me how you
measure it how do you know that's a is
that a fuck that's ten okay yeah I'm not
counting that let's see so like that's
the whole even for ten inches and that's
enough or whatever yeah it's gonna cut
up there this whole thing yeah we're
just good your hair is gonna be no it's
not cut yet your hair is gonna be used
as a wig for somebody else's Rock tardes
over here it is cool green shirt and his
headband
knocking chairs over like a crazy man
okay so here we go
Kaylee you got the scissors you sure
last chance right now absolutely
positively sure you want to have sherer
promise Carly you're only doing this for
you that's what I'm trying to ask why
are you doing this for you rock card is
not ready for you to cut your hair
sundered wanted to offer a few words
before this happened son tired
go ahead okay here we go cut it but if
you want to see it you have to go to
Kelly's Channel well it winds me up on
Saturday cuz this vlog not yet before
then so you have to wait till Saturday
and you know maybe you'll see it in the
vlog before then but you're gonna go see
it to get cut okay you crying
it's looking really handsome yeah aren't
you scared though yeah
kara because all the girls are gonna be
chasing after you know that's scary
man I would be scared are you it's hard
to be so handsome it's hard centaur did
it in a book put AZ go win it I so I'm
just headed home right now gonna need
dinner with the mom and the kids I'm so
excited I love that Mommy tarde is like
doing this mom's on the loose like all
the moms view kind of stuff she dresses
so like cute and stuff so every time I
go home she's like freaking hot now that
she's like not hot every day but it's
like every time I go home she's like
dressed to the nines and she just like
looks amazing and she smells so good and
I just like to bite her anyway so I'm
just having this existential what is
existential mean I've been trying Easy's
like big words lately if your job is to
vlog every day what do you do every day
and you know I want to work on this
stuff for projects that are cool that
are things like really invest in I don't
know like what is that is it making more
videos with Sam macaroni is it trying to
think of a new webseries to do it's like
you know I mean like we can't go to
Disneyland every day but that's our job
is to make videos every day but it's
like what do you do you know because
this is like I said this is my job and
maker studios is a big part of that you
know the production company that we
moved down here to work out anyway so I
know you guys don't like talking about
the business and our lives you guys just
mostly are here just to see us together
as a family and I get that and that's
what I want to try to give you guys but
there's other things that I want to work
on you know what I mean but before we
can work on any of that
we have to go home and eat some
delicious dinner but I'm sure my
scrubbed up tally up this woman has
prepared for me it's that sexist she's
hot she's a good cook that's what I like
my wife just like that's how I like them
hot and good cooks baby you know there's
more than that you're good kisser - okay
bye
rocked our camara you know my dog he has
a phone freak he just took a picture you
monkey face rock dirty editing work out
what you would do luck - I'm doing like
a crunchy live out this have
your target Rock turns using my face
what do you say what this is look good
this is actually really good workout
because he uses like a nice counter
resistance to pull like my head back
tickle tickle
daddy get a reading on that one you ever
know like when you do abs really hard
and then then they tighten up it's like
you can't breathe really makes it really
hard like I said in my podcast earlier
never have kids but get in the way of
everything a guy can't even get out and
try to get a six-pack
sponsored by the baby shaves only the
smoothest buffest of abs in only eight
minutes with dropped our Dylan ornament
rocked our baby come on you
baby for just three easy payments of
$29.99 baby but wait there's more whoa
Oh too bad daddy wasn't down there to
save you bonk your head against the
couch good thing Big Brother's here to
save you you're right dad
a little uncomfortable no crying for
this guy he's big he basically is a
tanked above my perch this is my perch
guys
it ran twice dude I saw I heard mommy
turn scream and she said come in here
and saved me and she said she just saw
it so now I was messing around and then
he came out and ran that way dude
no my guess those are glitches but
they're so comfortable
something song like this relationship
show or something they were asking like
did they have one thing that you hate
I'm like probably those shoes
comfortable and you know what I finally
I hope you give up the kitchen why you
think you're gonna be in yeah he's gonna
be snacking I have pictures of early
designs cartoon we are working on blue
purple green
Chinese food and Shaytards goes well
together all right well you go have fun
buying paints and I look forward to it
and I'll talk to you later bye
