so
sit back we like hollow
watch it
okay guys today is a very special day
I'm gonna tell you why didn't start yuan
Tong what are you doing are you planking
are you planking on the bench in the
living room or are you dead did you die
hey I love you
what's wrong are you changing your mind
you not want to cut your hair anymore no
I can't put my floor every backpack and
now my backpack is crazy
your backpack is concentrating what's
wrong with your head
Oh does it feel better now I love you I
love you good morning the day I cut it
was uh pretend today you did well are
you excited it's your last day can I
just touch it for a minute just let me
just let me lay on it oh it will be so
cute I cut my hair when I was younger
too and it was sad for my parents but it
was really cute are you gonna tell them
what today is or not am I gonna have to
tell them today is Wednesday today is
the day that Kayleigh is going to cut
prints - yeah and we don't know exactly
how she's gonna cut it she might have
bangs she might not we're gonna kind of
like have Kayleigh tell us what she
recommends because she's an expert I've
been having her do my hair for ever
since I've known her I guess but anyways
she's really good so she's going to be
cutting her hair tonight it's gonna be a
crazy fun event you guys ready yeah -
wait are you going to let me fix your
hair pretty today since your last day of
long hair can i curl it can I curl up
please please please please please
good morning hey stop sucking your thumb
up your stuff is going to fall off a new
second any more good morning yes you are
having a babysitter today because I'm
filming moms on the list with Kayla and
Carly what a fun day haircutting mom's a
loose
we're gonna be filming tons of stuff oh
did you want to play - were you jealous
that princess starts planking skills
don't worry keep practicing and you'll
be just as good as all right there it is
beautiful hair the last day that we will
see this part of the hair this part will
still be here but this part will be done
say goodbye bye hair seriously like I
don't care about you anymore
bye was that your attitude hey Matta
tude maybe we should just keep your hair
long if you're gonna have a s'matter -
don't keep it long and say goodbye hair
Oh what about your luscious locks and
forget your watches it Heiko space all
right what are we gonna do now guys
let's go to school what time is anyway
seven four three we're not late yet
let's go hey guys so we are here at a
beach where are we Santa Monica yeah
we're in Santa Monica and we're going to
mom's on the loose it loosey-goosey
mom's interesting in - maybe not about
brace ring and orange oh it's actually
my drugs anybody it's the best kind
I love these they're all-natural I love
little clementines it tastes like sugar
to be do they're delicious
they are kind of tail awesome oh my
mother oh here we are it's a beautiful
day so hopefully we will get to talk
some fun happy beautiful day people
ladies are you having so much fun I'm
filming you I'm so powerful my hair that
was actually I'm impressed that you're
still standing for more on curly child
yeah
for hairflip bitch I actually do need
some lessons every time I try to put my
hair in one chair I do I'm like taste so
much longer than just flipping your hair
right when you were dancing on that
music video and you were like this did
you guys know like a dance like be a
dancer in her day to provide money for
her family oh really
I was a normal one that was like girls
what are you doing you should think
about your choices this isn't a you
should think about not walking into that
bike right there laughs make for great
footage
it would true I was actually hoping for
that's I didn't say anything
get your blackberry yeah oh you dropped
it come on show respect to the sombrero
don't put it on him drop on the floor
here's the sombrero baby sombrero baby
sombrero baby he's the judge to see whoa
that's a burro is heavy see is where do
we get this thing what is that for
oh is it ears my y's we have an
amazingly ass why do you have a sombrero
put it on put cecily sombrero on he
likes to dance with it easy
oh no all the Sun bro
no the sombrero soup there's a sombrero
running through our house what order
pizzas what oh you're mad that you're
not getting more camera time baby tired
wanted some camera time hey you guys we
are out here on Santa Monica doing a
mom's on the loose shoot or two of them
actually I'm asking some fun questions
it's really it's actually a really fun
thing to do and ask people random
questions and just see the funny answers
that you get anyways it's so beautiful
out here look at the beach some and it's
a gorgeous day today it doesn't feel
like winter at all and what's crazy to
me is you feel look down there that down
there is the Santa Monica Pier and I
remember che telling me that he's been
running to the Santa Monica Pier so
she's been running the Santa Monica Pier
and it's like so far like I'm really far
from where I came from back in Venice
and yeah so che I love you I think
you're amazing that you run this far
every day almost every day he doesn't
least like three or four times a week
anyways it's so beautiful here I love
California
it is crowded it's crazy there's tons of
people everywhere and there's crime but
there are a lot of things we appreciate
it like the beauty of the beach sunshine
like a pillar I know right now I know it
would be freezing cold and not funny so
I really do like it anyways come to
California guys it's awesome
hi shared kitchen line you have to say
the feathered thing no we're going to
all sit with a heads on her feathers and
not move ready go
Oh didn't you in Shane your animal
voiceovers I love it I did just all
funny they're all just sitting there
like look further until you throw a
piece of bread at them then they all be
okay we're here at this little beach
cafe called Perry having lunch a so when
you're on your run you should
you can see the parries because we're
gonna eat here and I'll let you know if
it tastes good then you can stop on your
run and get a paries burger or something
no don't think that that would say
people purpose the Sun is setting in the
western sky Sun tarde putting playing
some video game action going on what
does the name of this video game
alright card ticket at the end this is
Pirates of the Caribbean is this on your
Sony Playstation what is it with a ps2
PSP
PS what is it 6000 do you like that as a
fanboy think it's pretty work big waste
of time if you ask me she could out
enjoy your nature and trees running
around and sniffing bugs not pushing
buttons but smelling bugs that's what
it's all about
girl out in the fresh air and sniffing
as many alright anyways hey Dave's in
town flew in from Singapore I'm so tired
his arms are so tired it just flew 20
hours how long is the flight it's 20
hours 20 hours in to Los Angeles he
basically fly a flight he flighted we
flied it all the way around into world
to see us that's your uncle you know
that Sun turn sure a big hug from when I
shoot in a hug your Uncle Dave no creepy
Uncle Dave haha huh so we're just
I took Malachi because he needed his
claws clips because they are way too
long couldn't even come down the stairs
because his claws were too long so you
slipped on the hardwood floors we made
an appointment for him tomorrow morning
at 9 a.m. I told I want him to full
deluxe I want his teeth brushed his ears
cleaned out trimmed bath conditioned
aromatic I want his ego massage I want
him to be motivated I want him to come
out of there like a brand new man so
tomorrow morning at 9 a.m.
Malachi is going to go
and get a new fresh coat of wax ready
for the home okay I'm tired let's go
home and see what Mommy tarde has for
dinner because you know what she does
that the little lady of mine she just
gets in that kitchen and she makes
deliciousness and I know I'm we're gonna
walk in the house and it's gonna smell
so good and oh so excited HUD to us
going home and she's taking a nap on the
couch it'll be a test but I wanna see
what she's doing
waiting mom's doing right now okay
thanks she has no no it's 5:12 it's a
little early and she's cooking dinner
already okay let's go let's go see she's
getting ready that's for sure let's see
if she's doing mom eat are what you
doing my Medard
hey moon boots have you been in your
pajamas all day long it's like 5:00 in
the afternoon dude you're slacking get
your life together
you should have shower and been
contributing to society by now and set
your trumpet around the house and your
mood boots playing with littlewiggle way
apples you wouldn't have it any other
way huh huh how much boogers how many
pounds of buggers have you produced
today can I hear the light I want to see
her boots here I'll just drag my baby
come here
you don't - damn it what if I drag you
through the hallways of our house hi hi
I like the pajamas what dude I don't
want it to happen she's coming tonight
at 7:00 hey everybody the moment of
truth is here princess tart is cutting
her hair short like in an a-line is that
what you're doing I crazy
just like Braley's like just like
Braley's you give these like twin
sisters you guys could like living each
others clothes and you're like Siamese
twins
well I think rock tart has a stylus on
for one a little jealous oven right so
we're gonna get the footage we're
cutting princes tarts here tonight
because she insist she wants to get it
done and you guys all get me crap or
telling her I didn't want her to cut her
hair so we're letting her do what she
wants and she's cutting it it's her hair
hey you're right it is your hair you can
do what you want with it and it does
grow back so cut it I'm just gonna miss
it because I think it looks beautiful
maybe we should get like a hair montage
and princess starts hair turn around
let's see how long it is so we can
measure how much you cut it tonight
are you excited dude you've been really
excited about it yeah man when you work
why because I so glad you're so excited
so you're gonna cut like this much off
right I mean that's like 10 inches at
the plan Sam all right I guess we'll see
one aunt Kelly is here she's the
freaking master hey there's hotness and
hairspray how did the moms on the loose
go today enjoy your mom's on the loose
pants I did those your mom's on the
loose pants yeah I can tell it seems
like you've been on the loose a lot
lately really okay hey how much of her
hair we cutting Haley's coming to do it
tonight no I have to text her and see
what time she's coming but yes she's
planning on coming and that's gonna be
up on her channel on Saturday hey Kayla
check it out
links below do not subscribe to her
channel not do not subscribe dude we're
not clapping with you sucka
princes tower wants our channel but I
don't want her to have her own channel
dude Terms of Service you're actually
not even allowed to have a YouTube
channel on YouTube until you're 13
that's what YouTube says that's by law
on YouTube laws you have to be 13 years
old that have a YouTube account
if you're under 13 you should not be
watching this I just kidding
most of you are too
how old are you right now tell me how
old you are right now that you're
watching us how old are you put in the
comments I'm gonna Hajj you are I'm 31
don't feel weird about I don't care if
you're a lady don't be like well a lady
never reveals rage who gives a crap we
all know we're all getting older all
dying
how old are you how much do you a mom's
29 you're right do you think it's rude I
want to get rid of that stereotype it's
rude like 29 years of experience to
you've lived on this beautiful earth for
29 years
Dave just turned 30 himself a 30-year
old rocker drained the Hitmen big to
zero he's already doing the terrible
twos I'll just drag this around how old
are you why tell us right now
hell yes definitely 25 are you 21 yes
are you 21 you're so pretty you don't
know what you're the one who hired me if
I don't know how young you are I would
not have hired you over that is the road
so you're going understood we're just
talking about talking about ages about
old people are much of a bad mood I'm in
now that I have to fix my car your car's
broken but what's going on over
mr. Roth fires way up to and you got
your car even driving around up here on
some slick granite top good for drifting
whoa you see that man I missed his
elbows like who she drifting on the
countertop I don't blame me man
dancin dancin he drags his thing around
and his moon boots gets up on the
counter he basically runs the roost
around here basically doing whatever he
wants we were just talking about what's
for dinner okay what are our options I
love that we get options it's like a
menu it's like we're in school and we
get to choose these are the quick
version spaghetti or children we are the
mommy tard restaurant you want spaghetti
a lot of kids in this house mommy turn
what do you have behind your back busted
Hey PS everybody by the way do yourself
a favor and go watch Callie and Moore's
new video cover of Eleanor Rigby it is
really really well shot and the song
sounds great this is a million view
video I feel like go check it out links
below will annotate to it at the end so
cool new music video let's go
Oh
I like that option do you like that
option
oh alright anyways check out Callie's
new music video it looks really cool I
like it a lot it's one of those you
watch over and over so check it out baby
tarts already watched it six or seven
times
you miss your aunt Callie she's all the
way in Singapore Hey look that's your
wife what did you do on this video I
shot the video you shot it I mixed only
audio it's a family affair I recorded
all the drums put the keys in so pretty
a lot of it but Callie is like all the
editing all the singing all the writing
on the guitar you guys are a good
collaboratory a little couple laboratory
york laboratory Ness is really
impressive what let me slap you in the
forehead five times you should cry
before I've had and I had peanut butter
all over it what did I tell you no
peanut butters on the iPad there's no
peanut butter on the iPad no premier for
children using us I don't know which one
it was no peanut butter on our bad
hello it's me rock hard vlog in here you
vlogging is the red light on the numbers
got to be red dude I'm gonna watch a
video what are you watching
you're already watching reruns of
yourself that just happened like 20
minutes ago
no but just like so much you want to
watch it back how meta is this this is
it how many will it be when we watch the
vlog of it later
wrong turd it's pretty trippy that you
turn the camera on and then point it at
yourself and start talking I guess they
really do suck up pretty much about
everything you do they're like little
sponges that's why it's important that
we be good people huh because you're
gonna be just like me I'll be just like
you daddy
daddy I wanna grow up and be just like
you daddy want to be on the computer and
want the water just like you daddy I
learned it from from watching you daddy
he's so adorable
it's crazy watching him like play with
the camera it's like wow he's like
mimicking us exactly his he'll get it
held her arm he'll like look at him so
he'll be like Oh ba ba ba it's pretty
crazy Chino we do throw away throw the
garbage no we got no guy to put in a
recycle in order to put it in the
recycle Rock tard go over there and put
in the recycle drop it on the ground you
got your pajamas on get your snuggly
wuggly is on huh yeah you like your
snuggly wuggly 's oh you took a champ
jabs knuckle we walk on these on yes you
do you typically walk aways and look but
you won't stop yeah Raquel is just cute
how can away on the computer Vitelli
changes the world
whoa Rock turn you like your aunt Carly
I think he likes that scarf that you're
rocking and then it comes to rocking
rock tastes rock dude somebody is having
a good time
okay ting what is your order to dinner
oh yeah we're getting a giant bowl of
chicken alfredo do you love this
ambiance there's fire there's lights oh
there's a bird a pair of scissors it's
gotten the ambience the audience it's so
thick look we're out here in a rustic
you know there's tree arresting
something I don't know where there's
bricks yes that good rustic though it's
a rustic yeah I couldn't think of what
to say when you it's been about I went
on a date here you did oh dude you're
hitting my vlogging arm get revoiving
arm with you the door they either gave
you that scar that's in there don't move
what what a day Derek you are a day here
and what are they dirt paths and the
embarrass me so I took it
what you've been doing in your life
Carly Stiles okay sorry sorry the dinner
the boots here no it's not real frito oh
did the whole Bowl last time I want I
love that he is in a good mood
awesome cheese bro let's go down to
mom's be looking awesome flippin awesome
check it on all right sir having some
cheesy caprese and the salad
haven't seen you forever capacious I
love this
oh so hard she bites some powers and my
own all right everybody
the battle continues the battle rages on
Oh
the preachings within the head rock card
that was like a file 540 flip man that
was I like dubstep I don't know if you
enjoy it or dislike it but I personally
like it you can quote me on that if you
want to see yesterday's vlog you can
click it to the left if you want to see
another vid kick it to the right click
it to the left kick it to the right
kickflip backflip dubstep rock star
that's it done and uh can I just turn
this off why is it still recording oh
the red light let me just turn that off
Kelly more music I love you
