look at you guys it's summer we'll drive
by on the motorcycle and you try to
spray us with the hose try to spray you
I don't think that will be too hard
he got me why us
all right guys we're doing it work out
we're doing it live on Facebook
this this boy is doing his own workout
are you skateboarder who looks super
radical slave actually watch this blam
yeah we're using those gliders you don't
have to have those to do the workout
though so come and watch hey friend
shame on you look I have an announcement
myesha's I mean look there's 600 people
here and more aware Hey - I want to just
brag about any real quick because for
the last three days we've been running
to the top of this mountain for the last
two days
Emmys one may be a tighter yesterday but
did you or you either barely how far did
you beat her by by four yards four yards
and we continued guide two years I
understand and he's gone for two and a
half weeks without sugar and because of
that usually a via can kill any on any
race huh but I think because Emmys been
going without sugar she's feeling a lot
healthier as a family
well I know that off the fire alarm as
much as possible hahaha good job guys we
can get that done we did it oh that was
Henry yeah your joy to any seriously no
sugar has really helped her so it's a
it's a testament to the rest of us
cut down on your sugar hmm are we tired
yet guys if I said I'm right
have a drink
yo yo yo look they're going man they're
running okay so there's my wife here's
my face they're learning like we know
they are so we love it we & Collect came
up with this brutal parent punishment
where there's this mountain behind our
house and we told the kids that we have
to run to the top of it every single day
of summer today's day three and they're
already kind of like annoyed you can
tell they're like oh they're really
gonna do this every day
and so like as soon as we say we're
gonna do it they take off because they
want to get done and we're trying to
like get them to wait for us it's like
Daxton and Brock are a pain in the butt
cuz they have little legs so for the
last couple days I've been carrying
Daxton but today we're leaving the three
back Danny's watching them we just did a
che last workout okay the babe let's
catch those kids
I wonder why I started before I caught
one Oh God cut hi film but I see some
sweat and sweat droplet day three
climbing the mountain where you think oh
yeah Kenya yeah your legs you're looking
healthy here we go here we go ah climb
in the mountain this is the steep part
dami baller wins dude
sighs sugar free candy it's like a like
a metaphor you know just show sugar you
don't need it person can I have a piece
of it though if you were watching our
live Facebook feed we're doing live
shows on Facebook a lot so if you like
shaycarl on facebook you'll see our live
Facebook shows but I was just bragging
Emmy up in the Facebook show about how
she's gone without sugar for two and a
half three weeks no you got like five
days left right she's she's messed up a
few times right we're being honest but
where she has I said out of all of the
family she's had the least amount of
sugar in the last three weeks and she
has beat everybody to the top of the
hill the last three days here we go I do
yeah I made it
hi we're taking turns doing ten push-ups
inch on Butler rock one two three
you got it girl four good as far as you
can all right
good is yeah grammar as you continue
nine nice am Cavs up best form best 10
push we can do 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 I
slap it
thanks Philemon Katniss is 1 2 3 4 5
push-ups oh yes 7 8 you can stop every
day I love it
nice nice all right babycakes 1 2 3 4 5
6 7 8 9 10
a girl alright we exercise it okay now
we're doing a podcast you so much media
happening yeah
do you get used to it who cares who even
cares anymore
good all right let's go ah I care you
guys so gently about it I gotta live
we're gonna hey everybody glad to be
here oh boy we're liable we're live on
Facebook we're gonna be and yo were like
yeah I hey stop yelling at me so I'm
right now you're live you're I'm the
lightest so we're back doing the
podcasts guys we were on like a
two-month hiatus out of here the
podcasts are this place that we hang out
wtk GTS where we just talk you know we
get down and dirty we get serious about
our lives we get open we get willing to
talk about the deep stuff so come check
it out yeah
we're losing connection yeah man we're
having lower net problems you guys know
what W let's finish this one researcher
look at you guys like it's summer
slippin and slidin where's the baby
where'd he go setting up a water cute
right here so now here's the cloud she
is nice we'll drive fly on the
motorcycle and you try to spray us with
the hose try to spray you I don't think
that will be too hard you know I we have
a pump we can pump it Pump It Up pump it
up mom he got me where you can go in
Daxton yeah you must be the winner are
you the winner oh yeah dad I'm the world
oh my gosh she's winning with that hair
hold on I love it
all right it's time do we look at my
pretty daughter look at you what have
you been playing hi Hannah
pioneers well you look like you got a
sunburn pioneer thought you'd get a lot
of sunburns happening today because I
did not enforce the sunscreen that's
what happens guys
I didn't enforce it look at that look at
you you're pretty pioneers well you
gotta have wheels when you have a wagon
I love you guys you're me to eat yeah
I'm startin oven trailer all day even
trailing all day actually chime
fletching
Hey
we do want new oh yeah that's pretty
cool huh oh so you want an rocking well
that's what happened to the pioneers if
you lose a will you gotta leave it some
time you're riding on your dinosaur yeah
is that your Arlo are you spot your spot
and that's our love you
to finish and
he's a phenomenal
it takes a lot of guts to wear your
heart on your sleeve and I'm never gonna
quit
when swept in
you push to finish
you're right
