pretty-pretty could be pretty darn
precious what it is
Katie letting shaycarl got the cutest
kids and maybe up on YouTube making all
events in the few don't know I'm gonna
tell you like this like this like son's
heart got all the girls on them God I'm
wondering how do you get so handsome
okay and baby turn she got that baby
girl swag she can get a little crazy
just like her dad what a rock part I see
you starting to walk hit that stanky leg
then he hit the driver prison start
where you whack girlfriend back
handspring it's a perfect ten uh yeah
you know they PDF ap two years ten and
he's on two three we're ready for a
bitty also let it be clear hey alright
turn around look at that beautiful hair
princess tart why would you want to cut
this I remember when I used to love
princess tart when her hair was long and
then she got it what are you gonna cut
it in tomorrow you sure you sure I guess
going to the beach to meet him at the
park that will be such a joyous time
what a reunion for you and your friend
hi how's it going old friend I haven't
seen you for ages what's been up I'll
just been growing up me too hahaha this
is awkward what are we talking about now
alright bye have fun at school
love you guys you're not gonna have fun
at school because you're just gonna
study and work hard and listen your
teacher the whole time I'm gonna miss
your hair did pretty how are you gonna
cut it exactly
right there how's she gonna do it then
princess heart is definitely excited
about it that's for sure we'll do it
tomorrow thank you so much big freakin
boots you got it dude
okay bye have fun at school love you
guys bye see you losers oh snap rocks
hard seriously Dawg seriously boogers
mr. pokerface he just filled coconut
water on the camera so if this sounds
weird oh that's why just testing this is
the test you guys working hey there can
you hear me you spilled the coconut
water on the camera whatever will we do
listen to me talking for she can hear me
from over there
work
I like this I've got my own little look
do you have got my own chair and it's
just like a little note for all the
other books like I'm in a crib I'm in a
chair inside of a crib
it's really crazy I know you're amazing
feels like there's so many kids in here
and they're all are just like they make
it look so easy to just flip they jump
and they be like seven flips and they're
just amazing they're climbing the rope
and they're on the balance beam I like
air I wish that I would have started
gymnastics when I was younger so maybe I
could've done some of these things all
right I could now I mean I could if I
wanted to put the time and the effort in
and learn gymnastics however I'm not to
the point in my life where that's a huge
priority but it would have been if I was
started earlier I think
a little clipper boogers I'm gonna
pretend like
they almost looked over I don't think
they're supposed to
yeah hey guys
baby Todd just informed me that she is
going to marry a guy named Jacob to Zedd
I when I get older I'm gonna get married
and have a husband I said well when you
find the right guy you will get married
when you're older and she said I'm gonna
marry Jacob
oh she said all right I'm tired I said
well you can't marry your brother you'll
have to find somebody else's okay I'll
marry guy named Jacob let them and then
that you said who else did you say
Manuel Jack man who else
no it starts with a cap
she said castle she's the fairest we
won't tell we won't tell anyone did you
have a secret crush on Cassidy yeah are
you doing it's okay
she brought a little snap oh she had a
little yellow about to get back there
and I'm like what's in your basket and
she said a snack
listen what spaghetti but what's wrong
what's the only problem with your snack
let's go me but what's the problem
remember what you said the problem I
forgot a 40 man's old school bed it's
totally fine go for it we will not be
sharing your snack with you but thank
you for bringing this nook anyhow may be
tardy excited everybody what we're doing
a spaghetti really good John tell
everybody what we're doing hark hard it
like we're parking or going to the park
we're going to the park and this is a
park that we've never been before and it
looks actually pretty fun so we're gonna
go hang out come along then join us guys
yeah why are you so excited to be at the
park cuz we're gonna see my friend Evan
yeah your friend that you haven't seen
since we lived here before right gives a
friend that was in our old school des
asking you for like my chair so we're
gonna go did you get that vibe by
yourself
good job I'm so proud you
your swing baby turn bone sexism even
though you're upset let's no need to
separate that my lovable guessing for
you kind no worries no worries you're
doing a good job at keeping a serious
face friends it's hard that looks like
the worst toy in the world I would get
so sick on that are you okay Baba
where's baby taj she's right here let's
go fight hey what are you done I'm gonna
jump on these mushrooms those are cute
this is the cutest part ever don't you
think
jump jump from that one to this on pick
up oh you're almost you almost did it
but I don't know that I would want to
jump him though it's either you get this
big old windup and then you just jump
down that's okay you're doing great
that's the coolest so ever look at this
slide this is cool hey guys Rollie balls
so we're gonna go down there are you
ready yeah
but the funny slide you guys to try baby
girl look at you climb and this is the
pause mark on don't attack do you
want to take these guys with you alright
the scouts are getting ready do you have
a caller I want you to have a color - oh
you do do you want me to do it for you
this is what are you mad at you're the
one that rubbed Alfredo all over your
face and outs in your eyes and burning
I'm not helping you
oh man oh man he gave me a good one just
a minute ago and he dropped all this
food on the floor he goes oh man
this thing's like so little memories you
are so cute you're the cutest den mother
ever I think it's cute that you're
wearing it no it makes you look pretty
son tired I think she's a good den
mother huh get to bring the what you
guys are having hot dogs at scouts
tonight you better hurry dude get your
now get your handkerchief on there
you're not prepared tomorrow
I think it's keywords you're Pinewood
Derby dude I don't mean to stand on it
son I've really been craving to standing
on it actually yeah that looks good
David ever exactly
I wish you were my Scout leader when I
was a kid well I'd be like I'm gonna
marry her I'm a girl to marry that girl
you're so cool we don't see I got the
flag tonight stand on it dude I want to
send it yeah it's fun anyway so yeah we
got to get the last grit sandpaper and
then we got to paint it for days it's in
four days uh-huh isn't really important
yeah okay so we gotta kind of hurry and
we gotta go at paint
what are you doing snake snakes dress
huh snakes dress
you're gonna end it Derby oh I am and
then I'm emceeing the Pinewood Derby
master of ceremonies it means I'll be on
the microphone son whoa
I'm gonna be like and then this next car
I made now son tarts done all of this I
just have been wanting to stand on it a
little bit yes sir he's on stage already
yeah
these are gonna be like the early Justin
Bieber tape so it's like here's when he
was a baby he would get on counter and
he put the sunglasses on you dance
around and eat all the raisins and then
he gained a thousand pounds and that's
how he was known as the biggest raisin
eater in this side of the Mississippi
and he was also a plumber that's why I
had a butt crack all raisins Rock chart
I love your glasses bro blues playin the
baby spoons he's playing the baby blue
and then he runs off the stage dive at
his life harmonica show he's good
got mommy's music mommy cards music
whole side of the family cuz he doesn't
get that from the butler side I'm on the
phone by the way these people are
probably acting like I'm on the phone
with Brent right now you guys Brett I
was talking with Brad I saw you with
Brett about footage he's like okay what
do you know something from footage for
tomorrow like hold on rocks cards so
this will be interesting for you breath
because you heard all this and then
you're gonna edit it and then upload it
hey Brett do some beatboxing he's gonna
be doing any minute I know all right
I've seen goodbye to the vlog never
talked to Brett phone regulated this
later is a weird vortex that we're in
right now oh yeah this is Ali's okay bye
you guys
wait Jake hear me oh where am I oh wow
is this fence late I knew it was cuz I'm
its fully adult anyway so you know how
you can gain ten pounds if you're on TV
it looks like you're heavier well the
same thing happens with phone but with
beatboxing it seems 70% more lame but
really it was awesome beatboxing you'll
have to trust me on that my mom says I'm
an awesome beat boxer all right so check
out yesterday's vlog check out I'm
feeling lucky
which I don't even know that's linking
to because I like to annotate while I'm
blindfolded all right that's it I'll
talk to you guys later bye I got a B
right now
