hi login here Brock tard what's on the
agenda for today what do we got to do
eat some toast
you ate all the watermelon huh was on
your schedule get some emails to send
it's important means to go to huh have
some things to jump on counters to climb
on electronic devices to break up it's
to get into just get some eggs to eat
eggs to throw on the floor and pick up
later is pretty good though what's on
our agenda for today mom she's a hot cat
special vlog this morning for my channel
and then we're doing the podcast and
it's raining today so I'm gonna wear my
galoshes and Ivy oh I wanted to run 15
miles this morning but I can't because
of the rain what I need a treadmill or
an umbrella due to kind of stop maybe I
should go I feel like I'm gonna be
soaking wet plus the puddles that's
what's annoying is I know there's been
example I think when you run in the rain
we just have to plan for getting
completely soaked remember you have to
wear like your specific range new rain
running shoes or have any of those
rock-hard
Bratz would be so proud of you right now
listen head
he's beatboxes he came down the stairs
going it was really adorable trust me I
was there yes oh yeah gotta add some
some vocals in there good job
rock and roll e obey front of missing or
two will you have the make up for it
you're absolutely fabulous
if you guys are wondering why my
children have makeup on because I did a
little makeup tutorial for my channel it
should be really interesting because I'm
really awesome at makeup no I'm not and
I'm not a professional but it was fun
and it should be a little comical yeah
you want to be a singer
what will your name be if you're a
singer Ariel Ariel blue beautiful rock
chart
explain this to get all the paper towels
out are you trying to wipe off that
working I seriously do it again ready to
go it was adorable every time you do I'm
having raisins and granola as a little
snacky snack for dad and then I had some
yogurt an apple oh it's such a healthy
deliciousness
give a whole routine to come out here
come on here good let's see this routine
from the very beginning go ahead out in
the rain out on the range so it's
authentic you want to get your umbrella
in the rain go out there in the grass a
little bit farther there we go okay now
you're getting oh oh oh stupid God's
words out of my toes all right let's see
your danced out that is amazing hello
hello welcome here today that sounds
like a primary song Church we welcome
you today
dude I seriously put my toe I was
walking out here and I just kicked that
sprinkler right on the toenail I think
my toenails a little bit longer than it
should be so I like pulled the toenail
back mmm I need to cut my toenails I
just was thinking that the other day as
I was putting my socks on I was like oh
you need to pay your toenails Shay you
ever when you see your toenails and
you're like a little bit embarrassed
like you've left them go a little bit
too long like you I need to cut my
toenails before somebody sees that and
now I'm regretting it cuz I just kicked
that sprinkler head no I hurt I think I
hurt my toenail
right you thought I lost one but I
actually have to cuz the other karate
class I just rang Oh Ali empty strip
alright we'll get it on dude let's go to
karate all right you ready to go
watching this weird Dark Crystal movie
mins trip we have an ant's on a log this
your favorite movie who's ever had this
this is a fun favorite snack the mom
makes for the kid cards it's celery with
peanut buttery you make these too though
my mom used to make these for me when I
was a kid food if you've never had this
try it get yourself some celery peanut
butter and raisins and it's called amps
on the log get it there's like they're
little ants on a peanut butter log you
like it it's delicious
loving it baby tard just likes all the
peanut butter and raisins out of it she
doesn't need the celery cuz she's a
spoiled
just kidding she's only a little bit do
your dance again mommy tired did you see
her dance by the way yeah you got to get
those cuz I got to take those to Brett
and Ally before 4 o'clock so I gotta
take sunt art to soccer practice no no
no where are you going karate
what do you Aaron what do you signed up
for what crap do we sign yet corn
I already did suck well we'll do that
next you're doing karate right now all
right we got to be there by 4:00 it's
341 I got to deliver all these calendars
to Brett Natalie because they're stuff
them in envelopes and shipping them off
across the world there may be cards will
be here doing her umbrella dance look at
all that bad luck you've been open to
the umbrellas in the house it's bad luck
broke down Oh seriously that's right
woman wise home of years and years such
sorry to our calendar really yeah yeah
oh yeah who got this down in there if
yours is smudge it's because I just
wiped mommy tarts boogers on on your
counter starring it this one has the
buggers on it not alert snort alert
there's buggers all over this calendar
heads on a log and sign a log I love you
our hands on a lock sorry I'm blonde
obnoxious I know speaking of which dude
he's been asleep for like three hours
but it's always better to let him sleep
I think we should wake him up you do it
that is my policy never wake a sleeping
baby yeah he's kind of hope he's awake
he hears us out of here so a monster
baby hey naked man what's up dude how
was your nap
do you have a good nap huh face
what come out here and have ants on a
log he's like so get him out here a good
brother
he's still tired dude he's looking like
he's still tired using oh you're not
going very soft and gentle he like
suppose you think that's funny is that
pretty funny to you fart joke so get the
second there's every time you're ready
for karate
hey and then listen will you help me out
we need to grab the box those calendars
in those boxes
hurry and go get your shoes on there's
two boxes over there that are already
filled with calendars need to go put
those in the back of my truck okay but
put them on the inside cuz it's raining
okay can you do that grab my keys off of
the key thing up off the keyring and put
those two boxes in the back of my truck
in the back like where this seat is k
cuz it's raining I love having a son you
know a big strapping young lad who can
carry things and push everything's and I
can just sit here my little boy little
boy he slept a long time today he took
like a three-hour now and that my
responsibility is to take son card to
karate and watch him and then mommy
hurts taking the girls to gymnastics
he's gonna wake up he'll be in a good
mood pretty soon he just has to ease
into the day sometimes so annoying this
is no not gonna do it track you're not
gonna complain there we go I knew you
had it in you because there's a box all
right well we're not doing very healthy
tonight we're making homemade pizza and
so this naked juice the girls are at
gymnastics with mommy tired they're
headed home so target karate and now
he's doing some homework reading poems
has to answer questions from poems
that's never fun story problems like
recollection of like where would this be
and these reading all these and having
some pizza rocked are just chilling out
in his hot chapter of delicious meals
yeah what do you got you got a finger
there we see that we see that little boy
how's your pizza eat it do you like it
I'm in the hot yeah yeah do you like
that chair of deliciousness hey dude I
don't like you it's so good
well you want to drink you want some of
this here bro dude check this out would
you watch my little man go to town on
this oh here you go dude
open it go ahead drink tray you still
chewing you don't want to you don't a
drink like you're chewing okay well I
don't want to mess up your routine there
yes you have a hand congratulations the
little baby here try that drink it come
on dude here here it's open track take
that well whatever is beating them lying
about it and then me and mommy tart I
did a bunch of vegetables oh that's some
steamy steam steam vegetables and some
sausage and peppers and pineapples
oh yeah dog got to me delicious what a
good husband I am taking the kids to
karate cooking dinners Sun tarts doing
his homework how's the backyard the poop
looking you didn't get out there Kato
you can have double tomorrow cuz the Sun
has set in the southern sky just what it
said other not to the rise in I am NOT a
musician thank us drink it drink it
drink it drink it I love this Jews and
so dollar chance it's so funny whenever
he drinks this stuff he just shoves it
and it's thick - it's like thick juicy
have just shaved up and he just like
call home
well he definitely has enough to eat Oh
Snapple pie-in-the-sky
what Oh Hannah Montana yeah I should
just let the one-and-a-half-year-old
figure it out because obviously I'm not
helping things here do it I'm sorry I
spilt reduce on your pizza let's just
I'll just move this over
yep the pizza in the juice it's all in
the same place no no no no no he's gonna
shuck it I saw that tape he cares yeah
sorry he checks it out oh this is
everywhere I cannot believe I was just
sitting here enjoy tonight's meal
now look at all this yeah my dad the guy
who thinks he can do everything you just
watch them and he spills juice all over
my train it's all over my pizza am I
expected to just eat this now like no
that's pretty good hardly tell oh dude
what is this that is a no-no young lady
honey look rocked arts village juice all
over his freakin pizza
such a brat I can't believe he's dead
yeah I just kidding it was me all over
my hands Hey look I made us pizza I made
us dinner I'm a good husband eat your
pizza I was six so did you do backflips
today what did you do tell me what you
did to start had a Hanson contest this
weekend and she almost beat me it was a
close one
all right welcome home from gymnastics
go have some pizza I made yet delicious
just for you baby tard
how was gymnastics for you okay no no no
dude we got pizza look check it out okay
look at it tell me what you think about
it I ate a lot of that pizza it was like
one of those where you have like three
pieces and you're like okay that's good
I'm full and you look over and there's
like two more sitting on the stove and
that's what your editor over and I eat
all of him I was that's I went on my way
to text you I got tired and I needed two
more pieces of pizza to get me through
and then by the time I was gonna send it
I'd already eaten I'm gonna do is that
what your texts Mike last night and I
passed out in a fit of drooling pizza
yesterday's vlog rocker dude it don't
pull up a new podcast brand-new it was
controversial yes we hate the gays check
it out
