hi in here alrighty are going to target
today what are we getting at target
thing we need to get dog food from lkk
dude come here check out so it's hard
it's still polishing on this thing look
at this
it's looking good man yeah dude you're
getting all the scrapes out of it I like
the profile man I think that's gonna be
a cool car you like it it looks good
I mean after cutting it with the saw
remember what it looked like looks way
more sleek now huh you had a good old
sandpaper resistance or drag yeah you
want the air to just flow over because
that's that's what's keeping this from
going down fast as the air so the
smoother you can get it and those smooth
lines over the top the better a faster
will go what sandpaper you on right now
that's 150 grit that's the finer now
it's starting to fill what did I tell
you is it soft its soft no you surprised
how soft it is it's really it gets
really smooth okay let's go
mom you ready to go to tarjay already
gonna tarjay and get some sweet stuff
for Shay forget except for me what are
we gonna get you like trash bags it's
not fun stuff we're going shopping yay
for diapers and wet wipes and trash bags
and yeah shampoo and all the crap that a
house of 800 people need for how
everybody how many people live in this
house including malachi 7 well seven
main residents in this house and then we
have people in here all the time don't
we so we have we've to buy out of toilet
paper and stuff like that alright let's
go ahh hi Mike you ready to go
whoa dude that's disgusting princess
Tori can you believe you flagellated
like that he's mister flatulating face
what is this foot right here how about I
tickle it how would I check out that
tech oh no this one hey you want a
facepalm first bomb which reminds me I
know we still haven't given away the
facepalm body slam shoes which we need
to do rock-hard me and you need to pick
a winner me and Roger actually did watch
some of them there's one with a little
kid on an orange couch what yeah we're
gonna go shopping y'all go shopping when
it'll sit in the car huh do not put your
finger and a one and a half-year-old
teeth you or bite them off Oh
oh you'll break and break your finger
you are a war I break it off I'll break
it off and beat you over the head with
this finger like that one hey listen
we're not getting any pets all right no
pets unless they're super cute then get
him if he's really cute yeah we need to
get some dog food for now okay this one
looks cute she turn away but kid kid
quit sternum I bought him getting my
hair done Jose can you tell the kid to
get out of here he's starting my body so
embarrassing Jose time to get out of
here it's pressing his face up against
the window dude are you starting my body
I don't care if he's dead my bad
I have a pretty part hey you kids get
out of here like you've done it is but I
like used to what do I do
all right we have 800 pounds of dog food
now for Malachi we got him a fish oil
and we even got him some of this for his
hips I guess this is the lady so this is
good for old dogs and the hips and
Malachi is gonna be nine years old
we got him another pad too so he can
rest and she said that we did a good job
because any Great Danes
live over seven means we took really
good care of him Amalekites gonna be
nine so we're good parents he's our
first kid I always say that I'd say that
to everybody he's the first kid that me
and you ever had huh yeah then we had
all these other four losers
nice shirt bro I was telling mommy turd
that any society that has pets or the
aunt and just like a store that can
thrive where you literally just go buy
things to support a toy you know this
isn't that what a pet is or some people
it's a companion but others it's like a
toy or I think for most people as a
companion I guess but it's in a society
that you know there's all this stuff I
think it's a sign that we're doing well
in other generations it's Malik I would
be their first source of food you know
if we were doing really bad I guess I
would be like caveman days honey can we
eat Malachi for dinner tonight no good
one babe pretty bird pretty bird this is
cool these are like little balls of hay
his little birds can come and get you
see that's that oh that's a pretty one
wouldn't you say well pets pets I'd say
would you say you're majority people
have pets for companionship be the kind
of like as like a toy I get to show off
what are the reasons people have pets
that's what I'm saying we're doing
pretty good in a day and age that you
know can support all of this like what
somebody has a business that they sell
these yeah who makes that crap together
but I guess these birds love it thirty
bucks too much a wire and blah die for
your whatever
I doubt it now say that
who cares you guys really exciting we
just found spider-man it's right here on
the side of this building do these going
to save somebody yeah he's gonna go save
somebody inside that apartment I bet I
bet just somebody's paying way too much
on car insurance
see him right there wants two cards to
drive around No
is that cars he's using the chips like
their cars he's driving them around whoa
another jump Oh too bad
oh snap your hands are getting too heavy
your hands got too heavy for the
vehicles Oh crush I crossed you where
Thielen burger having a delicious dinner
together as a family
I got the Thunder got the vegetarian
tacos I got the vegetarian burger baby
tired knuckle certain words were you
didn't get the knuckle sandwich
but you've got the knuckle sandwich
medium-rare Oh cheeseburger with fries
where'd you get these our mac and cheese
mac and cheezles okay so KC is gonna put
together I just bought one of these
freaking pull-up bars so I'm gonna start
doing some pull-ups on my chart we're
gonna be doing pull-ups okay Haley I
wanna see you on the pull-up bar twice a
week all right
5:30 a.m. every morning braylee pull-ups
ASAP all right Casey's putting this
together for me because he is a freakin
MacGyver when it granted tools I just
recently saw Justine at a video there
she was putting together one of these
Pacey
can you put together one of these faster
than I just stand its casein I just
steamed bread Goga the footage from her
video put them up and let's get a timer
and go that's a dozen uh bread eights me
Brad he's making him do this
takes a lot of time and stupid never
mind I'm Phil right let's see your TV
will be too aggressive that's right I
want it to be sturdy Casey don't worry
about this one I'll put this one
together I'll be sure to read all the
instructions this I was standing like
this chick was hot I was like so like
funny anyways guys we're just hanging
out I'll see you later baby and
domination okay in case you do that he
put it together look on the side it's
like leverage basically okay let's see
it
it won't trust me dude it's sturdy I
just hung on it for like five minutes no
no there it might be use those I suppose
okay can you do part no mom I just leave
it there so every time I go pee I'm
gonna come by and do a pull-up I'm tired
though I used to do ten how're you gonna
do
I bet you rock like this rock rock did
you all watch how tough he is
watch him Oh
easy-cheesy oh good maybe my comfortable
just like
all right you heard it first and I may
just kiss one of them
officer for any swab or everybody we're
really sorry you do not have to tell
them that I haven't been doing it to all
of them so no one's gonna buy them
