hey Shh my baby boy his name is a rock
face
hey what he doing he's hopping on the
stairs are you doing monkey face huh dad
I'm just walking up and down the stairs
just thought I'd come down and see what
you guys are doing what's going on over
here
coloring what would you call her
coloring should we show more Shrek honey
that we were doing I don't know if they
can handle it what is this guy gonna do
I want to see what he's gonna do he's
gonna try to climb oh I'm gonna use this
chair here I'm a smart little baby I
know how to crawl up I can get on top of
just about anything
Rock turds I told him on his hurt be
nice I told mommy tard the rock card is
happy if he's on the highest thing in
the room with all of the telephones he
loves anything yeah everything that's
electronic and he likes to climb on top
very kind of he's excited okay I got my
bed he's always so eager about
everything okay rock hard why you always
ruining everything
princess hard just share with your
brother for being a button Hey people
were saying in the comments that I
shouldn't be I shouldn't say that you
can't cut your hair because I was
wanting to come keep my hair long so do
you really want to cut your hair do it
okay here's what I'm saying the only
reason I'm saying that I don't think you
should cut it is because you saw Brailey
do it and then you just got all excited
and now you want to do it I think you
might regret it after you do it so I'm
just saying look how long and pretty
your mom's hair is
and rock turns putting his foot down he
wants you to keep he'll honk but if you
really really really want to cut it
prints it's hard you can okay you can do
whatever you want it's your hair yeah
are you serious
as I was hoping I could like talk her
out of it like okay okay right now you
want to look just like your cousin if
Bailey jumped off a cliff would you jump
off a cliff okay guys if she cuts her
hair that means I don't have to cut my
hair okay he wants to color
hey see what you got your football okay
see Bilbo is ready let's show let's show
our trip while we turn okay Casey I
guess yeah um let's do our track ready
okay princess Carter you really cut your
hair tomorrow
Wow look at that you're a gymnast you
will crush her tiny bones might our
hands may be tired what are you doing up
there dude we have a stage for freak out
over here jeepers what what where are we
going baby turn Oh where's the pull-up
bar mommy tard
mommy tart keeps moving the pull-up bar
oh so she could peek get it baby girl
wants to do pull-ups dog baby turn how
many pull-ups can you do huh can you do
one pull-up yeah it's for that baby up
there yeah that's right that's right
good came out meet her let's see you do
a pull-up go
oh you're one of these shaycarl shirts
what size is that I think people want to
know what size this is this is a woman's
extra small extra small yeah
what okay okay you guys I'm use fair
SpiderMonkey so it's dead oh oh you're
so tight it's not fair jump the whole
family has to do at least one alright
that's tired its Sun towards turn daddy
daddy will you do these every day their
manners won't take Sunday
