and you crank it out like a champion on
the Carter show no I am talking about my
first job ever you did
potato warehouse yeah she used to work
at a potato warehouse I quit I ride my
bike I don't know bike to the office and
back today thought owning my truck I
asked so how is that walking down an
alleyway or hotdog Posse konchem like Oh
with Snoop Dogg okay cool whatever was
on like walking down the alley and I see
this Posse coming Snoop Doggy people and
then like two mountain men there was
like this dude who was like six eight
four hundred pounds gigantic he had some
swagger oh yes he definitely had some
swagger he's tall too and he picks his
nose just like baby that is disgusting
we're talking about Snoop Dogg and you
throwing it with a booger pic to the
skirt this isn't rapping and I got some
footage of him watching epic Rap Battles
of History
he loved one and I even told him I said
you need to be in a crab battles of
history
dude cuacamole and Snoop dis all
guacamole and Snoop dizelmine not my
money and my money on my mind you get
that done
I don't think so dude I like your hair
long yes you do look like Rapunzel no
it's long and beautiful you want to cut
your hair like this short would you
really cut it you would that's short let
me see you put it like right up to your
chin your shoulders it might be cute I
like it long thank you look valiant fuse
there's my baby boy
that's our cheerio
that's our chariot give it watch it is
dirty hey everybody we are sitting in
traffic right now and
it is a current state of our lives but I
don't mind it I don't mind sitting
dropping sitting here I would change our
currency GA from there it start climbing
the top of the rope but this cool jazz
music to go along with it
dude dude yeah spun gymnastics spun
athletics - Bobby it's cool I know
what's doing it try it out everyone's
doing it you're feeling great
hey Kaylee let's do it shout hooray
we're exercising there she is from the
top of the road waving go to the top you
would go to the top all the way to the
top
and such an attitude look we're on
camera the Home Depot sees a light
here we got attached back here dude look
check this out
dance infernity News get up return the
camera right here
look look at yourself look at the camera
looking looking there
I just see we're no dad's in the I adapt
Allah star we dance at home you know no
one's get out there get our groceries
let's go we're buying stuff to build Sun
tardes Home Depot or his Home Depot his
uh freaking find what Derby's that's
part of it as sandpapering to find what
dirty so it's extra smooth and we bought
a coping saw to cut it be ready for you
that's a coping saw in yeah we put look
into the camera all right here we go I
don't know about you but I always like
my babies Parmesan cover much parmesan
you got there who left the bowl of
parmesan next to rock-hard where is it
by the way there was a small bowl of
parmesan that rock tart looks like you
want some Parmesan cheese that looks
like he just dipped it in his face oh my
gosh eat your noodles young man rocks I
really wanted to order this Snickers QT
so we had to do it for the baby and the
environment safe stop
alright bro what are we doing okay
where's your saw where's the song
freaking do we need the coping saw bro
are you thinking dude he needs we need
to get the coping saw what do you guys
reading over there you reading a
storybook how many stories are you
waiting tonight ah - that's barrel other
way
how are you again what bread hit it
don't suck here every time I walk into
the room she looks at me and she's like
Oh picking your nose what is with your
nose if you can I'll give you $100,000
you keep your hands off your face for
two seconds just let me know if that
tickles okay easy chill I was grabbing
the coping saw action is going to hit
you but then I saw the coping saw so I
was like so here's what we're gonna this
is the old-fashioned style we're
supposed to have like a plane saw
anyways we don't have that so it's a
large power tool so we're gonna do this
the old-fashioned way this is how the
Pioneers did it so we also got where's
the other stuff let's show them what
else we got because this is what I
remember from my Pinewood Derby hours
and hours of sanding we got some
sandpaper so what we're gonna do is
where's your design dude so let me see
your block here's what we got to do so
here's your body where's the pencil
you're gonna want to get a pencil where
you can erase because you're gonna want
to like go over your design so basically
imagine that this is your block of wood
and then you're gonna want to figure out
how you want it you can have it like
scoop down so has a long hood and then
go up or you know start up here and have
like a big boat you know we can Google
some images here of Pinewood derbies and
look you can look at a bunch I think
there are certain dimensions that we
have to keep it within but you can pick
a design that you like and then we can
put it on the block we'll trace it or
we'll probably draw it down here and
then we'll trace it onto here know this
yeah
is this one you like watch you like that
one right there okay and then what we'll
do is we'll take this coping saw and
then you know what we messed up today at
Home Depot we should have bought a clamp
because we need to clamp this down to
the table and then we're gonna do is
you're gonna take this and go and just
cut along the line and then after you
cut it you're gonna get the sandpaper or
you're gonna sand it so it's nice and
smooth and then we'll paint it hey dog
all right time lapse of this being done
just kidding I'm too lazy to do that
we'll show you a work done stupid that
wasn't very nice sorry okay here we go
we're gonna make some Pinewood Derby
excited what colors are we gonna payment
Lightning McQueen come on dude you got
to be more original than that you know
copy eyes cartoon race car I saw this
you want to do camel flies maybe we can
do some camouflage paint all right we'll
figure it out doing you not certified to
run that saw young man could be like
well you haven't had the proper training
so I'm cartons receive initial training
on his top and ship that are working
with knives saws hatchets and blade
that's scary
I'm standing on this block of wood that
is about the extent of my expertise this
is just yeah mommy turns right here oh
dude your Baldy and that's embarrassing
I see a bald spot right there it's not
easy you got to get into it and make
sure you're following the lines there's
a pattern on the side you see the
pattern on the side I want to try I
could use a coping saw just cuz I'm a
baby
if you fall in the line there's a
pattern we have a design that we're
working with her it's not it's not easy
more constant term teller I've been
standing here for three and a half hours
you got it son guard where's he going
I can I can only see your pants I'm
gonna call you pants from now on hey
pink pants yes I'm tired you're folding
too it is that's so embarrassing yours
are all going bald
especially this good how far okay let me
see it
oh my foots hurt let's see how far have
we made any progress I feel like we're
on the island like freakin Oh saws are
flying that's not good I should be
careful all right this is dude good
thing we got a lot of sandpaper oh man
look at that that's Suns are our car I'm
sorry listen I'm more of a creative kind
of guy not not necessarily the best with
yeah the people of the art department
and maker they have like the right saw
you want to wait then and then or do you
want to just keep you want to keep going
and then expand it with the hand tools
it'll have character but listen
seriously you can sand a lot at that
sound maybe we'll take a lot of that
wood down and it'll make a lot of
difference all right here you come stand
on this would let me look dad saw that
thing you're not heavy enough you're not
qualified does it be a clamp I need a
big I need someone with big Oh mommy
tard you'd be perfect come hold that
baby I knew had Pisa
he's a chunky monkey that's a good 35
pounds 35 pounds of pure lovin all right
son tired let's show them our Pinewood
Derby we've been whittling away on this
thing for ever okay flip it around okay
so that's that's basically the style I
think it looks cool okay so now dude
we're gonna go get the sandpaper and
your job is there some 50 grit sandpaper
in there you'd be surprised how much you
can shape this would like see all these
corners all these corners should be
rounded and you're getting to get that
sandpaper and sand this
entire block of wood really good and
then you can shape it like as you get
the sandpaper and you start going over
this you can start shaping and like get
down in there and get all of that all
that stuff sanded down so it's to
totally smooth okay okay that's your job
dude
seriously yeah no I mean I'll show you
kind of how it needs to be but you're
for like the next day and a half you're
gonna be sanding that thing sorry what
job get out of the way of progress
moment the Pinewood Derby trains coming
through yeah dude you need to stand the
crap out of this thing alright it's
pretty crude looking but we did it by
hand with a coping saw it's pretty cool
right burn okay we're gonna have a
little lesson in sandpaper now this is
also true for granite when I polished
granite these same principles apply okay
so when you're sanding wood or when
you're trying to like wear something
away this is basically like the style of
erosion you use a harder surface to you
know break away a softer surface so when
I did granite we had to use diamond pad
these pads that had diamonds in them to
cut the granite to cut it away so this
sandpaper will cut away so here this is
how it works uncharted you need to learn
this this sixty grit that's like your
powerful stuff that is like the low grit
that will cut a lot of this big wood
away but as you go up you want to go to
the finer sandpaper so then you up to
150 that's so it's like it's a little
bit nicer like the wood starting to look
a little bit smoother and then once it's
like you got all these big nicks out and
all these big because like see that
those edges you should get all that out
so this should all be smooth and you're
gonna use mostly the 60 to do all that
work then once it's all the same like
shape then you're gonna go up into 150
grit so this is like finer sandpaper so
that's gonna get all the finer little
things out of it and then once you
finally get it all shaped all nice and
tall the grooves are out of it then
you're gonna go up to the 220 that's the
high grit stuff that's gonna make it so
soft you won't believe it
like you'll feel it now and feel how
rough it is and all the corners when
you're done with this do it and you're
done with that 220 that's gonna be like
a baby's bottom that wood will be you'll
be surprised how soft it will get from
sanding okay so these three dudes are
your buddies so start with the 60 get
that 60 out yeah grab the paper pull it
out of there and you're gonna start
sanding away
this day I'm just gonna like wrap this
around your hand here filming let me
show you let me give you a lesson here
on sandpaper and a frickin dirt whip
derby car Pinewood Derby so you're gonna
kind of get your finger like this
KC look the house see how those rivets
see the goal is to get all those rivets
out of there Wow see and you'll see fill
this so that see what so if you want to
like maybe use like two fingers like
pull it over to your fingers and just
push really hard you can get like in
these in these rivets right here in
these rivets it's hard work you have to
get your knuckles in there get some
splinters need to get all the sides get
all those corners wear down all those
corners don't want any sharp corners on
this baby I like this top angle thing
right here stand that see how it's
starting to shape dude oh okay get that
that grit and just start going to town
when you start whittling away on that
thing and and listen to it it's gonna
take a long time like you need to get
into every little crevice and then and
then every once in a while stop look at
it blow on up you know move it around
and start to look at it dude keep
looking at cuz you'll be surprised at
how much you can shape it with that
sandpaper so just started getting in
there use your hands it's all about hard
work you know you gotta get in there and
shape it get to feel the wood you got to
become one with the wood you start to
feel it and start to mold it and it
becomes like a project you start to see
it there you go
and I'm talking like you're gonna be
standing on this thing for a couple days
yeah and you and you'll see don't push
too hard on the corner like that cuz if
you get that too far in you're not to be
able to bring that out so you want to do
everything even so try to do big strokes
you know what I mean don't do like in
one little spot too hard because then
it's gonna get like a big divot and then
you're like oh now I messed that up so
everything should be like even across
the whole thing so you want to slowly
take everything down you know
does that make sense yeah okay cuz you
can't bring the wood back once you sand
it away so just kind of go slowly over
the whole thing and you slowly shape it
little by little and it's gonna be like
you're gonna be sat on that for a couple
of days yeah see and it does and then so
but you ought to keep going because look
like in inside there see that cut you
want to get rid of all those all those
rivets and then once you get all those
out then you get the up to the hi
regrets how they were all right keep
working on it this is fog wood Derby
central yeehaw I should get a frickin
parenting Scout badge for help in here
that's the key not to do too much cuz
it's easy like I started taking over out
there I was like kind of like give me
give me that
like I can do this and I started sanding
it like just now a nice sentiment that
was like addicting it's fun to do go get
a Pinewood Derby do it with 20-year fat
parents one of your dad's got a dad
we'll get it done hurry go find one I'll
be your dad okay your dad's where you're
my kid you're grounded hey guys make
sure you watch today's video at
tomorrow's video I'm doing excited hey
this is hard to start make sure that you
watch those videos today
