one changes
che does with his family
it's over
rain is much
DejaVu guys this is totally turnover
right now did I just sign one of these I
think I decided onesies all right what's
this for just for the vlog for mouth no
this is for the president we're going to
send it to them
Obama listen listen up Mitchell mom we
are stopping the sale of Shh our
calendars and 48 hours from when you see
this message Obama because this message
is gonna stop the strut so 48 hours the
sale of Chase hard calendars is stopping
if you want one get one now because we
have to make a last print we need to
know exactly how many to make so if you
want a shade hearts calendar if you
don't order in the next two days you
will lose out forever ever ever on the
chance of getting one unless as well
yeah we'll make a new one next year but
for these calendars 2 days 2 days or
Durham look we're shipping the last ones
out that's in the last boxes or shipping
them last the boxes are going so you got
two days order but then that's it yeah
we're signing all of them and if you
didn't get one but you were supposed to
you have to email and I'll say this for
the last payments with an S at Chez Carl
calm with your order number name address
all that info anyway because please we
have a hundred people who didn't provide
their addresses and I have about 20
people who we've gotten them returned
because your addresses yeah we have a
big send yeah over here so yes if you
think you should have gotten your
calendar by now and you haven't gotten
it email at payments at shaycarl calm
email their alley ain't at payments at
shake all calm okay then we'll look up
your order number so leave your order
number your email if it was your PayPal
or your mom's PayPal or all that as much
information as you can in the first
email that you sent her and we'll figure
out where your calendar is the world and
we will get it too I promise
so two more days to order one we're
signing every single one of them every
once in a while um the kids will sign it
everyone know I'll
yeah you can we have an apple or but me
and mom eat are signing all the rest of
them so two more days and then they're
gone forever alright so thanks to all of
you I loved all the twit pics of you
guys getting them those are exciting to
see so thanks love you guys ah
scared ya dude play some more freakin
harmonica bro your son an amazing
invention yeah man sounded amazing on
the Monica place uh Martin let's hear it
I'll do I think you're burning it Oh
Trent wait something is on rock hard
turn the popcorn maker on some smells
like it's going off I don't know Robert
do you not start the house on fire your
brother's not home to run this thing hey
stop play some harmonica stick to music
dude does you're not a cook you're a
musician bro played the harmonica yeah
play it
let's hear sounds good bro do you think
they retard what you like your eggs and
your watermelon and your toast
well rocked our dead and Kelly throw
them on the floor how rude thank you
thanks for you and you don't appreciate
oh okay I see just throw it back up
we're having eggs and watermelon daddy
I'm watching a single ladies of single
ladies I'm signal a DS all the single
ladies ha ha hi love this is this music
video it makes me want to dance all day
what do you think bigot are singing
you've seen it seen it I see so that's
one version I suppose that's the golden
version hey we're ready to get out yes
yeah well today good day guys cuz I
worked out this morning day that means
that I'll probably crash in about 2
o'clock ok yes what's your favorite song
ever
baby target Katie K Katie Kerry who's
that
Terry Oh which song did you sing
oppressed I'd you do the race again you
remember Betty over by your watch
yeah you're just seeing Joe goofy oh my
goodness oh my goodness
tickle tickle tickle what do you want to
be when you grow up hey hey you know
what have I done what have I got you
want to be a singer like me today yeah
hey what do you want to be you want to
be a watermelon okay I'll get you one
never appreciate anything I know who
will appreciate these eggs don't you
Malakai how do you guys whistle when i
whistle I have to suck in or it doesn't
make a sound like when I go
yeah I have to like is that Dom hey I
need to work on my whistling skills can
you whistle
show me how you whistle Oh burp you burp
e-card where's dawn
he's not responding name is eating mice
in the garage hi hey hey hey oh oh oh
doing so one word oh oh what's this oh
sweet sweet see I told you he would
appreciate them never making you X again
Rock time that's not really how it works
look if you picked up that Chow I got
him out of a seat clean him up he walks
over to the food hold on woman I got a
tell about this pollutes Larry he walks
over to who picks up the egg puts the
egg on the floor and then proceeds to
wipe it up good job
he's like I only play that game we need
more eggs on the floor what do you want
to show us baby charge oh wow that is
the craziest dance you get your clothes
on sir you're so handsome it makes any
difference
oh sorry about my guys it's just too fun
it's too tempting
mommy tard where are you going young
lady no mommy sorry
I just tripped over my shoe don't trip
over your shoe
run really fast on a show in the bottom
of your shoes the bottom where she's in
that cool
oh my mommy tardo she's so hot hotter
than Vince Lombardo
that's hilarious bye do look at this
beautiful day oh the sun shining with
that palm tree hey mister palm tree
hey exotic looking Bush hi ally ha we
have a spot you don't lose there there's
like no parking spots we going to the
office go into our podcast right now
how many tart is being cute as ever
walking down the alleyway hey we're
going to Costco after this
double-oh-seven
shake this is an emergency we are late
for the podcast we're always late I feel
bad
raw hair is gonna be pissed off at us
we're always late yes shake if we don't
get to the podcast and these people will
not you're a podcasting for 30 minutes
serious it's so important this is so
important hello you guys today I am
going to a very special event I'm all
dressed up I've got my flower bow my
shawl and my nice purse and my makeup
and some gifts for the hosts of the tea
party and I'm going to today I'm
princess chard informed me that there
are two rules to the tea party you have
to wear a pretty dress which I think
this is pretty enough what do you guys
think
I hope it's pretty enough have to wear a
pretty dress oh crap I don't remember
the second rule huh I don't remember
let's go ask her we're going to the Tea
Party okay you guys get your pretty
dresses on and come with me
okay the other rule to the Tea Party was
that we have to be polite so we have to
wear a pretty dress and be polite right
braids is hard okay look they're all
they've been waiting for me so I'm gonna
go knock on the door
so I can see them okay stand up bomb
meters
I need a different chair cuz oh my
goodness different chair this is
audiences sorry I think I may have
broken your chit hello everyone this is
our Tea Party
we have tell everyone your name my name
is a can't remeber is it leesia lee-sia
leesia lee-sia and Annalise
annalee and this is Hubert and Hubert is
really stinky he's sort of put a little
bit of a damper on the Tea Party because
he stinks so bad but we already fixed it
and we all went and got our pets
this is unicorn and Danny Danny and this
is Michi so we are having a wonderful
tea party of marshmallows and mango
dried mangoes and an empty mint fox ah
Hubert we're having a wonderful time so
we will have to chat with you guys later
goodbye hello you guys we just went to
my beauty parlor and you look for you
and um vfc did her own makeup and
annalisa did mine and hers and you both
look fabulous Ragnarok there we go I
wanted his makeup um I don't think
Hubert is ready for that quite yet no
don't do all right just a little bit
well it matches greatly with his boogers
hanging Evan it's simply beautiful
okay that's all for him he will just
simply make a giant rock getting waves
applause do a thing he has me on well
you got a black eye
one of the other ones oh here put away
our makeup cuz we're to look
- I look fabulous guys bedrock chart is
Drees Bravo your follow the chair up and
the rocks are Kasich now we're going
back to the to party right yeah oh
that's a back to the zoo pata zoo - MS
injector the Beeman on definite call you
back because we're best friends yeah
baby
hey I'm leaving in a voice mail because
I know sniffing and swinging Lacan yes
I'm calling you now so just use this as
the end please check out today's podcast
I tell a sad story on how I lost one of
my favorite feelings when I was an
elementary school caller this kid I want
some women in solitude is this the pure
jerker in today's podcast click on the
history of all of you guys this video
all that crap I read this is that
buttery and thingy buried by
