like
as to the thing shape after his whole
family
the cat came back the very next day the
cat came back the very next day okay for
some reason both vomit are tonight this
song in our heads that little tune that
we just sing we don't know what you know
that's from where we know it from but we
both know it we both just started seeing
it why why did you sort of see me
because um there was a chair that was
left Oh God but Shea said that it was
gone and then somebody put it back there
listen I think it'll come back she does
no longer she goes once it's gone it
won't come back she didn't then she
started seeing thing cat came back and I
start singing it right at the same time
I'm like how do I know that song she was
I don't know how do I know that song
word and we both were trying to figure
out where we knew this song and we have
this hypothesis II can see an animation
maybe I got a cartoon I don't know where
we think that you everything that you've
ever done experienced said watched it
heard about looked at we believe it's
all in your mind and your I believe that
our brains are like the biggest hard
drive double quadruple 100,000 million
terabyte hard drive you've ever even
seen I don't know but the key is how do
we how do we withdraw than it how do we
access that's the problem like I I
really believe that all the information
like anything they've ever learned or
read or said or done is there in your
brain you just always can't bring it up
you always you know you can't always
remember a recall
that little things yeah you can access
it like if something can trigger it you
know it's it's all in there so be
careful what you do and say even the
smallest little thing because it's all
being stored not that we think it was
just like a giant hard-driving so think
about it makes me feel good at the same
time cuz I'm so forgetful like does
anything I think about all the things
the key thing is all the things you've
learned but then all the bad things
shine hard drive that's how it's gonna
work and then when you die God's gonna
plug your brain into his giant hard
drive and he's gonna see everything that
you have right there sugar deleted this
file son ye ye cuz our guts to say
you're going to hell we're going to
lunch cool meeting about something no
one can tell you what it is though we're
gonna eat we're gonna go eat
hey guys what are you doing rock hard
you're kicking your legs that's good
oh so now you're gonna be quiet now
you're just gonna stare and quiet no
he's been honoring all morning screaming
and yelling and running and why are you
doing yes are you gonna use those baby
apples you better not make a mess love
baby apples those baby apples aren't so
cute you guys we got these baby apples
it look like this and they're so cute
but check a button they're really sour
mm-hmm oh good reminds me oh I forgot I
had those glasses on my meat when I was
growing up we had a granny smith apple
tree granny smith apples are ruled the
red they're not red they're green sour
they're not sorry to me Wow are you just
so tough what you are all the attention
now only attention do you want to fight
about it
join a fight over the attention you want
to blog okay just for second base but it
works
I think he's so pretty huh we've decided
rotten trucks gonna be our little baby
girl now you're now a girl what will
your name be about ruckette tard she's
gonna be a regular rock at your cell
500k just smash cheese on the lenses
that will help you see better awesome
yeah do the other one look there another
one on now put them on weirdo cheese
eyeballs Evil's balls on your glasses
silly hey guys
this treadmill
I don't this time I'll just be here
lonely all day long
I love for analysis sometimes I don't
get a better workout thing something to
giddy that he's there with me side this
time such a flirt a babe sweaty until
embarrassment sweaty I hear you talk
down
you know something really wipe it off
you have the embarrass just gotta let it
drip that's why I love working out in
shape but it's really hard for me to
focus the public you see she's like
can't stop staring at my hot bod so
sorry her gonna work out alright let's
go give me ten of these you gotta do ten
of these bicep curls
I bought that shirt for you in Cleveland
Ohio on my tag your green road trip I
remember well they isn't that cool to
have those memories I remember in
Cleveland Ohio at the Rock n Roll Hall
of Fame I better find I'll be tired
something has a souvenir and I bought
her that shirt kid purchase huh all
right let's see 10 of these babe
biceps of Barnum it's ten how's that
felt you do ten of those
three
get in then you have a front-row ticket
to the game show how many is that seven
there's Sarah they're three more Carly
you'll know the county through your
veins of hold your breath nice see this
is a miscommunication misconception that
a lot of girls have that if they lift
weight they'll get all big and bulky but
metered monitors it's hard as she can
she wants her muscles to get big and
she's looking pretty pumped right now
but I don't think she looks like gross
you know it's really hard to get like
those you know those ladies and she
doesn't look ridiculous g-funk
house in the era delicious guess who's
in town Carly dizzle what do you been up
to with your life tell me about your
life well today where's Cooper so this
is the time where he has to go back to
Idaho those were my depressed life he
comes so it's back and forth huh
Cooper's a little bicoastal did back and
forth you stop mushy nobody waits in
line we should be able to fly to Africa
at 12 times and back for free that's
that's a lot of requirements how many
times these pipelines twelve times by
now twelve I was way more No
that's a lot we're about to have not
sucking our thumbs for dinner right off
so over here we're working on you kind
of doubt like that Pinewood Derby for
certain well you better get going you
know sometimes work on the design that
he wants how do you think we're gonna
cut it out dudes we have to go get a saw
or something I think they have one at
maker at maker studios because in the
prop Department because they made your
set didn't they they made all of our
sets go check out Cayley Kaylee's
channel that's the great thing about
maker is a production company for all of
us produces content for the Carly for
the katie'll a channel for the hey
Kaylie channel so but we'll probably use
this saw over there rock hard right okay
so we're having dinner mama tarde made
some delicious look at that mm-hmm
chicken sing it dog here have you yeah
yeah
what let's bring down
I'm starving okay who's gonna say it
better is that bonked in the head
okay everybody pulled arms amen oh the
best prayer ever and really I should go
check out the moms because we're so
totally awesome quit trying to promote
your stupid crap on my channel we cry a
lot there she did Carly in this episode
me and Casey are on the moms to you
Carly cries because she's grateful to
have me and Casey as father's to her son
yeah that might be why she's crying or
she's so disgusted that she has you as
rock turds dropping stuff on the ground
that was so mean check out yesterday's
vlog love you guys so check it out mom's
feel in the balls and you'll have so
much fun just watching her videos free
smiles bye
