say
say
oh what a beautiful morning oh that's
not the Sun rising oh it's your pants I
mistake I mistook it for the Sun rising
she's the smartest and most beautiful
person in the room how does it feel how
does it feel to be the most glorious
person I know so I was going to wear a
necklace with wings I see your mom is an
angel so what are you going to shoot
mom's on Luis yeah
without Carly we will admit Carly is
really good at it she's been sued those
pants are gonna do you a lot of favors
so it's gonna get a lot of attention
keep the eyes off the bums bros get the
eyes of the bums goes the bums rules I'm
going for a bike ride meanwhile okay see
you losers what are you doing
there's a little hole there oh hey is he
climbing the mountain the TV Mountain
that's like Tom Cruise bro hey don't
want to come inside no you're in trouble
go pick up all that why do you have to
chew things up bro huh I don't know got
this little stub of the tail so I'm kind
of mad at life yeah all right we are
coming down to the beach I already rode
my bike today on the beach 31 miles but
I like to come down here when the sunset
is very gorgeous I like to bring my kids
down here
I always think what cool memories would
it be having grown up running along the
beach every night are you fast on a
regular school night huh
got your book dude what are you eating
what does that look
the gate and your book reading machine
hey why are you looking so beautiful you
have to be that young new moms on sluice
would you what'd you talk about
well the first episode talked about like
chores and they literally they put some
stuff in her tongue to make it numb and
then she just talks for the no pump
breast feeding in public actually that
Giga tongue tongue haha xeno down here
to watch the sunset and it is already
done but the Sun is still his presence
is still being shown through its rays
it's chilly man it's cold it's winter in
California burger feels good the rocks
are I can feel him shivering on my back
pretty hey leather coat hey another coat
mommy tired beautiful you gonna jump off
that was easy
wait for me
this is what we're living for guys if I
had nothing else in the world but this
heavily on the beach that's all I mean
what are you gonna do with that it's
pressure to go here please do not go in
the water it is so cold what do you have
music as we watch the sunset could it
get any better than this Sun tired are
you doing the karate kid huh let's see
do the karate kid whoa oh dude do the
cruddy kid put put up son TARDIS
training for his big death fight for the
death match over a Chinese girl ma meet
our son tardes training to fight to the
death again I told him to stop training
to fight to the death but he won't
listen I'm up there like sucking little
you son tired don't get sucked out to
the sea just let that to the scene it
was sucking though when the ocean went
back in it was sucking the water through
there hey pink princess man you're
looking pink in the pretty sunlight
climbing up on is my boy here comes the
waves to take him away
he's soaking wet you probably got a nice
sea mist to the face
hey baby tart you having fun sitting
pretty down here on the ocean when the
Sun Goes Down something magical about it
don't you think
quick to start are you on your cellular
device young lady it's already happening
mommy tired and she has to be on what's
going on start are you having good times
with us this is where the sea would beat
against the rock the nighttime air
this is pretty intense man I like it is
gorgeous
makes you think we're to the song are we
all here mr. helicopter flying over all
right getting down here Oh ready Thanks
thing that rock heart is literally
literally I'm so sick of me saying look
he is holding the camera on his face cuz
he's blonde you know selfie is mimicking
us he's totally copying us that crazy he
runs around I love it
any camera and he looks around pictures
Hey Cub Scout leader come over here come
here is that a shirt you are a safari
guide come here and tell everybody what
you're what you're calling in what you
do a deadly specifically though the wolf
and bless your heart you wear that giant
Scout outfit cuz you're a good what are
you studying him out there dude I showed
you
how to make 100 super shows you in the
end science and pictures alright go to
Boy Scouts and he's already read through
that the whole first half he's already
passed off pretty much all the
requirements he's already being scouted
I remember my mom was my was one of my
Cubs delegate what should always help me
get all this stuff done there the house
Scouts you got to get involved okay nice
bit those boots those boots are from the
great fiasco they're great boot fiasco
2009 cut to that video brand I bought my
wife some boots I usually hate I think I
just borrow these boots do you guys like
these boots
it's like boots you're supposed to go
the same time this is the great boot
fiasco of 19 what yours the great boot
fiasco who remembers that I'm glad you
still have those because I really like
those boots when I bought you those
boots I saw those I was like those are
cool boots turn around let me see a
little modeling show yeah dude I am a
good boyfriend boot buyer
alright go to Scouts hey son I remember
yeah scout is trustworthy loyal helpful
friendly courteous kind obedient
cheerful thrifty brave clean and
reverent got it got it
okay love you bye and don't forget left
handed and congenial and clean
fingernails awesome can't think of a
better one than that you bought mantra
hey you guys I made of another video
with ed Bassmaster go check it out
me and him hanging out on a Segway
where'd mommy tards I Love New York sure
it was so tight on me yeah go click on
that it's really funny favorite it
thumbs up and comment on it please we
need your eyeballs put them in our
mouths
Oh bother I bought her by Mel dry
tomorrow bye
