pretty pretty pretty pretty darn
precious what it is Katie letting
shaycarl got the cutest kids and maybe
up on YouTube making all the bins and if
you don't know I'm gonna tell you like
this like this like son's heart got all
the girls on them got him wondering
how'd it get so handsome okay and baby's
heart she got that baby girl swag she
can get a little crazy just like her dad
what a rock part I see you starting the
walk hit that snaky leg then he hits the
driver presses hard when you whack
girlfriend back handspring it's a
perfect 10 huh yeah you know they pdf EP
two years done and he's on two three
we're ready for a video so let it be
clear hey he's buggy Wow whoo we're
going to the DS to the land to the
Disney's Mia's land crossing the street
as we have colors KC levere making his V
long be sure to go check out KC levears
V log on the youtubes doc Kimmel Kimmel
Disneyland Resort it's on the Internet's
they never checked out the Internet's
it's on the WWE set on the WWF's monkeys
no vlogging from PETA so today oh man
who's excited to go to Disneyland you
excited buddy
I'm tardes he's got a Tron sweater on
I'm wearing my Star Wars hoodie helped
Finny got this here last time we're here
princess start oh it is already from mad
that she promised her audience which I
guess is you guys then she would take
you to Disneyland and forgot her camera
so now she's super disappointed like any
good blocker would be they forgot their
camera while they were at Disneyland all
the kids stand right here you especially
get lost at Disneyland tard don't think
they know that story
yeah I haven't told that story yet all
right line up right here listen today
you must stare at our butts at all times
get used to staring at that
turn around dare that to know Casey you
stare at those butts and you get to know
these butts here's my butt look at it
get used to it and follow it around this
park
this junk in the trunk lesson on my butt
fill it now you remember there's a power
because you can't see my butt you'll
know what it could but honestly if you
guys get lost stay where you're at okay
don't try to justify running to the
front of the park so that you'll catch
your mom and dad on their way out which
was pretty smart but then we had to run
all over the park looking for you so
listen if you guys get lost stay right
where you're at and we'll come back and
find you all right that's the rule
sit down and start crying say my mom and
dad left me at Disneyland
all right here we go rock card all right
crazy here we go gonna be a fun-filled
day of adventure and losing as many
children as we can here we go season
pass holder thank you season pass holder
access granted
season pass holder access denied because
you got lost last time you were here
season pass holder access granted
welcome baby Todd to the happiest place
on earth
boy it's less true thank you hey Mickey
it's Mickey one line one line everybody
Mickey's getting the line together so he
can't talk but he's gonna get one line
so they can meet Mickey everybody get in
the line he wants you to get in a line
single file I'm helping Vic you by
Mickey's I'm Mickey's handler yeah all
right one picture everybody smile look
like you're having a good time here we
go there's one of the prettiest Disney
Princesses you ma'am you're the
prettiest Disney Princess of all all
right it's polka home is run in there
pizza start it's a long exposure on this
one we're gonna tweet that hanging out
with Pocahontas his new on the
wall but she says seeing one of the
songs can you sing the song I can't
remove every dream down the riverbed
what has a song eventing the Riverbend
song just around the Riverbend i dream
once moon sing it for us by Pocahontas
we'll be just around the Riverbend if
you need us all right thanks we talked
abou kahana's as a career what can be
more rewarding trigger mojo that are the
goal I humbly accept these magnets
dancing at Disneyland
thanks for filming bro nice plan homey
it's nice working with you
Oh guys are cool classy homies you don't
have to do anything to get those did you
inappropriate let's go the next way we
want to go to is the bathroom ride
please I'm going to explode my bladder
is like honey the Titanic that friends
in a lot of water rob heart is about 23
seconds away from face diving it into
this little pond it's a little river an
inlet a creek I'm not sure what it is
but there's canoes and there's people
and there's fun being had by all
mallards alike and rock tart is just on
the table chilling like a villain
oh snap but you're falling do not fall
in the water it will not easy-cheesy the
Ducks don't want a sip cup Sun hey you
guys having a good time so far what's
the consensus yeah I hate when that
happens
but it seems to happen a lot yeah he's
having a good time what are we on next
Splash Mountain yeah we want Indiana
Jones or Splash Mountain let's flash it
up splish Splash I was taking a bath nan
scaly although dot about Iran up a new
beer doobie doobie
there's flash I was taking a bath on the
top of Splash Mountain yeah oh my
goodness gravy hardened my frickin
language there's a giant steamboat ooh
coming Hannah Montana
look at that choo choo ask them ask them
if it's worth it
are you enjoying your experience if you
are do nothing to them rock card wave
Adam hello boy hello there I hope you're
having a great experience that's cocaine
that's where that's where Disney teaches
cocaine and they blow it out of the
smokestacks the steamboat moving rock
card
I think he just is more entertained by
the Ducks than anything else look at all
the Ducks dad there's a cool boat do
that it's pretty sweet man
that paddle the water it's like a cool
rhythm to it
it's a real steamboat there Mark Twain
write a book about that my good call the
Ducks are pissed and then they come by
here every 30 minutes and it just messes
up my whole thing I almost had a crumb
of bread from that little bratty kid on
the table over there yeah well I just
think if they would schedule at less I
know who's this idiot up here for
telling us he thinks he knows what we're
saying in our heads gets no idea stupid
I just poke you is that a duck part I
think it was that's us
we're deaf hold on we got to do the
classic all right stand up straight and
told you make it oh I'm so proud of you
you're finally big enough all right
let's go get on the freakin Road baby
tard where are we going that's where we
on okay where are you gonna get splashed
we're gonna get soaking wet right all
right let's go hustle up dude the lines
aren't too bad this is awesome
happy Martin Luther King Day everybody
we're taking the day off of school and
going to Disneyland we thought this is a
perfect opportunity come tour excited
alrighty then here we go once - bobbinet
Disneyland I gotta say it's pretty big
exciting it's kinda hard to widen this
is pile off my quicks right baby
Darkseid are you excited
are you excited or nervous excited are
you to scream okay so when we go to the
top we go down you have to put your arms
up here put your arms up in the air up
in the air get about but that's practice
when we go down the big one hey that's
the rule when we go down the big one you
have to all put your arms up in the air
all right okay that's the rule everybody
has to do it or if you don't the ride
will cut your arms off rival cut your
arms up if you don't want to move the
air it seriously happens be sure to put
them up high you're right handed him up
get him up get him up yeah that's
another practice baby's hard your arms
weren't up - when we get to the big one
if your arms aren't up it'll cut your
arms off dude I'm serious I'm really
nervous for you no I would not lie about
cutting arms off sometime sometimes okay
oh the Brer Fox lives right around the
corner from here I remember him last
time we've been here they splashed us I
splashed my camera I'm gonna file a
lawsuit oh the music is so dandy
everybody
oh this is where the buzzards eat us all
right here we go arms up in the air
about to take me piggy you're all ones
up everybody
we got soaking wet
holy crap I hope that didn't ruin the
speakers that helped it all do that
isn't dead when you go through the steam
and it's like you lose your stomach
because you like died down into this
hole how was it guys let go of your arms
up in the air what do you guys give it
two thumbs up thumbs up baby tard
two thumbs up every time to prove teeth
by oh my what a wonderful day this is
able and son tired see you later Joe
there's me I see guys there's you go
back we gonna break you Bridget are you
look terrified what happened two hours
of Sun guard that's classic on the Dukes
cage is here five peers super pilot
chick Kaylee there's Casey didn't look
engage dude look at his thang wants to
jump oh that's wrong gage dude why are
you so dude you look like you're
terrified man look at your face man you
have fun
we got it Braley this is new we've never
done this we're gonna try this canoes
thing mommy talk you better paddle hard
you don't paddle hard I'm gonna be
kicking your butt out of this new you
know why because I have my canoeing
merit badge do you know that Judy I'm a
freakin pro I got it at a camp Little
Bighorn biggle little mi camp little M
high I got my canoeing merit badge and I
have very fond memories of canoeing at
summer camp hello me and rock tardy ride
through the front we're about to get on
the board of the flu and we have gone
through all the rules and regulations of
the connect key we'll be doing a back
stroke with the twisty turny curve
forgive me that I oughta dude he is
excited he's rollin all myself look so
Joe every 40 times nothing has the organ
you are a freakin Mountain man this is
Paul Bunyan whoo excited babe there you
go Vega Oh
if you don't roll we don't go kevo
there's no giggling on this ride I think
there's a mutiny on board rocks art
there's a mutiny of what oh look at that
that's pretty cool we're an Indian
village I know yeah we are the ride
there's the we are literally in a giant
canoe we are paddling when do we get a
snack
who brought the orange wedges this is
pretty though and look there's a bald
eagle everyone knows I can skeet bald
eagle aah monitor we're switching sides
so we can work outside all right
yeah you're you're the you're the work
force on them there's a moose oh oh
pretty right here in Anaheim California
Disneyland you come here and simply rock
hard don't fall in or I'll look bad so
here we are we are canoeing critias
tarde what are you doing
we are canoeing Pass hello we are
boating bassier boats our boat is
smaller rocks art isn't this glorious
we're getting splashed with Disney water
right here in the middle haircuts flush
this lady Hey ma'am ma'am you're
splashing my wife ma'am
anyways check this out we're right in
the middle of Disneyland hello everybody
yes princess tardes dude look he's going
fun fun
hello everybody
just talking about Splash Mountain I'm
sorry it wet now look at me you're
soaking wet your maker studios sweater
is drenched soaking wet nurse hi hi
Boise State Broncos Broncos Sandia quit
splashes my wife she's our band and with
some beads man go dance forum Center go
dance form
throw your thumb oh yeah Jay I didn't do
it just to me get some purple ones nice
bro
all right here we are baby Todd is on
her chariot of Thunder we are now headed
to go to Indiana Jones ride and the
temple of Hoover do some cool items rock
tart there he goes crossing this very
first extension bridge whatever this is
called
whoa okay John one trip
we're over hello look there's a river
and fall down into the river below the
river of people gauge cut the rope
later we'll show
professional the other one dude over
here
Tripathi our colleges bottom of the
stairs a veil or fluffy follows him home
oh yeah all right let's go let's go
let's go
Fast Pass yeah whoo losers your plate
light ha ha I'm gonna punch my face my
stupid family so much mother right and
then we get to go right to the first
line it's like we've we've to crowd in
front of everybody no trigger crickets
up here right we're seeing he's tall
enough
arms up stand up straight stand up
straighter you can't ride the ride
stand up straight stand up straight tall
man is here
no hair how about her does she fit
alright you made me and maybe tyrannous
on the very front rows ready got time
got to get on
dude holy crap Space Mountain is
definitely one of my favorite rides all
are busy laughs do not you just figure
you laughing the whole time
sundar was cracking up baby what you
like it that was fun huh on the front
row Space Mountain
so that was awesome day five and you
loved it you're holding on to my arm
pretty tightly I think you had fun I'll
tell you what someone is not impressed
I'm excited baby card you're not even
scared it's like your cheeks or wings
bridges tardy let's go to the camera
there's centered I'm having a good time
baby time is this ride over your she's
pretty poor you having a good time too
the world is falling through mine it's a
big giant granite ball spinning on a
thing of water rocked our lights already
catch this
baby are don't drink the water a home
rose drinking the water off the gigantic
ball open and now Rock chart does it yep
they're all learning each other
look he's doing it
baby dardo everybody puts their hands on
their on it hard if you can't beat them
join them they're shy mommy guard want
to catch a movie at the cinema I look up
prettiest I want to
here's where we're going the Hollywood
Tower of Terror and it drops up and down
it's pretty scary baby tired singing it
singing baby tired so beautiful scooter
I love you girl I love you girl
hi great take the drop guess reading it
back there he's going to take the drop
you ready
maybe tirtir this the Tower of Terror
here we go this thing drops up and down
like take your stomach away it's raising
no vomiting Oh
take the strangest of your lies
hold on tight babies are do the lights
of hobbits brightest short lace is but
one for once again
maybe terrified and Brailey
citing one a palm-tree nervous
we have two excited faces KC's worrying
about upchucking marina vomit I might
know either we got inside and this one
is fast when you first take off it goes
from like zero to sixty I think less
than two seconds go back in time right
as you take off straight from UT loop
all right
there's Braley there's our dude that was
exhilarating look at son all right the
very end to a very fun and exciting day
how'd every fair do we all have good
time on the ride we all ate as much as
we possibly could we all fall down on
our backs good check one for you son
Tarr go ahead fund raise their hand
come on eat our dead Casey having a time
doctor how to get tiny well time to go
home is it that school tomorrow where
school my goal goes in school come on
bye Disneyland plus fun chopper cars
dude what we're doing now has what's
known as a late-night pruning run we
just got back from Disneyland and now
we're all running down to the cool let's
go let's go that's great let's go it's
late night pool on baby tar where does
the sign say blocks s we're an arrow up
like up these stairs thanks oh go
on the stairs late night hopefully I'm
still open I'm not sure if there's
anybody up here I think it's on the roof
the pole the pole gets heated too
because it's cold outside
crap he good thing I brought my key
I got push push push push her pull pull
all right now we go to on the roof
awesome
there's Disneyland right over there is
it warm is it really it's heated the
warmest pool ever I've always wanted to
go to that pool centaur wastes no time
so is it warm nice I love when it's war
ready watch
you jump in and what better way to end
the day then fireworks from the top of
our hotel in Disneyland come on are the
fireworks now it's time to say about to
all our family mi c0 some kids hey you
won mo you see Casey's waving underwater
oh it's freezing out here here they come
the fireworks just say goodbye mommy
tired what how magical right where's my
family we are out here what a Martin
Luther King Day Center tell us about
Martin Luther King jr. who was he he was
one of the greatest it goes here one of
the greatest negotiators that's true
what else do you know about him dude now
we died so many shot on the back of it
that is not cool but I guess that's
knowledge that we need to know we're
talking about Martin Luther King because
it's a happy Martin Luther King jr. day
a man who had a dream who believed we
could all be equal so we salute him
today and it's been a great day an
incredible day what an ending to a very
awesome holiday with the kid Disneyland
you did it good job
it's the fourth of July I know two
people who are going to be excited to
see us hey puppies puppies or miss - boy
Jim Bronx have fun we were playing with
Mickey he upon seeing Bronx just been
hanging out good boy oh hello patient
makes you think what is melekhin Bronx
period and we're gone now it's like they
have for a master plan I need a better
house and all the others are back in
science actually to tell you the truth
you couldn't see mean in the back behind
them but you didn't let me in either I
was waiting for footage in your backyard
I don't care about going to Disneyland I
just wanted to get fed we're great now
down Beach watch the sunset check out
the videos click on the link of the weak
link we call yeah and for today only
they're free they're all free to click
on they are indeed all right I'll catch
you later Coral
