hi I'm login here
our extent
okay so I realize you need more butter
for what four minutes forgetting yeah
guess what you need to scrape some of
that butter off because that's a lot of
butter and maybe you could scrape some
of that butter off and put on this one
no this way or that one that one needs
butter too because if you have too much
butter than it just gets all clumpy like
that all glumpy guys you don't want your
butter to be clumpy hey there's no you
belong about my scrumptious is really
gone right film me I'm hoping that
because that is forgetting at all
hey okay did you get all the spaghetti
noodles in there yeah because I gotta
cook all the same time remember yes good
like now you have to stir it and put
some salt in the you wanna see I've got
my my little ladies helping me make
dinner today we're making spaghetti
careful don't desert tune it out then
some of the water might splash on you
and it's really hot we've got the turkey
night I used to cook with ground beef a
lot but I found the turkey at Costco I
love it I don't know why but I like it
and it's a lot leaner and yeah
can you see that steam
I'm excited I love cooking all together
when all the kids are helping me hey you
are not supposed to get up there you're
turning into your terrible twos already
you're not in the tomb yet slow down
slow down okay you can have that come
here come yeah hey are you having fun
you got hair in your face again
should we got you some bangs do you want
bangs right here I think both of you
look adorable
the way your hair is you did a great job
look they all have butter on a good job
and little butter girl that's not here
where's dad dad not over there let's go
find dad no guess where dad is he's
watching football with Carly in case hmm
they're watching ma and I don't really
care for it right now
so okay hi we're here to go to the hotel
and I'm doing this time we're not family
anymore cuz they taught mommy mommy
TARDIS chimes path yes I'm trying to
pack a gander going to the hotel she
makes us go to the hotel yes it's a
trick hi is a turn-off is it then go
green did you do it hi I'm back I was
just gonna talk to my mom that she can't
talk anymore I got I gotta go bye
hold on by the way she can talk now it's
the oldest camera oh I wanted to watch
that video can let's go to it all right
I'm here
hi guys I'm gonna show you my skirt
hey what do you guys want to go where
alright Disneyland
rocked are you want go to Disneyland say
Disneyland can you say Disneyland is
heavy is back fast are you excited to go
to Disneyland I'm super excited
hey nose-picker you ready to go to
Disneyland stop picking your nose
bro-heem go get a Kleenex no you like to
use your finger
that's nasty alright we're going to
Disneyland because we never win hey and
he's got licorice grab one of those
or maybe Trent's gonna have one mommy
died you're a good Disneyland yeah such
a sherry little boy alrighty
we are here in Disneyland good Maureen
it's like 8:30 in the morning I just got
up and took a shower and I want to steal
this picture out of our room isn't that
cool now in Technicolor Walt Disney's
Mickey Mouse oh boy well boy it's Mickey
you here we are and let's go check out
the hotel we got some hotness and
hairspray over here on the mirror mirror
on the wall who's the best makeup put
her honor of all yeah it's a contest of
foundational proportions haha but on
poem teenager and rager what are you
doing rock face you guys hanging out by
the fridge I was getting some breakfast
bro bro what's in the frigerator
bro-heem huh let's check out here look
at this this is the coolest room that's
a pretty cool pane of our hotel what's
up dawg
so your hands in the air wave them
around like you just don't care if
you're ready to go play with that you're
Disneyland dance check this room out
though - look at this right out our
window is Disneyland
uh that's the matterhorn right there and
that's Space Mountain baby jar right
there is where me and you are gonna be
rocking the roller coaster on the very
front row are you pong let me see that
you're pumped show your space mountain
face with me first no I said baby tart
and then me and you are gonna go on this
one over here where is it the Hollywood
Tower of Terror this building right here
you go on this one and it drops you like
up and down princess hard that's when
we're gonna sit next to on okay the
tower the Hollywood Tower of Terror
we're all going it's all gonna be
awesome we're all gonna have smiles on
our faces Mickey Mouse is gonna give us
all diseases because we killed all of
his friends at our house and we're back
ready
was pumped I am pumped this is a cool
room though check it out it has a whole
like Panama this is Disneyland right
across the street when you come back I
come from Idaho yeah where are you guys
where these guys come from
okay guys she wants to know where you're
from leave it in the comments below
these people are from all around the
world you know that people watch our
videos whoever's at whoever's and your
land up 50 lines coming okay
who's ever in Disneyland come find us
but was by the time they see this it'll
be tomorrow and we'll have already been
actually maybe we should put this one up
two days I don't like we have any
footage all right today it is Monday
today we're gonna put this up today
because I realize we don't really have
much footage from mr. Rick's it was
Sunday and I was at church all day
because I am the new first counselor in
the Sunday School presidency I know you
know you don't know what that means but
that I have to be at church for like six
hours yesterday so we don't really have
any footage but today we're at
Disneyland and tomorrow we'll have a
whole Disneyland vlog okay so I think we
have a little bit of footage from some
other stuff on these cameras so I will
just put this in today's vlog Brett and
today will just be a shorter one and
then tomorrow will be a long visiting
line blog do you have any footage on
your camera
I do like totally I do what is it of
probably not very much but it's gonna be
so awesome
I did it who's in here is Casey in here
hi yeah honey come on lock this Mona get
in here guys
I'm not promoting this vlog take it in
there last thing I do it's gonna work
what's up bro you ready guys Disneyland
I got soaked my own daddy got dizzy
laughs I'm not padding down all right or
in the shower Disneyland whoo okay we're
having such a good time he tackled me
Diaz naked am i wet
no you are yep you look like you're B
Japan he attacked me when he was naked
out yeah okay this is my only Mickey
shirt super speck all right hey did you
see this picture in here I want to steal
it for a wall it's so it's like big I
want that we could buy one honey do they
have those that's like a like a vintage
though I think it's a poster in a frame
do you want to steal this from this
hotel
All Right see you guys tomorrow we're
going to Disneyland circus oh boy
see you man make sure to check out
yesterday's vlog and if you don't I'll
push you down several flights of stairs
oh that's not nice you'll get lots of
bruises that hurts I got a run from the
police
Oh mr. Shea have fun in Disneyland a
fight
