hey let's hear a princess charts version
okay take it away he has his headphones
and he doesn't know what we're doing
Romeo Mars
Brenda start how about you been retired
hey hey I think maybe tart is more
excited than anybody is is it looked
focused she thought today when we were
getting ready for church that we were
getting ready to go to this new bag
because I feel so bad when we went on
Space Mountain last time we were at
Disneyland she was terrified first of
all to go she was excited because she
was just tall enough but she was really
scared so I said I'll sit with you and
she held on to be so tight but we went
on Space Mountain last time and she had
a blast and she loved it so that when
even we're in Idaho she's like dead I
wouldn't go in space mom and told her
because we were on it we didn't get to
sit on the front row but I told her to
the story of when my grandpa Eugene took
me on Space Mountain and we sat on the
ferry front row and what how cool was
you're like swinging past these stars
have you ever been on Space Mountain you
they like go down to the depths of this
mountain it's crazy
so I told baby dart how cool it was to
be on the front row so she said we got
to go back to Space Mountain right on
the furrow tomorrow baby tard
we're gonna do it okay being you just
like I said me and you on the front row
wrong turn is not tall enough so he's
really excited I'm gonna be on the front
of his boots belt with my Johnny if I
can biggest bass pounding noise
little baby's face mouth not baby chart
not nobody but me rock guard he's like
yeah that's pretty much my fill what
going to dance hey hey hey hey gun Dart
I think that's cool that you have that
story because when I was growing up we
went to the moon and you know and it was
the first time I'd ever been on the
Colossus and it scared me so bad but I
went with my dad and we sounded very
much like what dude you won't tell the
story the phone is why he's the pony
he'll turn it off
he loves technology as our computers and
I'll give him candy or something he
doesn't want it he wants to get up and
type on the key yeah all right anyways
long story short this is our one take
Sunday we went to church we got done
with church and now we're headed to Ohio
right now and we're gonna stay there
tonight different genres start you
picking your nose Oh busted busted on
the pick your nose
cam you're itching it wasn't one of
those Seinfeld moments it wasn't a hit
there was no pain oh it's raining in Los
Angeles all right we gotta go we have an
unhappy baby we're going to Disneyland
yeah
