hi I'm logged in here all right we are
at the gymnastics gym trying out the
class and the girls are really excited
and rock hard it's a route excited to
she's finding okay we're putting at my
own workout and watching this Bank
there's buddy boy is link Norman that's
a fun trampoline on a bunch up on it
where are you going no no no that's so
cute they have Disney sex is amazing I
wish I took gymnastics oh my goodness
that makes me so nervous
hello I love you
oh that's princess chard from a distance
I think that's impressive
those babies hard just jumping a little
hopping along I am so excited for them
to be doing this because I think that if
you're good at gymnastics you can do any
sport because you just you build
strength all around
I think it's rock and roll a old face
he's given me a good workout Jay
snapchats finally learned to vlog too I
watched him pick up the camera just now
when he grabbed the camera and he picked
it up and put his thumb over the runs
and then he moved it he held it with
this hand then he moved his thumb and he
held it just right I was so proud you're
turning into a regular old shaycarl or
even no mom I just want candy that's all
I want and there's Fraley she is doing
an excellent job as well
look I think that'd be great to have
full rein to this Jim look at how much
there is to do here so much going on
there's a whole other section over there
yes whoa you had a lot of power right
there she runs really fast Lin stop the
resulting is ohm gymnastic show us your
trap card don't slip on the sock
hey you're a patsak Jim you're doing a
great job - good job doctor show us your
gymnastics show us your stuff okay oh
yes that's amazing why'd you rip those
off dude you're supposed to leave those
on you're not supposed to rip those were
supposed to be the sharp things that are
supposed to stab your brothers and
sisters in the head when you hit him
with it don't you no silly
he sat there and ripped all those little
white things off of there yeah you want
to go him back on now huh why are you
doing it look he sat there and he ripped
every single one of those off there I
knocked you over you throwing all these
up here I don't want those on our bed
why do you think I want that crap up
here huh
look at these two ladies these two
ladies right here this girl just got her
stuck in her spokes and these two ladies
that were just walking by oh that guy's
a hero right there she's gonna take her
pants
just get off the side of the road
ladies doctor
ladies guys all right I just got done
with a run on the beach for fun what'd
you run for fun kind of it's kind of fun
sometime this guy he's running for fun
all right so we just witnessed something
pretty cool and something that I I'm a
little disappointed in myself actually
so what happened is I just was sitting
at this light and notice that these two
ladies were helping this girl whose
pants had gotten stuck in her spokes it
looked like she had just started to try
to maybe cross the road and her pants
she had these long with her pants I
don't know they were black whatever
they're hanging out they hadn't wrapped
up in her spoke so she was kind of stuck
like right there on the side of the road
with her pants stuck in there like if
she kept pedaling they would get stuck
more so I was just like well why don't
you just like hop over the side of the
road and you know get him untangled so
they were trying to like get him
untangled right there in the road really
fast they all said got worried that
traffic was going to come and you know
that somebody was gonna hit him so that
dude in the G bless his heart he's the
real hero of the day and he did what I
should have done is why I'm disappointed
in myself
he pulled like right there you know
totally an illegal move whatever spirit
of the law letter of the law the law
says you can't just pull your car and
block traffic but he just did that
because those ladies right there in the
road and the old ladies were like oh no
there's traffic's gonna be coming what
should we do which was kind of silly
that's why I feel like I didn't do
anything I'm like just take three steps
and get on the sidewalk it's right there
but still I think that guy is a true
hero whoever he was bless his heart
we should all pray that we can be as a
hero as that guy even though those
ladies could have just like taken two
steps and thought on the sidewalk they
weren't and that dude saw that light was
changing he pulled right there and we
witnessed that that was something that
we witnessed firsthand a guy making I
think it's pretty cool good for that guy
we should all strive to be just like him
and I'm a little disappointed in myself
but if there's any any consolation it's
that I can say that that dude is the
kind of guy I want to be and bless him
and we should all try to be like him
somebody who's willing to stick up or
just to help somebody that's a total
stranger just to pull right there and
risk like you know what if he got hit
you know pulling out there when he got
in trouble by a cop but it's something
that he did where he saw and he just
acted and
to me that's like that means a lot so
I'm cool that I just got to experience
that and you did too we all did and
that's why these videos means something
cuz we're all living life and we're all
trying to become better people and
that's that's it right there you know
I'm the anyways like I said whenever I
watch those shows like hidden-camera
shows where they try to see like you
know what how people react you know what
deal was that show called the Genovese
is affected I've talked about this a lot
being able to you know have that courage
you know to stand up anyways let's live
life together some more I'm getting
weird I just went for a run on the beach
and I always I it's weird but I get
emotional down there like I feel
something it's it's very cool I really
like it down there
good luck ok what do you think how do I
look getting ready for my date with
monitor duty Alec handsome huh
he'll you film me see my show mom do you
think I look handsome
ok let's go see mom wearing my skinny
jeans look at these shoes all right
let's go mami mami tardes up him hey
what do you think oh yeah yeah you turn
the game French into French that's the
secret to life my dude nice sport your
maker studios sweater the maker studios
sweater that's cool they gave everybody
that works to make our city oh god I got
one too I should look around here yeah
can I can I can I please one thing to
remember when we started that company
maker studios yeah this pretty big deal
now
in the top 50 thing like makers really
like some big stuff remember when we
moved out here two and a half years ago
to start this company now we're wearing
our own sweatshirt that's the story with
that when we first moved out here to LA
right it's been over two years ago to
start maker studios that is the goal
it's for it to grow be this wonderful
thing but in the beginning it's like
that's that's the faith you have the
hope you have thank you to you guys for
everything
oh dude hey you gotta learn bear-hugs
change that funny though you can even
remember you can even get your arms
around me right you lations what are you
doing hey tell your dad about your mouth
oh say can you do a back handspring tell
him how good they said you are they say
preteen coach loves her preteen coach
wants her on her preteen yeah good job
we're still working it out you are
talented you are a good gymnast you are
athletic and you can do it you need to
get out there eating to win the Olympics
snow gold
don't come back so you have a gold medal
yeah like fine yep
alright so Ally love John Lovell sent us
a little we got a package from this dude
why do I feel like I'm about to see me
in the sexy ladies bodies I've
definitely seen a picture of you
photoshopped with just like a tiger
blanket around you that's actually not
even Photoshop hey princess charge give
it to him oh wow
somebody's learned how to throw a bit
panicked you guys that's his phone bro
it's his phone
no he's watching it for dude he has
learn to throw a fit hey you're my least
favorite now baby tard I love you so
much you're such a good baby alright so
back to my nakedness John Lovell oh my
gosh that's love John Lovell wrote us a
love note and Wow oh he said which by
the way is not a word we do this people
use the word mocker or mages farmworker
twitter i honey have you seen this do
you think I'm pretty pretty you guys I
am the prettiest
oh my September I am Oliver hello
October John level sent two of these to
two other people yeah you send them to I
didn't send him he's under president
asking John oh I don't know yeah who did
you send these to one these other
calendars that's weird anyways I am
pretty good look just pretty in my
bikini hey guys we're all going on a
date retard here we're all going on a
date why we're all I mean this hotness
that is a mom tizzle she is why are you
so tis along with the mom eNOS I don't
really do it so tis only because he
loved a mom eNOS how did you
so tizzle II I don't answer your tizzle
is that a good thing oh snap look who
showed up
Pizza guys who likes pizza like who
likes pizza braylee likes rock door
lights Pizza oh alright
Ali likes pizza Donna likes pizza
everybody okay hey spider-man good
shooting your arrows around my house bro
I like your outfit alright we're going
on a date
see you guys thirty hotness oh that's a
good idea
moms do everybody should have their
channel on the back of their maker well
that's a good idea
alright we're on a date Carly where's
your date is he showing up yeah when is
he gonna be here Carly Carly did start a
dating show The Bachelorette on YouTube
the first Bachelorette on YouTube did
you find some real winners me in case
you have to interview them I'm gonna be
mean Casey are gonna be nice boys hey
are we gonna remember where we're at I'm
just gonna be like we're on a date bro
that's all I care
can we come back through here some part
we parked below no he didn't no we're
good are we gonna get out I got a ticket
Santa Monica alright it's date night
we're gonna go out to dinner and then to
a movie and I get to hang out with the
hottest hotness and all of the hot
hairspray clan are you talking about me
let's go get some dinner dance for me
Brett yes
dance let me turn I said to mommy tired
I want to go out and have s'mores
what do you mean it's a fire
there's graham crackers you make here we
go here we go Carly don't let him back
that up on you okay bro Casey that's my
brother and sister I told them that they
might not be able to handle it in LA but
I think they're gonna make it thanks to
the dancing man let me turn on to see
you up there dancing shaking that bootay
alright here we are we are so excited
because we are at our favorite store so
stinking excited right let's go Casey
brothers at Sephora with three nine
girls we're so excited we're so excited
to be at Sephora
right now I'm way more excited than you
what are you getting fresh is no hot
tasty apply that one
eyeliner and you're like smokey eyes but
chopper smokey eyes okay see if light
let's I don't want to make every plot
okay
come on
okay hey Carla here just set some for
picking out some of my favorite
foundations this is one of my favorite
foundations right here because it really
covers the light and sound - Anthony my
beauty
we were all hiding behind this box so
she couldn't see the depth of P taker
did take her down I just want to tell
you you look really beautiful in
lipstick you know that's the one thing I
love about Sephora is it really brings
out the deliciousness in my lips what
did it taste like anything watermelon or
just passion mostly oh speaking of
passion check out my baby up at 5:30 in
the morning working out doing backflips
and then there's that chick talking
about something on the right click on
that alright thanks for watching see you
tomorrow
