hey Rach Todd what are you doing are you
healthy you're such a big helper yes you
guys say hi to Daddy today they'll be
home tonight and I'm the most excited
like me out there I'm going to film
today moms moms the moms view the
children are gonna stay her Oh would you
take care of them it really means I'm
going to have my own fun all right be
good okay we have so many that's what we
do with them okay bye bye honey bye bye
I'm too busy I'm not turning around
thank you Frank
do I look official I got my CES get up
on it's the last day here in Vegas it's
just about to head over to the
convention center and we have our big
presentation are you nervous for a big
presentation today guys let's go out
there and get them let's show them that
we believe that we can be the winners so
we have to perform in front of like 400
people and we're trying to come up with
a skit last minute so you checked out
this improv group I'm gonna put their
link below to check them out but is the
Institute over there we're gonna meet
them right now in the Swivl suite we're
gonna talk about our presentation kay
let's go I do feel a little bit of
nervousness because there's gonna be a
lot of like reporters there it's gonna
be 400 people that are mostly like
reporters and bloggers and stuff so I'm
nervous but we only have four minutes so
I know it's gonna be one of those things
where you're super stress and super
nervous and also you just jump up there
and you do it all so in the four minutes
is up it's like whoa it's over so I want
to definitely enjoy it and hopefully
we're going to make it funny that's the
goal
to be the funniest that's not a it's not
anything too much to ask is it you guys
improv on anything yeah probably
first I love that look we're about to
get ready sorry there's a line of people
this line of people right here are
getting ready excuse me sir I'm poking
your head I'm sorry this light of people
are getting ready to go into what we're
about to perform
I'm here with Izzy and the boys these
guys seriously saved me last night I was
we're trying to think of an idea what to
do on stage like I need some help I need
some funny guys so I tweeted does
anybody have an improv what are you
doing walking she's vlogging vlogging
dude you got to turn off your red light
on your camera that's C then people get
nervous when they see the red light see
you see how mine's off no red light you
have to check out her blog to see what
she's talking about
we're logging together what's your
channel well then throw this piece of
crap away check out youtube.com slash
nothing it's hilarious the stickers on
my camera you can see so sorry then
we're so excited we're gonna talk about
some really cool stuff so you guys
should go check us out on the mom soup
this will be actually me up next
Wednesday right yeah this one okay this
will be baby yeah no this wasn't me up
in the future and you can actually have
an opportunity to win some cool stuff
we're going to start some giveaways on
on Facebook
right now check it at Ninja Warrior
you've ever seen that show on the g4
Network I think and he is going for the
finders a deep in their white never home
the prize this year ripping it up this
guy's gonna do it all right
this guy often comings he's a great
freestyle aerials here and he does stuff
nobody else goes on the trampoline with
skis on and we're gonna pump him up and
get him going right now you keep making
noise you keep flipping into a city
flipping and twisting flipping twisted
twisted a flipper whoo nice he's working
hard
they stayed in the whole time moving
here oh it's still jamming to us - of
pain is here doing that both in here
Cheers
I don't know I want you to get the
coolest dude in Vegas all right we're
about to go on stage once again check
out easy slippers we were just talking
about his youtube name and how he wants
to change and he doesn't feel good with
his like how is he shoot it shoot it is
he funny
I see see why it's funny and I told him
if it's is he funny then people are
gonna think like I'm calling myself
funny it's really hurt but it could
almost be like is he funny question mark
it's like is he busy as funny is he
funny is kind of working on in order for
the stuff guys are in there
well that was from Doug you said you
don't watch cartoon cartoon animation
about to go up on stage you guys nervous
you fell on top of it I've wet myself
twice there's a lot of peed right now
there we go under bring enthusiasm for
innovation and products so I'm just
gonna and Robin grass games that had to
be a more fun way to see products been
roaming the show floor 11 years ago and
came up with this das sort of Vanna
White
you guys we just finished our stage time
when we won where's the award totally or
we won the last gadget standing winner
because of your guys's votes and these
dudes some of our ham in last second and
save the day go check them out you're
ahead of Jesse the longest-running
improv show in Las Vegas if you're in
Vegas go see these guys where's it at
except the Alexis Park right next the
Hard Rock Hotel if you can go to our
website and all that if you guys are in
Vegas you're in Vegas opposed to these
guys they're performing and at The
Improv place I just want to say thanks
to Shay you know so blessed before in
the lettuce out of here so I'm it's such
a nice guy for letting them come help us
at 8:00 in the morning that was so nice
of me then I check out this guy easy
slippers slippers me rock in the
youtubes like crazy all right thanks
guys thank you appreciate it
all right you guys you ready for this
check this out
controlling this with my finger through
this iPhone stop okay come back just
come back here
alright let's say there goes making the
goal and making it go go
this is cool here at the Sphero
and you basically make this little ball
move with the joystick on your iPhone
kids would love this
all right I'm gonna make a goal down
there he shoots oh I missed
how embarrassing hello everybody we're
just checking in with you dude are you
pumped
honey you're pumped Brian freakin pumped
up founder of Atari / swivel hey
everybody we're gonna fly it we're going
flying born flying I'm really excited
because I have this is one of those
feelings I've always wanted to know how
it felt and I'm about to experience it
you tell us where we're going
in doing this paradigm in the sky damn
it and we're gonna fly the suits have
you ever done that
no you don't trust what the winds like a
fan like blows you you know and you just
like lay with these suits I like the air
blows you know it's not like dangerous
are you worried about it I'm not too
worried about no that's gonna be fine
it's how high do you go like a hundred
thousand feet hundreds we're really high
yeah that's other than that it's totally
safe here we go okay montage to the
thing usually we do sex and Santa by
speakers myself er opportunity there's
cool buildings and buildings and cars
and taxis but get us where maps yeah and
manuals to Hamilton do you are beside
double card reader doesn't he like says
that or my neighbor's max I sit here in
the stacks ooh
little guy yeah I have speaks and dogs
we've just arrived at our location
that's so excited right now Vegas
endorse car tartar no good back your
walk use of monkeys get out right here
we are we're point up on the premises we
have to pay this man a subtle 12:15 dude
I am so freaking pumped right now you
have no idea rich bitch Jody but like
dogs yeah you got so free shut up Shay
so we have a few hours to kill before
their flight or done with CES it was a
great success with the Swivl we won the
popular vote thank you to you guys so
much thank you to you guys I realize
when I met these places and people think
I'm important and it's like they're like
oh he's this person as you know these
people who watch them on YouTube and
it's like the reason I'm important to
any of these people is because of you
guys anyways before right thank you
that's not trying to saying thank you
guys just for watching okay let's go
find okay we're going up the stairs I
think we might be observation
observation gallery I wanna go
oh nice
we're going down there we're gonna fly
it are you pumped can you tell hey shake
very excited very excited guess on it's
like always get the instructor a thumbs
up after you bought mr. with it know
that you're okay
speaking of hand signals that's what we
use to communicate if students like this
leave it like that when the air gets in
here this will just all fill up and fit
better when we fly down here make sure
those yeah alright door skydiving or
done I mean it was fun I'm a bit
disappointed I'm disappointed in my
performance I feel like I didn't get it
he said it's too far to the MGM Grand
we're gonna walk there I was
disappointed in my performance oh right
I didn't feel it man I wanted I wanted
him to let me just go at it for like
five minutes without his instructor I
just wanted to be like like moved you
done let me just have to learn by
feeling it you know what I mean anyways
that's my excuse for sucking I guess
everybody probably thinks that when you
go in there like do don't go through and
replied I like Peter Pan woohoo I didn't
like I did that actually did better than
the second tire maybe yeah yeah I kept
forgetting to put my head out I know you
said because I want to see I want to see
like oh you know I guess that's your
vision of flying is you can see
everything you know so we have to keep
your head up it wasn't as fun I think I
don't know anyways we just flew so what
you gonna do when they come for you that
run I don't know why I says that sitting
with the two coolest guys in Vegas yeah
yeah yeah yeah go to the pepper mill
alright so we're going back to get our
bags and head into the airport to fly
home to momma Todd are you doing it yet
we're gonna fly again yeah air assisted
jet all right you guys we're leaving
Vegas it's time to take my Vegas classes
get on out of here
back to mommy tart and years no it's
really cool that I just learned about
one of the founders of swivel black
c'mere
this is very first trophy you've never
won anything we wanted trophy winners
highway why have you ever like won
trophies rocks hope they didn't have
trophies and when I came here I was just
bad at everything
well that's where's your trophy come on
do you have your first rope you have to
carry it around and show it off I
remember just staring at my trophies I
would wake up in the morning and look at
the trophies and be like polish that
baby if that's there for like strategy
guys for all your help this was
fantastic for us winning a trophy we're
the one and on the company that was
crowdfunded crowd supported to win this
so this is this is all you but you guys
can't have the trophy so no just my
mouth freakin mitts off going on man you
should carry it through the airport
everywhere you walk like and the CES
winner for last gadgets standing is
Swift Brandon all right we're out of
here we're flying home coming home baby
come on baby doll hey you guys aren't a
vlog this couple here a mess of motion
this girl really nice girl came and
brought these for the kids I'm taking
these home for baby's heart and Sun
tired can you imagine how fun rock tart
will have with this beating the crap out
of his sisters I'm taking these know
they're gonna love us so this company
really nice girl from North Carolina
shared the sweetest all action from
North Carolina nice little girl and her
dad as a CEO of this company so check
this coming out to a horse in anyways I
don't know we're heading now let's go
see you later giant
statue not worshipping you ii believe in
Vegas where a while
one in the air well it okay never mind
how I that's how that's how I I you know
I know that it was for free because they
weren't India and a couple of they got a
couple of people are as a crazy party a
real crazy party
what is the cherry on top but you know
that the whipped cream they put a cherry
on top and then what they do what they
do is they tell on they turn the car
around
thank you the Vernon car then thank you
why would it go to get done you know
like they challenge you to eat it Jerry
where's the chariot right on top of the
whipped cream arigato oh where else
would it be two years ago but they put
it right back on it sounds like a great
party oh yeah it is always every years a
great party we messed that one well you
know where the lobby trying to download
thank you James
so that lovely Saturday now I am on my
way to get my sweet husband from the
airport and I would have shown you like
the whole process of us cleaning and
tidying of the house but it would have
just been pretty much me going there is
you don't worry or that do I talk about
that I do normally talk like that the
one while I'm having the Krantz putting
up the house I do talk like that it's
Louie weird anyways I'm so excited to
see Shay he's been gone just for you
know since yesterday morning
and it's like 10 o'clock at night I just
love him the obvious I do it's the
funniest thing like what he is gone I
think all this accompany I'll be fine
you know and then I'm like it moves you
I'm such a baby
it's really ridiculous what has he
worked like 12-hour days and I didn't
see him hardly ever
I'm pretty much the luckiest girl in the
world pretty much pretty much okay and
it's an airport
Polybius was really quality right there
Polly Polly Polly
didn't even faze you at all you sir but
pincher like do you live with me this is
I don't think about that much you
kidding me you're like always up my butt
you have made your hat hair right now
it's like oh so only this clipping
barons
Vegas you're gonna sleep on your
computer desk okay baby
good night this is chez Carl's bed this
is where I have banished him since he
started doing che charts this is Ori
sleeps now I sleep here thanks for
watching
oh wait turn it off guys the house is
clean look there's no more Christmas
tree yeah and I'm sure that you've
noticed okay look that karlie kind of
decorated that a little bit for making
help me out I'm not sure if you've
noticed in past vlogs that this lamp was
broken this one that whole thing was off
nope none of them know they have to see
how I fixed it I fixed it I'm awesome
guys some of your is there white paper
clip no way yeah really nice
that's the in gist of all the new --'tis
I've seen out of all the new ''tis that
I've been checking out lately that's the
in just in here guys
my god pulled out of here and I used it
see I have information in my brain it is
hard to say hey really tickled did you
like that was salty I've been wearing
shoes without socks all day why are you
filming turn the camera off what's my
count
oh you want to make out
hey guys put the intern here I'm behind
the couch right now and Shay and Kayla
are totally kissing oh wait I think they
see me don't move
just kidding what's going on guys my
name is Brent and I'm not behind a couch
I have no time for that I'm too busy
editing because I love you guys and I
love my job and I love the world and
life in the Sun and rainbows so if you
want to watch yesterday's vlog click to
the left or if you want to see the
Fatherhood talk on the moms view you can
see Shay and Casey and everyone talking
about what it's like to raise a family
and do cool things and it's over 20 mins
and you should watch it it's awesome
