just
family
good morning Britta's tosh.o we can that
we can be loud Monica
you guys let's see how loud we can be
intel Rock bear wakes up hey we're
having such a good time out here we're
eating granola dancing around that we
saw a little baby boy was here cuz he
could enjoy and get it down yeah yeah
yeah yeah Oh your turn your mommy you're
tired mommy your tart is getting a
little tart layer like your hair is like
a wall of white it's a good shield I
fell for you at this point that's like
your secret power when mommy tired and
gets in a fight her hair it goes like
ocean and it comes into a giant shield
and it protects like any arrow to the
knees that she might encounter hey I
like the poufy frizziness you got going
on this morning is this a poopy frizzy
decision you've made to encounter the
first grade today with a poopy frizzy
decision on your head guys guess where
I'm going today I'm going to Vegas no
I'm going to Vegas I'm the spokesperson
of a new and an exciting product called
swivel I'm going to gamble all our money
away oh you thought I'd just hang out at
the airport no I don't do that no I go
to the airport to fly places today I'm
flying to Vegas to go to a thing it's a
big show called CES and here's what
we're gonna do I decided in today's vlog
me and the family are gonna talk back
and forth and we're gonna I'm gonna like
explain to them what I'm doing and show
where I'm at and then they can like
they're gonna make vlogs back and forth
kind of like the vlogbrothers do
speaking of which John Green you son of
a monkey sent me your brand-new book The
Fault in Our Stars check it out on
bookshelves near you this is gonna be a
New York Times bestseller just before
you know it okay so that's what we're
gonna do today you guys I'm gonna be in
Vegas you're gonna be here in Los
Angeles I'm gonna be talking back and
forth okay so you guys can get the
camera for Mom and be like hey Dad I
just got home from school I'm doing my
chores and cleaning up the poop in the
backyard and doing all my homework
that's like kind of
some of the stuff you guys to me you
know I do not have my morning pants on I
sleep and it's like we're gonna out of
the are you ready to go take daddy to
the airport
hi take AP bones oh good now but I'm
gonna take this car with me taking this
car with me
you smell like pee tamper bun change
combining hey I love you alright so son
tard mister Scout man is gonna get his
Eagle Scout like his daddy
you know the Scout Law let me teach it
to you okay here it is ready a scout is
trustworthy loyal helpful friendly
courteous kind obedient cheerful thrifty
brave clean and reverent and hungry at
all time that's why you always have to
remember that Scouts are always hungry I
know I brought cookies yesterday and I
told much they could have one so they
all took one
then two of the boys came in later
cookies like they each grabbed like five
each I'm like whoa cheesy so do you
remember that can't we recite it back to
me
ready a scout is what stressed worthy
loyal helpful friendly courteous kind
obedient cheerful hey John Green white
across the dashboard nice kid where are
we cheerful cheerful thrifty fifty Queen
reverent brave toughest well has painted
toenails check it I think it might be a
new page checking in there somewhere
guys I love you bye behave yourselves
listen to your teachers you'll get to
say goodbye in a minute you're staying
with at the airport it's time to go to
Las Vegas see you bud I'm gonna miss you
I'm gonna be back tomorrow well not
tomorrow night but I'll be back Thursday
night big hugs big hugs oh I love you're
so precious faces bye
yeah go to Vegas babe I'll watch the
kids love you guys hey Sun tower check
out what they have here at the airport
me and my son both got these for
Christmas we love them maybe we should
buy another one yeah we've wrecked them
like eight hundred times our house we
chased the dogs around with them
yeah you're a lot better at it than I am
though mine like spins all around you
got the trim down there's also one open
supposed to fly yeah it's true order
flying in our house but there's 18 kids
and fourteen animal school hunts on
chart they have him here the airport -
honey what a new back I did me bad all
right we just dropped Shay off and baby
Todd was telling me that she loves the
airport tell us why you love the airport
that's right because grandma was there
with us I think she's talking about the
trip where we went all went to Colorado
and Grandma got her I think Alicia's
book and she loves books so she loves
the airport because of that memory I
think it's so adorable oh and then now
we're playing what what did you want to
play baby turn I spy
okay it's my turn I spy with my little
eye something that cute and cuddly you
how did you know it was you
cuz I'm cute got a leak a mouse finger
oh the nice finger which one I can't
tell which finger you're holding up but
just don't use the middle when that
one's not the nice finger okay that
one's good that okay mom you better turn
off the camera and drive now we're just
having fun driving time
about the slap is plain yo
daddy we already miss you rocked are the
same dad do you miss daddy dad what does
he always get quiet as soon as I turn
the camera baby tardies to do that to
now she just gets louder when I turn the
camera on right yeah yeah so hopefully
he'll grow out of it too and then he
will just want to talk talk talk talk
talk doctor oh thank you guys I made it
here what do you think is just selected
glasses I'm rocking up I don't care I
think you look nice Peter for glasses
like this I can to check out kids right
here at the airport
now we're gonna catch a taxi to the MGM
Grand here in Vegas getting a taxi it's
like waiting in line at Disneyland or
seriously lions we're like 45-minute
lions just gonna taxi I'm 12
let's go MGM Grand what do you hi Shay
guess what I'm doing I'm putting my name
next to yours with love truly yours Shay
and whoever gets this one I hope you're
having fun at CES hey baby try one say
hi to your dad
hi dad you're so cute
what do you want to say to him don't
tell me anything special big kisses
he should pasta sauce eat kisses for
daddy huh yes yes yes yes look I'm
hiding behind I'm stuck in the corner
I'm hiding behind all of the calendars
for almost 10 cent for almost in
grandma's ding Cheng indicating today
they're like just so just if you're
watching bro I will respond
oh yeah some of you have not put in full
addresses there's about a hundred that
we have a list of of no addresses
whatsoever so remember our seniors yet
it's probably not because we haven't
sent it it's probably unless you ordered
it very very recently but it's probably
because if you ordered the beginning you
so double look that and we got like a
handful of returns the address wasn't
right so complete yeah or even lead or
something so double check your addresses
for example Victor from Illinois I'm not
gonna give the last name out but I'm
gonna tell you Victor from Illinois you
did not provide a street so we have
nowhere to we have the house number we
don't know what it'll enjoy though help
us out dude help us help you we're all
ready to go here look posted you know
just throw it out there somewhere new
Illinois address alright so if you
haven't gotten yours and you ordered it
a while ago it probably has to do with
an address so how can they how can they
get that to us have they maybe email
email I believe the emails payments at
shaycarl calm that's the one that when
they ordered that's the one that email
or whatever from whether or not just
payments at shaycarl calm is a good one
and just email us and let us know and
we'll try and email you and you know a
couple of people are tweeting stuff but
we're not really less your there isn't
more email the email is what you're
where you need to go yeah okay okay
and then you can have your calendar and
what Ritz crackers and cheese dip castle
looks good I have them nope remember
it's for after school I had to go to the
store and buy these kids they're called
earthquake kits and I guess in
California every school needs to have an
earthquake kit for each child so you
have to make your own child so they kick
they have to have like protein and fruit
and like water just in case of an
earthquake they have something to eat so
I've been trying to find like little
snacks that are healthy and I bought a
few that weren't healthy so sorry
anyways so our kids will be safe at
school if there's an earthquake at least
I'll have food anyways I'm mumbling
let's get ready to rumble
corner we have the lion you guys are at
the MGM Grand and we've never stayed
here kids happy where we stay honey
mostly Planet Hollywood today it isn't
figure out we're talking to I'm talking
to mommy tired and the kids not
before--the
check out this music it's so funny as I
walk in honey I hear this song
definitely different to be out there
than what you're dealing with there
right now be tired second your thumb
right now check it out pretty cool view
there's xcalibur castle we got to bring
the kids together one of those jousting
shows and then we also we've never been
on the roller coaster here there's New
York New York I'm on the green MGM
thingy so you guys ready we have to do
it because you guys are here I'll have
to do it for you
all right whoa dude baby tar and Sun
tire puts Tyra here they would be a
freaking pet to some old footage of bed
to bed jump and you know how they do
don't hurt yourself sorry that I was in
work mode I was signing and then I was
like oh crap I'm gonna do waiting face
but my video my video is up so then I
went to Twitter and then instead of
tweeting my video I started reading
Twitter so then it quickly turned in
from work to play really quickly I just
realized what I did so now I'm turning
it back into work I've got to get these
signs and get off of Twitter sorry guys
dog turd is loving this toy horse watch
out watch out for you said don't smother
them too much member bob charde never
likes too much love
oh now give it love now rock it to sleep
give it loves and kisses it was cute
when you experiment love whoa watch oh
no now get so crazy nuts
oh nice toys and alright so much for
teaching you love and compassion and
mercy I know I attack doors jump over
the horse good jump in you are your
father's son aren't you okay kids Here I
am
I'm at the thing that daddy has to come
here to be which you guys love because
there's just a ton of things to see a
lot of cool wool sitting next to cool
cars for instance she looks cool and
pretty I think I know her I think she
was on the same what's trending show as
I was on if she had like those gold
headphones
okay we're all ready to advertise I got
even mom telling me call my friend need
an answer
miss you will be able to fight tomorrow
and I just miss you bye hey thundered so
when do you think you're gonna get your
voice back who stole it
am I gonna have to beat somebody up for
stealing your voice you didn't talk to
any sea witch's lately did you you're
sure no leggies named Ursula okay
hopefully we'll get his beautiful voice
back soon
spacious tiles bad house
whoa is that the swivel at CES in Las
Vegas is that founders Brian lamb and
Vlad here in Las Vegas at CES that sweet
product I want to know more about it
where can I find out more information
about this stunning technology right
here at swivel I need a shirt where's my
shirt why did I feel like you used my
shirt as a cleanup yeah honey listen I
was just asking them if they knew how to
do that is it
I just want and that is all okey Brian I
just turn on booth girls and dancing
doing the dougie I gotta go peepee in
the potty all right Rach did your pants
go change
well we just had an exciting event
happen little poor baby tard was helping
get the plates out for dinner and she
was trying to stack them too high and
actually dropped them and we got one
that's cracked and shattered I guess I
should say yeah let's just crack just a
little crack and she got a little bit of
cut on her toe so parent princess chart
is taking care of her for a moment while
I sweep this up so that rock car doesn't
get into it it was an exciting crazy
event it was so loud and I looked at it
and I looked at her and she looked at me
it goes then the flood started and the
poor little thing I think it just scared
her but she has a little cut on her toe
so I'll show you that in a little bit
once I clean this up so that rock card
doesn't get cut to with the funny crazy
and scary moments that you have as a
parent but luckily all we have is tiny
little cut here we go
look it's John Salley cut Ollie's
that's a big dude hey what do you think
about the new fortune
Viva Las Vegas okay so here's the setup
Convention Center is down there that's
where CES is and then this is like all
the Vegas that's where me and mommy
Tarts stayed up for our honeymoon right
there in the stratosphere the
stratosphere made out their lips whoa
Brian you pervert quit listening to my
conversation I've missed you guys it
smells good now we're gonna get lunch
smells like deliciousness fried in a sin
hey guys do you want to see what
happened would maybe turn got hurt Oh
cut there's the rice it's black thumbs
on set of rice
I made noodles which ugly turn actly
that actually turned out really good
that you turned out okay so we got
asparagus it is gone and chicken and
princes heart oh wait not to eat look
that was a two knots on me right now
I'm serious yeah okay Oklahoma Braley
and stuff huh your hair is nearby it's
cotton can I cut my hair like that I
already told you they're nice dad did
you ask dad he said no
and their events we are on the
background today these weights the
Convention Center
dude check it out
Banksy put a swivel sticker here in CES
whoa
oh so thanks work Banksy we're sticking
we're going around sticking swivel
stickers everywhere no we're not doing
she put one right there real I'm in this
I'm in this yeah really
yes sir check it out page what page am I
on 89 check me out page 89 look at this
the wire has their own car yeah I am
sure beer sir here you go check out one
of these wired magazines I'm in there
page 89 check it out describe to my
channel thanks bro these are things that
everybody is my dad's just I know my
rooms clean
I did all my trousers but this is it's
just this I thought it's still clean all
of it still clean it simply don't worry
all this way when you come back I'll put
all that I wear I promise dad I promise
I promise
all dirt away then it'll be clean your
brush and frosting in was it would you
like that yeah I remember something I
did all my chores just that every house
well did you guys see this well this is
here yes I after Christmas it drawn it
so here's my mum fit the question come
up it going gay
looking so che
and then again and manners nightmare
monitoring our points away awesome I'm
gonna tweet a picture to say has an
access accessible like accessible for
hiding out either I was a this
appropriate for me to go out and target
people in LA like get ready and put
normal clothes on and Mike where Jim
told and just I don't think everyone
knows II okay Lee I do she always puts
on real close real close
what's up thank you you do I was getting
lonely so I invited them over for dinner
and the may burn but that's okay
because they love to eat anyway it was
rightness and me quit workout at the gym
tips sometimes I think we worked out our
arms day the gym and I went to pick
Cooper up to put him in the shopping
cart not like I went up and like I was
seriously trying ok I'm using the X shot
right now
I got a turn
family to golf stick the camera try it
fun
hi
hey you wanna dad hey mr. jungle to the
Kamikaze man where's dad oh not over
there is he there oh it is not coming to
home tonight
Missy dad thanks dad go bye-bye
whoo he's being so cute tonight here one
give daddy kisses good daddy kisses
sissy camera daddy kisses we're gonna
get yourself
come on the size
you're gonna make them sick
you guys were on this
all right you guys what do you want to
say to your daddy
okay now the rule is you guys when
somebody was your kiss you have to catch
it show you guys
baby Todd wanted me to show you that her
injury you get an ouchie
well that's a big toe am i named in no
by not like the big dope it's right
there it's cut right there but we will
leave the band-aid on yes I forgot I
should probably tell you guys that the
reason that I was home all day today and
I wasn't filming you moms on the loose
like I told you I was going to do was
our producer got sick so we had to
cancel it hopefully I'll be able to be
in the next one
stepmoms on Louis's council today guys
that's why we had a shoot all day here
at the house with the kids and it was so
much fun they were so silly today and
they missed our dad I've done so we miss
you say we love you and I probably by
the time this goes up I will have kissed
you already and had your awesome bod hey
daddy tard its Malachi I miss you
Las Vegas is fun I've been there one
time I lost the nickel anyway son tard
pick up my poop today so that's good
smells like dirty diapers around here so
you should come back soon oh and if
anyone else is watching this you can
click on the screen if I had opposable
thumbs I would but I've got pause all
right have fun wherever you're at I
think I said Las Vegas but I forget I'm
going to bed
