Oh
you're so much like flies up especially
when I take a bath because I also like
it back before I go to sleep then when I
wake up it's just like boom it's like an
atomic bomb went off on her tonight yeah
I'm ready at my pink headphones got my
Venice Beach shirt I'm gonna go down for
a bike ride on the boardwalk mami cards
gonna go for a bike ride I gotta face
Hollywood up in the basement I'm going
to Vegas
alright so she's gonna go right on her
bike upstairs I'm gonna get on my bike
on the road I like to ride by the ocean
I guess you have kids too luck yes or
you could say you're gonna switch I you
know what we could do what dude I
wouldn't mind hooking that thing do you
want to that would be fun
oh that thing to the back of my bike do
you wanna do it except for that we have
to be here by 10:00 hmm we got rat
Buster's coming today I can't risk that
it's our last line of defense so we've
done a pretty good job so far but this
this company is gonna come and like put
like make sure that they seal up all the
holes is rock-hard away a little boy
wait it's our little baby boy welcome to
the day yeah he's like let's go on hot
I'm sweaty
I think I'm thirsty and now you poking
the camera in my face here bring this
with us I want this at my breakfast
table and yeah let's go come on I want
bacon eggs toast lay it on me tux what
do you got I'm a little tired this
morning I'm gonna need a little more
extra baby alright buddy you got it
whatever you want I love how he says I
grab this blanket and hold this blanket
always brings a blanket so trying to
find the smaller ones otherwise he's
dragging this thing today
I think these cheeks them to be kissed
jeez
did you have a good night's sleep huh I
love you all right to the breakfast
table take me woman like I said I want
eggs and toast and jelly and all
assortments of ham and smoked sausages
and bacon and juices hang you small
blonde girl get the granola I want
blueberries and watermelon and yogurts
and creams and all delightfulness gallon
but head all right I'm going for my bike
ride by I love you guys the other kids
are at school these are the young kids
they get to hang out with mom and dad
while we work out and sweating we get
the kisser cheeks oh he loves you he
does mommy just watching some good old
spongebob to get the day started huh
baby tired yeah you're getting your day
started a little old spongebob some
toast yeah dude I like your hair man
your hair's looking good would you say
say bye dad yeah want some breakfast
okay bye I'm going for a bike ride hey
guys hey you wearing my helmet dude it's
safety safety first there you go safety
first for my little baby boy check this
out here what zoom juice try some of
this juice you guys watch how much she
loves this it's uh mixed blackberries
blueberries and coconut water he's done
drinking it he looks like a young adult
I am commanded of the Third Reich
I protect my head with this helmet dude
you got a little juice mustache bro are
you just the most precious pressure son
of all pressure syns I think you
probably are hey you got it can you
clean this off let me get you a napkin
bro he makes here I'll just take this
this is daddy's helmet thanks bro yeah
little son you're silly
yeah I won't you have some more get it
all over your face it goes in your mouth
bro oh yeah
fresh fruit juices raagh darts slow down
my goodness dude it's not going anywhere
the baby likes it I thank you dude
you're gonna drink an entire gallon of
this stuff it's basically by the coco
coconut water blueberries and
blackberries all blended up in the
Vitamix blender he's chucking this and
some actually organic apple or orange
juice that we got from Whole Foods is
there any left for me to do you drink
the entire glass and half of its on your
upper lip dude oh my gosh and then he
stands on the computer and he plays with
the iPhone why wouldn't I want my baby
to play the iPhone after great you're
psycho you got your psycho what do you
expect
come on we're gonna throw you in a
freakin bathtub I'm just running
I will do anything as soon as they get
off the camera with you guys so Carly is
gonna meet me here and sweat guys do
whatever okay my goal is to make it
three miles and I did it doing something
on a treadmill where it's like you're
the one that has a charge of what you're
doing you don't have a train or anybody
tell you what to do can't change your
goal so once you set your goal you got
to go until you reach it so I have in
the past been like okay I'm gonna go 40
minutes and then 30 minutes I'm like I'm
tired my goal is 30 minutes we can just
cheat myself at 10 minutes so that's the
idea is set a goal and then reach it
don't give up until you hit that three
miles seriously you guys that's what I'm
saying about Los Angeles the weather is
just so pretty here I mean look at all
these palm trees and the Sun is like
constantly shining it's a perfect 70
degrees out I just the weather I love
the weather here and that's why I think
we should stay in Los Angeles because
it's like this Barbie's riding this bike
I was at this stop line I'm like this
girl is such like Barbie she's gonna
like long blonde hair and food is this
creepy I'm following her ma'am it's okay
I'm happily married
it's okay and there's a cop following me
oh man local vlogger pulled over today
for vlogging a pedestrian car all the
rest of the 90 days no bail anyways you
guys I'm headed to a meeting right now
you guys like this thing I think this is
like a cooler you should start blogging
from this angle yo what's up check out
what's going on up my nose it's pretty
exciting stuff what
where are you sign your name y-yeah okay
who are we gonna give it to I well
whoever it is is gonna get this one
whoever gets this one send us a Twitpic
and say I got the one Princes tard sign
where you sign it in choose very
carefully so you're signing a calendar
hey baby dardo what are you doing up
there cleaning your room are you making
a mess let me guess like bechet's the
second one don't sign over my name dude
how dare you so I'm here slaving away at
the signing my hands are sore from
signing this
oh what a tough job it is let's see
that's a good signature except for you
wrote on my face how dare you do face my
face son write your name or you just
want to wipe one of your boogers on the
calendar yeah why don't you wipe your
booger how about the month of May month
of May is very boogery
is your birthday huh I forgot oh yeah we
forgot to put Logan in my dad's
birthday's in there so you guys want to
go right my dad's stop picking your nose
why are you picking your nose it's
disgust you what all right we signed
that one all right website in the
calendars hey you guys we are at the
Albertson's what we're doing front I
don't know it's like what are we doing
here we actually just finished Scouts
and we're here because we need to fill
up this giant water jug for princess
hard school class
guess all the parents need to take turns
filling up the water jug so it's our
turn we're gonna go get some filtered
water for the water Jeff and we had a
good time tonight
now in the scouting program and I am one
of the Scout leaders so I am a leader in
his scouting program it's kind of fun
and exciting it's a little while but
eight year old boys but it's always fun
and it's pretty thirsty because I three
sports three kiss ball
sunburn actually did really well I think
he's pretty athletic that's good because
I was you feel good you feel like you
don't barf on me that would be gross
send her dance dancing in this hand yeah
we're in the candy aisle I don't even
care he's like acting all guilty like no
I didn't do anything
I don't work get what this is a can yo
what we're in the candy aisle because
che actually wanted some starbursts and
he gets a little treat because he's not
naughty very often but he eats so good
lately I mean you got to know it's
pretty obvious he looks so great um
we're only getting treats - all of us
are sharing because if one person needs
all of these we will be on a sugar high
for the rest of our lives
Plus Carly just texted me and said Kate
gym five a.m. I don't know about that
yes I could do it I couldn't do it
we're going fine am because we have an
early call time for our moms on the
loose which is gonna be so much fun so
we're here getting some starburst to
keep us awake so that we can not go to
sleep and go to the gym at 5:00 a.m. I
don't know what I'm talking about
let's just get country with the by mr.
o'duden we are using the
Oh Emma alright so you are bugging
approach block five gallons where's the
thing you want five gallons need it
I've got six pushes these things are
always make me laugh because I feel like
it's not gonna stop and I get nervous
like how much money supporters what if I
let you have those supporters what will
you do with them save them really or
will you look like any picking your nose
dude that's up here to such an epic WAP
yell fight child you think it's time for
a haircut to snip snip Utley do snipper
do snipper depends we need shade we met
and put the camera off too late can you
see it
hey we've got five gallons right now
yeah gallons right now oh I can't talk
now the problem is how do I get this
five gallon jug of water into my car
sits over there do you think you can
carry it hold on that's for the lid on
the okay so we don't spill water
everywhere Sun hurts
is it heavy what do you think okay put
their water down I can't have you things
you don't need to be crazy
you don't have to do with this larger
let's do squat and get a good workout I
didn't guys there's another video of a
water bottle footage of a five gallon
water bottle that we did a long time ago
do any of you know remember what it is
roll the footage wow that is an old
piece of footage if you don't know
that's like over three years ago you can
click it to the right I didn't even know
Shay back then I don't think oh you know
I did I was just a fan though I we
didn't like talk anyway so feel free to
click back to the right yesterday's vlog
so left or bonus video don't click that
no don't do it no reverse psychology
let's go down guys my name is Brett and
Shay's on a plane that is it I'm all not
playing oh no it's not I'm on a boat oh
and slave dumb
