Oh
why are you excited your first game sure
what what you do seriously I swear I
can't keep your yolks in your mouth man
seriously though it's their first day of
school back from the break which is a
really long break I feel like we've been
gone forever don't you guys feel like
that oh don't judge yes that's my Chris
history so don't judge the crib who are
you
that's a Dilys prince of Adaline
families families oh what's your
specialty princess baby bear yeah wish
it what are you the princess up you're
the princess of your movie are you a
movie star princess
sure mom I'll go with that
whatever cranky mom are you excited to
go to school yes
what are you doing okay we see with our
mouth it's always like scary excited and
nervous and gross no no my face faceless
in the others there's another trap no I
don't think that we caught any last
night which is good maybe there maybe
there aren't any more to come out I
would love that if they all just left
they took a vacation and went to Hawaii
or something that would be awesome okay
let's look at the trap in the door
because that's I've been waiting for
this drawer to catch a mouse so that we
can start putting stuff back in the yeah
after we clean it our office
I don't know Nick chocolate no because
eighth of all yesterday they bought me
some Oreo mint chocolate cookies for
Christmas and the kids ate them all
yesterday it was delicious
I of course had some but I had to share
him I would have eaten a whole box Oh
sick okay there's a sticky trap and
there's a snappy trap that must have
went off see what they do is they take
food out of the garbage that was a
french fry from dinner that I made last
night they take food out of the garbage
they bring it into this drawer to eat it
so I found all sorts of our garbage in
the store but it missed it oh so that
means there was a mouse here or a rat it
didn't get caught I'll get you I'll get
you rekt got money baby buddy I need
knowing you're gonna show us your eggs
oh they look so delicious you want to
share oh thank you that one's chewed up
yeah yeah yeah you got your coconut
water daddy loves you is sharing this
coconut water with you that must mean
you are very important dad Oh where's
dad dad where'd he go hey dad's running
dad's running you guys take this into
consideration in the great debate of the
Idaho versus LA log I know you're
fighting you would be surprised how many
comments you got to take this into
consideration yes listen to the birds
just imagine seventy degrees
blue skies palm trees fresh-cut grass
the smell of fresh-cut grass a cool
breeze off the ocean
birds chirping palm trees the sun is
shining it's so warm that's what I like
about the Elliott vlogs so nice I love
this time here and guess what it's like
pretty much every day that's why so many
people live here it's obvious now but
you do have to put up with traffic and
all that other crap hey sweet truck bro
that's my truck everybody was good how
was it good be good be great so it's
back to life you know this it's so weird
to come back to this life like what is
my job because it is like kind of coming
back to the grind like having meetings
at maker studios and just know how
producer about what we're gonna do next
you know because this it's so weird to
think that this is literally my job now
you know this is what I do it's kind of
gone from like you know where it's like
holy crap work we've been doing it for
four years this has been the longest job
I've ever had is that crazy to think
this what I'm doing here at making money
on YouTube interacting with you guys is
the longest job that I've ever had in my
life
and you guys know how many jobs I've had
and how I've been searching for what I'm
gonna do so this is like such a this is
what I call it this is what I call
whenever have these moments this is a
dream come true of a dream I never even
knew I had so amazing that what I do for
a living is just be me and
that you guys are entertained enough to
watch it and interact in the comment
just how many of you have come along for
the ride it is amazing and I just had a
big meeting you know talking about all
these you know cool experiences have
this new idea for this web series that I
want to do but we need like a tool
company as a sponsor anyways it's
interesting what I do and I appreciate
you guys for letting us do it but we got
some really cool stuff coming up for the
new year
me and Mama tar did the podcast today we
talked about our freakin mice oh my
goodness mice we had a nice talk about
mommy battling mice at four in the
morning and when I am sleeping so check
it out the podcasts were back and
they're sneaking download them on iTunes
we talked all about that let's check
that out now oh my F I'm going to pick
up son tart from karate and I just
passed it
baby ba ba baby girl there you go
are you guys excited to go grocery
shopping I look at home video dad dad
mom is the best is the best you forgot
to add that is the best part we're
headed to the grocery store say and and
Centauri are caravanning
with us they're behind us somewhere I
don't know where they are I don't see
him we're winning we're winning the race
to the grocery store then we're gonna
get through our trades the goal right
now is we're trying to eat out there as
well as not eat out as much so we're
going to the grocery store to shop
together as a family to buy healthy
things and yeah it's gonna be great and
hopefully since we're going as a family
it will help the kids to learn to
appreciate the food that we're cooking
because they were involved in the
process of buying it and picking out
what we're getting and stuff like that
so that's the goal let's go I shoulda
said princess star to Chez centaur and
Princess her she's not with me she's
with Shane I just thought you know our
doctor sticky-fingers no no no no
okay baby turtle my ladybug for a minute
here take the camera mom eat rnase joy
and she taking us to this toy we're
gonna buy steamed I want broccoli snow
broccolis smell round things you know oh
wow Brussels spouts are you guys but
baby tart actually likes Brussels
sprouts so that crazy most most people
let alone kids do not like Brussels
sprouts but I like sprouts and baby tar
likes them because they're cute and
little they're like little lettuces you
have tastes the same
what new Tennessee man
see the next yah-tchi beaver and Taylor
Swift right here beautiful beautiful
rock card you're a natural I'm so proud
I feel like he's heard that song over
and over again his freakish art was
Justin Bieber so he knows the - yeah
yeah yeah what do you bet we go like
this the rush to the my help oh now he
stops he was getting louder yeah
good job honey bear
all right where we are big dollars sorry
we're not at the dollar store where we
are what are you and Frank where is your
voice man twice I just smacked my car on
the cart all right we're here at the
Whole Foods we're gonna go get some
groceries it's gonna be a fun time for
all you ready look at this beautiful
sunset in the California sky don't rush
me bro hey girls you guys excited to do
gymnastics are they gonna go twice a
week I think so I think we should go
twice a week dude because you're gonna
get good you're gonna go twice sweet cuz
I want you to get good I want to go to
the Olympics and win a gold medal stop
annoying your brother he's like a rat
call like I know and I've caught a trap
every time he's squealing I know that
she's there bugging him
why that was nice catch but was that a P
we're having some delicious Whole Foods
I got some caramel chocolates out it's
all organic all natural all real green
sevens
Odwalla delicious superfoods Amazon
juices all the best all the tomatoes
fine ripened organic Oh so many
nutrients and deliciousness I know
yeah kind of is here hey guys we're
gonna get some groceries and then we're
gonna go do our homework we're doing
some plus-minus games on the way here
hey guys ready four plus three
they're an even though seven good you
know the screaming dog
oh no some piss and yogurt for breakfast
it's a granola hassle granola and
blackberries and yogurt and mix that all
up we had that for room service we're
traveling here
all right yogurt is the key you got to
get a good one or else it's just gross
forget the antioxidants on the
antioxidants none of these go to LA
because I've never been more excited
about the new lobs my entire life and
this is a coconut vanilla granola that
it's gonna be delicious
too late don't be fast for this kind of
rain
so many ladies hearts okay slow down
there throw naughty minute or hearts at
any college please I'm gonna get some
shrimp in huh rings ooh shrimp what
about some lobster tail order that's
crab leg oh gee these little snail
little bit of snails snails they saw the
eyes on for dessert be like a newbies
like shrimp about these I hate see you
like lobster in the center tonight's
lobster I lobster then I flounder lot
swordfish he left me
logan breaker heart their friend around
what is that that's from optical a
lobster never flounder Nancy wrapped her
life around me and there drove up in his
harp
well I lobster and never flounder he's
gone before picking out what kind of
seafood already hey babe you know me you
did thing off this too this countered up
and it is quite shiny I must say this is
a major accomplishment when you get the
countertop and the kitchen table all
wiped down rough wipe down and then dry
it off doesn't like look it's like all
shiny and it really looks like you got
something on area yeah it's all clean
for instance mommy you're slacking
look I've signed the laundry's folded
signed sign luck Casey rough stud on
that so I have signed all these these
are all signed and mommy guard Houston
spider so basically here's my call for
this week is to get all of the
intelligence out I don't know how many
there are
I thought there was like 400 people on
the web sites and there's like 12
hundred or a thousand I don't know just
if you want one Orem we're gonna sign
every single last one of them now that
we're here and then we're in town I know
I couldn't sign them all I wanted to
sign them all but it was just like such
a rush before Christmas like we had to
get so many out that I couldn't sign
them all so these last couple boxes
we're going to find everyone plus we're
still think you're not like for instance
some of you
have some return to centers and summer
in Lenoir City Tennessee it says
insufficient address for you so we have
some that got sent back to us we have to
figure out a few of those and then some
of you like some of you seem like the
postman like bent in half
who does that mr. postman oh my god
Astra poncho knew him was a poet's man
our old house hero the main checked over
the fennec we had a mailbox on the house
and he was just too lazy to open the
game is afraid of well that's why I was
always out but he was afraid of them and
I think you would just just chuck it
over anyways okay so mom why are you
signing in red are you doing purple yes
she's very committed toward colors I
think I like the purple I think I like
the purple the bus
I like the blocks for me let's see a
purple signing all right who's this one
going to Gregory and Wisconsin this
one's gonna be yours we haven't shown
many of these you guys did you see the
last picture I think now that like
everybody's dad oh so this is a picture
of mr. Kassem G this is a bonus month
for January 2013
this is a picture that I took in
Sarasota Florida right before Charles
and Ali were Wed or this was after
action we're waiting for them to come
out on my iPhone and it was just like
Castle was just looking at the sunset
I'm like oh that's a good picture so I
took it out of him in his tux it so I
thought that'd be funny to use this is
the last bonus picture so anyways
there's lots of original shade hard
pictures you guys you want some shaped
our business here's one of all the boys
all the boys were hanging out just
better not some of you are so 84 your
calendar are gonna be surprising you
decorated it alright so Simon the rest
of these kids are in bed I'll break your
boy off see you guys tomorrow love you
much see you bye check out our podcast I
think where our podcasts our new podcast
is going up today alright see you guys
bye
so exciting but you're over the phone
waves and I am here actually
and it was like fate had brought us
together once again in the line whores
or something and it's really awesome
because I'm there so
oh you should go listen to her
