three
three
beginning to another beautiful day in
the world so a question for you guys
what do you think I should do I sleep in
for another two hours or go running 12
miles such a dilemma my life okay let's
go running who's ready I'm ready
just kidding we're not sleeping in we're
getting up because we choose what this
body looks like and sleeping for two
hours is not the wrestling's of a small
man let's see what these wrestling's can
produce Oh dad who's that prisoner is he
prisoner in his crib morning bud how's
it going did you have a good night's
sleep you look like you got sleepy face
on still you gonna wear that sleepy face
all day today you're gonna put on a
happy face do not rip that off that's
against the law whew ripped that tag off
the pillow you'll be yeah federal crime
against you
yeah they'll come in through the window
they'll probably shoot teargas through
there and they'll come in and arrest you
and then you'll be in a real jail for
ripping the tags off of pillows it's a
federal offense how was your sleep did
you have a good night's sleep
say that'd be dad say levy dad mr.
sleepy face alright you guys so I just
found a bunch of footage on mommy turns
camera from where in Utah I was like
Muhammad are we gotta use this footage
so Brett's gonna put it all together
good luck Brett because I don't know
exactly what it is I just found it on
mommy turns camera I thought we gotta
use this footage so we're gonna use that
footage right now of when we were back
in Salt Lake and I think me and Casey
we're skiing and mommy tires hanging out
with the kids all right get up get up
sleepy face it's time for a brand new
day it's the first day of the rest of
your life you're ready to celebrate it
yeah yeah
 and Logan and Casey are skiing
right now and so I'm going to try to
take care lovely few children in the
bull by myself and I'm wearing where are
we cool yeah that's her ruling check out
my outfit I've got my swimsuit on and my
taking food I'm so stylish right now
Keith let's go
sorry I just realized I couldn't you
couldn't see my ugg boots when I showed
up I'll show you again yeah boots with
the fur yeah are you guys excited Birds
excited is it warm and baby tired house
for sale she's wearing a tail with her
swimming suit today like the ruffle
that's come undone so now it's just a
beautiful train you're like the princess
you guys see that on the camera it's
clouds
this baby's wearing his pajama bottoms
cuz I didn't have anything for him he
was really honoring last night too
weren't you he made che and I stay up
til 4:00 in the morning awesome food
still warming what did you guys have fun
swimming we left because he was getting
funky again it's time for a nap time so
that will be our next challenge in a
hotel room with all of us is to take a
nap you have disturbers he doesn't want
shirt we are venturing out of our hotel
room we are walking down to this Union
Pacific Railroad signs where the Gateway
Mall is we're gonna find some grub
because we're hungry
you guys hungry yes I'm so hungry I'm my
dad
yeah that's it that's Energy Solutions
arena will walk on right by right on by
there's a guy out trying to sell us
tickets and I'm like you move on take
four kids to a jazz basketball game no
I'm not cutting doors you not until
they're old enough to really appreciate
the game right where's two guys well
that's just fun hopefully they can sell
them and make some money Hey bruises
going away
good hold a cracker crummy meth
oh he is plumb tuckered out you are a
complete this one kept Shay and I awake
till 4:00 in the morning last night I
actually fell asleep for an hour and
then he woke up again after she went to
bed at 4:00 after editing the video he
stayed up so late to edit your video you
guys he is good man and he loves you and
he loves not rambling but anyway Swiper
no swiping Swiper no swiping
oh nice jammies okay let's cross the
street and go to the mall instead do I
know okay later guys and shutting the
closes okay go let's go come on check
out this place I think that we have
logged this place before that's a funny
thing
it says 1869 this is an old railroad
yeah it's really cool and I don't know
if you guys want to look through the
logs but I'm pretty sure that we have
filmed in here before I remember Shay
fill me in here before I have no idea
one but it was here creepy right what's
your fortune I know no it says you will
soon carry it also to mark on a business
venture what are you gonna do we're a
pathetic soldier we are on a business
venture and we actually waited in line
at the Panda Express for like 17 years
so that's a business adventure you got
to wait long through the EU will be you
will I wonder what it is okay baby chart
what's your fortune come on you can do
it it says joy will come with a return
of a good friends who do you think it is
your thumb lately no were you doing
got your very own four-wheeler
unfortunately it's still attached so
maybe you should be careful with our
virtual rocket we're on our way back to
hotel and the sun's gone down so the
chill in the air is killing us - the
phone may be tired we're pretending like
we're pioneers trudging across the blame
we have ice cream and we're wearing
flip-flops yes we live in California
we're crazy and we did meet a few girls
at the the mall that recognized us and
they were so sweet they had to sign
their jackets and it took a long time
but I hope that they were okay with that
and rocked hard visiting his tendon
fresh noodles wrapped heart are you
feeling this hold
he's warming bundle you know that I
thought my history we're crazy but it's
fun we love it hey you just walked in
and we just got back from the mall go
just do it you don't care Oh shaycarl
scared of something
what's he gonna do kick you out of the
bowling alley not gonna give you your
deposit on your shoes you want me to do
it when we grab some balls and just
start well good morning I can't say it's
like Christmas morning but I am like
excited because we said ton of rocks
last night so let's go on a brat slash
mouse hunt and see if we caught anything
okay you guys come with me but first one
she's
the couch let's um nope not snapped did
you only set one behind the couch okay
there's one next next which okay that's
great don't remember me that way okay
and trees oh we said a huge one in here
that was where the thick one was that I
was fighting with the other night no
drugs there she's not getting away this
time I tell you is that story
okay next our room know what ah that's
good though I guess they're not coming
out
oh it's there's one right there I can
barely see it there's no mouse in it I
guess we're good so far because I don't
see any mice or any Mouse poop so that's
a good thing right now we're going up
the stair we set some in this closet
because there's a hole in the wall nice
see look at this one it's huge it's like
a perfect ball mouse hole it's like they
they carved it out and made a little
door like Tom and Jerry style okay next
next
alright now we're in the kitchen and
this is where I first found them was in
this drawer right here where I put my
dish towels I cleaned it out and we put
mean I've tried to catch them multiple
times in this drawer with a sticky trap
and usually I look in it and the sticky
trap has just been like moved around and
they haven't gotten a cop so we tried to
snap trap this time here no I guess
that's a good sign right that's good
right now we're in the garage this is
where we found four right here okay
there's no mouse there but he did set
this trap off that means he got away
and he pooped as he left see they're
getting in through these water pipe hole
and this is where we've gotten four
already this is like the golden
mousetrap spot so I'm betting that we'll
get at least one more here but so let's
look at the other traps maybe another
trap snapped
is this bad I'm like so excited to kill
a mouse I know that some of you were
like oh my gosh that's so mean the poor
mice is the perm - poor little mouses
but when they're in your house crawling
around and pooping on your floor and on
your bed that's when it's not okay okay
it's not okay I'm not okay with that I'm
gonna kill these mice and they have tons
of diseases what if what kids get a
disease or something seriously guys it's
still like okay okay bring the starch
what's your trick I guess I'll have it
on your shirt look at you thank you
thank you
what's your hair doing I think you have
two horns right here and here and then
wearing a girdle maybe what you want to
watch this okay I'm watching I'm
watching watch it what am i watching
yes I still have my Christmas tree up
and my Christmas decorations I think I'm
gonna start a new trend alright okay
okay
exhibition xmx ination I don't know what
is going on hey what's going on right
now currently you are in an in-state
there's no gravity here
nope no no I'm going to wash a anyway
that's a good video thanks for giving
that footage all right perfect
I love you too
