takes me how to Doug takes me how to
drag me makes me a Disneyland okay hold
on I'm gonna put you on speakerphone
mommy turn are we going to Disneyland
tonight Casey do you want to visit on
tonight
yeah but midnight Casey doesn't want to
go tonight
Caylee you want to go sure kid wants to
go you guys want to go to Disneyland
these guys want to go do you want to go
really
yes stager yeah these guys want to go
babe what do you want to do do you want
to not go tonight
we cannot go tonight and then just go to
like the aquarium in Long Beach we go to
that tomorrow night or the aquarium
tonight I don't know that's I'm saying
we could go to the aquarium tomorrow
tonight we could just hang out make
dinner and just chill and get the house
is ready for school and then tomorrow we
go to the aquarium you guys wanna do
that guys what do that sound good this
guy has a few crimes to solve but he'll
go Haven Robin are gonna go take down
Gotham City hey see what are you doing
I'm Anthony
Casey's editing a sweet video we just
did a shot oh let me show him you're sat
nude you guys check out Casey's hunting
inside honey have you seen Casey's
hunting site yeah you seen the backdrop
here we go this is where me in Casey
just filmed on set with Hutchins with
levere that's the name of Casey's new
show the new all coming show or just
hunting in general check it out links
below all right babe I love you I will
never clean our room how come it's
always happens we cleaned the house and
then all of the house comes into our
room yeah dude I think your baby's
drowning in there drowning good hey I
like your outfit today
you like my sparkly gold it is so
sparkly that's why I was about to say
turn around I love that belt you're a
beautiful woman you know that well you
do a dang good job that's for sure
that's for shizzle my nizzle
you like Mike Hutchins with levere top
that don't you like it
I do what's this
you can sneak in I could sneak into a P
Diddy party with this thing on P Diddy
white party
what I'll pay I'm here with the P Diddy
Klan with my hush on the fear this P
Diddy usually have an elk honest does
only the coolest rappers have the elk
okay good I'm out of shape because I
haven't been running I'm out of shape I
went by q4 22 miles and then I ran for
another six oh you need to rethink your
out of statements and me on the other
hand I set my alarm for six o'clock and
I rolled over and I had to push the
button to turn it off that was such a
hard workout man see I got my morning
workout in I was proud of you for not
doing anything I did I turn the alarm
off and thinking I should go I have
energy I really should go to the gym and
I roll over I didn't go to the gym yeah
lazy slacker this is what you're dealing
with with rock Carter this is how you
find him at times I'm just standing on
the top of the tallest table in the
building looking outside you see out
there
opportunity hope for a better future you
see all those things out there I do to
you it's the dawn of a new day there's a
new generation springing forth and their
names are rock hard ha ha I'm the cutest
baby in the world
I'm here to baby in the world they'll
start the revolution yeah yeah yeah I
love you
tell me about what it was like filming
that video epic war why what do we do
all day huh but we didn't we just
basically play with toys for like three
hours that's all we did is we came out
here we put all these toys out here and
for like three hours we just played with
toys and shot each other tape and filmed
it and Sam made a sweet yeah fly it
I think it's on see Channel see you
haven't seen it yet epic war Bret
Lincoln it's amazing that's awesome
check it with me and son tired I was I
was a much chunkier War man back the
head there's a lot more to hit that's
for sure someone's excited to be back on
his comfortable bed excited yeah should
you go poke me I like this bed all right
what are we doing today dude besides
losing our voice he's sick man we're
cleaning cle-cle cleaning which is
definitely different than going to
Disneyland
yeah that's disgusting what are those
snails or snails let's go throw that
away
eat this I'm like in a jar
I don't think we want to have a jar full
of slugs in our house that seems disgust
to me you put a lid on them and then do
what of them stare at them stare at them
being slugs it's gonna be super
interesting watching slugs be slugs I
know that's one of my favorite pastimes
just sitting around watching a slug via
slug all right dude good job you got
some of the back of this cleaned up now
we have a mice issue that we're still
dealing with
killed one last night let's go check the
traps we did get one last night and we
were chasing one around and on all the
night we are feverishly cleaning look
I've scrubbed off the table I've swept
the garage I've set traps all along I
stacked all the bikes up I've swept out
the floor
we basically could eat off of this
garage floor now I've swept it as good
as I can so there's no debris I've got
all the bike setup I need only these
bike things you hang your bikes up you
own I mean any one of those babies
because we have like 1800 bucks but the
garage is looking cleaner I spiff and
spanned it spiff and spanned is that a
word it's more like a spic and span and
this I found out is where the mics are
coming they're coming through this hole
underneath the house and below weights a
nice little trap we have two confirmed
kills right in this area it's exciting
you guys two confirmed kills
but overall since we've been in this
house we've killed probably twelve mice
right a dozen of them have gone the way
of the Buffalo let's go see how the
girls are doing on their room right now
and it better be clean or they're gonna
get one swift knuckle sandwich to the
jaw okay who's ready for their knuckle
sandwich baby card you throw your sister
under the bus you ready for your knuckle
sandwich
remember when you point your finger
there's five pointing back at you or
four see those fingers point at Prince
baby tart look at those fingers pointing
back at you see him there point you back
to you you realize that when you point
one finger there's four when you back
aiders so here's like this desk that was
nice hon percenter to bring this for you
he's got all your pens and pencils and
notes and scissors and all kinds of
accouterments to make some fun crafts
punch
okay here's both get knuckle sandwiches
punch to the head never hurt nobody
that's what my mom always said that's
how I thought I was raised the punch to
the head never hurt nobody all right you
guys let's go pick your crutches up with
your mind they're dirty leafy let's
clean them go spray them off with the
hose Rock chart is your room clean young
man we have a mouse problem and we need
to pick up everything
need to clean and sterilize and vacuum
and wash and scrub that doesn't help
anything you had a trick with your
brother let's see you do that baby turns
already I think he's gonna get
claustrophobic you guys rock hard
oh you have a growth oh nasty there's a
growth growing out of your shirt poor
Akhtar's he's gonna beat up by his
sister's punch you in the nose Akhtar do
you just walk around with a playlist
offense yes
would you get at the store tell me Mommy
tired this bear touched something boom
Shakalaka
like that is gonna catch Bigfoot we have
a sasquatch problem in our house we do
what fine why we're not going to
Disneyland today am I in trouble we were
all excited to go to Disney we but we
have a war to wage here tell him what we
did last night at 3 in the morning I
woke up to the pitter-patter of little
feet and no it was not a child it was a
rat and not the ratatouille kind and she
woke me up plans ready in the mornings
and shake shake it hot there's a mouse
you're inside and it's that right here
like it was on top of that it was right
here and it'll be so funny if it is back
there I like your shoes by the way
where'd you get those nice Christmas
present from me all right so we're
spending basically the day we're not
going to Disneyland
we were gonna scour this house we're
gonna clean every inch of it we're gonna
set traps and we're gonna get rid of all
the mice yeah that's already the rest
today
goodbye sunset on the Venice Beach trip
with Bridget are its new Jota hey are
you listening to bro
what jams you rock it in there what song
are you listening to we didn't start
yelling at our kids to take the
headphones out of their ears decided to
make a run down to Venice Beach to watch
the sunset and it took us 14 hours to
park so the Sun is set and come up and
now we're watching it rise I'm just
kidding
so that's very beautiful down here
hustling and bustling lot of crap going
on what are you listening to a it's a
good song people it's a really good gem
rock card what are we listening to huh
listening to the ocean breeze just
chillin in the ocean breeze huh Wow
I think I like living in California so
pretty
all right we got down here where all the
light was gone we're still a little bit
and we even got a little bit of
moonlight is out Sun tired miss pretty
do run down that Beach spring down that
Beach it feels so good
gorgeous
that way dude run to go this way now we
go there he goes into the horizon go
laughs I can't see oh I could just hear
you shut up come back here but run where
it looks wet right here come down here
in the water there we go
no go over more I didn't see your
silhouette come here your heads chopped
off there we go now you're a hole boy
stand up this fun day Shh
where are we doing we're still here at
the ocean yeah are you getting ready to
run no Wyatt Oh ladders not to get you
okay guys ready run okay follow me go
keep up
hey Katie Ladd nothing I tried calling
your husband but I could reach a me so
busy oh man I guess you have to find a
new husband any any prospective people
oh alright we're gonna have to find
someone with just as many subscribers so
I'll look into that how are you doing I
haven't talked to you for a while good I
miss you we should yeah once all the
rats are gone we should have a big
dinner or something the celebration all
right well I guess people can click on
yesterday's vlog
any last words Katie I just put you on
the spot no you know you're perfect your
voice is so much more feminine than
Shea's it was a success what do you
think guys successful end slate all
right bye I'll talk to you later
