watch the rims on the baby Man 3
baby band 3
alright guys here's how you tell the
holidays are over this stupid tree we
used you in abused you now you have to
sit out on the corner of the street
because no one loves you what about your
buck Kelly okay see your wife has a
slightly but your butt is so slightly
we're here on set of the moms view I'm
excited to be here on the moms view yes
they say hotness and hairspray Quinn hey
Kurt what's up bro oh no bro you like to
hey he likes hanging out with the
hotness and hairspray Clint or about you
some questions and I'm gonna be like my
goal is to make you cry by the time you
wanna see us cry cry on the moms is
hanging out with rock card he loves it
don't spill it on me I'm gonna punch
your notes in you just don't daddy's
pink so yeah I mean don't drink it all
dude you're taking all Betty's dreams
okay say shake shake you guys he just
say in my name is a day we're at Colette
parents house I wouldn't think that dude
right how old is where'd you find that
dude it might have just been sitting in
our fridge since hitting done enjoy by
February 4th 2026 I'd shake it up really
good I don't want to drink it now you
scared was it sealed yeah ok that's
probably find out the fridge outside oh
yeah it's fine let's just shake it yeah
I'm just saying that cuz I wanna I don't
want you to drink there's another one is
there aa score don't both get sick
together sorry hey hey Shay hey Shane
who died try it's really it's the phase
my favorite actually I didn't drink up
bro don't try it
okay you guys I have terrible horrible
news we have mice it is disgusting we
came home last night
we you know we just got off this long
tour to day 14 our road trip
finally get home after this long
Christmas vacation you know it's like
you need a vacation from your vacation
because it's so exhausting so we get
home we're so excited to be in our home
with all of our own beds in all of our
own rooms and we have mice like I'm
talking there's mice poop everywhere
like on me and mommy tarts bed on the
girls bed in rock tards room
oh so freakin disgusting and it's
everywhere I don't want to tell you guys
a story that's so disgusting I ended up
drinking some water that may or may not
have had mice poop in it it's just like
hideous so we have a mouse problem and I
told mom in Tartus I can pack the bags
we are leaving this house we're going to
Disneyland for two days but first we're
gonna live here with these mice for the
next 24 hours because I literally feel
like there could be 70 or 80 mice in our
walls like it's it feels like there's
that many in our house and we can hear
them running through the walls so we
slept her tonight like I slept on the
bed with baby tart and Princess hard
like all in one bed cuz they were
terrified and mommy tarts slept bless
their heart up in princess tarts bunk
anyway so I'm cleaning now because we
are gonna walk this house down there's
gonna be absolutely no food I've already
thrown away like almost our entire
pantry of food because they had gotten
into the the flour I'm just sweeping out
like all the corners I just swept that
out really good we're washing everything
Maria's here hey up top you are gonna
help us huh we're a team give me five if
I have me and you all right we're gonna
get these how do you say como se D say
my strat owns yeah we're gonna kill him
workday so they got into our flour I've
like literally taken out all the food
they're all the flour whose is this if
it's not sealed up we're throwing it
away and we're cleaning Ally what's your
job today taking care of business what
business okay right now I'm taking care
of the I don't know if I'm allowed to
tell them about these videos no we're
not talking about that we're talk about
working guy and rid of the rats organ is
coming from 2:00 to 4:00 they're gonna
be rat proofing and doing chemical
treatments and non-chemical traps I
don't care if these Matt these rats
suffer I want I want to waterboard these
rats is what I'm saying to you I don't
care about humanness I want the
out of my house I would burn it down to
the ground if mommy tarde would let me
okay I'm gonna tell you the real story
last night we had these waters where's
one of those water bottles we all have
all these water bottles just sitting
around you know how there's like 14
empty water bottles apparently somehow a
rat pooped in one of these water bottles
and I had just opened a water and I was
drinking it and I reached down and I
drank from the wrong bottle that had
just been sitting here for the last
three weeks and a rat poop in it and I
put it in my mouth and a little bit
about my nose long story short I threw
up everywhere and I am pissed and so we
are calling in backup and we were
cleaning this house hey man what's up
I'm glad you're here I love you so I'm
cleaning the garage that's my job and
these guys are cleaning in here and
we're trying to get the last oh okay you
guys the calendars are about sold out
how many boxes we have for pay you guys
if you want a calendar they're about
sold out we're not gonna do any more
after this yeah I think there's really
only like 400 left so if you guys want
them we'll assign them how about that
we'll sign the last 400 Mia mommy's hard
we'll spend the last 400 so you want to
calendar links below her you want to get
rid of these because then we're stopping
it because we had to move on another
south all right we're Mouse killing
today and look I'm gonna go buy I had a
hook I got to go to Home Depot because I
need to buy hopefully the Orkin guy
brings a ton but I'm gonna set my own
traps because I'm gonna leaving nothing
to chance I'm you know organizing
everything I've been sweeping out the
garage I need to get I stole those from
the church and you take those back well
my bishop doesn't watch this
teach teach me how to dougie teach teach
me how
it's me how to dougie teach me how to
dougie
what is going on here very large glass
of water the person plugs their ears
until they're totally plugged and yet
that's why that they have to hold their
ears because only you can really know
when your ears totally plug and then
someone else feeds you waters you exhale
three times with the first three
swallows then inhale three times through
the next three swallows can then you
keep going but you know what and then
when you're done in the water
your hiccups are gone I think it sounds
scientific I think my hiccups are gone I
know and that was the real trick we're
gonna confuse the hell out of you until
you don't know what we're talking about
that and guess what hiccups are gone
your sisters silly mommy tart is this
how you guys were when you're little
girls giggle errs yeah I know your your
Prix is hard a baby tart I want to smack
both of you like you gigglers daddy
doubt the dog what do you plan Bop It
how about you stop it that's annoying so
what is this one just bugger it this
flick a booger it what is that one what
is it what's your record why what's the
most you've ever gotten
hey you excited to go back to school no
yes you are oh there's mr. monster man
hey what you're doing little boy
don't hit the pocket that is not any way
to interact with an electronic device
they're gonna take over one day you
can't oh that was oh I thought was a Bop
it to the face bone you're right dude
yeah beat it up you know I take nothing
from nobody man we don't take no crap
from nobody
we're not gonna where where we gonna go
it's me BAM
Disneyland again oh that's one Space
Mountain dude and listen here's what we
got to do me and you high-five let's
agree on this mean you have to get on
the front row up Stace no no get this
little crazy guy
baby chart me and you went off facing on
the other last time huh remember what
are you eating this an ice cream ice
cream hold a nice cool air don't hog the
ice cream nice nothing I can't oh yeah
I've had like half a gallon of ice cream
today I haven't already robbed hard
likes to bash his head into things you
can tell there's scars up and down his
face so hey I'm ruptor I like to hit my
head into the walls and corners of doors
maybe try remember space no space night
was awesome wasn't it they're fighting
we gotta go on again why would you
taught up for Indiana Jones where you
not do we have to get you some high
shoes put some like things under your
shoes so you're taller okay don't do
that you can bring in your mint
chocolate chip ice cream with you nope
Hey once you punch your sister in the
face Hey look look he's Joey's giving
you the International signal for fries
me look it look at rock card look at
wrong turn oh dude you totally crowded
look at this little dude he's like a
little bird feed me you're leaving him
out baby towards this guy he's about to
starve
oh yeah finally
well you think rock turns that good that
yummy yes yelling huh oh I like the are
screaming so delicious oh yeah your
prisoner all right goodbye
oh I love you hey hey hey shake shake
shake you say dad
say dad all right hey Dave Kelly instead
of stand around looking all nipply go
find us some mousetraps I'm gonna buy
like $100 with the mousetraps baby I
told them about our mouse infestation
did you get a cat for 50 bucks I'm gonna
buy a panther I'm gonna literally get a
black panther to walk around our house
and do this - well we gotta go guys you
guys we're gonna find mousetraps right
now we won't sure the lug we're getting
the princess dress for a princess cars
show like that they like matching
picking out dresses for the girls like
girls to match I'd say get a matching or
this would be good for baby tard doesn't
she have a dress like that can't you see
they be tarred in that dress there's so
I'd terrible oh my goodness it's our
matching dresses for our princess how
adorable yeah try wearing like this hey
you guys okay so I'm just here shopping
getting a few things like some deathtrap
all right so I did find some nice traps
where this light catches them let's see
yeah the mouse goes in there and then it
closes so that you can make actually
catch the mouse inside here and they're
still alive and they're not harmed so
you can like throw them out into a nice
wilderness somewhere so they can live
but screw that I'm just gonna catch them
so that I can see them alive I want to
take them prisoners like I said we're
gonna waterboard these masses they got a
bunch of these traps
we're gonna get rid of these babies
plenty of this house cleaned
so I'm ready to go to war when look what
I just picked up from my local magazine
stand a copied of Wired magazine I
haven't seen this but I just want to
flip through oh please that in the
latest Wired magazine but none other
than shaycarl hey stud man you looking
handsome and there's Lisa I missed the
beard look at a beard there's my new
leather jackets cool guys I got a
motorcycle so more jacket like there's
Lisa there's nice Peter that there's
Qasim and Olga and DeStorm and Freddie
and Brandon all my YouTube armies this
is pretty cool the YouTube Laugh Factory
that's cool a big article on all you
youtubers and the new Wired magazine
check it out you guys see one check out
the article it's pretty cool that's
exciting
first magazine that ever been it I'm
gonna buy it I'm gonna buy this magazine
cuz I'm in it let's go who's that Rob
tard oh what's out here watch let's see
if Dave can fly out of your hand
hey Rach tired remember what do you
think
is that cool set it up so you can fly it
here put it right here rock turn set
around hop in there and you'll fly it he
said to it
you watch ready here it goes
that awesome whoa whoa say old man when
do it again k put it right here dude put
right here let's set it on here and
it'll take off so you ready hey
okay ready 3 2 1 take off that cool rock
get to the choppa CD landed on a rock
turns head then you'll get five bonus
points then on it's helicopter pad right
there oh you missed the landing capable
donatella copter pad hey we got a new
head toilet or playing with here put her
on a teletype your pad right here put it
right there and say he just Chuck's out
they're gonna go three two one Raja
uncle Casey's gonna fly it now oh that
was inches from blindness rock card put
it on the thing that's fun
my mom gave this to me for Christmas
this is one of my Christmas presents was
that so cool how mom gave us presents
yeah I mean Santa gave us presents
including anything
rocford catch it dude you catch it she
loves it
to see if he wants to play order a flat
rock jar cool and then Luke helicopter
crashed and burned the house down to the
ground then we killed all the mouths
your street is just on fire full of rats
so actually I woke up this morning and I
went outside because I set rat traps
everywhere and by the way they're not
mice they're rats come to find out
bigger benefits well they're big enough
to as a my strap hit some be like oh
just spring to my shoulder and get out
of the mousetrap so I had to get rat
traps because these things are so big
but I got one this morning so I have one
confirmed kill well I'm one step closer
yeah check out yesterday's vlog and I
got a secret book club going on if you
want to be in my nerdy book club click
on the other thingy bye
