pretty pretty pretty dark patches what
it is Katie letting shake Carl got the
cutest kids and maybe up on YouTube
making all the Vince and if you don't
know I'm gonna tell you like this like
this like son chart got all the girls on
them God I'm wondering how they get so
handsome
okay and baby's heart she got that baby
girl swag she can get a little
just like her dad with a rock tart I see
you starting to walk
hit that stanky leg then he hit the
driver Chris I start with you whack
girlfriend back handspring it's a
perfect ten uh yeah you know they PDF MP
two years done and he's on the three
we're ready for a pity also let it be
clear
hey
you're headed towards California now our
trip has done wonderful good Haley made
us delicious man nice pass Haley treat
75 it's delicious
hey we do a little man yeah he looks
like he's on overdrive sugar overdrive
thanks for the sugar bear hey happy
anniversary
nine years look at all of our
anniversary guests with us happy sorry
happy enough licked your head put your
head and flick your head and flick dude
this is my anniversary present I want to
flick you in the forehead from
anniversary anniversary present
can I have what mom wants one two for
her anniversary dude turn your head
ready ready do you love me do you love
your mom and dad do you love your mom
and dad okay hold still I said do you
love us
Carradine hold still Turner I had a hold
his head away Cooper ready hold his head
will you
baby for my anniversary present with you
in the forehead ready thank you
the breeze ready to ride to California
you got a dog strapped up there
the free right you go to California you
just hold on tight we'll make it I don't
know I don't think I could I come down
to the gym look at her little dirty
little paw prints oh that's really cute
little paw prints
nice one Capri you descended the window
mountains you descended the tinted
window Mountain that's next is k2 and
Everest for you puppy face I know
make a little paw print I need your
fingerprint Capri here yeah when you put
gas all over the ground that's probably
for thought-
smoke capricious Carly put diesel in a
Honda 616 and here's the funny thing is
at the pump they make the diesel nozzle
bigger so that you cannot fit it into
the hole of your car she just bought a
new car and I'm like our car must be a
newer bank so like this gas pump just
doesn't fit in it and I remember like
standing it was spring everywhere I was
like she was like she didn't even have
it inside the hole and she was still
putting diesel Carly Maria Velazquez
watch your language
look at Capri where you going man are
you dying when I come back I'm still on
this car I want to get down what am I
gonna do
she's going in the pride get a soda or
something save Capri princess all right
this is a test test test of the new
GoPro hero2 buddy I think I can't even
see if I'm really filming you or not
because I don't have a so this is a test
test that he tested he let's see how to
slow a bro
your trucks on fire maybe they have a
meth lab inside that truck that's how
those coils romano's ships their death
and put it in the back of my trucks like
this
it's like the top of his trucks on fire
it smells like it's on fire bro your
roofs on fire rock tired come here dude
hey come on let's go run so exciting
we're in Mesquite Nevada look at him
he's following the boys he's gonna Carly
this is the hotel where I about died
last time we stayed in here here they
come
this is when everybody hates Carly did
you just flash you're out there oh
what's going on oh we're going here or
spying spying on KC and Carly okay we
just left Mesquite we're filling up on
gas we're about to head to Vegas and I'm
gonna try to get a cool shot you guys
ready
cuz I want to ride on the front of my
truck we just he stood on at he's
adhered and we had heared it on with a
little sticky thing so hopefully the
GoPro will stick you guys are not ready
to go for a ride through the desert I
sit on the front of my truck here we go
hello it's me again I'm calling to hear
your voice on the line baby you a song
you a letter to say that I'm done with
this again I just want to interrupt your
writing on the front of my truck real
quick you got bugs in your teeth don't
brush about that's gross here we go -
s'more went through the box pictures of
us smiling back
paying ourselves we look so young we
look so happy
I don't believe yummy
sure lungs
that was Vegas on the front of my truck
can't you like it yeah all right we're
leaving the Buffett it was a delicious
of a fetch so good we're here at Circus
Circus having a little lunch hey rock
face is that delicious is that good that
was good huh bud hey mommy tired
what's okay I wasn't staring at your
butter promise it's inappropriate and
you know what that's what you get when
you have che recording video and edit
all of his own stuff that's why someone
needs to step in and take out all the
butt shots che if you're listening to me
bread is back in town guess who's back
bread is bad what who's it guess who's
back back again I don't know I think
it's Eminem it's whatever music you
think is cool to listen to cuz that's me
I'm a cool kid wait I'm not a kid I'm at
25 all right I'll talk to you later
hey it's Brett the intern I'm back
bringing sexy back all right yesterday's
Vons the left I'm feeling lucky to the
right I don't even know it's gonna push
to but feel free to click it all right
yay bye eight minutes
