happy
Hibs
hi babes I'm eating normally I believe
it's delicious I should not be Roman
Agena her pounds back
I had normal pop football what Kayleigh
made it she be offended if I didn't here
we would not want to offend
Kaylee's delicate sensibilities now
quickly what about these losers back
here what's going on in the back seat
looks like a lot of snore and going on
to me back here I think we roofied
everybody in the back seat so could we
could just hang out in the front seat
we're having a party up in frenzy hey
everybody it is are my gosh you see the
feather all never super that's why
casting on retards driving me another
roll that's a start I don't want to
break any rules you guys I am editing
the vlog but you know we got I got a lot
of footage but we don't have any
internet cuz look the Sun isn't a very
good Wi-Fi hotspot even though it is a
hotspot ha ha ha ha stop so today is me
and this girls 9 over 9 years just our
anniversary present it's our anniversary
present
and you know it's ironic about that is
that nine years ago we were driving on
this same road going to this exact same
direction we were headed to Las Vegas
however for our honeymoon we son we had
at that time we probably had $800 to our
name
yeah and 600 of it we got from our
wedding because literally as we were
driving to Vegas for our honeymoon we
were opening all the cards we got from
people that gave what they came to our
open house and a lot of them had money
in like cash or checks you know for the
new couple
but that's I've always thought about
that and that's always made me wonder
why people who are either boyfriend and
girlfriend or been dating for years you
know people you know people who've been
dating for like five or six years it's
like getting married already
or even worse people who live together
who aren't married who are waiting
because like well we want to wait two
more financially secure three get
married it's like why why not have a
partner to help you we were ex I
remember the day that we got married and
we got in my little Honda Accord and
we'd struck out from Vegas for our
honeymoon and we literally had nothing
we didn't own the only thing we had is
my car that's like the only way out of
like eight hundred bucks or whatever and
a joint checking account go ahead and
just started together and I always
thought why don't people want to work
together with that person that you want
to share the rest of your life with why
wait till you're financially secure
before you make that commitment
stand the connection between I feel like
I think what it is is people think they
have to be financially secure so that
they can provide they can create this
huge
yeah we've talked about this in our
podcasts on when the kids go to sleep
what did we spend total on our wedding
like two grand we seriously spent like
two thousand dollars and guess what
we're still happily married so that
giant community and that's fine if you
can have that if you can have that big
wedding day and that's always been like
a dream of yours but I like don't put
far for getting married just because
for a giant wedding because it's one day
literally if one day of your life
if you're loved and it doesn't define
your relationship by any means anyways
yeah ready month so yeah we don't have a
video today except for this video that
I'm followed via video at Birds turn
she's just kind of giant whopper so you
guys want to see me um you guys want to
see what I'm gonna I'll give you a
little sneak peek of tomorrow sneak Bri
what's a sneak preview
I'm gonna sneak pretty okay you guys
want to see a trick that I did on my
skis okay let's see if you can see this
on the editing here let's carry watch
here we go ready wait is it going go
see it you see it so I'm editing the
vlog and we're heading to Vegas we're
gonna stay in Vegas tonight and then
bring me in Hillman one day one day one
day was it just an advice you know is
that Spanish for one si si Senor e top
let's hear it does taste good
now you know to say 1111 is own say 12
is doce 13 is Couture say is that 14 I
have lost the pattern on wednesday by
say hello banditos
so we'll be back on track tomorrow but
we're just driving all day today and we
have no Wi-Fi so I thought I figured
we'd get this quick video up to let you
know where we're at in the world that
man is right there and look at the Sun
gorgeous gorgeous gorgeous all right so
I guess the theme of this video is just
freaking get married dudes find somebody
just grabbed them and just get marry
just mean I yo what's up let's get
married
hey you wanna get married huh let's get
married and popcorn face we'll get
married
I bought four bus let's get married ah
so we're excited to be back in LA I'm
excited for the 80 degree weather I
heard there's an arsonist and always
scared we're gonna find you we're gonna
make you babysit our children the bacon
and you want to light more fires
actually after that's that's not a good
idea
no he'll be like you want butter yeah so
we're headed back to LA let's buy you
the best policy it's the best policy to
run away
where are we even still the gates are Li
hours on you so I'll see you tomorrow
you guys the big ski day look let's see
how much footage I have and I can tell
you how long tomorrow's video will be so
far I have like fifteen or sixteen
minutes so tomorrow be an average 15
minute video anyways love you guys we're
driving all day we're gonna be in Vegas
tonight and then we will be back in Los
Angeles tomorrow okay love you
it's about so my ladies see if the
backseat wants to wave oh we got some we
got some waker-upper what's up dudes
what you're hungry was my vlogging she
loud rock hard are you hungry can you
smile for me bud huh all right
no smiles from the backseat all right
love you guys see you soon
