see don't eat the microphone rocked our
that's now you become a professional
singer dude Oh JB doesn't either my
group no sing into a watch but what but
watch daddy ready yah yah yah yah yah
yah yah
he was singing it hey yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah oh no watch out it's the
doggie of death hmm you're adorable
we got a rock star yeah he literally he
picked this up on his own and started
singing into it he's gonna be I tell you
mom come here mommy oh yeah here's my
Samia what not to see that sing a rock
card dude you're gonna be winning a
Grammy any day he's even got
choreography nice I I think that's a
good purchase I'm glad I got that nice
rock card rockin it on stage yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah now I'm all gone
here here at McDonald's if you can't
tell it's really noise here isn't it
noise here guys hold in this parking lot
and it's like all of our town is here at
McDonald's today we're here at
McDonald's and we're eating bad food
Monica we don't leave it yeah Oh stay
here 30 probably more 15 more minutes 30
more oh there's a very good negotiator
backroom
yummers
over here
here's our money
doing I'm sorry little phone we're still
okay we I just hung out with our good
friends ginger and her kids and we are
headed now to go play at the school I'm
gonna play basketball I'm going to win
all the basketball games because we all
know that I'm great at basketball if you
haven't seen that video go check it out
on my knee village water board straight
oh yes oh I'm dizzy bring our Mike
Gravel said we could bring her body
she's probably going to get them for you
because she told me to be over there and
if not then I'll just go back okay
everything's gonna be all right
okay we need to have a talk listen when
you sing your decibels don't need to go
higher than this this is my tree let's
try again okay we have practiced and now
print start and baby chart are ready to
sing their rendition of everything's
gonna be all right you ready okay okay
go
okay everything's gonna be all right oh
look at that
what whoa there's first of all I miss it
there's a guy on a skateboard and my
baggage I'm whoa no well no the guys on
the skateboard and he yeah
um the guy has to has a dog with the
leash on and the dog is pulling the guy
that does out with Malachi but sometimes
it backfires on him and many crashes
that's what happened to my computer the
power cord doesn't fit in because she
crashed on this is a longboard when
Malachi was pulling him it was crazy
crazy dog pulling skateboard too fast
probably Shay what you do and you look
so hey what do you trip over your
shoelace got turn too far out of Engl
hey that's my scooter hey it's fun how
come I didn't get you a scooter for
Christmas maybe I should have I want a
scooter do oh man lucky he's using the
New Jordans I got him Oh like your new
shoes I think they make you run faster
and jump higher I can do it okay I'm
ready
oh man you were so close babe there's
only like fences oh my god yeah don't
break it it's like a big baby okay show
me how to the loop how do you do it okay
show me not bad
you got a mug it hit like this gotta
move your hip again this is fun thanks
for starting the party yes I do Hey
are you skipping
is that a skip dribble is that your new
double move all the step
see that are you okay your tongue go
smack Oh smack him oh you're gonna have
to smack harder than that
farther than that oh good job nice I
want to try it try it super light just
one I'm not quite that advanced
Watson whoa
come on your watch oh let's say cool
whoa
which one is passing that distinct oh
this is right charge new zombie dance oh
now he quit like Oh mom Spellman I'm
putting my zombie arms away
hey zombie babies it looks like a zombie
zombie baby you're so adorable I love
you I'm a Matar on a scooter in the
stream name Jerome it's how fast you go
it's fun right son tyrunt's even hit
your mom with that big ball while she's
on the scooter that's a fun little game
try to tagger did get her character good
here nice shot do those clothes I'm
impressed
hey let me try all right you guys ready
we're gonna get her are you all ready
Oh Mose almost got you there mom tizzle
want you to challenge each other did you
you're on the scooter dude your target
you all right you just ate a man hula
hoop and mama serious I picture that you
are totally a hula hooper when you're a
little girl shake that booty mama shake
it shake it come on nice you got it babe
now you have to now you have to do
something else I have to juggle a ball
or something Center kick something your
mom that's up balsa looks Oh Caillou
I'll be making little every any day babe
hey go go
get on up I'm gonna try to take all of
these tulips and roll them up to shake I
didn't pitch a but I did right back at
you you can do it if you put your mind
to it babe come on you gotta shake those
hips more yeah nice you got it babe it's
like gonna knock him over
oh good job baby boy thunders got it
down shake it shake it shake it nice
dude use those hips
those are some dancing hips my Boy Scout
that was weird to say I'm so proud of my
boy his dancing hips are you proud of
our boys the scale
so it's dancing hips and Sofia you're
part of our what is that what are you
eating
and some how's it going
who is right where to hold to you're so
cute
you're the best cat ever so cute good
job dude you got it oh good look at you
good job rock and roll yo face never do
doctor that's the last ice cream cone
you'll have in 2011 you better enjoy it
sundar did you give that to him that's
nice of you to give up your own solitary
ice-cream cone to mr. rock face happy
new years everybody happy 2011 I hear
some major laughing going on downstairs
what's what it could be what you guys
laughing at down here so we're playing
with the new iPad two way it looks like
here's my bobble shoes one I thought
Dior for this one maybe you believe it
maybe some Gucci for that one products
or Jay Leno's nice Oh way go back that's
like the guy from Megamind laughs
Megamind right there that's fun with
picture warping
2011 is about over I'm trying to take
advantage of it as much as possible I'm
doing as many 2011 thingy 11e thingies
as possible this scooter ride is so 2011
as well Cara Delevigne scooter dancing
maybe a locational dancer
you hear that guy's neck next channel
will be scooter dancing it's good right
yes I do oh crap what do you do now
that's pretty good I love you crazy man
seven six five four three two one Happy
New Year 2012 kisses I was excited about
the dirtier I caught you guys kissing
Carly are you sad
my husband is kissing my sister and my
daughter your moustache is so second mom
Abby years along you guys happy years on
dad kiss your dog nasty it's got to be a
part of it
happy new year in a city Sun tarde i'ma
kiss my son on New Year's oh happy new
years everybody it's 2012
whoo the pheasant Happy New Year's on
long long and now I have pheasant
turkeys hey guys thanks for watching the
vlog today a very happy New Year to you
I hope you guys had a great 2011 2012
was gonna be awesome we're gonna be here
don't worry we're gonna make lots more
videos check out the special feeling
lucky button if you guys want to go on a
little journey with me I'm gonna start a
book club yeah that's right a super
duper nerdy book club the first book I'm
reading is as a man thinketh so if you
want to get it and come along with me
I'm gonna start making videos on there
in the next couple days on my shayloss
channel check out yesterday's vlog see
you guys tomorrow love you bye
