put the burdens up it's a Christmas
thanks Bronx you're such a good boy yeah
Casey go chase the girls with it
Bronx brought a dead bird in for the
girls
all right you know that's obnoxious oh
you're supposed to your vlog up tonight
no I'm in trouble this is the one taker
people rpoud at me hey or at Casey's
house what are you wearing that is
hilarious where'd you get that like that
I'm jealous I'm one of those quit
vlogging while I'm vlogging we're at
casing Haley's house hi how's Dylan bruh
and Broncs just brought a dead bird in
the house and all the kids started
freaking out
that was just a I was a you're just
showing him that you loved them I was a
gift huh we guys scared you guys all
right what does find you he's scary
where do you get that he got out of the
back of your truck he's just trying to
give him a present nice gift hey guys
all right so we reenact a yute all right
now heading home to California yeah what
is this I want I can't afford I can
afford some of those calories thank you
so much you guys want some baby tart
about some bread pudding yeah so we're
headed to the hotel tonight we're gonna
stay in Stolte lake and we're heading
home tomorrow so sorry that the vlog is
enough one takes Sunday I have a sweet
happy new year for one tomorrow it's
gonna be 20 minutes long for New Year's
tomorrow and mommy tart is rockin out
with her mohawk out that is this thing
oh it's just randomly there's a dinosaur
sitting on your head so how you roll dog
seriously I want a hat like that on the
jealous that gages this is a mohawk cat
Kaylee what are you gonna cut my hair
that's the question
Oh cut it when we get back to LA okay
what on the fifth where'd you guys were
fell in the fehb the sixth
okay guys Callie's gonna cut my hair on
her Channel hey Kayla go subscribe and
she's going to cut it as soon as we get
back to LA we just haven't had time with
the baptism and everything but yeah I'm
gonna cut my hair Casey got his hair cut
doesn't he look good Casey see your hair
you do look way younger man doesn't he
stylin you see young stylish son of a
gun off your head what he's doing he's
hiding something I know you got some new
bangs there did Santa bring you bangs
Santa brought you bangs for Christmas
hey we've told you that's against our
religion no bangs not bangs for
Christmas baby Terry what do you want a
crimper want a perm want a perm all
right are you guys see you tomorrow
they're the New Year's special we'll be
up and that we're setting aside like
tonight one take Sunday come on
