our baby died today and gel since it's
hard what did you say you don't want me
to do what yeah you don't want me what
are you going yes she is so silly she
goes mom I don't want to take it old
why'd you tell or you go okay you tell
when you grow up I don't want you why
not the neuticals is that bad to look
old
yes no do you think that old people are
ugly yes I wish our boy then they
wouldn't get old wait a second
aren't their grandpa's - why don't you
want to have a baby
well guess what it does hurt but I've
had four babies and it's totally worth
it that's why I never had any babies
that's why you never had I ain't having
anything larger than wait a second I
don't want to know where you were going
with that you I was just imagine what
seems like a song like a match imagine
it I don't like pooping this out that's
gross
alrighty thank you today at least it's
pretty Oh congratulations I believe all
this stinks though what this is merely
word bog and I'm just so sorry about
this we will just cut right Oh jumping
on you what are you you looking for help
what are you looking for rock hard get
her like a Prius beat you up like tugged
I know that's what you should do it run
over their nails sharp with nails are
sharp yeah you need to put some gloves
on before you play you're playing gloves
too sharp you're like a freaking energy
machine aren't you oh yeah we got a run
you better run Capri run he's got he's
got his rockbiter car doesn't that look
like the rock fighter thing that dude
had and the neverending story yeah don't
Drive Angry rock hard gainer No you
pissed him off there he goes around that
way the naked baby runs through the
basement without a care in the world
son tard when you put some shoes on
bro-heem be a barefoot runner got your
thing you're a barefoot runner oh yeah
it's tiny heinie good workout dude
hey it's a good workout man in a box the
bag beat it up man don't take no for an
answer yeah those Bluff son Oh No here
in for an Alibag you up you're lucky he
threw the gloves in hit it rock guard
sundered let's see you punch that thing
punch this uncharred without the gloves
be a man dude
two hands come on let's see it hit it
fight that baby keep your wrist straight
rocks are gonna fight it eat it get it
rock turn hit it hit it
there you go get it oh yeah we need to
get you some smaller gloves oh yeah
punch it punch it punch it nice dude you
don't wanna like it like this like that
you ready go get it get it hurry it's
gonna go there we go
budget well hey guys does this room
looks familiar flower Christmas
decoration thing this is the bathroom
I got ready every morning from when I
was in elementary school up into a high
school this is where I got ready but it
was bright pink when I was here actually
wouldn't throw different faces it had
like a blue people on the wallpaper and
then it went through a pink phase where
everything was pink now it's turquoise
and brown this is my bathroom guys I
grew up in this bathroom it's awesome
here comes the calm before the storm
the snow's about to come I think by
morning we're gonna have 17 go to warp
speed
that's what I'm hoping
look this deck is you know it's pretty
bare now don't we wake up it's gonna be
no there you go Shay that's my name
that's my name don't wear it out we
McGillicuddy oh hey guys how are you I
just wanted to say hello there are some
strange noises going on right now in our
house the wind is blowing so ferociously
outside it's scary I remember this is
how Idaho is it's a lot more mellow in
California the weather is I was just in
my house thinking and I came downstairs
and I saw this table this lightwood
table in the chairs if you remember this
table was in our old house the house
that we first started blogging in and I
was thinking about this table I think
I've talked about this table I said
table like 10 times but it's been in our
lives for the whole vlogging but this
table has been in our lives from the
beginning and now it's sitting down here
in the basement lonely sad and unused
sitting next to a punching bag that's
also unused I just feel like a weird a
weird feeling today I went out with
three of my friends from high school the
ones that I have been friends with from
all junior high all through high school
and I just love these girls they are
some of my greatest greatest friends and
I will always love them anyway we went
out and we were talking about you know
our past and high school and kids and
growing up and getting older and you
know just reminiscing and I just started
to think about how life changes so much
the only thing that's constant is change
it's so true like this table this table
really hasn't changed but it's location
has changed drastically
I don't know what that is I think I'm
going to get attacked by a monster but I
just wanted to say I love you guys and
my life has changed a ton from when you
have first entered into it I love you
guys I love my life
and I love the changes that have taken
place and some changes or it always that
great but in the long run I'm happy if
you guys are going through any changes
you should look at your kitchen table
and look at the things that stay
constant and just hold on to them yep
it's me I need I love you that's my
attempt at being deep in my mind I'm
just happy right now just thinking about
all the things in my life but now I'm a
little nervous because there's something
creaking over there I'm gonna go find
out what it is
my kitchen table I love you there have
been many many a pictures colored many a
meal eaten good pie
I bet you never knew you can learn so
much from an old kitchen table and a hot
Chiquita Bonita thanks for watching the
vlog today guys kind of short but
tomorrow's is gonna be long or
celebrating New Year's tonight yes check
out yesterday's vlog and there's a
secret super surprise for you if you're
feeling lucky clickety clackety you love
you guys tomorrow
