rims on my baby band 3
I'm on the salary
i watch my kids grow
we may I do it for
washrooms I'm a minivan three
what you don't want to talk about what
you're about to talk about on the camera
we're doing our taxes right now you want
cracker oh you little one des factor so
you'll watch this tractor rock face huh
here open it yourself get lazy baby Ryan
open it you open it I don't know how I
don't know the combination use your
teeth can you use your teeth and bite it
no meat huh you want a cracker
want a cracker I'll get you one all
right ready I mean it you're so adorable
we're going to there's a cracker you
like a dick crackers hi baby
he's on a carb diet only carbs good hey
that's for you eat it nom nom nom nom
nom Oh delicious look at that little dog
down there rock card you don't let him
get away with that
you should go beat him up come here you
little rat there's a rat on the table
there's a rat on the table there's a rat
get him rock tart don't lend me your
cracker till then your cracker rock tart
oh stole the cracker it's like stealing
crackers from a baby you little rat
oh no no no no we're gonna have cracker
vomit yeah puppy cracker vomit all over
the table rocks are what do you thinking
dude just Sharon I'm just sharing with
my little man here he's my bud you know
we had our differences at first but you
know since then we've really come to an
understanding I give him food he's my
card dog oh okay you see this check out
the new case I got for Christmas no pun
intended you guys see love beer that's
awesome well I just received one of the
nicest cards I've ever seen in my entire
life Hallmark eat your card love and
heart out cuz you had nothing on Pete
hard tizzle when did you make me that's
card when a long long time ago when you
were on a trip and you were
coming back and we made you a card cuz
you missed me you're like I should make
my dear old dad a nice crate greeting
card I love you Joe I love you Dodd was
my name Dodd at one point I remember
when my name is dog
oh there's beard tard oh this is Q is
this is this me and you right here oh
look at us run around in the Sun what's
is that a cloud or that the moon or is
there two sons
what is that you're glad and that's cool
oh cool look at that that is very nice
thank you print start where's your card
do you not love me oh did you make me
one do you love me so though do you how
much do you love me ah baby tard how
much I need to know quantify your love
sixty one sixty one that's pretty good
that's up four points from last week 1
million million million million million
million you're sixty one's like a pretty
lame compared to the million trillion
kind of stuff I love you infinity dad
because I would sleep eat dog eat are
driving on the interstate down to say
mama dogs mom and dad mom mcgirt's mom
and dad do you like driving my truck
mommy carts driving my truck so that I
can edit the vlog because gotta get a
vlog of every day no it's interesting to
think about us that mommy turned lived
her pretty much well I guess we didn't
move to Idaho until I was 9 but from
when we were 9 until we met me and mommy
Jerry grew up just 30 miles away from
each other and never met until I was 21
she was 22 no like how many times in her
life with like close to each other we
didn't know yeah like we were both you
know if we'd ever you know like we're at
a football game or that would be
interesting to note like look back and
think where was the closest we came to
meeting before we ever actually met our
entire lives that's interesting Dondo to
think about so yeah me a moment I grew
up 30 miles from each other but we never
even met each other until we were adults
I was 22 and how old are you I was 21
then you were 19
yeah now it's Robin yeah dated - yeah
now what are you like 39 how they really
are you 29 all right can I don't keep
track any there I just still imagine
your night I don't get back and you look
you almost look younger now than you do
in here 19 10 years ago
mommy tired was 19 and she still looks
like she could be 19
I'm 31 I'm 31 I have no Brittany my
Ambar hey you guys we're at mommy turds
grandma's house visiting her right now
and me and Rach only scare the other
kids are the backyard play hi that was
the loudest scream I've ever heard in my
entire life dude let me see that shirt
it's like loading holy crap man that is
totally glowing and it's oh that is so
nice of you huh your name is Debbie tard
we're gonna give one of these calendars
to mommies grandma will not be nice of
us yeah oh what a good Big Brother don't
hold that Thunder were you guys playing
duck duck goose
nice job Roger we got it we got him good
huh
dr. B a velociraptor baby dart Blas
around not suck your thumb
in fact Raptors are going to eat their
own thumbs off as a formula water true
fact
looking at my Jurassic Park 17 ah why
does it look red in here doing to fix
something Oh your white balance is
probably way off bro dude you need to
here see if this will help nope see if
this helps blend up whiteness Cape clear
to this for a sec but it probably wasn't
yellow can now pull out again
ah you're still red all right sir that
way Rob cards at least the cutie
patootie face he wants the camera hey
well let a little bit just right Qasim
say bunch of profanity rocked are no
scary today's vlog retro hopping yours
on what I can't see her rocked our do
putting at your face we can't give it to
my save up money talk gun baby the depth
of the room I'm exciting weekend time
thank you for that assist
oh now he's not cute anymore he loves
you guys he loves you guys so much he
never wants to put you down and then we
got pulled over
they took it up
these are like a superfood
furniture
where do you keep it in here right here
yeah that's right it might be in here Oh
driver's license I mean my license and
registration
howdy here's Elvis weights in Fast Eddie
at 63 a DC mile an hour zone kids are
tired they want to get to bed you have a
mighty registration oh you didn't find
it it's in here somewhere
yeah you find the insurance I pull the
registration of them okay it's gonna go
in here all right what's this
no that's not it boys how much your life
you spend waiting for people looking for
their crap oh phases see Yeah right
right there on top not getting stopped
the boss thank you yeah I don't think
it's gotta be in there somewhere
is it up in this one it's registered to
you yes Shea Butler yeah that's me all
right I'll be okay we'll keep looking
for it yeah yeah I was going too fast I
got in trouble
I'm not supposed to go this fast you
haven't every filming we got we haven't
set like this um you have landed ice
we're in you guys it doesn't have it
anymore
Oh pratico to jail nope no that's the
worst part about getting pulled over
Zanna cutter how do I not have us either
one he's seriously gonna probably cut
Centaurs leg off this one but look at
what else I found
what's that a random parking key to go
and that dude like oh yeah hero through
illegal parking on public grounds oh but
you didn't pay it all this did you guys
hear that what was that was get arrest
man look on your intern now we can't
find it you can't see you don't see it
yo hold down and get it in here and I'll
give you a warning on your space and get
these kids all right it's his fault
Oh better go with me yeah you want to go
to him I told them you might cut our
toes off all right we slow down thank
you so much what a nice man
very nice officer and see you know what
I think it was cuz you're very honest
yeah yeah my ass going to that I found
that the more honest you are with coffee
just honest it's just like imagine you
know if you pulled somebody over and
you've heard it a million times people
trying to it's like watch a couple
episodes of cops and you'll realize you
never want to lie to the cops because
every time you lie to the cops they
catch you and they're like oh they've
heard every stupid lie in the book so if
you can admit what you were doing wrong
as right as they walk up they're gonna
be way easier on joy guaranteed
I've been said a million times no
eyeballs you already acts I ran that
stop sign really bad right any I'm like
acts I totally ran that red light no
wonder you pulled me over and they're
like immediately nicer because they're
like okay this guy knows what he did
wrong so that's a little lesson to you
guys out there in the world of driving
just don't lie to cops they're gonna
figure it out about right yeah all right
you know I'm glad we're still like bad
boys bad boys what you gonna do what you
gonna do when they come fool you were
not fanboys I'm not a bad boy yes you
are my target
tell them check out yesterday's vlog
guys thanks for watching as always and
if you feelin lucky you click on the
lucky face and I'm gonna have a super
super to surprise for you well actually
it's gonna be a mommy tard video it is
sweet so watch it
