I may be done this is today
I'm trying to figure out whose dude
I'm horribly
I win you did you think it was sunburn
that fun I got all the kids roped in and
princes head was the last one that
didn't know about it I'm gonna get you
back mom I'm gonna get you back and I'm
you solids I noticed that do you think
you can just boss me around
Wow am I your horse yeah no yes no no
seriously that's all I am to you guys
it's a horse you should do my hair while
you're up there you're gonna do my hair
to do my hair are you watching TV while
you're sitting on my shoulders yeah yeah
yeah
Tipler here dead my mom's here sound of
cocoa but everything so I love that and
I love you guys I'm soaked
hey you guys I'm just here shopping I'm
here to pick up some things for son
cards very special event tonight and
guess what I just got that's right I'm
right here parked in my vehicle and
that's the store that's bad in the lot
yeah I love it when that happens and I
was like I was going around I was like
that's a pretty good one but I know I
could find better and I did I got the
best spot in the lot it just happened to
fall right in my lap so guys I'm at the
Costco in Idaho
it is so quiet here it listen there's
one person there's like nobody here it's
crazy this is like a it's not like a lot
thousand times this is a huge difference
from the Costco in California where you
can't even find a parking place and once
you get in it's like bumper cars the
whole time these are the kind of things
that I do miss about Idaho but it's
really cold and it's really dead outside
I don't miss that I got a nice big truck
to drive in the snow so I'm not too
worried about driving here and we've got
diapers any great and all these fun
items ha hikers ran in flew around the
store ran back out and I came out with a
huge box of diapers I only needed a few
and I'm like I don't wanna have to pack
all these diapers back you know what
when you need to add words new diapers
and I'm gonna need them for the next
couple well a couple I'm gonna need them
for the next year anyway so got a lot of
diapers doing okay no big deal right
all right because I'm some kinda bullet
hold on
it's landing bad great lining in okay so
I got this on tire I'm gonna try to
catch this am I not go right between the
eyes
yeah yet I always have a suction cup
okay oh no here I gotta catch what he's
right now Oh
Thank You Captain America for this
wonderful game go back there screw back
dude screw that further I try to shoot
it all the way through there and just
hit your mother sure hi there no excuses
look try to tell LT okay go get it up
higher fill it up
that lonely thing again Hey he is mad
that I didn't cut my hair you know I
didn't cut my hair cuz I'm a big liar my
favorite thing to do I'll tell you
something yeah do it I was just about to
run down to great cliffs yesterday to
get it cut for Sun tardes baptism but I
figured that you guys wanted to see it
you'd be matter if I just cut it and
didn't film it so we're gonna we're
gonna film it on Kaylee's channel she's
gonna cut it for me oh man he got one of
these
here we go honey Rock baby in the way
your other one hey Capri shake Rock
chart learn how to say my name say shake
well it's already here I want you to try
yeah right yeah you're gonna catch these
I'm good at throwing things at your face
you ready there we go let me throw it
nope come on babe
here we go we have a point of view shot
ready you ready you ready ready ready
ready no we're out ok i'm its subway hey
guys what's going on you like my suit so
we just had sun tards baptism yeah we
didn't film it because we asked centaur
we said what do you want to do this is
this is his dance is totally up to him
you know basically this was his decision
to be baptized and we asked him we said
do you want to film this do you want to
put this in the vlogs or would you like
just to keep this with I'm sure you guys
are gonna ask bunch of questions we
believed in our church that you should
be baptized when you're ready when
you're accountable we believe that when
you're 8 years old you kind of have that
accountability where you know what's
right and wrong where before when you're
a kid you're pretty much innocent you do
wrong things you're still learning you
don't really understand so that's why we
don't map ties believe that should be a
choice that you make yourself you know
as a person so you know when centaur
turns 7 when we talked about getting
baptized and he was ready he said he
wanted to do it and so he was baptized
today and I baptized him and it was a
really awesome experience and it was a
really good bonding thing for me in him
to be able to share that and to you know
talk about what it means and and all
that and I know you guys don't like to
get into that a lot because any who's
old it was great it was great it was fun
all of our family was there
mommy tardes Hearst well there's quite
like 40 or 50 people there total it was
crazy
and like a hundred of more kids that's
more than I said in the original amount
anyway so it's fun and we enjoyed it I
decided let you guys know what that was
all about show the picture
oh there's our boy don't touch my cheek
mama by the way I'm calling child
services for you throwing things at our
children hey I have a bad aim so it was
okay all right see you guys tomorrow
thanks for watching the videos we love
you so much
