now watch and the Shaytards bug sit back
relax bottle belong to the thing Shay
says in the things she does with this
cool filly and just because it's kids
are PDF they p3 for two kids
excited for three ready for the video so
let it be clear hey he's blogging here
yeah okay let's go to the mall to take
all our presents back that we don't like
my pants huh oh yeah I'm go grab there's
a JCPenney bag upstairs to grab it okay
we're gonna go take some stuff back to
the mall because the pants are too big
for me she got me 30 floors in there Bob
is all yell bomb I get got a little bump
all right you ready to go what are you
playing with sunt are just playing with
us harmonica there he had a little lamb
and you're bringing your own baby tard
baby's heart doll your dad grandma
grandpa
then it's taught you how to play that
huh nice dude all right you ready let's
go to the mall have some breadsticks you
guys I want to of course what what else
would we have duh we are here shopping
again and she's being crazy again your
legs look so lanky now
why do you look so lanky is lanky even a
word I don't know but that's what I
think of when I see Shay do that
linkie linkie late doing the leg ease
thank you like rock tower where you
going you guys your dinner guest is
running away son tired you better get
him get him man he's fast
oh he eats it at the end we have a
retrieved baby good job Center up looks
like some assistance is being provided
do you know where California is on there
come on where are we at right now right
where are we at right now City no or not
well you got to think Salt Lake City is
south and we live a little bit north of
that so we're like right here somewhere
and then in California look what does
that say do we live in Los Angeles this
world this is the pink world that comes
when you travel east of Iceland just a
world of pink and roses it's this is
that's cold there you don't want to go
there
no I used to live right here I used to
live right here in Guyana
this is Georgetown I just live in
Georgetown Guyana and Berbice Guyana and
I also used to live right here in
Barbados see that tiny tiny island
there's no that this island is only 14
miles wide so basically if you're at the
top in the middle of the island you can
see the ocean all around you it's cool
because it's a tiny tiny little piece of
land I used to live there like seven
months then I also live here in Trinidad
this tiny little island oh who cares
about that we got pizza
well you know that's never mind go ahead
and put it heats it down yeah we want to
live at pepperoni palace oh I used to
live right here
see I was 280 pounds and I lived right
here I remember I never lived there sure
I think I did rocked our younger II
wasn't pizza what's a pizza boy I think
so on I'm driving my yellow convertible
first though right son tired it's trying
on his suit coat because he has a big
baptism coming up you like that is it
too big for you how about on your arms
put your arms up in the air
just throw your arms up in the air okay
now wave them around like you just don't
care just back and forth right now like
care a little less though it looks like
you kind of care just like not care yeah
don't know wave them around a little bit
more like up in the air wave him around
like you just don't care
okay don't care as much no care a lot I
wanna see you care a lot that's a lot of
caring he knows how to wave his arms
down in the air like you don't care he
does care though that's the thing as he
really cares he cares a lot in fact okay
he cares so much oh hey little girls I
will not go in there hey ya girls try it
on
alright you think that good you like
that one
that's your suit coat bro getting
baptized I'm proud of you he doesn't
have monkey arms just put your arms they
went the whole time you're getting
baptized just have your arms up in the
air yeah just like that that's good see
it fits now it's good what is doing up
in double trouble no doubt I bet
then rock guard is not very happy about
it hey what are you doing yupi ode
that's Christmas dude
oh you hey Dana check it out in Idaho at
a JC Penney's there's an annoyed sure
I'm not cool I've been on two episodes
of that that's exciting
Apple oh they really got a ton of these
dude got a marshmallow dude that is
awesome right next to beavis and
butt-head in South Park oh I'm not on
the I'm the cabbage I'm not in this
these ones no I'm not the Apple I'm the
cabbage I was the cabbage and the red
potato Angry Birds do that as pretty
cool youtubes awesome love you Dan
Congrats on being super successful all
right we're getting Sun tarts and church
shoes because he left his in California
dude let me see that shirt I think
that's an inappropriate shirt you shower
naked Gumby
huh huh anything that's a little
appropriate for a two-year-old huh all
right let's see what this is what you
got you say you have a five let's see
throw it on there dawg throw that foot
of the years on there okay set it down
you're a wait you switch other way sorry
my pet hey try it now yeah you're about
a five and a half looks good let me see
you like those
those are pretty stylish and we see you
walk dude let me see you walk with some
style okay go back turn around like
pretend like you're on the catwalk walk
like you're a model okay walk this way
what was with the neck rub dude not a
sexy model just like a shoe model it was
look good you like those all right let's
get them all right who do we have here
what's your name let's see let move your
hair talisha when you got there dude and
those were the original I made those
like myself like years ago that's cool
that you guys have those you got one too
dude I'll buy that off if like hundred
bucks she works with my mom
well thanks for getting our shirts you
guys I appreciate it what's your name
Zach where's your shirt take your coat
off right guys don't worry he's in words
tonight he only wears it private yeah
special occasions oh boy hey where's
this train going
i bunk in and what you did your fly on
the wall oh there's a tow truck my bad
he's gonna tow us out of here look at
that hey hey sir this is a no parking
zone I'm have to tell you out of here oh
sorry bro you guys gotta go sorry Wow
the time of their lives
they're having it right now yep fun I
don't think he likes it so why is it
moving like that are you scared dude
they're they saved you whoa Oh baby
turns in and get in shotgun call Shotgun
rawr do you want to write it do be
scared get in there dude he's scared
yeah we're getting washed today oh you
even the wash with us with you're
getting a waterless care
what is that what are you guys feeling
over there you got a song which purple
yeah those are cool colors it's
Christmas lights in the drive-through
body gloss oh good I need my body gloss
I can't even tell you in the last time I
had a body gloss laws I've been actually
late for this part
rock tired you've never experienced it
hi Ravi tard
so it's clean yeah it's a clean lemony
out there I like it
lemony smell delicious hey you guys we
just got done at the gym Shay's running
I was spinning and lifting a little bit
we try to do some hip-hop but both of us
were kind of like but Shay actually did
really well next time there's hip-hop
I'm gonna have him go and I'll have to
fill in for you because he actually did
a really good job at hip hopping hi I'm
being told to film I'm not really quite
sure what's going to be happening
I think the treadmill is on they have
the scooter I'm putting two and two
together and I'm thinking it's not a
good idea okay my future no I don't
ready you gotta push with your foot you
gotta try everything look at your son
he's just watching you would think that
you would need to keep pushing on it it
works let's do that
that's a great idea
okay no no no no no no no no J come be
the good example now all that kinda crap
a sleepy face
was that very impressive on your dad did
point gifts so whose mood right now I'm
gonna try something pretty crazy as you
guess I just ask mom Carson I wonder if
I could do a handstand I don't really
think it's a great idea and I don't walk
on it oh yeah probably you usually can
do anything you put your mind to is it
like on what is on the lowest setting
where's the speed whatever here you I am
a little nervous that we're gonna have
to go to the doctors why my job
everyone's curious ready come to watch
the show
muscle strong your turn what let's see
it right there you go bear crawl nice on
coast with shaycarl that's me you guys I
love that part too and he's running
through the sandstorm he's like oh yeah
I got these sweet goggles I could wear
yep yep
Tom Cruise impersonator right here
please always like this
Merry Christmas my face longer I'm sorry
this is my father-in-law
I just wanted to dispense some whipped
cream and it looked like it didn't come
out I'm just trying to Reese texture
your walls a new paint job yeah you did
it you watched another Shaytards vlog
that's one bonus point for you in heaven
check out yesterday's vlog guys the kids
do my dirty work for me if you haven't
seen the Christmas episode yet it's
waiting for you over an hour of
fun-filled you will tide footage also if
you guys haven't checked out the music
video for our 4G rap I did with Casey
engage and Sun tarde
it was awesome mami tardes in it my
sister Carly my sister-in-law Kaylee
it's like all of my family in one music
video please check it out click on the
feelin lucky button and guess what love
you bye
