I've each at a blow of video cut cuz my
dad is busy he's on the date theme hey
guys I know what you thinking yeah uh
yeah today my dad superval video it's
just because he's tired yesterday he put
up an hour long video he's just tired I
mean but we're gonna be back on schedule
tomorrow yeah we'll get a video up
tomorrow and plus my mum and dad on the
date can you believe that date yeah yeah
yeah but we promise we'll be out back on
schedule tomorrow
Oh though my dad did you know the
Christmas special that was the hour-long
video and my dad worked so hard to put
that up he's just so tired but we'll be
back on schedule mom hey guys but hi
guys my dad is really tired that today
he's not to be uploading any videos
sorry but tomorrow
Hey tomorrow we will but well impress my
dad I don't earn today so today we're
not gonna make a video but tomorrow
boobies okay you're going to tomorrow so
that's we're going to tomorrow just say
no okay
Antigonus have fun tomorrow and we're
gonna make our videos really cute okay
you better sit tomorrow the next day
right well today will tomorrow be filled
but not today really sorry but but and
plus my dad mom and dad are on a date so
I'm sorry that we that's right yeah
that's right I have my kids to do my
dirty work for me so what you know but
child labor is my favorite kind of labor
so see you tomorrow
