did you get it I told them that they had
to bring it in it was in the garage
Jackson tah-dah okay
they're closed okay it's the first day
of summer it is look who had to sleep in
today how long did you sleep in till 10
a.m.
feels good a welcome to summertime
welcome to summer that was like the
scene of a movie where the crazy guy
like they were dragging him off to the
insane asylum he's like I'm spider-man
you will never take that away from me
was that the evil sinister laugh was the
sinister laugh if I've ever seen one
what okay we're eating lunch or cleaning
the house it's clean the house okay it's
cleaning day it's cleaning day let's see
if anything's clean yet and nope not
there
we're not looking in that one yet you
don't have to close your eyes Jackson
you oh I'm gonna close your eyes all
right the boys clean their room because
it's clean the room day look at all this
trash who stretches this alright
everybody
like so good is that a key up - Rose -
happy day the monkey has a sleep
thingamajigger what a comfortable life
he lives hey hey do you think we can
keep it this clean Daxton yeah promise
pinky swear yeah let me see that pinky
huh
pinky swear I'm gonna keep it this clean
dad look at me Jackson look at me so I'm
gonna keep it this clean dad I promise
Rock you promise - it's clean okay you
promise okay clothes clean Avia help the
boys Wow you guys didn't just shove
stuff anywhere - look at that
organization young lady thank you a well
watch you shove that's the toy box
that's cool Avia thank you for helping
Ava's room was all cleaned wait let's
see again let me see inside there so she
helped dude look at that
it's like Toy Story in there yep
dude are you in the Opera are you
Pavarotti are you in the Three Tenors
all right good job well mom and dad are
still working on their room hey
get back in your room get back in there
right now young lady is not clean all
right how's it coming huh that's a cool
pillow that's all of us all right
Emily's trying to get her stuff put
together it's looking pretty good
you want your big sister to come in here
and help you five bucks I bet she'd come
help you for five bucks you could use it
let's go see if we can you know get her
excited about five bucks oh yeah Avia oh
hi hey there
Hey we have a proposition for you young
lady wait what you want to make some
more money your little sister Emmy Lou
Thesz my goofus needs help she's offered
$5 if you help o match that five with a
five of my own okay you do always said
so that's a total of 12 for me Hemi said
she'd give her five bucks
Avia did a great job on the boys room
are you gonna give her five bucks well
I'm trying to open this so you're trying
to do you're trying to get money out
wait what your is this what you've been
saving for what is that savings account
for currently gosh are we set a fiver
okay
you're gonna pay a BFI bucks to help you
okay
go to work do you agree to these terms
and conditions sign like this I will
match it okay ten bucks to help your
sister can't get going let me know when
it's done
Collette hey Collette I'll pay five
bucks to Cleo to clean out your room
huh let's say we can we can not make out
at all today and tell me what that would
motivate us I'll pay you $5,000 Minoru
ha
no well I'm doing it I take pride in a
clean room oh snap somebody just got
tasked with entire house trashcan duty
somebody else is on the third level of
her closet cleaning the West Wing look I
brought these are just a pile of shoes
that I brought that we're in my suitcase
I love you
all right we're cleaning babe Gavin's
room a VIU's room rock and axons room
and these rooms not yet yeah okay and
Gavin's cleaning or taking out all the
trash in the entire house yeah it's
spotless
he can't wait to see it all right
meanwhile Rocco and tell them what
you're up to
so um we're gonna put the trampoline
right there next to the stairs in here
we're gonna jump off the stairs gonna
onto the baby okay sorry Shawn
I hate old all right let's just show him
we're gonna do come on guys what she
will show you right now
potential future songs Saturday playing
in the background from did you get it I
told them that they had to bring it in
it was in the garage section tada
okay
they're closed yeah that's a chapel he's
like you okay so here's a trampoline
we're gonna put it together Lamas I say
tada tada
Lala good guys okay so um yeah we can
you take all these off Brock this is a
job for you take all these yellow straps
and cardboard off you have to take all
the parts out of the packaging and then
we'll put it together okay
go grab them don't run be careful with
them all right walk carefully with the
scissors what
that was cool cut all those and then
dude I want you to throw them all in the
trash and maybe you can have Gavin help
you stuff them in a garbage bag because
we're going to take all of the garbage
out today kay we got to clean the whole
house okay so the mission is to get the
entire house clean and then tonight once
everything's clean and we get this
trampoline put together I think we're
gonna have a good time of all of us
jumping from the stairs onto the
trampoline onto the beanbag are you
pumped were you doing at the background
your buddy
all right so uh Brock is tasked with
putting the trampoline together and I
gotta go help Colette clean the room I
gotta go all right Dex
check it out
dude I bet you this is just going to be
pure fun brought these dude all right
let's put this together really easy you
guys just pop these it let's do some
simple okay see nice okay both rock I
want you to grab all this wrapping stuff
before we jump all this and throw it
away
look see the box all this wrapping stuff
grab it all throw it away please
being Gavin with these legs put all
Caxton you stand there look cute is this
still on hello alright we put it
together let's see did jump is it fun
do you like it whoa dude your shock
absorbers got out of control there what
you need a haircut dude we need to cut
thigh hooray sup alright Brock where did
you wait there's still some more stuff
you put that together it's alright I
know I know you want to get on that
thing so bad but I'm teaching you
responsibilities or something I don't
know oh whoa I was a threesome collision
what DAGs is that your fault
you called my bad my bad yeah they'll
grab the bean bag alright Brock has big
plans yep yep yep yep
all right Gavin hey honky muscle
studmuffin go grab that bean bag
rocks Rock they'll help him drag the
Tramp over here and then go help your
brother get the bean bag okay let's go
spider-man
love sack
these are not just your regular bean
bags people these things have quite the
circumference all right Bush I know
they're huge that's why they're so fun
to jump on and lay on and cuddle on them
Porsche oh my gosh oh whoa are you going
for it
Gavin Butler do those Sweetman first one
nailed it hey watch out not recommended
by a love site probably this is our own
invention dude nice don't kick your
brother in the head jeepers that was way
sweet Daxton dude ruin the landing pad
get out of there big brothers gonna wall
up you well you're in the landing zone
you can't be in the landing zone it to
file a complaint in writing
nice Superman
some style there dude we're supposed to
clean the house first
stop complaining yeah this is a no
complaining zone that's far that's kind
of far for him good job buddy hey nice
as a tool barrel roll hey do the beard
proud super beard nice all right let's
see it super beard yes dad
perfect come on just jump Ranger
whoo it's really bouncy whoo nobody can
do it
Oh jump heart good you do it boy oh let
me try Gavin can do it just go for it
rock had a kid nice dude even if you're
short it won't matter the kid did it
Superman
nice dude yeah we'll pull it back oh I
was about to go clean and then the
ladies got here just got to get the
feeling for it nice nice
I mean you can do that good I like the
after flip all right if yeah nice hey I
have a challenge for you jump in the air
twist land do a backflip what so like
jump off of their land backwards then do
a backflip onto the beam back yeah yeah
you could do one jump like twist in the
air land backwards just try to do that
Gavin and then just like fall backwards
like imagine it's a fight scene and your
watch here I'll show you what okay let's
see
so imagine imagine under the gun shotgun
I'm shooting this way that seems scary
to Joe and then you look back jumping
and backwards
they like it slow backwards you have to
jump and twist a mirror and land facing
backwards job it's a trampoline you know
Joe Glen backwards scary no land
backwards on the trampoline okay just
did dad jump oh man scary oh my gosh are
you trying on old pants for probably a
year and a half I've never won them look
at the pocket hey what's up MC Hammer
I like him turn around you put like
water it's like water holders like cup
holders but bottles in there love them
dude Avia man girl get stuff done let's
see everything well I know you helped
him Sarge is saying she cleaned her room
Brock's room and your room so are you
paying her that five bucks save it all
of my children in my pockets you should
put you should actually hold Daxton and
put his legs in there Oh turn him around
Jackson come here I have an idea but
sure vision stand up Edda mom's pocket
easier to carry around a doctor TV
alright man the room looks great good
job very impressed the carpet feels nice
like it like it like it
good job if I alright let's keep these
rooms this clean okay Emmie thank you
I'm working on it yes I'm in trouble
we're still working on it I was a triple
in
and then a pants trying on party that
distracted us
um Amy uh how much you charge to clean a
room these days
hey we need help five bucks deal will
you help me in mob she's tired I'm tired
yeah that's me help huh
all right I've got the coolest cats in
town hey Pete I just brought some new
hair gel Kate stand still for just a
second so we can look at it and he just
did Jackson's hair and his own I love it
okay let's see your hair come here
whoa Julie your hair yeah let's see it
you are so cool dude it looks that is
the perfect lens one max well you're
both so different that I just can't
decide his hair is long and blonde and
yours is short and brown I think they
both look fabulous I'm not going to pick
you both look great
what happens on the outer they start
competing on everything yeah and they
make mom pick and I'm not gonna do we're
both sad but who are you
Wow
come here Eddie sure you got something
all right okay I've just been told I
need to really feel off something that's
you know I can't walk down the stairs
and close my eyes okay now far are you
coming
oh you guys closed your eyes close them
watching close your eyes okay ready
dun dun dun
a traveling yeah that looks like a
family fun adventure okay hold on let me
get in a better angle okay maybe we
should push it closer yeah yeah yeah you
can just go ahead oh my gosh did you
guys get that ha ha ha okay let's pull
this closer hold on this is heavy yeah a
good jumpers like it you can climb
closer alright ready for here's ready
whoa that was good Brock did you
definitely I'm not gonna try to do that
with you do it again
Wow that's cool
here my finger I'll do it say finger
okay let's go and then we'll show them
some more tricks what did you pay show
you one more kick okay one more trick
nice okay then I'm gonna jump I'm good
I'll be right here jump onto me nice
anyway he has one more it's hilarious we
have to show it hi mama
okay ready
that was my favorite I think especially
cuz you're still saying Superman when
you hit the pillow and then it cuts you
out that's funny
well I have been invited to a tea party
again so what's this um this book I'm
sorry I've already come to the show I'm
going to a tea party now alright there's
a part of party a tea party I think it
started 10 minutes ago I'm late Oh
always I'm here for the Tea Party hi
oh sorry dude you're not dressed up
enough you gotta go dress up go dress up
goodbye Oh fine all right
um can I bring these friends to tea
partyer they invited yeah there they are
yes good how's your enjoyment a seat at
the table I know you guys can't sit at
the table though sorry yet sit on the
floor like a puppy my friend we were
just discussing the great
accomplishments these ladies have
accomplished sri cently and now you're
talking about his act that he's working
on he's gonna sell it to Vegas for
somebody crazy right mm-hmm
and the fashion show that she did in
Paris all her items were spectacular and
the bakery that you started is amazing
what's it called again
I don't know Oh still working on the
name and he is bakery nothing
superficial I also made a lien any Lita
sin you are you did you made a perfume
contest it's really interested yours
definitely looked prettier smells smells
the best to do this dump him out already
because I haven't shown these guys they
would like to see yeah we don't know man
Emmys was like green sparklies and snot
very fantastic Brock's was a more mild
smell and have chunks of lotion in it
but it was fabulous it was it was I'm
telling them how fabulous it was these
brownies are fabulous yum yum yum yum
okay I've been told there are some wild
animals in our house presenting the
Panthers and tigers and cats
what are you there just spitting in your
face Emmy you're the cutest bear ever
I'm in my room so we didn't get the
entire house cleaned uh let's say 60% of
it but we did get some trampoline
beanbag time in a great tea party
brownie Tea Party and then I'm not sure
how the the face jagwire painting
session came into play but I ended up
scrubbing it off of Brock's face this
morning uh because he slept in it so
then it was all over his pillows do I
sound better I'm not better I don't care
you can paint your face it's summertime
do whatever you want I love it have a
great time freakin paint your face I
don't care what do I care it's your face
what are we at where we at is the end
slate is anybody listening okay thanks
for watching listen and clicking thumbs
up leaving nice comments we read them
you would be surprised I do I appreciate
it you guys like giving back a little
bit you know click and the little thumbs
up button what if this video got 40,000
thumbs up I would know you cared about
me that's all I'm trying to say if this
video gets 40,000 thumbs up on tho
40,000 people listen to me talking in
this Enslin I know then I will know it
was all not for naught you know I'm
saying Joe is your name Joe only thumbs
up if your name's Joe crap have you
already thumbs up and your name is not
Joe Oh got you suckers okay I gotta go
we'll see you tomorrow it's summertime
with the Shaytards
