baby doctor c'mere nice by the trot
dance
he loves this song every time I turn it
on he starts dancin Brad rock in the
beat I'm rollin 35 and a forty saving
that gas class video for the world
premiere world world premiere rockstar
you're so cute I guess
give me kiss alright give me kisses Oh
get this like that you ready
hey yourself why are you letting that
kid hold the camera then oh I have to
breathe do you love me grandma yeah umm
I get Capri you go to the pool tonight
5:30
why 5:30 because I know I don't eat
there earlier that's some sand I don't
three hours of swim time you guys go
check out that a 4G music video and
stuff I think what we should have done
is because a lot of you are like oh I
wanted to see the girls do their full
dance I think what we're gonna do is
when we get back they have the footage
maybe they can just edit it together
maybe happy to do it for you right now
that's it the problem is is they it's
only like for the chorus so the dance is
only like 30 seconds long it's not like
you could do the whole video of them
dancing a lot of you wanted to see more
than dancing but what I'm thinking what
we should have done cuz I'm not a smart
man Hey
get out there we sure we should have
made a video on the moms view of them
just doing their dance which will
probably do when we get back to LA just
so that you guys can see them just
dancing you running run run run run run
he's all these legs over here hold this
baby okay yes I was joking about this
hotel nail polish signature no I'm
committed to it that's nice on my back
I'm getting a massage at the same time
yeah I don't blame it it's comfy
comments hey we're just getting our
toenails tried here we can't really see
it but they have some sparkles in them
those Sparkle never hurt nobody
come on it's well Sparkle never heard
nobody Broyles come on swarm a pedicure
many paths listen I don't do manicures
that's for girls okay that's pedicures
that's what's up let me see yours I'll
get a manicure pretty food dressing here
girl that's why only girls get manicures
it's colored you get mom to see your
toesies you got the same as at windsor
stars together
Oh toes about toes
no why don't I get the blue
oh snap oh goodness me you guys I gotta
turn off this camera I gotta focus I'm
drying my nails jeepers should I be
carrying her not carrying that crap
make your maker make Carly carry it here
I'll carry this Carly you're buff wait
you should fall that'll be funny you did
yeah you kind of like the first snow of
the year you got to remember you got it
like oh yeah get it looks snow driving
get switching to snow driving mode
because Bob wants to vlog himself all
right here you go
hold it out like this way yeah okay hold
it like this I like that watch say hi my
name's Rob hi I'm here you're so
adorable
alright let's go watch Logan do some
snow poor tricks in the backyard hey you
guys what are you doing up there so it's
a big jump Caleb let's see it dude
Logan's gonna jib this rail right here
oh it's more of a tube a mini hydro tube
here he comes Logan McKay down the
backyard slopes
oh oh sorry Braille imma try okay you
have big cojones
come on flat on a 50/50 like that and
then spin while you're on it
don't lean back on your edge lean
forward you're gonna break your tailbone
if anything before he was recording me I
did really good
it was really good what I was doing
you're probably gonna hear yourself the
biggest thing is don't worry about
falling forward cuz if anything you're
gonna slip backwards don't wreck it
remember when I said don't don't wreck
the jump on to it yeah you did attempt
to Logan McKay nice bro did you hear
what I said that you're getting so I'm
editing the vlog right when maybe turn
walks up and says what did you get me
for my present right here whoever's
asked yesterday do you hear
that's your instructions you can't watch
it watch it
I don't think downstairs editing the
vlog to upload for today and I'm just
don't have any headphones on and it's
like playing out loud and baby cards
over there plain and I'm not even
thinking and she comes around me like I
want to see my present I'm like oh go
away you can't see it
I told Christmas yeah get out all get
out of here get out of here no you want
to see it you can you're gonna ruin your
Christmas present bro all right I love
you Arizona at Boise State I can't wait
don't mind me I just got my bird cage
here where you drag it up bird cage bro
you got an important meeting in the
office with your bird cage huh dude what
are you doing
you get in there Go Go Carly I want to
see your cheer now you for watching the
Sun Devils in the Broncos play for the
maze of the Mako Bowl hey that's bull
crap the number seven team in the nation
playing an unranked team I hate you BCS
alright so just plan and dude birdcage
stuff you know us
he's bird caging it up Rock turn I think
rock card wants to put Capri in that
cage you know rock garden we have a
little battle they have a little battle
you're adorable
I want to get in on this action
Capri's got strong tea don't kick the
presents hey that one's mine
what are these are these shoes there
Shay Carl azuz thanks mom
what up dog
let's see inside our goat so you missed
it it's kind of dark I can't see you
guys it's cold dude what are you doing
you ready shoes on
logan mccain with this
Capri give it up dude I'll never give it
up all right it's time to sit by the
fire cuz it's cold outside Capri is
frightful but the fire is so delightful
okay so we got no plans to go capris
licious he is getting warm
he's cold outside huh
hey phrasing you trying to get a picture
by the fire but she is ferocious all
right you guys me and Logan decided
we wanted to come play some racquetball
so it's like 10:30 at night right now
and turns out Gold's Gym is open 24
hours so we're a little each ball but
you can't wear that headband forever but
it's all right I wonder if this'll look
good I set it right here okay you guys
stay right there
okay so we me and Logan decided that
weirdo mark hamill owner to jump in the
pool jumped in the pool solo he doesn't
have any clothes he's in there what if
he don't even wear your sweater is panel
oh he is for sure I said you were my
semantics what is that no I don't wear
my sweatshirt his pants like yeah less
so much better so we're waiting outside
of the Gold's Gym right now to see what
he comes out wearing because it's
freezing outside we got what we jumped
in with all like I jumped into my
underwear where he jumped in with his
shorts that is a new hoodie for okay
pull your pants alone aids of you and
mommy guy are you embarrassed you saw
your my brothers are you a cheapy bum
nakka nakka hindsight 2020 that's what I
always say oh yes the holidays where you
get together with your family and show
them your bud check out yesterday's vlog
guys and the music video for the four
G's world premiere is up thanks
everybody who helped out with it it
turned out really good I really liked it
check it out you guys click on it and I
hope you have a very merry Harry Harry
Christmas a very merry Harry Christmas
hmm interesting I hope you got your
present see you guys tomorrow
oh boy hey guys it's me retard and fart
in my daddy's chair
