dude why can't I get my hair like that
it's just a lot about hard work and
dedication
what's your secret if I just work hard
and dedicate you never quit you never
give up and you just keep pressing
forward with the determinated mind you
can get something more specced pretty
proud of it really hard easily all right
guys today is actually a pretty big
moment let's get serious for a second
how long ago was it January seriously
I'm sorry is so funny
what are you doing okay so January
hey oh he's not gonna think about people
here they're stayed up too late got up
too early Nazario about it go drink it
dawn-marie about it I need two hands
that good he's kidding right
I think I'm gonna have another one he
just got booked ourselves that was wrong
alright so we get on the scale today um
I have been so excited to be able to say
that I've lost a hundred pounds
I just spent um I think today is a day
and I haven't officially weaned myself
so I wanted to do it with you guys here
it's really exciting I can't believe it
I feel amazing
I um come in here let's share morning
hair that's the way I've ever seen you
run so fast mom
she's like a ghost mother all right here
we go
however long ago we started this I was
two 80.8 and so that means to find one
80.8 right now things I've lost 100
pounds 100 pounds here we go
I can't believe what I can say that they
even had that much weight to lose one
seven eight point or that is awesome
what is that yeah that's like one of 202
pounds amazing he can't lose any more
you only lose any more cuz then I'll
have to start doing two-a-days
there's no I don't actually know what
I'm not able to get read on the scale
again the scale I'm done with the scale
honestly I don't even care what I weigh
anymore the number on the scale has no
determination on my health or you know
how I'm doing so you know that was good
like for measuring goals but now that
I'm healthy and I'm eating good and I'm
exercising I don't care what that way it
doesn't matter what the number on the
scale is cuz everybody would be
different but I did it a hundred and two
pounds it's amazing thank you guys oh
that's cool it's like an alarm clock oh
and it shoots the time on the roof
that's awesome another half let the
American landing or the planets that's
cool he's gonna like that cuz he's been
asking for an alarm clock
hold on he's for you can have the moon
we're gonna have the earth mom what
about Mars I wanted petards got her
freaking snow suit on you ready I'm
talking to you sucker I said are you
ready are you ready you might think this
is a snow suit but it's not it's really
used throw your children
he was like I want a rope ready ready
one these are my push-ups better ten
ready for more six yeah does he love
that yes good workout baby rock guard
thanks for the weight system bro-heem
punky rock tart
he's not your pony we cannot ride the
doggie so how you want alright good
morning it's breakfast time what are we
having today toast and cereal and rock
card face money talents hey hey what are
you doing crazy man were you doing crazy
man someone's in a good mood this
morning how's that breakfast you just
blew yeah he was whining earlier the
yummy yeah having some toast and some
Apple Jacks nice hairstyle and bro you
spiked that up what's going on there
it's nice are we gonna go sledding today
what are you doing Shawn we're doing
eating toast
alright you've got to back to your eyes
like this you've got to pucker up your
lips like this smells mommy sitting in
the Blue Lagoon
boy you better do it soon no time will
be better and don't take we're not a
single word go on in this together like
he's dancing
there's moment
wow-wow sitting in the blue okay I guess
I'm done singing Little Mermaid now
Walmart do Soliday shopping don't don't
do any Alma day shopping money you guys
I forgot to tell you guys I'm so excited
but they actually have baby tard dolls
now in Walmart check it out there she is
her own baby turns out look just like
her there's the Rapunzel dog I was like
that's baby tard I'm getting her this oh
wait don't tell baby getting this first
they're gonna tell in the comments I bet
her not tell her yeah good thing she
can't read yeah
she better don't watch this baby toy if
you're watching this turn it off right
now dang it
hindsight is always 20/20 I should have
told her to not watch it 30 seconds ago
because not sure he knows what she's
gonna get no turning it off 30 seconds
oh baby tired but now it's like 48
seconds ago
see me miss it again we have to go back
in time it's the butterfly effect he's
like he's like dumb I don't care what
he's staring at it I know he's like are
you give to me I want it I want it so
bad pull you stomach he's missed your
buckle face he loves to buckle his
buckle you guys it's exciting so you're
getting that's we're gonna get oh you
found us in the water
oh my elbows oh how does it turn water I
don't get it but watch out watch out
dude you're in the way just run her over
just hit her with the car that's a great
oh it like floats oh I see that's cool
it floats on the water turn bow to start
the fun we could take it to the ocean
yeah you like to swim the ocean what
we're Incredible Hulk we never sign oh
he went to the ocean
I like your leather coat and your
spray-painted on pants by the way hey
this is a really warm surprising life
first by pays
we got a band with almost yeah start
them all and this is the reason why I
love Idaho that's right
patrol carabiner m4a3 $397 that is
awesome your grandma is stuck in the
snow should we go help her
can you help piss your car okay come on
dude let's go we have a mission grab a
hat grab some boots looks like you're
all bundling up all right grandma car
we're coming to save you
we're getting our coats on all right so
it is snowing like a banshee out today
winters finally here hey winters not
snowing yes probably snowed like three
or four inches today and it continues to
precipitate at a rapid pace
let's go save my mom come on son char we
gotta go get her she's stuck she might
freeze to death
grandma just called Logan - I know she
needs all of her son's help and her
grandson let's go dude it won't go any
farther did you get stuck all right
uh-huh
I need me you can't you can't floor it
dude there you go Oh Charles Leonard
push him push him dude go go go go go
nice mush mush
there we go we're going to get a home
don't buy a little try the helping I'm
you guys I this is great footage guys
I'm getting really good shot here keep
going keep push guys I'm helping my mom
get her car on stuck watch look what I'm
doing but do a good job I need to SUV
later I wasn't you know he's at I'm sick
of these accusations teasers I almost
hate it right there I thought that was
the curve but I would just stuff up but
it was just no it was just percipitation
alright it's freezing right now and
we're going my high school a slice why
wait do you guys this is our crosstown
ripe basketball game so it's snowing and
I'm with my mom mom Celine the comments
made this crap want where you have to
say to your fans in the Shaytards logs
hi hungry how much hard hi mom kill me
all my dance you're going into your
shade both high school hockey Rodrick I
made out with so many girls in this high
school one time where sophomores we got
it from this little online the joke and
we thought that suppers were allowed dog
on wagon bro
were you through water bloons off this
roof at people that were coming into the
dance how means that that's one of
Carly's cheerleaders
she's a cheer coach she used to be a
cheerleader for this school and she used
to be a cheerleader for the other school
and they're going to get a cheerleader
fight in center court in just a minute
can't wait that's going to be the
highlight of my evening other than when
the cheerleaders do their tumbler we go
go whoo my swords be oppressive yeah
okay Brendon dance and a half times want
to fear that's her this is her right
here was that slogans girlfriend right
there that girl what's her name trouble
that her name the name full of double
trouble like that it's all they play
sports and there's a band here it's a
tradition we have here in our school
there's a tradition that we have lockers
we part this is my vlog if you
don't like it sale this is how long okay
okay my sister was homecoming queen and
so was i but they don't put my picture
she will be in my church every Lattimore
that was that that's Julie she was my
homecoming queen and then I knew her
that's Gina and that's Tara I know
that's Audrey I dated her whoo Oh Abby
was homecoming queen and then teryn was
my captain and then guess who that is
it's Carl you're essentially song I look
weird yeah you do also mommy chard was
homecoming queen - did you know that
Carly yeah cool that was awesome
homecoming queen sisters I don't know
that's us let's see your homecoming -
cleaned up I think you should do the
worm dude this is my high school I never
knew you in my high school
Camry let's go make out by one of the
lockers let's go make out with my old
Locker hey let's get one yeah what's my
combo bro hey will you go to the Sadie
Hawkins dance with me
hey hey I'm Tyler pencil is an aluminium
yeah well a my leather jacket for your
friend
what's it dancing it I don't know I
don't know it's no did you ever learn it
did you watch it over and over again and
learn it consul che des amis hyper you
just jumped on things that's why we have
four kids is it appropriate I had to say
actually the funniest thing mommies are
never said in a blog right there
and the most appropriate on and I'm you
that was the crap I think my horse is
cracked I'm losing her like falling out
too so I could throw snowballs during
the winter like there's no strict no
snowball why don't you go to school and
it should be canceled so this was a
bigger this was like the outsides were
here these were glass doors and we my
buddy Jared Robin like middle talking
snowballs at each other and he was going
to his class in this door and I just
freaking Chuck one last snow on right is
his sister
oh no abs last door right there right as
he's over the door behind like why does
that through it I was like Chris I'm
cute oh not you anyways I got in trouble
so you cannot look at me like did you go
to detention yeah let me off oh you just
hit me give me away
come on help me down in the snow Lee
push Norman thanks yes okay yeah and
that's why they've called me snowy snow
face ever since thanks guys for watching
today's vlog you can go out and check
yesterday's hey you feeling lucky I have
a surprise for you yeah exciting thing
happened to me and my personal life
click on that lucky button if you want
yeah that's not really surprised it's
that I lost 100 pounds it's a shameless
video check it out and now I'm going to
get a pedicure with my mom and my wife
seriously I like chicks
