all right good morning mm-hmm or just
just checking our morning tweets on our
Barbie fabulous what is this thing I
know it's like a pocket learn inside a
pocket learn we have a surprise to show
you guys this morning hey if your life
she did the stare at the camera turn
away like are you doing he's like it is
the first day of the rest of my rant mom
I'm just no stretchy you're quicker I'm
gonna go out there and change the world
can't do Chabad can go because unless I
write oh my god here's that to left you
a present outside guys don't eat the
yellow snow
what do they see it's all white yeah
this is the first snow the first snow
for us this year we're excited if
they're like what what Oh timely with
fear um when when I look up nose oh-h
and when I woke up I saw it's know me
yeah I just ran around knife is
screaming my thoughts
knowing they just got us know stuff from
right away and just been outside well
that sounds like fun
snowman time ere you involved yourself
here you take it
hi everybody it's me rock guitars and
just log to myself
got a pointer yourself silly recording
so face let's get this party started
right let's get this party started
quickly okay run - what are yo CTFxC is
behind us alright we are going to the
gym nauseam because we are people who
like to work our bodies figure asleep
and then we like to have vigorous bodies
to be able to work Fikret I don't know
what that means
alright you ready here we go we're kind
time to go to the gym you're ready
everybody ready
looks like gym time what are you doing
weirdo exciting all that good gym yeah
the students working out on a different
workout machine over here
what does that Nick I'm in a tree now I
love that tree alright here we go with
the workout punkin right you guys Wendy
said real quick game for come with me
I'll save you guys I stole the Carly
Stiles that's hilarious
play it in traffic Zoey's fun to risk
your life I'm can you see me yeah this
is the first time I've ever walked with
this camera and it's a little weird not
gonna lie hey what are we doing right
share practice we are hey my life is
complete okay so we took you guys to
hip-hop but we forgot to turn you on
I didn't haven't turned you on hold on
that's not what I meant I always put my
bed my mouth opens oh I meant
anyway we forgot to turn the camera on
so we'll show you guys next Thursday on
Thursday baby okay guys like my camera
look at this mami tarde has decorated
the crap out of this thing
she's taken all my foot cameras and
putting stickers on her actually is
probably the kids who did it all right
you guys we have a guest with us today
who remembers this handsome young devil
everybody this is brian from sitar e /
swivel so it's explained that exactly
the change why it switch from satara to
swivel well I mean one of the big
reasons is we got a vote from you guys
to tell us what a better product name
would be that's right we did have a vote
right yeah yeah so we pick swivel out of
the the voting that you guys did yeah
used to be called Satori star and that's
what I called it during a crowdfunding I
was a little bit confusing and that's
why we wanted to improve it nice dude
all right so uh we're here date lunch
and talk about the upcoming excitement
of Swivl we are going to be in Vegas for
CES this year and we have to do a
presentation on the stage and we're
trying to think like what we're going to
do like if we're going to strip or like
streak something in an interesting
that's going to be great also here's the
cool thing about CES you don't know what
that means it's a consumer electronic
show show I was like why anyways it's in
Vegas and it's like every you know all
the cool tech gadgets that are coming
out and all these you know new devices
and stuff that people can review and
they actually have a contest called
last product standings alright gadgets
last gadget standing and it's really
easy you can just go vote you have to
like sign it you know that's still like
that right you just go and vote on our
site that's what I love
you don't like sign up for anything or
login you can just go vote for swivel
and then just hit refresh and us you
know there's like I think we're trying
to get the top what are you trying to
get in the top 10 to press on the top we
want to win you guys we'd only have a
top 10 we are wet apps so I'll leave
link below
swivel bias Atari you guys go check this
out last gadget standing CES 2012 we
want to win that can show that yeah dude
you guys think it how much can we can I
tell like about the Intel I will talk
about what we can tell okay okay this is
it this is the unit so this is where you
know you dock your camera and this is
the tracker so you know you put that on
you or you can be like giving a
presentation to be like look over here
oh snap Boop I broke it I broke it no
all right let's go eat lunch breakfast
yeah because it's so tough dude I can
throw that thing all day long it'll work
like a top
okay you guys ready follow me
Kiba dachi the gabbro it's so any the
thing that I love is that it goes 360
degrees that's awesome okay we had lunch
it was delicious we're playing with toys
at the table that was so cool you know
the great thing about this to you guys
is with the iPhone when you plug your
iPhone and it charges it as you're
plugging it into the dock so it's like
at night when you go to bed you could
just like dock it into your into your
scooter thing and then it's just sitting
right there do that by putting it into
this little micro USB right here let's
start here filming where do you take a
soft 360 degree rotation dude so great
how many how many people have thought
about this my buddy Sam macaroni he's
like so we invented that I was gonna
embed that he was pissed that he found
out that there was one of these in in
existence well we can work with him yeah
then we're gonna make some sweet stuff
so here it is you guys the tripod that
follows you and you don't even need
anybody to film for you don't need
anybody to hold the camera and just have
your little swivel right here and it
moves around as you move around it's so
convenient you can put this tripod that
is a tripod on a tripod there's a little
mount here so that you can put it and
then I don't know if I've showed you
this of course you know we just saw the
iPhone work but this is an adapter if
you have your flip camera or any
basically any camera you have is going
to have a screw on the bottom of it so
you can screw this in and then you just
put that in there so basically you know
mostly you want to use iPhone but any
camera that has a screw in the bottom
you can do so it's functional for lots
of different kinds of Stacy plugs in
like that okay so here's the plug so you
can literally charge it as you're using
the device so where does this there's a
plug on the back of this right so that
goes into the back of the device there
but then you can see where that ditch
are okay and then when you're out on the
go it's battery-operated so there's two
doublea's yeah it's lights are like that
deep that was nice how to do that again
where did you go you just pull the edge
off sweet okay pretty easy to use
so and then when you're done with this
cable it just wraps up and stills around
the face like that that's be easier than
that that's cool Dean yeah the coolest
part about it is that you can use it in
four different phone positions so you
can wrap it around like this and do
portrait if you want to do that and then
if you want to go all the way around the
other way just wraps around the device
this way and then you set it up for
landscape this way nice to see you're
like that or you want to do like video
chat do it like this that's one with
your wife when yeah it's like if you
want to do a FaceTime you can access the
menu button right now oh that's great
and then you can do different apps you
know we need to get some speakers set up
for this thing is Bob Marley and I did
that would be cool if you had like some
speakers you could plug into that like a
BU doc it's charging it and then throw
some speakers on there's all kinds of
options you guys wanna be thinking with
some sweet lungs - do you guys have any
ideas go check out their website are you
still picking suggestions and stunts
Louis and just noted I info at swivel
comm you can pre-order these you can go
get one of these units right now they're
not I mean they're still manufacturing
them so they're not really delivered you
do have whatever they do be delivered
early next year okay we're gonna
announce our our final shift date at CES
on january 9th cool so go pre-order when
you guys and get one of these right now
and then you'll have one of the first
ones off the freaking conveyor belt
literally it'll still be warm the
plastic will still be warm bill
corrupt your face like oh it's still the
freshly-made cuz they're really selling
these in every Best Buy in the land
you gotta hear me on that one so go get
yourself one right now and you can have
the swivel before everybody else even
has heard about this thing it's gonna
revolutionize the way we communicate
with each other I promise
mark my words hey oh yeah so no dude he
has a dance of fool
dude are you like you're like your big
bro are you gonna be a dancing maniac oh
snap Jeezy
he started yeah I do the worm we'd have
to have sundar teach him that yeah he
knows dizzy was trying to do the worm
early remember Oh lemon master lemon -
Carly in her pants out the door car
leader pants just took off he is so
adore is it time for him to go to bed
good going night-night my night-night
he's away hyper woman I don't know it
may be great against more what you let
me watch I'm watching
go do it cool dude you're doing it like
rolling off the thing stop down up down
up down
what's up did she love you what are you
doing is at the upward dog
are you some yoga bro doing the yoga
move this isn't me a strong little baby
here's YouTube onesie you know time to
drink my bottle I'm thirsty after all
that working out up and down up and down
go look at this Pumpkinhead
what I'm flip hunting we've run out of
blips we need more flips okay so yeah we
should probably about that actually so I
bought this I'm gonna try to switch a de
la game device and this camera sucks
basically like I don't know I like it
but
adios not as good and the screen quality
is not as good you know what actually I
was thinking because a lot of people
were saying today's quality or
yesterday's quality looks a lot better
but I realized the reason why is because
when Brett edits he uses Final Cut Pro
and that doesn't support mp4s which is
what this camera produces and so he has
to convert the files to a different
video file and so you lose a little bit
of quality every time you convert
something or compress it so with these
files it works with iMovie o6i use so I
don't have to compress the original
files so the actual end product comes
out better quality which I thought was
pretty interesting
so that produces the same thing but like
the camera that Charles uses that Canon
one that I've tried to use a few times
it were it has the same video files that
works with Final Cut so no I don't like
it I seriously I can't get over the flip
I like it but they don't they don't
produce them anymore it's a dying
product I tell you what Kodak if you're
listening let's work on a vlogging
camera together meaning about that dude
if I can if I could like invent my own
vlogging camera with all the features
that I would want as a vlogger I can
make a sweet vlogging camera call me up
kodak what's for your something out
this camera ain't doin it brows I know
it's cute and sleek and stuff but it's
not working we need to make something
different
get him Capri you owe him one supreme
Freddie dropped you on the ground yeah
yeah he's a puppy dropper kid I'm Paul
those people in the comments were pissed
when Rochard dropped you get it back
yeah yeah buddies face huh get him he
doesn't deserve to live fight his leg
what are gonna do oh don't hit him don't
be nice be nice
it's like pull your leg away from the
rock garden capris dog good girl good
girl good girl
oh no run hide your face get out get the
ball Oh Ron dude run
oh no oh sorry you talk - there you go
on your feet get on your feet good not a
smooth rose
there you go though you can't get no she
can't get you come free will you do now
honking baby no no no touching the
painting all right go beat the dog up
some more or better run
yeah I am
what are you doing yeah kick yourself in
the face that's good that'll solve all
your problems
hi mommy tired Brock Terry go get Capri
go get her he's pretty agile for a
little baby little one-year-old aren't
you where's the dog she's hiding
underneath this earlier hey no Shay are
you done anything at a really one of a
prisoner shall be no Christmas shopping
mommy tarde first before we go rock
Christmas shopping I have to buy Rock
hey guys thanks watch the vlog check out
yesterday's vlog and if you're feeling
lucky your mother's well click on the
Loki sticker see you guys tomorrow and
PS yes there will be a one-hour
christmas special on christmas day
instead of one take sunday Merry
Christmas
