good morning it is a beautiful day
that's crisp and clean and cold here in
st. George I'll just take it appear out
here don't mind me I just got a pee hey
there's a baby boy what's up my little
baby man huh
what are you doing Brougham excited to
drive to the tree mountain to die yeah
yeah there's dogs and babies out running
around in the parking lot that's the
great thing about not being in LA
there's a lot less people right as we
got out of town and we got to like
Barstow we went an 8 and we just we're
in this like Carl's jr. and I was like
honey does it feel like there's a lot
more room all of the sudden it does
outside of LA all sudden there's way
more room look this parking lot we got
plenty of options for spots any spots
kind of like the best spot in the lot
cuz we got every one of them what are
you doing Butthead that's my backpack
you go pack the trailer you're getting
there pack the trailer all right he's
the packing monster he's in charge of
packing the trailer ready to go
no tree walk around out here for some
more longer come for some more longer
time it's cold I'm silly I can't talk
right now seeing some littering going on
we need to fix that okay grab it grab it
you guys ready to go down for breakfast
leftover chips you find on the truck
come on I think you can do better than
that with this card there goes mr.
Rockler see you dude what's he doing
I'll get him don't worry guys I'll get
him off the ring without baby that's
cute
that's a cute brotherly love right there
going on it's a cute adorable brotherly
love
look at him grow up
look at him they're literally growing up
in front of our eyes and we are now in
the snowy
central Utah central Utah was a cold and
barren wilderness desert for the early
pioneers as they trekked across this
forbidding landscape
oh hi we're driving once again we've
been doing a lot of that and if you ever
been on a long road trip and you're like
can we make it to the next you know
because when you're out here it's like
you know you're like miles and miles
from the next gas so you kind of gotta
like time it just right
wheelchair is stuck in the middle of
nowhere and so we have about 18 miles to
go a little less than a quarter of a
tank of gas look he said oh and I think
know the ghastly hasn't come on yet so
we might be phrasing in the tundra like
the early pioneers - okay that's and no
pun intended because we're in a Tundra
that was funny to me like in hindsight
that's why I said it haha any results
we're hoping to make it to meadows how
we're going we're in meadow Utah which
is very close to Fillmore Utah which is
a very fun city when you're a newlywed
driving to Vegas and you drive through
Fillmore Utah and you have a young hot
wife next to you anyways ah sorry or
driving it it's done by
I don't think my hair likes it either
why don't you guys put your hoods on I
told you there was me a scheduled freeze
out at 12:49 this afternoon we always
have fries at 12:49 silly whenever we're
on road trip delay in Bob called arrow
it's too cold I don't like it father I
don't know I was just think it'd be fun
and exhilarating I'm right here
go to the edge
he'll look like a heart I can't do it
with the half I love your show cheaters
and sent me hunting them
hi people that we saw a shiny tardes
take the audition the Shaytards it was
funny because I was actually looking at
their pan and I could see like Minnie
and Mickey Mouse bags like stuffed in
the back and I was like oh they probably
have kids then we drive by and they're
like we're like those beds back I'm
self-conscious which they do you know a
beater that's a baby turn look you guys
I guess it's dope
and your thumbs looks great you know
actually I'm gonna be this footage I
allowed to say Brent go to the footage
but Shane go back to their skull shape
no or one go back in the field what
again great shame I'm so proud of to
stop me from achieving my thirsty dreams
carry justice to sometimes I'll help
gauge man I like that hairdo and rock
tart
is sporting one of the most stylish
sweaters of the evening for the
Christmas gala Christmas Extravaganza
check out this sweater she's rocking hey
let's see it rock darn rock face let me
see your sweat swag dude you guys you
guys just trust me on this you'll see
you later it's adorable
it's adorableness and in creation Oh
baby-talking hardly stand it in so
adorable I like your sweater that's
definitely a Christmas sweater you're
rocking there why are you so angry
let me see your sweater turn around
she's trying to hide it from you look
there it is
ever thank you this baby sweater ever
time is so precious and so cute I just
want to eat it up dog yes
okay I just told Braley that I'm
stealing her scarf because I love the
color of it is it it feels I get is neon
obviously duh but it almost acts like it
is shining
doesn't it look that bright that it's
shining almost no I like it anyways this
is my new scarf all right you can have
my back cool scarf bro wish I had one
Angele I'm super jealous excuse me do
you have a motorcycle because otherwise
you would be wearing it's just who I
that we're gonna get him eating the ice
and then hey listen don't fall on your
face ten out of ten people who fall on
their face regret it Casey it actually
did you a lot of good I'm sorry 9 out of
10 people who fall on their face
regretted 1 out of 10 actually get a
look impairment or a look advancement
advancement there's Cooper is afraid of
Santa
you do thanks Anna
Oh was rocked arts to Santa's always
taking your chairs all right what do you
want boy I just want peace on earth and
goodwill toward what's that Pisa oh
that's a stupid present want to get a
gun no okay that sounds good
okay what is he gonna get there yes
there it is very good open it up little
boy sweater so you know Pinet open it
what Santa say give you any good stock
tips nice and we'll go play without go
there let go pink it start getting the
present you like a camera you want a
camera okay well look see if this is it
I don't know if your parents put this
let's see what it is and we'll get
something awesome baby turns one baby
turned waiting for her turn they didn't
think what is it let's see
that's gonna be obnoxious and loud where
they in all this techno who did on this
crap
mommy did you do that you buy those it's
baby tarts she's so nervous look better
okay I just gotta just go through a few
moments of this and I'll get my present
yeah sure she say a Barbie that's what
she wanted to Mar be maybe dark in here
dude what did you tell him you wanted
what'd you tell me you wanted Thanks
what'd you say what'd you get open that
lets you let it
excited all right big boy what do you
want for christmas
there's Logan a little a little big
there for Santa's lap oh just Rogers
wanna make it all the way through
puberty that's what I want for Christmas
the wet rock tart got daddy loved it
there's
rock guard he's got his present now he's
not interested in the sand of anywhere
hey hey all right guys you can play with
your toy that's a Christmas performance
from over in China Brown
sorry bro we're home
what do you think they're excited
oh I just wish Donny the dart was there
already joy
where's Donny the dart you have a dummy
the dart boards
it looks great mom it stopped me look at
sleepy face they're poinsettias fan to
stick and I really like this tree
actually more turn the lights on in here
it's too dark
what it's pretty I'll I've always loved
white Christmas trees there's Santa
Claus Santa Claus from the tree
Casey Logan College this is all of the
kids stockings that's fun Carly there's
yours
there's all the kids to all the big kid
stuff yes well it looks good in here I
really like all this what dear yes I'd
love to show me I pried the biggest one
at that I hate the round black whoa
stop Oh
everybody stop you guys stop stop wait
she didn't decorate something she let
her decorate a real fast
thanks better mom the ambiance just went
up 12% is that mine
hey there's my elk shot the crap out of
me it was the spirit of the L trying to
get me back he's like take that sucker
that's the elk right there that's him
it's a lot smaller now without that
giant body attached to him we've had
we've had some nice elk steak from him
already and the jerky is delicious hold
on I have to say hi to my what's up guys
you've been in here waiting for me why
I'm sure you watch it all the time
pissed off about it domeier's cost it is
oh it's good to be back in my office
it's good to be home it smells good in
here so this is it huh what is this
thanks bro dude let's shake it around a
lot don't kick it oh that's because that
grandpa's China that's awesome this is
my grandpa's China that's really cool
that's nice that's pretty I'm drinking
eggnog out of this I call do you have
any eggnog yes no way right from the
knife cabinet
father hook a brother up with some nog
yo it's officially the Yuletide season
Lisa got some more it's the first cup of
eggnog right yeah
oh that's not too much easy I'm on a
restricted calorie diet so really I just
forgot Allah okay it's the holidays
super neg nog looking at rates and crap
with the point heavier mom you've
outdone yourself look at all this night
you film the Christmas spirit yet who
are you
my mom she decorated our house awesome
and looks gorgeous we're home I edited
this vlog I haven't edited a vlog in
like six months it's good to be back
guys love you check out yesterday's vlog
or if you're feeling lucky click to the
spinny weirdo face smiley I don't know
Brett made this endslate for me isn't he
great thanks Brett love ya okay guys see
you tomorrow are you still watching this
you should have clipped off a long time
ago circuit
