you are not watching the Shaytards
just sit back
because it's cake
and we fought for two years
we are getting ready to go Shay we need
to find shape I want your camera around
dude turn around bro oh I'm not moving
like a little grab of you I would
thought you would not turn around turn
it around I just go to the shower
blow my hair it's not so cool I've got
another confession to make
see my friends I've got a divin the best
the best the best the best of you do you
realize how many more days do I got
how many more days I got what's today
this is P so long I don't get it
if you love your hair long just leave it
long cuz they want me to cut it I said I
would had I said I would cut it when I
got 200 pounds but then I liked it so
much longer I don't wanna that's really
what happened that's the real a naked go
out we'll talk about this later
yeah this is awkward for you I know
right hey what's going on
check out all come on get out oh I love
them for on set the mom was like okay
honey
I don't like oh Emily I look like Ken
like a majestic you know what you like
gonna close no it's not supposed to hair
I think they're like really gonna wear
like your alter ego it's like Suresh a
would never ever be exactly like have
you tan in a suit dude I think it's so
fun is my hair go into the final I'll
just show you wash it is it's washable
its wash it's my nice book Jersey charge
oh my god then just go wash it off it's
nothing crazy
it's called Sally Hansen women place oh
wow it works I'm gonna start using it
that's what I use it like a spray-on
line yeah yeah hyah
it's like my tongue is numb it did like
my tongue feel numb also I don't know
why
cuz you're ingesting you guys like yeah
I'm feeling these cancerous fields all
in the name is going on the name of the
name of the hotness and hairspray
oh my goodness
my oh my god wow what is that stuff
amazing keep spraying its face when it
gets big guy looks like him sorry sorry
sorry normal sake wedding how crazy oh
there's no audio in this yeah
is that my wife there's my husband my
lovely wife oh man hello mama
come over here love I let me put my lips
on y'all's new girls don't do too is
really chic my betta fish lick your face
okay I'll agree to those terms and
conditions mm-hmm can I not vlog this
yet you can watch this you guys if you
want to see okay so remember the
agreement that we made the other day
guys I get to have my hair long she's
just trimming it this is not the actual
hair not a fool just trimming so I'm
gonna get to keep it a little bit longer
until Christmas and then I'll cut it
however you guys want Christmas or like
afterwards the day I told him what I'd
kind of Christmas Tay you did quit
making so many commitments just keep
your hello infinite long love I'm not
your personal chia pet okay I love do
you guys want a short I do you want
he wants it will just be gentle you
wanted sure what are you talking about
you want me to get him or anybody you so
I like it short but you know why she's
alright here's me wasn't forever so you
might as well have about a different
look there give me a hug you sure you've
got spenders on guys yeah buddy
I haven't told you this yet and a few
months removed to a barman sir farming
cake okay we started reality show called
so you think you can farm hey come down
the Jill tab you get some free corn
I love check out this video I love you
live
Omar when I love ya I love we're here is
different is it different man happy
I like it I love it here baby's got a
puppy babies go to puppy what's gonna
happen when the papers go up it gonna
drop it mhmmm gonna drop him on his hand
when the babies go to puppet gonna drop
mom's head a piece like in this day on
the popping wagging his tail the baby
likes a puppy oh there goes the puppy
the baby drop the puppet just like a
toad how's it good song download it now
on iTunes the Bible puppy 30% of the
time or more probably flick him wagon
this is currently this is Carly's
daughter that's never had closed her
face cuz it will bite you a bit you
didn't it like I know it's gone now but
had a scarf pretty big give it to the
baby let the baby hold it here give me
the rock - I robbed her wants to hold
him I've never seen so much joy a little
child space you got the puppy
yeah oh the baby drop the puppies maybe
just a puppy the baby drop the puppy
most of the time a more like 95 percent
of the stamps hey Carly we're just
what's going on we're just hanging out
say no to puppy watch are just fireman
move on to the wooden floor
yeah we threw them up though that's the
problem
slow motion reverse and go rock garden
okay don't drop her we can't be soft
yeah you can't drop the puppy gotta be
soft with the puppy kisses kisses get
Depp up a fights away from it all either
with one bite I swear one bite at all
take one bite all item all day today I
am right now get my lair rock hard play
I mean let Malachi play holy thought dog
right now you hold him I can smell him
on you
yeah he's smell like him you're
contaminated with that stupid oh she
wants to let her go get him no good she
dominates him I was choked by it back he
won't bite her he won't hurt her too bad
he can't do much damage before I can get
to him and pull her out of his mouth you
forgot to bring a plate too
okay okay okay it's not a rodent it's
just it's a family member
he doesn't understand he's like are you
sure this is we want this in here he's
like we're letting this happen this
isn't a nuisance Oh like it no I don't
like Owen bit Brett what are you part of
this be part of this get this stupid
thing out here I got babies I got
puppies I'm a little dog you know okay
let me see my Juanita mama
it looks so delicious I'm sorry I keep
mistaking him for us yeah when I grab
the little Malachi's wet dog food on him
and just uh uh-huh
he seriously would probably
I don't know if we would they might be
interesting to find out no it wouldn't
we have no trouble that's a horrible
thing to even suggest but seriously
we'll try later oh he's doing nice you
kidding me malachite it wouldn't hurt a
butterfly hit kiss him to death
we should move for peace okay vlogging
moment we're okay I were just ready to
leave the truck I just turned the truck
on the kids are all in the post man came
running up the drive with a little box
and I thought wouldn't be cool this is
like a last meal like oh I'm so glad we
got this right before we drove died Oh
what would you need for a long 13-hour
drive to Idaho how about a nice pair of
sunglasses dude you're the winner of
wives hey wife you win these are like my
all-time favorite driving glasses if I'm
like on a long like road trip I'm like
not too concerned about style because I
kind of think that are you looking but I
love the lenses in these things make
them up they make the countryside look
like them like Golden Hills of
lusciousness we thinking like okay these
have to get here before we leave because
that we needed for the drive so I
ordered them like to be expedited yeah
I'm very curious I was like oh whatever
I guess we'll just do without and right
as we're leaving we're like in the car
that has a bubble that we're leaving the
guy walks up today for those yours are
those mines you have more stylish ones
and this is another funny thing about
these things is when we were scenario
we're very first married on a Sunday I
was just watching TV randomly and
infomercial came on for this eagle eye
sunglass and I was like there are 50
bucks for like two pair and it's like a
possible choice to make you see it HD I
know a river with those things
everything up and so everyone very
Hollywood I bought him it was fifty
bucks and we it was like for me to spend
fifty bucks
deal because like that was grocery money
and she's like would you spend 50 bucks
on like gonna make some bodies glasses
you say why and they came in the mail my
god they're so stupid oh my dad like on
what I didn't really like very different
they're a different style accident but I
like these look at these are actually
way more stylish yeah they're not like
how you do on your head repeat after me
pocket protectors pocket protectors and
I have to go and go joins now yes sir
I'll give it to you right away
give me your eagle eyes but it's just
like a sponsorship or anything like by
you guys that's like the chip like
no sponsors Oh see that's my just like
so many's I throw I seriously why was so
many pairs alright don't you love
friends go hit the road we're going
Idaho see you guys miss Brett yeah I'll
see you in a couple weeks Brett's gonna
take a little vacation Alessandra is not
we have changed her to the desk shield
me draw no secret though huh
I'm gonna actually try my own Shaytards
just like once I want to like do like a
whole day like a rent camera later I
edit it like you know I won't be you
silly and damn is this gonna be in you
going back for Mon tucky all right we're
in the road bye
let's go bug eyes went by the name see
on your intercept now you're my co-pilot
he kiddin you know you got the maps
you're yelling to me where we're going
ready all right we're out of here
mph rares whose exotic we are going home
although the holiday la la da da da da
da and
what upwards go ha in a million ways the
holidays are they um sweet home and when
you're leaving Los Angeles and everybody
is going I was wondering to myself how
many people like how what's the Exodus
it's like it's a mass exodus of people
leaving Los Angeles to go back home for
the holidays as Los Angeles is a place
where a lot of people from other places
come and whether it's like to work or
just cuz it's such a big place there's a
lot of opportunities there it is the
City of Lights the City of Angels Los
Angeles though there's my wipers - so
we're cruising out of here on the 10
East we're gonna head up north through
Vegas and then scoot on through Mesquite
yeah and then I think we're gonna try to
stay in st. George tonight st. George
Utah hanging out with Casey I think
Casey Casey Casey and Caylee left this
morning we're stay in hotel with them if
we get there who knows with this trophy
trophy can hinder us Pasadena so yeah
east on the tan until we hit one up in
spaces so we just said that the road
trip or our vacation doesn't officially
start until we hear that first really
good song on the radio that we can jam
to as we're heading out so I'm gonna hit
the radio right now you guys ready let's
see what let's see what the ten East has
for us
my
not my first choice but I guess I'll
have to do anyways so we're driving here
we go whoo I'm so pumped we're going
over the holidays
rubia goodbye pop trees we'll see you
soon goodbye Los Angeles really doing a
lot of that I feel like in the next
couple weeks my dear to us yeah dude I
cannot Senden I can feel the holiday
spirit sent in I'm ready to be a
consumer I think
let's go purchase some items prove that
we love our love our friends and family
I'm a mother you are
hold up presses so I feel like I got to
get over bro I'm like I'm stuck in the
110 I like to be prepared for the
holidays as in buy presents like early
on in December Shea yeah BJ is now a day
before Christmas that's right folks
a Chris Asselin I'd like to let the
Christmas spirit I was ready to be a
Cadabra yeah that's what it's like I'm
finally willing to spend all this extra
money it's like all right I guess I
finally feel the spirit well I'm never
when you're supposed to be home with the
family and forgetting about the wrong
reason of Frommer's was right listen my
it's my goal I already have a couple
ideas in mind feeding a little dog we
get back right like I'm listen we got a
couple days dude I got a couple days
before I want you to use those days it
and you only need to shop for me because
I'm the most important one in your life
you have already got an idea I want to
ask you about it looks it's kind of a
big purchase
I want to surprise you but like I feel
like it's something that might be good I
don't know we'll talk about my Christmas
present later guys hugs gonna be in your
bag in the car
this GP in the car on my sweater
some guy wait two men three pounds like
what he's saying we have like a really
good conversation here's here's my puffy
little bumpy anyway sir
did you see my puppy because I was just
driving here does it have a puppy this
rock tart gonna see this puppy alright
so this is the first gas pick up what
you got a drama on the text no oh yeah
we drama all right so we're filling up
gas alright 57 that's it okay class
first fill up there come the three row
grottoes nice road trip outfit ladies i
like the dresses and the you can never
go wrong with a tutu when you're on the
road for those long trips to Barstow
California you can't go without too many
tutus eyebrows I kid me it's like every
other word out of my mouth you go to
Barstow you better have a two to go just
flagellated that is
student rock guard you stamp dude here's
a flashlight rules stop you it's funny a
flagellation er huh yeah it's hungry
who's hungry it's crazy that they're
already feels like there's way more
space now that we're not in LA it's just
like more parking area it's we are
codependent gotta pee gotta pee gotta
pee gotta pee where's the tree where's
the tree
here's Jude here's a tree look history
not a tree Oh God hey hey hey what you
sniffing of course he has to sniff
around for eight minutes I don't know is
there any other trees wait what's Corley
doing it's good court leo hey Cory you
want to take my surfer walk dog hi Capri
she sure was she is a little wussy she
wants to eat Malakai get in get her milk
you just give me two seconds alone with
that dog and Ollie drop oh here we are
the bright lights of Las Vegas gaveta
welcome to Mandalay Bay and lots of
wages where you can jump it gamble your
life away for a few hours of pleasure
and excitement we're just wondering how
much the MGM grand spends every year to
shoot a light into the year hundreds of
thousands of feet hundreds of thousands
of feet not even I just have hope you
stupid I should have said that but look
at that that is a that is a bright light
there's the xcalibur we usually we like
to stay in Vegas because it's fun but
we're trying to push through and try to
get to st. George
you kids look there's New York City
there's this there's New York's what's a
call Empire State Building
there's the MGM Grand with the last time
I was in Vegas was last time you were in
Vegas last time I was in Vegas was when
we had a million subscribers for I was
here for the last chat tag your green
roadtrip video we're gonna stop here in
a minute dude you guys gotta pee
she's watching movies we're gonna stop
and he
no they're in turn st. George we're
gonna just drive straight on through
Vegas will wave at it oh look at the
pretty light it looks so fun oh it's so
nice I'm gonna just go to I know and
leave breath I'm alright guys there's
your vlog breathy and turn out I'll talk
to you guys later enjoy the vlog while
Jays editing it don't forget about me
live a happy life happy Christmas merry
holidays what all right I'll talk to you
guys later and ya be well also make sure
to get your calendar because if you
order it today then this is last day for
the u.s. that it'll be shipped to you
before Christmas if not you're out of
luck Oh check out some of the calendars
goo that's nice look at them oh yeah
yeah yeah yeah so there you go take
pictures with your calendar once you
receive it and send it to Bret or Shay
on Twitter and blip blop blop I'll talk
to you later
don't forget about me because I'm
awesome bye I love you shave your
listening and everybody else okay oh wow
this is just gonna keep going to stop it
okay bye
