boy do they look handsome
those are my place all right you know
how far we've driven today 833 miles
finally made it home today's one take
Sunday guys we're alive we've literally
just been driving all day we get stopped
in Utah for a little while for a family
Christmas party threw ourselves together
for the party yeah but we just are
literally about to pull it's 10:05 at
night or about to pull in our driveway
we made it home for the holidays look at
those lazy there's so some women up here
slaving away all day long at the blue
though 833 and I'm so excited because
Shay is mom is a wonderful wonderful
lady and she has made the house all
Christmassy for us with Christmas trees
be funny if they woke up and started
screaming all right one take Sunday
sorry is short we literally been driving
all day you guys but we have a long long
tomorrow
let's get over here yeah oh you just boy
you are gonna love it
Merry Christmas we're here we made it
see you guys tomorrow
