pretty-pretty could be pretty darn
precious what it is
Katie letting shaycarl got the cutest
kids and maybe up on YouTube making all
events in the few don't know I'm gonna
tell you like this like this like son's
heart got all the girls on them
god I'm wondering how do you get so
handsome okay and baby's heart she got
that baby girl swag she can get a little
crazy just like her dad what a rock part
I see you starting to walk hit that
stinky leg then he hit the driver prison
start where you whack girlfriend back
handspring it's a perfect ten
yeah you've known a PDF EP two years ten
and he's on two three we're ready for a
bitty also let it be clear hey what is
up so you're getting ready the house
still looks like this but you know what
we're going to get everything hacked
throw everything in the car tidy up real
fast and we're out here we're going are
you breaking stop seriously he's just
ripped right off of the frickin thing I
just ripped right off this is hard
plastic too
Brenda start what are we doing today
what are we doing next having fun we're
having so much fun
die stop looking at my zit no I up here
look at my eyes no don't look they're
right here
stop looking it's giant isn't it it's
like if tagging my entire face that's
what happens when you you're like stress
stress stress we're gonna be right over
in a row and now I have created this
glorious little piece on my chin and I
love it my friend it's Christmas bells
Christmas bells are you in the girls
room why was it there baby tartan took
it I think corn something the camera
they are mommy turn off the camera what
are you eating dude me and some crackers
he was just saying daddy say it again
come on bro daddy hey daddy there you go
daddy do it again daddy - dingy he never
does it like right when each other I'm
gonna catch you dude - you act like I'm
your daddy
I love you what do you seeing no you see
mom you see mama the computer what are
you looking at we were walked to watch
this video that all of us are in our 4g
homies
Vernell brethren celebrity superstars
today we bring you an exclusive
interview with our epic foursome on the
set of their comeback music video okay
so we're gonna bout to watch us do you
guys haven't seen this yet go check it
out this is the fork jeez there's my
homie G there's King G how else would
you spell
j/k inj kid Jay look check it out links
blows it's really funny okay here's
video I can't take it you have to begin
to check the zip code because for some
reason when we put it off all the
shipping labels hey listen there's no
rule of vlog footage today because I
have literally been doing this all day
long I got out this ring before I'm
wearing I'm still in my workout clothes
look at my shoes I got up this morning
and I thought oh no go for a quick jog a
quick exercise and I'm gonna come back
and start on these calendars so I came
in here and I like to check the thing
icon you can print off and you figure
this up so I just start doing calendars
that makes clearly 6:50 and I've been
doing calendars all day it was like I
went to go like I'm still wearing my
clothes the guy was heading out with the
door to all my everyone are like oh let
me just check this and I just started
going and like 12 hours later you always
touch every single one of these
envelopes what because I am checking so
there's like four things to check the
post it's the return address and make
sure because they didn't print off if
your state starts with a zero in the zip
code that never print off like New
Jersey Rhode Island Connecticut New
Jersey all of you state Rhode Island
Connecticut yes we do this for every
level
and I'm sorry if your name was Kringle
okay so she's actually helped me a ton
because she's baby over here it's like
midnight quit working you stop touching
you got low battery believe it or not
okay okay
this is all these boxes are that's
something we could do do we can put
labels on these all right let's do it
I've been doing calendars for 13 hours
straight
he got up to go running and he was right
now he's like no I'm gonna start new
calendars first he hasn't quit I have
not and it's it's 11 o'clock at night
now and we have literally been doing
calendars oh my goodness look at these
these are all ready to go out that's a
lot are there yeah and cameras Ilyn this
one all that I hope you guys like so
this whole time and we've taken today
we've taken three full three or four
yeah they're already setting for full
tubs
Chuck for these two the paper weighs the
United States they're all gonna be sent
right that's the thing just a couple
you know if you're not let me let's
let's level with you okay okay if you're
in the u.s. you're praying at your
calendar first what is it good you live
in the United States shape
what I care about I have to figure out
custom forms or should I do custom forms
so listen oh so we got we don't have the
bestest of a here's our system we have
these basically if you've ordered a
calendar it is in an envelope yeah let's
try to get the return address and
postage on it and there weren't as you
pizookie ship it all out - yeah forget
calendars how are you doing as a person
how's life going chef that's what we're
just saying reps like Brett's like how
are you on footage for today I don't
realize is that how it sounded or dual
footage - no no how do I sound
give me a real food I like to end with
my fingers anyways okay so I'm just
getting way look at what the counters
are doing we got like a stress pitbull
got a cold sound like 400 pounds
all right boy we go easy now I just
realized that there's more that we can
actually do my goal today was to get
everything that I could possibly do and
I realized that these don't have
returned did you mail my mom's yet Oh
your mom is she comes yeah your mom's
right that's right I've been seeing ones
that say like Idaho on them and all like
right like yeah like writing random
things like this one Simon from the
United Kingdom this is actual Simon
Cowell oh I'm gonna draw a big smiley
face do it
that could be here
yeah so we don't have much non calendar
really not okay we'll talk we'll talk
about it how do you feel developmentally
how do you feel your kids are going
along the scale of life how do you feel
their development but the four kids
they're actually doing awesome I think
we talked about the parents
so yes really smart they're polite right
the procedures they great on the level
of one two three four there's one good
or bad three severs okay yeah so you
want threes like grade level you're
doing good if you have a three if you're
an overachiever you can afford he had
like almost all fours overachievers
sucked oh just like his mother
what were you in school were you like
that this is what I was in school I was
I was street smart I had enough streets
cars Yoyogi I would never
every classroom I had I wouldn't figure
out okay how do I do the material I
figure out what is the teacher one yeah
I know what the teacher wanted I figured
out their system
okay this was you know I knew this just
appease them tonight emulate them honey
you're in school it's not necessarily
like learning the curriculum it's about
like just getting that person that is
gonna say that you did a good job or not
to say you did a good job that's what I
was more interested as well did you ever
lie to get out of any assignments did
you ever do that I mean I didn't lie
tell me something that you did together
the pie failed for the great okay what
separates open some what's wrong jaded
all my fourth-grade division test and I
never true yeah so my life is a sham I
didn't get my high school diploma I
didn't get my
exactly back to my job okay this one's
all now sweet
hey how about sleep you wanna get some
of that nice our rates going extreme so
what have we been doing all day
what have I been doing all that this is
how you tuck your kids in the show yeah
you lost a lotta dude you put how many
did you put on you put on the Tom Poston
are you excited to go home tomorrow
no I don't say Chicago is my home
anymore no I switched his LA now right
Justin Bieber go to sleep and asleep he
did and had sweet dreams of many fond
memories to come coming home home is
where we are right baby tart why right
are you excited to go to Idaho today
yeah what are you excited about I'm
gonna see all your toys that you have
still your old house all right go watch
baby in a box baby in a box and check
out I cannot wait for you guys to see
the music video for the 4 G's it came
out so awesome I can yep or cheese check
it out see you guys tomorrow
