Oh
Casey is signing the calendars what what
did you do oh that's cool so we're we're
signing all the calendars here they all
are
these are unsigned mommy thar does
signed these so it means I need to sign
those these means you have signed more
than me
we're gonna try to sign 500 oh that's
good Casey Levere with the glasses Casey
put his picture on the front of all
these calendars so yeah dudes if you
haven't seen them here they are January
there's the calendar we're stuffing them
and pushing them out the door got these
I like the little look don't show any
addresses look this is coming on the
address envelopes so we got these boxes
these are America these are Canada and
those are everywhere else in the world
so if you guys have ordered you can get
something we're gonna be sending them
shipping them as soon as the kids get
home from school you guys need to come
down here and start flipping calendars
around this is the family trade you guys
need to learn how to carry boxes of
calendars around why'd you come write
your name on some of these guys should
tweet Casey I told him he needs to sign
more of these because he has pictures
right here
whoever's calendar is this case he has a
goatee in it yeah but I recently have
there's gonna be like doodling all over
these this is what I was doing earlier I
say we should just draw like little
bodies on our on our faces here alright
so get a calendar maybe tired you want
to sign one okay here will you write
your name right here there you go here
let's give you a different color want
pink up pink here Oh actually I know
where there's a picture of you on here
let's see baby tard oh right here right
here like let's see your face right
there okay write your name right there
with that marker right there yeah right
on your face put it on your face yeah
baby tard so right be right be T go
ahead yeah that's here right yeah put
your signature right there
you don't know how they were you do know
how to write a B ok just write a smiley
face right on your face on your face
oh that's YouTube I guess huh yeah ok
you can write right there and realize
that's you also whoever's calendars this
has checked the back of your calendar I
don't know who's getting this one but if
you check the back to your calendar and
you have two little pink eyes on this
little uh that somebody drew that it's
like a little drawing of baby tart she's
putting pink eyes on it so if you get
this calendar baby tart signed that she
drew little pink eyes so whose is this
one gonna be who knows well throw it
into the pile that'll be exciting
everybody when you get your calendar you
have to check to see if you got the baby
tarde signature it could be any of you
well it's probably most likely one of
the first 500 cuz these are the signed
ones
hey you sound a grave you were kind of
behind some other girls arm but you
sounded amazing I can hear you and you
were doing some great dance moves - that
was nice was it fun did you like that
throw up the snowballs the marshmallows
the job dude alright you guys I am here
at a an old friend of mine and by all
that I don't mean in years I just mean
we've known each other you know that old
Greg stop I'm Karen who remembers this
series I'm here with ponts hey Greg
retarded policeman he's a cop man he's
learning impaired yep he's the retarded
policeman
what was that I remember when we were at
on YouTube live but you had that this
DVD what was the quote you had from the
society do you have those DVDs so yeah
those are hilarious how many of those
have you done now Ponce and they're like
how many episodes do you know like
twelve of them or something no you have
that many have to check it out anyways I
have always loved this series that they
did together and I've never once got a
chance to be in one so they're doing
them again how many episodes do you have
total like twenty-two but we're about
how you're right yes right now we're
shooting a dozen or fifteen new episodes
just once
nice nice nice bunch of them they see so
this is this is them and he's a famous
how many those of you sold because he is
those are we killing I remember when you
guys first came out of those it was you
know here's the thing the store
so Lee's the one place online that sold
them I think went out of business and
they had all of our DVDs so I think
those DVDs are just in a dumpster Wow
before you got it you got to get
somewhere out there anyways check it out
these guys have some new episodes coming
they had Qasim in one I'm gonna be in
one and they're gonna get some other
people in them so check it out probably
what is it where you launching this this
is like January though yeah and Sudan
mediocre films yeah for the musical
films and for the most part new I'll let
you know or I'll let you know when I'm
in my this episode it's gonna be funny
quotes right here the quotes
yeah yeah yeah King Rock says better
than anything on TV tells he says some
of the funniest jokes ever and national
Down Syndrome Society says offensive and
degrading right there well I'm glad you
have all those honors are you offensive
in degrading yep okay we're shooting
today and Ponce's making me crack up Wow
we're shooting my truck and he has to
never I can't tell you I'm not gonna
tell you and I could give any of it away
it's just have to wait till the episode
comes out but I'll let you guys know
it's probably like the second or third
week of January but the next year I'll
see you next year suckers more traffic
sitting time here on the interstate I am
so excited to go back to Idaho for
Christmas no traffic
it'll be a glorious release when driving
around in the town we're leaving on
Saturday Saturday morning to head back
to Idaho for probably like three weeks
and listen up everybody I have a cool
announcement for you for you guys um I
don't know if this is really that cool
of an announcement but I'm gonna start
editing the vlogs for the three weeks
that we're back for Christmas I'm gonna
do everything because now that we're not
gonna be here in LA and I'm not gonna
have all this other stuff that I'm
working on it's just gonna be me and you
guys okay so we'll kind of go out back
to the kind of going platinum truck
everybody else is going but us
come on bros we're trucks we got to
stick together we got it go come on
right here yeah I'm so I'm excited I've
actually missed it I've missed being you
know as big of a part of the vlog as I
was when we started this but now that
it's Brett's you know started editing
for us it's giving me so much time to do
with things with the kids and to do so
many other projects but I'm I'm pumped
to go back to Idaho and just kind of
just always have to worry about us
getting the vlog
every day so it's gonna be just me and
you guys you're excited we're gonna miss
Brent and then you know Brett will start
and then we go back after the new year
which I'm excited about because we have
a lot of cool things like a possible
Shaytards documentary that's starting to
be worked on maybe possibly yes it
doesn't tell you right now it has would
be more in the early beginnings so
that's exciting I'm really excited about
that and now if I said at home I just
got done shooting for an episode of
retarded policeman and pumped for it's
gonna be sweet I've always wished I
could be in one of those episodes I've
been a friend with you know ponts and
his brother and then Greg forever
right for like four years we were
buddies in San Francisco a YouTube live
when YouTube did their giant first event
years ago it was exciting so yeah those
are coming out in the new year I'm
excited to see those so okay you were
driving hope now gotta go stuff more
calendars that's literally what work
that's the last thing on the list look
looks at me from Idaho that person's
right out of that car hi
I've right onto the picture freaking out
I'm so excited to go home for Christmas
and this is the last thing like this
shoot that I just finished that was one
of that's the last thing as far as
shooting the only thing we have to do
before we can drive home for Christmas
is send these calendars out so tonight
all day tomorrow tomorrow night we're
just gonna be working on these calendars
all of us the whole family because we're
sending out ourselves we're not you know
have anybody else to them so that's what
we're gonna do the next like 36 hours is
just ship calendars to you guys so if
you haven't got a calendar you can get
one links below and I hope I hope most
of you get them before Christmas if
you're in the u.s. I'm thinking almost
all of you probably will if you're like
in Latvia or Singapore or somewhere
across the entire globe it might take a
little bit longer hopefully they'll come
fast we're shipping it about tonight
some tomorrow and just as soon as we can
get all the straight stickers on them
and get them in the right envelopes to
the right people or shoot them off to
you guys so here we are at the calendar
shipping business
yeah you should everybody put one piece
of hair in every envelope through their
stacks and stacks upon stacks of boxes
what was her noun says she gave a pep
talk and I missed it right I start we
need your pep talk against is crazy
there's yeah man oh man breaks it's open
these up and AH stuff the calendars here
Gibson they gets his first phrases for
is oh man hey Bridget sorry we need
another speech today I'm Garrett get on
the boxes and give us another speech I
heard you gave a very motivational
speech well I've tried trying to play
motivation into the workers see
motivating you Casey you feel motivated
them question always brings out the most
motivation this is quite the system we
have boxes upon boxes so who gets this
package you gonna be shipped off
somewhere huh will you be sure where you
gonna be shipped off to Bob you're going
in the package all right in see you
later
why don't you ship them up there Prince
it started to get us try to spit in
there I don't think it can fit anymore
yeah broke it alright sons are gonna
ready to stack some of these bro have
you been working hard nice
Bret are you working hard over there
April nicer
you just put a telling some more names
it does actually what I woke up this
morning like oh it smells like calendars
in this house Mecca Johnson get the
calendar some now you'll get pattern
here thank you you're helping out a lot
how many of those have you stuck how
many of those have you stuff all these
this whole box nice job
princess start helping out doing the
family business it's like if you lived
on a farm you'd be milking cows but
instead your stuff in shades hard
calendars yeah that's what James II know
he said you know Allison
she hates cold fields in LaVista
California keep stuffing a good job
princes tart and these guys are working
on printing it's such a process now I'm
gonna put these like return labels on it
so is it did you find a new printer
cartridge yeah we did we just loaded the
color ink in and I'm retesting right now
upstairs to the printer station karlie
is looking at dudes on Facebook I'm not
yes you are calendar boxes eight boxes
karlie Stiles I challenge you to his
stuff off I can stuff calendars twice as
fast as you you know it's true oh that
rhymes too I can't stop going oh there
we go what's going on guys my name is
Brett the intern and I can stuff
calendars twice as fast as Carly Stiles
all right so yesterday's vlogs to the
left feel free to click it it's mommy
turn making rock tart talk while he's
sleeping it's adorable it's cute it's
precious PDP also make sure the calendar
cuz all the cool kids have him don't
wanna be cool peer pressure peer
pressure and as Jay said he's taking
over editing for a few weeks so we won't
see each other so we're not gonna be
friends any longer just kidding you can
always come visit me on my
it's a lot cooler than Shaytards just
getting links below alright I gotta go
fired bye
