it'll be hurting later last day school
day school acting like uh so you didn't
say acting right is it akun that's what
how you say it on the last day of school
acting like a fool happen like a fool on
the last day of school and I love your
outfit your your Shaytards towel is like
so becoming you say look I used to tell
them I had to pretend like I had the
most illustrious beautiful hair in the
whole world
nothing shoes love them you're so cute
it's the last day of school guys I'm
acting like a fool on the last days yeah
last day school lasting is cool you're
not looking like a fool that's for sure
you look sharp the sharpie so yep that's
the words I have today today as our full
talk show time singing one call away
like chunky and in the song it says so
good Superman got nothing on me so I'm
lying to Superman underneath this
and then at the beginning of home go
soup mana I love it
well vlog guys don't worry I'm having my
first I miss the cows moment there's
just something about seeing these giant
animals on your land eating grass it's
something about the natural systems of
it all it's very I don't know and so I I
come out here and I'm like oh where
where's I don't see the cows that makes
me miss them
Oh
you
I
Oh
ah
Oh
first day first day of summer ain't
feelin gavial tired this morn you want
to talk about it Gowan tired hey girls
you ready no tired somebody who
definitely is ready always
mr. Bruck he just came in here like a
jet didn't he he's like ready to party
there he goes never has not energy get
warmed up
gotta burn your feet before you burn
those calories alright Jay loss here we
go show a little enthusiasm good morning
it's 8 a.m. happy summer vacation not
vacation you get ready to work alright
alright
kitty update Kitty update Kitty update
come on ma
she is such a good mama Oh
are they en do those calico ones there's
a white one I thought that was I thought
that was his pale Boetticher but it's a
babe
it's kind of hard it's just like a
bundle of kittens Oh looky there
good morning Oh mom kicked you in the
face got kicked in the face by mama dang
I hate when I get roundhouse kick to the
face you don't want her to be on the
vlogs there's actually two cats this is
not all horses pecans add these yes
there were two cats that had babies but
we're done having babies and we already
have some people no they're all done
sorry are you thinking there is any more
Hugh mom oh I thought we're talking
kittens here jeez quit no that's it did
you just hug your baby sorry for kicking
her in the face it's so cool anyways
look out on their eyes are open you got
to see the wood they got stretch of it
well that's a private time that's a very
private thing what do you mean rock you
you couldn't tell cuz you know I have a
lot of fur but they had practically dead
babies in their belly I didn't see that
you owe that big your kitchen streak a
bow like neighbors oh they did it at
night they didn't want anybody to see it
yeah Brock they did it all right no
nobody saw we just woke up and all the
babies were here they did it at night
while we were sleeping you know where
babies come out of it Elise no that's
where the babies stay but then the
babies come out of kind of where your
mom is
yeah okay so we had two moms that had
kittens
this mom had three kittens and this mom
had five six six four three two died
we're tall that part anymore okay three
of them guys 1,000 I'd but that's a lie
don't lie yeah
this mom had five no how many have six
six and three of them passed away one
was a stillborn and two of them we just
think weren't getting enough food I'm
just kidding
yeah and I actually even tried to give
one mouth-to-mouth I tried to breathe
back in it slow but it was said just add
fiber we wouldn't have eight with eight
kittens but it's cool because the two
moms are like tag-team in the nursing
responsibilities this they're like
helping each other like both kittens
will feed on both moms so it's a real
teamwork effort here it's pretty cool
you petted a kitty looking smelly reduce
one petty toys this is her they're so
cute so soft
oh there's the ones at the Eisenman's oh
okay oh look at that one
oh do you love your baby look here's guy
too little all be gone gone as I can
notice the mama keeps vlog blocking me
here I like get out of here look at it
oh you're so precious there's two baby
white ones okay their mamas like I got
one's gonna get hurt old enough to be on
TV yeah now get out all right kitty
update she do
we gave them a spot up on the shelf so
they feel like they're at an elevated
position they took you and then
sometimes they get room service
man you guys haven't had you haven't
called to get your room service tray is
taken away yet you got a bunch of them
just sitting outside your door come on
hey yo where are we going are you
excited yeah do you like flying on
airplanes yeah is it awesome do you know
where we're going where are we flying to
you don't know Brock's yelling at us all
right dude we're coming we're coming you
ready you get excited here we go on
another airplane oh my goodness look
we're at pH amo us man that was a
lifetime ago
find a Hollywood I'm gonna go down there
by the pool we're in here at the MGM
Grand
somehow our journeys have brought us to
this point
I am Jim Graham we are here for a
wedding meal and it's classic you know
how it is it's room service and chicken
nuggets
what spoiled kids these kids what a life
they're 11 man it's toys in the hotel
room it's mac and cheese it's chicken
nuggets it's eat a little bit of
vegetables it's a lot of fun it's can we
go swimming and um you know the answer
almost 80 99.9 percent times yes whoa
must be time to go swimmin qtp right
there hey hey are you ready to go where
are we going there's gonna be fun
are you a tiger why are you saying I
rambunctious
always figure that what's up alright
horsewoman
they always bet on which elevator yes we
are in Vegas to have swimsuits on that's
life jackets on you just take a sweater
dude two-time winner it's two to zero
you're always winning to dizzy
all right we're here
you excited Rocklin subsided I'll rule
oh yeah no screaming sort of no
cannonballs oh wow I mean well it's one
of those evenings man Golden Hour they
have some sort of blue / purple lights
under the pool that make it look magical
magical seriously check it out what are
you guys doing over there there's Brock
and Emmy swimming look at this this is
like a giant USB please
hold an hour hey beautiful
there's beautiful fourth coolers Dec
stand still in my glasses those my
classes Daxton thank you hey what you
guys doing mermaids
alright here we are swimming in the
swimming pool
Brooke Brock you havin a good time
what alright I think we're going to see
a cheer stunt here what's going on here
some sort of church
right
Oh
nice oh no that's water in the lids he's
gonna wet he is no way hey what are you
guys doing you're swimming Daxton sit
awesome get their very own hot tub with
the waterfall
Oh boom nailed it that's where it was
last time I got splash what there you go
you just came out of the water
Wow like two peas in a pod look at him
oh is that Popeye are all right what are
you doing I'm watching
yeah do one more time it'll be hurting
later alright alright that's today's
vlog what'd you think
did you like it was it good enough that
you would be willing to click on a
button for us would you click on that
thumbs up button can you even click on
that thumbs button one I'm sure you're
able because you got the dexterity the
dexterity the eyesight and the
fingertips but maybe you don't have a
youtube account maybe you haven't signed
up put a username in got a password
logged in as they say and so you don't
even have the ability to click that
clackety-clack like button I wonder that
why why don't you get a youtube account
it's free it's easy and then you can
interact here on the site because I have
found one of the craziest statistics of
our Google Analytics that has to do with
our Channel is that over 70 percent not
quite 70 percent but a majority of
people that watch the Shaytards logs
every single day are not subscribed to
our channel is that crazy
68 percent ish of you who watch I don't
know how you get here every day do you
just click on Shaytards is it you know
on your home page as you get on YouTube
I'm just always curious about that how
do you get to the Shaytards every day do
you have an app do you search it in your
phone I'm curious leave a comment and
sign up subscribe be part of the game
it's fun all right love you guys we'll
see you tomorrow um yeah leave a comment
leave a thumbs up we'll see okay bye
like back
