you've got the moves and the skills
you're on a mission to kill the world
with munch on your pity I'm impression
just what is
Thank You Shane and Katie their son
jarred and princess Carter may be tardy
Rock started now like what are you
crying about came true you know why
because we never quit we say want to do
something we work hard we never quit we
work and keep focusing time and effort
and then we achieve it there's a lot of
boxes there we have to shoot all those I
came in here we just like I had unloaded
them all and I came in and baby tart
engaged we're climbing all over like get
off the calendar so the calendars are
here should we show I don't know how
much show let's just show how big they
are they're covered by your guys's
pictures we tried to put as many as we
possibly could then we're gonna sign the
first 500 said we're gonna sign the
first 500 so me and mommy charge wears
those sharp no just meet you we're not
that's gonna be impossible sit down with
all these guys we do not have that kind
of patience so we show them one we'll
show them the very first okay we'll show
you January that's all you get to see if
you want one you have to go below and
get hold that up there's a cold January
2012 if we're still on this earth
because the world's gonna end
I think that might end in March actually
don't jump can't see okay so what do you
guys think this is it this is what the
calendars look like they're 12 inches by
12 inches and so basically you got two
feet of calendar they're two feet by one
foot this way
I know YouTube just changed so it
doesn't even have really have this look
anymore but this is a good thing it's
like time in our lives is a great
capture with a moment of our lives so
anyways yeah there's January 2012 and of
course has all the dates Shane :
sweaty anniversary grandma Tom's
birthday New Year's Martin Luther King
gay and then all of you if you got
select
that was don't be mad we just picked you
know who we thought looked good I can't
show you anymore
so anyways there it is there's the front
there's the back the calendars are here
and we're gonna start shipping them out
like ASAP so if you want one get it
below or gonna ship them out to you
limited time only calendar time what
well I'm gonna show you these a lot we
got new calendars today no we can't all
the way over here so shake hard oh my
goodness look at this house that's crazy
hi I think the camera smudge let me fix
it there is that better
I have a sleeping baby you're so
precious we've been very busy with the
calendars and getting packed and
everything to go to i/o that um I didn't
have time to make any dinner so we just
went and picked something up and you
fell asleep on the drive so he's going
to be a hungry baby when you mix up it's
got a scratch right here
a bump on the other side
I can make it guys I love you guys
we've been so busy then I haven't felt
like I've had time to just sit and go ah
you know and I think coming from a small
town and growing up in a small town
mentality I'm not used to like the
busyness of of this this life it's so
crazy sometimes but you know what
there's something amazing about it too I
think this time in my life I will look
back on and go wow those crazy times and
all changeless California when we had
all those kids and they're running
around and there's diapers and videos
going and just I don't know what I'm
talking about I sound like a weirdo
anyways honey words these are the
moments that make it all work these
moments right here that keeps raising
his hand you want to see something hard
your light is still shining you're not
sleeping in your sleepy time minute big
night it's in a class by yourself love
love love love to see a funny bitch oh
my goodness that's disgusting
slurp slurp sloth that's what kissing is
like never kiss every it's disgusting
it's like Oh rose we do it because we
have to is we're married we don't really
like doing that if you think we like
doing that
so tell us that part are you excited to
go well not home see I keep calling I'm
going to Idaho this is home we're going
to I know it for Christmas okay okay
excited I call Idaho do like home home
how come that that's where your roots
are huh where your roots are laid in the
state of Idaho whose name do you have
for Christmas Cage have you got another
present yet what do you want to get them
is that was you asking for me yeah
that's what is just well if these days
they think they know exactly what
they're getting for Christmas do you
guys know what you're getting for
Christmas I know sometimes I know or I
kind of have an idea what I'm getting
and sometimes I'm way surprised because
Shay has a way of surprising me I just
got a text
oh it's from Sophie our old babysitter
she's so sweet hi Sophie any girls old
so gonad hope in a few days and tomorrow
tomorrow the kids are performing in
their Christmas little what's it called
a Christmas program at school so we're
gonna have to film some of that fun this
fun-ness you know the funny thing is I
know somewhere in these vlogs there is
another
Christmas program of the children and
maybe even two there's probably a few
Christmas programs in our library of
vlogs there's probably so many things in
the library of vlogs that I've forgotten
about it'll be great to have like Oh
have like a shade tart Shaytards DVD set
dope it'd be like cover your whole room
wall
a DVD set of Shaytards I would love that
actually because it would be like a home
journal on video for me because I feel
like on the internet they kind of get
lost and I can't find them but if I have
them linked in my hand in a DVD set then
they would like be there forever but I
kind of feel like maybe DVDs are on
their way out like it will be better
just to have them in like a digital file
am I talking about this too much anyways
I'm just talking out loud talking about
what I would like for Christmas so any
of you want to make me a DVD set of my
whole entire life with my kids I would
be great good night whoops I push the
wrong button
okay now good night no it is your room
looks much better
you have Jim she's jumping oh my
goodness well at least I can see your
floor this is amazing and hopefully by
the time we get back our carpets will be
clean we're gonna have carpet cleaners
come in and clean this stands and still
filthy carpets any of those ladies are
you we were talking about we're going
back home to Idaho but back to no okay
friend sister we're talking about going
to Idaho for Christians whose name do
you have a peach are you do
hi oh how did you hear us you're so
smart you have like cat ears I'm smart
that's here well I don't even know
anything about cats I don't wanna die
what I know better than baby talk so you
don't know 100 plus 100 is oh really
oh it's 60 me it's 16 yo dude it's 49
okay stop yelling because they can't
hear you with me oh it's a weird attach
22 but they just so you all know 100
plus 100 is not 16 or 42 go go figure it
out and then get back to me okay kids
our heads
200 high-fibre what do you want to give
for christmas bye I picked some time and
- don't tell them we already bought it
yeah got it
why don't you tell them it's money we
wrap it up now we're gonna do the
wrapping tomorrow
oh okay are you guys ready we're gonna
be sorry
what's this one clubs general Jones and
the just number what I don't think
that's what it says
last Josie right lucky number good job
Josie and some lucky number good job I'm
your little reader and what are you got
here the ante nancy-pants think that's a
fun one
alright let's read some stories this is
a memory that I can say I've had I
remember my parents reading stories to
me at night and maybe not every night
but I remember often yeah I remember cuz
my dad he was the one that would my my
dad would be the one to like add all the
voices in add like character you would
add like voices to the characters in the
books and I loved it when my dad read
his stories mom was great too but it was
more exciting when dad read I love this
is the funny book we're reading the dr.
Seuss book would you rather be a
bullfrog would you rather be a bullfrog
and we read this one weird dude and tell
me would you rather be a table or a
chair I would be oh well I said I would
like to be a chair because then you can
help people when they want to rest and
she's that big well sit on your head so
sit on your head she looked at me funny
like but mom they'll sit on your head
you're right
I would probably want to be a table
because then I'll hold all the food and
the chocolate I'm being able of this
Jackson what would you rather be star
table
Sabo and now tell me would you rather
have green or purple hair a big purple
purple what would you be probably purple
thank you how about you guys okay here's
the next one
suppose you had to be a letter well then
which one would you be with you
rather be a curly one like Jay s or G
would you rather be a shock be like K Z
or V and Princess start says J babes
he's always in our life Thank You
Preston art is being very insightful the
next part says now tell me would you
rather be a window or a door and we were
both sitting here looking at this
thinking what would we rather be and
princess Hart said probably a window
because people look at you
or fog Lea door cuz you swing like when
you speak yeah that's true drop maybe a
window
very good they would spray me they would
spray the holes if it's if it's gross
statements goodbye faces okay what would
you rather be a window or a door I would
be a window how come cause day
because I can shut the curtains and you
can wear pretty curtains like a dress
well that is the end of my day this is
what I have to do next and I love you
guys that's a wrap that's a wrap
alright get the kids out of here and
then they're just wheel away the
bedrooms it's really just a big green
screen soundstage no this is actually
their life this is their family this is
their house oh quit texting me Mom I get
it you love me all right so uh yeah
yesterday's vlogs the left Shaytards
calendar update is to the right make
sure you get one now your name may just
get read on camera Shay made a video
about that feel free to click it I'm
gonna buy 17 calendars because I noticed
that April 5th had a certain special
date on there it's my birthday
spoiler teaser alert I didn't even know
that he's gonna put my birthday on April
5th okay this isn't about me this isn't
Brett TARDIS's Shaytards all right so
feel free to click the videos and I will
talk to you later
be well all right
and the video done and transmission okay
bye-bye
