happening calendars are being sent and
mommy tarde is signing them and it's
sloppy but it's me mine ya mind changes
every time let's see okay so here's
these are the first 500 we're sending
the further we're signing the first 500
so I've been trying to decide what pen
color I should go with I've been going
with black mostly mommy's heart is
selected purple as her color of choice
I'm gonna go with a blue this time and
see how it works out oh it kind of
matches this blue on the calendar you
guys like that whose calendar is this
one going to be Casey can you tell me
the person's first okay okay sorry Emily
here's your's is going there okay see ya
whose is this going to be this is the
blue and who rolls Bertha Robles from
San Diego this blue one is yours right
send them up so gauger you need to start
packing those boxes up dude why I like
your sweater bro our guy looks good on
you he did it why dude you look handsome
you got a good son their case he's
fighting the Argyle light at every
expense that's that that's the kind of
right know what that's called yeah it's
like an our neighbors rumbles there you
go yours is wait we should write just
drive that one down there so that would
be fun if for some of these week i bet
you we could find some that are close so
we just drive them to their house we
should do that i would be awesome
alright so we're packing them up let's
go let's go an orange one this time
Casey I need you to pick out whose
calendar this is going to be well this
makes no sense but this is a in Fresno
California yeah $30 10 that doesn't make
sense yeah we have these little shipping
codes on the labels that tell us like
where they're from like how much you
spent for shipping let me let we know
that it's so that might
yeah that's weird Fresno and it's a has
the code that it's supposed to go
international but anyways we'll figure
it out hopefully you all get your
calendars you will we have a really good
system Stewart actually has all the
names and we have like six differant
listed check double check and recheck so
we're right now we're just cited I'm
putting the the shipping labels on
putting them in the envelopes and
sending them off to you guys Oh kiss
that one kiss it yes with your chapstick
leave a smudge find a kiss your husband
yeah Casey Casey included himself in the
calendar this is this is casey's
contribution to the calendar and me up
into charge gets all right so Kayleigh
kissed Casey on this one all right so if
you wanna calendar um we basically we
rock we have this many that we're
shipping out there's a prize like mmm
thinking like 200 or 300 still left that
of those that aren't sold so if you guys
want one you better get it because the
printers aren't gonna be able to print
anymore until after January because the
holidays they have a lot of orders and
we just got ours and I'm just so glad
because they said they were just booked
so they're not gonna be able to print
anymore until like you know after the
new year so if you want one get one now
because they're probably sold out pretty
soon anyways thanks guys sending
calendars did hey who's that orange one
gonna be by the way I don't know if I
like the orange I still haven't found a
color that really pops for me who's
getting this orange one case once the
orange one who wants whose favorite
color is orange hey listen we got Sara
in California we have Lauren in
calculation California here's Ohio
Andrea from Ohio Sarah from Springfield
Missouri like orange let's give it to
Sarah I feel like Sarah likes from
Spring Springfield Missouri you're
getting the orange hair case they put
this one on an uncut that one that you
wanting to put it on the envelope and
then ready and then Kate I know I've
messed up the system I want this one to
crowd to the front of the line
and they're there i throw it in there
all right we're sending calendars mama
tired you're doing great have you signed
more than me know yep damn it I thank
all you sent all those good job
