you've got the moves and the skills
you're on a mission to kill the world
with munch on your pity I'm impression
just what is
Thank You Shane and Katie this SunGard
and princess garden may be tardy Rock
started now like I said up to a rock and
roll a Oh what no but your thing no
that's wrong just drink it yeah that's
the right way to do it well we are at
the car wash and we are just getting our
van clean because it's going to have a
special part in the music video check so
we need to have it nice and clean I'm
playing a dance with Carly Kaley
Michelle Danna Ali it's gonna be so fun
the practice last night and I don't
think I got any of it down so we'll see
how it goes tonight it's gonna be so fun
I've heard the rap it's all finished
this is the fun the project I loved
doing this I think it's so much fun
anyway but they're almost finished with
it we're almost ready to go we haven't
been here that long
we're just chillin on a Tuesday morning
just went to the gym and my box actually
for the first time worked out with a
trainer Carly Hayley and I and
just getting so wrapped art are you
excited to go to Idaho for Christmas and
see Grandma and Grandpa both sets of
grandmother boys huh it's not good to
you baby boy are you excited to go to
Idaho yes yes what are you gonna do in
Idaho TV I know you're gonna do that
okay
it's cotton candy ooh let's try it out
are you going to see Santa Claus no yeah
yeah what do you want for christmas you
want strawberry shortcake thick-cut
about peace and joy and laughter in love
in the world you are back
what about a warm home and nice warm
food for all the homeless people in the
world to come back baby don't you know
the meaning of Christmas isn't about the
strawberry shortcake yes it is mom don't
you know it's all about strawberry
shortcake and her little strawberry
friend what's your favorite separates
our kick off the orange one I think
that's trying to say I think he's saying
please right there let's teach our
Christmas by giving him a drink so it
may be tired maybe that'll be in the
selfish baby third all your books share
look I'm gonna share that chart nice
share with you on three of my dreams
every buddy listen I don't want anybody
to freak out right now okay but listen I
have an announcement I know it's pretty
exciting okay so just let's try to keep
it down do that something look after
that doesn't look like the lego book
that looks like a box of Lego's to me
let me see oh yeah dude you are a value
shopper my son you have gotten three
books in one or one big one and another
small and that looks folded what does it
talk about like teach you how to build
them and stuff what do you learn about
in this book of Legos I bet you it talks
about Legos yep sure enough there's some
Legos right there yeah there's one
that's cool holy crap it's like every
Lego ever made but you could spend a lot
of money with that well you get that one
all right I want you to get one that you
read - all right one that has words in
it look I think these ones have words in
them check it I don't know what words
are so you have to look more into that
Ventures of oh maybe they have a hair
gonna look for yeah check it one time
yeah look what I'm getting dude I'm
getting this book I found me one a
hundred people places and things that
will wow you I definitely agree that I
think there's some cool pictures in here
let's just see I'll show you one when we
go for baby turn that would be nice of
you
yeah pick her out something nice okay
okay hustle we got to go we have a shoot
tonight oh yes yeah I did my head - all
right there's naked men in here that is
just like all my I don't care cool I'm
excited about my new book find it what
is that about
bitch it's about a doll the adventures
of tintin hold read that book
recommendation from a friends never a
bad thing so you didn't get the Legos
book how come my friend oh wow you have
to let us know you have to give us a
book report would you get just two it
looks like you got two dozen book was
you decide on Peter little diary okay
what else that's the baby tard oh she is
gonna be so grateful
yeah excited to give it to her that'll
be cool all right let's go everybody get
in and daddy got this book daddy got
this book with naked dudes in it all
right that's great come on everybody in
the car I love my wife hey everybody
okay so we are getting ready to go to a
music video shoot for a t-mobile video
that we're doing because I'm such a
sellout what school you want to go to
Harvard or Yale huh yeah basically
so anyways they're dancing and Carly
Stiles let them all he is a dancing
queen I put her in charge of I said
Carly I need some dancing in this music
video I don't care what it is I don't
care what
where you're in charge do it so this is
hurt what's going from there chicken
like stop it that's inappropriate
there's children watching children
your aunt Carly your aunt Carly is what
we call a free spirit okay children just
don't ever look to her Carly I wish I
had an aunt Carly she's a great aunt
right rock tart huh new dishes okay if
you looked at tall hot blonde type that
can dance
Oh easy-cheesy on the soccer plane in
the Casa hey bro I need you to do me a
favor and dip those uh the dog food out
here in the garage can you help me out
there dog food on key deep and fertile
it's pull me back will you put that the
garage next to his food Brougham
sunshine yo yeah just go put it by this
thing that's your shirt for today he has
a chore
nice ladies looked in looking good for
the record I think he likes it
he likes the song like the song look
look what I got ha ha ha ha ha
Oh My heavens check her out links
nowhere yeah sure bro go ahead get in if
you give me a ride in your Lambo you're
lamke they're so loud they sound like
jets I don't think I would like them
because they're like Wang it sounds like
a lawnmower almost like dude you're
freaking Glenn that reminds me of this
little motorcycle is like a moped that
me and KC had that it was like had this
like it didn't have a muffler on this
was it really like loud like that this
moped reminds you of the Lamborghini
that let's see that $250,000 car reminds
me of this $500 moped I haven't had the
sound of that whoa dude he's got the GI
on the side fly here we are just
enjoying our local 405 where we come and
admire everybody in Los Angeles's cars
oh you got a Range Rover oh oh you got a
Mercedes oh that's Alexis
Oh sweetie the Beemer oh cool a
Lamborghini there's a link in yeah
everybody has nice cars it's it's just
fun just sitting in this traffic is
ready centaur has his new book that he
got at the book fair today gonna be
reading this on set today we're headed
up right now to go to the shoot for this
music video we're all excited about
because our buddy hi Ron came through
and made this sweet song that he helped
us record at last night so we're super
pumped and the girls I'm excited about
your dance how do you feel about it I
feel really rough but that's okay I
think it's gonna look good
is it gonna be to se XY yeah you guys
are fully clothed I'm just admiring your
dancing skills mother I love you we have
arrived at the location for the video
all the total slow semi Neos are here
dude Dave are you like sure my legs we
went running in the sand today my all my
calves are so bad now your circus really
I like your bag dude he's pretty it's
sparkly you're so beautiful you're
beautiful beautiful arson so they drove
the van up
there's Carly Maria you guys ready to
dance Carly is your dance created as my
girls better be on their a-game that's
why I got a pair they're getting quick
we go alright the studio Centaurs cold
it's getting cold
there's old danna-banana that's mommy
abuse easy hey John yeah your
walkie-talkie bro Tim this is John over
GEB big momma
Hey Metrolink check out the news Jake on
video we gotta Trish's where do you
wanna see me in the light I'm wearing
smokers you have the smokiest of all the
eyes there's smoke what make sure I saw
smoke
alright so we're shooting right out here
the ladies are gonna dance we'll show
you I'm excited
okay see we want to give us a little
taste of what we got to look forward to
okay this one nice we need a lot of that
going on and you guys this is the first
time that I have worn my own shoe how
crazy is that
Jose look at my hat so I was just saying
to these guys how crazy it is that I'm
on I'm wearing my own shoes shaycarl
shoes you know my favorite part about it
though it's with my all my family and
we're all rappers wear shoes you got
yours on bro bro do they rent this this
is this is this whose car is this Tim
they rented it no that's why some acres
and make it rain stop it oh here comes
this is the van oh this is gonna be the
greatest yeah this is our van this is
the main thing of the whole shoot is the
van whoo we might ruin the shots on this
thing tonight we're gonna get this thing
rocking dude I think we should get on
the back and just like make it like
bounce I wanted to get some hydraulic
he's like behind the wheel totally and
it's just like bouncing yeah it's a new
pair of chucks
yeah just we balance on it you know
it'll bounce it'll look sweet let's see
the Hat did yeah
I like your votes man those are very
stylish meet you all right so the ladies
are in their costumes they're practicing
advanced making sure they how about you
doesn't have a cool-down session I am
now in my costume I have been asked to
be referred to only as drape for the
rest of the video shoot hi Carrie hey
what's up Kaley yeah it's just me yeah
yeah yeah they know they know yeah yeah
they know what then a Foley savor that
gasps I got a paper her class annual
contract that's how I do my phony let's
go through the drive-thru and I'll do
some koni koni koni hotness and
hairspray
Timoteo get out of the way of hotness
and hairspray
there's some serious dancing going on
you can't stop it like it ladies looking
amazing this is my favorite one right
here Mike that's my favorite I love him
he's my favorite producer that's my
favorite oh look at this one I like your
hair babe what are you doing dog okay
listen I want you to call me Drake okay
my name is Drake my name is drake thank
you
let me see how that's your heavens this
is how Carly's gonna get out of the van
hey I'm here pick up my heels on
rock-hard
okay so you all have your own moment to
shine coming out of the van look at
right-back dude where's your blinker bro
hey you driving where you get it where
you headed drive these ladies around hey
hey where's your driver's license I need
license and registration license and
registration
huh and it's your driving at night do
you have your night license I'm gonna
give your night license young man yeah I
definitely know you know oh I need those
actually thank you we're gonna do a shot
in the video where I hit this button and
the door opens and then all these hot
hotness walks out the hotness and
hairspray clan
oh you're on top of a vehicle good luck
a good movie
yeah face disrupt our face he wanted to
get up here he's not afraid of heights
him and predator nor the fearless oh oh
very nice job Michigan probably grapple
speaking of which all of the calendars
tomorrow morning start shipping out
Twitter which will already we will have
them right now when you see this yes
yeah we're shipping them right now as
you're watching this therapy and
yeah there's some post office right now
it private private like I said call me
Drake yeah they know I was going to
calendar they know they know they all
right obey Allah's they're trying to get
the frame ready show so now you want all
the girls in now or you want him in the
van forget the ready for do me do me
bulgy holding for me
so we're still at this shoot I turn on
the lights to guess where baby that's
all right that's a wrap good job
everybody
everybody did a great job on today's
shoot oh don't forget the SC beard turd
Supremes
I gotta get you a pair
Rudo
Wow
that's what it's like having kids hey
let's go - hi my name is Brett and I
scream like a girl
alright so if you guys haven't seen the
surfing and skiing episode of shayloss
that is to the left also mom's view is
to the right if you really want to know
what it's like to be a mom and raising
children and wanting them to not grow up
so fast that you actually discourage
them from walking I actually just
watched that episode I think it's kind
of interesting and also I have to go I
can't keep talking on this I have to go
stuff calendars into envelopes or I will
get fired forever alright I think I'm
starting to talk like Shay or maybe not
alright I'll talk to you later bye
