Oh
and the shame
hey everybody oh there's totally
something on the screen sorry I'm here
I'm gonna lick that's disgusting I'm
sorry I just sucked kids come on pick up
your feet come on clean up
granny's coming over okay that was
really dumb sorry really do you think
I'm dumb no honey you make you I'm
hilarious yeah we are looking for
Christmas presents for our children and
it's really hard to figure out what what
to get them because they want everything
and there's tons of stuff so how do you
decide I say buy it all every row give
me every row and buying out Target guys
so I'm walking down the aisle and these
things keep talking to me okay now what
do it I started walking down the aisle
and when you walk past these things they
make a noise now they're not working
okay never mind it really did happen I
promise and it scared me and we laughed
and I didn't have it on camera so it's
not as cool anymore what's this what
what is it I don't understand what's
happening what is this stop what is it
is it raining rain turn around you're in
trouble
seriously with this light it almost
looks like those are Standex you have to
promise to sing as loud as you can I
want to see a musical operation to
Seattle
that's Brad Seattle because I Joe I told
ya I told them on rainy days he doesn't
have to edit okay so he said let's move
all of our operations yeah so that's our
hey tell out that's how we communicate
hey tell us do we promoted them so much
seriously hey tell hey it's like one of
those things where it's just like a
product that I genuinely use and like
liking this product they've actually
given us some free by the cocoa anyways
um so we the reason he's hate telling me
is because he's waiting for footage from
yesterday you guys are seeing this today
but yesterday the one tanker where we
didn't have any footage he's asking for
footage and I'm like I don't have any
dude cuz it was Sunday and I didn't
record any so now it's Monday and Brett
wants the footage to edit and I don't
have any it's like so I told him that
we're probably making a one taker in
target where we're gonna go shopping
where we're gonna chop up well see these
people already know you guys already
know and where we went shopping because
you saw because we're gonna make them
yeah we don't even know right now as
you're watching this you know what we
did yesterday but we don't even know
that's a funny little you don't know
right now but we'll know tomorrow when
you know right yes that's exactly the
right way to say it we don't know no but
we'll know before you know but I don't
know why you're watching this but you
don't I know that
do you understand that that's exactly
right we don't know yet but you know now
watching this but we will have known
before you ever even watch this does
that make sense Tim Davis it's a
bloggers joke I guess anyways unrelated
note um I am wearing as title Panthers
mommy tartar cysts and the way they size
these pants was like I had to I already
had to buy a bigger size and I normally
wear so I was like okay I can't go
bigger I tried him on this one it was
like this you mean you painted them on
this morning I can get it no I swear it
you look like an elf with those boots so
hey these are my boots with the fur that
you actually bought me boots with the
fur oh I did huh are these uggs I was
proud that I bought these for you cuz
they're freaking expensive bugs are
expensive oh yeah I get me that stare I
got I got a few ideas
eg is alright so we are getting ready to
our podcast if you guys haven't seen the
podcast you can go download it links
below and you can
- it on iTunes for free what are you
mixing in their raw epic rap battle of
history being mixed in the next room at
maker studios it strings are going down
your song damn yo word epic rap battle
I'm gonna be the next one right no great
I've actually get you in 1 Peter mama
car wants to be an epic rap battle in an
ER be Peter mega I would be a clean one
no no no those words who would you be
could you be in history well who would
mommy tard make a good historic figure
quick cleaning on the stink Queen of the
Nile Queen of the Nile
also don't onesie my tell who our guest
is today
so Qasim is gonna come in and be a guest
today on the podcast of when the kids go
to sleep so all you wolf fans out there
be sure to date this can be episode like
a teen ruff is up is 15 season yeah I
think this would be episode 18 with
Kassem G so we're just setting up for
the podcast and cast him on his way in
right now on his way in studio and you
stole my hat that seriously was making
my head filled no it was like too tight
I took it off and I like start
scratching my head and my head was like
anyway in my head I'm like oh it's too
tight doctor probably not a good time
yeah you think yeah when your head too
numb because your change your half you
guys it was too tight oh yeah Peter 1
what did you walk over here you have to
there's puddles everywhere yeah what is
it still raining this is still raining
go take your raincoat off and come sit
down dude we got you a seat you get to
sit higher than everybody else because
you're the king
you're the king Gino painting Casey's a
king JC the king - I love it yeah if you
guys haven't seen that video yet you'll
see it someday I don't know it went at
the timeline where this okay so link
here pizza will let you know about it oh
it's not up this is the vlog definitely
is not up it's definitely not up this is
going up tomorrow it's definitely not up
but it's getting confused yeah I'm like
what gives all right we're gonna do this
podcast
check it out you guys bye what do you
point at Alessandra let you in never
know you have to title underneath let's
mix me officer
he'll punch her in the nose will you
tell her she can come in and she gets
you a coffee that's not nice
that's not tickle tickle tickle tickle
hey boss what's on the list what's on
the what's on the to-do list it's so
much today
you got let's see her frigging planet in
my pleasure what you want to see oh this
planners look like I started working for
you I think we should I don't think
we've ever really explained how you work
for us how look what she's our personal
have you planned Oh many things I
basically work for Ally
I am her shoe if I ever have to know
what Shay's schedule is I don't call
Shay I call le Cheyne ever notice like I
don't know ask you ask anyway so yeah
what a slut are you out of your next
tomorrow shoot kids attire this is the
fun part
okay the tire and mom's attire is black
leggings white shirt and we all have to
choreograph lebar right we're gonna have
to shop i just informed mommy car that
she has to be in a music video that's
gonna be on my HMO dancing tomorrow and
she's not excited Carly is making a
dance routine who's going to be in it
Carly hairspray Mohonasen say hairspray
clan yeah they're all done you know
Colette Caylee Nia I haven't asked her
yet because it depended depends on
whether you Lisa what Lisa do it with
Lisa do it we the world like yesterday
before the world oh and all the hottest
women on YouTube the world but in a
music video
yes I need more hot women but yeah let's
pour geez deserve it baby
that's rhinorrhea Hey how was school
this is a good what you learn to that
adverbs adverbs in second grade holy
crapola what's an adverb an adverb
describes an action an action like what
kind of action I like running what's an
action an action is like running an
action is a verb right where's a verb a
verb is an action an action nope it
describes
describes an action on adverb described
by a verb is just an action like running
or swimming or punching you in the face
is that a petticoat that's that call
what are you doing there record so all
these cookies up my mom made
so all these cookies my mom made
obviously I'm sure that I can sell out
all these cookies my mom made what is it
this your wish list wish list over wish
like hair inter-school mini composition
notebook $2.99 well we'll see about that
there's all that that what's that
holiday coming up I can't remember
what's it called is Hanukkah yeah are we
Jewish okay
Happy Hanukkah Happy Hanukkah everybody
we love you okay so centaur told me
something he learned in school today I
want you to tell me something you
learned in school you think of anything
1,000 million Julianne billion what is
that what is that I don't know that's
anything really what you learned in
school today
anything what it's Justin Bieber
backpack that's all the matters I guess
Oh punching the Biebs is that your verse
nice so Carly let's hear your teat
you're learning to dance to this song
let's see let's see the dance to this
arms show me to Carly's up doing a dance
for this song cruel me my kids when I
take
yeah no I'm just do it thank you let's
see you do it okay so we're going to lay
the tracks right now for our song or rap
the four G's here four G's Kaylee's all
yeah yeah
oh boy oh boy did you miss me
oh he's all excited excited see uncle
Casey I think he's excited about the
rain
oh sure Papa yeah let's see I'm right
around Oh women see Mara oh no isn't he
in the mud don't fancy Molokai no you
can't come inside Casey levere outside
you know del one melts I just trap them
inside now just okay he knows he's
leaving he's like I don't want to go
outside
oh I'll take that data when is your
channel launching on the 15th that
Thursday that Thursday what's today his
Monday look check out danna-banana her
channels launching it's gonna be sweet I
was I watched I walked through maker and
I saw him editing your Christmas one
with all the presents yeah that's nice
that's right Ali's yeah answer-there hi
ha ha ha ha look who's here I'm walking
here
yeah hold your cameras yeah I guess like
that whoa what you going on there you
got a third something good you want that
and Carly and Danna and Kaylee and Ali
engage II like her my Baba clean it up
we are here practicing for okay
Shayne Casey them are doing that rap I
don't know if I told you guys I think I
told you guys I think it's in this vlog
I don't really know ha but anyways
they're doing a rap and we're dancing to
it Carly Stiles just choreograph the
most awesomest dance it's kind of like
the unfinished no purpose really drunk
my fiancee up let's do intial them hello
these can we show you how to do yeah I'm
gonna go like this
it's really really frustrating when you
are a mother of four kids
you start to move like that you're like
I forgot that my body used to do that
and now it moves like this anyway that's
what we're doing are you excited to see
it go check it out we'll tell you what
it's awesome I don't know what it is
okay
all right here we are at the hi i'm ron
studio hi i'm ron studios here ah son
card is about to lay down a fat track
you know I always get the tightest
rappers the tightest ram wah-wah-wah
there's your verse dude you ready their
latest track down this is your first rap
album ever produced by hi I'm Ron
production highest quality equipment
here yeah kick it you're any sundar you
already kicked this son time we go yeah
they called me down to town with no one
in my crew when by my crew I mean my
kids when I take them to school cool I
got them rollerblades and a fanny
just to hold my shades that snacks in
the back meat butter and grapes in case
it's one of cranky days said buttercream
just got your level okay cool you got up
let's do that again it's hard to say
those words so fast yeah they called me
down that's how I'm known in my crew and
by my crew I mean my kids when I take
them to school I'm cool I got them
rollerblades and a fanny pack too so all
my shades got snacks in the back you nut
butter and grapes in case it's one of
the cranky days what are you doing are
you a cop
but back back back what are you doing
you're dancing in your cat is in the
bathroom today Vance oh can you show me
the dance I'm ready I'm ready
show us your dance you're doing so good
I'm so proud of you hey I'm ready you're
not gonna do it okay doing a competition
okay
it's like toddlers and tiaras in here I
don't know what to do are you ready I'm
ready to see somebody do something hey
you ready to show me your dance you
ready to show me your dear okay I'm
ready okay wait wait wait for baby's
hard to be ready wait wait hi
we're Marmara anyways
good job you guys even got after that
Aquabats it okay you do your competition
and go back downstairs okay let's go
downstairs you're ready my task is
shaking them hips and rock guard he is
having the time of his life he's been
dancing just as much as big arm come on
drop trou show us your big arms I think
of those like that yes just put your
hand behind your head that works here do
I was filming didn't you she started to
be Sufi she is doing it really serious I
think she's singing the song from
Victoria Victoria it sounds like the
Disney Channel or Nickelodeon or one of
them singing everything okay Carly
Stiles has put together a little I'm
just going to show a little smidgen a
little smidgen smidgen I'm impressed -
this is pretty last second that I gave
you I said make me a dance by tomorrow
go you did a great job girls
eight janna daughters you guys gonna
dance to this or that where's Casey okay
let's see it I'm ready this for a new
music video that we're doing for the
door cheese Ali are you in this kitchen
dancing but over here
you need to move over girly without yet
where to start
she's playing it up she does the cameras
on totally put it away all right let's
see this dance go hit it and so me bitch
yeah and that's princess dart for you
what's going on guys my name is Brett
and I edit the shaders and you watch the
shaders and J shoots the Shaytards and
sometimes princess start shoots it too
first I want to say thanks for watching
because if you didn't I wouldn't have a
job
second I want to talk about the vlog
yesterday because it wasn't there and
I'm sure you're curious about it and as
you heard earlier we're trying to get
footage and you know Shaytards just gets
really busy doing lots of things like
right now Jays on set shaking his butt
and rapping we're just trying to get out
vlogs every single day it's a daily vlog
battle and I think we're winning the war
you know just yesterday the vlog didn't
go up and trust me and Shea definitely
felt that he was upset about it and we
were hate telling and his voice just he
sounded you know frustrated and he's
like you know we're just not going to
get one up today and it really like
affects him and I know it does and as
his friend I know that he wants to
please you guys all the time like 24/7
on Twitter on the comments on vlogs and
it just didn't happen yesterday so we
would thank you for your loyalty and
understanding and tomorrow daily vlogs
back up let's go let's do it
the Edit alright catch you later guys
bye
