that we should there's a baby crawling
okay so these represent all the things
in our life that we should always do to
put my father first okay so like what
are the really basic answers what should
we do what's good just hey Kylie okay
how about what do you do before you go
to bed brush your teeth brush your teeth
what do you read maybe that was good you
read the scriptures okay
so safe family prayer do good things
help other people that's all this stuff
is okay and this is all the fun stuff
that we like to do in our life that
takes up all of our time because watch
movies I like to watch movies you to
make out go to Disneyland what you say
mommy turn didn't want us to Nicola we
lost princess card will tell you
sometime maybe the podcast and now it's
out okay anyways throw that baby out of
here this is not rock card this is a
different baby mm-hmm
he's a cutie Libby okay so let's do all
the things that we want to do first and
see how it all works out this represents
our time okay so let's say
watch TV go to the beach there's no time
to be nice here friends sorry I don't
have time
shirt down my way you know maybe the
white stuffs not just fun but it could
be work you know I'm kind of a victim of
this because I've worked like three
full-time equivalent jobs like I'm not
playing and I have no time it just
represents stuff that gets in the way of
us living our lives you better do your
homework first thing mr. kalimera taught
me that he taught me the in fifth grade
he said the most important thing to do
right when you go home do your homework
very first
he should know that he had mr. K he did
yeah I remember mr. K okay so there's a
scripture of those when when Christ was
was here he said if you put him first
everything else would be able to work
out okay so that's the whole idea of
this lesson it's 35 1333 it's also in
the Bible and when he's on the Sermon on
the Mount he says seek ye first the
kingdom of God and all these things and
His righteousness and all these things
shall be added unto you so what what is
all this stuff guys good okay say your
prayers read your scriptures do what's
right help people and so let's see can
we do any fun stuff is there any room
left
I hope it fits I want to go to the movie
first you still can do all the sugar
stuff and there's time optical illusion
to make you be good people
did it work the center's like yeah I
want to be a better person now yeah good
that's putting the noodles first she's
already put in the noodles first not a
girl she's learned her lesson we think
maybe stars that cool did you get it did
you get it you don't get it well you
look pretty at least it's very pretty in
that dress
hey guys one takes only one take some
does one take Sunday are you freaking
out yet I'm an atheist um okay so I
thought that would be an interesting
video just to show you guys that was our
home teacher that's a guy from our
church he's just a regular member of our
church like we are he's a friend of ours
and he just does a thing called home
teaching where they come and teach a
little lesson to the kids and you know
just see how you're doing because it's
like the way that our church is set up
is like we're in this boundary that's
called a ward and so it's like it's just
like an inner kind of system of like
communicating with its members anyway so
what's up one take Sunday today we're
just getting ready to go I hope you guys
don't I know I I know some of you were
gonna freak out about the religious
thing but I wanted to talk about it a
little bit because what I realized is a
lot of the questions that you guys have
asked us like about like our notice like
the way that we live our lives with you
know our relationships and things that
we believe and why you know a lot of
people who are saying like well how are
you so happy in this stuff well a lot of
the answers to those questions are based
on our beliefs and like this religion
that we belong to so I don't talk about
it very often I know I think pretty much
most of you know that we're Mormon or
more members of the Church of Jesus
Christ of Latter day Saints I don't know
if you know that and I usually don't
bring it up very often because I know
that's not what YouTube's
for or about you know to sit here and
talk to about my religion but it's it's
off I mean I just want to like let you
know I mean I don't know if you care
whatever just anyways I just thought I'd
let you okay so one take Sunday how long
is this seven and a half minutes that's
pretty darn good anyways here let me
show you what I'm doing I'll show you
right now hey do this
I just called my brother Logan and I
said dude you better be ready when I get
back there because I'm gonna drag your
freakin butt all over that mountain
check it out
so my new Volcom ski gloves so packing
up my bag because I'm gonna be skiing
everyday that's
