when you start yes that's rock abvp and
he ain't gonna stop CML sand all the
time with the big slob get this baby
that will see in a while when baby
towards lawn when she takes a bath three
years old so you do the math anything's
possible baby tard front cover of James
Bond's album art yeah
mrs. tardes she's fabulous life with the
song she's extravagant and she might get
a bit hyper at times but I guess that it
runs in the family line and son talk man
full of funk and soul souls move
whenever the music says go dance all the
time yeah dance of man and a dance you
dreamed it across the land and we got
blue heads of the house one was like
line one squeaks like a mouse with the
love blue keep your screen
Jake our kitty let katas of team win
mami tardes a winner winner winner
winner with my hot box out of that muck
curly are you putting your makeup on
what's this dog's name besides annoy
annoy this dog bites like razor-sharp
teeth bites through your skin denim rock
tard you get him Casey that's a pretty
sick jacket Casey or do that jacket I
bought it is not the one that you got
today yeah we went to Volcom today Ethan
hook this up check out my new outfit
rethink and listen you guys I have a
very exciting announcement and we were
talking about with them today I know I
texted my friend Derek this picture of
me wearing the stuff and he said I never
thought I'd see the day when shows were
in skinny jean I'm like about that
skinny darling it's my new outfit this
smells like a daring look for me today
Andrew when we were at Volcom today
Andrew goes he says have you ever worn
pants yes I guess like I always wear
shorts but we're pants by doing I am
exciting
knows you guys there's a shaycarl Volcom
shirt collaboration and the works and
that's the Volcom stone you'll have to
I'll leave a link below where you can go
anyways yeah big sighting news I'll put
a link below if you want to go look at
this picture they're not out yet but uh
we're in the works so this is like the
early designs oh here's another one way
let's see there so um mmm
anyways there's a bunch of them okay so
we're gonna go shopping for Christmas
present I get something like my own
honey yeah nobody got money they're
gonna buy a present for somebody hey
what are we gonna do to donate I was
just thinking we needed to do I get 12
days of Christmas this year we should do
you need do you need are you name I
think you have sufficient for your needs
it looks as if you may have sufficient
for your needs here how many pushups can
you do rock card
look at how cute he is he's such a cute
little bunny baby your cute little bunny
baby we can't tell you can you can
what's the secret you have to do it
anonymously yeah
not asleep nobody knows we're gonna do
it see the little special thing
oh hi button nose Anna
Oh rusty the Snowman oh hey so who wins
are being more obnoxious I thought it
was he was being it was beautiful was
that okay I was in the girl-on-girl fun
so that means you did win the obnoxious
good job right right yeah okay hold on
we have to get to the most we can go
Christmas shopping
pretty girls shaycarl listen we're
serious Christmas all right
yes it does limit drugs crime exciting I
like your pants the first time I've worn
patch the last three and a half years
it's true oh I always have to save my
people my people my children my family
my people I don't know that's better I
think I've worn pants like church pants
yeah but those are the skinniest pants
you boys are the skinnies pants I
probably ever worn it
other than when I wear your pants I like
to wear your pants too baby yeah you
know a tart pan all right we're going
for the shopping here we go with the
whole thing together having a good toy
in present time ho ho ho
Dada
I believe this may be voted number one
most colorful store in all of the mall
it's very colorful holy crap so rainbow
it's an avalanche of colors as colors
come in like an avalanche falling down
the mountain what are you getting here
shopping for to like to know beauty
petunia everything are you shopping for
I would say yes your knees yeah dude no
it's all right that's that's that's not
mine that's not my son I'm not sure
inappropriate young man hit appropriate
but hilarious that is not nice calling
good you're just being a show-off
melonchek when you see in their day a
little shop shopping for Captain
Underpants is the next book series you
wanna read yet I can't believe you're
almost totally finished with those other
ones what are they called diary of a
dorky dude are they called diary of a
dorky dude
diary of a dorky dude that's a new
series I'm right and check it out links
below it's called diary of a dorky dude
it's a life story about me growing up in
the dorkiness that you call my life what
up word in the G Funk era what am i this
son tard I think he wants to buy this as
his next like book series you want me to
buy something just anything you didn't
kill it it is what the imprints a start
I would I buy you a debugger don't put
their nose on the star sad just gonna
see picking your nose yeah yeah you're
definitely the Santa Harry the target
fairy just sided do that now you're
busted I getting these dude here let's
see it running to a trick
cool trick I think we closed them all
out nobody here everybody left for the
day
mommy turn I think you could probably do
a pretty good cartwheel if you tried
I like how you don't even think about it
you just throw the you're on page 14 of
your new book already nice what princess
tard all right let's see this let me
turn to wow you're getting serious I
want to see the best part well ever
beautiful not as beautiful babe
great quite well in the mall at
nighttime I won't run you over
okay Shay it's your turn show us your
best biggest beautifulest
I love your necklace
here's sounds real you truly are amazing
my knob under my seat back didn't care
for balls I made I'll never be able to
run it wait wait stand there and turn
right turn your head now stick your lips
out a little closer all you're getting a
nostril
hahahaha
that's gross you say fabulous see really
are just so popular I'm just back hit
the camera on you until you do something
amazing I'm just gonna keep the cat oh
good job baby tard oh hey look at you
what are you doing you're all on the
floor you're crazy this is what we do in
the mall closes we just stay here as
long as they'll let us until they kick
us out and see the security guard look
Janice concerned
we better go I don't think so I think
I'm done wasting money on the old
hurricane simulator how much money as we
put spent on one of these
it's too but how many times a week went
on a hurricane it's a lot of hurricanes
you guys can find eight quarters you can
go on the hurricane simulator hurricane
or Shira hara hurricane hurricane why I
don't know why I'm saying spirit cane
what Oh
Sun tart flashing the cash do you have
two dollars you sure that's what you
want to use your money on that a wise
choice what's that I don't know two
bucks is a lot of money dude just for
some fake wind I'm sure that's a wise
choice it's up to you man don't be peer
pressured into it though hahaha talked
him out of it alright let's go let's go
come on
pretty sure hurry I'll turn the air
conditioner up really high in the car
we'll even roll down the windows it'll
be exciting oh hey that's exciting well
anyways here we go
you're a beautiful woman I like your new
coat yeah I got it oh snap yeah
nice get off the ground and quit riding
in pain that was saying it was an
accident it was it was an exciting
moment so many exciting run your I poke
at you said do not listen to me
yep
hey Jim P McGillicuddy where's that what
your leg hurts right here okay is it
better it was really helpful bad Thanks
thanks dad
oh she's waiting we should yell at her
there's cars Hey
ah he think it's a buddy
we are communicating rah-rah-rah
okay how about that boo boo do you order
whatever whatever
Hey
it says right boys
your face is getting red you're building
your lung strength bro yeah
thank you I can be a tiger and have a
big voice my name is Rob q did you level
again not good all right I apologize
let's turn it off now okay see you ha
it's almost at that point words no even
shoot anymore I don't know what do you
guys think what excuse was an obnoxious
swan rock guard wench claiming hey guys
listen I wanted to talk to you about the
calendars now that we're here in the
inside so I guess there's a special time
or maybe not a lot of you are even here
right now in red is angry because I'm
talking so long as it's going to take
longer to export this anyways I love you
guys the calendars we're gonna start
shipping their money Wednesday I just
found out that from our printers now
we're gonna get the proof for the first
one on Tuesday to approve and then we're
gonna give them all underwear start
shipping so they should be there before
Christmas for most of you if you have
find a calendar if you want to get one
trust me they're going to look good
they're going to get you guys we just
had a little snafu on my printing issue
but we're in the process you guys thanks
buddy
too much fine okay
