we'll see ya
yard thinks it's funny she's gonna be so
in trouble now she's like just a random
afternoon
sorry Danny sent a text he's sending it
sex too
nobody tagged oh don't go away hey Stacy
you're gonna come over oh crap I getting
another call oh crap it's Diane
hey you like that phone you know wipe
your boogers all over the icky fat dude
you can't send snot messages I know what
you think we're all sick thanks
rock-hard Stuart you're gonna take it
back to Canada I gotta shoot me right
now because I'm looking at the purpose
shirt at the kicks the size 14 do do we
make the SC beard chart Supremes in size
14 I think he said ya know 14 is
life-size which F it's me that's 14 okay
because I want you to be rocking a pair
dude I am you know we're for the lighter
the lighter pair I would like the light
blue ones yeah oh okay where are the
kids I forgot mommy turn Judy and I've
to go get the kids
thank you okay let's go get the kids hey
guys okay we're in the track on any of
the kids and I was just thinking about
my glorious Locks of Love that you all
hate I want to make a deal with you okay
let's make a deal just listen to hear me
out here okay here's what I wanna do for
my Christmas present that you guys give
to me I want you to let me keep my hair
laughs until Christmas Day and then for
my present to you I will cut my hair on
Christmas Day however you want me to
they will do a live show I'll shave it
all Bickett you know I could just do
like a crew cotton or whatever maybe
we'll do like a poll and you guys could
vote how I freaking cut my hair I don't
know why you guys care so much about my
luscious locks but it seems to be in the
comments along your hair and now I'm not
trying to sell you timeshares
Kassem G but listen I have a really
great opportunity in Boca Raton okay so
coming back anyway so do you guys think
I just like cool long hair I'm gonna be
honest with you Kay let's just get
point-blank why my hair is still long I
think it looks good dudes like Dave
Grohl and like you know freakin Kurt
Cobain with their long hair grunge look
I think looks really cool
whenever I frickin watch a Foo Fighters
live show or when I was in Chicago at
Lollapalooza and got the opportunity of
a lifetime to see Dave Grohl play live
on stage with sheets of rain pouring
down on us Brett cut to that footage
real quick okay sliding everywhere so
this is gonna be the war zone right here
I think Dave Grohl is like one of the
coolest looking dudes out there and so
it's like I want to like to have that
look a little bit that's honestly like
the true reason why I'm having my hair
long anyway so let's have that agreement
what do you guys think okay just give me
a few more weeks of long hair and just
trying to feel like cool dude and even
leave it in the comments you like Shay
your hair looks so cool today
I bet you Dave Grohl would love it and
then for my present to you on Christmas
will cut it however you want maybe I'll
even shave something into it like Shay
when I was a kid actually in fifth grade
I shaved Shay USA into the back of my
head I don't know why no no no I just
shaved USA and then my fifth grade
teacher kept calling me Shay USA
I don't know anyways okay so Laura pick
up the kids let's go Hey look I got
their name yells from the escuela de la
learn that knowledge how to score boots
oh you learned another language do the
public school systems here are really
good you'd be surprised what hey where's
your seat belt really we're about to
punch you in the noggin get it on put
your seat belt on before I'm not moving
this truck low your seat belts on get it
on yeah the rules mister who's this
who's this who's that oh yeah who's this
guy who's this lad right here who's this
gentleman
oh I've limited gravity
you will swim in this box you
you boss look at the miniature there's a
miniature one you're going from Beach
egq that's what they're doing in the
look for you tomorrow
oh that is dude look at this look at
this freaking moon tonight the moon
looks gorgeous so oh that's the makeover
for the mom's view and Moon is amazing
look they're shooting something right
here
like there's like cops but there's like
a video cameras are you doing nothing
curtis pitts party it's beach party is
having some delicious feet big carp ears
big carp and okay everybody so sundered
you want to explain what happened here
Brett go to the footage oh we're doing
it slow motion now don't bring it back
and forth real quick your phaser yeah
it's killing me bro
boom Shakalaka got him on now
yeah you look dumb now huh and she eats
more of the ranch
are you dipping is that you're not
dipping that in a ranch are you no dude
that's your cinnamon stick you don't dip
your ranch in us and what are you doing
get everything Casey what how are you
she's dipping her cinnamon stick in the
ranch baby tard
what are you doing this do you really
like that you like the face huh why
we're and cinnamon sticks I don't know
about that you guys think about the
ranch and cinnamon stick thing I think
it's pretty good and there's the vlog
everyone enjoy it
ladies right now I'm being joined by hey
Kaylee Carly Stiles and Katie left so
what do you want to talk about today on
the Senate slave super on the loose oh
so you guys are here just to use a
shader well it sounds like Kaylee's the
oh yeah if you guys want pizza feel free
to come and I think that pizzas in the
description below also I like the moms
view is to the right and yesterday's
vlog is to the left
