just follow along to the thing Shay's
head to the Bing Shay - let his cool
he's working here
good morning it is an early day at 6:30
a.m. and we are doing something today
that I've never done before in my life
and I look bad that a majority of you
have never done in your life even today
we are gonna try what is said to be
almost impossible we are gonna go skiing
and surfing in the same day it's gonna
be crazy I don't know why we're going
surfing first we're going surfing right
now at 6:30 in the morning man that
wetsuit better hold the warmth and I've
been storing up all my pee so that when
I'm freezing my butt off out there I
could use some of my urine to stay warm
so I'm going to pick up Casey and then
we're meeting the whole crew at maker
studios and we're going surfing and
skiing today in the same day it's gonna
be a crazy day so come on what's wrong
with you know some of you don't know I
should actually inform you that I used
to be skiing usually my life when I was
you know 16 17 and 18 skiing is kind of
like the only thing that matter to me I
stopped doing every sport when I was in
junior high fifth through ninth grade I
played every sport there is football
baseball basketball cross country
wrestling I did every sport there was
and then when I got to high school I
started skiing and I dropped out of
every sport there is and except for
soccer I played soccer all they cared
about was skiing
it was my light was my passion I was
like a ski bum I would ski 60 to 70
times per season I always have a season
pass because it was just like I loved it
it was everything to me
so I'm excited to go skiing today I
haven't been skiing for a while they
went like once last year so it's been a
while since I've really got into it
again all right here we are on the Monto
neos about to go doing the ski ski ski
ski house if so little ski ski in the
snow snow
just remember obviously wetsuits yeah I
were just in wetsuit so now we're in
snow suits check out my outfit he's like
my new coat I just got this new coat and
the green glove dude you look stylin
now like you get it like when you play a
video game and you can like dress yeah
guitar and it's like they're like wrote
a like this then you point the arrow
like change goggle changing goggles
change this yeah change phase change
face facial hair I want a mustache
I want a beard I don't know okay here we
are we're about the Gandhi Cheerilee on
the Big Bear Mountain I'll spawn right
dude ah yeah yeah fun rice fun mom on
the bun okay we're gonna go right
another right let's go onto the ride
here we go this is my idea right here
we're in the shore to see those knees
let's see those pretty knees yeah that's
what I would do I wanted to wear my
wetsuit doesn't wear my wetsuit and it
would be hot if you were a wetsuit I
think it'd be perfect in a wetsuit I
sent him to yeah you can't believe it's
not working I think if you wore a
wetsuit and he had a scarf something
which around your head yeah uh-huh
you bet you know we have gloves a hat
and goggles I had goggles gloves
lise mittens and pen gaiters you need
mittens oh that's true I forgot about
that I forgot as a rule yeah you would
have to be really overly confident with
your head it's your body me gonna be
really good yeah I would be very tight
the wetsuit
this is our last run our last run of the
day at Big Bear is gorgeous up here I
will definitely be visiting this place a
lot more often
the moon is out you see it there's the
bear there's Big Bear himself that's Mr
Big Bear he's there on top of the
mountain to welcome you yeah that's a
good picture right there overlooking the
wilderness Big Bear Mountain I can't
believe this
December 5th or December 6 probably one
of the earliest times I've ever been
skiing okay has it been going in your
pocket the whole time that's great dude
this is gorgeous look this video
beautiful scan why new I know oh this
your thumbnail Brock sorry oh there's
the moon in the background becomes Casey
go forward
it's scary look at the moon right there
where's the moon and there's a
snowboarder cruising he's flying down
the hill okay do a sweet trick bro cold
out here
my hands are freezing because Casey okay
this last jump today Big Bear was
awesome we had a blast
Casey levears going so Casey ate up
pretty good by out a few times alright
did go here we got last jump of the day
just go straight go ahead
whoo
okay time for the last rail slide of the
day all right bro ready last rail slam
today go bro you're going fast here film
you're doing it ready I'm gonna talk to
you right there catch one two three
ready
I'm gonna run it ready yeah go fast fast
you can
oh rail slider jibber best rail slide
ever centaur what is the hide now are
you excited
did you read who it's from do you know
you from tell so it's done by looking at
that part of the envelope yeah let's go
in here we're ready
I feel money yeah yes cuz look let me
open it yeah open it oh oh thanks man no
you're the best
I knew thanks grandma I really needed an
extra ten bucks
what do you get Matt oh you mean this
not for me by your birthday good don't
give me money doesn't matter if it's my
birthday
oh just kidding I'm sorry mama Santosh
oh you got money and you say something
you want see says I don't know what to
send you so you can buy something do you
want is so nice what else did you say
Dugan
hey you're a Howell totally great we'll
have cake we'll have ice cream we'll
celebrate because it's the best day I
follow the whole year and it's your
birthday and it's funny yeah
- birthday oh you are 8 years old and
will soon needs baptized when the day
comes have you are a special boy at the
our love Heavenly Father hey he loves
you thank you thank you for $10 now I'm
a card right
you like the car - right okay baby
oh no no spending on girls
so wait y'all your money that's me how
much money do you have $7 59 wait wait
wait wait
give $59 yes
Oh what are you going to do with it save
it maybe fake it for a while maybe for a
phone a phone what do you think you need
a phone for events or a clutch I'm not
obviously you're gonna call it some but
you need a phone but if you're not gonna
call anybody you don't need a phone
right I always need a phone okay so I'm
saving my money don't care oh my god
knows I need to put some disaster D D
sapphire you shame let's put some
desensitize yelling you guys for
Christmas prison our needs of each asset
Iser okay Cassius get out of my way I
think they're smudging still on this
camera
10:8 okay that better bye guys
okay so we just shot a video down here
on Venice Beach with none other than mr.
Bassmaster oh how I guess would you look
at this look at that I can't can you
believe that video has almost nine
million views I know cuz I didn't say
and it is when did it blow up how did it
first blow up that's a good question
that I cannot answer because it just
went insanely viral I know Khloe
Kardashian tweeted it Oh she'd hit him
and Aaron Rodgers tweeted it so that
kind of helped so if you haven't seen it
you know we're talking about he has this
video where did you start with dogs you
were doing it to dog but we were out
trying to film people with dogs for my
look at this dog video and this guy
buffing his car and I knew he was a
character and just type in YouTube look
and probably look at this car will pop
up look at this car go look at that yeah
that guy is a character man that's funny
so yeah he just made this video of
talking to this dude I'm just saying
look at this and I got like 9 million
views so we just made kind of a mess
well he has this I guess no reason now
so we made one for his channel and then
one for just like a fun one for my
channel so go check them both out we're
gonna be hilarious look at just look at
him look at him subscribe please go
subscribe to Ed right now links below
and just look at it I can't do it
he's the class che did a good job I was
fun I had a thank you for inviting me
thank ya novice beginner people are
looking at me weird because my shirt is
so tight this is mommy tard shirt I am
literally wearing mommy charts shirt I
think I have succeeded losing weight if
I can wear my wife's shirt she is tiny
it's pretty tight on me I look a pretty
buff you guys check it out there's
Christmas trees oh there's more now
rock-hard McGillicuddy no good to know
yeah baby tarde she was hiding in the
closet she knew she was in trouble so
she came out when she knew she wasn't in
trouble
what are you guys in the closet you
can't get away from it baby tard did you
do this crime oh my goodness you're
gonna clean all that up you know yes you
are
it's Q & R akhtar does it it's not cute
when you do it better it does snow
really good it's almost over power shake
it off over there shake it off one
second I'm gonna go clean this up it's
why I go get a broom dude baby tard you
go get a broom you're sleeping this up
you should not have let your little
brother do that it does look fun go lay
in it like a baby tiger hey let me see
that shirt that has my favorite shirt
whenever he wears this shirt it's a
memory from my past this is where I went
when I was I wasn't your age I was
bigger than you for your your health
chunky little kid you're a big piece of
meat you're a big piece of jerky yeah
yeah yeah yeah 1d playing all right come
on let's come on here dude do not touch
the diaper station it's contaminated
yeah all right let's go what's up thanks
bro let's buy him we bounce bounce
oh I switch it up by the other guys okay
I five high five
he bounced broadening Ronnie who does
that
oh there it is pound it Sweden yeah
watch this I'm gonna trick him from the
tricking hey give me bounce bounce
bounce
okay I tricked you tricked you
yeah
easy-cheesy patient I just want to ask
you I haven't watched the podcast yet
what's in it about our tipster and what
age when and how many shotgun shells I
will have polished before the girl's
boyfriend show up in my front door I do
not envy any of those people because
they will be harassed by you verbally
and physically but I was thinking it's
really nice how many people watch our
videos thank you everybody out there the
tunes on very basis we really appreciate
it yeah it's not just like a short video
like there they're taking a lot of time
like 20 minutes sometimes thank you for
putting them out and letting me be a
part of them and the podcast go check it
out you can download a free on iTunes or
watch got you know your guys does that
mean you're hang it up or either we sign
it off okay bye bye
