you are not watching the Shh a says to
the big shake does with his family and
just because it's
for two years
be clear
hey guys we are Disneyland yes birthday
tell what we're doing today dude
we're gonna go on rides we're gonna on
than the end of Jones
dude that's me we should go to that very
first you want to that very first I'm
telling you man we have got to write
Indiana Jones cuz it gets busy fast okay
son tired birthday we're going any on a
jumper guys it's gonna be a good day
we're excited its Sun tarts 8th birthday
and we're ready to party who's ready to
party for your hands up in the air and
wave them around yeah didn't you want
any ride you're tall enough for and that
you dare try let's go alright centaur
dude you have a lot of people on Twitter
wishing you happy birthday happy
birthday to son tart else unhurt I said
happy birthday what do you have to say
thank you for telling any happy birthday
that's nice of them isn't it ready babe
you ready party I like your sweater dude
way to support your husband I have my
face on the back
I don't know it's never really gonna see
me on the back of your sweater
hey guys ready hey let's uh you cou are
the CTFxC sweater if you wanna see Otis
all right so I think we should go to
Indiana Jones first don't hurt me ensign
I've been talking about it we've decided
that that's the right one very first now
listen today is gonna be different today
is the very first time ever I think that
I have done an interactive video on the
Shaytards vlog so it's gonna be a good
one so if you guys want to ride the
rides that we go on we're gonna film you
try Charles Trippy has done this at Six
Flags before we're gonna do it today at
Disneyland
and take you guys on every ride we go on
and if you want to you can click on a
separate video that will go to an
unlisted video in the Shaytards catalog
of videos you can ride that ride with me
and son tar on his 8th birthday
oh we lost some of our our party already
you guys ready
what's Rodney are at the e but it turns
out really where Appa let the memories
Viet years old say let the memories
begin ready action
good job season pass holder Wow
let's see it dude tonight's did Louis
she did she say happy birthday to you
yeah no she did what you say that's
awesome thank you that girl yeah she
knows your birthday is on that card
dude ya know that means every time you
go on a ride they're gonna give you a
little massage when you ride the ride
Mickey's hands will come out and massage
your shoulders all right here we are
everybody the happiest place on earth
put your smiles on cuz we're about to
have a good time
take a picture oh yeah grandma wants us
to take okay we will all right now here
you leave today and enter the world of
yesterday tomorrow and fence you guys
want to see a freaking Christmas tree
I'll show you a Christmas tree boom
Shakalaka with over 13,000 ornaments and
800 wattages of lightbulb this tree is
the brightest tree on this side of the
Mississippi
then those are some crazy orders how big
for you it's all that greater like
Christmas time this is so magical I feel
like I'm on fire with magic right now
he's just getting so excited oh yes oh
yeah I don't know what he ate this
morning but I want some of it
I just met these fine ladies where does
he land the happiest place on earth what
everybody's on fire with magic oh there
it is there Indiana Jones and the West
temple of excitement's okay we are now
in line to get on full rock song wait a
minute we're on the Pirates of the
Caribbean so if you remember last time
we're on this ride remember there's a
restaurant we're here later at night
last time and there's a restaurant
inside the ride and I had a lady throw a
roll at us and it landed in the water
who remembers that that was hilarious
whoever that lady is in the world if
you're watching this right now who's the
coolest lady ever because you were
willing to throw a roll at a random
stranger on a ride at Disneyland and
that's what I love about you random lady
that I don't know that you're probably
not watching this right now okay there
we go on Pirates of the Caribbean if you
want to follow us on this ride click
right here do you want to just continue
regularly through the blog just keep
watching you want to on the ride with us
yes here now okay so we're having mango
deliciousness
we just found a little oasis here in the
middle of the Disneyland desert and we
are all now eating our lunch slash
deliciousness we got some fruit and
snacks and mangoes and pickles you're
gonna pickle Carly got the most
healthiest snack of all Carly what he
eaten bro you'd Rito it enough yeah bro
Casey's having a veto Walter okay what's
the writ next right on our schedule
haunted house and you quit being a wuss
I say you man up eight-year-old let's do
the haunted house you want to do it or
not he doesn't want to do the haunted
house it's at nighttime listen you can't
turn eight until you go in the haunted
house it's official rule sorry bro
even Cooper all do it bro eight-year-old
son is afraid to go in the haunted house
shaking maybe I can publicly humiliate
him into doing it you problem bro won't
be such a wuss let's do it man
I love the haunted house hey come here
seriously bro you won't be scared once
you go in there it's not that scary
number KC going on the haunted house yes
you do
KC's not going on it Casey and sundar
can sit out here and wait we'll all go
promise son tarted still scared after we
go on it I'll give him an awesome back
massage oh you can't pass that up dude
so it will give you a sweet back massage
if it's scary alright well we'll decide
after we finish noshing are they good
mangoes angles are out of season so I'm
surprised they have them sour I guess in
Disneyland anything's possible
yo bro just waiting in line getting
ready to go into the haunted mansion
like those bastards come on dude you can
wear those yeah yeah man you looking so
fly you'd be looking super flesh super
flesh your fly we're aware of casein
cases wearing two glasses he's so fresh
and so fly so fly so get you alright
oh snap here we go alright well here we
are
god those are pumpkins up there I
believe we are going through the line as
quickly as possible check out all these
spooky jack-o'-lanterns up here on
just a moment
hey Jack Rock Tire do you think it's
awfully serious she's staring you down
bro it's a staring class are you done I
would I always and the children followed
him through the streets we are running
through Disneyland with the hair and
hotness at the lead at the helm there
goes the birthday boy running down to
the rides as we pass underneath the epic
treehouse Swiss Family Robinson style as
the children's clamor up the stairs
shout Philippe leaf with joy they I
don't know that I'm talking about
anyways we're heading over through the
castle it's a busy day here at
Disneyland a lot of revenues being had
today tell you what right Casey LaVere
dude you are the best brother in the
world look at how you support me where's
my hat where's my shoe that's the
brother right there wearing the shaycarl
SC beer darts of Dreams link below to
purchase a pair of those Casey is
wearing right now one of the only pair
in the world super exclusive VIP style
you want to this o is it forever long
Wow Indiana Jones 45 minutes is it worth
it to you
yeah sure do that get a fast pass that's
the smart thing to do let's get a fast
pass mean good news yes all right okay
go get us one to go into get a fast pass
to go to Indiana toll after day
Cooper swings it go for it start get up
then can make it go go go all the way to
the top go go go you to the bunks all
the way Josh I touch the box oh nice job
job yeah you're strong we find it hey
you look beautiful in your floral print
today can't love the floral friends hey
I'm gonna go on Indiana Jones so you
want to print this hard
oh you have it baby
okay hold on I'm gonna call jay-z until
I should go in French art dilemmas his
heart's not tall enough to go on all
right I got separated from the crew over
there son tart and Casey and Braley is
down there wave yeah we're in
it's not even that crowded okay yes it's
crowded there's a lot of people here bla
bla blablabla let me explain to you the
situation city sometimes we like to call
the situation sometimes waving at the
high centaur here's a situation to tell
you this right now so I got separated
from that you can see right here Center
where to go always right right there
right there right there
Museum is right there in case is right
there anyways I'm so there in this line
right now if I'm waiting for them to
come up here and now they're working on
Indiana Jones right now so if you want
to see they can get a Jones right yeah
what one the video freeze
Oh click it alright got it time it's
Aladdin
I can open your eyes take them I should
have that plane right now right
oh the sideways and uh not to sing it
typically Suites having on the magic
carpet ride yes I want money for this a
whole new one oh she loves you
we bought season passes hugger what a
moment what a moment a magical moment
air Disneyland
insert your debit cards here sorry we're
just talking that we think mommy tard
could be Belle here a Disneyland
Adventure theme park singing song eating
the delicious food we're all little
tired
take a little break trying to refuel a
lot of line waiting to do still happy
birthday son tired you have a happy
birthday best birthday ever
enjoy your macaroni and cheese on your
eighth birthday Pro yeah
let's see case that in there sent up
straight soon as you can
are you tall enough you just barely all
right let's go
yeah you're tall enough bro remember
that when you weren't tall enough to go
on the rides I remember the movie big
when that kid was like too short to go
on the rides that was me I was like I
was a short kid in high school I know
that's like no snakes go on I'm a big
are a big future all rights are waiting
on this right now or we just measuring
to see how tall we're all okay now
step over here we're all cause our blood
pressure battle force Galactica
- don't shoot us
storm trooper coming through that's a
storm trooper Nate you should take storm
troopers everywhere dude Rock card that
storm trooper was attacking you bro
nowhere to go to the right we know the
bus that you're right rock stars
what do you see where you see rocked are
it's like using the stolen Bacchus
energizes now you roll down alright if
you want to come on this ride with us
the interactive to blind experience
click here for Buzz Lightyear just click
here
alrighty everybody these three ladies
are about to go on India zones have fun
watch the kids okay my hero will it
really I'm going on this ride for the
first time ever are you guys excited
please join with me on the first time
I've ever written on the Indiana Jones
ride a twister bombs I just grabbed my
bomb I squeeze my bum purple where the
heck is your hammer you're such a good
click to see the girls on Indiana Jones
okay here we are we are going to tell
them where we're going baby chart here
tell about er I have the fondest memory
of going on this ride my grandpa Eugene
space mount the mountain the tissues oh
my goodness anyways I was right on the
very front row flew by Eugene and he was
a fighter pilot he was screaming like he
loved it anyways let's get nervous going
back let's go go into the Star Wars okay
so we're going into space mountain right
now we got the fast passes so we can
just like walk right up here if you come
to Disneyland I highly recommend grab as
many last passes your hand it's food
baby sort of things and come back and
give right to the ride and it's a lot
faster so go smart so to the park and
get your Fastpass according to ride they
should start at so much because you go
so fast your hat will fall off seriously
dude this is space freaking out space on
your hats out stay on now that's gonna
go flying off is you're gonna go at Mach
3 mountain that's what we're talking
about so cool nice pace
all right click for Space Mountain turn
the wheel to make the pop for a little
man he's turning the wheel that makes
the popcorn
that is awesome tour the wheel of a man
makes a delicious popcorn oh it's good
yeah
or increases
and I love you
we'll never join you
I told them will never join them will
never join the dark side will we will
join the popcorn side
from the dark side proof the force is
strong with an interviewer all you have
to do is perform the same combination
you just learned and I promise you you
will be in Taurus
a lot of Star Wars going on a lot of
lightsabers and check out my new sweater
show my new sweater
here we on the tip top II of the
treehouse where the bird is an awesome
here's having the best I will look you
can see forever in cities land area
imagine all melodies it's cool so there
here is giant tree house that we hope
doesn't come crashing down
anything rock and roll AO like what are
we doing we're getting high you have fun
hey you I want to know how much one are
you having how much that seems like a
lot of fun all right get up and got a
dance across the branch chance maybe
turn my dancing to Marty breathing hard
I'm already getting a workout rocki
rocki like mom i don't know about not
sure Riley I'm bugging your BA hey you
go I don't know if you likes just like
what are we doing boys no my dad's so
happy right now
beautiful music Oh could you get
believing we do Arnold skipper for as
far as we first kind of life you in a
while
big good look I don't have a little
exfolia maybe look cute cuddly from here
but there's a little latch also the
older ones for 18 to 25 years that
believe em dry
you have to live it
when you wash your paws blow your head
over your truth okay it's on filming
taking a break for Disneyland to jump
with a lot oh look at these colors man
love the cars like Pina and these ones
change blue purple blue green purple
blue green purple blue green purple
how's it feel guys the knives are back
in the hot tub it's gonna look great I'm
excited we're just taking a little break
we kind of got lined out of Disneyland
so we're standing in a hotel that's
right across the street so we literally
can just walk back over to the hotel
take a little chill in the hot tub and
then maybe go back later to max it's up
open till midnight okay this is from all
these guys open it up big birthday bro
let's see dude what is it that the last
one oh nice for a little bookworm like
yourself you'll have hours of enjoyment
with that a rockstar get off the bunk
bed and come watch we're opening your
brother's Christmas with oh you almost
let flying officer oh thank you so much
let's see dude nice so much what did you
get there a little sweater yeah that's
nice don't thanks brah hey thank you so
much yeah that is handsome dancing all
right this is from Grandma Laurie who
sent this is grandpa Caro grandma Laurie
and uncle Logan all the way from Idaho
they sent you a ribbon I read it what is
inside he looks heck send it
that's radical thank you so much grandma
grandpa Logan looks like he likes it we
even rode this ride today it's like
Grandma knew that we were gonna be here
but she didn't actually there's a card
what does it say 8th birthday song card
grandpa grandpa and Logan no job dad
thank you so much grandpa do guys well
that's what every eight-year-old wants
one of the things to shoot and fight
with this one's from baby's heart baby
chart what is it they tell 3-time three
opposite dude I think yeah pretty much
the best sister in the universe dropped
our contributors good present babies are
yes P game I'll bet you a hundred
thousand dollars that's a ball of
bounces super high does it why don't we
bring that to Disney my feet what crap
let me see that let me see how does
about 75 feet up to 75 feet if you throw
it up the Empire State Building what is
that tasty catch you ready ready Casey
catch us ready okay
and that's Disneyland that's the
Disneyland vlog all right so I hope you
enjoyed the first interactive on
Shaytards ever you were there to see it
if you wanna see yesterday's video click
to left or if you wanna see
never-before-seen clip that didn't make
it in today's video click to the right
sham it's that here's a problem enjoying
scaring little children and also see if
you can tell what ride that's from or if
you didn't watch any of the rides from
today's interactive those links are down
below make sure to watch them because
it's not just the ride they're talking
before the ride after the ride and I
edited it so if you don't watch it I'm
offended all right I'll talk to you
later bye
