Jinju bakes bread what
right
Oh No hey baby turn that fun is that fun
so we had a good time that was awesome I
think rock guard had a good time hey
princess art you like that is that
awesome you guys this way all right
thank you
it was awesome Caleb's like that I love
that dude dude because I was like the
cartoon there was like the first big
Disney cartoon I was in sixth grade and
people used to compare me and my
girlfriend to Little Mermaid Oh Prince
Erik because of my girlfriend had red
hair and I had brown hair so that movie
was popular we're in sixth grade and so
it was like oh hey Olli is a little
berating shade did you know that I was
Prince Erik hey will you take this for
baby
Talia actually is kind of related to you
isn't that funny the girl the girl that
I dated in sixth grade is kind of
related to her anyways so we are here on
one take Sunday
in California world of adventures on
it's like the day after we're
celebrating her birthday
like next month and we're gonna go to
Idaho
anyways we're all showing woman is here
really okay you want to explain why it's
what hey babe I love you so much
are you gonna clean my hair off or what
alright so what are we gonna go on next
son tard it's the day after your
birthday what do you want to go on wanna
just chill here by the columns and speak
pathos and ethos and talk about Space
Mountain oh right okay so field injury
control all right guys what takes Sunday
go watch yesterday's 26
minute video anyways watch yesterday's
26 minute long video where we surprised
everybody and tell them that we're
coming here to Disneyland have you had a
good birthday dude
tell everybody thank you for tweeting
and saying happy birthday to you good
job word for word
all right what are we going on next in
let's let's go on a cool rollercoaster
you don't want him you want handy of
course the truth comes out maybe tard is
only here for the candy Oh show my shirt
guys look at my shirt Mickey had some
wolf ears you sure it won't take
Sunday's will dead Sunday I'm trying to
make you cool that's good we need to get
you guys some Mickey shirts alright
let's go there we go
what's that what's my nickname it's
awesome awesome straight Gillick cutting
McGee's winning name what's out my name
my name name what is my nickname Shay
Shay Carl alright guys I love you go
check out yesterday's 26 minute video
and tomorrow we have something to look
forward to we're gonna have an
interactive Disneyland video tomorrow so
Brett's wasn't on that right now
alright guys see you tomorrow but my
middle name is Karl yo home bye
