you are not watching the Shh a says to
the big shake does with his family and
just because it's
for two years
be clear
how's school it is good okay tell me
when it's green so daddy and who daddy
and sent hard are at a shoot today
together bear with us at this time and
Casey LaVere and mr. gage are gonna be
awesome
trust me hey I was cool he smell my feet
that sounds cool yeah did you say that's
your teacher yeah oh you didn't
dramatic at all not even a little bit
silly girl dude where are you going
video shoot are you getting out of
school to your school right now you're
even school right now gonna be busted
gonna be a trouble skipping school to go
make a youtube video excited alright
here we go
snap before Jesus did I think I'm
probably the Jesus you're the second
Jesus dude you're looking pretty fly gee
are you filling 4G to the flysheet John
nah fillings genus he's the og that
original good stuff and this is the gist
of all check it out we're shooting on
the screen screen with John ah very much
the big red sweet that means it'll look
nice are shooting this music video for
t-mobile and EOS camera and here's our
stage had a great great day shooting
ahead of us it's gonna be totally G Funk
era G Funk step to this eyed area funk
on a whole new level the rhythm is the
bass and the bass is the treble chords
strings we brings the melody alright oh
there you go where you want to go
hydraulics up to it I get I get ninety
nine miles a gallon but a something mate
one I don't know that's a song in
progress gage I love that hair dude if
I've yeah some char you ready bro sweet
tune man you look like you're about
ready to rob somebody I just got back
from the store looking for presents for
Sandra Furness birthday which is
probably actually today because when you
watch this it will probably I don't know
anything ganna well look what I found
now you'll probably be like that's why
mom shall go shopping for boys because
they get lame presents so look what I
found
it's a bottle of like ball yeah
this ball is special because it claims
to bounce at 75 feet in the air
should we try it do try it like he wins
it so much that's it yeah oh that was
definitely 75 feet yes bounce it bounce
eggs and I try it I try it
no oh good throw my Chi my jumper get
ready ready yeah maybe we will have to
wrap it and put it under the tree for
you instead huh hey you like it oh wow
we'll have to test it in a better area
whoa whoa you see that wind up that's
all it takes just by a ball for all your
kids for Christmas and they'll be fine
hey Bridget are you excited suis but
those are actually just for our family
we bought some Christmas movies they're
my favorites showing what they are L so
funny and the year without a Santa Claus
I actually don't remember this one but I
watched all the other old ones and I
thought I need to watch that one too and
my favorite Christmas percent hard this
is what else we got him tell me if it's
lame or not okay that by the way by
the time he sees this he will have
already unwrapped them so no words right
Bret yes I'll edit it to make sure that
his best friend ever even if it was it
will make it look like it was I'll take
footage from like last birthday I was
like yeah and you know what I was
actually crying this year Scoobies are
disappointed that is the problem with
mom shopping - don't tell Ted TARDIS and
do not show this video hmm it's actually
the book of the video it's the last one
that he hasn't read he's gonna be honked
and but here's the thing I went shopping
and I was
around four things for him like this is
why Shane used to go because every time
I looked at something I was like that's
dumb
I feel like but every time I turned
around and saw something early I loved
it so shiny super shopping right and and
campus yes and and the PS games PSP
games dog parts the Caribbean Lego and
Harry Potter Lego that'll be fun right
don't shoot artists famous for his
Burton table and all the Playland
battles are gonna let him win come on I
know nobody could ever possibly be you
laugh but I'm a professional battleships
will be like killing our Pacific Islands
and hard Brett and I have to have a
competition first you know and then you
can play what you'll say dipti knew if
he comes code
dippity-doo if centaur comes well we're
rocking his presence at least you have
really cool dog dog remember
good hustle one point that is really
cupboard that was looking through
remember they tell you you gotta you
think beat them they would take like
sits room like that try to get behind
them
you guys look at you and you can feel
ready yeah dude is check out my
decoration my decorations look good
don't Lee it's the perfect setting for a
wrestling match that is good
see shampoos a new us said I'm the
winner
we're at them for 45 seconds Birds you
like prizes bike for like 800 miles
straight I added on a computer
Cagefighting and shake all those
Backman's she's up like is he gonna go
for the thumbnail it may just take the
thumbnail oh okay my car just enjoying
this munchies I gotta be crazy the
camera just turned on me you miss it
princess start says she misses my beard
you miss my beard really should I grow
it back you guys yes you're quite the
actress Frances chard you should have
seen the puppy Guyot puppy-dog eyes what
how do you say that yeah she just gave
him to me fiction is that Ally's
computer case why is it I was like what
is that
that's hilarious what are you singing
dude you helping mom do the laundry hey
sunder come here dude I want to talk to
you
come here man you could've talked about
something no Prince started you need to
stay here I need to ask son tard
something come here I asked you a
question
why is your room a mess just kidding hey
so should we tell the girls right now
doughnut already know what are we gonna
tell them I can't tell yet
let's tell right now we'll film it and
we'll film their reaction it'll be fun
okay so tell these guys what we're doing
first of all what's tomorrow my birthday
how old are you gonna be eight years and
we're kind of doing this backwards
because son tarts in on the secret and
the other kids aren't and what we're
going to do tonight tonight we're gonna
go to a hotel what I'd is me one in
Anaheim then we're going to go to
Disneyland tomorrow so I haven't told
princess heart and may be tardy yet
right so what we could do is like we go
out there right now and you could kind
of like invite them to a birthday party
say girls I want to invite you to a very
special birthday party tomorrow and then
you can tell them and be super excited
okay do you want to do it that way how
do you want it's your birthday so how do
you want to do it I want to tell them
guys we're gonna comb to a place or
dreams come true
and they add to guess what okay okay
okay do that's awesome okay that's good
oh shoot I think they were hey who's in
there hi were you listening Dawes yes
back away from the doorknob back away
slowly hey did you hear what we said
okay come here
be honest did you hear what we were
talking about be honest did you hear
what he said
you did didn't you
you Butthead okay come here you should
have yelled at her did you see her go in
there
but muzzle okay come here come here
girls your your big brother wants to
tell you is something yeah you explain
it to him okay bigger than that where
did dreams come true to place where
dreams come true there's a mouse there I
really thought this was gonna work out a
lot better
we're going to Disneyland
please what are you saying happy
birthday I in sight oh all right so it's
under birthday tomorrow so we're all
gonna go to Disneyland
all right dude so we're gonna go to
Anaheim so tell them the rest do tell
they're us we're gonna go to a de Haan
tonight and tomorrow is excited
all right but he's gonna veto all right
good job
we're going to Disneyland tomorrow oh we
do did you get our hotel rooms already
I'm amazing where we stand the cheapo
Tara all right I love you
it's your cup don't judge my own fish
your office Oh Carly hidden in the
genitalia yeah we're missing one of the
children hey child come over here
what child is this who laid to rest on
me okay three special who told you you I
tell you princess card and I like did
you tell him when I was like oh I'm
never gonna tell you like a crush on
anymore well I guess we're going to
Disneyland tomorrow
okay see bro it's over
it's my name bro is it appropriate
put your basics your sister's boobs
sicko oh yes
hey why are you excited that we're going
to Disneyland or not are you have you
washed your face at half seven days no
that's where my pre-baby excited who
that dog has he sharp please hey are you
excited to go to Disney one yes do five
push-ups to prove you're excited
those are cheating robbed are we doing
buddy oh fix it what is this outfit you
guys are wearing are they like oh
they're like costume oh maybe it's a
secret I don't know what guess I can't
tell you we worry and finish sweeping
the floors
I know ice cream without the kitchen
creation oh my goodness gracious is at
the Ramada Plaza I think that just it
might be the Ramada Plaza
did you see the Ramada Plaza past the
epic shopping center of a pawn shop
oh man she about died of shopping
disease my favorite store in one complet
gave them off mommy tired what are they
Walmart I know it's corporate but they
have everything they have ever a mom
that has four mouths to put strap in
like ointment sand food and crackers and
all that kind of junk Walmart's a pretty
good store for that kind of Walmart
forever 21 Ron loves and t.j.maxx
three minutes and we were saying if a
winger's was in there
if cuz we love wingers that would be the
ultimate shopping center I feel like you
and Arturo Trejo wife would like you so
much oh my gosh we
wouldn't come home from Arturo Trejo
everybody go tell and make a video with
eat with coming home for likely with her
with her with the two of them I'm the
shopping vacation like the same in a car
they're looking the same like their
little heads they look like little
pelicans or something with their little
scrawny necks cute little faces let's go
do their little shopping little shopping
disease on look-ins aren't the woods
warm things put the flap in yeah I don't
know I look I'm trying to drive I gotta
quit okay bye we're in Anaheim we're
going to Disneyland it's Friday night go
to the lights who's excited I'm excited
oh there it is it's right here turn your
train you're through here you know we
gotta get over crap all spooky bat bows
book at the bat bows boo kitty jumpin
dude who knows what happened here who
remembers you our uterus caddy a big
bull of what like a ginormous like what
you had to say is world record yes
that's what you meant to say is world
record
sighs spaghetti and world record for it
world record right here this is right
where it happened back to the day I'm a
lot lighter it's like a metaphor for
life back then when I was a smaller meat
when I was a bigger meat Baha I was in a
bigger bowl of spaghetti when I was a
bigger meatball I'll tell you what dude
if they have a picture of me in here
I'll be honored they dressed up for this
occasion yeah you guys look good yeah
all right here we go
I'm excited think I remember me help
there's a picture how big oh yeah they
do have a picture of me
there it is certificate the largest bowl
of pasta with that much oh man so
there's the facts official but there's a
seal Guinness World Record biggest bowl
of spaghetti
all right birthday boy it's the birthday
boys dinner latest King leaders birthday
Kings into the depot which is a deep
deep tipep oh oh follow her yeah it's
delicious
dude you're gonna have to watch the
dishes bro we have to wash dishes let's
go move it through the kitchen they're
gonna be scrubbing the floors you're
gonna be cutting Tomatoes you're
chopping onions we're gonna be grilling
steaks this is the place I can throw
meatballs in your mouth like I'm big hey
yeah is that dough balls oh the COPE is
here with us behave yourselves you
better behave yourself the Pope's not
Jewish when he's are not either
No
kaeleen down so let's just say hey here
we go
Jared here y'all ready funny pinch you
can do the funniest face you need to
watch your legs
hey where is it again
we're gonna get kicked out of here did
he just tagged himself a good dress gosh
oh no raw guard bro dude it's like his
first time ever eating spaghetti or
pasta with the spinach 12th I'm too big
Grove as the bro was um yeah they didn't
in the family place show Stephen Foster
oh so derive a knife but I want someone
is that dummy I think we found the right
thing because he wasn't hungry for
anything else for like he was not hungry
but then we gave him this and he was
like good at all to my face we're in a
bigger jus tencel I need a bulldozer
it's a freaking scrumptious I'll tell
you that but if you come here or like a
quarter of the portion because this is
how it comes you can feed six people
with one of all their giant that's all
over my arm absolutely ask us we come
here before Disneyland B so we're carved
up for carved up we had a marathon
tomorrow yeah but a marathon gonna be
like a 12 hour marathon tomorrow it'll
be longer than that
dude isn't closed till midnight we come
down here we take full advantage sunrise
to sunset baby all day long dude what do
you think oh this is Pope approve Sun
tar
you know eat it all then your wish
doesn't come true
thanks for the Sunday he's gonna well
it's delicious okay put it on the thing
now you have to pass it around we all
get one bite so we have to all take a
look at mommy chart dig in there mommy
tart diamond don't be shy mommy tarts
not shy she'll get in there she's a
grass all of his friends mommy's
hardwood went off the third round series
in the spoon finals at the chocolate
just spoon off the chocolate classic
2003 through 2011 national champion give
rock turn some of that will make them
happy it's being a grumpy baby right now
I don't need to full of chocolate carbs
I'm a strict vegan raw diet around again
that oh man you guys dig in there
braylee you guys ever seen that show
we're like it's real like a piece of
meat like there's a lot of piranhas take
it as I'm here just like that Ken okay
here we go we did we made it do that's
right as I'm diving in actually I
believe I've seen that picture I was a
bigger meatball then it's a lot bigger
meatball and a lot bigger bowl and I
broke one of those lawyers I remember I
worked here for six years yours no came
here this my brother I was there he
showed me your video when I got you
confused withdrawal shipping no no I
know it I had a blast dude it was
finally the day really
oh yeah that's like service controls
trippy oh I was like I don't know I know
but I like Charles Trippy and then
Casey's like he looks nothing like trust
you get a lot back yeah means Charles
Trippy I ate Charles Trippy right there
right before I delve into that I
remember
and so nicely caps was like what are you
talking about awesome yeah yeah total
jerk yeah hi guys honey tard
I love you he's still holding the red
dude he's booked into that place has
great bread I know okay I really
genuinely just got that like really
excited feeling in my stomach like we're
here the hotel we're going to go to
Disneyland to me so fun I think it will
come out and let's go to our hotel and
I'll cut out everything what's up all
right here we go
look at you we're gonna do the man all I
gots a bunch of holy sinner
oh that is like the most tempting pool
I've ever gotten
changing colors I even said to the
manager I said dude oh is it really
close do I look like a Disneyland dad
video I got all the bags all the videos
and offense yeah you know no I'm sorry
we don't need to go there let's let them
take all the kids we'll just take this
one okay very excited I know
I'll get the top balkan disneyland hotel
room dude so bad
look at that bed tears dude rocked our
plan up the road he's gonna love that he
was climbing up dude dropping bombs on
my college first and we're right next to
look at everything climb up there he is
I'm minute how long T dinky tumbles it
down to three minutes how long till we
see Rock what do you think hey there's a
there's a V logger
hey what's internet long and I need to
know I need to check my tweets shake
your do we have it do we have sure there
is are you an edge are you in bed
already
what are we gonna get up at eight and go
right one opens Kevin 7:30 I see at 7:30
- we're gonna be stretching for our
Disney walk put your stupid vlogger
camera away okay we're right next to
each other you're excited Bailey excited
this is awesome we're eating birthday
boy we having fun what how much I
believe we're getting up we're getting
up dude you guys I'm putting my foot
down right now they said it's closed
this weekend we're the butler's you know
what happens in the butler's hotel oh
you can like we have to be super quiet
good I guarantee you ask me so good
we're not going to mommy's heart if
mommy she said on a mission we should
send her on a mission you should go
hey let's send princess start will you
go jump in the pool what did you say
watching I said I said well we really
get in trouble if we go jump in he's
like well then I'll have to like come
pick you out I'll be here I don't know
should we do it for dessert I think
everybody we are at Disneyland right now
waiting in line to go on to face down
here combine my voice oh thank you
excited let's make sauce yeah I am
YouTube / case the very go subscribe I
need thirty five thousand subscribers in
the next Johnson Joe magical hair if
you're having the best time we wish you
were here centaur does having the best
birthday ever you having a good birthday
first our server days out of the other
night ok you put another video go check
out yesterday's video quirky and I will
get on the right right now let me try
see you tomorrow bye
