you could be pretty darn precious what
it is Katie letting shaycarl got the
cutest kids and maybe up on YouTube
making all events and if you don't know
I'm gonna tell you like this like this
like son's heart got all the girls on
them
god I'm wondering how do you get so
handsome okay and baby turn she got that
baby girl swag she can get a little
crazy just like her dad what a rock part
I see you starting the walk hit that
stanky leg then he hit the drop prison
start when you whack girlfriend back
handspring it's a perfect ten uh yeah
you know they PDF ap two years done and
he's on two three we're ready for a
video so let it be clear hey hey
satori it's not a sitar anymore it's
swivel don't you know they switch their
product it's not called sitar anymore
it's called swivel and yeah if you guys
remember that product that is a tripod
that follows you as you move really cool
invention my buddy is flat and Brian
it's coming out soon there's pre-orders
link below
I am the spokesperson Saigon
spokesperson about it I'm so excited to
come out we're gonna make some cool
videos with the next what are you doing
you silly oh yeah we had a swivel I
would even have to be here sorry gonna
do when you get one just run around the
house alright bye I love you I'm going
to film with Carly I'm going to film
with my sister I'm riding my bike I'm
not riding my truck I'm tired of driving
my truck around taking my bike from now
on I love you let's go hang out with
Carly's Donald I know like look around
yeah Casey ended up so that's why Casey
was pissed off all his life because he
had to sleep in a pink room that was
meant for Carly so we are on set here
with Carly's style this is yourself
it's like your own carpet
and routine things anyways what are we
gonna talk about curling up with the
Butler boys that's what we're talking
about
oh great go check out Carly's Channel
Carly Stiles they're gonna be on there
semicolon is that are you sure
go get him go get him tiger some major
love going on right now for the Malachi
he's getting them a back massage I'll
rub you down right here
should we feel them better in the
morning oh yeah looks like you got a
really tight spot right up here in your
shoulders you've been doing a lot of
lats a lot of lats lately I can tell
yeah oh these are all knotted up I'm
gonna have to put all my weight into
this one what's up oh you didn't want
the front pecs rub okay box are do you
love that puppy yeah pull on those big
floppy ears he's gonna bite your head
off what are you gonna share with us you
have a presentation that's a picture of
it that's a very nice classroom you have
there that is such a good puppy
he's just like basically a big carpet
it's a big mat that's the same shirt
don't you got the whole thing set up hey
who put Malachi's saddle blanket on him
he's not ready to ride yet it's got his
saddle blanket on he's got to go for a
run last time you guys rolled the dog
yeah he's getting all depression right a
puppy I love you I love you're such a
good boy ah this is my puppy
I'll tell you that I can sing a song me
so toys have abused kids miss you don't
know what it's okay
I've only don't hesitate eyes I got the
girls on no hard you got the cutest kids
if you don't know I'm gonna tell you
like this like this sometime got the
moves on so handsome
now cater glass and Baby Talk she got a
baby girl swag here the motherland craze
just like today but uh Brock talk I see
she's talking to walk stay for this and
he has to drop to draw princes heart and
he bad girlfriend can't be another
perfect day oh oh no you BTS and be two
years now is an F and be ready for a
video so loud big hair Hey he's live I'm
vlogging here son tart read your book
like a good little boy okay okay good
you almost sad with that one is that the
last one is the white one the last one
dude how many are there
can you even stop reading for two
seconds to let me vlog you there there's
all seven there's seven books of these
you have so you have six of them
you're a collector nice collector's
edition alright there is a cute baby in
here and I want to see him like he was
doing the funniest thing here come here
dude come do it again come make me laugh
oh man there was not a flip cam
available look in the mirror he wants an
open relationship he was looking in that
mirror and he was making faces at
himself watch watch he was watching
himself and he was making all these
little faces
yeah 25.2 pounds like I'm so
disappointed it was lying dude what is
with the shoes please explain he came in
and wanted her to switch this one well
he had a Velcro one Ernie wanna go to
the tie shoe no for your daily dose of
preciousness a little moment of PDP PDP
well your head down bro just true
little moment PDP Oh yummy urine flavor
jammies my favorite also ones I remember
happened when I was a kid the urine
flavored ones if they print these out
this is I'm registering our business
name with the state of California will
you go put those back with the printer
okay yeah go put those just stack them
with the printers they thought that
there was ghosts upstairs because the
printers finally sent to the project
that it was supposed to be sending hey
Chuck it's like yeah he's like I'll just
set that right there come on you give me
a little moment of PDP he does he does
he Texas little heads in baby give me
him I want a hug about me and this dude
me this dude can we kiss him kiss me
kiss tonight you sleep become a little
man little ralphing man little rock man
huh I know it's like you like a watch
them grow up right in for new face this
is what we do with our babies right
before bed
okay yes I love you good night
amen a kiss love you come and give your
brother a kiss tonight
give your little brother kiss tonight
right there on his forehead leave me
alone
I sundar give him a kiss right now on
his forehand face I'm tired on his
forehead give me a kiss on my forehead I
give me a smooch you're right there my
my god get a smooch on my forehead right
fire right there all right there give me
a smooch ur all out to my god I'm going
you guys go night-night you're so mad
but then was to put the blanket over a
minute no one cares everyone's going to
sleep dude we're not going to have to do
anything cool
I'm saying the prayer David charted and
said okay go ahead amen
dream for good dreams what a what a
better prayer to have them to dream for
good dreams
you forgot sometimes you got to write
them down you get a a piece of like
paper and a pencil you put it next to
your bed if you have dreams and you like
wake up the middle of night can write
them down real quick so you remember
them the next day because sometimes your
dreams can mean something what was your
nightmare last night
mama tarde I know those dreams where I
wake up and I'm like yes I know there's
dreams where I wake up I'm like pissed
off of you so we had a fight in my dream
and I wake up and I'm like oh baby I
love you baby
what princess hard I didn't love your
mom we never fight we never fight huh
princess started do mia mom ever fight
what do we fight about what do me a mom
fight about the other day when we moved
here okay
what do we fight about well we're going
back to Idaho when one's lesson back
that in there
what will we fight about cuz mom
couldn't get the directions right that
what it was
we've had some we've got some we've had
some geographical place a couple times
that's some geographical disagreements
batteries died had to refresh them look
this is missing for life of a daily
vlogger you have a battery body okay
just refresh the batteries anyways what
were we fighting about I forgot what was
it alright though our fight about those
Google Maps we've been branded alright
you know see you tomorrow
Shaytards over and out
alright so there you go today's vlog I
was trying to get Shay on this ends late
but he's on set recording something
super cool with the green screen in the
car but anyway I wanted to get Shane
here so I'm gonna just play a message he
sent to me in the past so here you go
enjoy
