you could be pretty darn precious what
it is Katie letting shake Carl got the
cutest kids and maybe up on YouTube
making all events and if you don't know
I'm gonna tell you like this like this
like son's heart got all the girls on
them god I'm wondering how do you get so
handsome okay and baby turn she got that
baby girl swag she can get a little
crazy just like her dad what a rock part
I see you starting the walk hit that
stanky leg then he hit the drop prison
start when you whack girlfriend back
handspring it's a perfect ten uh yeah
you know they PDF ap two years done and
he's on two three we're ready for a pity
also let it be clear we have them for
breakfast
uh-huh silly kid tricks are for rabbits
hahahahahaha so I can't picture for
rabbits
all right stem to get ready for school
getting a little breakfast time little
breakfast time with sleepy face instead
your face what do you want for breakfast
yeah the honey nut cheerios what a
brother you have what do you tell him is
that you're pretty rock and rolled to
the morals soul from him yeah what do
you have for breakfast we have some
cereal you can have one of those juices
if you want you know what yeah they're
pretty good daddy's got a pretty sweet
hydration station in the garage you're
gonna check it one time yeah let's go
check it oh my god put my waters in
there I forgot my water it's got this
little fringe out here or I like to stay
hydrated so I got some vital Coco's got
some naked juices in there that your
favorite the blueberry can I try these
these like a low blow things like to
keep my hydration station stocked up
with some vital Coco's and water keep it
keep it good right get you have to
school right little hydration all right
bro except for school today
what's seven plus seven little MapQuest
fourteen nice all right get your button
side kick
yeah what go help your sister I don't
know how to spell it
what else what did you write blue dress
let me see let me see what he wrote out
I go from my house what is that for oh
you could say something how'd you say
out I go for my house no that's not
right you could say today we're gonna go
out we can't just say out I go from my
house that's pretty creative though
what's another idea you have how about
you have another idea for a way you can
use the word out use the word out though
you could say what's out you could say
my to my room is a mess because because
all my toys are out on the ground there
might be a good option it's truthful
though you may go for some truth in
sentence writing I might work for you
they've a charge over here not on
our honey nut cheerios that's good all
right let's get you butt heads off to
school what's your language in late your
strikeouts make you right now you want a
butt spankin I think you need one they
need a butt spanking right now
are you neat those Cheerios or just get
them soggy yeah that happens you brush
your teeth this morning dude impressive
good seven-year-old you are and guess
what whose birthday is it in a few days
two days his birthday is it how old are
you eight years old can you believe it
we're gonna have an eighth year of on
our hands crazy crazy crazy what
what baptized what why what does that
mean it's pretty heavy stuff for an
eight-year-old right leave a comment
about that good morning everybody I'm
Steve hey how's it going to die you're
ready to have a great day
today is the first day of the rest of
your life I used to say that one point
my life like every morning I got up I
would say that today is the first day of
the rest of your life I don't know what
it meant exactly but it's kind of like
this mantra of like I can decide right
now to begin something new or totally
awesome I'm going to the dentist trying
to look for a little motivation because
I'm heading to the dentist to get my
crown put on turns we gotta floss you
guys know that have to floss - you can't
just brush really good with a Sonicare
toothbrush that's what I've done for so
while I just brushed once at night
really really good with a Sonicare
toothbrush
that's about all I do to get these
pearly whites I got pretty nice teeth
right sealant see you see it's like
gross it could be that close I just had
braces when I was like I think that's
7th 8th and 9th grade I think for almost
2 years I had braces and I had headgear
because I'm a really big over by it's
tied to where this headgear where it was
like this you know big metal thing and
then there's these rackets on your tooth
cemented onto your tooth basically and
then you'd put this wire and it would
push the bone so that my I was a little
moves of this huge overbite the braces
and headgear and just like the Sonicare
toothbrush I should get a sponsorship
from them but I love Sonicare toothbrush
it's like he doesn't really good job the
first time I ever used one of those like
wow my teeth was so clean and it does
help whiten them too you know it's an
expensive toothbrush but I like a
Sonicare send me some free toothbrushes
anyways so I'm headed right now because
I didn't floss you have to floss - turns
out I won't have to turn on these
streets to get to where I get to pay
people to give me pain it is kind of
cool I was thinking because what is the
worst pain in the world
other than a toothache pain and back in
the day you know when there's no
dentists would you do a hoster left
right there ah oh that's right there
anyways I have to go through this one
what would you do you know like because
when you have a hurt you know
- there's nothing worse than that but
it's so great that you know in this day
and age you can just go to these freakin
office an hour and two thousand dollars
later you're all fixed all better all
things all better so we're going right
now to get this cap on it's a great day
starting off right at the dentist I told
my dentist not to be offended by my
toenails she said she thought it looked
pretty okay so the procedure is done see
I got a cap on that too you guys want to
make gold - the driver showed you my
gold teeth you see yeah I can't tell him
you can see her I haven't gold tooth
back there that's when nothing for one
day we're all broke I'm gonna pull that
gold tooth out check it out you guys
they gave me a freaking Sonicare at this
Dennis place this is the coolest ever
I can't believe you're actually giving
me a Sonicare toothbrush hey all right
so I just got my my thing put in it's
kind of embarrassing but I'd have so
much dental work I need to floss more
she said I'm doing a good job of
brushing that I need to frickin floss so
imma start flossing every night and this
is so cool day she said as first-time
patient and forgetting my first cleaning
that give me a Sonicare toothbrush these
seriously are and I can I got a clip
promoting them because I'm not getting
paid or anything but I can't believe
that they gave me these worth like 60 70
bucks this is like a travel sized one
you know I don't even know if you can
buy these kind separately anyways
they're nice toothbrushes yeah really
cool really cool I really like them they
do a good job I feel like they're very
honest they did a good job my teeth feel
great and I just got them clean so I'm
all good like a responsible adult take
care Monteith I remember as a kid going
to as we're in scouts no I was going to
this thing at BYU called boy's world of
adventure and it was like I was like 12
or 13 right as I was becoming a boy a
man and we went on this thing where we
went to this old folks home to like do
service for him and there's this old
lady there she was like 100 years old
exactly and she had no teeth and all the
boys came in she would kiss him on the
cheek she like hello honey I remember
anyway she said she goes
take care of your teeth it's the only
power you get and
ever since then like huh I think not a
lady who didn't have any teeth and I
thought I do not want to not have teeth
ways all right I want to have teeth
every time I go to the dentist like I
hate going to the dentist like everybody
does but you got to get it done floss
and brush do it I was just driving down
this road and I thought how cool is this
alright dude you ready to go to karate
yeah is your sister ready we got to say
what happened we did reshoot that
because they thought it was hilarious so
we were just talking about who's taking
the kids to karate and then Cecily asked
his son to have his outfit all right
said yes and then she said what about
your sister then princess art came out
with her outfit on and said good shall
we say your boobs dude that dance moves
your karate a little what is that whoa
that was a nice thank you don't kick
your sister Oh kick in the belly
oh don't sweep the leg Oh looks like
centaur gets a point
throwing swing keys it's what oh you two
fight people hold it we're almost be the
green belt okay we're here at Casey's
house and hotness and hairspray the
hotness and hairspray craves here
there's so much estrogen in this room
it's like I have to swim through here on
us
so check it out their new video as it
looks really nice wow that's cool all
the dresses turned out good
Oh slow motion slow motion car these
styles action so that's up right now
live on the moms view go check it out
I think they should rename the channel
the hotness and hairspray the H and H
crew hotness and hairspray through
crankcase you feeling the hotness and
hairspray go check it out they did a
great job they've been working really
hard okay so what is my makeover
happening secret we can't so you are you
can't say how you're gonna make me over
but you are going when are we gonna when
are we doing this so much secret I think
there's a lot of goodness right here a
bunch on you later what they're gonna do
a makeover they can't tell that's all
like secret so check it out the mom's
new channel thanks below you know what
that is just unacceptable that is not
the way to eat popcorn by taking the bag
and emptying it onto the granite
countertops young man that is my cheese
popcorn you're not gonna eat it all
you've got it are you in your homework
dude get your homework done you're
excited we're starving to death so we're
all eating popcorn come here and show us
your Angelina Jolie here Tamara come
look at Bobby John's hair it's kind of
gone down she did look like Angelina
Jolie with her hair up so long a
beautiful sweater sparkly let's see this
slinky
what are you doing with asleep
I remember I remember mind getting
tangled up so bad and like these try to
undo it like how what are the kids is
it's like how did you manage to get it
so tangled up in the five minutes you
had it hey popcorn face she's psycho
dude I would run I'm on the first time
he's like yeah that's a weird mob Ned
that is a weird mom you got I don't know
money baby
money is diamond dies
in the affair only if there's caramel
apple some candy all right thanks
was it machine material yes he does he's
a little baby boy the boy the boy picked
em lemon a week let me carry I haven't
had this forever
it's delicious dear shed this is Bret
your friend and added ETI to our editor
I wanted you to know that this is a good
that you gave me to edit and I like
editing for you I've worked for you for
a hundred and sixty-six days here's to
another a hundred and sixty-six days
love your friend Brett the editor and
intern and friend the end PS this is the
end of the video people can click links
or not bye
