you could be pretty darn precious what
it is Katie letting shake Carl got the
cutest kids and maybe up on YouTube
making all events and if you don't know
I'm gonna tell you like this like this
like son's heart got all the girls on
them
god I'm wondering how do you get so
handsome okay and baby turn she got that
baby girl swag she can get a little
crazy just like her dad what a rock part
I see you starting the walk hit that
stanky leg then he hit the drop prison
start where you whack girlfriend back
handspring it's a perfect ten uh yeah
you know they PDF ap two years done and
he's on two three we're ready for a pity
also let it be clear hey all right
why is our food pantry being rated so
you're gonna give me you're taking these
to school they said they want to take
canned foods to school to help get to
people so I said to them what would you
want if you were hungry and you didn't
have any food I practiced arts that I
would want these so I could put them on
my fingers and eat them so it's morning
time we're getting ready to go to school
daddy isn't like dressed yet that I just
woke up yeah you want some corn
corns delish I'd want some corn how much
no you can't take all our food Rose oh
you can take some of it for each take
for Kenzie so I'm tired you have to take
one of those chili beans back that's all
most people don't want to be farting all
the time that's a lot I hate being
homeless flatulation so what are you
getting let me see what you're getting
you got some nice chili beans swimming
better than this cups of corn bro don't
got any like chili Karen oh that looks
good want some whole kernel corn yeah
yeah yeah
how's your test lifted shy I think you
just acted shy meatballs baby Tarn has
heard fractious little hey the Christmas
tree looks nice looks really good I
think you did a great job
it's very pretty is it very good all
right good morning we're having
breakfast and going to school you're not
gonna explode you're in the school of
hard knocks bro
sorry alright good morning we are here
I've got the kids to school now the kids
are off to school daddy has to go to
work go into the what's trending set
today with Shira lists are so crazy
thinking about just a couple years ago
four or five years ago right now about
9:30 in the morning I'd probably be
mixing some epoxy to us seem to granite
pieces together for an edge you know but
now I'm going to do a show it's crazy
the ice we're here it's exciting I've
done the show once before and I have
lost like 50 pounds since then so I'm
excited to be back because those can
hear me furniture for sale oh cool find
me a man that's right there sure I
getting all ready okay do I look good
you guys got something about to start
the show
it's below if you want to actually watch
the show later on they have like a
recorded version hey I'm watching Shay
on West read these words you already had
to get them from the new I think your
music isn't so cute I'm gonna turn it
down sorry yes
he's not gonna turning it down to me or
the computer yeah he was like he loves
to watch am the computer every time we
watch her like one of our videos he
knows like it's so fun for him he pays
more attention to Shay on the computer
than he doesn't realize don't you I'm
gonna eat my shoulder ah now my
shoulders you know goofy are you being
goofy oh thank you
rah hey baby card are you having a hard
time putting the rest of the bulbs on
the tree
they keep playing with the bolts on
there you taking them off and putting
them back on it's so stressful isn't it
look she took all these off you can't
figure out what branch to put them on
just pick one and put it on okay let's
go watch switches
famous youtuber city is Oh Google is the
old surgery you know it's almost time
the New Mutants up enough it's not only
you're gonna read an army here we are
this is my favorite part about the
what's trending is that they have grass
out here the artist is coming in they
have a musical artist who's performing
what's her name Oh Bridget Kelly she's
awesome
this is her it was fun it was good I
filled it because I like study the
stories before site difference you had
today I didn't know like it was like
school
with the opportunity and right get them
to create then this can get into her
home with jay-z what's that like oh
really
really
you don't
check it out
michael buckley is on a billboard in los
angeles with underwear on his head do
whatever you do whatever it takes that
are Michael Buckley that's on the corner
of San Vicente Boulevard and La Brea for
no run lebrandt right on the corner
nice Michael Buckley thought of go for
that's hilarious and I guess Timothy
DeLaGhetto has one too but I haven't
seen I just seen pictures of it
good job Michael Buckley you're huge in
LA literally you're like 20 feet big all
right so Casey's teaching son tard the
proper catching technique here in the
backyard with the hands over and the
hands under drop into the breadbasket
who taught us how to catch a football
Casey Steve no see the football player
didn't teach us how to we just play it I
think it's like because we got each
other we had each other and then we
scott and brody remember that was our
first set of friends we started ever
playing sports with remember you used to
jump off their roof into their swimming
pool we dive down to the bottom of the
pool and get rocks and then we'd go sit
in their mom's bathtub and play Mike
Tyson's punch-out and watch never ending
story
oh the eighties those were good times
growing up in the world I'm losing my
voice I think I have a cold or something
I'm like cough up phlegm and stuff dude
how does it feel grown up in the 2011 s
it's a great nice throw bro what's up
you guys are still watching that our
kids are always watching that even still
we've passed that generation this great
movie the neverending story you've never
seen the movie that neverending story
you haven't seen a story you haven't
lived I dropped it the neverending story
you want to play football dude Sun tardy
want to play tackle football here's your
big strong clear day cuz Sun Tartus he's
a bigger kid let's be honest he's a
bigger kid but his bone structure
like when I grab his knees his knee
feels like his bone even felt as thick
as my knee bone and that's just his bone
and I give you a good football player
dude you wanna play football
the children colleges so get you beat up
yet
just dust or in that boy why are you
talking like that knock it off hey I
like your hairdo did I do cuz that's the
high bun as I called the top bun call
that the what a little bun a little fun
bun in the oven
oh come on you got to pull that in
sucker you can't be looking to the
touchdown line until you catch the ball
son let's go down sehun hood dude come
on
if you miss this one you're gonna get a
punch to the shoulder understand listen
to your coach bro nice job coach case
coach case on scene here ready really
play defense let's see let's see
whoa in the tree there it goes Oh
tackle dude you let the girl get the
fumble carry here really rare whoa snap
was an inside throw rock cards about the
skateboard now here playing the foosball
with the case case no whoa dude that was
a lion driver whoa whoa talk about lion
drivers I was a spiral into my face whoa
linebacker little linebacker takes her
out in the backfield take her off your
fantasy football this I was - five yards
look at this dude
plowing through nice throw one doll hair
someone's gonna spiral right - Casey is
ready for this spiral oh we eat it hey
Casey right here put it my hand I'm not
even gonna move oh I was coming up my
chest bone oh snap I almost gotcha
gotcha caught it already it's not a good
throw what stands ready won't do Lucido
bitch bitch throw it nice pass bro-heem
nice fast run around the foot big skid
throw the pigskin backyard I want to
play nice throw dude how that last one
hurt my hand really sucked it
whoa easy Superman Rock tarde get away
from those lights
you're not helping with this shoot give
me a gaffer you gonna get those lights
bro so we are on set here filmy
playlists there he goes
my rock hard do the work shooting guess
he's not gonna be on Hey that tickle
tell you this tickle hey producer to
give me a favor I love those earrings
with that shirt and you're you're
stopped a Brad hi hi hi Brad yet in the
vog I hope this pitch doesn't break
these chains are making straining noises
Bagdad key part keep your feet out of
underneath the bench just in case it
comes crashing down
great
do not eat holiday decorations not
because it's bad for you but because it
makes your mouth glittery and you look
ridiculous
so shaycarl is clearly not here so he
had me seth rogen the famous superstar
fill in so make sure to check out
yesterday's vlog box throwing or
something and the new podcast is he
coming back soon I don't even know what
to say on here families are good and
other things are bad alright
