you are not watching the Shaytards flop
just a fact
just because it's Kate
sighs Korean
this guy should be fired he's been
installing that s for like three weeks
now come on dude it's straight blew it
on there already has a good one Honda
guys gonna miss LA miss it already
you miss it already rocked are
definitely misses it he decided to go
hang out with the buy back besides of
his eyelids for a while hey mom what I
heard is this flight is when you're
really bumpy on a turbulence
my mom loves turbulence who doesn't love
to take your seatbelt off hit the roof
city building bro huh you building the
leaning tower of green beans up what are
they gonna go higher are you gonna read
a different location the karela state
what different foundation a selective
it's a travesty yet we start again brick
by brick men if you had one he had at
one point was I was putting some watched
in the lung and the in the launderer and
I turned around and he had this giant
one that was like leaning and like I
couldn't believe he had it standing up
in there then it like fell on his head
knows we're rock tired good job man
you're building some sweetness over
there and I'm proud of you gonna be an
architect when you grow up we did work
for cans for food for in stock shelves
at the supermarket brick by brick it's
simpler is to watch Emily decide oh man
that's leaning it's leaning snap
it's a leaner easy bro I already started
yeah oh I remember this is how I want
that yeah and you listen your part
you're gonna go up here you're not gonna
give me any lip about it all right okay
I'm glad we understand each other you
are gonna say I told you yeah what did I
say oh thank you sir
Roger what are you thinking about ever
you have master plans though on your
mind huh don't buzzing yet oh that's
sweet dude it's like a wall you go to
wall and now I crash it all because I
rule this kingdom
I built it and I can destroy it well
everybody keep building those kingdoms
I'm proud of you Oh shows can in the
face that'll happen when you're building
kingdoms I guess though
how many guitars
we play it in the Costco how long till
we get kicked out oh you know yes take
one of everything my child you sir have
whatever you in force or water for as
long as you work for it
for that I remember anything on the
piano
doing some fancy photographers thank you
guys it's a fancy photography or was I
just kind of stupid I'm just kinda like
moving the camera around really fast for
no reason I like that little tray that's
cool so we're just gonna treat here yeah
no you will are we into all these colors
I like there that's a bullfight that's
multiple colors are we news all these
babies are are you gonna put them all on
there are you in charge of that who's in
charge of it she is
who's this tree being produced by who's
directing the street
you guys excited to go home for
Christmas this year we're gonna be in I
know for like three weeks since I'm
tired
we are gonna snowboard and ski dude what
do you want to do you want to snowboard
or ski yes Logan to knowledge ma'am he
is a bad influence on you he's trying to
influence at the snowboard that's bad
what are you gonna film if I gave you a
camera the computer TV alright you guys
ready for our next Christmas Carol we're
going to Kelly's Channel next Christmas
Carol hey Rach card have another one
ready
stayin disabled suck Satan's power he
was gonna strength
Oh tiny body target look so gorgeous
alright so we're set up for Christmas I
saw tweet today by one of my buddies
Travis Betsy said if the Christmas tree
goes up on December 1st and not a second
sooner that's the role i√≠r daily what
is your problem
get that tree out mommy tard Christmas
is ruined you're growing breakfast you
guys my Christmas has been ruined
looks like somebody's gonna go
tobogganing it and that's how we became
lost your folks okay baby are you gonna
get in maybe if you're in there he won't
freak out as much I'll be worried about
being buried alive as much don't rip his
arm out of his socket he tried to cut
down on the arm sake Lizzie we'll figure
this out later
oh yeah it was always more lights yeah
deck the halls man where are the legs
okay here all right what bro okay dude
would you dare go down the stairs and
this we need to go down the stairs to
this gonna try it now you just slide
down we'll go for you like this I won't
dude let's try it k yeah
trust me one let's climb to the top of
the stairs let's try it okay you wanna
try it okay come on try it let's go
ready yeah Brit discharged ready to take
the top of the stairs
watch out rock garden lime up there
climb up there okay ready
okay stop right there and get in it okay
ready here Sundra have you come film
this Camaro quick okay oh okay to you
right
man that was sounds crazy wow dude
haste now you get vocal the village face
and aha
good tidings we bring I say what listen
to that Christmas song the mommy tart in
Cali did it gets stuck in your head
sucka they call it an earworm when a
song gets stuck in your head we're on
our way to the airport
how many times have we been on the
airport on the airport on our way to the
airport together many I bet go and get
Brenda turn right the editor Bret the
intern our good buddies been in Chicago
for Thanksgiving you know this mom and
brothers and family and they imported to
come up he's been flying all day and is
coming back to Los Angeles it's crazy
how many times have we had this
conversation not what I'm trying to say
is how many times a week that this mean
you face-to-face you sit in front of
your computer screen me sit in front of
this camera me looking at you you
gonna be just chillin together just
hanging out just breeze on the night
away a lot right isn't it crazy alright
so we're going to get Brett good old
bread we're excited to have him back
we're all part of a team here kind of
nostalgic tonight we are we're very like
team oriented so it feels it's like not
more it's more than a team really it's
like more more similar to a family
because that's way we are we're big
family so it's good to have Brett back
anyway he's going to get him from the
airport right now yeah and I got a
surprise for him I have I do I I have it
all wrapped up I'll show it I'll show it
to you guys when we get there okay I'm
excited to give it to him it's gonna be
awesome and for everybody out there who
hates my hair I do have plans on getting
that cut I like it long I wanted to grow
it long for a little while but you guys
have made a joke the other day about how
nobody's made a comment about if I
should cut my hair or not but I will
shortly on the moms view if you don't
know the moms hub channel it's called
the moms - I'm gonna get a makeover from
Kayleigh and Carly and all the ladies at
their new moms new channel so go check
it out I think that's happening in like
a week I told Carly I said I'm just
gonna let you do whatever you want you
cut my hair you can do whatever you want
I'll wear whatever you want I'll just
totally let you just make me over so I'm
excited to see that they come up with
I'm sure they're gonna cut my hair cuz
I'm pretty sure they all hate it too but
I like it I think it's but I don't think
there's many of you who do like it who
are pro hair Pro long hair straight core
once again here we are at LAX it has
been multiple multiple times now since
we have moved here to Los Angeles I have
visited this Airport lax probably more
than any Airport the only close second
to maybe Salt Lake Salt Lake could the
only competing Airport that I've been at
as much as I have LAX oh I know this
Airport like the back of my freaking
hand me it you know coming in and out of
this Airport when we didn't live here
and I was commuting back and forth and
then us coming here and then just
picking up my parents and my brother and
my sister and so many friends I've been
to LAX gosh probably over a hundred
times I've been at this gigantic Airport
so if you ever land at LAX you ever find
yourself in this big old world and you
come through Los Angeles
International Airport I want you to
think of good old che and how many times
I've been I've been here and driven
around this Airport so next time you're
at LAX give her a kiss up in the air for
me good that means kiss up in the air
zip LAX all right we're picking up Brett
at Virgin America so we're looking for
that one I'm usually gotten Delta which
I know is number five and I know
United's one so we got to figure out
which one's Virgin there yes there's mr.
Brett getting them from the airport a
throne is back in the back in the bag
welcome home Brad dude I got your
present what's good I'm saving it it's
the knuckle you're watched it why did I
was I supposed to do that that's a
hidden secret and I just punch you in
the stomach I thought I thought maybe
you're gonna have like jelly dude it's
the newest and a berry bro new air fresh
that was good big shout-out to Jordan
who offered to wheelchair me through
security
oh thanks Jordan yeah he's a redhead and
does that matter he watches the shade
Hertz vlogs yeah thanks Trudy and we
took a picture and he works in the
airport thanks Jordan I spent some time
at an airport in Chicago yeah in fact
with a wheelchair in Chicago with my
buddy its friends well how would she
have a story about Chicago making a fool
out of myself since 1980 it's weird that
it's at Buffalo internet seems that my
memory may have been skewed yeah I got
you beat in the Chicago area wheelchair
you do you have button as far as Buffalo
New York Airport goes I am the king of
awkward wheelchair moments by the way I
love the new podcast with the live
performance by Kelly Moore check it out
yeah she wasn't studio and I can't
believe I did so poorly I wanted to
challenge all these guys to another race
on the beach right it's on I want to
beat Carly Carly I'm challenging you
Stiles seeing it on sucker I'm gonna
challenge you right now let's make a bet
let's make a bet let's let's next
we're gonna race on the beach if I win
you owe me foot massages for a week what
do you have to get paid to get my car
detailed yeah yeah
I've had it vlogs for seven years
straight okay so next Saturday showdown
between Shae and Carly I have to not
lose my freakin sister who's my Hayley
run naked no on that note
