pretty pretty pretty pretty darn
precious what it is Katie letting
shaycarl got the cutest kids and maybe
up on YouTube making all the Vince and
if you don't know I'm gonna tell you
like this like this like son's heart got
all the girls on them
got him wondering how'd he get so
handsome okay and baby turn she got that
baby girl swag she can get a little
crazy just like her dad what a rock tart
I see you starting the walk hit that
snaky leg then he hit the driver prison
start with you whack girlfriend back
handspring it's a perfect ten uh yeah
you know they PDF it be two years done
and he's on two three we're ready for a
bitty also let it be clear yeah maybe I
should be racing with you for them so
fast on your mark
oh really I totally couldn't tell I
think it was Logan that shapes over
Logan yeah I tried that's all you can do
out there you know she's got leave it
all in the Phil that's all I'm saying
yeah give 110% every time here can we
come home and winter neither you take
that to the bank
cash that check right cuz I sign it baby
booyah this is still cramped so I wasn't
there no one I did baby you know in your
heart that's what I live baby's in your
heart so every race that I ever even
began to read every race I entered I win
because I'm in your heart you know
Santos love winning love and winning
okay I was trying to get out of Shane
who I didn't even might have I saw my
wetsuit from behind pulled away from the
pack he probably beat me by like 15
yards or so impressive youngster coming
out of southeastern Idaho Logan McKay 55
lucky that I didn't great but I want to
be
 her
I got
in Taiwan not even a little dated about
about subbro you having fun fell wrong
now you're hanging out on the beach very
beautiful day here in LA
there goes Sun tired running across the
beach with the boogie board hey fun see
we don't need snow we just need a lot of
sand and an ocean all of her pretty that
is
and apparently is the most beautiful
watch me surf down mommy tired I'm gonna
surf down no it's not ready okay go down
there and watch I'm watching right here
cuz I'm gonna gonna make it with you
yeah we need it by Mars I missed it
Missy surfing down no I missed what he
just said watch out okay your turn turn
yo your surf ride the wave of life man
come on bro you do it bro every tired
alright did you eat it here comes mommy
tower and you two are down
fiendish slopes of doom Sontaran let me
see you surf all the way down there rock
hard riding the wave of life he doesn't
care if he's a baby nothing stops him
from getting on the front seat and
chilling down a hill of sand let's say
they would ride all the way down and
don't bail good yeah - the butt cracks
hey Rock tower nice ride that last run
bro go go oh he gets a little push and
he rolls - he's a little climber he
doesn't Tufted I bet you could climb way
better if you didn't have 6 pounds of
diaper hanging off him he's got a six
pound diaper weight hanging off from
whoa when we first moved to California
we went to Costco there was sleds for
sale and Costco and only why do they
sell sleds in Southern California well
every winter they're afraid of the ocean
coming in so they build these berms to
keep the ocean out they're perfect for
jumping down and surfing down let's say
that all right Brit to start oh right in
the eyes oh that is unfortunate
hold on mom will blow the yeah stand out
of there chalo goat bro him oh nice
brilliant go on right the sweet wave
yeah this is this is gnarly footage we
should have GoPros from every angle we
had 18 GoPros right now we couldn't
catch the vibrance of this moment right
guys yeah that's what I'm saying
we're having fun on the beach let's do a
little GoPro angle of rock target
climbing up the hill here he goes oh no
he might be coming down the hill
everybody watch out we have a baby
rolling down backwards he's stuck he's
got a precarious situation nice ride
that's right yeah fun bro hey I want to
get him on one all right come on rock
hard you want to ride one rock cards
gonna ride one down it's his turn all
right take all the way down there
correct hard on his maiden voyage solo
hey slide off this one your butt's not
heavy enough oh nice dude that's cool
hey let down a try it
danna-banana don't break your leg can't
play guitar with a broken leg
I don't think so ace I don't know how to
play the guitar so I wouldn't make sense
here goes Danna riding down watch y'all
nice success all the way first try like
a champion that was great hey ivy verse
snowboarded before now I haven't
actually just a lot of sand surfing huh
I think Rob's hard if you thought that
was good have some sand on you okay
looks like you gotta get job I wanna
throw him down there do
you ready where we goin bro for what
no dude you you don't know what you're
not seeing it right you can say like yes
yes Bob McHugh was here too
yes let's go okay ready to Casey's right
now for a big family barbecue monkeys
thank you for not breaking mason jar I
flipped the light off right when I flip
the light off I knocked that jar off the
counter whoa
the Sun tart jar almost was destroyed
but dude your face is what made it
strong
the face of sundered made this jar last
a lasting powerful jar that will last
into the future
hey where's the batteries yo CTFxC chips
dealer double A's so charge and then you
got a shaycarl shirt
hey bro go give me two doublea's with
you in our bedroom the battery boxes in
there hustle your love muscle go hustle
rustle brought nice nice welcome shirt
bro you want to show this this shirt I
wore tonight this is a large that's why
I learned this not because I like
Jackson Harris because I was excited
that I think you very large gotcha got
me two doublea's oh you're the best
battering fetcher ever thanks bro
alright let's go then eating chips and
salsa what yes I'll bring the baby in my
car that was not Joseph II okay here we
go hey you guys look like Edward hotdogs
hands hahahaha that's right you get some
fumes you ready
come here I got five hot dogs on a stick
five ho dogs on a stick for $2.99 that
tasty levears house yeah
five hot dogs I'm gonna steal five
hotels own a stick bab-oh dogs on a
stick
whoa baby hi hot dog in your eyes okay
here grab what's one you want take your
hot dog this is like the best tool ever
it's like perfect thank you I know both
like put roses on them I think so roses
can grow on them but it works perfectly
for a hot dog Tucker
yeah totally right you want five more oh
yeah like a Christmas drink dude that is
multi it's delish
what happened there no I did he really
sent our check once
I was gonna say you need to look that
dog a little dogie what's up more buy
more buy more hot dogs coming up that's
my job okay who goes there
easy easy cheesy cheesy baby tard oh let
me see that dresser that is oh and click
your heels together three times because
there is no place like home
my work days 25 more okay ten more now
these ten mo doggies on the grill won't
agree Oh Sophie Sophie you because I'm
not good this is fun and it really feels
it smells like winter out here we think
Dad we're camping in Los Angeles
instead put his dogs on a stick bro I'm
working on it okay that's a good idea
little pumpkin face that's my there's no
face but two little pumpkin faces out
here chillin by the fire what do you
want the socks this is my doing I really
wanted to be warm and comfortable and be
able to run about without any cares in
the world
a young lad that he is I love you baby
you having fun I think it's like summer
winter kind of it's like this weird mix
because it smells like winter but it
feels like we're having a barbecue and
summer so it's like I'm having like
these mixed emotions
anyways so gonna fly more hot dogs
shaycarl do you want a normal dog of
beef dog oh one of those yeah what's the
good one the other of give me a big boy
a hot dog yeah kasam you want a hot dog
you want a hot dog Carson I've delicious
okay okay you cannot click them to the
left for the yesterday's vlog or tell
that right for the podcast
they are both free to watch yes and so
good also
Shay is pickin Brett the intern up for
the airport tomorrow that is exciting
for bread you caught me I'm bread let's
play a little game by the way Shay if
you're watching this when you pick me up
at the airport tomorrow punch me in the
stomach clearly if you don't punch me in
the stomach tomorrow you do not watch
this all right bye
