okay it's one take Sunday and Sun tarde
tell me what you're doing dude he's
doing a report on blue whales they're 45
feet long
oh here we go here we go here we go 13 7
this is La Salette know they have
another time out don't they come on
don't throw it to Johnson oh here he
goes here he goes Johnson number 13 is
Miss to wide open passes if you're a
Bills fan being kc4 hanging out watching
a Sunday football robbed charged her
shopping or something we're doing what
are you doing with that purse don't
throw it to Johnson mustache man this is
an intense game this is the last play
five seconds Lance he's gotta throw into
the end zone he goes for it Oh Jets win
nice good job big big day if you're a
New York football fan think of all the
New Yorkers watching football right now
all right Sun tar did you figure it out
sometimes eight great wait sharks what
are they mostly they something that's a
lot smaller than a great white shark who
whales here's the crazy thing dude you
have to find out what they eat because
the blue whale is what is that the
biggest animal in the world right they
eat one of the smallest animals in the
world I'll give you a little hint so
find out what it is
sometimes they eat sharks possibly but
whales eat something else there's a lot
smaller okay so find out you can either
google it or go on YouTube hey remember
what I said this is a search bar to you
but you can type questions into there
like what do blue whales eat you can
just type in that and they don't they'll
just bring it right up and you can read
about it okay
so get back to me on that all right Rock
turn what are you doing are you doing a
book report or in a movie review on Mary
Poppins check out rock cards movie
review channel at rocked are reviews
movies come and on tonight's report I
think that the Dow is down VG you have
no idea what you doing you're laying in
a mess and you're playing me writing on
something you shouldn't or messing
something up this is a car password book
can't give that stuff away that's secret
dude alright so we just took grandma
grabbed up to the airport they're taking
off back to Idaho they have to go to
work tomorrow we're gonna miss some KC
is watching the commercials super loud
let's go see what the girls are doing
upstairs I bet you her bucks are making
a mess ladies what's going on up here
what song is it can we get a little
preview is baby tart in this trio of
music making
don't let that hinder you baby sorry you
can come up with the rhythm dude can you
do dance where is this oh I thought you
wrote this I'm like that's really good
but you're reading this where'd you get
this this is from school okay bro I
improve that's a Justin Bieber approved
what do you got up there dude dude there
and bite your face daddy's not daddy's
not almost 300 pounds anymore you can
climb up there
princess are you gonna sing the song let
me hear you sing the song dude these
lyrics aren't as good as last time now I
said what do you think about that baby
tired it's pretty impressive that was
good Prince a start uh-huh now how am I
gonna get down from here that's a long
drop Justin Bieber oh oh I landed in a
Barbie house I've landed in the Barbie
house in the fire I'm burning up
hey I like that son sing it to me again
Christmas
celebrate year by year the year thank
you christmas has coming up yes it is
yes it is yes it is it's a Christmas
time again you can use that if you want
it's a Christmas time but then take that
part you maybe even think about it I
don't know all right one takes Sunday
say bye
All Right see you guys
yeah we'll get ready for Christmas we
just took my parents home and we're just
hanging out I won't take Sunday watches
a foosball look the next game Oh to grow
up to these guys now show on the couch
all right love you guys check out if you
haven't
what the heck's it hope you guys haven't
watched mommy tarts Christmas video yet
her in Cali that will get you the
Christmas mood check it out links below
love you guys what who went what whales
eat
looky what did you what do L Z so it
should be right-handed here that's not
here did you type it up in here all
right like this enter what is it
all right we're searching for what do
blue whales eat we'll figure it out all
right see you guys bye
