pretty pretty pretty pretty darn
precious what it is Katie letting
shaycarl got the cutest kids and maybe
up on YouTube making all the Vince and
if you don't know I'm gonna tell you
like this like this like son's heart got
all the girls on them
got him wondering how'd he get so
handsome okay and baby turn she got that
baby girl swag she can get a little
crazy just like her dad what a rock star
I see you starting the walk hit that
snaky leg then he hit the driver prison
start with you whack girlfriend back
handspring it's a perfect ten uh yeah
you know they PDF AP two years done and
he's on two three we're ready for a
bitty also let it be clear
hey new trick all right let's it nice
Brougham how do you call that trip oh
dude I'm sure would I was hoping you
would ask ax last time I hit my head on
the pillar stop this to be exciting them
ever offer us offering us a lot that was
very oblique kick land at this time then
you get a shuttle nickel ooh one more
time I believe in you okay
Logan what you're not what brother are
you yeah it's hard to keep track nice
wolf shirt homie land this one skater
died bro skidder died
you don't skate you're gonna die
one right off yeah I do just right off
it do a sweet Papa wheel you got a sweet
Papa Willie in you know it's pretty
radical yes I'm charging you right off
of it like that and try it bro just
right just go fast and just drop off
just like that you know in fact Riley I
think your teeth will end up on the
ground that's happen that would be bad
I already know to make her studio all
right it is now officially black sunday
Black Sabbath what is it it's the
shopping day of the biggest steer of all
the days I don't know we haven't shopped
it all today actually the only
patronising of businesses we've done
this we just bought some movie tickets
to go see Hugo in 3d at 7:30 with Casey
laughter are you mocking me behind my
back
are you mocking me behind my back Carly
Stiles and whorin see my serve is always
hey Prince start excited to see Hugo you
guys excited
it seems like I'm always carrying kids
yeah you're a professional kid carrier I
like that jacket dude show me that
jackets Harley like that for her I like
your hairstyle it's like a new dude for
you I like yours too excited to see the
movie yeah I saw the preview Rob it
looks good we're gonna see Hugo now
we're gonna go out to dinner
- Tony peas some of you guys asked us
sometimes we always go to this
restaurant the same restaurant where
Casey let the Chinese handcuffs on fire
it's called Tony peas doc sidebar
gorilla Marina del Rey we like you says
he looks so
tonight it's Christmas time in the city
the corner and ring gets busy now
because speaking away check out mommy
tarts new video we are here going
nothing what's going on told you to
break it break it down did you break it
down
princess art did he break it down then
how he broke it down just like that do
you want to break it down mommy turn
break it down break it down break it
down in Pentos or break it down yeah
Candace knows how to break it down bro
Thanks breaking it down oh snap take a
break it down break it down town hey mom
we break it down break it down bro do
the dougie Jackson you break it down
teach me how to dougie teach you teach
you how to dunno I saw an amazing dougie
today five
Disneyland without you ticker Dougie's I
think raywilliamjohnson linked it Tigger
your and boom like do the cat daddy
dougie
it's pretty awesome mom say on the food
Sarah come to the dougie sorry dude
she's just gonna do the dougie real
quick we're ready to get wet we
apologize doing the dougie
it's about that time again imagine some
melty marshmallow chocolate eNOS really
get it in there cats they're all the
same else ever a world do you iCarly I'm
thinking this chocolate have you guys
been vlogging me vlogging myself but
there's Casey there's Logan then there's
Kayleigh no silly monkey they're outside
while we're in here messing around this
one smells good what's funny you like
that one very mistletoe oh look Kassem
Daisy we're doing audio for you guys you
can stop smelling that I like it me
laughing filming you guys you wanted it
smell it into that damn mother what you
get oh that's good dude I'm getting one
of those white cherry nice call bro I'm
gonna get one of those check out the
chocolate
sniffing though really let it off don't
be afraid Freddy laughing that's from
the flavor making it I am bro that's not
like the air this is what worse than
anyone I think it smells good though it
smells good but it's like everything
else is like so leaves poetic wreaths
good you know we're just waiting for a
movie to start and we just ate at Tony
peas guess what I was telling you guys
by the place we met the dude Tony
himself after we're done sick I'm Tony
we're like Tony of winter jerk and
that's one that'll probably be better
once it's lit but it doesn't smell very
good unless you know there's there's
that you just take into consideration
kirlyam Maria what Merry Christmas Happy
Holidays Happy Thanksgiving
all right we just got out of the movie
we saw the movie Hugo I'll tell you what
I will not go to that movie ever again
it was man I don't know tell me what you
guys think if anybody's seen Hugo was
really boring to me I was like I think
airs like oh over I was trying to sleep
at one point I thought okay let's be a
good like two hours to get a little nap
in I was trying to put my head on Lonnie
to our shoulder I was getting like a
king can just wasn't working and I try
to eat as much like Bush as I could and
then I got sick film preservation that's
probably why he's so attracted to the
story Martin Scorsese directed Danny Boy
Johnny Depp produced it or no maybe it
was more of a story it was just was
really like that's exciting about that
entire movie from someone who's actually
had Carly Stiles pinches but it's not
all sunshine and butterflies
it hurts and in the holidays it gets
worse three to five but pyncheons go
unreported in the Carly Stiles household
every day and that number just keeps
growing so if you've ever had your butt
pinched and you've been a victim of but
pinching Carly Stiles if you're
listening to this stop it anyway so
check out yesterday's video check out
the new Katie let Callie singing video
it is awesome and yeah Brett Stoll
Chicago chase still in LA and soon that
will change happy holidays and Merry
Christmas too soon
yeah Happy Hanukkah Kwanzaa I don't know
all right I'll talk to you later bye
