you've got the moves and
skills you're on a mission to kill the
world good sunshine your pdi-p
impression
oh and big
I just wanna
Thank You Shane and Katie their son
jarred and Princess started maybe
talking rock-hard and now like I said up
the Capri Thanksgiving everybody we are
here at the beach on our Thanksgiving
morning we got the turkey in it's
cooking most everything is mostly
prepared so we will be ready in time but
if we came up to the beach to enjoy
morning and maybe work off some calories
before we eat our calories look how
beautiful it is
oh my gosh so pretty today look at that
oh wow awesome we're here my sister
Candace and she lives not close to the
ocean so she loves to come and see the
ocean oh no the kids are already getting
wet
I'm gonna go stop them we got the kite
out wait I didn't even see oh geez guys
here
nice job Logan finally got it up excuse
me that's me on Thanksgiving
O'Shea Kyle you make it look so smooth
named it so easy
they will upon this forever I know this
is the first time we've actually floated
me it is is it really yeah ridiculous
that we live here this long and never
you say we as in I fly it sometimes
where's my wife oh just flying the kite
again hey baby boy is exact it will take
you out it's happened to me before
hey baby boy come here oh gosh I better
get out of the way - hey bro I'm not
sure you're supposed to be standing on
the table but you like standing on the
table you say as you stomp your feet
incredulous ly I need more of the
popcorn that yummy yeah he's saving that
piece for later that's not even a piece
of popcorn I'm not sure that is easy
cheesy hey mami tarde your baby's on the
table stomping and eating popcorn step
in the cake put your feet in there that
would feel cool try it between your toes
stomp it stomp in it put your foot in
their backyard put your foot in there
rock guard put your foot in there put
your foot in there you can do that
hey who are you holding there that
little guy hi DIYers
shove your face in it no you better not
just once that only will take once and
I'll be gone Rock cards eaten all the
popcorn no no no all right Punk listen
you need to go down you need to get out
there front about or climb back up on
the table like I bet you'll do let's see
how this this whole thing worked out
that's why shield rocked hard to go
about his rock climbing skills
excuse me Cooper I need to climb up here
slaw give me some popcorn that's pretty
impressive climb see conkers he stands
he dips his finger and now he will munch
on the popcorn do you not suppose we
already have this beautiful spread the
turkey and the ham there's glass
encrusted ham and it's set for you
coming up so what happened is we had a
ham in the oven in case you want to pull
the ham out and you know when like a hot
glass you run like cold water and a hot
dogs just like shatters and that's what
happened to the pan that they have with
it there were a couple that had camera
so if we guessed it it was on camera
fine here's the ham we took off the
first layer so there's no glass and we
are ready to thanks giving it up let's
go you know I was mocking you in the
back I did not know that but you can
mock me any type of salt just to about
to you later
okay who's on I said
a secretion of crazy stuff I don't wanna
be the first one I think okay okay okay
have it super bation I've watched all
the kids haven't eaten either food I've
just been watching and I want to
celebrate things give me know myself sit
sit sit sit
nice nice yeah go oh yeah you want to
come to set
Malik I need ya don't let him take it
from you don't let her take it from you
okay
he didn't sit you got to make him do
what he says watch no no let me do it
let me know Alki sit sit shake shake
shake hit the meat with your palms
shake shake shake or film this watch how
tall I can get ready cup just hipster
stories are dominant happy Thanksgiving
everyone if you want some leftovers we
got plenty
you want some leftovers what do you want
what's your stuffing for roll you want
the popcorn it looks good huh some
delicious popcorn right over there
you have good Thanksgiving he's excited
cuz I gave him a ham watching foody Jack
Malachi there's your Thanksgiving snack
you want a little snack that dog is as
big as your ears like what is it words
of movie oh they were get her get him
Capri
she's feisty like her mom I think she's
trying to taunt you Malachi meet her I
got five month free get her yeah get her
what would we all feel bad if he just
like took one bite of her and she was
gone
oh sorry Carly I'll get your new one you
know okay come on it's okay you could
play don't step on it though don't step
on it yeah no don't worry he'll be nice
he'll be more afraid of that dog dinner
rock tart rock guard oh sorry make up
come up with this door for me I've
locked out oh my god am I scared of I'm
scared of I scared oh my god we gonna
they locked me out I'm locked out of the
house
what me and I want to come in daddy
wants to come into the house he's locked
out of that cell by Meg skinny oh I was
just crying says lockdown that's doing
you like some finder no I did I've been
taking the garbage job I taking the
garbage jack I don't know those my nose
stance was like tricky it totally does
turkey fingers right on my face all
right good job did we did I'm proud of
you that was like almost 30 people that
we get a count do we ever get an
official count it will have to sit there
and think about it for a minute but we
can come to encounter way yeah we're
about 30 people or a guy you did well
we're a little dude good game me and
mommy Turner were just talking because I
just put I just put the ham out in the
because we have freaking so many eat
leftovers and so much freaking food
leftovers there's tricky saying like
cheesy you knows I have extradition
we got stuffing lift
overs and all kinds of crap that we're
never gonna eat probably yes we well
we're I just told mommy her I said we're
just so basically gonna get it all out
and do it again tomorrow early yeah
that's like lunch tomorrow joy of
Thanksgiving it's like Thanksgiving
again you literally have the exact same
you know we have to go stuff what either
do we really and I'm I bet you're not
complaining I am I am I happened with
the Jim DiNardo work on I just eat
teacher chunky monkey and I all right
this is the dead bird now to clean them
off should try to scrape more up what
should do with it I'm tired of picking a
team a locality it yeah he probably
would choke to this Happy Thanksgiving
oh this is gonna say you never really
think about it like cuz we had this
giant ham right and I was like looking
at it should I not talk about it okay I
won't think about I was like just in
there imagining that ham as I was
looking at it cuz I was putting it in
the container to put it in the fridge
monstro monitor shows I'm a cam just say
I was just like looking at I'm like why
is it shaped like that I was just like
why is it so round like that I'm like oh
that's like basically the butt of pig I
like saw the actual animal for what it
was and I'm like that's basically like
piglet just laying there I don't want to
have any more but I start talking about
the chargon same thing yeah look at
little ribcage little bird the first
knot is bad for me they have the little
piglet lay in there I'm just like no I
don't like it
yeah it's not doing well now that we've
thoroughly disgusted you and that you
hate us and you stop watching our vlog
let's talk about ice cream if I ice
cream cool hwhip oh the Cool Whip was
delicious vanilla ice cream where is all
the pies from other friends we have two
fridges a memo outside okay I would show
you guys okay d's wanna see you too
Karen alright okay so we go out here
this is where we keep our other food if
one giant box isn't enough what do you
got to have you got to have two boxes of
folks ridiculous this is what fed 30
people today and these are the leftovers
and it will feed probably twelve of us
tomorrow anyways Happy Thanksgiving to
everybody very grateful be very grateful
it's ridiculous to even have two fridges
full of food like this there's people
who would be lucky to have you know a
sixteenth of them or
any of it you know so if you can you
know just try to help out around the
holidays honey should we do anything to
help out we need to donate I'm just
thinking how ridiculous it is we're like
look at all this food and some people
are like starving to death in the world
makes me feel guilty
how think is giving for at least five
people that would have been a long
that's true those six of you five of you
how many of it there's like five or six
of people who didn't because their
families live somewhere else and they're
just here in LA so they came to our
house we fed five lonely souls today
that give me any solace I don't know but
anyways Happy Thanksgiving
try to help out be grateful for what you
have no matter what you have that's the
point of it all if you have a teen for
just full of food if you have no fridge
is full of food but it just be grateful
that you have a fridge maybe there's
always something to be grateful for and
I'm grateful for everything in my life
especially I was just a Kasim's house
and I made everybody go around the room
and say watching they're grateful for
and I said I was truly grateful for my
wife as I love you Anderson M hey do you
want a foot massage but all all
thousands of you put your feet out can
you imagine the other shoes we really
have a little bit of like a good night
desserts me we're gonna watch the movie
me Mom retarded and watch movie what do
we want anymore watching Captain America
is that what it's called Thank You
Captain America hold still no close your
robe there were to eat pie work Heidi of
high and cool hwhip I don't have any
dessert yet so I'm gonna allow myself I
did it had like a little nibble of those
chocolate chip cookies alright guys
Happy Thanksgiving we love you see you
tomorrow bye all right let's call
Shaffer Nance late hey Shay Happy
Thanksgiving
wait who is that cuz a Gravatar wait I
can't even
that Carly Stiles
my bread is Karla Schlosser voice you
too crazy monkey I'm here at gasoline
Omari Carly and Jackson are here now
we're going to go to dinner
Karan let me give Kassim a kiss on the
cheek from it oh yeah beautiful song of
Christmas she is a very pretty good said
boys lottery since you guys come back
going back to call me later
I'll tell you later love you bye
