you've got the moves and
skills you're on a mission to kill the
world good sunshine your pdi-p
impression
oh and big
I just wanna
Thank You Shane and Katie their son
jarred and princess start and maybe tard
and rock tart and Malachi said oh - I
wonder if you're allowed to film the
cops we're at LAX I think they're out
disguising excute and there's me at ton
get over my poor dad asked to come in
tomorrow and my mom was just telling us
on the phone that the lady at the
airport said that wage goes just wait
till tomorrow it's gonna be so how did
she think like this was way that she was
like she goes you just wait till
tomorrow
and it was just in her face she looked
in her eyes and she goes she could touch
was serious cuz I was like this you just
wait til tomorrow
it is so crowded and busy that's what
she said so my dad has to come into LX
Mar cuz if I go the holiday traffic my
dad's gonna be like wait it is so
entirely excited to see your grandma
excited you see your grandma or your
uncle Logan more grab ah
oh snap uncle Logan and just final sunt
are our young mother I almost about to
pass him and subscribers he's killing me
I need to uh made a big push you need to
make a freaking video dude where have
you been Gladys 24:08 oh yeah we gotta
go five people are asking where the
videos KC that I'm you're a Kenai might
and laughs now who you haven't didn't
get I made one today they wouldn't
upload some uploaded tonight it was a
good video I work hard on that check it
out guys gonna get my mom and my brother
and dad's coming in tomorrow to be a big
family Thanksgiving we just decided
we're gonna go on Thanksgiving Day we're
gonna go down on the beach and go play
football and soccer oh you know where my
football shoes down there you got your
SD beer darts the frames go with the
blue one dude you're like my spawn these
are my action my basketball should I pay
you
kicks I've got football kicks oh we're
down on the beach
I pay you to be my my shoe sponsor
probably help out hey probably wear a
pair of my aunt let's do this - let's
make the wager I'll be first captain and
you be second captain and we'll play
soccer and are and whoever team wins
let's make a bet on something well then
go a good bet and then we'll our teams
will play it's gonna be a family
showdown this this Thanksgiving on the
beach it's gonna be fun there should be
like 25 of us there just keep going you
guys seen anybody that we know okay mom
and lowly guys jump in hi good to see
you guys ready to go there hi how was
your flight
it's actually really good was it really
well swell man I got some pretty
pictures because I saw this guy getting
on the plane and he had a big old camel
bag and a hip big old camel and so happy
looking for yes I said I said hey I have
some for you he's like what I had to
melt jerky then he showed me a deer they
had his son shot in Montana made friends
with that or the elk hunter and he shot
he shot nail Kanna did you bring some of
my jerky mom yes you gotta smell my hog
is it good the elk that I shot when we
were in cases took me on my hunt she
brought some of the jerky here for us to
house he showed me the picture of that
deer yes you do it okay my mom the
brothers here I love that my mom just
like randomly just walks up to a dude
that's camel on and just offers him
dried meat from it you read at the
airport thing any dried meats are not
supposed to be distributed amongst other
people and your son okay you excited to
see you is he freaking out hello just
feel loved I like I loves grandma hard
oh grandma we missed you excited to your
grandma mom this is Alessandra on a
paper you saw in the paper there's a
paper you Thomas virat oh I love this
trick dress that is a silly cool man
looks like he got oh my god like Dario's
got the plane
shadow like four inch stiletto I'm
wearing jeans tennis shoes with a
sweatshirt yeah you tell you get a mom
no way where did you find this mom my
mom just sent me a package this is mine
okay let's jam to that will listen to it
as we drive milk one as we go to eat
dinner listen to it when I was in I was
hiding in high school choir 1997 to 1998
I worked a lot of hours on these 22
songs to make this album
well jam before you guys in the truck
I'm excited to let you hear it dude I'm
see a jacket bro come here into the
light it gave me like a spin around dude
whoa
Michael Jackson one guy there we need
rainbow go ahead oh yeah Meet the
Fockers this is where they filmed that I
know I remember I remember seeing in the
video on the den it was movie levar
burton yeah that's right he is in Star
Trek nice leather jacket bro
yeah Reading Rainbow so we are here at
the warehouse it's in Marina del Rey
it's this famous restaurant where lots
of famous people have been filmed the
movie Meet the Fockers here there's Bob
Hope's been here famous people like
these people and there were some of
those people Carly Stiles was here one
time diesel people were here with those
people and they came after those old
people were here it was awesome local
tea we're gonna be mad at ya they're
gonna haunt you and you're under service
okay so we are all fluttery getting the
house in a clean flurry I don't even
know what that means but we're getting
the house clean and look where we found
wrapped are configured a chair a stool I
think the girls put the stool there but
he moved the chair because I heard it
squeaking on the floor and I was doing
to figure out the door what are you
doing dude you know it's not a really
good place for you to be oh thank you
thank you like a safe please they seem
pleased you can't you can't
that's not a place for you no no it's
not gonna yeah yeah why don't you flog
your massage Shay big fancy pants mr. La
tache before the big holiday even along
that we're here getting ready for
Thanksgiving oh we are we are told you
20 times more times of Thanksgiving
Escanaba oh hey guess what guess what I
have surprise for my mom and a single
secret oh well I'm scared too Wow let me
show you want to show you is going on
here with your brother and she won't
walk with your the Candy Man can Willy
Wonka man oxm came out of the TV Oh
mommy sergeant get any candy do not talk
poorly about the candy man the Candy Man
can
isn't it great having all my brothers
and sisters here my brother-in-law's
here what oh I don't know so this shows
you can even hit the well I would yell
like that too if I had spaghetti all
over my face or lasagna or whatever you
got are you pissed I'd be pissed too
thirsty is thirsty
blah blah blah it's really dirty is
thirsty it's your turn when's dad
getting here mom now I wonder the
airport to me cry no crabbiness
is only drug in the water alright you
gonna massage Casey's face it stink I'll
give you a condom and things
now your massage I can check tomorrow
what I can watch it Rockies you're gonna
watch the Candida - duck - that's
deducted and collect up all the cream
the Candy Man can retire liquor can
cause he mixes it with love makes the
world taste good the clunker caramel in
the middle I'm after workout I'm gonna
go for a 15 mile run de barros my goal
I'm gonna do it I got my shayloss
channel on my sock line
hey your sisters here your sisters here
to see you for Thanksgiving
your cousin is here cager hey baby tardo
what are you doing excited for
Thanksgiving quick just be your sister
my sister's here she's excited mommy
tired sister drove here from a couple
states away to come see some
Thanksgiving all right we're here at LAX
once again I'm gonna pick up grandpa
tard and supercard
how many days in Rose has been for you
at the airport KC um seven seven days in
the airport who vo I even pick it up I
landed you landed in town I landed in
town I had to go back the next day and
get my luggage I dared to go to Long
Beach you get that
yup had to pick Carly up had come pick
you up how to come pick mom up last
night now or coming to the big pickup
grandpa turn to for tard the cops are
still out here we're thinking it's gonna
be pretty busy in here because it was
just backed all the way up because it's
Thanksgiving so we might be in a like
mayhem of cars right now here we go
let's say strings of stoplights even
some light blink right red and marine
it's exciting it is the day before
Thanksgiving the airport's put a pound
it's crowded ire so we're just kind of
like waiting for my dad because the
the runway is so crowded that they can't
find a spot for the planes we're out
here waiting check out how busy it is
pretty dang busy out here so we're just
waiting for my dad and Cooper coming in
for Thanksgiving exciting it's the
holidays mommy's baby's home
your mommy look at this little dog hey I
want to see him in Malachi together no
neither does he my dad's here really a
lot maybe just a time what do you think
of our house dad do you like it yes I
know rubber bounced right off the beat
yeah I want to see Malachi eat this dog
as a snack I still put your dog in a spa
earlier oh you know the kind of walk get
in this dog chart marking back I got hey
you guys when this is going up I think
this is going up the day after
Thanksgiving little sneak preview
mommy tart and Callie hey check it out
Oh Christmas album
guys so that's coming the day after the
after Thanksgiving I think on money
charts show here's mommy charts sister
you guys look so much alike now that
like almost said now that she's getting
older but you're all growing up maybe
kids are you're getting so old look at
me look so much alike I think out of all
the sisters you two look the most alive
yeah put your faces together right you
guys do that to you you're both pretty
dad let's put our faces together are we
the same as it eyes I'm better looking a
lot of people have said that we do look
a lot alike my grew goatee and was a lot
less handsome I'd probably look just
like this guy right but you can't Bowl
as good as made up hahaha let's go to
that clip right now Bret so you just
find him a click find him a clip that's
it my job mom
alright yeah that was my get hurt that
hurt I was just acting what acting dad a
tinhorn honey this is amazing you sound
and look fantastic when is that going up
the day after Thanksgiving lee yunae
after these dimming up on youtube and
itunes day after thanksgiving you guys
check it out on mommy turns Channel it's
awesome
sounds right oh my Wow anger anger
that's yeah no that's unacceptable that
is unacceptable this is the classical
versions of the Coldplay songs that's
right no no don't touch it yeah wait no
no no see we gotta let it watch this is
how you guys see this little bar down
here that has to load see a little gray
bar that's loading the video it's
bringing the information from the
Internet to our computer so we have to
like let it load so we can watch it
smoothly so it doesn't stop like that
once it's all gravy yeah once it's all
grey or we get ahead enough to let it'll
load as we watch you got to get a little
head start somebody can do that too but
then if you you risk the chance of
catching up to it anybody knows what I'm
talking about okay we're going to get my
mom right now but this you guys watch
this video it's amazing I cried maybe
you will cry rocked hard you think you
can give your future wife he always
cries at weddings I know that's one
thing about him that I loved whether
he's a wedding crier it's more like a
more like please take the baby out of
the event center kind of cry so
everybody please go watch this video
that you know what I love about this
video is you don't have to speak a
language or even know who Charles and
Ali are to a respect like the love story
that you see in this video it's an end
the cinematography Corey Vidal and his
team the people who made this heck of a
job it is a masterpiece of a video it's
amazing
I can't say higher praises about it I'm
not going to show you any more seriously
go watch I deserve to watch it your eyes
your heart love deserves to have it be
seen by everybody in the world
seriously it's that common goal watching
alright so there you go Happy
Thanksgiving
let's go everyone look at mama record
promises mom this is recording right now
but the hour yet alright guys I have to
go shower cuz my mom's making me make
sure to check out yesterday's video new
podcast anything else mom husband if -
shake - okay and I'll shit uh happy
things here than any Thanksgiving love
you bye
