you've got the moves and
skills you're on a mission to kill the
world good sunshine your pdi-p
impression
oh and big
I just wanna
Thank You Shane and Katie their son
jarred and princess Carter may be tarred
and rock hard and now like I said oh all
right we're out of here
sad comes and goes so fast a vacation
does that it was nice refreshing a few
days we missed the kids ton we're headed
back today beautiful view this is our
hotel room oh so pretty
loved it sitting in the pwill weeks at
in the pool I jumped off of this balcony
one times pretty intense
don't try jumping off balconies at home
kids it's kind of unsafe turns out I
broke my leg no I didn't that's a lie
why am i lying all right we're leaving
honey we got to go the maids are kicking
us out you want us to vamanos go get
everything stepped in your mochila you
need to sit on it so you can shut it so
all the crap you got in there yeah yeah
I think we got it all yeah pretty sure
Vera
oh dear my round 12 that's my usatoday
if they put it on my door I'm gonna read
it on the aeroplane I'm gonna try to
look smart and read a newspaper
all right I think something awesome do
that old I was watching the video the
other day when you're doing the old lady
when you were in Cali we're going
shopping at Costco and you had all those
your boots
okay so last night when we came back to
our hotel there was this pretty freakin
sweet truck here and the reason I
thought it was sweet is because he kind
of has the same rims as me these are
like the I guess are called xt rims and
I was like oh sweet truck man nice rooms
bro and then I came out here this
morning and guess what happened he had a
baby and there's a different one this I
don't know whose trucks these are but I
don't know why they have a
black-and-white version but they're
basically the same exact truck just
different color cysts power stroke nice
trucks bro yeah
appreciate that I got appreciate nice
truck
I'm motto Wolf's motto we appreciate the
truck that's why I'm driving the Nissan
bubble here we're driving this Nissan
bubble and get seventy nine point six
miles a gallon
Nihal it's a Lamborghini I think there's
some rich people sit in there literally
at a nice on the bubble they have a car
called a bubble they need a car called
the bumper stuff but it looks like a
bubble pop a bubble bro bro bro hey
we're leaving my job on your wedding
Congrats you got married I want to show
you guys this really quick look at this
Charles has every iPod ever made by
Apple it's crazy
this is the first iPod ever can you
imagine like taking this to Steve Jobs
when he first came out with it I mean
like this is what they will look like in
the future how much smaller that is it's
crazy
I still have technology I'm stealing
some of Charles okay bro keep getting
busted or stealing stuff yeah wait till
I come back
LA yeah yeah house now there's four kids
you just grab a couple of those yeah
all right before we leave we thought we
better drive down here to the siesta
Keys Beach because apparently it is the
number one beach in America so we
figured if we're next are close to the
number one beach in America let's go see
it so now we're down here check it out
at Siesta Key Beach and this sand is
just like snow like white oh wow it
feels like powder like baking soda it's
cool I'm excited to take my shoes off
and run in it it was squeaking huh it's
squeaky oh we can we can in the sand
here we are on the beach take our shoes
off and walk in the beautiful squeaky
sand it feels so cool between your toes
it's weird it's not like normal sand
it's like really fine look how pretty my
toenails are don't you guys lack oh I've
been reading in the comments a couple
people asked Shea if it wasn't for your
wife and kids we would think that you
were little light in the loafers we're
light in the loafers and I'm wearing my
purple sunglasses that her mommy tards
also these are with the eagle eyes I
don't have any so I'm wearing purple
glasses with yellow toenails reason I
pay my tono is because I like it I
remember I used to have I felt like I
had up Leto's I felt like my toenails
are ugly so the first time when Princess
started painting my nails I'm like oh
it's like kind of better actually like
my toenails don't look so disgusting so
I'm like I'm gonna should freakin paint
them from now on
I like this I guess yeah I am funny guys
this is sweet
stop bars are common funny huh arrey the
cookie
there's a ton of birds he's ready for
this you know what I'm about to do
maybe I'll get poop on me I'm gonna risk
it for you guys okay I'm gonna piss all
these people off probably too honey
watch actually honey come here
film me I'm gonna chase them you guys
ready here I go that's awesome
do there's so many of them well it's
official the ocean in Florida is a lot
warmer than it is in California Wow yeah
this is pretty surfboards out here it's
way warmer than it is in LA wow that's
nice do you think bad one hang out lay
on the white sand beaches
okay you guys that will just
and after sand they're still selling my
shoes
from that beach that betrayed their how
crazy that sand that Beach on my shoes
up in the air right now are small
so cool for the kids couch is like a
strip of land and they built all these
building lines there man's crazy
there's only five stairs and ladders
besides I'm sorry for doing this I'm
really sorry you guys would slide down
two things you got buzz did you have a
good time that was fun
okay you guys do think that we should
try a farther slide this way we're going
to set the camera on its side so you
guys can see as you're coming down the
stairs just go along with it
just what is it what is the term just
patronize me what is it that just humor
me okay go to the top and slide it down
I'll be waiting for you guys down here
Kate go with mommy turkey
wait a minute guys I'm sorry that you
get roped into this just as well as I
but it just means that you are part of
the family now are you ready okay I hope
I don't break you I'm sorry if I do like
this I know it's gonna flip all right
then it worked very well the camera
turned off
I found one once and I felt weird I felt
like I get a neck brace on does that
work I know I didn't really think mine
work that well lisanova swears by him
but I didn't I didn't like it that much
I prefer one of these I can you stick
your head under it'd be worth a try I
feel like it needs to attach right here
yeah like clown why don't you get that
because then I can lay my head right now
Oh Los Angeles California
here it is the LAX Airport has today's
vlog been boring it's just us in
airports all day we had to fly across
the country it's not that exciting just
sat on airplane probably had fun sliding
down the other measures have blood
sliding down the escalator that was fun
surprisingly feels good to be back in
California
what oh yeah that's right it's isn't it
like when you're like flying oh my god
like I feel like you're at home almost
like yeah smart kids art well I know
that was a dumb thing to say being in LA
it's weird that it like feels like home
now like coming back here I don't know
what I'm talking is where you're
freaking kids are sleeping no me and
Casey camp on the news saying home is
where your wife tells you to go home is
worth here what hey I don't care if rock
guard is sleeping or not I'm waking him
up when I get there I'm getting him out
of bed I don't care if he's sleeping I'm
gonna wake him up I'm gonna kiss him
back to sleep there's a baby on the
plane that I was looking at I'm like ah
what does that leave you let me borrow
her baby to bite its feet for a few
minutes I really like bite this baby
saying right now eat is gonna pick us up
who's picking us up hey guys ready I'm
gonna drop you this time ready ha broke
super sarang's pants what's going on hey
bring me that baby surprise
no I didn t leave a message on my phone
or mom's yeah hi my phone's dead
oh boy okay he's like hi give me hug you
miss me give me kiss hey give me that
pumpkin I want this book did you miss me
I'm having it yeah I'm not any it's yes
did you miss your daddy huh
hey comic it's alright we just got a
present from Sun tart I love you so much
mom and dad I miss you so much I hope
you come 50 cents what's the fifty cents
for you hey honey I got a quarter for
you are you excited
who's been eating chocolate hey baby
transmitting all the chocolate baby tart
it looks here that you've been eating
all the chocolate is this true have you
been eating all the chocolate Tom who's
that is that princess tard yes that's
son tired and there's mommy card dude
sundar if you put mommy tart in a
shaycarl shirt it says SC on there does
mine say vlog on it is that Malachi or
is that Tina the llama right there it
looks like Tina the llama maybe how
about some plants you miss me you miss
me pot o your sluggish true or just you
baby trying to missed you
cutie face cutie face McGillicuddy Kenny
buddy my friend Marcy your present mommy
thar got you a cool present like hangs
on my wall it's like a thin gauge your
rager what's up dog what you've been
doing
what's this I love you did you write
this princess card yes I love you so
much I like you so much
yes you are I are yes are you are nice
so much I miss you so so much I miss you
so so much
oh that's a cool
sure that's for mommy target we'll give
it to our shoes and I love that
wait a minute you gave that to me
already what are you some sort of person
who give something and takes it back but
somebody's supposed to say what do you
mean like an Indian giver and then I was
just like yes I'm too familiar with that
term that's from Seinfeld oh happy water
friend is it for yourself sure yeah so
she got to come over to our school in
the library I got to meet her officer
suit
oh she's a police officer what she said
um did she start you for drugs - Illya
anything like that
oh okay gosh my coffee I missed you I
missed you I saw I saw Joey and Marley
I saw Joey Marley Malachi you got to
meet those guys you still have met them
yet they could be your two girlfriends
another present there's all kinds of
presents thank you all right so this is
the present that Mommy jar got for the
kids at the airport and he loves it come
on Jenny ready Betty is favorite thing
oh nice catch princes darn anyway she's
come to my church already pretty oh all
these spiders drop maybe tart no out
hard this is a Chuck in check oh oh it
landed on the camera all right ready
rock tart I'm gonna really Chuck he
likes me to really smack it up there
ready watch ready ready one shoe it
takes forever if you draw really hard
he loves it Oh
like free oh man
I think that was this first one you know
your throw it up you throw it up there
shuck it up there dude yeah chuck it up
there he's right it is really tough let
me do that one watching the guys on the
wall how's it doing the law I think he
likes your present curls down I think
you can get real well I like Senate like
that and I remember having like the
little hands that you'd let you yeah
remember like that like the hands you
like throw it smash with it yeah let him
grab get it dude
all right rocked I ready one more time
ready 1 2 3
it's funny I can watch him well like a
halo all right let's see you can make
there stick to the roof the longest one
Blue Bay ready ready you have to throw
it at the same time wait wait wait wait
each of you doing maybe tard grab yours
Rock buddy your vacant wagers he's like
trying to make bets
he's over here hustling Hey okay Rock
card you can have it she's gonna throw
up against the roof okay okay on the
count of three ready guys whoever stays
up on the roof the longest wins you guys
ready one two three throw it baby sorry
princess hard-wearing nothing yeah you
need a ratchet another round
okay why you just throw yours up there
because if her stays longer still oh I
was gonna say that'd be embarrassing if
I sped up longer Rock turn watch ready
ready Betty quadri
102 see ya it's like ass listen uh
excuse me a pill I guess alright
goodnight love you okay everybody this
is Batman
shut your mouth Batman Batman is in
charge Jenna and then it okay you guys
ready watch this
are you pumped are you super excited you
got excited all in here excited please
you're all here take your cake sighs
okay babe excited you make this super
loud yeah so mega laughs okay sorry
neighbors I know it's going to be
intense are you ready for this baby tard
okay you guys go check out this video
it's not right now my shaco channel will
check it out click right here do it
alright go check out the new shaycarl
video click it click it click it or
ticket is what the police officer would
tell you but you don't have to actually
wear a seatbelt while watching this
video unless you're driving while
watching which I don't suggest doing
although if you are just make sure to
thumbs up before you crash your car okay
so that's it Shaytards are back to
normal we have Shay back and the kids
and we're all one big happy family so go
check out the new shaycarl video there's
fire in it right bye
