Oh
dude this phone is for eighteen hundreds
did you know they had redial in the
1800s yeah that's cool bro they were
smart that's why I love Thomas Edison
it's not only did he invent the whatever
he reinvented but he made a great star
you're so smart all right where we going
tell them tell them all they don't you
are we got oh we're going to pick up
your pant too just trust me okay
do you just trust me and know to press
you set me up Ronit my pants because we
had to get them altered cuz I'm too
short little guy at all my anymore Tom
I'm 6 4 right yeah so funny personality
feel like you shorter I'm like 510 come
here close your eyes put your hand out
no like a wrist give me your wrist imma
put some on your wrist okay ready I'm
gonna give you the best bracelet ever to
be made okay what do you think kissing
frogs dude it's our love are such cute
right oh look at me I got giant balls on
my neck huh it looks like Christmas all
they did that fit little good I wanna
see does I think you should wear it to
the wedding I know it's like it's like
I'm not a Christmas decoration right
Lars I have a decoration even reads
really wears that's like like about
their car receding pins and they jingle
as they walk you know what I'm sayin if
you take those frogs off our love will
be gone and you'll get works on your
wrist could I help if I said it's $38 no
take that off
 come on I'm tired of shopping over
here come on let's go I got you a new
sign of our love
are you ready but your wrists out this
represents my love for you what do you
think huh that's wild
dude it's a panther bro that way and if
any boys try to come to you you just
hold that up and you strike this is a
husband hello buddy
get him get him some other ones over hey
I don't know weird Dillard's are some
weird bracelets here click oh no bro you
darling oh look at this technology no
water
these are waterless toilets and it's
kinda cute if you look right there it's
a little bumblebee that you're supposed
to pee on and there's no splashing if
you hit it right there it's like the
sweet spot they put this little tiny
bumblebee oh isn't it cute okay I guess
I shouldn't be flocking from a public
bathroom yeah hey we're at the wedding
all right turn off from your professor
sir it was weird seeing this one for the
first time I know is it crazy it's weird
I mean we've never seen him I know it's
good to see you and meet you for the
first time
oh no good dispenser my room okay so we
are here now at the only Guardian in a
fine Italian restaurant with us
oh here comes the appetizer it's Charlie
where's your Porsche bride-to-be
hey bride-to-be we'll go over there
check out this that put that by mine kay
Crosby Allison Rose speed you're fired
I'm fired all right so these are mommy
tards favorite chocolates in the entire
world we are leaving them here then this
is nice enough to put all of them there
so she comes back from the bathroom
right have a little gold luck of
chocolate surprise for I can't wait to
see the rash on her face it's gonna be
exciting
what do you think we left you a little
chocolaty surprise however I'm not
eating it anymore you're not gonna have
one it's really slow it was a really
skinny man without a beard it said you
like oh
you're not everyone if I can three good
billion that you love these chocolates
and come back everybody on the lips is
you want to stop it and you're gonna
come back to the walls just telling
exactly how I am going to throw up again
eats so much will go throw up and then
you cannot promoting please yeah don't
vomit kids I'm actually ever oh no I
can't grow stuff with my Chinese she was
like yeah little too much I'm gonna cut
you up you're cut off from the
breadsticks here to sorry things on your
video log ha video log with bad breath
with him hi Brett you've heard that name
can I ask for that what man what is this
the cake check it out
CJ of exceeds would that is so funny
wait I do love that so here we are
and this is really cool check out how
they did you know how like when you go
to weddings and they have like place
settings like at what table you said
honors the tables out here they have
your names written on these little
leaves here they're like these little
E's try to find oh look mr. and mrs.
Butler table 11
I know I must be cool tape we're sitting
with Jones here we are table 11 for mr.
innocent do we take that we've I don't
know do we take it now no no this is
pretty dang war Joss what fork in the
grass there's a fork in the grass watch
when you get to the fork in the grass
turn right so here we are at the
establishment this is very gorgeous I
think this is like an old manor like an
old house it is like the doors look like
castle door every Spanish style kind of
conquistadora and this must be like the
dance floor out here that's probably
where I'll be the king of I last night i
crowned myself prematurely of course the
king of the dance floor but I will prove
myself the king you just wait
got some special mouse this is exciting
it's like new moment a new relationship
it's about you for Wow if I fell in the
water that would what bad let's go play
some mud volleyball real quick why don't
you ever want to play mud volleyball
with me there's alligators in here I
think this job Colette you got a hold
still dude he's gonna get you dude
that's the red bill poisonous platypus
honey I'm sure don't distilled still
don't know show any fear you show fear
he can smell he's a fierce Mellor if
you're smelling duck right don't attack
me he's pretty he's just shaking his cal
feather well there's so much wild it's a
shake your tailfeather I don't like when
the duck comes towards me
mark more walk wow there are the
father's the fathers of the groom and
the bride they're gonna stage dive off
of there after the wedding iron state
they're gonna zipline actually it's a
zipline when Allie and Charles get
married you guys hear about this they're
actually getting married up on this
balcony and then after they're married
they get a zip line in a zip line down
here to the table yeah mix a travel take
his belt off and off he'll throw it over
this it'll be like Zorro and you're like
down there puppies puppies no peeing on
the wedding hahaha
Justin's the man coming and sharing the
commitment they make to one another we
offer our love and support to this union
to allow Allison and Charles stop their
married life together
surrounded by the people most important
to them people they love the most
so welcome one and all we love her
comfort her honor her and keep her in
sickness and in health and forsaking all
others will you keep only unto her as
long as you both shall live with you
Allison take this man to be your wedded
husband we love him comfort him honor
him and keep him in sickness and in
health and forsaking all others keep
only unto him as long as you both shall
live
and that your support in their marriage
we will
the wedding ring is one of the most
universal symbols of marriage these
rings being an everlasting token of your
affection sincerity
Fidelis for and to the power of their
love and commitment the power vested in
me by the state of Florida I now
pronounce them husband and wife run away
together now okay so we're in this house
to talk or is this that maybe that's an
intercom system yeah oh you hold the
section here you talk to us
hello yes hi Stu we patch me on to the
Smith residence Timmy's stuck in a well
okay bye
think about all the conversations that
have been on the thing if you can hear
every conversation that's ever been
Oh
some acoustical arrangements here
started on my debit card all right
the wedding is over they've moved all
the chairs out to the tables and now
it's time for us to zipline down to our
table we could soar oh yes I guess he
goes like pop pop pop that's a soro
movie through was belt over the wine
slid down like a zip line now let's go
down stock yeah I'm thinking of another
one
what Karate Kid the second one all right
yeah totes cuts we go right we're gonna
go down and hang out with all the peeps
at the wedding it was a fantastic
ceremony was beautiful munchies walk
down the stairs right because these are
pretty steep you want to come rolling
into your wedding so here we are at our
beautiful table it's great that's all
the people hair
across the country today so much thank
you so much for being here
- the last Philippine - I don't know
what dance we're doing
gotta go find my dance partner where'd
she go where's my dance partner oh she's
over here oh sorry sorry
action
they're cutting the game yeah yeah
you're like tip it over easy don't get
any on the dress again the delicious I
want some cake now this is my cake
where's they eat it at third eat an
apple in there throw it to my wife
this is the part where they throws the
kanga
I just like to say congratulations to
built DeFranco on his honest engagement
just happened
congratulations I'm so proud yeah
Justine you should have fought harder
you could have gotten rebound in it just
go nice to thank you you getting married
good times good times
why haven't you been in my blog that
like Qasim I'll Qasim I wanted to talk
to you guys about that I'm a talk loud
you're here good good good tasin wants
to talk to you guys about something he
wants to have a DTR tournament I said to
determine the relationship it's like a
serious talk like this
guys are even see Daggett seated and
everyone's wondering like hey our cast
mates a friendship because we don't see
him in these five minute videos second
minute is more like 25
I really should watch the shape we're
busy we're doing things but me and chase
still hang out all the time but we don't
hang out that's what I want to talk
about and I want to do more of that if
you guys have not do that I'm guys
having back cakes here I had three of
those oh look at her she's got all
Oh
good workout it's humid and Florida my
goodness feel like just like right
outside its humidity is killing minds
good my skin now my sweating
right
wanted to be dancing ever Charles
doesn't usually dance
actually let me go go down that alley
Oh more yank was the beautiful weddings
a good night Charles Ellie happily
married they are adorable
Everly maybe when the guy was talking
about the love week if you don't have
love you have nothing that was cool
always um they had a one of their family
friends that Ali grew up with marry them
he had a really cool Boston accent
notice that yeah Joe Charles yeah that
council is he doing well following Kasim
- Charles house all right so the
wedding's over we had a great day
Charles and Eileen we love you
congratulations congratulations and many
many many more years to come we wish you
well that makes it all right love you
guys tomorrow or following katham back
to the hotel to go sleep down a night
and they lived happily ever after
they're so cute they're all dancing and
smiling each other being all married
anyway Charles and Hailey
congratulations we're very very happy
for you over here at the Shaytards and
right now ash am Katie let are on a
plane flying back to Los Angeles so I
miss them can't wait to give them a big
hug feel free to check out yesterday's
vlog or the new podcast or whatever you
want also link below to Charlie Nellie's
a channel feel free to congratulate them
on their beautiful marriage all right
talk to you guys later bye excited to
share the airport okay I am anyway Mike
