we are freakin raiding this shirts weird
their house right now they don't even
know that okay if you like favor and
comment okay bouncy why's it so it's
like news like a we're not no we're just
bro this week we is this the bathroom
great wedding guys alright it's a large
yeah I love this dude I needed a fresh
one I told Charles I wore this sure like
this is the shirt I wear almost at one
point in my life you know how you have a
t-shirt that you like every time you
seen your closet yeah I was I was
telling her basically
now he's getting up down to a small and
then you just keep going down my skinny
jeans dude there we go go get some
chucks like you you're been telling
you'll do it too
I know I wanna be I want to be a rock
star I want to be a rock star still
alright worth the wedding still eat
shirts by
