all right this is scene four take three
mommy tired looking hot for CTFxC
wedding sounds made cameras rolling and
action look fantastic Oh
are you fantastic oh I like the earrings
dude why turn around let's see so I
picked this dress out tell them that I
picked it out okay good thanks for
telling me do you guys like it I thinks
it's too business√≠ for the wedding
walk like you're getting about to go
close a deal
let me see you go close a merger go I
mean you just had an acquisition you
just acquired a company now store mouths
and fire me okay so my question is am I
allowed to wear this belt yeah it's it
says shaycarl I'm I look nice and
handsome but I'm still shake are so I
think you'll be hot if you were the best
it's gonna be hot it's like 80 degrees
today yeah but then I could make out
with I just want the best Norfolk oh no
we gotta bring the coke sure yes
not just the best nope musician okay
show me how to do it babe babe what
those files in my desk by Monday best or
the suit coat I think you look fabulous
but I would go with the coat
yes though the shaycarl cantor the
shaycarl cantor alright guys that's it
do the shaycarl Cantor on Sundays ready
that's what we do at weddings and on
Sundays wish you stub your toe
I like the coat it's probably so much
for cantering yes stop cantering no more
canned drinks they have the cantering
for later yeah looks wicked okay so
we're going to a big wedding
can you believe it so of course I do
marriage getting married
we're talking to Ali's parents last
night and they just celebrated their
30-year wedding anniversary and my mom
and dad have just celebrated their 32nd
wedding anniversary which in today's day
and age is rare right as people give up
when their relationships too easy and
they quit stupid you know marriage is
hard like we said in our podcast you
have us here on your podcast it's hard
work love is a verb it's not as a
magical feeling that comes from being
bitten by a shirtless vampire it's not
it's not there's this magical feeling
it's like something that's I mean a
relationship any relationship whether it
be with your parents your friends your
wife your girlfriend your boyfriend your
husband it takes work relationships
aren't easy it just doesn't naturally
like you just fall in love it's you have
to work at it you have to compromise
tell them about relationships work hard
yeah that's not that's not easy it's a
lot easier for me because you look like
that now that you're married the real
the real work begins right that oh it's
so wonderful
yeah are you gonna be a shirtless
vampire won't take you shirtless vampire
babe
and I can't wear that vest oh I won't
take everything off right now when I
woke up in the pool I don't like it it's
too hot lady what's that one called this
the slows canter yeah you look like you
sweat on the CSIs wedding yeah just wear
that but bring your jacket still because
it's gonna get chilly later and I'll
probably borrow your jacket where just
wear this and then just have the jacket
for like you know I wear this most of
the day but then when it's like oh you
know I'm gonna look good over the jacket
oh yeah all right okay someone takes
Sunday this today we're headed to the
wedding right now we're gonna see our
good friends get married we're excited
and a lot of our friends are gonna be
there
that we've been friends with for a long
time so congratulations Charles and
Allie you guys send him your love
they were CTFxC wedding was trending on
twitter so it's the hashtag CTFxC
wedding if you go check it out there's
brought of tweets from there about the
wedding
all right so we're headed we're going
right now we're headed to the big event
Congrats Charles in LA we love you
here's to many years together yes many
many happy years okay
