you've got the moves and the skills
you're on a mission to kill the world
with munch on your pity I'm impression
just what is
Thank You Shan and Katie this SunGard
and princess garden may be tardy rock
stardom now like I said what are they
got a lot of sand well we've got a hot
crustacean band da da da da da
underwater take it from me land fish
love to hook under the Seavey's of the
hook rock face McGillicuddy don't fall
asleep sleep I want to kiss you multiple
times where we leave on sad Rock dark
bone sleep on da da da da out loud it's
pot I take it from me yeah bro-heem I
got it I'm trying to vlog and sing a
little mermaid okay my back to drive and
vlog and sing little mermaid just
worried I'm gonna miss my little rock
tart McGillicuddy he's the most precious
of substances known to man look at his
little precious eyes and cute button all
those fears I can nibble on them for
hours
oh and then there's baby time and then
Kelly and Morris flying home to Idaho
today I'm the ho baby tart loofahs
McGillicuddy I'm gonna miss you so much
your beautiful blond locks of love near
snow white dress that you've worn for
six months consecutively every day
it's Rapunzel I thought it was Snow
White that's Rapunzel yeah I'm bringing
that backpack that's my that's my belt
I'm bringing that well I just remembered
it last minute bro it's like a throw in
the side of the bag kind of thing give
that little baby kisses on the head on
the dome chromebox
all right well we're headed to Florida
right now to go to our buddy's CTFxC
Charles trippi's wedding I'm so excited
it's get on the airplane guys here we go
boom Shakalaka that's the one you want
right
attagirl I'm impressed big bottle all
and 49 pounds yeah I haven't even bought
a suit yet so we're headed to Florida to
go to this wedding and I left my suit
behind because it was a little
that way so I'm gonna have to buy a new
suit when we get there tomorrow we're
gonna go shop I bet you're gonna just
love that aren't you their boarding
passes you ready
I do I would like to announce that we
are officially on vacation yeah
congratulations to you and to me we have
nothing to do except first our lips we
have to yeah on the left side of the
airplane solar safe on our journey we
suck you know and then we get away
everywhere like miss them just saying
way to rocked our today I was like oh
say okay so we have a flight from LA to
Atlanta it's like a five or six hour
flight I think and so I went and bought
my charter a package of fundis for our
flight basically just by triple-s things
just as a final we're on vacation okay
so open the gift that I just bought you
in the airport look I wrapped it with
love there's more in there there's more
stuff in there it's been a lot better
hearing like the bottom of the head
visitor Fowler check out the rest of the
contents of this prize package but
you've only what that a vacation wish a
car
all right so see in six hours and 1200
calories are lighter really excited on
the other end we made it to our hotel
room and now we're going shopping
mommy's hard on the phone so here we met
we're in Florida here's our hotel room
that's where we wrestled and slept and
now we're gonna go shopping because I
need a suit we're going to a wedding and
I don't even have a suit cuz I didn't
bring it because the one that I bought a
couple months ago if you guys remember
number from the vlogs couple months ago
you bought a suit it's too big for me
now that's right now are you ready okay
so we're at our hotel we're excited to
be here you want to see the ocean
look there's the ocean right there we
wouldn't swam in the pool today it's
right down there and then we went and
worked out oh dang Oh we'll make we'll
get better footage tomorrow sorry we're
just gonna plain all day yesterday so
we'll see you guys tomorrow
say bye get out of there what are you
doing in there
what are you doing around in there huh
yeah alright okay we'll see you guys
tomorrow
w-why well I really want to get this new
female Justin Bieber Cologne I just wish
there was a salesperson to help us oh hi
could you get us some of your your
perfume bro oh hey who's that in the
background
Shirley charlise can you bring me some
of your I don't know you got a handsome
devil
what do we have a shaycarl Cologne it's
gonna smell like probably like spaghetti
and like grass clippings from your lawn
right after like you mow your lawn this
summer and it's like you're watering
your lawn and that's that fresh-cut
grass grass smell with watermelon
freshly cut water memory that's gonna be
my Cologne but not this man and garlic
bread spaghetti garlic ready in the
whole thing let's like mix it all up
that I can put in a blender so here to
get a suit come on we're not buying that
crap let's go you're cut off but over
here shame on you for not wearing a
Boise shirt to get a room come on
Florida the PDA staple
why oh what's up there can we look up
there yeah oh I want to see her but I
want this with the heart bond this is a
classic picture huh this is from the war
when the soldiers came home and uh they
kissed women that's what you do when you
come home for more if you don't kiss a
lot of women when you're at war but this
dudes getting some Kissin later how does
that run pretty sweet huh all right well
I'm tired
hi pumpkin hi yes look there's Hoshi
mission stop we're running those grace
you sweat a lot more in Florida I can't
this is what it's like running with
shaycarl Oh jumping off of benches and
garbage cans that bird I don't think
this people like me I scared that bird
later but this is cool yeah so there's
that cute how much to jump in
did you up 20 bucks hunter bucks oh
that's very dirty yeah you hit your
you'd hit your shins you have quite the
shin scrape I used to think perfection
brings oh I think perfections boring
boring the thoughts would return to you
this now I remember
Hawaii it's not mourning for your eyes
our beauty strains couldn't I don't seem
to be prophetic for a minute but I don't
know he's so tall skinny look at it
should have that blueberry is it place
in there oh you walked right past it do
that through your blueberry I bro-heem
like is like too good he's too cool for
school it's like he doesn't want some
fresh antioxidants or something bro
buddy too good for antioxidants bro I
have a lot of neck I will need the
antioxidants I'm a pro-oxidant I like
pearl oxidants Lenny throw are these all
antioxidants in here oh there's never
any pro oxidants but they're gonna have
some Pro oxidants in this freak
it must be somebody's birthday then I
heard it's Meghan tonjes birthday today
happy birthday Meghan basically we're
just enjoying our time by the pool
eating our antioxidants I am embarrassed
to say it but it's been a while since
I've had a petit we need one yeah so
gross embarrassed nice my feet are shy
they want the high okay can we still a
ping-pong ball here you think ping-pong
balls 15 cents stick your skinny arm up
there and use it for good and get us a
ping-pong ball for freezies no Artie
check out our hotel has a pool table a
foosball table a ping-pong ball table
don't forget the senses big bowl party
yeah we should play what it's not some
we played pool together probably more
dating is you used to go to the Student
Union Building and play pool right it's
written quarter so come down here and
play some big bug a vajazzle
all right I'll bet you $100 that you'd
eat you covered up back to the shake
island JD let the big black jacket up of
all I dive Oh
named Larry I think it's just a noxious
yeah okay we're back in our room
obviously this vlog consists of probably
three days what did Johnny Brett just
put it all in there you guys go easy on
Brett it's not his fault he just and
it's what I give him you guys are
freaking being don't mean - Brett what
Brett ever do to you guys not gonna off
be nice
anyways worried about contract we just
had a we've a contract regular tomorrow
my pants dude I feel that my parents
because they're altering them I bought a
new suit and there are too long for me
because I'm shortened and then we your
freaking dress where do they say that
took me back well I got a new dress last
night and then she put lipstick on then
she kissed me and then I picked her up
why did I pick you up and then I got
lipstick on her dress no way to take it
to the drycleaners crazy all the time
with my brand new dress
I was excited it was a cool dress I
wanted to pick you up and put lipstick
on so no yeah we have to go yeah she
hasn't even worn at once and we had to
take it to the dry cleaners okay yeah
we're just gonna get ready for the
wedding today and tomorrow all right
guys anything you wanna say to mommy or
daddy tired mom and daddy I miss you so
much
I hope you come back soon oh I bet you
they will anything for you to say
princess start I can't wait for you to
come home when you come on I got you
both a surprise can you see what it is
can you tell me no one new camera is off
oh look she smart all right baby's hard
anything yeah I think they're nice too
all right say bye-bye
I love you and princess I hate your face
che che say
