I I miss Shay Carl you're watching the
Shaytards log so sit back relax how long
to the sing shape doesn't I sing she
says are nice clothes I don't know
hey uh here's the thing about daily
vlogs
you gotta upload them every day that's
that's like just part of the name so
what do you wear on your teeth
I have whitening strips you're teaching
you're wearing whitening strips yeah
can you tell you can only tell when I
talk like this all right so here we are
in our hotel room oh look don't smell it
what do you think it smells like I'm
gonna smell this fish I adore this smell
we ordered room service and we got a
Caesar salad and it came with this
anchovy on this little like chip crouton
yes and I didn't want it so I set it on
the USA today on this little Bureau
thing I was like I don't want that so
yeah it came with our room service all
right well we are here that was my
Caesar salad that I had that was
delicious
you know to get some fruit yeah if you
guys want to know this is the ocean
right out there's being light on in our
balcony do you see one alright check it
out there we are that's the ocean right
there you can't really see it there's
the bottom of our oh no we're gonna go
to Charles and Ally's
on Sunday are you excited and we went
today and and we bought us I bought a
suit for me you want to see my suit you
guys okay tell me dude
I bought a brand-new suit because the
suit that I just bought is too small I
mean too big this the grey suit that I
bought probably how long ago did I buy
that couple months ago it really hasn't
been that long you have to wait till you
see only I got this in do about that one
before the other wedding we went to what
that was but yeah this one's a little
bit smaller so it good
yes she looks so handsome Congrats hey
Mary you didn't realize you invited Tom
did you see why I married you know you
guys are you gonna do a gainer oh oh I
love the run I know it's scary but it's
Anthony Hopkins he's talented
okay you guys who listen here's what
happened today honestly so here's what
happens we have this little thing called
the drop box that I send the videos to
Brett
here's the drop box you open it up look
right here it says Brett to the end hard
oak
focus whatever so today I plug my camera
in which is still cool again I'm out of
breath from I anyways so then I plugged
it in and then we went to go to a movie
which we saw what do we see the mortals
it was really good and I was stupid and
I shut my computer and then the files
didn't send a breath oh my father so
Brett didn't have any uh files to edit
today for a vlog and he kept texting me
but we're in the movie because I thought
the files were going through but I shut
the computer so it doesn't send them
through on them if you know what Dropbox
is it's amazing
I can literally put them in that folder
and then Brett gets those same files in
LA so it's like a shared folder
basically that uses the internet so you
shut your computer it won't send the
files anyway so we're doing one taker
sorry guys we'll have a long one
tomorrow okay it's two it's 220 in the
morning too we're still on California
time which is three hours earlier all
right I'll see you tomorrow
good night
