you've got the moves and the skills
you're on a mission to kill the world
with munch on your pity I'm impression
just what is
Thank You Shane and Katie their son
jarred and Princess start and maybe I
was laughing some really stupid when I
accentuated the stupidity in the caught
off guard that's the last like when
there's a sudden funny and it's just
like the air is already there and ready
to come at me like a person well after
that but so you didn't like form before
you let it out oh the joys of laughter
so we're currently leaving the scene of
the crime to finish our music video and
since it was so cold in this pool how
they're like looks like a mountain just
tipped over ah yeah it's so pretty
awesome so pretty I've got my skirt on
with my can you see it camera with my
boots in my pants dang it Ally
that's the way I'm you trying to catch
me doing this Holly is always funny and
this is Ed from the camera and she goes
I don't know doing it one of these days
guys I dare you guys to jump over will
catch Ellie being funny we are now what
sorry guys we are now warm we're headed
how great shoot guys great job
awesome and that's awesome possum a wrap
we just got done with our vintage shoot
of our Christmas song and I decided that
I'm wearing the best outfit she's got
her boots on cause her feet were cold my
charred
congratulations we're experiencing
Amerika Amerika we started I started
loading up the car it was Deafness
Thanksgivings in our house this year and
she's like wow she's very American
only in America I'm just not used to it
can we go to one place and get every
single thing that we need right yeah I'm
used to Singapore where everything's
smaller than everything smaller but now
instead of just coming back to the US
and doing normal shopping we're like at
Costco and um for me I'm gonna add a
little cake where our Thanksgiving
shopping when your gaming shop we get
bull you don't miss her her shirt we
don't mess around there were so many of
my comments that was like looked in our
fridge when I did that vlog on Katie
that and I opened the fridge and showed
you all what was in my fridge you don't
remember it go check it out anyways they
saw a gallon of milk and they were like
well your milk bottle is huge that's
interesting because I think in America
everything is bigger that mean we're
large and in charge when I first went to
sing before I was like dinner now we
just need to eat less oh well it's
Thanksgiving we're stopping okay we are
taking our hair down from a wonderful
day of shooting last time I did my hair
like this for my anniversary dinner that
I tweeted a little bit about I took the
pins out at the end of the night and my
hair didn't budge oh she is so much has
punched it didn't budge it punch Justin
I believe when it didn't find its
punching more than is in no way so how
long did you hear to stay like that if
you just that's awesome let me make sure
they're all good Oh
mine definitely budge to look at this
like Cuddy he's downloading tops out for
the babies
I'm convinced that he has tech more
technologically advanced than we are
already the smart smart babies good
welcome to knowledge guess what
knowledge you get up oh hi I have a
higher than average IQ guess what a
higher than average IQ you get up I'm
here for body slam please so I just
wanted to say I'm taking my we're
looking actually at our hotel where
we're gonna stay in Florida tomorrow
where we stand
mium I wanna stay right there have you
get massages headed yeah yeah tell her
dude
yeah sure right there he just made you
an appointment
awesome God plants the song what we did
to it colles how she's gonna take her
hair out for tonight let's see don't let
me play with it per second centered
catch dude seriously here's the facepalm
body slam there you go that's what you
get
facepalm body slam you want another one
come here put your face right here
facepalm bye slam whatever babies want
to facepalm body slam put their faces
right here to send some emails
go to the rock guard put your face right
here
hey Rock turn rock guard put your face
palm bodyslam right here dude rear face
myself okay ready oh wait yes send an
email his to complain to HR about it
first and then he comes for as daily
face balm and then I will complain to HR
yep and then he put his head on my face
and forcefully threw me into a pillow
backwards mind you dot dot dot okay and
now it's time for my daily face mom nope
wanna read more to this email zze all to
delete that's very beautiful song rock
guard come get another facepalm body
slam bro one more dude come on one face
bump body son one face bo-buddies let me
out bro yeah there you go
alright okay move the ukalaka lochley
doctor i want to facepalm body slam okay
Roger I'm ready dude I don't even push
you that time you get yourself one and I
didn't count that was cheating I didn't
need to push your face yeah it does it
doesn't count if I don't get to push
your face you just fell right back go to
the replay Brett see obviously we know
that you would fell back without me
pushing come on it's time face palm body
slam here you go ready come on come get
it ready ready ready alright send some
more emails but it alright these two are
like picking nits tax out of each
other's hair yeah show them a face palm
buddies oh oh the things we teach the
small children in our la hives and their
don't do that anymore when I'm not
around to observe and film in love I
don't want to miss all the opportunity
of giggling at you giving your little
brother whiplash all right you have your
freaking main unting
the unholy majolica Alice's like freakin
Rastafari cindy-lou who
Stuart's not I would like that anyways
back to emails and facepalm body slams
all right so we hope you guys had a
great day we'll see you tomorrow me and
mommy tart are flying hey we got a path
Diggity Dog yeah get over here we gotta
fill this thing up we're going to
Charles Nellie's wedding whoo yes okay
here's the aftermath of the trying to
pack for the wedding
here is the wedding bag and look at me
I'm gonna wake up bright and early I've
already set out my running clothes cuz
if I don't do it in the morning awful
bad so I'm gonna get up at 8 a.m. yeah
my shoes and my socks and my shorts and
my tight little hug my bum running
shorts so I can go running another
morning before we head out to Florida
excited we're gonna we're staying in a
hotel that's right on the ocean oh you
know sighs are they 36 is yeah these
other ones are 34 but thirty Six's are a
little bit baggy on me these other ones
are 34 that's my new size 34 Seeley's I
went from a 44 to a 34
that's good all right so our just
packing getting ready I'm gonna go read
them in the morning I'm super pumped I'm
running down to the pier it's gonna be
like 12 miles it's 12 mile run I just
downloaded I just downloaded Dave
Ramsey's new entre leadership but I'm
gonna listen to
okay I'm gonna listen to as I run so I'm
excited so I got a book I need to give
some of the copies away to you guys Dave
Ramsey gave us some copies to give away
but I just downloaded his book we have
like six but I haven't read them but
this is gonna be perfect for my arrival
we start reading it it's just you get so
busy but if I'm on my run I can listen
to it oh look right we have like six
copies of these so you're welcome Dave I
just also bought it on iTunes so I can
listen to it on my
we should we need to give some of these
away yeah to Alyssa's that's ours but we
have some other ones that were going to
give away for you guys strategy very
excited to hang out with all of our
YouTube friends yes I just was so
exciting I was just texting Olga Kay and
she was saying it's bad that we have to
fly to Florida to hang out we both live
in LA but we're going to Florida hang
out it's like Vegas always going on P
little P's oppression okay I'm going to
sleep good night kisses hey hey thanks
for tuning into Idaho's number one vlog
even though not an ID Oh imagine that
my name is Brett the intern and you are
watching the Shaytards if you didn't see
us yesterday it was baby tart versus
rock guard who's gonna win I don't know
but this voice super annoying all sets
of the right the shaking faces don't
even know what they're doing check out
the podcast also coming up next Shea and
his wife Colette on a plane going to
Florida for Charles and Ally's wedding
that should be fun all dressed up
hopefully no one Falls don't know I'd
say that but if it happens I called it
all right I'm gonna go I have to go the
bathroom bye
