all right okay show us your your
benchpress dude that's so cool you're so
tough but you are you strong no I heard
it's hard take what to go mmm I love you
because I've got this little handle
thing is just doing just doing push-ups
or what do you call this bench press
yeah we're up here getting ready to do a
shayloss workout do not hold up they
always argue on the correct exercise
lingo terms yes did you do quite up on
it's time to say goodbye you did it
why are you giving me the evil eye but
can you come back to see the cow like
you can hear too hard cows dad get our
Kelly
well did you sell your velociraptors my
velociraptors are going the cows are
headed to a bigger better painter
pasture I had a good good time here on
Butler ranch it's time for Matt mosey on
out here
all cows taste like hazard
okay we are cleaning up we did a little
painting mess sorry I didn't block that
that was a mess but now dachshunds
helping me clean that up and then what
are we going to do making a bang paint
we already did paint what are we gonna
do next hey plato's yes we're gonna do
playdough next is the counter all
cleaned off nope
yeah I think that your wipe right there
I see how it's red right there and get
the paint off your seat too because you
got some on your seat okay yeah good job
kind of teach them how to clean you can
teach them leave and let them play but
you also have to teach them how to clean
up afterwards right sometimes I'm really
bad at that that's why our house is such
a mess it's like okay we all need to
work together here we've been traveling
a lot and usually when we travel I
always have a lot of laundry because
they just I'm not here to do it and then
I get lazy yeah anyways who cares no
excuses
now we're gonna play play-doh yeah
what'd you do did you put it in the sink
yeah good job thank you that's very
helpful yeah don't eat them I think you
did it good job good job
we have enough play-doh oh yeah
that's a cool - hey there you go
all right see what creations you guys
can make oh yeah make me some cookies
I'll keep some cookies okay
make them delicious like chocolate okay
I'll make it up hmm peach cookies I've
never had Paige cookies what kind of
cookies are you making gaxton I'm a
cutie what kind B bread cookies you're
at a red party me okay um purple berry
chick um cookie soon delicious are you
done with my cookie Oh what kind of that
again oh my gosh that actually does look
really pretty
it's cherry purple its champion I love
this cherry blueberry cookie it is
beautiful thank you you're welcome
it isn't the presentation I say is
probably the best the flavor might need
a little work the presentation is
perfect okay now I'm gonna squish a
squash it
cookie
hey Dad soon what are you doing no no no
no no no no no no no no no no it'll be
here for this nice
josephus Wagyu close way say no no
that's no no look guys your face is soda
flexible did you say savvy savvy savvy
hey case
this
hey funk you up uptown funk you up
uptown funk you up uptown funk you up on
our guitar dizzy I'd stop yellow so all
of my little bays are home from the day
we open the day a little Bay your little
bait all day the day of the day of the
bay yeah it was it your second to last
day of the bass as we can tomorrow is
the last day she read my mind
everybody's cool long last acting like a
fool
yeah because in the first day school you
want to be cool so you can make good
friends okay lastly school you wanna be
a fool cuz are your friends cuz you know
how your friends like know you seem
worried that the forehand is that the
hand gestures for fool ya know you got a
make your mark on the last day school so
people remember in the semester when
stress I'm afraid will be awesome Gavin
do your makeup on no this is yeah right
just tell us what you like makeup yeah
you look like you have foundation on
because you're like 10 no okay I can
like a full so miss your last day of
school
what are we having for dinner speaking
Oh second last day of school Sigma say
school let's forget you on the list
again listen mom is just yes second to
last day of school so tomorrow it is the
second to last day but I guess it's
never mind no let's eat spaghetti now
okay actually it's technically on
spaghetti it's mini bow ties too many
bro tars you see these little mini hydro
toss
oh these are homes I think I'm gonna
wear this on the last day of school
because I'm a kid like a fool on the
last day of school
nice bowtie let's go okay yeah let's go
we're going to school now we have bow
ties of mini mini bill toys let's go yes
you want one Zeke here put your mini bow
tie on your nose oh you're such a pretty
princess pretty business did you see me
try to flip it and eat it
catch it you didn't make him sit you
have to make him sit if you say it
alright you have to make him do it oh
you're dirty you dirty dog you okay it's
Shaytards haha his yoga notice called
after a acro yoga okay so listen the
last minute acro yoga is with Tim
Ferriss but me and Brock just made up a
new mood because old brought to him what
it's called it's called the clue all up
so Tim Paris we challenged you to do
this after OH
okay like this under it scrambler hey
it's been bedtime for about 40 countries
let's go
you
