Oh
hey you guys so I don't know why did
this but I did the crazy adventure of
taking all the kids including our casing
Kaylee's to pay less will you save us if
we're in trouble is that why you're here
with us
you look so tough I love it hey girls
come with me let's look right here hey
Rocco Rocco Rocco bro videos hey rock
guard oh you want those are you sure
sure so this is like his universe it's
like shows naked where just as many one
shoes as I can just as high as many
shoes as I can on one hey what are you
doing with my baby don't drop him why
are you calling that's what happens
that's your sentence to the story where
are you going oh good choice come back
come back to us okay what are you guys
say yes rigor spoiled we're gonna brings
on tomorrow we think we won't do today
is all just find out wherever the Sun
shoots through the house I'll just lay
about soaking it up you know I might
flash late every couple of hours maybe
I'll go outside
beyond stuff I turn are you up here
watching Mary Poppins don't wrestle the
baby why are you wrestling the elephant
but baby he's the great elephant but
baby of how huge you're gonna break his
neck let them alone not seriously get
them out of the scissor hold rock hard
you have to beat the heck out of your
sister just punch or dude bite her or
something use your teeth survival of the
fittest bro
well you you're bucking him I don't
blame him he's gonna bite you one of
these days go see what's girly crap
going on in here I don't but I love you
you hate help me bro sweet bro
thanks for the hotel hey tell it on the
mountains what is going on here we got a
obstacle course
come on you're in the way of the
obstacle course don't you know that what
are you gonna do I'm gonna die Oh 20
seconds let's see if mommy tournament go
no baby tired premature go climb of
every tire what are you doing I thought
you just go over
and on the dropped ours go mommy tired
no you didn't do it right
I can oh wait faster than my turn mommy
how pissed I was through my whole day
off do my workout it ain't no 7y set my
alarm 807 SAT and I said it for eight I
was like oh I'm seven minutes for extra
sleep I supposed to get up at 8:07 a.m.
and I missed my alarm when I woke up at
9:15 no chuckle your little brother
baby tars we'll get her back rock card
yeah head butter anybody gonna be tall
you get on your back and you're dead you
two laughing I eat you hooligans crazy
maniac sighs I saw that trying to sneak
up behind me what I'm gonna bring the
house with pop rocks are gonna do that
oh those you mean snap it up those
aren't pop rocks
there's puppets watch oh he's gonna
break one on your forehead yeah I could
snap it and pop it ready my tough we got
it
you did you're such a nice brother oh
yeah it's beautiful nice high heels
alright bedtime how high you attack your
beds and go to sleep
Oh throw it on the ground good one there
rock face do you want to show them how
you're gonna do mommy charts hair
tomorrow for your guys's music video
shoot you ready to see are you gonna try
it tonight
see ya do it tonight so you can see no
we're gonna put the kids to bed there's
no place like home there's no place like
home what did you get these yeah
apparently where's daddy's new shoes I
need a new pedicure my toe nail polishes
baby baby the wedding pedicure so you're
gonna try to do her hair like this
tonight yeah I don't want to see that
I'm gonna practice it and see how it
waves out are you doing a lot of
hairspray you mean you're supposed to be
going to bed warming up spaghetti it's
bedtime dog that's right
that's how I enjoy it son tard
yeah sons are drinking mommy very tired
say there's no baby turn click your
heels together and say there's no place
like home
do you not like watch watch baby turn to
watch watch oh yes do you get some
sparkling zero so that's like there's no
place like home boogie woogie dance
there's all my gold there's all guys are
now registered put your head in the
microwave ready ok can you Pro know you
can't let's just say things like that
and then I read the comments in my mind
you're getting a microwave this is all
what are you doing making some water
some ice water for denne denne
hey this guy yeah it's some pretty
singing dude some of the best thing and
I think I may have ever heard in my
entire life it's so pretty
what song is that jingle bells you get
ready for Christmas
is it Christmas time starting to pull
out your Christmas repertoire yeah cool
dude what are you gonna get me for
Christmas what are you gonna give me you
have plans someone's gonna get me I'm
gonna get me a camera I got lots of
those I might be nice so what kind of
camera flip camera they're out of
business they don't sell them anymore
what are we gonna do when we're out of
flip cameras we're gonna have to stop
making videos I guess huh dude what do
you think we'll stop making videos baby
card you like making videos huh
you like making videos on the Internet
do you think when you grow up you'll
make videos on the internet you do what
do you think I'll do something else what
are you doing you grow up tell me what
you're gonna make videos I thought
you're gonna be a princess or an athlete
or maybe you'll be a professional Apple
eater say check it out I can eat all
these apples up in here yo I've been
making applesauce in my spare time
suckers I'm the Apple princess yo yo yo
check me out one time but Apple princess
calm yo I don't even know if that's a
website I just made it up all right why
don't you quit eatin apples and rock it
back and forth and help me do these
dishes ain't gonna do themselves your
mother isn't doing them I have to do
everything around here it's so hard
manual labor oh it's so manual you do
the dishes you can - come on let's see
you put some of these dishes in there
get to work
that's it sorry I don't have to do this
but I am gonna be forced to kick you in
the head kicked you in the head that's
amazing that's a tickly wiggly oopsies
snoots our is that the Tecla trick
Oy that's your Apple down ten seconds
bro seriously I'm so sorry
RUP Oh at me Oh Apple to the flipcam
retribution is a fear soul it is more
Apple it's gonna be so interesting to
sit with baby tart in 10 years from now
on say do you remember that day when you
drop the Apple on the ground and I
picked it up and made you eat it like
covered in glitter - I always our kids
love these videos I always I'm weirded
out by people who are like these kids
are gonna grow up and hate these videos
our kids love watching them and I if I
had videos like this of me I would love
to watch I think would go either way I I
definitely know that they're not gonna
like neutrally they're not gonna think
it's kind of okay they're either gonna
love it or hate it terrible well what
the day that they start not wanting to
be in the videos will say okay you don't
have to be in the videos I think their
future like husbands and it's like some
cards wife will love it
you know it'll be a perfect montage for
their wedding well we hope to see on
that journey with us to Shaytards new
shoe giveaway have a great day see you
tomorrow
