Oh
okay look I just throw out all my cans
and my vitae koco's on the ground on the
side of the road why because this guy
told me to he's collecting them all he
has a sign that says do you have bottles
or cans and he's taking people's bottles
or cans he's recycling them or he's
gonna take them and you know make money
on them there's place there's like a
recycle place you can go and take them
in and then they pay you for however
much weight you have me and my brother
Casey used to that as kids needs to go
to the golf course no way to go through
the trash cans and we had collect as
many cans as we could and we'd have
these barrels in our house we'd fill up
these barrels full of cans like beer
cans and pop cans and they've been smash
them I would take him in would make like
70 bugs it was so excited anyway is that
dude I was cool he wasn't just standing
there asking for money he's like do you
have any bottles you know I was like
heck yeah I had like six water bottles
and like four vited coco things in here
and he can take all those and make some
money off him I just wanted to clean him
out of my truck so there's a guy even
though he doesn't have a job he's not
bagging you know he's out there and he's
doing his service he's on the side of
the road getting cancer people out of
the car and then once people saw me too
and I always see I saw a few other cars
behind me and giving him water bottles
he was basically like just saw them all
right there I'm getting a bunch right
now and I'll just come get him later
like okay okay
it was kind of exciting and then I
thought I would fill you guys in on what
I'm doing I'm recycling as I drew I've
tagged your green yeah speaking of
tagged your green do you guys want to
have a little funny discussion about
that oh you guys has everybody may or
may not know I did this seven video
series with GE called the ecomagination
tag your green roadtrip I'll put a link
to the playlist below it was a fun
series it was really cool is all like
highlighting you know environment and
like cool green technologies like I did
a cool thing with a solar-powered
merry-go-round there's like seven videos
they're really cool actually I really
had a good time making I'm the funny
thing about that whole series though is
cuz it's all based on ecomagination like
healthy environment stuff right I do
this video series and I go and I film
this whole video series and it was a lot
of work I was on the road for probably
24 days in a row or something like that
in different cities I was in Cleveland I
wasn't like in a different city every
night filming these things so it was a
lot of work and it was a brand deal
he paid me to make these videos right so
you know I made you know whatever my
made huh that was right at the time that
I just got this truck right so then
those videos start going up and then in
the comments every basic no structure
and I was like oh yeah I don't even
think about that
because when I bought this truck it was
just like it was you know for us and our
family it was perfect because it could
fit all six of us we are a family with
six people if we want to go somewhere as
a family we have to have a car that can
fit six people including car seats and
stuff so that's why this truck was
perfect for us but then you know because
it's a big truck everybody was giving me
crap because it's bad for the
environment all that kind of stuff I
need a car that can fit more people so
anyways I don't have like any like big
posters or like turbo anything on this
trucks gonna be knit this works for us
plus I got you know strollers and all
kinds of crap sometimes I put a Great
Dane back there anyways that was a funny
little insight into my life so when I
first started uploading those videos and
I was like saw all the comments I was
like oh crap why didn't I think of that
why did I buy this truck after that came
out so that was a funny moment in my
life is that cool is that what you got a
lot out of here yeah yeah go ahead go
ahead yeah keep it on you know Pro bro
trucks for life man trucks for life that
stick together man whoohoo all business
meeting starting immediately yeah hey so
it's gonna be playing Donkey Kong today
and okay so what we gotta do is cut that
place out let's try that first with
scissors t-bone holy where's your hands
at what we're making Donkey Kong today
for my channel and this is our
interpretation of Donkey Kong we have
some ears
professional Hollywood prepare I'm
suffocating in here kinda looks like you
grew your beard back stop mucking around
wait is your zip right now your car
don't feel it bananas on set this is
what happens okay hey wait what do we
have here
it's it Princess Peach oh my gosh this
is so officially real mr. Karl practiced
for seven months with actual Apes
in the jungle to get his motion down
perfectly yeah cut and print
we just shot it you don't even have to
do anything so realistic all right face
mask off let's make you hard to breathe
you should put this stuff on boom in two
months and I'm so embarrassed laughs to
wear fake facial hair Emerson's out for
shame it's a carl shaycarl said fake
facial beard was way longer than this
this is his actual beard hair and we
could glue it back onto his face let's
cut that out and see if we can glue
these ears to that hot glue gun hey
peach princess is that huh zit what's
the title all right I don't know how and
it's like the little Mario guy that's
coming up right this is like they're
still in king kong mario brothers
all-in-one game called Donkey Kong I
have to carry her up this ladder I am a
monkey Capon as a monkey he's the camera
monkey
he's the DP monkey and he's getting nice
it's how I got my wife to marry me
I've picked up heavy things until she
thought it was cute me pick up bowling
ball even ways like 275 pounds I think
congratulations on all your success on
The Biggest Loser by the way yeah yeah
I'm really proud of you I know it's like
you're like a whole nother person all
right so here we are we ready to shoot
this I think we're ready all right I
guess I got to get my monkey suit on
hold on
that's how we do Hollywood magic
so we just not finished filming our
music video or step hill then we decided
to kiss the baby
hey we love Robert so much because you
see his kisses kisses over you yeah it's
like mom get the camera ladies man the
camera off you mom
so we went shopping and we bought some
turkeys never buy one get one free
how heavy are they they're 23 pounds
once - 26 123 pounds turkey so we're
gonna cook one of them maybe we'll leave
the other one for cutie-patootie terse
hey baby turn what did you learn in
school today
oh wait you didn't go to school son
tired what'd you learn
what kind of math give me an example
what's five plus six leather come nah
boy what's seven plus three
nice dude you let your sister beat you
bill
what's five minus three
do you to read what's 2 plus 4 6 what's
7 plus 7 14 babies rah chard what's 3
plus 3 6
good job princess card what is 5 minus 1
nice princess tower dude sundar showing
you up bro team
what is 7 minus 5 nice so what is 2 plus
nope - plus wait baby turn actually said
8 first you got it they think the louder
they yell at the better the more correct
the answer if I yell it louder no you
were saying it wrong incorrectly all
times you're screaming okay I'm asking
one more what is 8 plus 8 16 nice son
tired
okay what's 25 minus 10 no okay 15 nice
mommy tired what is 5 times 5 you know I
never learned my multiplication tables
because I learned how to cheat the
system and I learned how to get out of
our no rule that everything anytime you
multiply anything by 5 it's half that so
if you multiply something like 5 by 7
what's half of 73.5 335 so 7 times five
is thirty seven school what is a six
minus seven negative one oh there you go
6 minus 7 so 6 minus 6 and then you have
to take away 1 so it's negative 1 baby
turns just shout out numbers she's so
smart
I used my Barbie yes
what up what up what's up what's up
straight trippin there's a pillow
rock-hard in the house wearing the cool
hat like his dad does wearing the cool
head cuz he wants to be just like his
daddy
dude come on you know how yeah yeah yeah
yeah facepalm you all right thanks come
baseball baseball baseball baseball the
Crayola alright I'm leaving you goodbye
everybody
you guys are whoa all right I'm going
downstairs
I'll be the same odd you
Oh No where's it where's it we require I
saw with shadows ring here miss rabies I
just ate just right on my right shoulder
if I just keep turning enough positive
all fighting it's right around here
somewhere already go oh you're mr.
little busybody what are you thinking
about you're thinking about a million
things at one time you're gonna get all
dizzy oh good you try out your voice
you're gonna spin some more yes this new
thing where you runs and like diodes
he'll literally like sprint and just
like dive out on this belly like he's
like landing like sliding into safe at
home it's so interesting to watch their
personalities grow and mr. reader over
here reading every night every night
tell me you these is love you read no
dude is this is the last one
they're sawing a light blue one November
16th great it looks like they got you
hooked hook line and sinker Rock charts
and tard is addicted to reading too late
year low sleeper Oh stay good stay let
your lazy brace me amigo I used to not
love reading but now like I love it why
do you like it so much
it's interesting you like the stories
they talked about yeah and now you just
love getting in a good book huh it's
like you can just forget the whole world
and you just sit down you start reading
your book and it's like you're in a
whole different world huh it's not what
it's like cool huh all right keep
reading your little stories they're
bro-heem I'm tired you're not getting
any more beautiful this is that slender
chap in the background
hey whoa monkey face alright is it
bedtime
yeah jump time for this search
all right say good night good night and
always see us tomorrow
well good golly Miss Molly here we are
at the end of another Shaytards video
thanks so much everybody I am currently
getting my oil changed so Brett said I
should call in to do an end slate thanks
for watching today you guys were trying
to get ready to go to Florida
through our Charles trippy's wedding
it's in a couple days and we're super
excited so I have a bunch of errands to
run I'm getting the trucks oil change
I'll try to get patty ready to go it's
give it some fun
check out a video click to watch it I'll
see you guys soon and we're gonna give
away more shoes on the iPhone Channel
tomorrow I promise we'll give away two
pair of free SC beer tart Supremes also
right now you can get it for $59 to a
couple more days and get them at a
cheaper price check out links below
maybe why
