you've got the moves and the skills
you're on a mission to kill the world
with munch on your pity I'm impression
just what is
Thank You Shan and Katie this SunGard
and princess start and maybe it's hard
to rock hard and now like I said alright
you want to do this okay so we just had
a staring contest the other day in our
new video epic staring contest check it
out right here if you haven't please
it's awesome I got stabbed in the arm of
the pencil all right Sammy and princess
art are gonna have a handstand contest
thanks the nerve you film for us I just
told her hey watch my ten centuries but
first of all check out my new shirt will
Sam macaroni action check it out you get
one of your own links below what do you
think it makes me look bit right laughs
let me all right Elizabeth handstands a
headstand contest ready I'll go first
then you go and you guys count and you
count we'll just count so I'll only get
one and then you go after I go okay go
rocked our giveaway go just go
hey darts turn handstand ok bye I'm
going to shoot a video semicolon hey
thanks Tut's chef I'm going actually to
go vintage dress shopping we're going to
be all vintage Oh totally vintage
totally vintage and he's eating all of
your help
alright ladies see ya who's watching
these girls I take them to Kelly's
alright bye have a good day
I love you Oh didn't want the gum taken
away Oh tragedy has struck in the life
of rock tart I'm happy again because I
got whoa oh no that's my dad yeah he's
like I presume to say I'll be back in a
minute I have to think about my
arguments okay now I know I want to say
bye Sam macaroni hey Rock darn how is
that mint dude how much beer you've been
drinking lately bro it's got like this
huge pot bellies together you're good
missing vlog file hello it is me Shay
are you guys used to my new face yeah
it's me
I has used to me is it weird still this
is still weird seeing my my skinny
shaven face I shaved again I'm gonna set
this down
mami tarde wanted me to shave so I said
okay I'll shave so I think instead of
no-shave November I'm gonna do shave
everyday November
I switched it you see how I did I have a
beard the entire time and then when they
started this whole no Shave November I
switched it anyway so I kind of liked it
I feel like I look young and slide
everybody is giving me compliments you
know saying how handsome and debonair I
have little like Tom Cruise if you will
anyways okay so here's the skinny on
today hi speaking of skinny I'm down to
I've been running exercising I just got
to catch up for a little bit you guys
today we know how many footage that's
what I've tried to say we've been super
busy but I wanted to announce something
that's really exciting I realized that
this is something that you guys have
been asking for forever and ever
probably this has probably been the most
asked question ever since I started
YouTube four years ago is how did you
and Colette me how did you meet that
gorgeous girl that's way better looking
than you are guess what we finally
finally finally sat down and told mostly
from my memory because I remember the
story way better than her but we have it
all we have it in a two-part series that
we have on our podcast Brett Black Flag
Day storm well anyways we have a brand
new channel called when the kids go to
sleep me and Colette are doing a
biweekly podcast where we just sit down
and we chat about our lives and what's
going on for like 20 or 30 minutes per
podcast they're free to download on
iTunes you can go to link below you can
download them for free you can listen
them to you know listen to them while
you're driving to work while you're
exercising a lot of you been saying
you've been listening to a Mike on the
bus and in your classes I can't believe
some of you are actually list there's a
bug on the foot camera who died no one
climbs on my flip cam he gets away with
it yes so thanks for everybody who's
downloaded those and it's been exciting
being on the top downloaded iTunes
podcast download them or just watch them
on YouTube on our channel when the kids
go to sleep so the story the part one I
think it's podcast seven is up right now
on iTunes and you too
the first half of when I very very first
saw my wife Colette for the first time
like our first encounters like the first
embarrassing things that I said to her
and how she like like basically ignored
me and I was like stalking her at
college and all this stuff so the real
story of how I met that beautiful life
that made up this glorious family of
mine is right now for yeah you guys go
watch on the YouTube when the kids go to
sleep or download on iTunes okay sorry
today's videos short I have to head up
to Northridge California right now to
shoot with Sam macaroni we thought we
had all of that's the this is the real
reason it's a macaronis fault why I
don't have a lot of footage today but
once this video comes out you won't mind
it because this video is gonna be really
cool I sent out a tweet pic I don't want
to give too much away I feel like on the
epic series like the last couple ones if
like I've been given too much away in
the vlogs before you actually see the
video so it's not as exciting so I don't
want to give as much of it away this
time
so I've been trying not to vlog while
like behind the scenes I will I should
because then I could show you after we
put it up I just feel like I've been
like giving you guys too much of the out
like the shaycarl videos that's why I
liked this last one this should the epic
staring contest or whatever we do
because yeah it was a secret you guys
don't even know I had shaved my beard
yet and that was a fun little thing
trying to keep that a secret some of you
saw me beardless in hi I'm Ron video Ron
you're in trouble he wasn't opposed to
put that video up but uh before the
actual video went up so that was fun
trying to keep that a secret from you
guys for like 24 hours I felt like I was
lying to you don't be that any use those
watts it's I'm headed up to the
northward right now to film with Sam and
then yeah I got some more cool stuff
we'll get back on track tomorrow okay so
go watch the podcast we'll see how me
and my beautiful soul mate found each
other all right so there you go another
awesome vlog it's a little shorter than
usual but feel free to put down the
knife it's not a big deal just put it
down it's not my fault it's probably
Shay's fault or Sam macaroni or the
economy or Occupy Wall Street or melting
IceCaps or the Equator is shifting and
something about global warming yeah and
apple juice and it's also everyone's
fault but mine
so enjoy the vlog yesterday's vlog click
there there's babies and children and
everything you want and to the right is
a podcast how they met I actually don't
know that story cuz I'm a bad editor and
a bad friend so I'm gonna have to go
watch that podcast with you
alright let's click it and I'll talk to
you later bye
