you are not watching the Shaytards blog
just sit back relax follow along
J says
because
 material
where we at dude where we got guys we're
at the beach
word to your money Santa Monica Pier
what's going on down here at the beach
on a Friday afternoon on a Veterans Day
skipping school when the me knows what
are you guys missing a school day
what's veterans a day I thought no in
the army yeah good job all right
I'm gonna do these rings you ready here
you found me good I'll pick you up in a
mess all right let's get to it
whoa no no you're actually pretty good
go dad you got it dad dad got some
skills on that oh gosh
dad can I try it now can you do it yeah
you wanna reach up there yes okay all
right princess started and daddy tried
he got this
Christmastime you got this hey you
coming dad oh wow w TK GTS when the kids
go to sleep with producer Patricia Ally
people want to know what the whole thing
is I told let's play our whole team I'm
Ali and okay I'm trying to say that I
was richer as well but you guys are
right Patricia is I really scared you
see that that was just like a Glennis
there's a glimmer of the hair wait by in
the background you didn't see Rob's hair
here's our cameraman Tim and today we
have our very first guest of all time
Tanner Richards is coming to the show
for every book her we had the texture
and and tell her that we'll pick her up
there's mommy tired coming into the
podcast late as usual
late as done so far today it's just nice
to see your reality so we're about to
start the podcast if you happened by now
be sure to subscribe links below and
download on iTunes for the whole video
me and these five people show me your
weapons
how tough are ya that's what that one's
real easy get some guys you're scary
look what I just dug yeah alright these
fine people came out today to help us
shoot and he's gonna take some pictures
you got some good photos dude some nice
photos Freddy Krueger's even here so
what we're doing right now is we're
setting up a shot with a little crane
here shapen are we looking shape looking
good gonna be sweet yeah it's gonna work
mark we got a cute little puppy over
here so we're gonna this is a crane that
we can go up really high and then like
come in on the shot with all their
weapons that they have gets vehement
rolling coming out to battle what out of
battle wait and find out I'll just have
to drop my iphone on the ground that was
- oh what's this fancy crane
sure what are you got - just down off
the weapons on to Shea coming through
the crowd this is Robin Watkins and
she's looking very plain right now but
shortly it will change we're out here
and we're getting ready to do a fireball
with this contraption and it's gonna go
boom we're gonna jump in front of it and
it's gonna look like we're getting
exploded but we're not it's gonna be
special effects are actually gonna jump
in front of it first and then it's gonna
happen I got some professional crew
members here too - Scotty oh look it's
Kevin again with this contraption all
right we ready to do this I'm about to
jump by a barrel and land on the ground
with my chakram yeah no we're gonna blow
that barrel up over there so he's gonna
simulate run in front of it okay let me
check this yeah nice
all right you're on tape all right and
accidents did he did he when he came by
with his paddle was it in front of that
thing all right let's try another one
I'm gonna come watch them over there all
right
and action okay awesome you got to be
about two feet lower with your bow I got
home from a busy day at work and we had
some meetings and we made some videos
and the girls said we want to come to
meetings with you so we're having our
own YouTube meeting production meeting
right here I don't think that's a safe
place for you to be I just help you look
at that
okay let's crater that's being an
awesome producer right let me fix
lighting girls are you ready
and then after that we'll go over so
it's gonna be your dad so when do you
think you'll be able to upload that
video 14th the 14 more jobs coming right
out so is there anything that you need
for production that I can help you with
any props or anything okay ice cream so
craft service will have ice cream how
about you Prince Charles or anything
for you at description shaded in yellow
descriptions to the videos take the
description and papers yes or
instructions scrap ship papers okay what
would you like for your craft service me
Aries so told you instructions for
service yes we need an upload your next
video don't give up on yourself you can
do it do you think you can upload one
tomorrow come on just tell me I know
this is hard for you do you think you
could upload your video tomorrow maybe
the next day he's a tortured talent oh
you want me to do it for you it's always
so hard you can flow work with them
alright are you vlogging this meeting an
invitation to what a party a birthday
party when is it are you gonna go I
think he's not going to the birthday
party today
oh are you mad are you having fun out
with the parents we're out to dinner
I'll be cool so we're going out to this
place where did Alessandra go oh yeah
with these beautiful women is it
Christmas lights like Christmas sweater
we're in Culver City right now in a
world where shaycarl is still on set
what will happen to the end slates
in yesterday's vlog Katie let says
goodbye to Shay Carl but will it be for
good the world may never know actually a
spoiler alert yeah they're still totally
together also nude pocket new podcast
not nude that would not be
family-friendly pg-13 are nc-17 whatever
Bret the intern will he do the end
slates for the rest of life
hopefully not GTFO I came here to see
Shaytards yesterday's vlog sent there
get the pulled off screen shaycarl on a
plane awesome click everything and buy
everything and I'll talk to you later
Bret the in turn out alright J we missed
you will see you soon I love you ok oh
as a friend okay bye bye
