you've got the moves and the skills
you're on a mission to kill the world
with munch on your pity I'm impression
just what is
Thank You Shan and Katie this SunGard
and princess garden may be tardy Rock
started now like I said if I love you my
face still amazing rock card he figured
out how to take off his buckle it could
unbuckle his seat he is the smartest
baby in the world
hey great go baby hey she's coming back
baby tired oh what are you doing back
there
Oh busted I'm a little morning some
sucking session I see hey zip the lip
brahim what are you doing baby with the
water bottle baby with the water bottle
and the crown on his head is such a
precious princess is that Jack hey look
who it is Rock chart look oh who is it
who is it yeah it's mommy
he left Airport a yes Haley's gonna take
the kids to school yes we just dropped
him off so that she can take him to
school because they go to the same
College they get it amounted in English
in history haha ok now we go to LAX I am
the worst at Sunday Oh today what time
tonight 7 o'clock tonight we're gonna be
in the air at the same time me and Kelly
from Singapore to Lausanne ours wow
there's Bowser's that's a crazy flight
time okay here we go to the airport
right
we are going to nap on I guess today it
is a nap abroad busted
Oh French locked in we really Fred how
it second of batters some silly things
so I looked on going a teenager faces
sure I've had this shirt for a long time
well you look great
well I'm off to Napa Valley baby I'll
miss you
I love you why we have we're over the
water
we're over the rod we're like really
really close the crazy pavement without
landing in San Francisco is it looks
like you're better learn ocean I'll show
you my fate what's lunch all water we're
about to let where are we go oh there's
land hopefully just in time
and we have touched off
here we are in Napa Valley in this grove
of trees we just watched Planet of the
Apes
rise of the Apes save yourself two hours
here we are
Jay quit during your water you looking
healthy hi wait it wasn't afraid you're
gonna do the high kick again oh yeah
it's cuz you've been running around
where are we
Napa Valley do you want to do something
I get out the pyrotechnics okay I'll be
right back I just gotta go downstairs oh
man this hotel room is awesome it has
standards that thing was people running
down the stairs with oh this is very
convincing do it we'll do it behind the
kitchen right there now take the
elevator it's a good work on do stairs
well now they know you just walked over
the stairs
guff stairs
pretty good follow thing
see you later oh oh do it that was
good that was really good what's that
convincing that's good dude that's your
best one yet there is there is alright I
admit there's no stairs there at the
airport I witnessed this si ma'am this
bag needs go through x-ray then she
replied it has cats in it
let's not throw up okay dude right now
if you know anything about Southwest
they don't have a scientist who ever
gets on so right now me impressed crazy
and this big fan Brett hasn't cilantro
but because we don't want any of us I
feel like he has to throw up so that
nobody don't want to sit between us okay
Jim look so hot outside
it's four plus Bret's put his giant
sweater here too so people are
discouraged it's also key to have like
really big slab stick your legs I'm an
MBA superstar Brett does that size 14
shoes by the way they're big so yeah
we're sitting here acting like weird
people smell so here's the question
would you sit in between us look if
there's not enough space
yeah there's no space look look my shoes
and Brett's knees you know is that
really my wife oh good job chef I am so
sorry
you know I am so smart marry her
dude I'd marry her
every day of the week twice if I could
there's Callie hi Callie she's straight
from Singapore it's not like crap
don't again such a ladies lady is
amazing so beautiful hi I'm Shay
nice to meet you I'm sorry to interrupt
the session rocked art go shut the
fridge hurry you're wasting energy
you're always opening the fridge just
leaving it open and hanging around the
oven
your little cuteness your rosy cheeks
and blonde hair oh do it everybody loves
everyday brother thank you touch
together oh yeah I'll open it I'll do
whatever I want
yeah I'm gonna get stuff out here well
you need some new pots dirty this is
before nine ninety five plus sucks who
said that friends are arrogant now
wasting money in this house how it's
done son well it's what you get for
being a stupid baby like grab my face I
think he's shocked about my my skin's
really sorry he told you hey who is in
town tell us about your fire
by the way I love this little getup you
got there
it's it is this from that girl that does
all those clothes that it's your friend
so she's been living in Singapore for a
year and I saw your tweet to the day
explain that so she has lived in
Singapore for exactly one year to the
day that's crazy and the thing we
haven't seen her for an entire year do I
look different no I saw them in studio
today it was amazing do you know her do
you remember her you ever hurt your aunt
Kelly Kelly you hear her music like
every day hey great intro today by the
way played soccer in Oz watching Nanny
McPhee let's hope we do hold me
oh stop bro oh dude hey you did great
you did great in the new video rave
reviews rave reviews and all the
comments talking about the kid tards
knowing how to act
pack what backchat hey baby tired
everybody thought you were really cute
in the dryer did you watch the video I
want to see honesty right see it
Tamara let's go watch it together we
haven't seen it together I hate the one
I can't like that's my like one of the
my favorite parts of upholding those
videos is watching their reaction for
the first time and I'm pissed because I
had to go out of town for a day and a
half so I couldn't see their first
reaction so I was kind of when they
wouldn't have seen it yet but they had I
should have told you I should just said
don't let him see it cuz I that's my
favorite part is watching them like
watch it for the first time as they're
like and they get it and that easy
cheesy Bologna face did you do that no
you know give me no I'm gonna five
push-ups right five okay you look like
you do five push-ups
let's go come on
just hanging out to dinner
stretch of Achilles or something silence
your face what oh you want to open them
now this might be a perfect time since
the cameras out all right let's see
where these presents at bring out the
goods and Kali
let's see the good stuff okay high five
time is over knock it off no high fivin
in this house isn't loud so and Kalia
brought some progress oh did you just
try to slip a high-five by me did I just
see a burger nose-picking
five slipping five much I've no go past
my viewing area I don't think so all
right let's see these presents poor kids
been waiting really no way awesome and I
just lied through my teeth at customs
you were ready declare Asian liar you
guys you see what Callie had to do
should do international espionage to get
you these presents okay
yeah I hope you apprised mami tardo come
here dude what are you doing cards
making dinner by ordering pizza the
mommy's making us a healthy vegetable
dinner it's nutritious and delicious and
we love her
back to presents okay brothers enough
dog I wanna present this is from and
from Singapore I am ANS his present
sucks
yeah setting that one's mine is that one
mine
those are baby tarts oh alright so what
do you got Tinker Bell of course that's
perfect that's no there's none for you
get away just trying to climb up he's
got a pretty tough Eddie's bond few
dollars rody guys say huh all the way
from Singapore hey you have to make eye
contact when we say thank you eyes up
later put my mouth on that bull well
thank you that was awesome - there more
there's more on presents and get it
through anybody anybody ready there did
you get my hey you know what to me
that's what come on you guys I'll be
right back just open your present come
here listen to me
all right sorry I just had to do a
little OSE cheese even easy those great
sound effects on the hands that was
sweet hi hey
I watched our video the other day and I
learned our handshake again come here
cuz we were ever a time to laugh we
could you guys open those we're gonna go
buy a little presents flood guys dude
that's like from Karate Kid man that
Karate Kid two or three was it - when he
goes over overseas did what listen
Eminem easy find a chill B bro that is
from across the world you realize that
that is literally from the other side of
the world and it is now that's worth
$30,000 hands off hands off
like that music say if I'm good
he's trying to make it work you gotta
shake it
show me that brother teach me how I want
to understand language of music I like
thanks big brother for sharing this art
with me what a magical moment
alright working alright what are we
thinking I'm sorry continue that is
adorable
Oh My heavens to Murgatroid pardon my
language but that is cute I gotta say it
out loud so cheese and he's not a
rhinoceros that's in my memory banks for
some reason that happened somewhere in
some parts of a pub rock card
oh wait dude here listen rock hard I
want you in this shirt and those shoes
make it happen right now I am there he
is
but you're the perfect little gentleman
bro you got your ID top Star Wars
converse on looking slug oh I know why
he's mad he doesn't have a gold chain or
one of the he's amazing showed up for
the bball courts yo yo I got next bro
yeah yeah yeah I got next okay everyone
like jump shot yeah okay seriously bro
that's a great present at all but you
know it's just let's just walk
centaur you're about to get you're about
to get pay late in the face he ready bro
oh dude he's almost as big as you are
now
alright don't hurt your mom or I'll have
to hurt you one of my new stand back to
back to your seven year old seven years
old like by like by a barely 11 inches
right yeah he's a big boy he's like are
you the toss in your class I'll tell you
he's like seven foot two inch put a
shirt on you bum Carlos Peter Berner
home and recycle the peanut butter
oh it's more peanut butter
where's all my ingredients I'm gonna
make my peanut butter raisinet cookies
restock these shows they stuff
oh that's about to go on your frickin
head dude you are lucky that it rolled
down there okay out of the pantry you
don't have the authorities in there
working hard here I like your sweater
brother you we need to do like some new
skinnier editions of this shaycarl
sweater my faces he kind of sounds like
a joker there doesn't it like my father
made daily vlogs and YouTube and they're
much better than yours Batman there's
something in my mouth anyways so that
was the video she is not here right now
because he's shooting a video and yeah
he's another Shaytards we'll be here
tomorrow just as it is every day
yesterday's vlog was the thousandth
video make sure to check that out and
also if you haven't seen the new
shaycarl video insane stare contest is
pretty good I liked it I watched it and
I favored it because I have to or he'll
fire me that's not true but yes I am
forced to do all those things I look at
princess started hitting shave I
encourage that anyways I hope you
enjoyed today's vlog I did cuz I made it
alright I'll talk to you later bye
