all righty what quiet I'm filming a
video she's looking for something my
diet
oh all right let's get serious
okay so this channel is gonna be my Shh
arts channel and this would be for
whatever I want I know what you're gonna
say like yeah you know what about your
other channel I know if you're gonna say
oh so this is me a channel I'm gonna do
whatever I want on and you know cuz you
know people I don't give a rat's I'm
here let's play it
start over alrighty what filming a video
quiet jeez I'm looking for something to
eat diet oh channel this channel is
gonna be just doing it everyone on that
channel yeah but then people like
Eddie this channel I'm not even gonna
give a rat's patootie about what goes on
here I'm sure whatever up I don't know
you're gonna say in those things a
thousand videos
where's baby tired
Merrit baby tired we're having a
celebration come celebration with us why
are you gonna get shoes on he's reading
about it right now it's in that book
yeah we just got it published you can
read about it dude dude you're not even
in all thousand who's in the most
Shaytards videos me probably you're more
than that
how many intros how many intros are you
Andy you're in a lot of intros lately
yeah alright so we are here at our home
and we're just we I just got home I've
been in Napa Valley for two days and so
it's kind of been hard to get anything
together for the thousands video I want
to do something good but we did the
beard thing yesterday and I hope you
guys enjoyed that video if you haven't
seen it go check it out yes I am a new
man so do you guys think that we should
go for a thousand more
how isn't she guard videos that good
sure I think I should shave for a while
maybe I shouldn't grow the beard back
but I like it
do you like good this is this is how
this is how I was when we were married
well we have a twin tell you guys that
we got a divorce sorry and you know what
I love about shaving is that this guy
who I know boogers what the buggery
feast on your face look I feel so polite
bro he lets me kiss him a lot more
because I don't have the giant beard on
my face and today I think yeah people I
wasn't worked at as a maker and people
are just like I did a bunch of funny
things you know Dante works with Peter I
wha I drove up next to him and I was
like staring I flipped him off I gave
him like this look and I flipped him off
was like flipping him off and he like
looks at me like sure you know guys and
then he's like finally like I because I
wouldn't move I just stood there and he
like looked at me long enough he goes
like this he's like this John I just
draw Denis vlogs also she didn't know
who I was they had no idea who I was
like there's probably like three or four
people that I know really really well
that I've known for years who I saw who
just didn't know who I was like walked
right past me and like saw me and said
hi it was like hey and didn't know who I
was it's crazy I wanted to shoot a like
a behind-the-scenes video of me like
meeting a lot of these people for the
first time but now my face is out
because of our new video
Oh Oh does that hurt no consideration
he's very strong as he does it to
himself he's tough he's like a little
maniac alright so we are gonna go out to
dinner with go take Kelly Ann Moore out
on the town she's fresh off the jets
from Singapore she's lived in Singapore
and okay so let's open some presents Oh
jeepers creepers look at those oh that's
this is like what the other vlog this is
for one this is we have to do this is
just the down we can't give you that's
for tomorrow's video anyways okay you
guys will get ready to go I just wanted
to talk to you guys this is gonna be one
taker like I said I just got back from
Napa and sawasdee thank you like I was
just like I just had this Oh easy here
Hercules so I was in the Napa like
there's this conference with these
YouTube executives or this this team of
people who work in advertising and on
YouTube and it was just I was watching
we they showed the video of when rock
card was born and the like when I was in
the van driving like during that day
when we were supposed to call to get see
if have collected be induced and it was
like so weird it's like being a room
full of like 50 strangers I did I knew a
few of them but most of them I just
don't really know and like see like such
a personal moment like to see people
watching me in a personal moment and it
was like weird it was like wow like
we've shared so much of our life you
know out there with the world and it's
it's like I think what I was singing
about earlier what I knew it was about
to say is if I just that first video
that's our very very first Shaytards
video go good old chubby shaycarl 265
pounds I was right there and you know
what's so interesting about that video
this is crazy if you go back and watch
that video they
channel Shaytards channel was supposed
to be called the Shh our drew bell
unites or ash a Tartar value nights I
can't remember but that's the channel
that I wanted and apparently somebody
had taken it because that was our team
name when we're doing the blog TV's Iron
Man and somnium challenge if you
remember back in those days that's
forever it's crazy there's so many
memories and they're all right there man
all those memories all those good times
everything we've done in the last a
thousand videos is all right there
for us to all share in and it's like oh
it's stunning gotta do some man stuff
stupidest rajala doesn't work anyways
it's broken anyways um thank you you
know a thousand videos it's cool okay
yeah
alright so what else anything else no
cool thanks guys love you see you
tomorrow
