you are not watching the Shaytards
just say that
let's follow
because his kid
we bought materials and you aside
videos weekly
his time number throwing happen why
don't you look great
I can't wrap tags you know nobody right
now so they're out there filming the
video so I'm trying to keep him
entertained so it's not out there
running around and screaming and getting
in their way so we found something fun
to do in here hey Joe new chick it's
just like his daddy
what what show us your trick Hey
practice shoot Rick Oh jump jump jump
jump jump amber jump jump jump
he's getting so tired now he's jumping
and then just like jumping right into
this pile now he's just following AC
tired he's too tired
Shanghai's fights to free you've got
like oh she's not like boogers and
though thick feathers are falling out of
this so the feathers are sticking those
boogers in is gross Wow they're so crazy
they're so crazy yeah choice again I
know where he's going now we go where
you going come back here come on over
Zeke over come back
keeping me busy oh so hard key in the
bed and so much work he's gonna sleep
good tonight I hope so yeah you're
Japanese say 1 2 3 jump ah that's a
great idea it's a great idea I'm gonna
be at say 1 2 3 jump
reminds me of some type of animal like a
mole
he's digging you digging like a mole
you're gonna jump yeah 1 2 3 cups I
guess I'll just let you do whatever you
want you're wearing yourself out good
enough do it again do it again here yo
bunny
you are you funny you know bunny I love
you all right you guys we are at the
most epic shoot in a long time because
che is
is beer for this video you'll see full
version on shaycarl this one behind the
seats that's what we're doing dog oh
alright we're about to shave my beard
babe that's such a great look for you at
what point in your life do you find
yourself having your daughter shave your
beard as you prepare seven euro you
should put a guard on it rights I don't
make it work better right like you know
well cut you we use that one yeah that's
really sure you guys do scary so Prince
start you're gonna say when she says
David her doesn't say what are we gonna
do and you're gonna say desperate times
call for desperate measures
practice hmm there's some times call for
desperate misery nature's very good that
was really yeah and just been popping up
desperate times call for desperate
measures
desperate times call for desperate
measure measure measure measure higher
she's lost her teeth right yeah sure
sure so cool
that's my decoration he's throwing all
my squishy squashes on the floor what's
going on my squishies on the floor
so funny I think that was Pickers ok
this is a one taker this is a one taker
here let's see if this works my beard oh
do you have any last word is so sad it
really is I don't think you guys
understand how hard it is it's a home
it's like cutting your hair yes like her
like oh I used to always fight for
having my hair I'd make fun of girls
every time like a girl get their hair
cut naman cry you ever heard of a girl
crying so I cut her hair - sure yeah I
feel that no I'm just like man I mean
it's like such an accomplishment think
of all the things this beard has been
through all the people had seen this is
people have touched roots you're glad to
gather into people like touched it and
rub it in their face you know it's like
another person that he's just gonna not
be hearing alright so princess are you
ready to do this yeah it's like a one
take er dude we have to get this right
so hold it like everybody in the
background my pirate and shave and go
all the way up and then just keep going
okay just keep shaking cuts best P go
like this because those things are going
to be moving back and forth so you want
to go up and then just keep cutting okay
and then you can up well I don't know if
you could go down but mostly just go up
like I go and then just keep going and
cut and do it fast thing we get in
editing like speed it up so it looks
like crazy or how do you want to think
we should do some chunk up we'll get
that shot for behind so you can't tell
anything
then we do cut like just we get somebody
else's hand sweet SuperBetter like you
can just see X icon yeah come on it'll
look like whatever right okay ready are
we gonna do gonna giggle a bit right now
yes we will get your thumb right on
there so that you can flip that on like
I did you know what I mean I was like
that so you flip it on and start shaving
I don't because I remember so pull it up
slow we like this desperate times call
for desperate measures
look it on and then just start shaving
McCain and then start shaving me okay
okay let's see if practicing more time
and blink at all in this kind of yeah
gambling okay let's try it okay here we
go
right there's a little goodbye right to
my to the beer everybody hey why is the
one taker is the audio working okay you
got your line and do it slow the slower
you do it the better then just keep
going you love Jun just K here we go any
time since I've ever I love you thanks
for sure okay you ready yeah
desperate times rolling coffin does it
measures Shh there we go you're gonna
say stop picking your nose first of all
hence your side please and you say what
are we gonna do and then as we say
you're like okay team 154 take 1 here we
go we're ready yeah okay practice your
leg one more time desperate times call
for desperate measures
hey you ready you're gonna say what are
we gonna do something in your else's run
starts I want Victor take one why are
you picking your nose so much all right
shake your finger action okay when he
says action you say what are we gonna do
but look at her okay you look at her so
what are we gonna do and then look at
you're dead and then look at me do not
look at the camera okay actually what am
i than you
so look at your dad after after you say
your yeah I think she needs to like
grapple with a beer try to grab like
this could grab like this and then just
go like that so so look you're not going
to watched I've got a bottom.i beer like
that and then this part that rubber that
rubber part will protect edge goes
straight through and you're going to
have to push hard they pull on it and
just go okay
okay ready we want to make sure we get
this this is a great line / okay let's
try it again
okay come in here look like this I'm
gonna be like this you guys understand
we're here to say you want Victor - all
right
no no no no no no no aah no plays the
song why
ah enough Liggett you'll never get me
job okay so do we get that tower has a
beard and your baby tart did as awesome
I'm sure coral sounds good so gross
she's got another many chocolate I guess
the one that held it up to her face
thought it was awesome wow you look
really young huh I'm older than him I
know it's gonna I don't look good
hey everybody its Carl I'm shy caramel
with a half mustache looks so different
I know they're my chin is it right there
your face is so tiny I know it's a weird
to see why Vegas makes my hair look
longer wash out my eyes like I did it
shave the Sun tard I am impressed dude
check this out you went on YouTube and
you learn how to do it it's really
certainly look good now here towards the
end look so you have a pattern going you
finally got it nice you're finally gonna
still get it done when you're done I
want to see it Kay nice job dude licking
good centaur getting the old bracelets
done and they'll learn an old burning
let me see yeah show me a little bit of
how it works you explain it to us can
you give us a tutorial you have to do
different hands on each side like this
side you do this then this side
nice skeleton you put it on your thumb
under right pulled out you pull the blue
string up then you do it again over not
Oprah
Colts I don't we put that right here
devotion bow on the next one so you're
just going to go on to the next one tie
two knots again or want
yes mommy tardo I don't have any
daughters not my daughters they're not
my daughters technically yes they are
how many daughters arena out we're
having are we done with having kids no
we're gonna have 17 dollars in point 17
daughters right you guys are you still
tripped out about my face so we're don't
forget you wait take it I used to it I
used to it yet does it we know just as
soon as you get used to it brother beard
you guys think I'm weird don't get to
you guys not like me anymore because I'm
a new shape I'm the new shape holes
you're not you're the same shaycarl you
just have a new look then you're gonna
grow the beard back then people will be
like I'm gonna I think I'm gonna grow it
back but maintain it I'll grow a beard
back we just had a close one like I used
to have but I think I might have it like
this for a little while
check it out we got some new furniture
today and the ladies got a new book big
butts too some lot songs so I can blow
you guys asleep how do you like your new
bunk bed
so princess tards on top baby tardone
are you scared why what are you scared
of what are you doing up there did you
hide something up there and your poster
head boobs
oh you watching over the girls at night
create stir keep them safe what is this
huh visit hot dog here at all no food no
juice no jumping no oh these are the
rules no punching no kissing
Justin Bieber no no Chuck no kissing
Justin Bieber is that a roll here that
Justin Bieber no kissy Justin Bieber why
is that a roll
it's only umbrella can kiss Justin
Bieber so if I was to do this um I'll be
breaking the rules
oh I'm sorry can't stop our love can't
hold our love back me justice love no
rules I don't care what the rules are I
love it strong carry me the rules you
read them to me you wrote them down what
do you mean you don't know him you're
low on the road a villain I can't read
your writing
I see no list nod raw sugar at all no
food no juice no jumping I'm jumping
against no curl reg on the wood no
coloring on the wood no punching no
pudgy egg discours inna
oh no punching that okay okay right no
hitting or no kissing Justin Bieber no
hitting thin right and tangi no throg
the toys down oh don't hit Flynn Ryder
and Rapunzel right of course and then no
don't throw the toys down on the ground
baby tired do you have all these rules
memorized because you're gonna be asked
these up the media do we could put a
poster up here you want to do that you
want to put a poster up here so that you
can sleep hey and everybody by the way
this is my original wedding ring I have
now defatted myself again gonna take it
off you know this is the ring that your
mommy gave to me when we got married she
said here wear this ring you know why I
wear this ring so that all the other
girls who see me will know that I am
married to your mom they'll say oh I
better stay away from him he's got a
ring
my name is dad nice to meet you
ticket I'm gonna see my ring cuz I got
whatever I got too fat and I couldn't
wear it but now that I lost all the way
I can wear it again this is my original
wedding ring I had my first memory is
that cool awesome okay good night girls
what do you think hey tell me what you
think she think I look little do you
like it yes what do you think I look
like your dad and when you are a
teenager do you think I like young telic
younger what do you guys think do I look
younger do you like it you guys what do
you think about the new face what do you
got the chin my handsome devil right
what do you think babies are do you like
my hair do you like my
shape face shift no cuz I want I want
your ear beards back you liked the beard
y-yes
ok maybe I'll grow it back I'll probably
grow it back but just not as long okay
last time you yeah just like I had last
time alright girls go to sleep I'm a
little disappointed a little
disappointed earthquake less eyebrows
it's not broken
okay I want all this cleaned up tomorrow
though okay you guys all right Jackson
Harris you need to clean up the closet
too young man All Right girls good night
love you do you like your new bed yeah
good night oh my Hannah Montana
sometimes this upstairs becomes the kids
labyrinth and then it is just the
decimator giant pieces of furniture and
toys and homework and a few of my
weights
it's a giant mess in this house but
we're pretty busy so it's hard to keep
up sometimes hey guys brette the intern
here currently shaycarl and myself are
in Napa Valley California as we speak
Shea is giving a speech to a bunch of
Google executives in this conference
room and I am doing a voiceover in the
bathroom so don't tell on me click to
the left if you want to see the new
Katie light video it is awesome I just
watching myself and also to the right
you can click for the new shaycarl video
and the beard shaving go check it out
all right I'll talk to you later
please don't tell anyone I'm in the
stall of this bathroom wait someone
coming no all right I have to go go I
hope you enjoyed today's video I know he
looks a little bit different without the
beard also for the shoe giveaway we're
gonna be like double tomorrow all right
cool bye
