you are not watching the Shaytards
back
- the pain
hey you guys it's just about to leave
but first I want to show you what my
Eton ratty little slug dude Rothbard
loves to get up here on this chair until
Stockholm looking crazy require somehow
yesterday the wrong target okay and yet
yourself using new take you the other
day when rock card was standing up on
this chair pouncing away at the
keyboards he somehow turned on this
thing that tells everything that you're
doing I can't figure enough oh wait
computers on your local network can
access welcomes you right
she got window system preferences okay
so I think that's somewhere in here in
language in text it thinks you're
blinded then you are currently on a
toolbar how would you like well I guess
you're throwing over yep you're blind if
you slowly scrolled over and it told you
what it was yeah that's interesting so
I'm not blind Rock tard you little
Butthead wherever he is monkey brand
yeah I think now we're doing juice fast
seven days there you tell them about it
I almost had a some chips and salsa
today but I haven't so you need to do it
I've had only coconut water today so far
well here's the thing if we know juice
price we can't do it for two days
there's you for a week no I am NOT gonna
not eat in Nampa Napa Napa we're going
to Napa to go have a talk with YouTube
in a couple of days and I told them I'm
not there's gonna be like good
restaurant I think you're a motivational
speaker for Google executives that's
pretty is that what it is
well I don't know is like motivation
speaking yeah they're asking questions
and you're like go to that and by the
way I get an email about what else what
stuff well okay uh did you figure it out
super you know obviously I think if you
maybe restart I did I already did I
restarted it I tried oh you did yes all
right I've tried that well it's it's
somewhere around here we'll figure it
out where's Rach tart with Anna Richards
ukulele ukulele what is that no mandolin
I don't know maybe card let's hear that
son
Justin Bieber skateboard and salsa
maniac that's what you learn how to make
the salsa mommy tired made a homemade
salsa huh how was school today you just
got home
how was it what'd you learn about tell
me everything about Bailey she said her
a ring on the table and her friend took
cos she was gonna give it back what kind
of ring was it had a ladybug on it and a
nice ring yeah she really liked it so
Braley lost her ring she still had to
race but the lady who is helping her
it's always II didn't know that that was
a wiener she thought it was a tie so she
wouldn't hurry to the trash oh did she
try to go look through the trash to find
it no we were looking yeah we didn't
know but uh awesome gross did you want
to go through the trash afterwards and
see if we could find it boy what a few
asteroid he said hey lunch lady can we
please look through there to try to why
why cuz you're scared of the lunch lady
or because you think it's gross alright
so Bailey lost her ring in the garbage
that's a sad story that's what you
learned today great glad we're not
paying for your education public
education okay we found it out where is
that where yes what super utility and I
got a speech speech you want to hear
it's oh yeah that's pretty funny so did
Kathy Smith 22nd items check mark
Victoria where's Kevin how good news
what's that man let's go you know
they're gonna sing it the whole time no
my gosh turn that crap off alright we
figured it out
such a turd said sheiter like a butane
rat we are used to me that Ross's Occupy
Wall Street Lee yeah I'm in science my
dad my dad just said you're never gonna
get us the Lee opponent occupy the
shaycarl house that link to rock just
you know it's me it's like affords my
dad are you blogging baby turn hey guys
check out the link to this video that
we're talking my dad only that's funny
it is funny isn't it alright names are
through the camera dude what are you
doing your listen you're gonna be fired
as a blogger you know that you're not
fired fired is a longer hair fight my
beard okay
by my beard is are some of the last days
of invite my beard here I love all my
children to bite it
I don't not too hard though careful
gonna slobber sometimes it's an honor
bite it
why won't you love him back why won't
you shop I'm not gonna bite your beard
sheds that's it beer tortilla chips hey
that's not on your raw diet get out of
here no by the way today's title is by
my beard shampoo didn't know okay
princess art we need to go over your
life you gonna do this desperate times
call for desperate measures are you
gonna do our website okay do it again
for the target but desperate times call
for desperate measures
yeah you will Frank do it that's it
princess our let's see your scene what
are you doing are you writing the script
what are you writing Doug's you're
writing your script okay there's our
script okay let's see yet some pas
hareton hey let's sit they say cut hey
Bros what's your name is that your
script did you write that down hey Bros
what's your name where is that on there
here oh that's this is your script for
this what we're shooting today you wanna
read them your first line for the video
we're shooting today read em reading the
first line for your scripture today
challenge contest okay but now don't now
act it don't read it take the paper away
can I just go ahead go action cut ready
action
you remember read it one more time but
don't don't read it while you said hey
Dad I challenge
a staring contest sweet he's ready baby
cries remember what you're doing in this
video who doesn't love an exclamation
point in a video I know I do that's how
I've made my living because it's like
exclamation point just make it actually
make it we might as well make it in size
28 fun
all right we're going super obnoxious
loud so you see my annotation yesterday
that I did no I don't you didn't see it
I can't
that's unfortunate yeah well somehow I
still got hired it was giant and
obnoxious
okay I'm speaking of just do it for like
three seconds though doesn't it
okay we're about to shoot our video here
it's pretty epic what's happening to
this video but I'm not gonna tell you
because I don't want to ruin it because
it's kind of like that's what the videos
relying on is you not knowing what it is
okay but we'll tell you this having a
staring contest
what's the secret che che I have a
question for you
I noticed the receipt at your house
there was a receipt for an electric
razor and a shaver what is that all
about well we will all miss it also the
shoe giveaway today it's not an adidas
like on the screen but it is the
Shaytards shoe
away goes right over been able to find
out how you can win today we're going to
do it by trivia via Twitter it's gonna
be a great time go ahead check it out
everyone can do it I won't do that right
now
Thank You Shay bye
