you've got the moves and the skills
you're on a mission to kill the world
with munch on your pity I'm impression
just what is
Thank You Shane and Katie their son
jarred and princess Carter may be tardy
rock-hard and Malachi Joffrey
come on come inside push the door open
he's excited it's raining outside and he
is pumped out Grace and get mud oh geez
you're not coming inside now Derek sorry
it's not the cards for you bro don't
come inside no no no no Kai you son of a
monkey right through my legs right
through my legs he went do you see that
doll kai oh great look at that he's in
trouble
honey Malachi didn't listen to me
hey you're in trouble young man you
didn't listen to me now look at the
carpets look at this carpet dog tracks
everywhere well you can't take all the
cocaine at once that's the problem
all right we're getting ready to go to
church is ready quit drinking the baby
powder weirdo
it's a full-time job trying to keep this
baby clean or tell you what many hands
make light work does this jacket off all
dressed and ready and we're all getting
in the car I grab me the buckle in the
car and he is leaked like it was
disgusting like bird bath time new
outfit here we go
Oh everybody you might be kneeling
smells money yesterday took his diaper
off we can handle it works like that
stairs
and on the little scissor exercise they
pooped right there you did well that's
what everybody should do with the poop
in their arms
you go to the Church of that Jackson
Harris tattoo in your face Malachi
usually will always listen to me but he
knew that we're leaving to for church
and he knew that if he didn't get inside
before we left he wasn't had to stay
outside for the entire time he's smart
like that he literally knows so begin
sign please please please let me go let
me go
he ran right through my legs like I was
standing right in front of him and he
usually will never challenge me if I'm
standing in front of him like that he
slid right between my legs and made it
inside no he's warm and we can go to
church hey butt-head
you're lucky you're old than I love you
or else you'd be in trouble let you get
away with it yeah I know it's all over
the floor with truth and wisdom fraud to
govern all
yeah that's it guys doing crazy monkeys
I'm spying on you are you singing you
sound really pretty what song is that
the Jesus song oh cool
that's a chart-topper careful you don't
bump your heads hey what are you guys
doing watching the foosball game wants
to see
Brian's playing a foosball and caught
that on the catch
no he had possession is the thing with
watch control has it control control
control
they still had control urban even
detects it down it was hard
Sears in the bathing intellectual is we
must have control they keep going
looking like what do you have control of
the ball before touch the ground or
anything for it to start
it's not really good to catch yes and
then can you do it to me yes can I do it
when they went after her what if this
hurts me how you're not a little boy
anymore do your big touchdown you're
like the big bro Wow
you like the homey now you're like
what are you guys tomorrow
hey mommy dude you should see your
daughter over here doing a character
dude karate dude is that your wrist bend
karate chop
how many responds you got there bro
where's that grotty chop 1,800 hey
speaking of wrist bands did you ever
finish those wrists then so we bought
you whatever happened with us remember
that thing we bought you at the store
they're supposed to be able to braid
those wristbands and like this one where
you're the bigger ones you have that
string
you started making another shot right
here let's see it look at it honest it
to answer the question if you ever
finish those bracelets ever it is so let
me see you helpful tone ahead but my
stomach that hurt that's kind of bear
I've got a baby dragon
let me see doing this shit well we
started oh wow we're horrible part mami
tarde
we made it big it's my fault we made a
big deal about saying that he was gonna
do this um blah blah blah and remember
and then that's as far as we got I
couldn't figure it out so I tried to
have mommy tart help me and then here go
watch your video on YouTube they teach
you how to do it yeah I think it's tough
to remember how to do it I think it's a
website what's going on YouTube but you
can search and I'll show you just go to
how to videos to YouTube is the new
search engine bro haven't you heard
Google's the thing of the past
it's all about searching in the youtubes
now it's not only do you get the
information that you're looking for they
have a video showing you how to do it I
was talking to some people about how
YouTube is now not only just a place to
go watch videos what's a giant search
engine kids these days instead of
reading about how to do something they
watch a video on how to do something
like how to braid a bracelet or how to
clean a gun or how to do anything that
you have a question about you could
probably find that video on YouTube you
check it out and YouTube mirror you
wonder if they have a YouTube video on
how to watch you - how to watch it well
open your eyes and that's it any day
yeah actually you are doing a tutorial
on how to raise a family on you tis
right your beer lay my beards like Rock
tards hair do you know that I'm shaving
it off dude it's like days away excited
oh by the way the bracelet I can totally
teach some tired how to do that he
actually learned he got on YouTube
tonight and figured how to do it and he
was doing but what good am i you are
good for nothing I used to teach them
camp comes well YouTube does it all now
not anymore
you replace me mom eat hard was mad that
I was flinging princes tart around like
that so much but princes started was
loving it she was laughing so hard that
I couldn't she loved it by the way shoo
get away we're doing this you go get a
shoe we'll give you to give you one of
each left and right yeah both of them
okay bye
