you've got the moves and the skills
you're on a mission to kill the world
with munch on your pity I'm impression
just what is
Thank You Shan and Katie this SunGard
and princess start and maybe tardy rock
started now like I said okay we are here
at this new studio server filming the
mom stock and obsolete that right here
yeah this is my look guys you know that
you'll get to see why I'd have my hair
this color so I'm not gonna give no idea
what a working her magic as usual okay I
have to show you guys this awesome place
okay the lights are low so hopefully you
can see it all but this green screen
starts from way over here in the
warehouse and it stretches all the way
down to that corner goes all the way up
to the ceiling and then they have this
beautiful white studio area with tons of
lights this is awesome I walked in here
and I'm like oh likes movie let's do it
so what is this is this the new show the
crews view I love it
you guys are so hot what are we talking
about today oh crap and any answers
the answer is no more sex ding it
that's not true Shh
we do have four kids so we got to find
time some time and right here we are
getting ready to film it's gonna be a
great so we're walking back to the
bathroom I have to show you guys where
this bathroom is just behind like this
giant studio stuff right here right now
we're walking behind it giant top all
these different sets and there's a
random kickboxing guy hi dude what's up
good to see ya and then you come back
here there's all this extra green screen
and it's like I could get lost in here
but I'm surprised that I don't haven't
seen any rodents yet but oh the naked
mannequins
that's exciting hi I'm have to show
everybody where the bathrooms are Lily
behind this giant maze and there's an
echo near it and this painting that
reminds me of McDonald's for some it's a
funny joke McDonald's the red or the red
and the yellow and lipstick before but
it's kind of like the mustard and
ketchup
I just wash my hands because my hands
smell like
hey guys I'm here in the music studio
and I'm going to be recording Callie and
i's Christmas songs we're putting out a
few Christmas songs it's gonna be
exciting a little nervous this will
actually be the very first time that
I've ever recorded in a music studio or
ever recorded myself singing really hey
Rob you're my favorite person today make
me sound really good kay
oh you sound great so we're recording in
the studio and we just hear this like
banging outside we think it's a gunshot
I hear a crowd there must be something
going on random fireworks
it's Thursday it's firework night it's
Friday Thursday I'm going home for the
weekend okay it's Friday firework night
high school football going on right now
oh yeah I missed that man my mom's been
oh I needed that like you need to see my
face cuz you didn't hear me talk well
you can hear me talk but you could see
my face you could see my face you could
see my body
maybe he likes pageants stop it my mom
has been saving pictures of Logan he's
been playing and I apparently their team
is undefeated and they're going to State
or something it's a lot of high school
football going on right now I never
played football when I was in high
school I played well I did play football
from fifth grade to ninth grade when I
got in high school I preferred skiing I
went skiing instead and I didn't play
because like the very first of the ski
season like right around now like I
started wanting to go ski in and like
that's when the full I don't know I just
didn't play football in high school but
I played soccer in high school and you
don't really care what sports I played
in high school a blatant hey girls look
at me
where am I going oh so right now we're
headed to go do the podcast at maker
music there's a music studio at maker
music and were gonna go to the podcast
I'm meeting mami tart there she was
filling something else today I don't
know we have crazy lives but I'm going
to meet her there now hi babe what is up
here so sweet you guys can't hear him
wait say that again hear that I sound
like a million dollar this is
interesting eyes I can hear every little
crack and squeak you do and my voice oh
no Harry you should sing every second
very did you record some of it I record
it out there a little bit oh okay so I'm
gonna go out here and film you dude you
sound awesome
and by the way you look
laying it down there she is my baby
laying it down in the studio Justin
Bieber eat your heart out my babies
making a Christmas song - sounds great
you dance can you dance more this time
yeah Christmas baby why everyone's doing
push-ups let's go rock tart give me 20 I
want 20 push-ups
there it goes funny question what job
baby tired still doing
when you taught me that game with a
custom string gets stretched it
easy with the ball in the house I'm
gonna break something
push-ups down give them 20 28 yeah give
me 20 push-ups rock tardes
hurry up yeah yeah dance throw
everything out of there I want to get
rid of all these bad mug Jamel all these
bad idea go go go go go run a place run
a place right a place yeah yeah yeah get
down go don't you attend
he's not ready
you're watching your mommy and daddy
tells that song we listened together
that's mine she has one of them without
this her acoustic album and like on
front and this one is the first song of
her like new it's so good Carly try to
catch that mattress we've already had a
vlog that we've done this exact so the
second mattress we've moved off of the
top of here this is or taking this
mattress over to Dan or Richards now
jump on it dude you're not what a day
Derek what did I Derek jumped off there
and landed on a mattress
we've been all day according we're
talking about bowling and I started
crying about bowling
Oh what is it bowling who cries a boy no
I'm like how is this close to a turkey
did you boy why how does why'd you cry
about bullying what's your story about
bullying
shut up be serious I'm serious you
wouldn't not I was it we talked about
people being mean to her kids and I told
everybody I'd f them up can you imagine
somebody being your kid how mad you'd be
I know I was telling him how I coach my
cheerleaders and be like you guys gonna
be nice to everyone by I said it's
different when your parents have anyone
listening on Cooper mother
dude our mom she was always like that
she don't say I'm a mama bear
that's right we're racing I was racing
my cousin at a family reunion and I beat
him and he got mad so he's slowing me
down with my shirt my mom went and
grabbed him by his shirt and was hitting
him with her purse she was so mad I said
you're probably gonna go to jail for
that punish to go to I know cut to that
now yeah my mom beating the heck out of
some kid and up with her purse I had a
guy who hit me once full-grown I got an
adult cuz I his he slapped me
he's totally he slapped me wait this way
or this way like forehand then this dude
was like a big construction worker
construction worker guy I was fourth
grade anyways he slapped me because I
wasn't helping his son his son was in a
fight and he pulled up to the bus stop
and and the guy walked up and because I
wasn't helping his son he slapped his
son he slapped the kid that was fighting
with his son and he slapped me because I
was just standing there not helping but
they were both my friends both of the
kids and he smacked me and I was like
terrified and my mom made him come over
to my house and apologize to me that guy
was in tears like my mom was like oh oh
she like later you may have been too
young to remember our neighbor we don't
really know him well now he was you as a
nice guy I think he just was angry sir
would you rather apologize to the judge
or your mom who's like tougher my mom
scares me more than any judge could ever
scare me yeah get that mattress in the
truck we're gonna take that to Danny
Richard Tsao come on Carly and brat
you're removing team team up team up
moving team moving out Brad you making
bread to all the words and you do it
stop boys maybe if you weren't the
skinny shaycarl it would hurt I thought
that what does that look some I spilled
supposed to be swabbing slips O'Shea
don't drop it on you hmm no I know I
have control of this I can vlog if I
want this is going on iphone control-c
control-v that's I told him I would give
him water
if you guys want Final Cut Pro lessons
I'll start doing it on my channel I do
and it's for like an amateur I'm not
looking special who could do like flames
to stop you want to know basics I can do
awesome so there's another Shaytards
video coming to a beautiful end awesome
push-up party and Carly Stiles and Brett
the intern moving a mattress and awesome
editing as usual oh I'm Brett by the way
Shay's currently sleeping in his bed
with his wife I assume also as she
mentioned if you are interested in
seeing Brett the internet it feel free
to check out my channel of blink as it
below and if we can hang out and do what
everyone do alright I'm gonna go to
sleep now I guess so enjoy watching this
video make sure to check out the podcast
which I just checked five minutes ago it
is at number one and that is awesome and
maybe I'll be a guest on it sometime
Shay if you're worth listening to this
video right now make me a guest and
we're gonna be awesome and I'll beatbox
for you okay bye bye
