you've got the moves and the skills
you're on a mission to kill the world
with munch on your pity I'm impression
just what is
Thank You Shane and Katie their son
jarred and princess Carter may be tardy
Rock started now like I said all right
what did you just say mom got me a
whoopee cushion a whoopee cushion no you
just blow it up and then just sit on the
chair and I'll show you how it works
okay blow what did you just say before
when you said mom got me a whoopee
cushion watch out ladies he might make
it seem like you farted you guys are
gonna get it so there's never any to
think you're the one there's the stinky
you guys just wait you're in for it for
sure
here let me help you didn't somebody
help you blow up your whoopee cushions
there you go
that's good and you can like you can get
different sounds with less air and more
air and stuff so test it out
it's a pretty cool whoopee cushion every
time it never fails let's go to the old
fart joke it's funny
by yourself giggle come on
come on say it again so I say one more
time will I hope you feel better okay
let's get you giggling okay ready here
we go here's how you do it somewhere so
that somebody doesn't realize we like
sitting there timely yeah anyways
Pittsburgh there's plenty of parts for
everybody plenty of parts to go around
does everyone wait your turn
there's no part families we had farts
for miles baby rock cards definitely hey
baby
jar yeah rock cards offended look how
offended he is he's totally offended
right so we are here at the house mommy
chart is out for a shoot we just got
home Susanoo pager that was a ranger
danger we're gonna call you Ranger gauge
or the fart machine heads let me Ranger
gauger the fart machine head that's your
new name that's what it should be locked
ARDS turn was rock guard wanna see this
don't okay stop throwing the baby on the
whoopee cushion or just tossing him up
Ali is in the process of uploading she's
that bloat in the new pod Park that's my
dream I am actually really nice but
lately I've noticed that I come off
really really mean in the long run fun
so she's uploading the third podcast
iTunes right now
it was a number eight yesterday or it is
today actually two but yesterday some
dude tweeted me he said hey congrats
your podcast is already number one on
iTunes for family and kids and family I
think it was a head of Nickelodeon and
like Disney thank you to you guys for
downloading the podcast it became number
five was the the top the highest that
got was number five on all podcasts both
video and audio on all of iTunes so
thank you guys for downloading it that's
awesome
yeah she's putting up episode 3 right
now and then four and five we're gonna
go up on Friday and they're free so if
you guys want to go download them
they're fun to actually listen to you be
the judge of that I guess go check them
out but they're fun to listen to like in
the car like just because you can just
get on your phone like here look oh yeah
let me show you where's my phone at
here's the cool thing that I'm learning
about iPhone you can get music and stuff
for free and then you can use it while
you're like working out dude I'm totally
in use this for working okay look so if
you have an iPhone or an iPad or I some
device I don't freaking know go to
iTunes and I'll probably pull up
whatever you're looking at or you know
some music so go to more there's a more
button down here in the bottom right you
can hit more and then you can click on
podcasts you find podcasts right there
then here's all the charts
so here's iTunes top ten in arts
business comedy education and down here
our freakin avatar hasn't even switched
over yet I'm so embarrassed but kids and
family we are the number one podcast and
kids and family when the kids go to
sleep and then if you go to top ten only
wait go back oh crap what about new
podcasts top ten and then you just go to
iTunes top ten on all of iTunes This
American Life which is a really good
podcast I recently downloaded it's like
really cool stories about American
history really good The Lion King is the
number two podcast on all of iTunes and
then some NPR channels and then we're at
number eight number eight right above
Freakonomics and Adam Carolla which
yesterday I was like ah that's I feel
like I thought that I don't know I
thought
we passed that in Creole because we're
just on his podcast but thank you guys
so much for the support download them
and then you can just listen into a mic
when you're on the bus or when you're
walking to work or when you're headed to
school or when you're working out or
maybe got something like you have to
clean the house and you don't want to do
it but you can just download and listen
to the podcast but you clean the house
or do whatever we have fun doing them I
really like doing the podcast me and
mommy tardy gives us a chance to just
talk and you know talk about our day and
talk about old stories it's fun so check
it out we're gonna get it formatted a
lot better so it actually is like
produced and you know we're not just
sitting there thinking like what should
we talk about next we're gonna have you
know segments and stuff speaking of the
devil my precious little honey butter
sugar cup just got home so I'm gonna go
kiss her all over I'll see you guys
later link is free you can download the
I'm to iPod for free links below check
it out by hey hey Linds coffee dude this
is Josh and gold image printing image
printing your boss gave me a good deal I
told him that what if I said your name
in the blog then what you can make a
deal so he did cold image Britney so
tell us are we accepting pictures
anymore are we done we're done right we
can't take very much good and yeah so
this is Josh everybody who's been
sending your emails for your pictures
for the calendars running oh let's give
him a little sneak peek so here are some
of you right here we're trying to
squeeze all of you in if you see your
picture you made in the calendar most
likely so as you can see it's gonna be
really hard to fit how many how many
pictures have you gotten have I gotten
in the evening yeah like how many total
I got 2903 we're not gonna be able to
use all those that were you'd be the
bearer of bad news you tell them if
their pictures in the calendar it's your
fault no gain there has been a lot of
pictures that I had to jump out because
you guys just had pictures of yourselves
and obviously we don't want that we want
pictures have something to do with
Shaytards or the family or the Mimi's
the site know that he's your pictures
that say me be me so we don't want you
we want pictures that have to do with
Shaytards then we got some great
examples
look they got beards on shirt or
intentions yeah oh the paintings Bridget
that's all tattooed no I'm quoting I
guess suppose oh I haven't seen that
yeah what is it no see because I wasn't
sure but I put that one on there this is
you got a tattoo you think is lifting
your shirt she has a tattoo of a quote
something happiness is happiness is a
choice okay we'll put your picture on
okay that's the guy who's in charge of
it yeah if she got a tattoo I guess that
should that's bright calendar where are
they let's find out a little bit more
about Josh shall we
Josh ladies ladies if you're in the
Southern California area give a much hey
it's Josh visit me yes photographer calm
okay I got a Facebook Josh Reese
photography Rose you got a website you
want to give a shout-out to shirt off
you like what's going on George is doing
a great job so we're working on the
calendar having a good time with the
boys at the gold image printing go check
them out he's hilarious
where's your freaking cup do it what do
you guys communicate when you have all
these finish okay you ready back back
you cover the back in a row so here's
another thing that we're doing that we
need let you know the entire back cover
of the calendar is gonna be how many
pictures we're trying to fit about 350
on the back almost 400 pictures on the
backs of the other things we're trying
to squeeze as many of your pictures in
there as possible make sure your
pictures are not just pictures of you
because you would not make it into the
counter all right
he's it he's a tough time editor I'm
choosing hi all right okay there's a big
moment and hold on dude wait wait
can we just cherish the moment for a
little exactly purpose this is my little
brother he's putting a hit come on
Cinderella this pair of the shaycarl
beer tarts of dreams this pair and this
pair are the only two pair in the entire
world right now and I'm taking
with me tomorrow dear honey are you okay
I know your own dude I think I might
need those like what if people want to
see them I'll be showing them off dude I
don't do the deer hunters people worship
ready put it on the first time a
shaycarl shoe has ever been worn
Casey Levere is spoiling the ball dude
you could play with those tonight I wish
I had my size these are size nines Casey
words nightmares do they fit you are
they too tight actually ordered these
this nice what did you order you ordered
a nine or nine and a half so those are
Knights yeah are they too small no
they're perfect
you sure lace them up wrong they're not
they're like unisex yeah I max I like
yeah I do too I think these look better
on paper or on the internet but I think
I like those in person better if that
helps you make your order purchase
decision easy but they're good shoes
like even if you're not a shaycarl fan
like those will protect your feet you
think you can play basketball moans yeah
if there's not a lot of brilliant shake
are ya it's just a regular shoe you know
really where you ever tell it's your
shoes yeah I mean just that little black
thing little si yeah are you really yeah
dude play some basketball for me now you
don't go let's go back I need to see you
I need to see these guys defense did get
support you have good ankle support
give me some grape vines sir here bro
yes I'll turn this side I need to see
the sides I'm just seeing that yeah oh
yeah turn around backwards
do the moonwalk towards me work it yeah
the shade called few types of bitch I
have my own freakin shoe how ridiculous
is that
so you think you'd prefer a 9 yeah so
maybe everybody out there I don't know
maybe they run a little bit big what
size of shoe are you maybe like
nine and a half these are lights
everybody do not do is any sizing from
Casey so he wears the nine and those are
nine and they fit him they do fit you
like you feel like they definitely fit
you well so get the size that you
normally wear and then they're gonna fit
you
yeah I like a man I like them yeah I
don't know if I would lace them up I
might do them like this like without
like tying it you know like the loose
lace I think that's probably I do I
think we're gonna get a different lace
color option like a gray or maybe your
red I did yeah you can have a pair
that's for your birthday and Christmas
okay
you the first pair of shake road trip
ever we're gonna go with mission we're
gonna go deep-sea fishing I promise
Casey that we'd go deep-sea fishing
first worthless so we still need to do
that or go deep-sea fishing oh look
who's here also by the way Dan and
banana
fee fie foe fan just showed up into the
wall times well as I were you really 20
hours a long time to drive are you
playing T Dean grab a tomato okay I'm
told that we have a performance going on
oh my goodness
we even have costumes we have costumes
in this performance epidemic it looks
like he's been stripped of his costume
hey he had it on first hey you are now
engaged be nice here why did you bring
me
there we go I got a great backup dancer
there he's shimmying across the stage
and I was like the boxes dance I want to
see that baby dance that's where I get
my money's worth with the baby dance
baby
all right great job now we know why
Justin Bieber has 53 million views on
that video
yes we're like I think it's like 600
million actually closer to a billion
okay it's like a half half it's like oh
it's cute but it's like obnoxious it's
not real like the part where that was
funny boy are you gonna quit there good
luck with that
oh that's embarrassing you're making so
much work for yourself right now these
things that's fun with editing bread
yeah but right now I'm editing our
voices your voices are being edited as
we edit them with our minds what if
really it's me talking myself and I was
able to edit it so it sounds like your
voice really the view that's not
happening it's redonkulous looking
malachi on the couch Malachi is out
laying on the couch right now in the
backyard it's like he's looking like and
he's like I'm the owner of all this he's
gotten to the point where he doesn't
care if he lays on the couch I don't
yell at him anymore it's like you can
have it dude yeah whatever he wants
check out the podcast I'll check that
out right now you can watch it on
YouTube and download it on iTunes
available link below go ahead and
download it for free off of iTunes
I liked your tutorial by the way how do
like I didn't actually
how to do the podcast oh yeah super easy
you do it on your phone right now check
it check it one time even if you don't
listen to it just to me favor also also
big news about the free shirt winner and
the huge announcement today over on the
iPhone Tarte Channel
we have an announcement on who won the
package and we're giving away a ton of
free stuff oh man I'm gonna go to didn't
right now
