you've got the moves and the skills
you're on a mission to kill the world
with munch on your pity I'm impression
just what is
Thank You Shane and Katie their son
jarred and Princess start and maybe
tartar rock started now like I said guys
like wrote Elliot my car I'm gonna make
a video and put me then clip it out it's
gonna be so totally radical until you
guys have to watch it okay I'm giving
the best really attractive you want to
debut when I do that I do so we're here
at maker and we're here earlier than
we've ever been hear it it's not that
early summer spoiled I have 9 o'clock
call usually at 6:30 for yeah well what
you didn't tell them is we do have kids
so we are up earlier we just are not
here earlier anyway so we're at maker
we're doing a video with Amanda what's
her channel Amanda Russell a our
workouts they are fitness she's amazing
yeah she's this thing I could throw her
like a spear she's tough she's a tough
cookie and no no cookies not talking
about cooking is so much Halloween candy
you guys I seriously did I'm not going
to exaggerate this I had like well I
have some leftover Halloween candy and
so I guess I share with you those little
fun size candy bars this year I bought a
bunch of them to give to
trick-or-treaters so I was like I'm
gonna be the cool house that has candy
bars and then I ate half my bugs
this is a matter of is that for Channel
I spent under arrest Amanda Russell
she's awesome so go check her out
we're gonna go grocery shopping and
she's gonna give me some tips on ways to
be healthy and hopefully ways that I can
like help the kids to be healthy cuz
that's the hardest thing is I love like
all those healthy foods I mean it's hard
to make stuff that my kids want to eat
too so that's the problem I have today
so let's go so we are here in Santa
Monica we're doing a fitness video with
Amanda now we just went to the grocery
store it was great fun she gave me a lot
of tips and some things that I kind of
knew already but maybe I needed to be
reminded like okay I better start being
healthy with my kids again cuz you kind
of get in spurts like especially around
Halloween I'm eating so much we're
eating out we've been busy so I was
nice to kind of get back on track like
okay I can cook healthy
if I buy healthy stuff and anyway it was
great so now we're here in Santa Monica
check out this view you guys we're in
California beautiful oh can we just like
live here live right here let's be
homeless and camp out at this Beach
forever it's so pretty
right there
well right there what do you think so
we're here we're gonna do a a fitness
video now with Amanda anyway we can
leave her link it down in the
description
her name is Amanda Russell with the
fitness vertical and maker let's go work
out are you going peepee in the potty
be careful I don't care this is
inappropriate sometimes I wish I had a
wiener a straight home straight so do
you have enough we feed from the body
let's see the clothes jail toilet good
luck love ya promise you won't leave em
right here just kidding garlic girls are
so funny why do girls need to go to the
bathroom together you guys just what we
do it's a weird thing I don't really
understand it either but it's comforting
I always wonder like when you're on a
date or with a group of people and you
want to go to the bathroom you take your
friend with you so that no one talks
about you while you're gone but I
thought it was so that you could talk
about the boy so you can talk about
people together and they won't be
talking about you that makes sense but
then you wonder like you leave the table
you're like are they automatically so
anyways girls we're so crazy how did it
go like what I'm blocking your pee
you're paying experience I just think
it's so exciting to go pee in a public
restroom I feel like jenna Marbles make
fun of us we like the white girls other
clubs like last steps here together okay
together she probably was face it jenna
Marbles will make fun of you hey on
Vaadin driving don't tell Shh so I am we
just finished the shoot with Amanda
Russell yeah I am headed to get a little
grocery shopping and before I need to go
back to get the kids from school
I don't have very much time but I'm just
in the car practice seeing my voice
scale and it's been a long time since
I've done that me my mo my me buy me my
me my me my mo me buy me buy me Mon me
my mo and I probably look really funny
to the people next to me in that little
car they are talking and looking at me
but I have to practice cuz I'm doing a
Christmas song with my sister Kelly and
it's gonna be fun but I gotta learn the
words really fast okay that's pretty
good right I got a little talking to you
guys in while I'm practicing my my my
scale it's been so long since I've done
all these things that I love to do like
I went and did this show or show I went
and do it I went and did this video with
Amanda who is like a fitness expert she
does everything fitness and that's like
what I am really into and that's what I
did but I kind of gotten out of it so I
kind of feel like how can I call myself
a fitness expert if I haven't really
taught classes for a couple years or
like been studying up and reading about
the latest things in fitness and so
sometimes I feel like I'm not qualified
to do that stuff because I it's been so
long but that's the stuff that I love to
do and singing I love singing like when
Shay first met me I was in a musical and
I loved that I loved it and I remember
you have to just like with your body you
have to exercise your voice to be good
at it and I haven't been singing lately
and we've been practicing these songs
that Callie and sent me and I'm like I
keep crack
and it just sounds awful so I'm
practicing in the car while I'm trying
to get some errands done and this is my
life it's crap it's so I should my voice
is little crap it's crazy but this is
this is fun and I'm loving being able to
get back into some things that I love
and in turn hopefully I can like teach
the kids more about you know health and
fitness like we went to a grocery store
today and she liked all the stuff that
she was telling me I already knew but it
helped to be reminded like yeah I can do
this to be healthy and feed this to my
kids and integrate healthy cereals and
mix with with the sugary cereals to get
my kids used to eating healthier cereals
and so like all these things that I've
learned oh my gosh I'm talking so calm
and all these things that I knew what
I'm starting to like remember and get
back into and feel like I love all the
stuff I'm just so happy right now you
guys I'm happy I'm happy
okay so some part of my just to the
gurus doors picked him up from karate
I'm like okay I'm gonna go grocery
shopping and to use what I learned from
a man today to buy healthy things for my
kids and I walk in and what's the first
thing I see my holiday guilty pleasure
hey I love wavelet Oreos but I'm not
gonna buy that because I will just eat
them all tonight promises right well
let's go buy some lettuce okay girl they
just picked him up from school and look
at their new handshake dirty in
it's fine Oh yours are awesome I can I
learn it I saw a scary house you did
boo-ki scary hog I know I love it Logan
we're walking hello anyway is doing this
these are the times where you need wings
okay I can't believe you do oh I feel
like I'm gonna pull down the branch got
it that's easy
oh my gosh I'm the best mom ever
it's official best of whatever you do
you guys I did it again I cooked I did
it again I actually cooked something
this is Gianna everyone many of you have
seen her in our vlogs and
YouTube once you're telling a
nine-to-five is your generators is your
channel my 9 to 5 is your Twitter and
that's your project that you were
working I think Dan is here and she
helps me cook
well but I'm turning turning it down
turning it down which I want to over
cook things I have a tendency to do that
okay I went grocery shopping I was like
okay I'm way to me about healthy things
so now what am I even doing these
healthy things I just move together a
surprise yeah by scratch and we did we
saw the white chocolate Orioles and do I
buy them you did not I didn't buy them
I'm hiding I'm hiding mommy no and then
we needed to make a stir-fry sauce so I
googled stir-fry and made the first one
that came up that is it plus I'm using
leftover spaghetti noodles from the
spaghetti we had night to use with the
stir-fry oh I'm just working this all
together I'm sorry dad this is you know
this is a moment for me
oh the girls anytime there's a female
person that comes into our house they
have to like make them their plaything
Barbies with me alien color with me oh
my gosh does that mean I need to give
them more attention because every time I
color with them it gets boring I mom
that's cool looks like someone finally
went in there to little grocery shop and
round here they're not starving to death
the last few weeks been basically living
on dust mites and fumes
I saw rock tart eating in a dead battery
it's for sustenance he was yeah he was
eating batteries now we got hummus
Thunder everybody doing a little egg to
the O to the M to the e to the work
homework yeah yeah well sons are what
choose you earned their do you like
those shoes can you believe that your
dad has a shoe is that ridiculous is
that ridiculous honey some people are
pissed they think that we're scamming
them because we're selling these these
shoes are $79 I agree is expensive like
that's an expensive shoe like well I was
looking I mean they are good quality
shoes you guys they're you know custom
their custom somebody in the comments
said you know Reebok reflexes are 90
bucks Nike Jordans are 115 to 160 bucks
you know converse def cons are 90 bucks
you know if you think 80 dollars for a
custom shoe is expensive you know it's a
custom shoe and I realize that's
expensive so it's like that's why I
almost I'm like don't buy the shoe like
don't put it on a credit card for
instance like my good buddy Dave Ramsey
that's what I loved I'm always yelling
you guys about credit cards my buddy
Dave Ramsey doesn't accept credit cards
he sells books and all this crappy stuff
all this stuff he does not accept credit
cards so like my sponsors like district
lines and Hot Topic and tweek probably
don't want me telling you that to not
buy it with a credit card but if you
don't have the money don't buy it and
that's all we preach all the time so we
have to practice what we preach so if
you if you know if you literally have
like if you want to buy the straight
Karl shoe and you're like I don't have
the money but I have a credit card it's
like this is kind of a
see but I really want this shoe don't
buy my shoes don't just buy it it's like
to help us out or be like oh I'm
Shakespeare like it buy it because it's
an issue but like that's the thing like
I don't like we're not here we don't
we're not you don't feel forced to buy
the shoe you know buy it don't buy it
but it's like only do you like it say
something I was frustrated he wants it
to be a shoe that people are gonna like
and buy so if you like it you buy it and
like wear it around but if it's just
like oh I like Shay Carl's I'm gonna buy
your shoes here's how I would like you
to buy the shoes these are the
circumstances under which I would like
you to buy a shoe if you're like hey you
know what I'm going to school or I need
a new pair of shoes I'm due for a new
pair of shoes maybe I haven't bought a
new pair of shoes in a while and I might
like a nice little you know comfortable
you know casual shoe then I want you to
buy it I don't I mean if you want to buy
it because you're a fan whatever that's
great but I feel like we made a shoe
that's cool enough that's like I like it
and I'm sorry at $79 I when they told me
I like cringed I was like that's
expensive I wish I wish it was like 30
bucks but it's just not reasonable like
for instance like I wanted to see more
canvas on the shoe like this canvas
right here I really like that canvas I
wanted to put more canvas on there but
it's more expensive this is a shaved
suede is what they call it and it's
cheaper than this canvas we put a little
bit of canvas right here oh I really
like this canvas but you know there's a
lot of different textures and you know
stitching and you know I think it's a
pretty cool shoe you know this is you
know rubber this is a big sole this will
last a long time oh I didn't show this I
wasn't gonna tell that no wait until you
order that there's a little familiar
face inside the shoe if anybody
recognizes that guy that's inside the
shoe there's some nice stitching like
you can see the stitching in the back is
really good there's padding right here
so you know it's a good quality shoe you
know you can walk around in the shoe and
you don't look like a giant Internet
nerd for having a giant Internet persons
shoe
you smell great don't buy this stupid
shoe I don't care if you don't like it
you thought it might be nice if you
don't want it don't get it okay bye and
then look we got some more vitae Coco
delivered to our house from the Vita
Coco van because you guys tweeted them
told them that we liked it so now they
bring us find a Coco and that's why I
freaking have a calendar for sale and a
shirts for sale and shoes for sales all
because of you guys and let's just have
a frank discussion shall we let's just
talk I realize it's weird it's like it's
crazy the relationship like that I say
this just this concept of if you guys
just watch us live our life basically
and hopefully you know I just hope that
we provide entertainment for you and
hope and you know motivation and
encouragement and I hope that we add
value to your lives because sometimes I
feel like I don't know I just want you
to be I just want you to realize that
we're grateful for everything that you
guys do for watching her videos what
come here and tell them thank you for
watching her videos I feel like we're
slinging too much junk here that we got
calendars and shirts and shoes and
podcasts mom's views and shaycarl videos
and Carly videos and KC videos and
Kaylee videos and it's like something
that's hard to keep up you know what
let's talk to an old soul wait okay want
to talk to us all the time now look I
don't come down here because he knows I
have the camera on soon as dad walks in
the door yeah yeah yeah yeah he said Oh
God muscles have muscles ab exercises
he's doing
let's go check out this like what is
this one boys victors and the geek tired
you literally say that again bro
I hear what you're saying all day long
but the food Malachi yes of course I
want some food they always want some
food for this like where I'm alive
because they eat it all the time with my
mouth are you George of the food we got
something like a little tree we can give
him all the comments I was reading all
the comments I've already thought
Malachi was dead Malachi has not passed
on he is still here I always say this
but he's our first kid we had him before
any of the children or we had YouTube
before we had kids before we had beards
we had Malachi nobody he's only 9 this
coming June right dude he needs a bath
800 you're the camera I'm walking away
reminds me of Skeeter like Skeeter would
be was going blind and he would come
running down the stairs
am I going into a table or run into the
wall you did a great job today look it's
a little spry up those stairs like I'm
done
you're looking pretty spry up those
stairs too
you're scaring tonight
thanks for watching the Shaytards and
i'll see you tomorrow
hi Shay I just finished editing the
video yeah that vlog that you make every
day I edited it yeah we can start over I
think you're too hard on yourself
I think everything's gonna be just
podcasts you beat Adam Carolla aren't
she like number five or four link below
go back to doing what you're doing and I
will talk to you soon oh also people can
click on the mystery video it's very
mysterious oh I don't know but you're in
it alright bye
