you will now watch mistakes on Fox sit
back relax although one longer the big
she says and the thing shape does with
this war family can just be poses kids
are peevish F&P
log of a to use excited with three we're
ready for the video so let it be with
hey he's plugging here ok so we are here
on set today we are at a shoot for
mystery guitar man that princess tarde
is in she got the part of a young lass
hey princess tarde come here I gotta be
able to see you dude hey right yeah send
out there okay wait you gotta back me up
hey listen okay what are you doing where
you going oh come here come here
get me with it hold your hands out hold
your hands out like I want to see hold
your hands out why okay put that much
room between the back of my truck and
that car back there okay okay go back
there let's go back there so you can see
they'll walk back there bind up behind
my truck go by bridge desert go back
here go behind my truck right there
right there back there good good right
there perfect okay so tell me how close
until I'm gonna hit do you see my truck
tell me how far I can go if I hit this
car it's gonna be pretty too starts fall
you going how far do I got don't let me
hit it okay if I got that much room
right there okay let's see how she did
all right that's pretty good that's good
left enough room for that car to get out
in case I needed yeah alright you ready
to go act you got your lines should I
turn it off alright let's turn it off
look at this I'm not even a say here
that says well some evil price all your
Twitter probably so this is mystery
guitar man and mystery good told fart oh
good told and now we have pretty to
start over here getting her hair dead
Joe has a basically a production studio
in his house at this point with makeup
and everything we're serious she's at
work she's at office she's
any because Eddie was really because he
freaking out but what did he see you and
start freaking out ha ha ha he has a
little dog a little wiener dog named
Betty excited you nervous huh
remember your lines no good no one by
one you'll get them it's gonna be sweet
all right she is in costume hair and
makeup ready what do you think I look
pretty
hey so this is the first shot
Trillian set up in here these homies hi
everybody run it sound and daddys crepes
are on set futures budget Baghdad your
bad bird no no it's not sponsored by dr.
pepper
I go for dr. up right here my mind is
I'll just have a water instead find it
number four if I can find it you one be
okay Marlon this is where he is at when
I asleep pants ok where do we
have do you want to have a fight so CQ
can't believe you know it's such a good
story yeah we skipped about a couple
days ago from the sea cucumber straight
to okay she stopped being a little guy
yeah I know
does one da take one little Barry stop
being a little bit yes that's good going
again hey Lenny whoop it and i duper are
you doing hey guys big day today
okay so right now I just got here to a
place that I have a meeting to go see my
shoot week Footwear I look at my shirt
you see my shirt see ya I'm all decked
out I'm even wearing the rhett and Link
tweet a shoe right now so if you guys
didn't know tweak Footwear this company
that does shoes for youtubers is doing a
shoe for me and I told them when they
were emailing me a million times to ask
me if I wanted to do a shoe I said I
don't want to do a shoe unless you're
gonna let me do it exactly how I want it
because I want it to
look good I want it to be a cool shoe
like I don't want to be cheesy and I
don't want it to have like I don't want
it to have a bunch of shaycarl branding
on it like you know with all my kids
faces painted on the side that just
seemed like it'd be obnoxious I wanted
to make a shoe that is like you know a
real shoe that's like comfortable and
you know you can wear out you know to
school and you know people are like what
choose that like it doesn't you have to
explain that it's a shaycarl sheet it's
just like it's a cool shoe is that you a
lot you as a Joey that's how you spell
shoe so we did it and on today I'm here
to meet with the guys from tweek and I
haven't seen it yet I've seen it in the
sense that I've seen it on paper but
they have the actual shoe the shoe that
you guys help me build we took a lot of
your suggestions and at the end of the
day you know it all came down to like my
final decision like I you know made the
final decisions on everything I said no
I want this you know we did take you
know there's one of you I thought we
were just talking about it there's one
of you who submitted an example that
looks pretty close to the shoe that we
ended up making so we're gonna give you
a free pair we're gonna find out who you
are that this is my first time I'm gonna
go see it so I'm super excited to
actually go see the real shoe I've seen
it on paper you know we've had you know
we went through a ton of design meetings
to like you know talk about it like how
we wanted it and stuff and they've you
know given me a bunch of pictures but I
have never actually held it like for the
first time I'm going to see the shoe and
hold it in my hands so we're going right
now to meet with them and I'm super
pumped I hope you guys like it
we did a red one and like a blue gray
one okay so for like girls can wear the
bluish one and guys can wear it's kinda
like a unisex I hope you guys liked it
the links I think it's for sale already
right now links in the past if you want
it I appreciate the support I realize
you know you don't have to buy a
shaycarl shoe but that's why I tried to
make it with limited you know shaycarl
branding so it didn't seem like you know
ridiculous like it's your girls you all
right I'm done talking I want to go see
the shoe okay here we go here we are
we're about to unveil we have all of the
constituents here here's the official
tweaked shoe box that's Kasim said no
shoes are gonna fit in there okay this
is a red one or the blue one
I feel like I'm looking for a golden
ticket
you know one Kivar you can stop in one
corner at a time Charlie let's figure
that oh wow that looks great
I like that back tab that doesn't poke
poke out too much it's tasteful it's
it's surprisingly tasteful even though
it's yours
I know Qasim expected it to be like like
bright blue and like we lights on it off
of it that is sweet what size is this
that's a nice oh he's big fat 11 you
know what they say about big feet right
okay that's sweet you guys I love it I
think it looks great that's exactly what
it looks like on the diagram
I like this back to that it's sticker
right there that's it you want to put in
a design food okay so this is the
there's it's very limited you know
branding the S this is an S if you to
notice right there is little s in the
fabric and then here is the C this is
like a backward s within it's kind of
like we wanted them to be symmetrical
you know it's kind of like a little bit
of a leap where's s C shaycarl and then
we have a little back thing there with
the SC and then a little as they call it
a bumper we got license plate this is a
license plate first thing to get worn
down on my shoes
those little license plates your face
we're gonna be hitting your heels on it
a lot exit dude that's sweet okay so
let's look at the freaking red one
that's more shaycarl right yeah oh I
like that one better actually I thought
I would like that one better but I like
this better oh yeah that looks sweet on
the back I like that red stitching oh
that's different to like the material
looks really yeah yeah yeah that's
canvas nice that is sweet what do you
think I like guys guys do a great job
for you wear it man we're at home take
off these stupid rhett and Link castle
massager you already got what size are
you castle Oh ten and a half I'm gonna
try on the girl shoot yeah put him on
all right yeah I want to see him on
bottoms look good - I like that red and
black on the bottom so this is the only
two pair in existence right right now
tweak the SC beard supreme
out there it is Touche Carl it's
hilarious I like it I like that there's
not a ton of branding on it you know
gasps what do you think not I dig it do
you think it's pretty sweet thought you
were going to make a really terrible
look yeah didn't know that's what do you
guys know they're doing they save me
thanks tweak Footwear I'm lovin your
videos by the way you've been doing a
great job I saw my box in the last one
at my little box sitting up in the
background alas go ahead we try nice
carry all right Casey you got a big one
over there we're good luck I just want a
fish alright so we're here on the pier
and Casey is no fishing with this guy's
Pole apparently we have a sand shark
here oh wow check it out it's coming up
here comes oh dude check that out
that is crazy you got one too we got sad
sharks do that they're like big sucker
fish kind of aren't they yeah that's
sweet so you could keep these or throw
about we're going back going back it's a
charm
nice job Casey Casey is talking to his
wife tell her we'll be home in a minute
we're fishing so we are just eating
dinner at the cantina
that's right down here on Washington and
we decided to walk down on the pier and
check it out and these guys are fishing
and right as we were talking to they
caught two sand sharks so we just rolled
them in nice job case for take a stand
shark yeah I didn't catch it
I just really he just feels it in it was
like your daddy let you reel it in I do
with my kids they swallow it pretty big
pretty deep
yeah gripped that one for now oh you're
coming back to oh you get a pick all
right Casey hey where's this big ready
holding ready one two walk myself and
get him back you okay so get them off
you have some pliers yeah I got here
I'll get to you
oh just got them right there it's on the
top of the head yeah well maybe that
wasn't the only one there there multiple
hooks I don't use a get you ready
Casey's actually going where are you
going fishing
Jill head oh are you gonna back in yeah
back in the water see ya back in the
water
get him case
there's Casey's picture of catching the
sand shark the night we caught the sand
shark on the pier
what Brotherly memories were going to
have forever you've got a lobster on one
did you keep it
oh yeah not I kept it and put that one
in some butter in the lemon
hi you guys want to see a shark license
okay see you yeah look we got a sand
shark you have to have a permit cool huh
sure he goes all right whoo okay here we
go
Detra Michael we just check these guys a
net and they've caught a lobster a real
roadblocks up military touch him where
is it
good it doesn't have a where's the squad
yeah where's it's quite an identity is
it been declawed no no that's a barrier
they don't have any claws uh-huh oh man
that's you me so good you suck in their
back like yeah yeah he's not let go
right girl in a lobster okay set him
down and see if he'll walk on the
boardwalk dude see it's a like just
cruise headed
oh he's like a pickle spider-man what's
your septic yeah what's it he's like
yeah and I have to measure it can you
see it why idea oh that's me certain
science and that fits the criteria oh
this has to be bigger than that more
than three and a quarter inch and you
have to have a permit that jump twice
that yeah is he what you measure is the
head from here yeah to that to that oh
so it's not the robot yeah so see so
you're still good it's inmate it Matt it
makes the yeah that's that way they're
small and can grow oh that's awesome
dude you are yeah that will make a fine
tasty buttery lemony treat for some man
somewhere is that on our diet can we
have that I'll do totally watch meat is
healthy for is it I think so yeah you
know I was like you know oh the see I've
got good news by the way what my mother
changed her order and now she's getting
together your mom is so nice no she said
she's never met the man she called me a
man I was honored
makes Mama intern in my world and my
religion after 13 years old you are a
man I am a man that's why I grow out my
beard to prove it congratulations that's
coming off and how many days seven days
uh yeah well depends when they're
watching this video they could be like
really late and it's ready gone seven
days so we could make out like a horror
video look at the beard you will die in
seven days get a calendar yesterday's
vlog get a shoe what oh and your
podcasts on iTunes right yeah you can
download it on iTunes right now go check
it out
bye it's suitable I love you bye I like
you a lot as a friend and then maybe
love right why think she's never
committed by okay fine I love you yes me
too right
