you've got the moves and
skills you're on a mission to kill the
world good sunshine your pdi-p
impression
oh and big
I just wanna
Thank You Shane and Katy their son
jarred and princess start and maybe tart
and rock-hard and Malachi who you dance
until Cali who's Cali my sister this is
my sister Kelly and she's amazing having
fun baby tard who's we just turn this on
and she is going crazy dancing it's
adorable obviously being absent nice
dancin oh snap we got a foot stopper
foot stomper what was in that it's just
on up you did on that from Jackson hair
that's about say that's where I've seen
it ready you really like a baby boy are
you eating the beats out having
leftovers because last night we had the
Trunk or Treat - we're having neck
Dover's huh
creating something very special and we
all have Sam wick is heading out
business development and then as many of
you know Corki Olaf has been working
with us for the past couple months as an
advisor and we're excited to announce
today officially that he's joining maker
as CEO oh it's all official at this
point so I just wanted to actually get
to introduce four new I want to excuse
the costumes halloweeners this all ends
got really shows I expect to reduce a
lot so you guys need a lot of cuff
that's one say it's an honor to be
joining this team I kind of feel like
I've finally come full circle dividers
in the capacity to do and work in a
company like this at this time I'm just
honored to take part
reinventing the model that is apparently
been brilliant that's been so much in my
career music I can tell you my goal is
to help us make all the right decisions
it's just an honor to be part of this
team at this time and I keep a pretty
open-door policy I want to meet with
everybody here any questions any
opportunities I can keep it short but
other questions for canning myself least
about anybody else any questions when do
we get raises that's good Annie okay
Trisha yeah I will fire you I you're Tim
Davis we punch Patricia okay she's gonna
punching I'm Afra Trisha Alessandra are
you who are you then your ally ally all
right this is our assistant i okay what
are you you're not an assist you're in
everything
thank you she changes rock cards diapers
here we are at our podcast with old good
old Tim David about to do this potty
excited yes we just found out the Kimmy
Kardashian got divorced after 72 days of
marriage look it's on our topic board to
talk about Kim Kardashian okay we're
ready to film this you guys haven't yet
subscribe ready ready ready ready ready
ready subscribe right there it's called
when the kids go to sleep and it's fun
it's me and her talking about it's us
face just chillin talk to stop me and
monitoring and anything that we don't do
we want rickets or venom we can do that
okay bye guys
right now we're Renta star song to
guarantee coupons oh she can go through
the valley parade
you know I'm gonna mirror hey hold still
oh don't mo ve that's all
alright vampire looks good don't render
her much know what good job mommy tart
just in time that was like a make up pit
stop
unless she came in i'm gonna do some
hurry to the brain they're taking a
picture oh it's a wart got a big witches
wharton you girls my such a happy
halloween is your halloween happy I'm
happy
why did I say Happy Halloween why don't
I say scary Halloween or like candy
Halloween gotta be happy hey you guys
okay so today when we were doing our
podcast somebody asked us in the Twitter
question what it was like the difference
between raising your kids in Idaho slash
la here's one in Idaho they don't allow
kids to wear their costumes to school I
used to but not anymore but here in LA
the kids who wear things like this is
Gumby I guess what are they coming oh so
we're right now at the parade isn't that
crazy you think in LA like they're doing
more PC they're like oh what about
people who don't believe in Halloween 10
about Jehovah's Witnesses who don't
believe in celebrating holidays good
about those kids they don't get to wear
costumes today because they don't
believe in celebrating quality I hear
son Todd yelling my name anyway so we're
here at the parade and it's critical
that they let them dress up so we're
watch that's watch the kids go by in the
Halloween parade excited yeah I think at
the end of the day well my point is it's
like just like what kids wear Halloween
costumes and everybody quit getting
offended so easily that we have to stop
doing things like letting kids wear
calamine costumes in school because
we're afraid that we might have been
somebody we just all have a good time
and wear some pretty pirate hats and
army clothes and put some crepe paper
and glue together and these are
imagining
and be murderous screen dude it's just a
fun little day you know you don't have
to like think too much about like what
does it mean or like some people enjoy
it
it's relax a little bit how fun you know
hey don't be so freaking mean by the
mater knowledge and just relax you'll be
better that's that's Lots title of
today's video don't people hurt
oh there's Kaylee over there Haley Haley
nice
here comes an army man job second grade
looking good thank you so cute coming up
next we have princess on and oh it's the
wick the wicked witch and vampire so
with Halloween and rock-hard figured out
really spooky yeah sure so spooky I'm
shot hold on get your trick ready in
them and show it hey rock-hard you do
figure out the light switch you're so
amazing
he's been over her for like ten minutes
playing for light switch so spooky he's
setting the mood for Halloween those
trick-or-treaters better be ready but we
got lost
hey you turn the light on for me again
oh you see something else it looks
interesting
okay ready right you gotta tell us what
you're doing I'm doing I'm cracking my
ass you're gonna crack the head you're
gonna have to get loud crackers because
I can't hear yet
good job Brett shutters attract your
head trick the classic brat clicks
laughs okay are you gonna take all that
you got sub miss mini-vince rock clip
and then you split em piece and then put
it in your mouth and then show so into I
can crack my head and find it when you
do the crack man fun idea oh he probably
what am I supposed to do with this we're
don't cut it with that knife I love you
hole that we're making spaghetti and
then we're going to go trick-or-treating
and maybe we'll get a few
trick-or-treaters here now we're not so
rocked are decided he's gonna help cook
much whoa wrong nice wrong nice you got
the wrong knife cut okay you have to
have a bread nut see how this edge has a
smooth edge don't have to don't touch it
that's the first rule of 9 but we're
gonna have to have some nice lessons
right now that's why we did no harm can
I own a helper oh oh I'm gonna eat it ha
ha ha ha Joey yay you gotta go check out
hi I'm Ron's new music video I'm in an
Rhonda's Zelda is so good this song is
amazing and and Ron did this entire song
himself a black book resurgence was a
few cars a car probably
that's a good dude and if you watch it
and you think about the production time
that it would take to put all this
together contributes all the locations
there's a deer all the locations the UM
the costume that's gorgeous painting
yeah yeah I live so now that's about
Zelda has a tree singing to go check it
out you guys look beast mode yeah check
it out I did this blog this is forever
ago when we're at this non-si camp River
this vlog where it's some Nazi camp in
the hills of Southern California and we
found this great location and we filled
this video go check it out it really is
amazing it's so cool he does a great job
on it bran is amazing wrote recorded
produce all this song himself all right
it's Halloween night Monday guys ready
to go you know if any what you do what
did you eat it all I have a feeling that
baby tart has eaten a lot of candy in
the last 24 hours
yeah how much have you eaten dude be
honest with me have you eaten a lot of
candy the last day twelve do you mean
way more than that I guarantee alright
so we're gonna go on one little last
sugar rush we're gonna go
trick-or-treating just down there
straight only a few houses Kay like ten
houses
not a lot of houses dude we went trunk
or treating already this is living your
second time how about just 12 houses oh
you just opted by to what a little
negotiator we have here all right I'll
agree to that twelve houses you guys
agree okay you how about you guys you
just go out I'll stay here and you guys
can go do as many houses as you want see
ya if anybody invites you into their
house just tell them the yes but I asked
him nicely not to hurt you happy how
they are coming vs trick-or-treaters
rocks are we have trick-or-treaters
coming can you believe it
trick-or-treaters are coming right now
auto coup are Memphis delicious
chocolate-covered joy I'm crazy
haha trigger trick well we hope you guys
have a good happy Halloween and that you
guys have a good candy well tonight I
haven't rented the kids baskets enough
yeah are they coming you guys ready that
are they the bigger load peek out the
door pecan hey babe a candy and shut up
here oh sorry
trick-or-treaters he's scared of all the
big gay man in the pink shirt scared it
was a baby crying in three seconds ready
you can already watch shush either your
art beatboxing that thou gave him every
time she loves hi Hannah you're doing
too much face i want more hi-hat where
are these trick-or-treaters Joss alright
well we're gonna try to wait for the
trick-or-treaters go see if they're out
there he's out there all right we will
trick or treat you in my fridge clothes
we're about to be on a Shaytards video
now they're not coming are they coming
all right well let's go
trick-or-treating
are you guys ready yes okay we're going
we're going to retreat here we go happy
Halloween hey what's going on welcome to
the end Slade Shea is currently busy and
I can't contact him so I am going to
call my mother and try to sell a shade
Hertz calendar wish me luck
hello hi mom how's it going
I have a question for you by the way I'm
recording you so don't say anything
incriminating I am sung Shaytards
calendars and I was wondering if I could
put you down Freddy we have something
you want me to bring to my office and
have people sign up like do you want to
sell some calendars to your coworkers it
has all the tars
it has mommy tarde and Sun tarde and
princess tarde
okay good I was gonna get it for you for
a gift so do you think she is a good
boss for me well just judging by his
beard and personality you're right about
this sweet I don't know about normal
I think that works good how are you
doing by the way just for the Internet
Wow anyways thanks for buying a calendar
mom 4995 know there are like 20 bucks
there $20 yeah we're dropping them off
at every corner we can all right I'll
talk to you later mom I'll see you on
Thanksgiving I know I'm so excited so
excited alright love you bye love you
I
my mom
