you are not watching the Shaytards fall
just sit back relax
just because it's cancer
it's official we're out of festival I
think this is officially a festival have
we officially entered a festival of
festive pbuh it's a festival of festive
ease miss deputies no she's so excited
what do I do
for so much be seen here's the kids and
what do you do this exciting
good old you oh you're such a fat baby
why did you get so fat baby toward our
on us exciting look at all these kids
and sights and sounds and things to play
with and touch and eat and bite and poke
and kick and spit on and vomit up yeah
your best friend oh oh my classmates and
Braley is a classic oh sorry okay you
guys have fun in the jumping singing
 are you Oh taking one ticket
sales up in there young fun I think he's
waiting in line for another one please
scared cage hey welcome back to
California by the way hey welcome to
California shaken not stirred sir he's
scaring me scared
I don't like math you're tough alright
we're waiting in line so we're not even
at Disneyland we have to wait one get on
this thing here hello eating again place
it's a beautiful day here in sunny
California is a beautiful 7 it's like
perfect weather right here in Venice
Beach I don't think I'll ever leave I
like it girl
nice it's like your webinar would be
like the sample put your gloves and your
hat yeah everything on for the carnival
like that breeze can go on your nice
bare legs your legs are looking nice
dude kind of like the chillness also to
the we're the carnival haha okay
princess let's see it I don't know what
you call this fire flinging Oh more
power
oh so close
did you make one end if you don't make
it you're still getting fries oh that's
awesome that's the way it should be
right so awesome you got a monkey on
your back good job
monkey that's strong monkey job yeah
like I got a monkey on my back
oh sigh I got time how's that how's
my Rodney Dangerfield
I'm scary
you're skinny or you do it hang on there
Omega anybody that's opportunity ready
to shake our dressing you a whole 50
pounds listen you guys have enough kids
that I know I say thank you enough of
each other but jungle gym games you can
do at festivals at your local elementary
school so how are you I feel like that
would be really good something else for
you too so it goes okay we're about to
enter into the spook alley are you
scared yes I got a bunch of scared
children here holding on three ready did
you go okay let's go into the haunted
hahaha where do we go now go through
here blunt I guess
Oh scary
is everybody with me all together you
guys okay these guys have never gotten
such good hugs from my children ever you
guys are holding me so tightly right now
thank you guys
we're almost done you guys well I hate
to thank you tonight we're done who is
Shayan
who is crying are you crying honestly I
don't
okay tell me what you guys thought baby
sir do you think we try dude they were
all crying there bawling are these guys
we want to go to the haunted Mary oh
sure that was fun man it was a little
scary I was pretty attached but I was
tough cause I'm an adult
everything I'm get cheered up your
friend okay I am
jaqen babies are come on see your moves
she knocks her brother off the hay-bale
circle dance dance baby dance keep on
keepin on
gotta gotta that's what I like to see a
nice dude nice rock drag you're kind of
in the way of everything good hey one
shoot where is your other shoe what is
your deal man
mr. one shoe you got some moves I never
knew about this or some fancy moves what
you got
guitars alright
you found the golden ticket the
Chocolate Factory I'm gonna buy you a
cowboy yeah it's time you like me a
couple have one time in my life I wore a
cowboy hat and she thought I was very
handsome
I found straw in my hand I don't like it
why is it sticky make it go away I guess
yeah we would've let fluffy bunny oh oh
you're so close mac and cheese with
fries hair that's me yeah oh that's you
yeah I'm like I was supposed to get I
got veggie to veggie on we we got the
same thing we didn't even know we're in
love oh let's make out I didn't get
cheese on mine I made a healthier choice
then you these losers one of the most
important parts of father-son bonding is
putting camouflage on your son's face
right tournament to a soldier is like
Graham dude I remember when me and Casey
used to go deer hunting we would just
like go crazy with reiha
camo and we were just like make our
faces look crazy we're having to where
are you gonna dress up Oh what are you
gonna go with the vampire so vampire and
her husband the werewolf Norma I'm a
surfer dude I'm a surfer bro yeah that's
why was my idea put some teeth marks on
my neck you could just have her bite you
for realsies and then right over here we
find a soft little tree finds a little
happy
I don't know maybe there's a aspirin
right here so you need a little bit of
base and then you can add the concealer
do you know who I was doing it who I was
doing there the weird guy who would
paint like cruisers yeah I'm the TV oh
that's pretty good
I asked Shay if you wanted a picture of
camouflage face paint to like go off of
to use as a guy that and he said no he's
a professional hey I have a surprise for
you said your camera has low battery get
tired unless whoever Brett's pet peeves
oh I just got my blister your dad's
going as a crybaby penguin let's see
dude you look good hello what is your
name my name is vampire charge hi
vampires heart look great oh you re then
I bet you are there will punch you in
the head vampire tarsus bring it oh
hello it's the princess sighs the
princess come baby turn come here I
gotta finish you're not done yet I got
some green to apply how did you like it
oh that's what they look like like the
soldiers I'm the time of television
programs i watch your chicks are gonna
dig this yeah nobody's gonna see you
your camel man I smile I see a plate
here look at I speak okay hey hey you
painted his teeth yeah all right hide
behind that go by the trees yet you over
there dude get in the tree all right
sneak up on me oh okay man Sammy advice
do you even see him oh he's gone are
good see let me see tit let this look
too bad nice all right I don't know if I
did that right you look good I like your
outfit you're freaky man look over your
neck don't you know we're scary where's
Rock try what's he gonna be hey you
probably won't be very happy I am a vamp
I have camouflage on my fingers that's
what I am I can't even see my fingers
don't you just cast a spell on me are
you gonna get a lot of candy tonight you
so excited to go trunk-or-treat we're
doing to your trunk or treating tonight
because it saves on time oh it's so
efficient as much candy as you'd get in
two hours we get like 20 minutes
so what is she gonna do why should we
discipline
fire oh that's much sure ferocious
somebody is not a happy dinosaur he's
not a happy dinosaur person he does not
like his outfit tomorrow he doesn't
think he's as cool no I think he's
embarrassed fire
Cooper holy cow the blue Power Ranger
talk about coolest ever
inching the bomb the mom my Brussels
Carly Stiles I'm mad that you're not
dressed up Casey what's up Batman
you look great Rock guard gonna be in a
better mood no you don't want to hear I
went a security I'm running scared
around here
my holster near my boots I do write a
proper ankle support guess I have to
want a foot for shoot nobody has an
alibi on life things are holster what is
this maybe why are you keeping go can I
have a straw got a whole Trek episode of
everything baby does anything that I'm
supposed to I'll get footage of them
I'll be able upload Internet and then
we'll be able to apprehend the suspect
so I need that looking back put in my
office please
alright thank you
it's a spider it's a spooky spooky
spider there hadn't been vegetables we
are here at the place where we're
getting cookies that look like this
cupcakes that look like this
bye yummy monix are very rock guards
just holding onto this candy for dear
life you've got letting go of it you
guys got to see Casey's costume he just
fell home to get it on he's gonna come
back you got to check out him engage
it's pretty cute hilarious it's the
dynamic duo Batman and Robin off to save
the day Kapow blam her plow Casey your
hair as government never looks nicer
where's your mask it's way too tight
your six-packs looking great you know
it's like my six-pack really time you
got you get a full pose down bro
you got a full pose down in you oh yeah
give it to me what are you out on the
back delts area yeah I wonder what you
got there here not zipped up bro dude
come this way I think this is the way
come check it out they're dinosaur baby
oh he does it like well the
trunk-or-treat is over we just gave out
all our candy we got a truck full of
Nino's and an empty oh we got a few more
pieces candy left I fill a dinosaur guys
have fun oh yeah Carly you're tweeting
texting or your treat all right let's
drive home you guys all set the back of
my truck we're gonna drive home okay
hey there know who ah hello is Britney
there a Clive ready how are you doing
well I just like it you answered within
the first ring yeah we expecting us to
call you nice well thank you I just
wanted to call you and personally say
thanks for your order Britney you're the
best okay cause right now it
sent to my house I said my orders green
I paid for you
that's a good question we'll have to go
to billing for Donna are you process or
pending it says you're pending here so I
don't think it's processed through yet
when what caused you go to we could just
drop it off we just go just bring it to
your college what college Washington
what school do you go to yeah we'll come
visit you so I'll I'll tell the people
in charge of shipping which is me and
Brett that will send it to your billing
address oh that's right yeah we're are
we shipping it out personally
ah yeah well maybe we will but all these
or I definitely will send it to a
different address sign it pretty soon
you want me to like spray cologne on it
or something well thanks for the order
all right we'll get it figured out Thank
You Brittany I have a good day vibrated
what a nice young lady order and a
calendar she's gonna have that at
college think about all the next year
she doesn't have all that educator
Washington's and I'm getting be getting
all that education and she's an everyday
she's like oh crap I have a midterm exam
on Monday oh but there's a cute picture
of baby thar all right check out the
videos go check out yesterday's vlog the
podcasts and everything under the sky be
sure to check all of it out with your
eyeballs sparked Edel see you later okay
happy Halloween
ah and creepy
