it is the one instead of the text of the
Sundance when the rock Todd is being
abusive thank you for helping that was
very nice of you yeah you tell them do I
don't I don't guide totally agree higher
taxes is not called for and hugs from
your sister are annoying sometimes yeah
when I just talk on smethers toaster
bottle and what else did she say well
babytard can you not decapitate him just
just for once hahaha she has simple
demands she just wants to kiss me okay
Hey Shaytards we are here at one take
sunday co with the p tarde we left son
tarda home with Casey Casey is watching
the foosball is watching the eagles vs
the Cowboys good game huh a little
sunday night football I have stuffed up
I haven't stuffed up
anyways oh Sh I get some of this hey
guys we be honest for a second I have
stretch marks I've lost 80 pounds
bio-oil bought what isn't bio-oil chew
your freaking grill dizzle all right
thank you very much sometimes having
kids it's just so no yeah you know
because i lost all this way i have some
stretch marks scars out here scars focus
iphone do your job scars stretch marks
uneven skin tone I have stretch marks
kind of scars I guess what unfocus
iphone thank you so I'm getting some my
oil will you rub me down without every
day will you please it's just it's it's
nothing weird or anything it's just all
medical yeah is it you you get rid of
some us some yeah I have them I've had
four kids so I got really bad for
Lawrence right here in the front you
guys i want to show you i'm not going to
show you guys embarrassed it is it's for
kids i finally we're done having poor
kids so now i've been running losing all
my baby weight and i'm going to get down
to 180 i'll get back down on my boxee
way
come suck us oh yeah it kind of sucks I
admit I do have some stretch marks right
here on my belly so I've been trying to
like run on the beach a lot to get 10
because I heard Sun and it helps and
also rubbing some bio oil on him I guess
and hopefully it will do good all right
okay I'm gonna go and beat these
children this is one take Sunday this is
what we're going right now we are
shopping on Sunday did you hear the
noise that comes out of his mouth when
you squeeze his head he doesn't it means
he doesn't like it it's kind of having
an attitude issue tell an attitude issue
isn't it dude what's with the attitude
if we let him out of there he'll be
happy he just wants to get out he's
really been cramped by this is annoying
goodbye guys 1x
