you've got the moves and
skills you're on a mission to kill the
world good sunshine your pdi-p
impression
oh and big
I just wanna
Thank You Shane and Katie their son
jarred and princess started maybe
talking rock hard and now like I said
it's a Friday night and the mood is
right what are we doing out tight Who am
I I am the father of the year
I am the best father they ever had you
know me you know me either
it's like kids from use the flight of
the navigator when you went back in time
and the parents said no in love it's
perfect I trying to be funny but now I
know I might like that though I like
this loved one if you have Mexican food
and like you squeezed lines on your food
then your fingers smell like lamb that's
one of my favorite smells actually lion
tennis balls and rubber to me feel like
I made you a lime water kill they gave
the alive chip did you eat it someone's
knocking hey I like your haircut dude
son total that's great - you got go
nerve Sixto totally radical trying to
get all the hot babes you sure are he
looked at me like mom mom always being
that way right before and after this guy
handsome devil me at school that looks
so good nicely shaped head there
bro-heem I make up you made that baby
United I help mostly he's probably 70%
me know what okay fine problem handsome
dude be like it you can't see us so you
wouldn't know that's perfect that's me
perfect second grade picture remember
when she was in second grade it is such
a huge duty cause like I don't give a
crap I'm gonna erase everything on this
floor
whether it's dry eraser bless me sister
what are you doing
oh sorry pucker up dude okay seriously
seriously seriously though seriously
Dawg I need to be serious
seriously good we're in Los Angeles
California Los Angeles California Los
Angeles California there are many
costume places to go buy costumes for
Halloween and we are trying to find one
that's not too expensive to get this
they are expensive the cost like 50 60
bucks crazy just so you can look like
something you're not why don't you just
be yourself
cuz be yourself be happy with who you
are if not how are we okay I got my
costume mind you for 50% off it was $20
I got it for 10 I got a bargain a girl
Hey okay they're walking forbidden do I
go laughter Joe left and I think you
already passed this you need to flip it
you know I look I didn't see it you did
it yeah Halloween story yeah I know
you're talking about where you're
thinking it yeah there I said hi okay
guys I gotta go
GTS cause trying to find a costume 140
what does it do up she pushed it
oh great
oh wait a minute there's something going
on over here
he's getting scared it definitely does
ezel bun to me so tight
no worries this is so gross
baby watch out behind you it's hard oh
I've seen these before
let's see that one oh is it crazy it's
hurtful
I could fill Rock her like shaking on my
shoulders she looks scary look at right
behind over there look see where the
chords go over there
maybe scare somebody you see it yeah
alright you guys I found my very
favorite one yet why is he moaning
because apparently there's a giant rat
eating the inside oh he's hungry that's
a hungry rat I was walking to stick or
rock tart is gonna have nightmares
tonight
you just fill him up there he's like
shaking as he looks scared yeah he looks
like so concerned what are we doing in
this awful place your life will see
touch it we're scared I know you guys
are doing pretty good I think look at
the nasty eye on it says step there
get it get it give him a hug
he went to hug see ya he wants a hug you
get with a baby hard hey Proctor I'll
take you that baby a hugs give hugs
that is very down if you don't want to
do it you do princess are you - your
secret right here she's holding she came
over here and she told I think this is
Jason right and Frankenstein you don't
scare me I can't have a secret night
good job on comfort conquering your
peers not stripping with that's pretty
but we already bought you a block one to
go with your vampire outfit I'm not
going to go through vampire
it's your bearded guys it's your bearded
yeah drop it like it's hot that's scary
when he goes away just push around just
kick her there just punch right in the
face
sorry rose red star let me see then see
that is freaky do I freaked you out
let's see a slow-mo replay Brett
well for my colleague llaman iottery boy
all right it's 10:05 at night and what
are we doing telogen here with two of my
best friends we decided it's Friday
night we don't got school in the morning
and the awesome girl princess card we're
gonna go see a real steel with Hugh
Jackman let's turn the lights off so we
wanted to stay out a little bit longer
mommy tarda baby tarted rocked hard more
sleepy so we decided that we three the
crazy night owls would come here and go
to the movie when you go to the movie
yeah let's go ahead two thumbs up good
evening everybody so baby turn hey baby
card hi hi and rock to rock hard what
are you doing are you uploading a video
yeah are you filming oh good good we
needed more footage for the day did you
get some good stuff yeah
thanks dude let's see it oh you're
filming me hi hey welcome to the
Shaytards good vlogging style dude good
job he's starting to get his own little
language where he just has a nap just
little baby gibberish ever oh it's my
favorite so adorable I love it hey hey
rocky dudu we're training you early like
mama ready yet yeah you'd fold it hold
it out like that great work great work
rock dark you're a natural
I think you just you just came out that
way vlogging since that's the only thing
I know mole J son tard and princes
charred all went to the movie tonight
they went to see real still I hope it's
not too scary for little ones but I
heard it was really good so hopefully
they like it yeah keep flogging you're
doing a great job she turned it on she
turn it on here
push the button push the button oh
there's no batteries in it it's dead you
gonna say that she was so excited
no like I know it's broken
yeah it's rubbish mom rubbish so I still
have my weird makeup on I don't know if
you can see it one's a different colour
than the other so I just got done
filming with Kylie Stiles if you can't
tell she did one makeup look here and
one makeup look here so I look a little
crazy but that's ok because it's close
to Halloween and so I can look a little
crazy right now right anyways it was
great fun we went to the Halloween store
got some Halloween Halloween Halloween
presents I my brain is seriously gone
I'm like what did we get something that
has to do with how we like things you
wear old costumes that the Halloween
costume alright so one thing that I've
noticed it is different about Halloween
this year than it was when I was a kid
last year they didn't even get to have a
Halloween parade at their school this
year they get to have a Halloween parade
however they can't wear masks and they
can't wear anything that has to do with
weapons in fact the school sent like a
letter Holmes talking about like the
school parade like the Halloween parade
that they will do but they said please
no masks no weapons nothing that has
anything to do with any of that and
please encourage your kids to dress up
as my public Heroes like a firefighter a
doctor you know like it was pretty much
like okay so just tell us exactly what
you want them to be and we will just
dress them up that way and send them to
school it kind of makes it loses some of
the kids creativity a little bit anyway
centaur was really bummed because all I
wanted to do was have this big scary
mask and so he can't wear it to school
also we're doing a trunk-or-treat at our
church and they can't wear masks there
either so he was really bummed about not
being able to wear his mask he went and
he picked on a different costume which
he's going to be we're gonna leave it up
to a surprise you guys will have to wait
I'm so tongue-tied tonight
are those speaking exercises as I was
saying Halloween is going to be
exceptionally wonderful this year okay
so no masks no weapon costumes you're
just gonna have to figure out what to
wear besides anything scary or anything
that has a weapon pretty much so just
all hearts and flowers and sunshine on
Halloween this you prefer so my figure
we're just gonna have to have our own
little Halloween wear Center can wear
his spooky mask at our house what do you
think rock card huh
what do you think you want to wear those
Harry Potter baby Harry Potter baby baby
I love you dude and I love you guys I
love you too rock and roll
where's the rock and Roli all going ah
we came home I thought he was gonna be
way ready to go to bed it's like 10:20
right now he's wide awake and rock and
rollin where are you going nan go
night-night drunk or night-night do it
oh I think give me kisses
don't go night-night what earlier he
told me no I guess he's not gonna tell
me no sir well we were gonna have a good
time and watch a little movie by
ourselves but I think somebody's already
almost out night to everyone nein nein
nein nein nein nein night ten nine eight
enjoy this for life and my backyard
while your party is green Bruno Mars
drinking right now we're calling Ashley
she just purchased a calendar four
minutes ago hi Ashley
I bet you wish you would answer your
phone this is shaycarl calling you know
you're not the real shaycarl
we gotta go call other people Ashley
Ashley thanks for buying a calendar we
just saw your order and we're calling
people to say thank you personally
okay we're calling Stacey she's in
Canada it's ringing all right what's her
name is Stacey Stacey help chant
sounds like a Canadian I think it is yes
Stacey is a Canadian well it says Canada
under shipping address maybe what we'll
do is like we'll just leave a bunch of
voicemails on everybody's phone message
maybe this is her mom hi this message is
for whoever ordered a shaped arts
calendar you silly McGillicuddy C or Jen
or what are you Canadians Stacey er Jen
we're just calling you this is Shane
Bret the intern and we just want to say
thank you I'm gracias muy mucho
providing calendar thank you in Spanish
thanks have a happy Halloween and don't
dress inappropriately by number your
body okay Baba can we get mine all right
this is Andy he's from Canada this is
Andy yeah my name is Andy I live in
cuckoo Canada
it isn't in Ontario Canada should we
give out his address no how would its
phone number
no his parents maiden name yes it's
Jones no it's a girl hi Andy hello this
is Shay and Brad calling from a blocked
number that's why you didn't answer I
bet you at 100 million dollars smart
don't talk to strangers or pick up block
numbers we could be murderess well only
one of us thank you we're just calling
to thank everybody who bought a calendar
not everybody but just you specifically
because you're just so great I'm going
to lick your calendar personal what
hello Andy this is Shay Carl speaking
yeah man we just called to say thank you
for your calendar purchase
no from Oprah Andy tell me the truth did
you pick up the phone because I said I'd
look your calendar yeah we just we're
just right here and we're doing an end
slate you're gonna be in today's end
slate for the vlog we're just calling
people telling them thanks for their
support and forgetting a calendar we're
going to ship it out to a December first
ASAP thank you tell us what your what's
your channel name
Boogedy Casa all right you just got a
little shout out in the Shaytards thanks
man oh sure yeah no problem she's gonna
cause some extra we're gonna rip out
February out of their calendar hi this
is Shea Colleen iron we're just calling
to say thanks for your purchase of the
calendar and we're gonna try to get
every month in there okay all 12 of them
thank you we appreciate it have a happy
Halloween and a good weekend
okay okay see if I love you guys thanks
for watching bye what nice people they
were oh they're still talking all right
so get a calendar we might be calling
you next wait do they have Halloween in
Canada I don't know of course everybody
can eat candy also check out Caroline's
pumpkin carving vlog don't watch her
crappy videos watch my video oh there
she is gotta go fight
