you've got the moves and the skills
you're on a mission to kill the world
with munch on your pity I'm impression
just what is
Thank You Shan and Katie the Sun guard
and Princess garden may be tardy
hello everybody how's it going how's
your morning - great - grand I just took
the kids in the van to the school the
air to the school welcome to the school
to get knowledge yeah yeah yeah what's
knowledge in your brain it's the power
to obtain the skills you need in life to
get by yeah yeah hi
oh that Sun feels fantastic what a
beautiful morning
Oh beautiful everything's going all
right what are we doing here hi hello
shake oh hey I just took the kids to
school and now I am oh wait you know I'm
just gonna like a rising you know how
some people like have a coffee they wake
up in the morning I have a juice or a
coconut water Oh ice cold listen people
you know I've been talking about coconut
water if you if you drink if you drink
coconut others there be there's a bee
there's a bee bumblebee I'll get you a
beat you suck if there's if you have
coconut water make sure it's cold has to
be like the colder you have it the
better it is that's like my coffee in
the morning that gets me stimulated and
woken up alright so I was just thinking
on my little Drive what I just kind of
text from my buddy that they're having
another baby
no way that's crazy that's - today I've
gotten two texts from two of my friends
but they're having another baby
he's crazy people having babies what
idiots right who wants to have a baby
that's seriously I would not recommend
having a baby I want to be done mommy
tired wants to have another one I think
I feel like what will happen is we won't
have any for a long time and then
probably like in five years from now
we'll probably have two more like
back-to-back so I'll probably end up
having six but then we'll have one in
like five years from now and then we'll
feel bad because it doesn't have anybody
to play with so I'll have another one so
off to more they'll have six
total tard that's the plan I don't know
who knows what the plan is let's just
have forum you've done K mommy tired if
you're watching this later on your
MacBook Air cuz I know that's what you
usually do you're in your room or
somewhere in the house right now and
you're watching this and you're gonna
yell at me and you'd be like honey I
love you and I'll be somewhere else in
the house right now and I'll remember
saying this in the backyard at this time
and I'm like oh that's she's watching it
somewhere in the house that's kind of
how it usually works hi honey I love you
you look beautiful today by the way
anyway so I hope you guys have a great
fun wonderful day I was just thinking
we're coming up on the thousand videos a
thousand Shaytards ideo that is insane
to think of like all the moments that
have happened in this three years that
we've been together and it's it's like
we've had a lot of these moments already
you know like when we hit the one year
when we hit the two year and now we're
about to hit the three-year mark like
hit a thousand videos and this is beer
tarts coming off in 14 days or whatever
like I'm a nostalgic kind of guy you
know I like to think about the memories
and like you know do all that kind of
stuff I like to celebrate the small
things because that's what you got to do
right in life you got to celebrate those
times because what else what else you
live in for man you got to have you know
you've got to have something to look
forward to and be excited about so
anyway as thousand videos coming up
pretty cool thank you guys so much for
you know all that you guys do by
watching us and supporting us listen I
realize what this is you were I mean I
was thinking yesterday I was like um cuz
someone's like why don't you sell the
calendars and stores I'm like well
nobody's gonna go to a store and be like
oh there's a great calendar of
somebody's family like why would I want
a calendar of your family I'm like I cuz
we're cute I realized this is like what
we do is a really weird thing like this
is our job and this is like our career
and this is also like our calling like
we get paid to do this but it's
something that we love to do because we
feel like we can change so many people's
lives and we we hear your comments and
we get your emails and we see your video
responses and we meet you guys at these
gatherings or on the streets I was I was
running yesterday or I was I was at this
park and I was doing this like exercises
and this girl came running over saying
she
find she got a picture with me and I was
like sweaty and like half naked like oh
hey thanks for watching our video so we
just appreciate it this whole crazy
adventure that this whole YouTube
experience and journey has been like we
appreciate every step of everything
that's happened to us because of you
guys and now I'm just blabbering with
the birds chirpin and the sun shining
through the beautiful blossoming trees
it's just so emotional
okay I hope you have a great day see you
bye what'd we get in the mail that's
from my mom I can just tell by her
handwriting okay you know I know my
mom's handwriting because like well just
specially like that was your mom yeah
well that's right yep that's the reason
I know open it everybody got a package
but me thanks mom everybody got a
package but me thanks grandma turn
everyone open would you get sunburned oh
it's a Halloween package full of spooky
eyeballs and godly Google easy spiders
and what is that a notepad oh that's
nice groundwater what is this a
draw
like you know those are the word things
in my life thanks grandma
we're gonna be hearing that for the next
three days nobody use your straws though
I'll give you break them in the right
knee on three their glow and should say
say if you open to the earth baby card
you got a whole Halloween package there
for candy and toys oh nice I heard they
fell out I kind of like it without the
eyeballs
I have only one eye all that candy all
my flashlights and how nice is that of
Grandma it's hard to send that to you
all the way from Idaho
oh I'm reveling in the gloriousness of
the package bro why are these these are
cool man come on bro
all right they make you look cool only
the coolest kids are the cool kids wear
these glasses ball did you forget to get
drop all before you guys out thanks so
much fun oh these are pretty fun I like
toys and candy already in the candy
dandy I do it is silliness upon
silliness all right happy Halloween
hurry and kill me you have a message for
Valmont are you wanna give to have a
message for you through the best grandma
I love you so much thank you for these
whenever I
so much thank you grandma I love you so
much
she's head all right so I go on a
special mission all right you're on a
mission is all right I have something an
activity for you to do you need to go
find rock hard and then teach him how to
beatbox you know be boxing as I tell you
Doxey know with your mouth the beatbox
like though remember here here take the
camera cuz you've been getting pretty
good at beatboxing - so I can't see use
my glasses off let's test them out
come here rock hard he's dancing that's
just happy dance
all right by you can you beatbox yeah
you can I've heard you do it mm-hmm
there you go that's for the whisper
beatbox them that's right that's the
giggle beatbox so what were you thinking
about your candy I guess what what
sister Kelly you like this kind of candy
that is her daddy
oh she's coming to visit one day how he
gonna be here in no we mad dude one week
yeah she's gonna come visit and it's
gonna be so awesome
yeah I'm class Cali it's my sister Cali
Cali Cali more music in YouTube music
I'm shuddering help me anyway she just
put up her new song electric stars and
satellites it's a new song for October
it's so good and inspiring so go watch
it link is in the description and you
come over on stage okay oh she will love
that okay
get a sucker I'm sorry gonna see the
real behind-the-scenes hey captain where
are we at where we going okay we just
fired miss LAN f13 and it looks like
we're about four nights from processing
okay we're gonna have to add thumbnail
we're gonna fly it where are we with the
iPhones our baby's heart how we doing
say loss we got it we're boring what's
that alright so boring we're doing long
podcast got podcast yeah it was super
good boring hey some tart how are we
doing with that days of long yeah good
comments how's the like to dislike ratio
it's good good good good good so good
great awesome and pouring all right
we'll work on show-offs
from now we were here to see this
the operating for I hope you enjoy us up
on the stage we hope not to annoy you
too much sir that's a nice beard it
feared - my name is Shane I enjoy people
on YouTube
and one day we found each other and we
made a music video together and now you
can see it playing all over the place
xxx Costco that the local bus sir rights
do you have it on all LA Transit buses
across Los Angeles and they know that
those people's ride are gonna be just
that much better and we're actually
started up with this song that debuted
you offend this is it yeah my family
wasn't there this is my wife right here
in the middle she's wearing this really
nice
do put your hands together for my buddy
my friend Jackson Harris
Oh
hey need to get permission from the
artist we use this music you can use my
music as much as you want lose copyright
free I'm sure my management doesn't like
that but I don't care so what was
happening is that rock card was doing
the words I'm tired I was showing him
how to do the worm Hey so sundar
teaching and quit Jackson's song long
we're jamming out to watch the World
Series
Rangers might end it the end or right
now don't you think hey I thought we
were dancing over here what you guys
stare at the computer sometimes with
babies just like you had to have been
there to believed it you know he had
just seen it to believe it you know I do
the worm then you have to get it on
camera so we will eventually I mean he
just didn't do it that night video or
didn't happen it's got a look at me
dancing on the thingy
dance dance dance dance dance and dance
dance how did you put that other footage
in there no you didn't from the after
the haircut anything no because then
they'd get mad to be like this isn't
from guys you missed out on 49 seconds
of good footage because I know you'd
complain this isn't from today things we
think about because we know you're gonna
comment about see you could have gotten
more footage if you want the 49 second
thing I'll never see you may see you
tomorrow but it won't be from that day
we should give away night no you have to
give them that 49 seconds
you know you wish I would never even
brought this up now five
