hey everybody what's going on we're at
the lake house for my grandma's 80th
birthday party Trent still nothing
nothing huh maybe you should switch
spots huh another one won't get any
water - look at that fish Avia get it
grab it
surprise you have a big family that
loves you dancing show them the
cubbyhole can you show them the
crawl-through cubbyhole follow Brock
have you seen this I'm nervous
aha happy birthday grandma
all right I have two spider-men yeah you
are sick okay I'm watching that's pretty
cool
whoa this is a cool spiderweb hey now
you're a monkey fighter good job dude
hey that takes a lot of strength to be
able to do that good job high fives
this is the big smile and since I'm big
so I get this one
that's the little spider-man that's oh I
didn't see there were two are you a baby
spider
no and by me oh you're both spider-man
whoops I should never call you a baby
anymore you are not a baby I'm done
hold on to you okay cuz spider-man needs
his mom to hold on to him still right
yeah you're so cool yeah um you know
we're always trying to figure out ways
or time to work out as you get older and
you're an adult it's like oh I just
don't have time but if you did
everything your kids it on the
playground if you just follow them
around and did everything they did
guarantee you'd get a good workout I
don't want to it's easier to just sit
here and watch right you guys are just
too active all right guys we have to do
it pull-ups ready okay ready I cheated
okay let's see it
oh good
Oh careful careful oh good keep going
keep going on stop you can get it all
the way that is really good Brock that's
really good I definitely couldn't have
done it when I was your age good job you
got it you got to move your hand you got
to move your hand good job dude try it
again try it in don't say you can't say
I can do it
and try it again to kick it yes you can
try it again guys good job look you got
to get up there with Brock I'll help you
come on oh you giving up fine okay are
you ready to see a cold trick hey
everybody what's going on worth the lake
house for my grandma's 80th birthday
party dude 1c trick on my try right now
I'm gonna run mom
Shea can't just do something yes have
everyone watching while he doesn't my
mom was wrong to watch my trick okay
ready
watch my trick huh grandma this is for
your 80th birthday I'm gonna do a trick
grandmas is for you haha happy birthday
grandma
yeah come on that's your present that's
all I got you I hope that was good good
TV that's pretty good too TV we're like
a sweet run and jump onto a surfboard
what else get out here
anyways let's go talk to my grandma
let's see what she's learned living on
this earth for the last 80 years if I
really want to make it funny I'd fall in
right now buddy
we'll do that tomorrow all right whose
birthday is your birthday not your
birthday right not today you've had lots
of birthday say hey there's the birthday
girl 80 years old happy birthday what's
going on over here hey cussing cousins
nephews nieces mices nieces in
you're on the youtubes suck it in your
name - hmm case what what do you want -
sure grandma happy birthday give her a
big hug have you give your grandma a big
hug say happy birthday grandma
Avia pull it in pull it in pull it in
good job got a catfish Oh double catfish
catches what a lucky evening Trent you
got one you loser where's your fish the
girls can catch a fish you loser
you should feel like a big ol loser push
him in the water
wait okay yeah you guys caught fish over
here oh cool
let me see congratulations that's cool
summer has begun I guess maybe a you
have to eat that I better get in here
and help out here good wait hold on I
need a break
like you are you gonna get rid of them
okay you're gonna die right your likes
me well thank you three okay put them in
the shays awesome fish school boat with
me just gotta watch out buddy fun okay
get it in Jake it's a guy at me hit me
get back in the water
dare you hit me he doesn't over the lake
emotionally micromanaging my fishy did
it I have four chicks yelling at me how
to get a fish guy I'm a Boy Scout I can
do it
good job avian I was good hey I'm proud
of you you wonder it again next time you
have to get your fish off yourself okay
she's in baton it by yourself
she's like a rock star yeah baby I think
I think Trent wants to switch a spots
and you switch me falls maybe the
princess pole is the key Barbie Pole and
saw morphic has it did any other what we
have three lucky pole AV you got the hot
pole it's fish food
Trent still nothing nothing huh action
over there maybe you should switch spots
huh Gavin Gavin's been swimming the
whole time another one to look at that
fish avi get it grab it get it yeah
don't let the hook stick you Oh
grabbing put your hand in its gills see
hit skills like that stick your fingers
in there
oh look at that yeah kiss it kiss it
dawn
good job killing it out here I didn't
get it off so crappy tasty crisp it's in
there for 10 minutes and you walk up and
just catch one
it's the hush life it's the hush life
hey you should be here when I was this
amer bright classical fisherman story
trend it was this big suretrend you'll
get one alright you guys so we're at
this lake house out here it's pretty
amazing
there's fish what oh there's a fish
right there
what's going on little fishy avi catch
this one there's a big mouth bass oh
another fish we're killing it over here
oh that's good catching there's dad
getting it off the hook so how long you
been fishing out here Oh twenty thirty
minutes twenty thirty minutes
that's patience wait wait yeah he Rabia
know you have to get it this is the full
fishermen duty can you get it off grab
where the hook is see where the hook is
in its mouth grab records right where
that hook is oh my god
well that hook out nice job maybe a good
job wow it has a waterfall
I like waterfalls yes we're here at this
cabin it's like a lake house slash cabin
all of my mom's side of the family my
mom's mom my grandma
Lynnette it's radius birthday so we're
all hanging out here for the weekend all
right here we are
are you having fun that's a lot of fun
yeah should I show my room yeah boom
here we are Brock give him the Grand
Tour yeah we're gonna bag a candy see
what is that that Emmys sugar-free
that's pretty impressive all right check
out this room all the families staying
in here bunk beds mom and dad's bed a
loft dachshund show him the cubby hole
he's shown the crawl through cubby hole
follow Brock have you seen this I'm
nervous
come on can we go through there okay I'm
ready here we go what's in here come
over here
Wow whoa cool wow it's like a whole
hidden room that you can also go through
let's try it
I'll call you where does it go it's like
a whole tubby cubby
what is it Tunnel cave oh there she is
grab the cam no it's like vows having a
baby it's a baby boy
this is awesome we're having a blast
whoa look at that kitchen look at that
living it's so huge there's couches to
jump on look at this kitchen babe do you
approve do you like the lake out there
Brooke we're gonna go ride those boats
tomorrow okay but first we have a lot of
food to eat hey so if your mom lives to
be 80 years old does that mean you're
gonna live to be 80 years old no dad you
bet on the Sun yeah ha ha ha ha
that's a net fishing with Casey well on
the South when you go out with Casey you
go out for a while right no show us this
house okay let's go see it hey Brooke
who's that uh that was me there's
grandma on a horse there's grandma we
got a we got a thing we got a thing when
we get a thing that slide show in the
Tiki theater room brought that to me and
that looks just like you
wait what tell me more about my cuteness
oh good you're lucky ok check this thing
out there's a tiki theater room Brock
how cool is this
there's surfboards on the walls really
decks exactly all right let's go see the
rest of it oh is that the balcony where
you say Romeo Romeo wherefore art thou
Romeo
this is it okay cool I see whoo have you
will do you know I'm saying doll that
view will do yo we're gonna be
waterskiing on that Lake tomorrow the
goal is to get grandma we get the 80
year old grandma up on the water ski
tomorrow think mom we should try to pull
her behind the boat give her an
exhilaration she'll never forget
sure love she could handle it she's
tough these are the moments I tell you
what family family family it's the most
important thing it is we're all from
family and why is it the most important
thing because it brings joy it brings
happiness I know it's hard I know you
get in fights with your family but you
got to work through them you got to say
to yourself it's gonna be okay at the
end of the day I have all stuffed up
because we did go waterskiing and for
some reason every time I go waterskiing
I get so stuffed up the next day I can't
breathe at all I think it's because like
the water gets about mucus membranes and
it causes all this well you can imagine
the disgusting factor all right guys
summer has begun I believe it has okay
thanks for watching the Shaytards vlogs
please click on those boxes on the
insulate right there their annotations
take you to a different video you can
watch more videos because there's lots
of them we're getting close to 3,000
videos how crazy is that
okay thumbs up thanks guys we'll see you
tomorrow and you'll see some cool water
ski footage I did a doc start if you
follow me on Instagram
I did my very first wakeboard Doc start
got some good footage of that to wear
okay so tune in see bye
