you are not watching the Shaytards blog
just sit back relax follow along
J says
because
 material
and you're singing the song you can you
singing the song unless you're singing
the song the thing is I said you can't
say anything unless you're singing the
song for instance if I wanted to talk
about this dude both sides have to put
it in a song you know what I'm say so
they're going to Cosco alley you're
going to Castle shake I'm pulling my
beard today hey wait don't go don't
forget my list cuz we really need the
paper
don't wake up the baby
so I got the baby don't wake up the baby
bangs out the TV or everybody of the
CounterSpy got a Cosmo okay where are we
yeah old image Fred you've been watching
these videos no you haven't
yeah videos yeah all right so we are
here at the calendar place check it out
we have a little sample - lookie-lookie
see all right so check it out here it is
January 2012 the world does not end it
right I mean that's well here's here's
hoping anyways uh so here's the calendar
and we have like a little youtube look
like our YouTube channels like a YouTube
player isn't that cute it's like YouTube
you're watching the YouTube on the
calendar but it's not on you anyways and
then the picture collage like oh we
haven't put these in yet but all your
guys's little pictures are gonna all
fill in right around here like a border
all around this cool so that make sense
so I love this dude it looks great I
didn't think this is exactly what I like
pictured so here's the date slip here
says MLK Day Martin Luther King Day
bless his heart AIDS you know I don't
know they're like a prayer or something
and then the day it's everything okay oh
then the pictures will go up here and
we're gonna you know figure out I Beach
like me and mommy turn and then rocked
are then Malachi and then we'll like on
the day of the birth of the month it'll
be that person and that's it basically
and it's gonna be 12 by 12 so you guys
listen real quick question we're
deciding right now on like on Martin
King Day and New Year's Day these are
gonna do all like the American holiday
it's like we were thinking about doing
like Canadian Thanksgiving some of the
English holidays I don't know what are
some main ones like I don't want to do
like a ton links god it's just third
potato holiday festival of 1972 you know
like nothing like that but like what are
still like big main ones you people from
Europe or Canada I would appreciate in a
calendar what are some like four or five
main ones that we could put in there
that you guys would like so let us know
in the comments below and then we'll
kind of like take a tally of all the
ones that you guys say we'll put them in
here in the calendar so it'd be helpful
you want them to be helpful to you know
not just cute right guys right that's
why we drink out of lenses yeah you see
this their bumpkin I don't know emails
email
is the best of all babies oh I heard
some Monday from school
tell me what you learned I would hear
all about arithmetic English math tell
me right now cut cut today Jim yeah
about tomorrow tomorrow somebody fix
your day hey is this your deluxe a
vampire dad it was cheap not that I like
how much was it they came expensive here
it was hot and it was ten bucks
so normally 20 themes the department
we do our part here in the living room
thank you so much
sorry that stupid thing how dare you on
today is that 120 please your ultra
diary this chips and salsa whoa hey dude
make sure you get that all in your mouth
okay
don't spill one drop of it oh he's just
sucking it off okay I'm gonna do a baby
try to get on my back I'm gonna do put
your stealing back shirt get off you're
too bad we'll work up to you princess
card up to you
well get your ID yondu out the nice
thing with KITT humming - I do baby turn
I'll bet he's a good one
baby looks so good and that yellow shirt
you're my favorite you're my favorite
person in the yellow cells but my
favorite person hey don't worry about to
go running it's self-explanatory what I
do
dog easy on the pink ball kicking okay
give it right here don't break the
window nice to jump bro him kick it
right to me let's see see it there we go
so ladies and gentlemen weighing them
for the kick of the pink ball here it
comes
there it goes no we don't have a front
yard yeah I know no we don't we go out
when you add to it in the ocean there's
an ocean in the front of our house here
it comes
nope not that the mild yet mild picante
sauce Center yeah he never he could eat
the spices he Thunder I can eat spicier
things and I can eat that's not saying
much cuz I'm kind of a wuss when it
comes to spicy things okay okay just
filming here would be separate
hey you guys I'm here with an Internet
legend what's your name
Sergio Sergio Flores aka the sexy sax
man Bret put up on his video right here
almost moment up on 10 million views now
my buddy Mike Mike Deva Mike is amazing
thank God for my and then he added it
then he filmer yeah he did pretty much
everything right and you played the song
on the saxophone yeah
if you haven't seen it yet it's probably
one of the funniest hidden-camera like
out in public getting yelled out by
authorities
like he stands where you go and you like
stand on checkstand
playing in this species of food for less
he gets up on the Czechs and starts
playing this song
they're like sir what are you doing get
out it's hilarious Lincoln my pants go
watch it almost 10 million boots we're
gonna put it over 10 million right now I
guess go check it out you guys for
watching yeah that's him right
there that's him sexy sex now we are
about to cut the giant mop off your hand
the giant mop off your head son Oh son
God Sanna dude watch out bro step off
sucker yo what do you want so we're just
watching Kaylee's new video that's going
up
everyone has new videos what's this
video about Kayleigh Halloween treats
with Kaylee hey Kaylee subscribe here so
she's gonna sub hearts hair maybe you
should do that you should do a hair
cutting locked are can you freakin chill
with the chair pushing I need you to cut
down on chair pushing by 20% this
quarter okay
only this quarter though house picture
day Oh perfect this is just insane all
right cut it off oh crap that looks so
weird you're not gonna like that at all
you're gonna get made fun of so much at
school okay just like this
it's good okay what do you think what
you doing Kate you know a sport and then
you're really supporting the Big Brother
there dude
shake Carl hat in the Carl appeared
on number three miss Casey leviair video
done' kids over here getting in the
Halloween candy I see I don't think
you're supposed to be eating that gather
little dress maybe tards eating all the
candy sigh gage has a mouth full of it
maybe turds eating the candidate long
hair McGee how is your hair Nadu
no is it funny that your hair is
basically been exact the same just cut
off there what did she say don't flog me
I have no Pam finds she said I have no
more batteries left in the flip cam oh
yeah and that's why it turned off maybe
she just knows her brother well enough
that you never charge your batteries
ever hey I didn't chargeable ones I only
have the double A's oh speaking of
double A's by the calendar was that
subtle I'm actually getting a calendar
please sign it from it know what's under
500 have already been ordered okay Ari
well maybe you should do the first
thirty thousand okay well I'm not taking
out a calendar ooh a giveaway giveaway I
like to signature this one hmm the nail
I'll get you later right
