seriously what are you doing he said mom
you are taking too long making my peanut
butter sandwich so I just took matters
into my own hands
literally he was so excited to find this
ball in the store and now he wants his
sister's you're just cool or dude I mean
 forget yours you take his very
rich hey rock and roll the old face over
here Oh both of them and I will enjoy
them for myself
Oh babies they just can't make up their
minds
all right we're sending out everybody
while I was on my little seven day
vacation hunting everyone who made a
montage video we're sending you some of
my old fat shirts at least smell
I just erased the crap out of them so
they didn't totally sing they're kind of
wet because they're so breezed out man
yeah breeze the crap out of those also
the podcast have you subscribed that
channel yet links NSYNC you're like
fully into my laundry you like my mom ha
ha oh that looks tentacle like a che
that's a good s now that signature is
going to go to Canada good for Jessica
go Jessica
hope you liked it yeah what is gone
under being undertaken out here
alright project this looks like a lot of
work and a lot of mess in our future
kids you guys gonna make a mess please
tell me you're not gonna make a nice
mess say daddy I promise we will not
make a mess say swear to my heart hope
to die stick a giant fat needle in my
eyeball and fat dad in your needle is
that my deliciousness like deliciousness
just arrived home from a long day of
shooting
oh well no but as long as the
deliciousness has arrived what are you
thank you guys look - beautiful did you
get pictures footage anything you have
footage did you look so beautiful I did
will you put in the vlog tomorrow yeah
Brett go to the footage of her hotness
no we are just shopping we're actually
trying to find things for our photo
shoot we have a photo shoot for the moms
channel hats with the fur looks like you
Hey ladies are you gonna go see the Mad
Hatter next I don't know what I'm going
to see oh yes look those laces
ha ladies I can decide on all these hats
Suzie's packing out the news I feel like
this size makes me feel like The Nanny
like I'm gonna come babysit for you feel
like you may pull me over in that hot
wait you you look you on everything so
that's fun sassy you're a woman of many
like silky you're a woman of many hots
get it hot so what is a wild you can
plant flowers in this you could look at
how much this stuff is hanging around
this is a flower pot used for a hat
should true shoot dang it okay cutest
hat I can't get it on hold on there we
go that's better my angry monster fun
this is what we do when we go shopping
we don't really get anything done but we
buy lots of cool things I think we
should really buy these and wear them
for the moms have serious discussions
about we shouldn't see how I know you
can try them on if you want oh we're
going to you then try them on Facebook
thank you going on YouTube / Facebook no
you look Riu Nakorn EULA's hey guys did
you notice anything different about me I
hate I just got my hair did yeah Kaylee
did my hair for the mom's makeover
portion of our channel and I'm having so
much fun we're breaking up the the shoot
into two days so today they did my hair
and then we're gonna do everything else
the next day it is so fun so check it
out probably won't be up until
mid-november this episode anyways so
anyway
I just bought some sushi for shaycarl
times just thinking I don't think I
realized that we actually get sushi a
lot and they're late sushi probably
twice a week lately is that a California
thing I don't know
we'd never eat sushi and I think the
reason why is there's not really any
good sushi places where we live but I
like sushi and I think I just said sushi
like 11 times maybe can count for me I
don't know if you've never tried sushi
you should try it because I remember the
first time I even heard about su shells
like oh my gosh raw fish
seaweed that's disgusting but it's
actually not it's good you should try I
don't know why I'm plugging the sushi
right now I just was sitting here my cry
thinking about sushi and thought I'm
gonna vlog about sushis what'd you guys
get to look forward to when you get old
things like sushi become exciting okay
I'm not I'm not old I'm getting older
though I know I'm getting older when I
went back through my old videos and
looked at some of the first videos that
we put up and baby TARDIS's little cute
little butterball with chubby cheeks and
she's so adorable she was like smaller
than rock chart is now like right after
I think cuz she was like three or four
months old I want to say so if you can
find those videos so cute maybe we can
find a link to one of them I can't think
of which specific one I was watching
she's probably the one that has changed
the most in these videos because you
know we started when she was a baby and
changed so much in the first year or two
of your life an obviously rocked heart
is going through those changes right now
and it's so fun to watch him learning
how to talk and walk and like when he
starts to interact with you like he
knows what you're saying and it starts
to say no and step back anyway oh the
joys of being a parent and I should
probably get off my camera because I
think it's against a lot of vlog and
drive pop-tarts Ella where we are all
your food bird
where we are at the where you had to
come to the mall guys we had to go
shopping it was so hard just one of
those things that you have to do
sometimes why are you happy
because we're sitting at this adorable
little table and see how my knees fit
perfectly underneath the table here is
you cuz you're little and you're stupid
you're little but my don't cuz I'm big
big and chunky that's not true anyways
we're at the mall I had a couple items
to return otherwise I probably would not
be bringing two children to the mall
however we're having a great time only
rock part he's been throwing stuff on
the floor this whole trip
goldfish his shoes what's this
what's this it's a picnic this is called
a toothpick
I got a sample of chicken just stick
your toothpick in the chicken that's
great idea okay we're gonna go finish
our lunch and then we're going to go
return some more things are you guys
excited huh how many times in our long
are you excited I can't I'm never gonna
stop saying it it's just one of those
things that just happen are you guys
excited
that's excited I was hard too excited oh
that's his side of dance do the excited
dance with my hair back and forth I turn
it all books give him a bite a noodle
side here here quick quick quick quick
there's some noodles there's the middle
oh the Lu Xun No
I was not very citizens the chills like
that is not good mom not with my mouth
it's nap time let's go
apparently rock-hard would rather eat in
the shoe than those noodles seriously
stop eating the noodles and then put a
shoe it is how these noodles must be a
really fantastic you guys this is the
best part of our shopping trip is when
baby targets to have fun time
it's so funny the things that have used
sugar
and this is Rock Park Street night
he's only got one shoe on my lovin he
purposely took one shoe off and he
always leaves one on I'm not sure why
he's just said once you got it
she's laughing at me because I'm trying
to get her to make faces you have that
train on yourself without funds you had
one in the middle QT next time can we go
again
well we probably will because they just
bought 10 passes yeah they snuck to be
in this train right thank you right we
got sucked into one more time now she
has the train all to herself and she
gets right in the end oh okay the rule
is you have to make a funny face at me
when you come around
dr. Chile's you're funny paid
money plays
kids are too entertaining so glamorous
isn't that amazing when we get to look
glamorous I know now Larry taking these
dresses off let me show you my outfit
there we go I've got a black dress on it
is the tightest thing in the world I was
in the bathroom just wrestling with it
to get it on but I finally got it on I'm
not taking it off here you go we're
doing your mom's photo shoot for our
mom's channel you guys stay tuned I'll
let you know when it's all coming up and
where you can subscribe and all that and
also Kimmy what is her YouTube channel
again miss Kimmy Erin she did all of our
style so you guys need to go check her
out she's awesome
anyways stay tuned what are you doing
Carly I'm threesome makeup through the
makeup little-known fact Carly is
amazing at everything including makeup
my most amazing yet grocery shopping
grocery shopping we were really good
about I'm amazing at eating Chapel I'm
amazing at collecting sticker but my
sexuality I could touch woman's breasts
so I don't feel like we're like being
felt that that's the only action I'm
getting you guys are amazing
okay I think we might be almost ready
let's soup here we are here is the
second question this is a breezy day
we're having so much fun we're at a
photo shoot so don't you normally like
something like an ridiculous person I
don't know what that means
and then tonight we're going to look you
are so skinny looks like after they have
yeah well I don't know okay back from
the hotness at this photo shoot anyways
I owners talk to you guys dude you got
to tag a bro in the face with the ball
yeah here comes here comes here comes it
sounds like the children are playing
beautifully over there they're not even
disagreeing at all that's fantastic I
wanted to talk to you about the podcast
mommy chart and I Colette and I are
doing a podcast it's called when the
kids go to sleep there's an actual
channel right here look something Brett
I don't know I don't like I like to
point to stuff when you make have to do
stuff new channel check it out links
below it's called the actual name of the
channel is when the kids go to sleep and
it's just us doing a podcast we're not
gonna film every podcast some will just
go up on iTunes you can download them
for free on iTunes but then some we're
gonna film so that you can actually
watch on YouTube that'll be on our
website oh i thought i Govan good thing
i was watching
how about got tagged in the head from
old Casey laughs here Katie don't still
let me try to kick you in the head ready
Oh almost over the spouse who's calling
me
Jenice vlogs by the way Denise vlogs is
editing the podcast for us thanks Denise
you're calling me I'm gonna answer now
hello okay so from yes the other day on
our one take Sunday we made up a game
Casey and I made up the game it's called
the three catch and I'm gonna see if
Brett can do it right now do I'll be
impressed if you can catch all three of
these nice sweater case one two
Oh Mo's rat monkeys that was a close one
Volcom stone man expressive that was
pretty close Casey throw it to me kinda
a little messy a little mesh mesh you
have a dog a bone so the podcast when
the kids go to sleep it's just me and my
wife talking and they're long I was
originally gonna put it on the shaycarl
channel but I decided not to because I
would probably lose half the subscribers
they're not for everybody it's just me
and Colette talking about like parents
our relationship like kids we're just
getting it started so we don't have a
format we want to make it a lot more
refined and you know we'll have segments
like whether ask questions and like
advice did you just hang on the face
okay see you guys I hope you enjoy the
podcast it's fun it's fun just to spend
the time that's I told mommy hard I said
it'll just be fun just to hang out and
just be able to talk about you know what
we did with our days and you know you
know what you're doing and what I'm
working on and all this kind of stuff
now I'm following mr. hands here where
you going huh no no no just getting my
leg stuck right here oh well there we go
well I think I'm gonna go back to here
and try to get this car out of
commission yeah this one right here
there's still life in this hole buddy
here right here I'm gonna pull this out
and take it down the 405 yeah right down
to Hollywood we cruise on down here let
me get this convertible her the full of
gas no this is electric I forgot a solar
power you know Oh
check the tires make sure to explode yes
sir sir yeah like it is insured I can't
remember okay you're gonna get in your
car dude get in your car how you gonna
cruise off in the king you know you try
to push it out of there first you are a
determined
boy aren't you so proud of so determined
we're gonna make it this big mean world
you're gonna make it
yeah you are boy there you go now you're
cruisin like Dukes of Hazzard yeah yeah
alright these guys are playing catch
back here we're just chilling out
okay sundar can you catch all three one
two three oh nice dude give them to him
a little faster than that frisbee
football ball Gabriel you ready one two
uh-oh still caught it nice getting ready
to go to the Jackson Harris show we're
going to that tonight I'm emceeing for
the Jackson Harris show and roc tard is
gonna be the chauffeur he's taking us to
the show hi hi you take us to the show
you took us to the show sure AM Doug get
in the back
u-haul and then we all die in a fiery
crash down a steep ravine
that's because babies can't drive turns
out who thought it I would rather trust
you there's a calendar calendar
pre-orders are up right now can you
believe that
you just leaked the calendar yeah did
you see it yeah pre-orders right now you
guys also we know and we're shaving i am
shaving the beard i cannot find out that
information check out the beard update
video clickety-clack right on over there
so first 500 calendar pre-orders get
another signature from shannon oh right
right right last time I checked I
haven't checked for a while we were at
like 460 so the first 500 calendars
we're gonna sign me and mommy two are
gonna sit down and sign flight ever so
like the first 500 go link below check
it out first podcast so there's so much
stuff it's like it's Jay Palooza by
