start with you done you start yes that's
rock Lupe BBP and he ain't gonna stop
you see em Ellison all the time with the
big swamp canvas baby that will see in a
while when baby charts laundry she takes
a bath three years old so you do the
math and it was possible baby tar front
cover of James Bond's album art yeah
mrs. tardes she's fabulous life the star
she's extravagant and she might get a
bit hyper at times but I guess that it
runs in the family line and son tart man
full of funk and soul souls move
whenever the music says go yes is all
the time yeah dance off man and the
dancing your dreams in across the land
and we got blue heads of the house one
was like line one squeaks like the mouse
with the loves I flew in computer screen
Jake our kitty net captors of team and I
know where
Hey
I'm sexy and I know it this song if you
guys heard this I think it's my element
having a hand I set that new band you
heard that new band they're called LMFAO
why can't I say that anyways it's like I
work out I'm sexy and I know it's like
this generations version of I'm too sexy
for my shirt so sexy for my shirt so
sexy it hurts my can I sing that song it
isn't it that isn't it right huh it's
this generations version of I'm too sex
I'm a mom all let you know what that
means and not do many things I wanna get
woke anybody know that song come on you
know what you gotta know it all right
I'm headed to maker studios today's a
big day and it's already a big day
before anything's even happened yet you
want to know why
I'll tell you why because today I had
two milestones
I ran ten miles today which took me
about two hours a little less than two
hours which meant I ran for two hours
straight just to be able to say that I
can do that now remember when I was fat
and I used to be like I just wanted to
be able to know that I could just like
jump up and run a mile if I had to now
if I had to I could jump up and run ten
miles man that's kind of emotional it
just feels so good to be able to say
that I can do that also second milestone
today I'm Maureen size 34 waist short 34
guess what I used to wear 44 I've gone
down 10 Way sizes and it feels so right
from a 44 inch waist - today - today
Junior I'm wearing a 34 inch waist
it feels so grub and I love it I ran 10
miles today 34 inch waist and I'm
feeling good man it's it's it's amazing
guess what it's all the cliches all the
cliches you ever hear what did I say the
secrets to life are hidden behind the
word cliche you feel amazing when you
work hard you set a goal you set your
mind to it you never quit you don't give
up you don't get discouraged when people
tell you you can't do it and that you're
fat and that you're failing and that
you're not taking it seriously and bla
bla bla bla bla bla bla bla it is all
those cliches where you just set your
mind toward something you focus on a
goal you work towards it you never give
up and you achieve it and that's what it
is that's all that it is and that's for
everything whether it be weight loss
success in your job success in your
relationship however you want to measure
it that's the secret to life anyways
it feels amazing I'm sexy and inoa oh
it's over funny story about that so me
and Casey were down on Venice Beach when
they were filming that and we didn't
know who LMFAO was at the time just by
looking at them but I'm like to that
dude he had this he had like a huge
mohawk and one of them was wearing like
g-string and they are right down there
on the basketball courts on Venice Beach
I mean Casey were riding our bikes down
there I'm like god they're shooting
something it's like a music video for
something come to find out it was up for
that song that new song anyway it's fun
facts ha ha
we drove to Cali ain't got you're gonna
be j.lo made of wheat tonight no dearest
cause you're laughing a one is best
Moo's he's laughing at himself later
noses or rewind up you know I don't want
coming up on living are you high backed
old fuse and green house it on I say are
the not Eva holiday ham baaga knee
I think agony is involved in this first
I'm annoyed with myself but then I
started saying this and it made me
really about it's maybe some of the
naughtiest mahogany yeah we're coming
for eight have you ever seen more daddy
mahogany naughty toboggan he is so
naughty
is someone here gates it it's like the
things really long he's funny
I don't know it's amazing it's comedy
it's fine I just as anybody gonna want
to wash the stupid stuff yeah should we
do a podcast guys we're doing a podcast
and it's fun you guys what we have fun
doing it as you want to listen you can
try and listen
if you have fun listening I was gonna
put it on I was gonna put it on the
shaycarl channel cuz I didn't want to
start another channel but there's no way
I put this on the shaycarl channel like
300,000 subscribers you can put on my
channel I'm gonna put it on a new
channel I'd go try to make right now
hopefully that that's available check it
out links in the pants boom shot the new
chair how do you start a new gmail
account I'll start a new gmail account
right another one Hey I'm filming your
ear get out of me
yeah that is rockin or years are gonna
get by this puzzle she died you want to
buy this puzzle Shh you want to buy
everything in here is that yours or did
you just find that that there no we're
not gonna buy anything
mommy tart said she would buy son tart
another Diary of a Wimpy Kid books in
Revelation well he finished it on all
the pages yesterday and yesterday yes
did he finish it while he was in a
bird's nest yes yesterday alright mommy
tried promised he would buy she would
buy him one so she's gonna buy one in
Chile on the bar no war I love the
princess books get what sex or stockist
books Jasmine Ariel there's Ariel violin
daddy no I'll just throw it on the floor
you'll put it that noise
don't run floor I'll just turn it off
oh don't hug stop guys wait it's not oh
yeah I found the BG beep wait
JB I found the JB and dad said I could
buy it so it's gonna be so sexy first of
all I did not say you could buy it
and second of all he's not sexy he's a
talented young musician who happens to
have a lot of hair it was right there
get out of here weirdo you know sexy
whenever you want it don't call the
inappropriate so son targets don't you
have yeah what's wrong said you know I
don't the people that own the series
they are evil would be kid please
sponsor the only ones I don't have is
this one so you've read all the other
ones yep how many are that so you've
read three yes is a journal write your
own that's about two so you're gonna buy
the yellow one which one you're gonna
get I think there's an order I think
there's an order in which you're
supposed to get it on sale November 5th
yeah we were giving them way too much
what about a different one you want to
read something else do you only want to
read this there's a ton of books I know
after this on your store in the Magic
Tree House books you want to start on
one now or you want to finish these
first you feel like you gotta finish
these are they like that like they keep
going like they're like a big story
Lance the whole pack oh no wait a whole
set there you guys read I forgot SHINee
this one this one's was in the purple
one he went to the shop and he picked up
when the openings and yeah
oh he's here but I'll chase him around
before your turn that's a good one
that's recommended reading right there
what'd you find what's that you don't
want that you want that one the one you
want
oh cool that's a cool pumpkin yeah just
in time for the holidays
yes I'm right here yes I am your dad how
can I help you um check this one over
here I think you should wanna hurt here
my buddy other buddies name's Tommy he
told me about this one right here yeah
it's a dad died he told me about this
when I said oh yeah I remember hear
about this one right here yeah you can
like draw with it and stuff Oh girls you
like this way ladies
nice shoes dude with those yes Oh stylus
la banquise in Idaho yeah I know
hey have a minute Audrey is so funny
really yeah that's just look some of
these students I think it's Aden
cheering's I feel like Xena the princess
warrior worthy is a to battle she
probably did and that's why they make me
look so wonderful cuz they're powerful
so far well book you getting let me see
which it's about a bread setup
how'd I know that it was about a
princess Barbie something pink pink pink
some pink pink pink so you get him okay
so as you guys know if you do or do not
know I don't know but I'll tell you
right now I've been running late I ran
10.7 three miles today almost all of
them I already talked about this I came
home actually got on the map and a map
tracked my run I got this new thing that
I go in my truck out anyways the other
day I read on the beach I ran probably
two miles on the beach and it was an
amazing workout I can feel it in my legs
and it was like I was right there on the
ocean and I was just running a just a
swimming - so like when I was getting
sweaty I just go in the water and like I
swam for a little bit's what I'm gonna
start doing is I'm
on the beach way more often but the
problem is like stepping on there's like
glass in some spots and then like the
sand was like starting to wear my feet
out after about two miles so check it
out I'm getting again some of these I
know how nerdy right the individual toe
shoes it's like you're running in bare
feet but you have like protection up so
I'm I get a pair of these I can run on
the beach I'm so excited I'm gonna go do
it tomorrow morning so you can just like
run white right in the water with these
right in the water I get some of those
and then I just hop right out and then
just run right on the beach I'm so
pumped I'm gonna use these tomorrow he's
going to get me size 11 right now to try
on somebody found something he looks
excited Hey look check it out I think he
likes it
right I did me a petal like this watch
your brother watch your brother see see
your sister there they go into the blue
wild okay follow him follow he wants to
so bad go go dad stop yeah serious love
their eggs PS by the way once again zina
princess warrior earrings
oh he's steering that's great mom
retired that's great thanks yeah
hey you're both gonna pull and then one
of you will get the fortune either son
card or princess charge okay Ready Set
no wait
Oh Noble give about the next one have
you taking well we you go half and half
full fun tire Oh disappointment never
hurts so bad kiss and she will wings and
be assertive and you will win you know
what that means
you know the sort of means means you
have a go-get-'em attitude you're
proactive you go and you get things done
you don't wait for somebody to tell you
what to do just go and you get it done
okay can you be assertive you're like hi
my name is Sun Tarr
I'm here to get the job done you're
assertive okay yeah and the monkey down
there oh he's just jamming up just
shaking his shoulders he's shaking his
tail feather like he does gonna do that
make sure you shake still mothers a lot
he does I mean he's just like his father
every every feather I've ever seen i
cooking it yanked it that's what I want
to think of you I think of Ted shaking
tailbone a Karl the tail feather shape
oh by the way knock-knock who is there
Wow I just punch and the shoulders I
wasn't funny
well I wanted to make this a good
inflate you purred frickin what what are
you say look at me on this teacups I
didn't even smile once
go watch we're at Disneyland yesterday
don't smile in on the teacups that's
like four levels of spinning you're on a
big circle spinning and then you're like
a smaller spat we're definitely mister
nauseous and then you're inside of
teacups did anyone vomit on you know I
felt like I could do it if I had like a
large burrito or maybe even some sort of
corn dog
