you are not watching the Shaytards blog
just sit back relax follow along
J says
because
fuck material
mommy tarde when you stop racing the
Train why did you have to beat the train
no right congratula and now we're gonna
get a toe rag look at the palm trees
here in Southern California look at that
man oh my Hannah Montana they're going
to break into the back of a Nissan
Sentra that was how the shades are so
many wrecks in Southern California
because the free will be like however
flowing with them stops cigar do you
want to let me know where we're going
today
boom-shaka-laka we're going to the
Disney of the land its chips take the TV
show the TV show chips to D Omega
trouble hey you guys somebody had a big
day today I think it's like they got
married or they're on their way cuz look
she's in the car with all girls like
they're on their way to the wedding
hurry go catch her dude just push them
out of the way there's this girl you can
tell because she has her veil on her
head there this really nice like classic
mercedes-benz and there's all these
girls in the car it's probably her
bridesmaids and she's probably on her
way to get married right now
how exciting or they're running away
they all jumped in the car at the church
and they were running away how you get
up there dog
the students so now let's see the
bride-to-be I want to see the
bride-to-be okay now get the right land
in oh here they go here there
congratulations I'm getting married hi
maybe it's our kids in the era that's a
sweet car what maybe Tarwater do that
what is she doing she's driving where
are they gonna go to Disneyland - are
you excited yes
yours are wearing a princess dress as
well baby turns wearing her princess
dress oh that's nice
dude are we gonna write all the rides
look who we don't have with us oh it's
so sad there's an empty seat we forgot
we left Rock chart at home huh Carly's
babysitting him are you sure nice so
that means we can read all the rides all
the kid rides me son tired dude remember
last time we didn't get to go on Indiana
Jones we got to do any other Jones
missed it today okay we're doing Indiana
Jones case yeah dude are they I don't
know if they're tall enough that's the
problem I mean they're taller my dad
indeed smiling on the teacups who
remembers no smiling on the teeth we got
to do that we got to do a no smiling
other teacups part two you guys remember
that who remembers that is the ultimate
test
if you cannot smile the whole time
you're on the teacups and you are the
winner there's no smiling on the teacup
I am not having any fun I've gotten so
many video or spikes PAH I have received
some video responses from you guys I'm
doing no smiling on the teacups if you
don't what I mean go to the teacups okay
let's just get into freakin Disneyland
traveling down the escalator or into the
bees here's my problem with a second
that I get here this is immediately when
I start the unit I paid for parking
of course it's $15 per car and I
immediately begin counting the number of
cars that were driving and when I get
over five thousand dollars just in
parking fees like I mean what I'm
talking about five thousand just like
you know the couple minutes that we
drove around and I mean there's levels
on levels I mean they're probably making
a million dollars mate just they are
they are raking in cash money here at
the old Disneyland Resort I think I will
recycle my bottle thanks so much for the
option in the environment butter we just
do what we just do with that with those
cards in your hands
why did you talk me into that
just talk to me in well once I figured
out that it was going to be almost $400
it's gonna be to get in I would have
died to have angry passes when I was a
kid okay so here's the thing if you come
to this kneel and three times it pays
for the season it's just to get in today
it was gonna be almost $400 just wrote
today just for our whole family
I know some of you probably here on this
or like I could've gone to New Zealand
for free anyways we bought annual passes
now so we only have to come two more
times and it pays for every time after
that it's like we're coming for free so
even if we come like five times or even
ten times you know I'd be it's sweet
value yeah you totally pay for if you
gotta come too distant I have a lot more
often I'm definitely not gonna be
smiling on the teacups yeah you're on
the front of the movement that's cool
that's awesome sounds like popcorn I
know like it's like I'm floating on
popcorn right now okay some very serious
horse riding is about to occur here and
I hope you guys are excited because I
know you're excited here we are the most
happiest place on earth
what's your horse's name Claire Jose
what is it Claire alright then we got a
beautiful mommy tire down there how's it
going babe
looking awesome ain't nothin apparent
we're officially parents we don't get
any we know it's right on the horses
there's not enough left you have to
stand Oh Princess hard Blair is looking
fantastic riding around the corner
stretch what do you mean
baby tard this is the teacups we are
about to go on the teacups and there
will be no smiling on the teacups
no smiling on the teacups no smiling on
the teacups fluttery right none they're
over here so I'm talking with us we're
going back okay we're going you guys
we're go fast okay sit down
listen you know the rules no smiling on
the teacups right yeah we can fit more
people in here KC ought to come in here
and try to
where's Kate the old man I am so dizzy
violate on the teak you guys we are
freaking spinning oh my god oh wow I
busy ok stop spinning I'm going to vomit
all over my children we were on the
t-tops what a beautiful no everybody
line again the teacups are so much fun
everybody's coming to get on
bruising all that I hear
saina
she can write yeah you gotta just push
down all the way do we got a pink car
it's a break at length all right for
dude for sons heart is driving us around
the track and we are going into the
offense hungry fill it up thankful you
did son are you having fun can you reach
it sorry
what are you doing what is there
oh you're never gonna catch us
we're never going to get judge those are
I want to leave
thank you there's Space Mountain or
damaged outer garment founder shop minor
it's called oh we're going into the blue
tunnel sent on your dreams there your
belt is everywhere what's going on here
we're coming up on this biggie here it's
really fun I'm really glad that we got
the season pass because now I don't feel
it stressed to try to do as much stuff
as possible it's like just enjoy a few
rides because then we can come back
fully like a 30-minute drive home step
ever slowed down I was just screaming at
one of the workers I was like he goes
touch shaycarl like I did anyway
probably people now look so we're in a
traffic jam see not even even at
Disneyland there's traffic jams so the
way from here we go who's behind us I
want to see these hot ladies behind us
oh no ramming the cars totally ramped up
hey check out all this traffic look at
all these cars we were just stuck in
that traffic we're right there then all
these people and all these cars are run
on gasoline you can hear them makes me
wonder what the see output and they're
pretty cool little cars though it's
pretty fun you can really steer them but
you know if you get too far off those CP
on track so you really are pushing on
the gas and steering so son tires got to
steer he really like that Jeff fun dude
your first time driving the car yeah
that was awesome dude you did a great
job man all right we're gonna go a lot
more right so good night bro we're here
till then all hours of the night he's
gone it's Bret the intern he must be
calling for an end slate
hello hey Bret was
you want to do an end slate I'm here
about to get on The Little Nemo ride hey
you guys I have to tell you about this
right now or I'm gonna keep forgetting
on October 25th
that's this coming Tuesday if you live
in LA and you want to come to a free
show with Jackson Harris and I'm gonna
be MC net check out the link below if
you're in the LA area you can come out
to the free show with us and Jackson
Harris and Carly and Casey and Caylee
and the whole family's gonna be there
it's gonna be awesome so Brett put a
thing like there's Brett there's like a
promotional thing that you can put up
right now Brett yeah do it okay we're in
line to go on these submarines I'm gonna
bout to show you links below to the show
also see you guys come out October 25th
come out hang out that's me fun
fireworks on by the mounds and it's so
magical
Disneyland's awesome oh it's over here
it's super cool guys apparently they're
awesome okay I think it's the finale
look they're over here too
we're about to go on the Neptune
seven captain of the sea all right here
we go down into the belly of the beast
down we all live in a yellow submarine
young a summary young submarine we all
we down the road please come on ladies
all all hands on deck right away let's
go to go my name is captain searchers
say captain hey captain Hey
imagine
guys were in the EAC
our on a boat you guys wanna turn over
on the river because I get out there
salivating
Oh
and there we come out with the matador
that fun guys the door touch it nice you
crazy monkey have fun on your ride Jase
excited cruise along on the beater band
just a little fairy dust see you're on
your way
time for bed go to bed Wendy
there it is the magical Disney Castle
little did she know that bread already
put the link below
good form Shae good form Bravo all right
but
