rock cards being awesome baby backpacks
nothing better I'm rocking the crawls
you are about what's the most
comfortable shoe in my closet
I thought these I don't know if they are
necessarily are well hey hi baby boy she
is loving life right now
dangerous game he's on the danger zone
right here yeah being case you have a
very serious game of three item catch
going on we are like all brothers do in
the backyard on a Sunday all right
venting games that we would play and
compete in if we were in charge of the
rules and the setup of the game so
here's how it goes we're on a team and
we've compete with other teams of
similar people huh we've really gotten
into stout you're throwing always a
competition okay so the GUP the goal is
to try to get these three items to Casey
as fast as possible but I want him to
catch them he's on my team without
hitting the baby in the head please oh
right away I again throw together to see
the first beats there has to be a direct
hit that was my bad horrible you have it
that was good the frisbee way I know you
had a rocket I like on football second
are you jealous you want to play too
it's trying to lift up this you could go
change his diaper for him that'd be
fantastic dirty your legs look long not
an elephant your button is as big as an
elephant is he playing hard to get
what's up guess it's the kisses yes I
will be on my skateboard anything of my
f and pants on my skateboard
he needs to be changed your turn
no I'm super busy I'm where I told you
I'm gonna I'm gonna juggle this I
actually like it I encouraged the
drawing on the house
Disneyland inspired you think so totally
follow the yellow brick road follow the
pings and stuntin something wrong yeah I
think it looks cool I like the artistic
I was telling I was saying the other day
if I was running and I was like on a
road of these it would be majestic it'd
be hard not to stop ready and check it
out hey everybody it's one tank Sunday
it's a one take Sunday yeah yeah yeah
like it's on okay so Oh My heavens to
Murgatroid looks like some deliciousness
is about to be served up in here mashed
potatoes whatever having peppers Oh
don't hang on the vlog arm bro this is a
very special longer
hey people are saying that I was
conceited in my other vlog the other day
because I wasn't doing push-ups and I
was showing my muscles before what's
that so tired I mean I didn't say it you
guys I wasn't me and he said it so
that's that's unbiased right dude we got
corn the colors of the rainbow right
place I'm excited good dude yeah I just
want everybody to see my new body this
excited show my new body that's all yeah
it is awesome
take Sunday we're all hanging out you
know again ready for dinner
fighting punching watching lots of
football on the couch that's our main
goal for today right case to the kids to
the kids
that's right and now tonight we were
watching Game four who you're rooting
for Rangers Rangers you want to tie it
up to what's-his-name hit three home
runs last night what's it girls robert
Pujol a's kids like my hair baby tart
filled it she put um hairspray and
detangler in it
right baby tart tell him about you come
with her
there's a great job all right Dubai one
take Sunday we will see you tomorrow on
Monday we hope you had a great weekend
and we have to go to school tomorrow so
do your homework I'm talking to you you
yeah so I'm after their homework right
now yeah they're watching this leak last
night you should have done your homework
class all right you guys love you bye
