Oh
all right so here we are when when does
the makeover happen why am i ugly to you
what are you gonna make her but show me
your set is this Carly's set this is
like a whole room you need this flip why
look at Casey always casey engager the
sweep is this yourself it looks great
are you sponsored by these products yeah
you should a pure ology give us a call
that's great Caylee you got your own set
sided mirror mirror on the wall he's got
the greatest set of all laid on all
right so they're giving over giving over
there give me mommy tired of the
makeover today are you picking a color
don't you try all seems scary that was
that scary I like you let's go crazy
let's do something crazy she's always
listen you don't have a choice in the
matter
okay let's just go are you going to be
like strips in her hair or like all a
little nervous no don't we go with the
blonde the line let's do this one just
do one little bang all right I'm in
meetings they're shooting bye okay let's
oh thanks thanks editor thanks predator
backlighting nice I always yell at
myself I'm like oh I'm no backlighting
over here there's so much backlighting
so centaur today had earthquake or quick
training drills and we just found out
what the teacher told them listen I
successfully quick drill adds like if
you're injured it's like okay kids
here's how we're gonna do it in case of
an earthquake only the strong survive
hungry man for himself
don't get injured darwinism tortilla the
weakest must go under first I like that
that's good under your desk told you I
was wondering what they're teaching
these days top does that they say like
that over your head and net yeah well
that's like a dance move this time you
are the cut head hair for the face
don't hurt her all right now murder
definitely hurt her now go ahead and
flicks pain upon her you know you play
Connect car bro hey are you doing you
place next for no I'm visit exert hey
what's up cry chop face great job oh
dude ain't making this no more can't
hide behind your fourth mother I feel
like all my kids have four mothers and
the great Father's
Casey's a dad Brett's a dad shades of
dad Ali's a mom Cecily is a mom
Kaylee Carly's a mother oh then she had
their other perfect mom Cola these kids
are being raised
listen third mom we really are like
we're practicing polygamy around here
anyways
it takes a village to raise a family
right what's up dude delicious pie bro
is your homework done well once you're
done eating that sticker why don't you
go do your homework
behind did you got any strong and if you
have to eat some of the other kids to
survive you got to do it dude paint KC
remember last time we were right here
blending of a Surrey enactment what
happened it did exactly what it was
about to do you immediately pulled your
fingers and partners like I was trying
to up the stunt dude look at this you
what hey your hair looks nice great job
what are you gonna be for Halloween burn
your face off dawg it'll burn your face
up obviously doesn't harbor any hard
feelings for this person who's done this
before but usually you have it right
over a candle and then the bottom of the
plate gets black you tell him to touch
the bottom of the plate and then touch
your face and then there's like wiping
like blacks trying to introduce me Casey
to your father-in-law he's a handsome
devil Oh what I've seen you in those
videos on YouTube hot grandma tart
that's a that's a fan favorite ever were
that were these are Kayleigh spirits do
you approve of your daughter will be now
here to Los Angeles no it's great look
at this so what if there was three
stabbings on the way over you don't get
better views than this okay so it's good
view yeah burski
hey are you throwing them a mohawk
ponytail their thing what is that cause
like hey y'all a DuckTales Oh touched up
a rat tail mob
yeah I know talking about our workout
goals we're here at the maker studios
about to film videos that's what we do
with the video that's what we do the
video filmer so tell me about this
install you're vlogging - sure if you're
watching this video on Courtney's
channel I would unsubscribe this is
horrible footage I would not watch this
on youtube any day of the week we're
like twins
so we got the red yeah check us out we
got the pizza and the dance my kids that
earthquake training today and get this
right my son says today that the teacher
says to them if you're wounded you'll be
left behind that's what he told us that
our teacher or his teacher said to him
the teacher said I'm realistic
that's rice in your lines and make up by
hammer speed that was feet rolling and
action hey everybody this is shaycarl
we're here on the new set of the hi I'm
rod show you can tell because he's got
his face all over the place if I brought
is everywhere he's right there person
20 push-ups - oh dear I'm sorry at 60
today I did something to it but you know
it feels good like you start like
feeling like this strength in your chest
like you can do it or before you're like
Diane it's almost like your muscles
become a tool we could just use those
tools when you move to access right
we're accessing our tools right stop
killing crap it does at least 3000 oh
you know I take my shirt off right now
you see I was doing push-ups thank you
the filming Arthur job I've ever gone
was like 72 I think how many was the
most pushups you ever done well I've
never tried to do most of it but you're
fit we got me Ron this is all the cast
in a video Alex and all these other
losers
anyways throw me do push-ups ready so
let's all do them together it won't
count and never ask
17:18 oh yeah Ron is a wolf and that is
a fact oh look
pull that tooth that is so gross hey
guys this is Brett by the way if you
didn't know she is not here right now
cuz he's sleeping its he was up till
like 5:50 in the morning shooting that
video so he is passed out it's just man
anyways if you want to click on the
right you'll get the free shirt giveaway
from yesterday so you still have a
chance to enter your comments before it
gets picked and also yesterday's vlogs
to the left it involves cuteness and a
baby lying on carpet and what is chases
hi bye
