the youngest art yes that's rock ABVP
any ain't gonna stop CML se√±al go time
with the big slob get this baby that
will see in a while when baby tarts long
when she takes a bath three years old so
you do the math anything's possible baby
tard front cover of James Bond's album
art yeah mrs. tardes she's fabulous life
with the song she's extravagant she
might get a bit hyper at times but I
guess that it runs in the family lie and
Sun talk man full of funk and soul souls
move whenever the music says go yes all
the time yeah you danced up man and a
dancing you dreamed in across the land
and we got blue heads of the house one
was like line one squeaks like a mouse
with the love Sun blue keep your screen
Jay Carl Kay the net cat is a team what
are you guys doing oh look at those
cheesy guilty grin on your face
look oh there's cereal everyone oh hey
what it snowed it snows it snows frosted
flakes now good news guys it does snow
in LA it snows frosted flakes so come on
down
ah you guys are stinky bugger vases hey
yeah check it so who do you suppose is
gonna clean this mess up then yeah oh
really
we're gonna clean up messes Eli me why
should I quit this mess up I didn't do
it I did it you did sound oh my gosh he
pretty sir she I think you're silly
okay go get the broom it's your turn
yeah no yes you will yes yeah
that's it maybe turn shuffle on time to
lick I'm asking a magician you guys
never have this problem in your house
they spill cereal and then they go like
this oh that was a fun noise I'm gonna
do it all over the place
well good thing I am gonna make clean it
up right because this is unacceptable
unacceptable rough card he's like this
is so fun so fun
okay so Shea is I'm meeting and then use
that I another meeting and then he'll be
back so it's just us today guys what you
have to say to everyone hitting hitting
no not money I'm gonna go parent
nutshell you will wait the camera no
don't hit the camera because they're
nice too we don't hit anyone I'm not
nice you are you are nice
no I not know why are you not nice dick
couch is not nice well baby card as your
dad would say happiness is a choice
no as well as nice nice it is a choice
your choice to be nice your choose to be
happy or I will make you love II I know
you're gonna be quiet he was just
talking to me it again
fine I'll try to catch him next time
guys he was so cute I promise
missed it next time just pay attention
guys okay okay time for a nap okay route
Hyde 9im indica night-night and I love
you Shh so sweet when he gets tired he
just likes to chew on his blanket hey I
do in a minute 99
baby hard do you need some attention new
media attention okay it's quiet settle
down time guys so she go greet your
blankies and take your naps hello
everybody I'm here the work don't ever
feel rough after it tries to hug me when
you work on ice snow baby boys yes you
could say that
but no that hurts look at what I go
today but to have it Wednesday
so my baby is not having the day I'm
really not so we're having a good day
for victim booth say Dada da Dada that
that's fine Kim bathroom what and rock
doesn't find this huge I'm anxiously oh
no ok they're all sitting there you just
thought about her stick them in there
from spy like yeah he's going here hey
Ron how are you he gets these little
like projects where it's just like he'll
be taking something out of a drawer I'm
pretty good his tuna - he's doing the
project of cleaning it pretty good he's
pretty tough be able to do that keep it
on the ground and walk like that that's
the baby would rocked our cream when you
see a pot
due to creep into the creek and if you
want
friends at the ATM to the creek and go
to crazy
imagine of a giant baby was pussy
pushing your car like that
go rock guard your Jurassic Park tour
will be guided today by mr. one knee
it's pretty flexible for a little baby
my little baby boy - oh hey one foot
ready on hello one two three
Oh shaggy neck oh oh you gotta get along
good baby daddy
yeah you should work out of gym should I
set up there jump one two three oh yeah
jump oh so why don't you have a binder
and capture a few Falls okay switch it
over to this foot
hey you guys are so cute
oh honey are you ready how much today
we're enjoy today let's go when should
we cut it December 1st
why does that refers I just like
December
I don't wanna cut I like it what if I
try to get down to 180 by December so
let's push on it oh now tell me what you
do today what'd you do today would you
learn in school would you learn you
learn sentences disincentive additions
you can't add option yes I hate agenda
sit on my lap you know since she's
washers because she can't pronounce
certain words yeah yeah I do what -
what's two plus two
what's three plus two 16:05 what's okay
whoever can yell about the fastest wins
ready what's 7-2 don't yell I just said
- - what's five plus three behave you
turn four
you're covering Oh
Judith I will come out right now another
one
yeah she's another one about to fall out
oh it's a molar that's a big one pull it
out don't just spring one out let it
come out a map get a Mac you managed to
get a map yeah then I have to show her
the cutest letter did you show no I
don't know she's talking about
hey guys hey did the Tooth Fairy come
when your other cheek just came out
recently
I know you got five dollar bill the
Tooth Fairy must be feeling pretty
generous didn't have any extra change I
don't know - Terry you lucked out there
register Thank You furnitures funny
they're so funny looking that doesn't
even hurt yeah dad I made out with her
once
don't step on my that's a giant burger
okay watch so how does princess tarts a
favorite favorite that are a favorite
favorite no how do you usually say
favorite I don't know I mean so so so so
so much so my favorite favorite dad
who's this I don't know that was
Brandi's she oh the baby's wizardry I
love every way
all right so let's pull out this other
tooth do you ready okay ready
oh wow you do it oh well that way wait
do this side thing like you were let's
film it let's film it I mean would how
often do we hear that let's move it
let's fill it wait wait wait
I want to see it I meant to say get a
light so you can see it better all right
yeah there's a tooth okay pull oh it's
right there um hey mom
yeah you've heard that one too written
every time okay here ready all help anak
dress room um I was waiting a little No
are you sure if I win we just feel how
loose it is first which one is it
they're very very back whoa hey just
leave Phillip first off I don't care any
it won't just relax you're not good okay
see that one oh wow let me see
dude but they you it seems kinda what do
I like Francis turns dead kid you
bleeding princess tard
let's say you dude you are a freakin
teeth losin fool you're gonna be rich by
the end of it yeah yarn
there's another one see look this is why
you have to take care of your teeth
because look at this see look underneath
they're so dirty it is underneath there
that's underneath your tooth ecstasy
couldn't really reach that but look you
see those little stains see all those
little pit see the little dark spots
right there that's where you had sugar
and you didn't brush your teeth so you
got to brush them see how all there's
little holes and stuff so when you guys
are brushing your teeth at night you got
to keep these clean because now you only
have one more you'll have one set of
teeth really because these teeth is your
baby teeth they all fall out and then
see these teeth I have these teeth will
never fall out I have to keep these
teeths for the rest of my life so you
don't say it good if you lose them again
they can never grow right they'll never
grow back that's why you have to brush
your teeth throughout these teeth if
they fall out then you'll have be
toothless
definitely do not really like that you
know because it's like I didn't bleed as
much because it was definitely different
princes tired lost another tooth here's
what I love to do yes
he doesn't let me kiss him anymore so I
usually have to do I have to hold it
it's kind of barbaric I have to hold his
legs down look at it the whole arms down
too much oh you sleepy look he's getting
sleepy he's tired
you guys we tired too it's bedtime go
brush your teeth
dirty I remember this lady when I was a
boy scout we went to this old folks home
and this nice little lady shouldn't have
any teeth she goes take care of your
teeth
you only get one pair and then she gave
me like this big wet slobbery kiss right
on my cheek I was like I am gonna brush
my teeth every night anyway so I think
I'm going to shave my beard December 1st
let's have a beard celebration all right
how long is that that's ten that's after
Thanksgiving happy Thanksgiving maybe we
can talk me into two into it do it
sooner I don't know you don't talk me
into it okay sundered sorry ones behind
BAM depends on when I come back from my
run because I've been running I ran ten
miles yesterday today I went to the gym
but I'm like - OH - when I come I'm
maintaining right around 205 with all my
clothes on me and Casey weight each
other the other day I had my shoes my
wallet and all that stuff and that's why
I was like I can't believe her 210 so
I'm a virgin right around 200 to 205 I
could be down to 100 easy but I'm kind
of like maintaining have been exercising
a ton yeah you weren't really two tanks
you had your shoes in your way yeah I
had everything else on yours I'm feeling
good I'm getting stronger
I've been able to run farther I ran ten
miles yesterday and so far the seven
high yeah but I need two more scrappy
20 years want me to double it double it
up run
and run twice right everybody good night
Lisey tomorrow good night Dan no this is
tomorrow
what yeah I said good night I'll see you
tomorrow this is the time I was talking
about but you'll see them tomorrow as
well
well I will see him again tomorrow but
when I see when I said there last night
I'll see you tomorrow
now is that time like we are they are
hearing me and right after seeing you
tomorrow it is tomorrow
for them it's yeah and for us Hey hey
guys we're here and tomorrow could check
out a video and when I sure I ran six
miles today by the way there isn't
