pretty pretty pretty pretty darn
precious what it is Katie letting
shaycarl got the cutest kids and maybe
up on YouTube making all the Vince and
if you don't know I'm gonna tell you
like this like this like son's heart got
all the girls on them
got him wondering how'd he get so
handsome okay and baby turn she got that
baby girl swag she can get a little
crazy just like her dad what a rock tart
I see you starting the walk hit that
snaky leg then he hit the driver prison
start with you whack girlfriend back
handspring it's a perfect in the first
that's immunity again for she first time
uh you know kind of I guess this is like
the nicest studio where are we having in
what is this color Studios where it's
siren studios okay so uh let's get this
photoshoot for Wired magazine castings
getting off shine up you're cheating on
your he has a normal girl that does his
hair she's a regular no this is a me
taking advantage of free things free
haircut you have to tip this guy don't
you know Big Dipper
he's a big tipper yeah they think I look
super cool in it so I'm gonna go what do
you guys think about this jacket I tell
the captain to prepare himself cuz when
I put this jacket on its gonna get 20
percent cooler yeah I know I just need
to carry a motorcycle humming around
with me what's up I got a motorcycle did
you know I have a motorcycle can't tell
look at this jacket it'll tell you I cut
it you guys I just dropped you
right on the ground I was like yeah I've
made a video every day for almost three
years and I dropped the freaking camera
these guys are shooting me right now or
Cyrus studios this one can make it the
magazine hey I'm I'm a Wired magazine
hey guys this is real right now
hey naked baby hey there's naked baby
with the setting shoes on oh ho tag by
the shirt dude you got refrigerator
Perry right there I'll give you a little
brother a hug no way bro say I'm out
here sucker
oh there's the babysitter hey everybody
what's going on we are here at surf shop
then though just get anywhere at the
printing place to get our calendars done
hi Ally
Ally's buying clothes I have positive
energy right now so positive success
she's got 30 bucks in her pocket so
anyways I'm here with Josh Josh say hi
you gauging your ears bro let's see what
do you got - now not sure alright so we
are here now at the with the email what
is it again tard pics tard pics at
gmail.com and we're right here looking
through all of your emails I realized I
didn't give you guys a very specific
direction of how we need to do these
pictures for the calendar okay for
instance Kate click on one of these
emails this one's from somebody this is
a picture of somebody doing a backflip
off of a cliff that's cool I love doing
backflips off cliffs I love when you
guys do backflips off cliffs I love when
your random uncle does a backflip off
the cliff
we can't put that in the in the calendar
that's not gonna work in the kit sorry
brother dude I'm vlogging here your vlog
bombing me cuz what bomb and me can you
believe the nerve of some people
anyway so we can't use this picture
we're not using nothing so thanks for
the email of somebody doing a backflip
off the cliff but we're not can use a
picture so let's show them a better
example of a picture we're gonna use oh
this girl loves the Shaytards
I want to use her picture so something
like that you guys something that has
our name and I mean cuz we're all
self-centered it has to be about us show
us some other ones there's some really
good ones so whoever's that is we're
gonna use yours he was actually just
showing me how he would use it and okay
here's a good example this girl has our
picture on our picture that's a teacher
Josh I'm silly she sent us pictures of
us of her weariness Shaytards PDMP so we
can use that for instance okay so let's
go to the calendar design and show them
how we're gonna do it exactly so now
that you guys kind of have the idea it
could be a picture of rock card with
your little face in there you could put
a graphic in there but something shade
heart-related with your guys's twist on
it it could be a picture of you it could
be some
picture that you drew anyway so here's
an example because the calendar like the
dates are gonna be right here and then
up along the route of the border are
gonna be pictures like she sent but the
problem is explain this situation okay
so if you send a horizontal picture this
is an example it would look like this
all your pictures have to fit within
this border so if you sent a horizontal
picture was gonna be stretched like this
right research it I would have to fit it
into the border and I would have to cram
it down I'm gonna fit within this for so
which one looks better this one or this
one so we're working with basically it's
like a one inch but my one is one by one
right it would have to sit they can look
like it'll look better nice if you can
make the picture spin to a one inch by
one inch that's basically the size of
your guyses pictures because these
calendars are 12 inches by 12 inches big
yeah the whole thing so if they're gonna
be like one inch by one inch pictures of
your guys is going around vertical
prefer to go okay around the actual date
show do you have a mock up a little bit
let's just give me a little snake snake
snake so keep sending your pictures you
guys at tard pics at gmail.com and Brad
put a thing there's kind of like the
calendars gonna be like this and then
your pictures are gonna go all around
the side here right so like one inch by
one inch going on all around the side of
the twelve months so how many are we
gonna be able to fit one two three five
seven like twenty one pictures maybe
maybe twenty one or twenty one pictures
per page what's 20 times 12 it's 240 so
we're basically only gonna be able to
use slightly 240 of your guys's pictures
so we're gonna use the very best right
so 240 of you won't be in the calendar
if we're doing big images so that way
they would take them about that much if
they're smaller we can do is we can do
doubles they do a collage or something
yeah yeah
so we'll see we'll figure
what looks best design-wise but you guys
if you want to you know send it at
arctic tar pics at gmail.com gonna get
your in the calendar make sure I have
something to do with che tar
yes perfect alright thanks Josh we got
that explained now we'll get some good
pictures in here calendar coming soon
2009 well we're in the pass bro I was
luck batter in 2009 let's not go back
there dude
Justin Timberlake is in the movies now
I've heard that he doesn't really want
to be a musician he wants to be more an
actress I see you JD dr. Timberlake
there's no time being dawn Justin
Timberlake it's only got 24 years what
would he do
Justin Timberlake in a movie he's good
though actually he's funny too every
time I see him on Saturday Night Live or
Conan he's always funny he always has
some funny you know they always do some
funny skin or band or stupid stuff he's
pretty talented young man I feel like he
knows that he can come back and drop
another record or another single any
freaking day he wants I feel like he
wants to just go into acting for a while
and become like a movie star then after
he's been and probably you know a good
number of movies he's like a big movie
star also no-bake Justin Timberlake's
new album and it would be like oh my
uses me like BAM
rich I'm rich and famous on every aspect
Hey that's what he's gonna do it he's
smart he's talented he can do it who
knew the kid from what was the
Backstreet Boys how insane sink and sink
I forget all those the only ones I care
about her kids on the block step by step
whoo baby wait you know kid on the block
were my freakin that was I was sick
Backstreet Boys yeah they're good too I
was older that the very first boy band I
knew was the
on the blog and Ketu mkto be anyways
Justin Timberlake shout out at you
you're super mad talented bro yeah say
about that today I was actually more of
a Hanson type of guy myself but you know
to each their own so right now shaycarl
is shooting epic Rap Battles of History
wit nicepeter and I am NOT there and he
is not here so I'm doing end slate and
blah Blee blah blah I can try to do an
impression of him but it's not very good
so far all I have is hey I'm Jay Karl I
got four kids I don't know I didn't work
on it yeah so click on yesterday's vlog
if you haven't seen it he dances in a
post office and mystery video it is
mysterious and also pretty funny anyways
I'll talk to you later
Bret the intern mouth bye forever or
just till tomorrow right
