Oh
say
oh it's a mammoth heart in the music
studio are we doing today mom we're
doing a podcast
what's a podcast well you see a podcast
is something where you get to listen to
but it's not a kind of like a radio show
on the internet that you can download
and listen to whatever you want yes
why are we doing a podcast cuz it's fun
it is I almost feel like it's just like
gonna be good for our relationship it is
last laugh it was a good time right oh
no no kids and the name of our podcasts
have we decided on this for sure what is
it you've decided up I don't think it's
cool when the kid is it after the kids
go to sleep when the kids go to sleep
what's better after the kids go to bed
let's call that after the kids what
about you the kids good when the kids
after them what do you guys think leave
comments below but that's gonna be the
name of our podcast so here we are in
the music studio what Shaytards after
dark sexy edition with Rafael I need
roster we got a show we're gonna show
Rob's hair so we've done one of these
already we haven't put it up yet they
will put it up today I think I think we
should put that first one up today cuz
we have a Stewart working on our website
and they're gonna be on our website
here's where we do it but do we show
this I can probably show this or not hey
dudes these guys are setting up their
shooting I'm shooting them shooting hey
dude students no matter I just recently
learned what meta meant actually how
meta is that it's like what does meta
mean anyway so look at our chairs this
is mommy are we gonna say staying the
same yeah I got to be on this left chair
honey I call this one that one's mine so
like this is my site don't touch my side
no meter that's her those are her
controls he's in my control so pump
we're waiting for our sound dude he's
stuck in traffic and we're gonna get
shooting on this thing cool dog straight
trippin yo no pouting this is a no
pouting situation all right so
apparently there's some fighting and the
ranks among the cousins it's true grumpy
who's fighting amongst these these
people who is it centaur what what
karate room was clean but done
unengaging Cooper muscled up and I don't
want to show you a film because okay
it's a hurricane like there's a
hurricane implode like that so you're
accusing them of cleaning your your
bedroom you're accusing them of messing
it up that's why I'm asking you you're
accusing them of messing up your room
all right so how did this get into a
fight with Braley what do you say
princess tard all right well okay so no
fighting there's gonna be no carving of
the pumpkins tonight
no there's fighting we're supposed to
have a joyous family activity I don't
know I think we might have to take the
pumpkins to take them back to the store
okay I want you guys to hug hug right
now
everybody hug and kiss hug everyone has
to kiss on the lips
what Rose no more fighting no more
fighting we're gonna throw the pumpkins
away oh hello everybody here's a life
update for you hey we're taking D shirts
did the Postal Service know is listening
on AM radio the other day when I was
backing aDNA house I got a lot of
conservative AM radio they're not I hope
they're talking about how the Postal
Service is gonna like go out of business
basically like what will replace the
private stuff like you know like like
APs and FedEx and stuff basically cuz
the way the government's running it is
it's totally like bankrupt like mail
trucks are gonna have to start like
putting advertising on the side of their
mail trucks bring up the government
there's a fish officer right in front of
us it's an undercover cop and if I were
vlogging if I had the camera then this
would be illegal as you're driving cuz
I'm driving I am it's just like talking
on the phone is that another I'm
tripping the trip yeah this is police in
intercept or taillights a police in Ursa
turns get on defense anyways we are
going to the post office these are the
shirts that we are sending to all the
people on the iPhone card how many do we
have here dude we're giving out like one
- I have three four five six for the
traumas 10 plus 4 6 plus 4 is 10 you
still need to send us your addresses
address will have a list of people who
yeah because we have like four like
blank packages and we don't know where
to send Syria so we're not gonna try too
hard we have to try too hard then we'll
just give them to somebody else you guys
we're going to the post office right now
to mail these guys to you and for the
people who have gotten some of them
thanks for the pictures you open it I'll
be sure to send us pictures if you get
well yeah yeah so here's pictures of
people who have sent it reg received now
hi guys wanna win a shirt hey did not
know who I was probably a boy they
thought I was psycho why would they be I
just cuz I'm filming them out of the
side of a Cardinale way all right
not the intern 'mobile guys taking these
packages oh did you get yours soon
no ally has international oh why should
send out 12 because she is too it oh
sweet okay so we're sending out yeah how
many international three oh we have two
one to Ireland one to Portugal right now
I thought we're gonna pick
non-international those are the
expensive snow we had to because you
chose I think one of the person one of
the somebody was sent was a big man
after wrap bill but the one girl she
said thanks for spending nine dollars
and sixty cents on something that
England hickeys girl secret world you
have something we guys going with all
your sing is running away from home
where you going I'll go to laundry you
don't still opposed to do you steal
those are those mine no those are my
shorts right there now Kate ones those
are mine you stole my shorts you guys
want to sure I'm giving away shirt let's
just give them all Tibet but we don't
have posted normal guys check this out
on YouTube bro you watch YouTube watch
Shaytards on YouTube okay hey cards wait
who do you watch on YouTube how we get
subscribers I'm curious right now who do
you watch on YouTube what do you watch
Enrique Iglesias pretty good
you're like Ricky Figaro Ellie no I like
daddy I see you Arthur musician check
out shaycarl on youtube check out
YouTube nice people
that's our drivers wait harass young
ladies on the site on the side of the
street and out that's a-rod's fabulous
we're just as good as Enrique Iglesias
you're like terrified up
like Ron ran the paisie man with a kid I
took the post office closes and we gonna
at riffs seven minutes yeah we better
get in there run room I'm gonna make it
I ran nine miles by the way every time
he tells a story it started up at 7:00
he's like I ready eight miles
I read 9.2 I ran 13 miles it was eight
points Noblet you can round it anonymous
yeah big around not a 9 inch dude I
won't hate on you Oh true there's no
line just easy cheesy all right see you
guys in there
bye what is we're talking about the
Nutcracker Oh and what does a loop dum
bum bum ain't gonna close up shave very
good
but I'm fun I'm fun oh sorry
do you ever be normal shape please
always watch the Nutcracker I'm going to
slay all right five ever rocked our
what's going on upstairs do you know get
the lowdown on what's going on in the
upstairs portion of the house you have
any idea
hey baby chart is clean going on up
there cager is any cleaning going on
edgers won't forget their cleaning you
got underneath your nose watch a little
Monday Night Football
we ordered some sushi Casey's eating a
cucumber of an apple Hayley just got
done shooting peanut butter and jams and
maker studios what song did you pick you
guys haven't met yet she's like been
over here like so many times she's like
our best friend we're gonna find him
yes or did he come over hey Britney and
already also want to paint the kids
faces for Halloween
the makeup artists of maker studios you
want Brittany and Artie there so they're
going to pay you like a princess so
under that remember the girls a major
trophy for that video we made and you
want the race all right another crazy
night of the shades are kanessa my
apples and caramel I think there is in
there some dancing going on we ordered
sushi KC's walking around like a
lumberjack in his red flat shirt that I
got an invoke seven days brother no no
it's just crazy you haven't just be
louder who's allowed a major w eyes
where you've been all my life where you
been all my life
how was karate today was it fun show me
one thing you learned how to do can you
show me one trick that you learn you
learn how to pick your nose let a double
black belt no second KC your son's got a
double black belt nose pick it's you
I'll just try got a yellows no way
princess door mirror little yellow
stripe princess did you get oh you got a
yellow stripe tune in sure I have a
yellow stripe congratulations I heard
you got a yellow stripe on your karate
belt good job I'm proud of you what did
you do to get it clear let me see your
kit what is this yellow striped white
belt kind of kicked can you do let's see
it
Center that Sears that was a good one
that was really good one let's see Sun
turns Karate Kid eat your heart out
Casey let's see your kkeok kicks your
stance yeah didn't let's see it um
don't pull anything what are y'all mm
pressive it was like a buff that was
like shot above my head yeah play that
in slo-mo Brett right now do it let's
see dude I dare you punch of all the
attacks gay thing yeah come on all the
troops send them all in yeah all troops
on Casey
everybody we need everyone's help
just another Monday night at the
Shaytards house
what a crazy way to grow up on guys then
we got the Sister Wives in the kitchen
are you hiding back there eating daily
Oh can't be choking on the Shaytards
dinner's almost here babe like it's
doing I'm going to the store if you want
to see the rest of you'll have to go to
my channel and then all right because
we're carving pumpkins I'm gonna tell
you about why our Van Gorder and that
he's interested on the story come here
come with me great perfect what is it I
don't want to go all the way up there oh
that sounds like a lot of work oh my
goodness
alright hustle we're going up the stairs
to look at something I don't like to
come up in this section in a house
usually because it's a giant mess snap
what is it here are you guys making a
haunted house and you just broke the
handle is it tied out oh my god I know
this looks like to me um yep a giant
mess so this is you guys's Clubhouse
it's your Clubhouse dude what is this
forgot to clean theirs
yeah you think it's a little dirty to me
oh you're a boy aren't you weren't you
in the boy Clubhouse yes well you better
get in there and clean it up dude
alright get it cleaned up Clubhouse crew
alright good job
maybe we'll do a haunted house here or
something such a mess look at this I
yell um you guys I tried I yell at him I
beat them I love on my hug um we play
games we try everything you know I mean
I seriously just keep the rooms clean
they can't do it it's like a
never-ending Oh what do you parents do I
know we just try and dry I'm gonna feed
him again I like that that one's fun a
slaughtered spaghetti
pain treatment Brown Harlow I just put
some here put some there let's um hang
off my lid I like to keep a piece on my
top left temple at all times
and I'm thinking about scraping all this
off in here
yeah Louie he's always back there behind
me how you gonna help out Rock turn I
think you're ready for the kill huh
ready to swoop in at a moment's notice
nice backwards jump rub seen here ladies
and gentlemen omen here anyways back to
the noodles remember that day that time
you had noodles no rhyme or reason huh
just stuff them all in at one time don't
want those fat kid hey kid hey chubby
boy ready for those which club and Belle
hey this is great
that's look you got oh face number one
face number two go ski pants with the
flower and this was baby charts addition
to your pumpkin with in it she's a
booger so that's awesome great idea to
put multiple faces on it then you can
turn it to whichever face you're in the
mood for that day right where are you
gonna put it in your house gonna put it
in your room put in your window outside
outside awesome put it in your back
enjoy your buddy Chris your back yeah
yeah yeah and then right and then forget
about it and then in four months we'll
find it when it starts Mary that's Queen
Mary uh-huh they've been really excited
about the Queen Mary lately because we
went down to Long Beach and they have
the giant Queen Mary boat and it's
supposedly haunted so we're telling them
all about that and they're really
excited about it now scary
okay so right now me and Casey are gonna
see who's know it is careful I was just
teasing Casey cuz we ordered sushi of me
and we're both like we tried to be I was
like one every three that you whatever
why I said you look way fatter than me
right now I guarantee you that way
listen you know Mike yesterday he said
this to me so I'm like okay let's go
away ourselves music hubby I'm what 5
pounds listen you swimming in guess what
you happy here
he was less 2 pounds heavier now ok I
know good way this way
take on the scale right now I went to
the gym with you guys today when it
debuted my way to 10.2 and I'm not to
get anything out of my pockets I think
so don't take anything out of your
pockets I got my camera right up I would
like three pounds less in him yesterday
and I went to the gym today the other
scale tubby
what do you weigh 210 point towards me
oh like identical twins look we weigh
exactly on same light look at it
allegedly I think I look thinner down
that's crazy
weight then here's better there I
weighed 4 pounds less history oh wow so
you have something on your button can
you guys see that
he's something I was but not and cut
it's like she can't stop staring away
but lately you know a guy tries to jog
every so often and then all Sun
everybody's staring at his butt or
there's just something on her but she
wants needs I just tell you that look at
that cute little baby lucky didn't fall
out and break his neck your father
hey shut your mouth rocked hard by the
way you guys work excepting your
pictures now if you guys want to be in
the calendar send them to tard pics at
gmail.com that's hard fix a gmail
account EA already belittled you mother
come get a free shirt bye
