Shh okay sir we have their parts Dale
okay rock hard
you have the choreography don't forget
here we go ready no are you ready cuz
that's my get Maury really cool
place where we have the Hollywood what
is this place
hi let's go come with us you guys want
to come let's go come on stop I thought
everybody if I'm pretending to go my
beard with this video starts hi I'm
Brendan with little babies off muscles
like strong daddies do you know how it
gets when you want to just dance like
dancing we are in the music lab
recording our cartoon I remember it well
like it was yesterday
this little piggy got bitten off by
daddy no I don't get my eyebrows done
does it look like it yeah I look
handsome are you mad hold on I got a
direct fit action Dancing with the Stars
oh I am with a male dancer everybody I
don't know do I look mad the girls just
informed me that they cannot play
outside because there's a snake now do I
look mad what do I do if you guys never
watched the show turns blogs they're
gonna take your foot and smash it with a
hammer I will bring you guys along don't
worry you're not gonna miss it those are
the moments that are fun but they also
give me a little bit of anxiety that's
wonderful because we have to read a
whole okay I will stop I will not break
your heart I sit down my computer to see
hey dude you ready cool we're gonna be
doing a science project using diet coke
and mentos
and see why they brush your teeth he's
tired Gavin was sitting next to Emmys
doll uh-huh we made fun of a minute
looked funny ah and today we're gonna
redo me what you have done so far today
you're reading a naptime story what are
you reading there for Doris Ritter right
so Ava's not gonna get dropped on the
head holy what do you guys think you are
so beautiful you do not need much sorry
dad
so far none of those worked so this one
will be well the one that next time I
think it's gonna work venture stakes
that are poisonous are there real snakes
that are poisonous yes
you like it let's see yours sooo
beautiful butterfly beautiful flower how
do they how are they made
today's for poisoning oh no they bite
you and they have little holes in their
teeth that squirt poison inside of your
bite if they bite you without sound
scary doesn't it oh I love it it's just
nice see reality yeah let's see you
rinse and spit woah that's a cool move
very good okay sit good job good faith
yeah okay lay down ready just a cool
family you say hello hello say hello
fireman oh yeah that's the clothes and
I'm gonna eat you
the doctors got it check it out baby
come on little man tell my red school
days you gotta have just look like and
oh it looks very cool oh it's a new one
be good to each other who's that guy
who's you what's your name - hey excuse
me you can't do a muscle up cuz you're a
weak little baby
Jackson's a champion he's doing double
thumb words right now in the car
how is taking a baby to school I don't
think you're allowed to have babies at
school you own this
say please you missed your khaki pants
okay you better tell enough you don't
want to eat your mac and cheese you talk
nosy oh well just had dinner you don't
hit thief he's not an medieval dragon
this is my youtube story this made me
feel very nostalgic thinking back on my
youtube Ness or how I've come to where I
am now they return hey get in bed come
on let's go okay so my youtube story
starts before I was even on YouTube you
can't form the words to express how
amazing this is and and what what an
amazing thing YouTube is
it can it can all die tomorrow and I
would I would I would have a million
memories and a million friends and a
million you know amazing opportunities
that I've had because of this and I
thank all of you this is getting so
happy but I hope it continues forever to
me it's still too good to be true
it literally is still too good to
actually be reality I'm going to wake up
tomorrow morning to my five o'clock
alarm to have to go polish granite again
can't even form the words to express the
gratitude that comes from being able to
do this and share our lives you know
with you guys and I appreciate you guys
watching and being a part of it okay so
that is my youtube story and hopefully
there'll be a lot more to come Jesus I
post long ago children too
now kiss me
let me try Elspeth some say that is
Oh
all righty then
that was our song you guys he you're
gonna get soaking wet yes
