it's Sunday and the boys are playing
outside this is what they're doing
this looks really precarious m'dear what
are you doing hi you did save it do you
want to like just climb through the
bushes and find the other six balls that
are over there oh don't break his trees
so can you tell you what you were
planning on going with the room you're
gonna sweep it out of the tree from the
alleyway I wish you guys had
smell-o-vision because it smells like a
fall evening a faint fire smell on the
air so good
did he get it
I don't dare walk over there I'm gonna
get hit in the head I think that's funny
to see how creative the guys can get
when they don't have a big enough space
to play football they get really
creative or if they can throw it do you
remember playing that game you in the
house oh geez he's getting quieter and
quieter watch watch watch more it'll
come flying over the house you gotta be
ready
Shane you want me to film this what yeah
watch the ball oh there are a lot of
cars out there I'm just I'm just blindly
just chucking out over the well don't
hit the neighbors in the head read a
trailer that's fun
stuff as a kid I did read a
oh it landed over there somewhere
oh there's another ball gone go get it
oh right a park in Long Beach KC and
Cooper are coming in today they're
coming in and we're a little early so we
stopped at this Park in Long Beach a
nice little perk you're all the girls
swing in mommy tarde is wearing fun
cards electric out what up hottest chick
at the park here my girlfriend
remember the days when people used to
push me are you gonna push me you will
if I go sitting that swing when you push
me okay what are you gonna do for me if
I push you what dad's gonna push us No
oh sorry those lucky fat guys I remember
hey what are you saying dude it was over
here just swinging like this your baby
is getting double play
huh
two times the first one ripped it a
little bit the same just tore it all
down
we're playing a little kickball now say
that's all she does is she likes to like
shoulders hey you guys should go check
out my newest video I'm just talking
about how she got a pink carpet to hang
in the background for the background of
that basically I just ran around the
office and found anything pink because I
had to be wearing paint her hair it
looks like she just stuck her finger in
and lectures lot better than listen so
right now
