you are not watching the Shaytards flock
just sit back
the pink cake does
because in
Kurian
all righty it's another day here at the
Shaytards what do you guys think about
this look like this hairdo it's very
feel like I'm liking tombstone why Janet
I love this beard when's the beard
coming on I'm holding on to it when
probably I don't have a definite date
yet I know you guys wanted to come on I
still don't have a definite date well I
just got done combing it to look at him
these last days last days here on this
earth just enjoy him first a few more
weeks everybody come on look at him he's
been through so much I know I heard the
term of my love and never felt this way
before yes I swear big montage and it's
true and I owe it all to you today I
want you he's a baby with you he doesn't
know what to do he doesn't know what to
do what to do what are you doing you
looking for some crayons are they
upstairs all right blondie locks hey one
shoe
where's ya at that shoe you know what
I'm not sure if we've done like a survey
of if it's left or right but it is
always one shoe he'll run up to us and
hand us the shoe like hey hey put this
on me do some push-ups go all right
kitty face punkin on the head I love you
my darling my darling goodbye darling my
darling my ahaha ringing goodbye my
darling bye my darling
what you're doing out here
what are you been doing out here uh
khalsa blah blah that's your new
nickname by the way no I don't really
want to well I probably want to see you
Wow
that's a nice necklace who bought that
for you I did it was expensive yes you
better how much I pay for that or my
nation for that remember tell that tacky
oh so tacky so yes pretty much the best
way ever yeah Clavin in my tree house or
I gotta go
daddy's gonna go do a video shoot with
Timothy DeLaGhetto okay bye bye what boo
boo okay see you real soon know you're
not supposed to use your karate outside
the classroom young lady only in defense
what's that little prayer thing that you
guys say at the very end but you're like
I'll only use it what do you say there I
am
hook 10 hook I'm attention saundra what
do you say at the end of your karate
class when it's like I will only use my
karate in case of emergency or what is
that you guys got to memorize that
because you're saying it at the end all
right okay bye I love you I'll give you
a kiss in your dreams
hey guys there's something that I've
been meaning to talk to you guys
especially to you ladies out there I
know that I've been losing all this
weight but not exercising a lot of it in
the Sun you know I've been getting a
little bit tanner and skinnier and I
know a lot of you ladies starting to
notice what a handsome gentleman I am
yeah that's right mama Todd she got
lucky today I got out of the shower and
uh mommy tarted says she goes look at
you you look skinny I said yeah it's the
husband that you married it's coming
back to you she's like no it's a
different one I was like yeah it's a lot
it's one with a lot bigger debit car
anyways that we are sexually happy and
all this out Brett okay I'm headed to
make your studios right now speaking of
that kind of stuff I'm going to film
with Timothy DeLaGhetto and we have a
shoot that we're gonna go do then it's
pretty funny it's just really really
short I'm playing a doctor so we got to
go shoot it on there I think on the
green screen the maker and I hope that
they have a like a doctor outfit I don't
know if they want me to be like suit and
tie doctor or like scrubs doctor so
hopefully they have an outfit for me
because I none of my clothes fit me
anymore this shirt fits me kind of you
know everything else is too huge-mongous
that's why I'm doing the free shirt give
I'm vlogging this vlogging behind the
scenes to be funny everybody be 20%
funnier melee go that's stupid I was not
funny
what are you doing Ricky something funny
I'm like what do you mean first day I've
seen this as a production court I don't
know what that means but dude
congratulation man just title you guys
production coordinator over here I want
everything production coordinated ASAP
Arthur are you production coordinating
see part you put some c4 on that dude
oh this seven was his layups in the clip
in clear words Omar this is usually
history
alright Soren set today here's a baby
it's a baby skit I'm a doctor this is
worse
Timothy C late or am i early he's late
he's always late he's always be talking
to him ho yo sir this is the set
basically who built this who build this
stuff we are about to shoot and I'm the
doctor does it open
opening because we I have to throw the
baby out of it right well you don't oh
he does right yes they do much you give
it away Neely give it away give it away
now you guys check it out so here I am
I'm maker studios about to shoot this
thing and check out what I just found
for Katy let's a show do not touch or
the moms will beat you up wrote this I
wonder if my wife wrote that honey
did you write that Fred be sure to ask
if Katy let did that texture or
something anyways what a brat look she
tapes off her chair like nobody touch
this is mommy turns purple a chair oh
you're being trouble guess what oh yeah
alright last time you saw me a sitting
like this I was on a surfboard in the
middle of the ocean
no color your eyes Mia green can't you
tell oh they are yes look who showed up
to set dr. de la ghetto to the front
floor oh it's an operation with this
okay I gotta go do a run-through guys
dr. Shay I'm vlogging broken okay what
is going on in here sides babies you
cleaning the room finally dude I've been
in here I've been working a full long
day
on the road what Oh what are you talking
about here's what happened to school
today let me tell you the story of what
happened at school today I want to hear
it pull that out there on Fridays they
have been selling after school for $1
apples with caramel whipped cream and
nuts it's like everybody gets out of
school everybody just comes up to the
table there's no line and there's no
rhyme or reason everybody's shoving so
you don't get a really good caramel
apple so you said you would make
something all right let's go I want it's
Friday night let's do some caramel
apples ride a knight there we are in the
cust go on a Friday night if we do it
right we'll do it large son yes Friday
night we had a party and we're gonna
party lazy crazy party people what what
G word money son freaking cool like that
on a Friday night looking at well cook
Dungeness crab water father you know the
pan you know how we do zoo yeah you you
you how about I smack in the face what
do you would not that it's unauthorized
karate usage I'm about to about country
right I'll see this right there yeah
punch to the face you kicked me I
punched you that's how things work
around here I'll smack you right in your
face dude we're Costco on a Friday night
it's so exciting but you wish you're
here but you do
whoa there's so much pie what will we do
or how my parents come down for
Thanksgiving right don't you think
that's what we should do swing uh me
together
Oh making out with the baby I don't know
it's Friday night keep the making out
your minimum okay only about to make out
what yeah there's a giant pumpkin pies
right here look there's a great example
of a pumpkin pie delicious food it's
right around the corner on the phone do
it you're doing deals he's texting yes
to reroute this call over to the for
that last email I just move right in the
but I fix you now that's it all right
the owner race let's race wait we're
going this way you lose Oh crash hello
who is it
it was screaming dad far away turn on
the camera
hi-oh hung up dude
this this shirt who knows this shirt has
Mary moppets this is the shirt that I
had when I was this kids age this was my
shirt and all my kids have worn it and
now my little youngest is wearing
Michael everybody loves too much that's
the problem
we all love him too much facepalm hello
kitty
yeah it's gobble on over that way Oh get
it you all right yep we've been running
over toes all night long you all right
dude yeah take it off the phone for two
seconds man fresh outside woods Mike
tonight
no I have to buy all the other stuff
work make a confession
I've never made a poor tomato with Casey
I've only watched it being made don't
wanna do it menu you say a dad died uh I
got the cutest family here oh I can open
your eyes go the wander by Wow
that's great for eating hotdogs at
Costco you already get your salad yeah
but to order that I have to go back
actually I forgot
the trouble all right no loss fail dawn
dawn dawn dawn dawn chocolate shakes and
half a pound of cheese on the pizza for
dinner baby turns over here she's doing
the classic girl thing
or she's patting off the grease she has
her little thing and then she folds it
over and she Pat's off the grease with
her napkin I remember my friend Amy her
thumb first time I saw her do that
she used to blot I'm like what are you
doing I'm getting all the grease top I'm
like that's the best part why would you
do that anyways we definitely failed
shayloss I didn't care I ate abundantly
I don't have to really exercise hard
tomorrow I did run five and a half miles
today that is good but this happens
sometimes it's good just to let it go
you know Rock turn you know just go
crazy sometimes cra-z why doing dude he
just wants his freedom that's all he
wants how's your Friday night
waiting in a bow
today you did go to school today but you
don't have to go to school tomorrow
because tonight it's Friday night
tomorrow Saturday and Sunday comes
afterwards no Rebecca Black
are you kidding the classic I am
embarrassed to be on this end slate I
was just gonna do it by myself but I'm
so glad I did not RSVP for this end
slate because if I would have I would
have said and oh well I am forcing you t
oh no oh god I got me and centaur doing
some gymnastic until he falls and bam
yeah he's pretty tough kid yeah he
hasn't broken yet and I'm really glad
for that hey jerk why'd you put that in
yesterday I know that's great get a free
shirt
