you are not watching the Shaytards flock
just sit back
the pink cake does
because in
Kurian
okay what are we looking at where is it
Oh in the very back I see it you know
what the state flower is for Idaho I
mean the state bird is right I hope that
that mountain Bluebird
now that bird out there looks like it's
a mountain Bluebird the line you all sir
footage I scare you guys you guys are
being too slow bro why would you throw
why would you throw it your father
tagged in the head bro oh snap
stop you Shh your face should
sheesh sheesh really give me five too
slow if I'm really oh nice really that
was I was hilarious and they hold the
ball then on the count to three and then
get it thrown at you but you can run if
you dodge it I'll give you a dollar if I
throw it at you I'm gonna I'm gonna say
one two three and I won't
I won't throw it and tell you until I
get to three and I'm gonna throw it and
if you if I miss you then I'll pay you a
dollar but if I hit you I just get the
satisfaction save your money dude save
your money but I get to hit you I'm if I
pay a dog okay ready
what's bringing around one two three oh
you want to go double or nothing okay go
get the ball double or nothing so it's a
beautiful Thursday afternoon out here in
the backyard
hey Carly yeah Carly is Stu Lowe's come
over here come on we'll play dodge ball
where you going right now you're going
to work out
that's all you ever do anyways no I get
one for I get the throne okay ready okay
right there
that's an over-exaggeration go Oh almost
caught it
forgot your turn okay ready you can't
hide behind the pole though listen I'm
gonna stand right here and you have to
run out in the yard that way ready one
two three
oh did I hit your shoulder do you I did
Tripler nothing
okay here's what this means dude if I
miss you again then I owe you three
bucks but if I hit you then I don't owe
you any understand okay it's triple or
nothing no dude this is my money dawg
can we bet with my money all right ready
one two three oh I got you yeah want to
go again so I haven't really had a
satisfying tag in the back of the head
yet this is the best money I've ever
spent
okay ready is this $4 ready go one two
three Oh
oh nice dodge dude you dive ducked and
dodged that ball right out of the
ballpark
okay you mean double or nothing well
it's not really double or nothing you
already won a dollar what I am saying
double or nothing to you so it's two
dollars or I owe you nothing bang ready
here we got one two three I nicked your
back dude that was that was it a good
dodge again though hey one more time
I'll bet you go ten bucks on this one a
Hamilton you ready one two three boom
Shakalaka
yummy ten bucks and you have to eat all
the dog poop out here that was part of
the bet you didn't read the read to the
dotted lines dude hey but seriously
check out your chores back there they're
waiting for you get to it can't bro him
y'all hate you one more time Oh Oh Caleb
really hate you girls rule boys drool
dude she tagged
she tagged you I've embarrassed to be a
boy right now you look like oh you're
like what's her name snow white with
your Apple you're like Little Red Riding
Hood Snow White and the wolf all in one
Jeff minute school today major rager we
doing your windows somebody said that
name would you say it don't say his name
don't say his name carmine why do you
say that why do you say that to you is
he really yeah why does he get in
trouble a lot
and then sounds adventurous and then
he's had naughty works to another kid
like with Hanna naughty words he just
says he's miss maybe misunderstood a bit
okay well we'd yes are you still nice to
him though see look we got a little
carmine of our own this guy is always
getting in trouble he's the worst kid in
the class okay ready
I'm gonna tag you one more time and then
you have to clean up the dog crap are
you ready listen I am such a good father
I'm willing to hit this this ball on the
back of your head and after that you
have to play the dog crap ready go
boom-shaka-laka
get on the Popo me and that ladies
gentlemen is how you parent Hey I think
it's time for a bath dude why are you
just out and just like crawling through
the mud oh my god you are a dirty
monster baby butt monster baby who will
take out all of the world is dirty
greasy oh you're so precious though no
bulk head butt and butt okay dad take a
bath
you ready I'll take a bath shut the
window or something a bath
yeah that time that time it that time
bathtime
it's bathtime bitch bad time it's that
time do I uh do I appear to be a hairy
gentleman if you were to stumble upon me
on the street would you look at me and
say that man there he's a hairy
gentleman that the is that the
hypothesis that you would concur you
would concur that I was indeed a hairy
gentleman you concurred the conclusion
what if I told you about concurring the
conclusion how many times
sundered if I've ever said it what if I
said never concur the conclusion haven't
I how long is it true or not how many
times have I concurred the conclusion
that's it I'm gonna concur your
conclusion right oh thank you mister
thingamajigger what happened it sorry I
DS my Genet mind powers and have that
door fling out and hit you in the knee
yeah I'm pretty pretty tricky is that
really hurt all right so we're say a
prayer and go to bed yes ready
oh we're eating bugs yeah we is the
rocky rock face a sleepy sleep that's
success I think we have the footage
Brett well just go ahead and play that
back right now
and then cheating in a scratch yeah
let's see dude we're gonna call you
Scarface
Scarface McGillicuddy but Trevor says
his new name heat rash you are so sure
you're an ale at a old child I think you
need to retire dude from being a kid
you're the haircut to top it all off
Bush head I'm gonna call you Bush head I
guess I can't really talk though I'm
flapper head that's one of my favorite
things I got out of the shower I like to
go like this yeah you mean like sexy
like hey ladies come on what do you
think do I look like a dog what do I
look sexy come on you get a minute right
no you I'm gonna shave right now okay
right now we do it let's go right now
ready no no not yet like it's really
grown to me okay so we are picking a
picture for the calendar it's down to
these two for one of the things we're
doing you guys what do you think the one
on the left or the one on the right okay
choose I think I think the one on the
rights funnier I like I like this one I
like just like there's more happening
look his fingers or my nose he's got a
great face that one's funny too oh it's
just so tough but just so much
adorableness how do you choose from all
this the door I know that's why I gave
you this job cheers the deaf buggers
that's like I don't care they're all
cute you just pick what you ever want is
sync yeah cool all right
no more tricks I'm tired yes okay it
started weird film hey Prince Turki you
be the cameraman Hey okay great thank
you guys just look straight forward keep
your legs keep legs together and strip
see the back lip on the couch - baby
turn move out of the way all right girl
let's it one more minute what are we
gonna do let's have a serious
conversation baby turn this has been a
long going thing now I mean it's been
like a year two years how long has it
been that's a little long what are you
gonna stop just give me just let me know
you can keep sucking your thumb but I
just want to know a date when do you
think you'll stop when you're five when
you're five years old you'll stop that's
how you're gonna commit - how old are
you right now you're four so when you
turn five we're gonna stop sucking your
thumb okay I guess for weight then you
want to sign a contract where did you
get that blonde hair
well maybe thar got it yours is kind of
blondish yours is very beautiful look
like your mom notified about it there's
a request to fight Pacquiao Mayweather
junk better handguns I dun da dun dun
dun gone dog whoa
pay-per-view 59.95 one night Oh Lu
crazies hey you're beautiful up the
telephones baby turd contract sign on
the dotted line here put your money
where your mouth is we're gonna have a
we're gonna have the guy that today is a
UPS store would have you do to us
notarized this you guys me and mommy
turn our wills notarized today our last
will and testament yeah isn't that crazy
and you know what we have to sign if if
we become a vegetable if we want yeah if
we want nutrition or water yeah he said
he said that they're gonna try
everything you know to save you but
there's nothing left you don't want to
be able I I want to die right we don't
want to like burden our children there
yeah Chuck you missed yeah but there's
absolutely no way to save us resuscitate
us then yeah they don't like hold the
plug hey guys we're telling you that
right now this is a pretty gruesome
conversation to have with a four year
old Hey here it is right here
baby's heart sign right here sign the
contract you're gonna stop sucking your
thumb when you turn five grab the marker
and sign it right there on the dotted
line we don't have time for your lawyers
to look over these contracts you're a
witness
you're a witness oh she asked the
fighter doesn't count
yes you don't have power of attorney bro
you got a power of attorney a power of
attorney
maybe sorry will you sign or not
all right everybody do not send her a
text wait your wife my wife or my
daughter born Oh boys they're not dating
till early you know I tried texting
Princess hard but she never responds to
it well it's cuz her terror iPhones that
Pete made out of cardboard well she has
an updated to the iOS 5 yet on cardboard
edition when she told me she had a
thousand GI I thought it only went up to
4G so I think she was lying get a free
shirt I am in trouble my wife's uh need
to get all my fashion Tyler because she
wants to redo the closet but we just
have to give more weight getting dirty
clothes in there okay come get his
shirts quick free shirt
