you are not watching the Shaytards
just sit back relax
the pink shade does what
memory and
de l'op√©ra Julia
when we clear
good morning what you eatin for
breakfast looks like a little uh manner
better on your face manners and yogurt
in there is that delicious breakfast for
you
is that we usually try to do you have
him sweeter what is this it's a medicine
I just chugged that bro is a Rockford
dosing his own medicine
he loves carrying this thing around does
it mommy tired he's odeon on his
medicine and he's makin Bahamut sandwich
that looks it's pretty humma delicious
it's the first time at made ones like
let's try something new what do you do
to it just eat it no no better a little
salt salt will fall pepper well salt and
pepper never hurt nobody so listen to
what a great husband I am you guys I
took my wife to get a couples massage
this morning mom I'm like exhausted so
I'm like not it not exhausting I'm
relaxed I'm just chill you know chill
yes that's how films like yeah it was
nice it was a little weird at first so
weird to you at all cuz she touch her
but she touched like a little mm-hmm
she did don't worried about that well I
knew she would it actually felt good I
think I store a lot of my stresses in my
luggage it's really big ah that's so
good actually good I think it's a nice
little punch nice little butt punch
to relieve the stress hey bud munchers I
just had a butt punch I don't gonna put
up with you but munchers anymore what
are you laughing at ah they run away bye
children
goodbye children hey how come you're not
at school you're a chalk thrower show me
some of the pictures you've drawn dude
don't break it that way you're not gonna
get any more chalk we're gonna disallow
the chalk usage in this house down 20
percent man that is that is beautiful
whatever is going on here yeah we saw
that
what are you doing row so say Li what
are we watching here oh it's like a
pretty amusing in the background hey you
can run here right yeah what means it
not some music nothing the piano can't
show too much to you guys that's uh
Katie let's new video talking about
breast cancer because it is October and
that's Breast Cancer Awareness Month if
you were watching the NFL you notice all
the NFL players are wearing the pink she
has her and her sisters are doing a
thing where Sadie's making beads you
guys remember if you watch slashers just
go watch her thing hey honey is that
going when's that going up yes you got a
sitter asked I don't want to get
scheduling wrong when are you putting
that video up tuts
today dayr tomorrow let's do it today
okay I'll put a link down below listen I
want ten push-ups for both you get out
and give me ten go let's see who can do
the best ten push-ups one keep your butt
up baby tard you down me ten two three
those are pathetic push-ups you guys
come on let me show some of you for
instance sheer tart here baby tart will
you fill me here if you guys can't do a
push-up everybody should be able to do
at least ten push-ups this is a modified
push-up if you've never done one you go
on your knees like this and it's a lot
easier like that see and then it's not
as hard or even could just like that lay
down like now that's like if you're
really pathetic you know just to get
those muscles you know used to push it
up and then when you're ready you go
like there's how many I do guys four
five six seven eight nine ten okay can
you guys doing like that keep your back
straight
let's see gauger let's see some real
push-up so let's see a man do some
push-ups
whoa oh dude that was sweet
did you even mean to do that I don't
think you
- I think you're actually a little
surprised that you just in the front
foot that was pretty cool dude nice
hi-yah you're like Karate Kid oh yeah oh
hello though that's not called for
hey karate it's not to kick you in the
balls II what where's princess heart
how's that girl I get was afraid not her
that there's what sister I think that's
her sin yeah
there she is push-up time
you get jealous quit next coach Kurata
that's karate oh that was a jugular
punch talking about this shake not
outside class so bro
how was karate you feel all centered now
did you kick your mom's butt do you
think you should think you should be
kicking your mom's butt was it kids get
a good workout all right nice job
you should sir karate dad you should be
a karate tonight all right maybe I'll
start doing that too dude that's like 12
13 14 15 push-ups in your karate game at
the bank
nice that's gross I'm stretching tell me
about karate today what'd you learn well
I did push-ups special did you do oh you
know this song please listen I can see
you crystal clear
sadly opened Oh No
sorry members burning no fever is and is
burning me of the dog that's crazy
I'm really impressed - coming - doesn't
want your help she has she has this line
thank you ready get out of town give it
I like those earrings
my ears are me thank you for covering
your you don't broham it bro dizzle you
climbing the tree hey when I jumped off
the tree yeah
your eyes are kind of blue how did you
guys get so blue hmm he jump right on
that train you lie to me you don't wanna
lie to be cool bro I told you that what
game it's called squish face that's
probably my face it's a favorite Johnny
everything that you guys look beautiful
today
beautiful faces
oh that's pretty adorable did pretty
adorable indeed the thing will climb up
there you got to climb up the tree all
right you guys have fun out here
drawing your Illuminati signals I've to
go answer the telephone hello everybody
we're picking out pictures all come and
I'm coming the telephones ringing
mom
come on bro
Oh
come on
mom
we just found rock tard laying on the
skateboard screaming here Bret film this
alright rocked are you ready to learn
how to ride a skateboard come here this
is how I taught your brothers and
sisters lay down lay down let your they
don't
oh okay Bret scoot back here he comes
ready got smile on his face
ready one two three
forward baby she is around the top come
on drew oh there's a chair I say cause
baby corner pocket
go all over the table Bret ready table
oh look how close up this this hand
saved your child that's as an air bag
it's a Bret air bag you are welcome
Shaytards I saved the little one right
here he's a baby Tony Hawk
oh okay I'll show you how to see okay
sounds like he's loving it you don't
like it you're allowing here Eddie
there you go he loves it let's see yeah
we'll see if he wants to do it some more
you just push it it you're adorable
you're adorable mr. surfboard abs man
che I think we need to talk Oh anyways
those sharks I know that's my hook a
shark research it it's a leopard tiger
or zebra shark they're it's all the same
thing the Lions of the sea so I'm
towards giving red shirts go get a free
shirt oh yeah I'm gonna turn today -
today - which one which one which is
gonna be big
you got a tuna to fly down a bite is
there I'm Tom Tom
