Oh
and the shame
all right hello and good morning we are
here at action water sports with what a
day apple on your door well why wouldn't
there be an apple in my door that's
where maybe chard leaves them so we are
gonna attempt for a little Shayla scene
this morning with Gretel and Derek to go
out on the ocean and try to navigate
some of these devices I'm gonna maybe
get a stand-up paddleboard it's like a
giant surfboard look at this shot yep
waves out in front of their shop dude
ride that wave go check out this one
hang ten figure this let's go in here
and see what we can get let's get some
equipment let's get out on the ocean
let's do some fun stuff I wanna look
like this guy dude check out those ABS
bro Yeah right that way hey guys still
worried Derek vlog for Shay Carl pees
already I'm gonna edit all this out oh
no no no you should keep this this is a
great family moment are you gonna get
him peeing he's being right on all these
pins not either I'm checking it good
it's gonna be here stay there butcher
Shay I'm gonna get really closer we'll
be able to hear what are we doing right
now we're gonna go uh
stand-up paddleboarding we were gonna go
kayaking which is much more fun no this
is gonna be fun of these guys are being
whoops are scared well I just want like
cold water I don't want to drop this
camera because we've never done this
before what we're gonna do is they're
basically giant surfboards that you
stand on and then you have a paddle to
paddle with we're gonna do that right
now and hopefully I don't drop the
camera in the water see your fins
digging into the sand to get it out deep
enough you help us this what's your name
dude this is Jacob right here Marina del
Rey come see him get a little tint right
here he's rinsed out these giant menthe
this is Oh at this twelve and a half
feet and then Derek's got the 11-foot
one cuz he's the lightest so you
literally just stand on top of these
boards and paddle and I'm bringing this
camera cuz I want to film this but if I
fall and break this flip I'm Madi you
guys it's your fault
hey kids how's it going hope you have a
good day
here we go Seville brat
okay paddle did I feel like Brent's give
you the water how's it been
you got it dude I just paddle use that
paddle get out there digging or Brett
they're walking on water
how's it feel of excited I'm so
mean of these guys wanted to do this but
I did I Oh Brett takes it early crashed
into the water okay here take up this
film needed ah shoot first attempt yep a
natural uh all right have a good one
you got it
hi Jacob he's going on guys I have a
good one guys
ok everybody
there are leopard sharks in this water
there's one right here this come right
under my boat
oh my gosh there's sting rides okay
there's okay oh my gosh hey guys I'm not
even joking dude there's like six of
them he said over here by the rocks was
like 300 um stingrays do you see one oh
right there right there right there
right there can you see it that's a
leopard shark and he's right in this
water where we're doing this look at
there he is he's coming toward you Derek
dude this is insane he says they don't
bite he says they just feed off the
bottom well stingrays do you see him
Brett well these look oh my hat cleared
all these stingrays see him okay guys if
you can see in the water
look there's these stingrays they're
like little turtles are all over in this
water he says there's a ton over here
let's go look okay right there there's
just a bunch these little stingrays
under the water right there check that
out
look out you see there's a ton of them
they're like thick it's these they are
think it's thieves try to put your
paddle underneath one and pick it up on
the surface dude give me you pick one up
there's so many try to pick one up dude
get your paddle don't do not fall off
your boat you can see him swimming
through the water
I know so would you rather fall in the
water where there's like 100 stingrays
or where there's like four or five
sharks me and Derick are saying we'd
rather be where is it crazy that we're
in the water right now I don't know why
but this dude that rented us these
things he acts like it's cool they're
literally when we first pulled up I was
about to jump out of the water right
here I'm like jack is in the water like
a freaking shark I could see it clear as
day and he was like officer I was about
to tell you they won't bite you anyway
so let's go up here I'll see if I get a
better view of a shark in this water
right here off of my little boat so
they're not gonna bite me because I have
pretty toenails that's why they won't
bite me it's a safety measure you guys
you think I'm weird except ate my
toenails it's just a safety measure
that's all I want to be totally safe out
here corresponds oh yeah yeah okay we're
coming up on the sharks you guys there's
some right here hold on
we're kind of running away from us don't
run away leopard sharks oh here's one
right under the boat
I hear see him Sam right there there he
goes there he goes oh dude ready see
their skin dude they're like big snakes
oh holy crap holy crap that's freaking
me out oh my gosh I went right
underneath my surfboard dude sharks
there's friggin sharks gonna this is
insane we're in Marina del Rey
right here look there's the Marriott
there's the Cheesecake Factory right
over there and people like look kids
swim I've seen kids swimming right there
before I know it's like some of you are
out there biologist or whatever like
they're just leopard sharks they won't
do anything to you and in fact when we
went to the Long Beach aquarium they had
leprosy arcs there that you could like
pet on their back it's still a freaking
sharp you can see in the water
underneath your board okay let's see if
I can get closer to one they're eager we
freaked him out because we like cornered
on that time so I don't dare sit down
I'm brave you're super brave have you
ever touched him dude you have let's try
to grab one by the tail and pull it in
so you can film it okay Brett you'd rat
you grab one that's not vegetarian
I feel like one of them I feel like one
of my fingers looks like a little fish
they could bite it we're safe okay is
there like a liability we're gonna go
try and find another one kay guys this
is exciting
look here yes right here yes near the
water gone I want him to come up yeah
there's a bunch of them very Sharky
Sharky Sharky I won't want to come out
of the water and bite Derek put your
foot in dude just dip your foot in do
don't be was try to grab them by the
tail man this will be great footage dude
I'll get a million views I so hope a
shark bite your small toe off I would
put all the put ads all over this video
and make a million dollars if you get
your foot butt off I don't care dude I
will post this Oliver I wouldn't come in
more often we're playing with sharks I
feel like we should go get a net and
just like catch one just like has a pet
we'll put it in aquarium is there is
that against any kind of laws do you
guys know
could you quit don't worry because if we
keep up what about the family needs to
go back home from family and we keep a
nice bottle of beer mama
I'm Hank you see life they've got mamas
- I can't get over there when I'm
filming ah I also do I don't like this
 there's one right here and a shark
there kind of shark there oh whoa what
you see my board this is hot I'm scared
hey Derek Derek I hope you guys can see
the Sharks I hope you believe us there
really are sharks in the water I hope
you can see it in the flip this is
insane he says that they don't come out
here that often but when the Sharks do
come out here that there's a lot of them
there's literally probably like 15 or 20
sharks out here swimming around they're
all about four or five feet long leopard
sharks this is awesome all right fun
card you want to let us know what's
going on right now oh nice move bro I
wrote a song and what's it about it's
about another friend he went far away
and then I'm trying to tell him to come
back there's this friend of yours
his name is Elijah oh it's your bro
where did he move no we actually it's
what Oh dis on Elijah oh yeah
how about it how about it's about just a
good friend cuz it could be anybody's
good friend maybe anybody cuz you want
your song to be relatable you know what
I mean so it's like a good friend that
you miss in general doesn't have to be a
specific person okay he does have a very
specific one of mine Ali are we ready to
go are we late for comedy we're late for
an appointment our way y'all a boy boy
yeah this is what it's all about
Allison let's hear this song
mom back brush me you broke down the
cool stuff together c'mon bro come on
bro come on where you are friend I need
you bro so we can go do fun stuff come
on all the lyrics
yeah those awesome yeah c'mon c'mon
c'mon c'mon you write it a song who
wrote it though Hey awesome dude that
was really good when you hey when's that
gonna be up on iTunes bro wait I'm not
finished I'm gonna keep doing more oh we
gotta go alright guys have a trouble we
gotta go an appointment for the calendar
you guys squirt it more on that to come
bye guys I don't think that I would ever
ate at the Emerald Royal Thai cuisine
I can never sour this looks like green
and that doesn't look like a place don't
eat lunch maybe set somebody's like
parents establishment that's a quiet
sound oh look at a car crash how about
these people need to go you need to
watch the road young ladies take your Oh
should we help him he's got a truck we
should help there's a fellow trucker
give it up what am I gonna do yeah pull
over I'm gonna fix that truck with my
bare hands
cuz I'm pretty Coral it's beautiful day
you're in Los Angeles we just got back
meeting with the calendar people is guy
named Josh I really am excited there's
like some cool details that we decided
that we just like thought about last
minute me and Josh were vibing you know
and then he's like well I don't know I
mean if you have this I don't think you
need this down here I'm like no I want
that down there that that adds to it
he's like okay okay so it's like we had
this give-and-take right Josh you
remember he's probably watching this
having a hurt right now Joshua great
you're great Josh catered ah bro anyways
hater dies that's what that's how
skaters talk true
California I am from California what was
I gonna say calendars uh when we decided
they're gonna start should be December
first here's what we need to do guys I
want you guys as pictures because we're
gonna be putting your guys's pictures in
the calendars I was just talking to Josh
just how to send them to him guys don't
bombard Josh but he doesn't have an
email where you will send your pictures
I think I wanna do that I'll just have
to make a separate one yeah okay Josh
you just got roped into more than you
bargained for bro don't bug Josh
everybody go get a terabyte drives these
pictures for the calendar gonna be
really high quality wonderful kind of
files aren't they just said they were
dad's here two dots er to whatever that
be the Sapphire they're raw like picture
files like that biggest high quality
really so cuz it's like going to be the
calories would be twelve by twelve
they're gonna be big calendars I got
three a square foot you know twelve inch
my twelve inching like an exact cubes
literally big calendars are gonna be
nice high-gloss quality like cardstock
paper I wanna make it really as nice as
I can but your pictures like the
advancement of pictures you guys from
the cent and we'll put like on the the
borders around like the dates if you
guys want to submit pictures that will
be in the calendar you can even like
write whenever you want on the picture
like just as long as it's somehow a tard
related but you could be like hi Matt I
love you in Sarasota New Zealand
whatever the heck you prefer you could
do that if you guys wanted you could
like write a little message to yourself
in the calendar and then when you buy
the calendar then you can go and find
you have to look cuz it's gonna be a
huge collage you'll have to find your
picture and you can let send a little
note to yourself okay that'll be cool so
you guys like oh there's mine I'm right
thank you wait to see the crease it's
gonna be cool yeah I know you guys are
gonna make some cool stuff so start
making those and just save them and the
next time we go to about to take this
terabyte drive to Josh to give them to
see our two files then we'll tell you
the email that you can send them to and
you guys can be in the calendar and
we're start pre-orders in like a week on
shaycarl calm for building that yet so
it's not yet but we'll have pre-orders
they're gonna be twenty bucks and
they're gonna be nice you guys I'm
trying to make was nice as I can and
they're gonna have like all the regular
dates like Columbus Day and fourth of
July now we're gonna put some like funny
dates like me and mom
turns out a bursary and like Sun tarts
birthday maybe like the first day Sun
char never did the worm I don't know
silly things like that but still have a
little feelings but they will have like
major holidays so it is an actual
calendar that you can use in your
day-to-day life it's not just like a
bunch of like random crap you like what
is that but you know Vic you can look at
the dates will have you know a real
calendar year and everything we try to
talk about it we should have like the
moon give it says summer solstice I
don't know I clover kill do you guys
care what Solstice is are you guys
solstice savvy are you always worried
about which solstice rip I know that I
always care about the Solstice lemon I'm
super excited about it I think it's
gonna be really cool it's kind of funny
because there's a tradition every year
when I was growing up as a kid I'd buy
my mom two things for Christmas
wild Kody musk this perfume that she
liked that me and my brother would
always get would go to like CVS they
felt like a CVS or Walgreens you know
what I mean it's called wild Cody musk
and a calendar like every year I would
buy my mama calendar and I remember like
try to find the nicest count like oh
that's nice how big it is like the to
present I could ever afford it's like
you know like a fifteen dollar calendar
and like this $10 bottle of kveld I love
your mom
Merry Christmas I'll give you something
better this year I promise I'm sorry
walking here I know okay you know
library this is Los Angeles move shut
her up took out with euonymus take you
out me Whitney I going on out there good
mom there's another dead mouse we have
another difference I had two drowned in
this time there was one before then this
the drownded one is the second one Oh
anyways another news wait no the ghost
of the mouse mice is Pez
no I came in I was gonna show I was Joe
gage a picture of his dad who just shot
and killed an elk today grandpa my dad
had a tag in this area that we're in it
was me and my dad I both had health tags
Casey was just like the elk guide
Casey's the one who set the whole hunt
up look there's your dad dude you
haven't seen your dad for like three
weeks are you see I'm right there on
that horse yeah we got biggest beards
getting
Hanley he is out there Casey said the
grandpa shot in an 800 yards there's my
dad and my brother in the wilderness of
northeastern Idaho with a dead elk
strapped to the back of a horse beards
and all there's snow in the mountains I
said son of a gun that's the manliest
picture I ever did see that's my dad and
my brother look there's your grandpa on
your dad so one big family isn't it oh
that was so happy enjoying full of dead
elk
yeah there's a lot of dead animals that
Casey has wrecked havoc on but you're
all you're eating the meat and using it
for every purpose Lily yeah they
actually has to pick it up from the
butcher there's this butcher I think it
was in Ashton Idaho that yeah that's
where it was ah we had a lot of jerky
today's free shirt giveaway is covered
in up blood no promises Matt oh he loves
me I'm the best father ever their baby
kissed you and he's super cute doesn't
precious okay I'm jealous
