say
say
to live in a pineapple under the sea
SpongeBob SquarePants Oh kick him in his
school punch Bob but there's getting
down don't pull a knife on you dude you
might cut you spongebob will cut a fool
you have been finding Carly excited
we're right here across from the Hard
Rock Cafe the Kodak Theatre all this el
capitan it's a great day we're out
showing the kids the site
love you Michael he counts his money see
Michael Jackson pretty cool that Michael
Jackson's shut me out Michael Jackson
dances wat let's go eat come on let's go
you Gianna
Oh from yeah okay Carly get up and dance
right now
get up Danna get up and dance get your
back up off the wall yeah come on mama
car show how it's done oh yeah oh yeah
dance you should dance to do the
sprinkler get down on it get Carly you
let her show you up like that heart has
done them were more than any brawling
thing ever
give a backup off the well yes we're in
the Hard Rock Cafe you guys watch out
there's good music playing yo guys
remember that documentary on these
characters that stand out here on the
Hollywood Boulevard
these characters a senator there was a
documentary thing goes on as we move and
there's one do that was Superman I think
this is the guy that was super hand from
that documentary there I hear that's him
he was Superman in this documentary that
was out here Batman yeah is think that's
the guy's a good documentary who can
remind me what it was called they had a
whole documentary about people who dress
up like these characters and come out
here they can be out here and they're
not allowed to ask for money but they're
usually if you get a picture with them
you're supposed to tip them then there's
like stories of how people are like
getting in fights because they didn't
tip over some of these characters like
beating people up and aside I'm like
that's him I think that's from the movie
so let me know what was that movie
called anybody know in the comments
below let me know kay I want to know
please ways ways they saw
Arlie go tackle him mom's not very proud
of his job
made him sad he's crying my hog Verdun
it's a girl hey hey Superman
are you super around from that
documentary yeah but what was the name
of that I was trying to refresh super
fashions of a super guy I watched it and
I loved it it was also available on
Netflix Netflix yes go watch it it's
pretty interesting thanks man
take it easy that's Superman baby tired
come here put that in his cup put in its
cup
Oh char come on yeah I agree he's trying
he's finally figured out hi I'm new and
due up that little buckle on his seat
belt that blows he knows I opened the
door he what he I saw him today me open
the front door
probably ended and not one to do it but
as I got older it was really well rocked
our decided he hates karate today and
you wanted to scream everyone in there
so we are not in karate anymore
we are waiting in the car rock hard why
you being a karate hater dude don't you
like know what you don't like karate oh
okay and that's cute I guess you don't
have to like karate then what about you
don't like that do you like karate a
scratch I can lick karate you didn't get
that in karate though you still eat our
dough I scratched your silly my god you
got a big scratch that happened what did
that happen out to be that was a big BG
scratch wasn't it what are you screaming
at why are you screaming at huh set
Tinkerbell its head Tinkerbell said mom
I don't watch TV welcome to cool for
that mmm-hmm yeah he's not a movie
watcher huh that's probably a good thing
right would you like to watch lots of
movies anyway wow I can see all the
readers I Ortiz Wow like that too
you are so pretty do you know that
it's so hard learning to break old
habits rock and Roli Oh Oh leave me
alone mom I'm trying to get in the front
seat
I got a drive I got the bust out of here
look at this baby look Lee he's figured
out really dude you're gonna drive I
don't think I trust you I think maybe I
should get in is battling with this
child all days screaming he doesn't want
to be yelling karate is so treacherous
life then dad comes home
well anyway first I want to read I want
to read them the text that you sent me
today so I was okay put the camera on me
now it's my luck he would have a little
smarter to vlog so today I was heading
to a nice Peter's house to do my voice
tracking for epic Rap Battles of History
I want to sing it anyways um so mom eat
our text me to this while she's at
karate she took the kids to karate and
I'm like honey I was texting there I was
like please film a karate today this is
like this is the conversations that me
and mommy tart have that we never tell
you guys about I'm like baby footage we
need some footage we have a film that
all today and she's like I got four
minutes at karate how much did you get
ready for me minutes right how many
minutes red flash up sign on there we
need a thumbs up anyways so I was headed
to go to Peter's house to track that and
then um mommy turn texted me is a rock
garden equals huge
brat exclamations knowledge breath
that's like the first time because my my
such a pleasant honeybee me but I was
like Sigma's a mouth and he's like
become a werewolf like Daniel you know
we missed him so much I feel like I feel
like he was mad at me because I left for
a week he's been this great relationship
right before I left where he would
always come up to me when I was on my
computer and he'd like wanna climb up oh
let me guess if he's really happy right
now huh give me kiss gimme kiss I have
to tell me I guess I was fine until
about half an hour ago
oh that's the other thing I can't shave
my beard he has never seen me without a
beard in my entire life I'd listen to
this my dad has a big mustache and he's
had it for my entire life I mean he's
had a goatee a few times but like my
entire life as long as I can remember my
dad's had this big mustache and that's
just like one strip right here so one
day when I was like probably I was like
13 or 14 I came walking upstairs yeah I
think it's like a Sunday so just you
know you sleep in just kind of chillin
and my dad used to sit in this chair in
our living room and he would just kind
of sit there and like meditate like I
would remember walking upstairs and you
just be sitting there with his eyes
closed so you just like think you don't
I mean like now that I'm older like yeah
I think I don't want to do that more
like just be able to sit you know and
close your eyes and just like think
about like what does all everything
that's on my plate anyways so I came up
one stairs and he had shaved his
mustache totally off and I remember I
was like walking into the kitchen and I
was like
it was a freak me I was like damn he
like he opens his eyes I'm like morning
he's like I need is like that heals like
that again I'm like I like what the
kitchen like so we're so I'm afraid if I
shave my beard you won't even know who I
am
oh you're our new I draw the line at
fighting me you bit your mother you are
grounded for three weeks set up there
for three weeks
she gives you everything you have in
this life she feeds you should change
your diapers she watches your stinky
butt strip I do you need to love for no
matter what no biting you need to
appreciate your mother more young man
listening to this oh well let's start
from the beginning of all the good
things that I've done in my life first
of all actually centered you know who
said something good about you Ally
no it was Danna was Dano said that she
noticed that when we're at the Hard Rock
yesterday eating that you were blowing
off baby tarts noodles you're like oh
now that burner burner and we didn't
even ask you you just like went over
there and started doing it we're such
good parents it's a celebration of good
parenting that's for this buttheads bed
yeah come on sleepy sleepy time I'm
asleep asleep retired
hey it's castles birthday happy birthday
we're going to your house right now to
see you and wish you happy birthday wish
happy birthday to Cassim happy birthday
come to the party hey what's going on in
here is I hope it's homework is this
homework is that would you have for
homework tonight oh I forgot do you have
a ton of homework from being gone for a
week do you really
where's it at let me see it is it gonna
take you forever to get it done dude I
want to get it done like the next two
days all right
me and you need to sit down for a couple
hours and get it done so there's a ton
of it what do you have to do yeah he's
gonna have oh you know these seven fish
two fish nine fish blue fish five birds
what do you say number sentences uncle
so it's like time draw a line to divide
each shape in half cool dude you have to
do all this let's see what you got here
let's see if your old dad can't help you
out in the homework Department adding in
any order so how do you do this what
does this mean that's what I hate about
these sometimes I can't ever understand
the instruction remember that piece of
homework I burned and we lived in Idaho
remember that dude some tired had a good
time with that and then people are
getting pissed to me like a completely
burnished homework I thought you were
good but then we had to redo it huh I
had to like print out the picture and
then redo it because I was like well now
that we understand how to do it I guess
we better do it we just thought it'd be
funny in this all right dude well let's
work on it we'll work on it tomorrow
here's watching the dyrdek you're
watching the dear debt the rob dyrdek I
guess two hoes I'm taller okay okay
let's go we're going to castles birthday
party oh my goodness you guys I am so
done blogging right now oh I see okay so
who did you have to guess which one baby
tart dead Oh braley so you did just one
of these oh that would be easy
let's see here is this one count yeah
just the drawings
okay so you got Batman what is that
Superman duh I'm so stupid what is that
one oh wow you had a Green Lantern I
think that one was Braley's yep
I know it you know I knew it because we
haven't even seen the Green Lantern
really I was like how'd you know that
have you seen the Green Lantern yes you
ha what you did I did all the
superheroes don't lie to me you don't
the lie to make friends dude
every one of those seriously bro I like
you no matter what why are you lying
well guess how many more of your
pictures I want to look at heavens to
Murgatroid what is this this looks
incredible I want five more of these
vine my desk behind in tomorrow dude you
guys are like the it's sponsored by
Marvel Comics or something what's going
on here I like comic books I have - yep
- great are they worth any money type on
those you guys dude you have a lot of
crap on your walls you realize that who
authorized this sticker collage over
here in the northeast corner was that me
because I definitely did not sign off on
that one yeah dude you know our lets me
do all those stickers off jackson harris
what are you doing looking all suave on
a leather couch oh he's what no he is a
handsome young man really no oh my
goodness Fraley Kaylie Bailey thinks
Jackson Harris is hot and yesterday she
said sure can you text Justin Bieber for
me when's your next video is coming out
is that your launch day yes do you like
you living in California these guys you
deal you've just come over to watch our
TV you don't have a TV and that's
you'll have washer and dryer yeah oh man
castles party bye
happy birthday careful how's the part it
was a fun oh my goodness gracious we
played spin the tail on the nose I think
I sleep in the bottle on Kasim's nose
look at rock tart in the sand he loves
the ocean yeah one time I had a really
bad diaper rash and my mom tells the
story that she took me into the ocean
and put me in the ocean and it cured my
diaper rash really any other moms out
there have a similar story about Raschi
bums one day lifestyle me on a bed rash
like three weeks ago
oh sure so yeah I used it to clean off
my diaper go get a free shirt there's
max well two free sorry - today hello
well do it we'll do one today come and
check it out
