Oh
say
not sure what shaycarl is doing hi guys
oh I just missed it I don't know what's
going I just had to hit the tail end of
the show it's a great show
it was a great show of it ah hurt my leg
Oh Oh what was dumb kids do not run in
front of a car unless it's your aunt or
your sister or somebody we are at the
beach obviously with all the sand behind
me and these wigs are killing me they're
so big they're huge
hi hottie
you look for baby items it that's it
don't lose them Munna let's eat take my
baby
you're out okay hey Brett in this part
slow motion oh well your baby runs into
the water or have they just fell over
tag team babysitter I love the beach it
is a beautiful day aggravation to you I
think it got washed away oh hey don't
hug me
Oh like fine mom I'm walking away we
will put this rug
he's right one that I can remember
we need to go the ocean right out there
there you go go get me out give me that
one right there on the ground this one
good on yours no the wrong Lola you up
to
Hey
opposite way and here we have a beach
that's kind of weird school on a pink
one okay I'm cutting is there anything
else looking and feeling much better
today and the beach baby laid in the
sand for most of the day catching some
rays in his diaper eating a week thin
that has half a pound of sand on it I
don't know what that accent is there he
goes off to chase the birds and look at
the pretty ladies yeah is he eat his
wheat thin that has sand all over it
heats probably I'd say on average a
quarter pound of sand every time I come
to the beach at least tell me that's an
average it's hard to tell exactly but we
have an average pepper pepper kidding he
was style walking earlier it was
hilarious hey guys how are ya just Ally
here Kelly I like your glasses a lot Oh
oh gosh I can't look I'm just like
illegal I don't know if you should show
this Oh is there captain we can't make
u-turns in LA
oh is that no u-turn well then you can't
make u-turns in LA Bret did illegal
u-turn once I got caught on what to jail
I think I'm jail but I want to court and
I got fined a lot and I didn't learn my
lesson cuz I just did it again
you know idea once and I went to jail so
it wasn't really that big of a deal the
channel super great I think you can't be
gotten kid what no I'm feeling I can say
whatever I want I know they're making up
really fun stories right now okay we're
on our way to a furniture store and
Cheryl was obviously so excited to go to
the furniture store so he is not here
with us but I'm excited but do you think
I could fit inside that vase yeah you
put the whole family here in fur I think
you got it yeah I think it's taller than
me oh you did is it heavy you see how
it's rock oh oh it's old someone bought
it too you better not touch it or
they're gonna come and punch you in the
face can we leave right now
right they know rude to pick somebody
else's nose but maybe he appreciated it
because he doesn't have any arms 800 is
quite a sale if it didn't smell I'm here
and I would totally buy it I want to
know who has $1,800 to drop on this
thing well how many Buddha heads do have
in here it's true
everyone needs a good head I mean I
don't have one do you guys Bret
show us your check your chair I can't
talk chair checking technique well ok
you know usually I sit at them right
because I'm not to see this I saw that
which looks really interesting over
there so I was like half but isn't there
such like kneeled on it it looks like a
beehive it looks like a bunch of like
tootsie rolls
oh yeah like something I just chewed a
bunch of it's awesome it's the tattoo
your old chair I love it
alright look at three oh my gosh that's
so crazy
antique boxing right what are you
everything the store is very much
yeah we definitely came to the wrong
store but it's definitely cool to look
at everything but the prices are like
okay we found a pillow it was only three
hundred dollars let's have a guess it's
cool how much do you think this is worth
ready okay the ante
probably okay I'm gonna guess in an
extravagant world I would say it was 200
$300 to 300 guests maybe like four or
five hundred but I saw the price it's
nine hundred ninety five dollars
no way yeah this is 39 I mean they're
really cool but come on now just like
this is definitely antique old-school
what did you put in there first
oh it's like a flip camera that is so
cool these are definitely like somebody
who has tons of money to just collect
cool things I'd rather die
okay for burritos whoa there's a
stairway of little Chinese men a weird
and bright idea $200 so let's say one
two three four five six seven
over a hundred a hundred times 200 oh my
goodness thirty thousand is all right uh
120 200 times 100 math hour with Brett
and Katie left they're sure to learn a
lot haha
oh that's it okay cool thanks appreciate
read so weird of like dominoes we'll see
we just have to run because we're
definitely not gonna be able to pay it
right one to kill Roger what is that you
know who it reminded me of when I first
looked at it I was like it's Jim Carrey
I don't know why look it is faith he
looks like Jim Carrey sort of reminded
me of the joke not the Joker the Riddler
the Riddler yes yeah I need that
painting honey can we have the Riddler
in our house please let's find out how
much this baby is the Riddler is 2,795
dollars it's just in my budget guys I'm
getting it all right revolution go
revolution Brett
cut that out seriously Brett cut that
out
okay that's hard to do No hey I'm
sending yourself no liminal message ooh
well I'm busy now
try to tell yourself no way we gotta
fight and damage it did me in on alas
okay she's gonna be right up here should
have a music plan down right um put on
ice here
Brett start playing astronaut right now
ready Brett and go you to see the stars
get up astronaut
somebody with white hairs out there
there's a paparazzi they're all flashing
I don't know who it is though it's jail
I know I bet all right we're gonna go
see what it is it's a boxing person I
think it I saw some dudes are wearing
Manny Pacquiao things I don't know who
it is let's go see
all right so I just talked to Freddie
Roach she's my buddy he's a Manny
Pacquiao's trainer he was just telling
me the Floyd weight Mayweather is a
total loss and he won't fight not
kidding apparently yeah that's a boxer
from the Philippines Manny Pacquiao
that's his trainer not that exciting I
just thought I would check just for the
fun of it okay let's go give me a swing
enter that's I fell in love with you
never used to swing down I think he has
a crush on you Dennis sit staring at you
how's it has the bread balls tell him
where we're at right now you know was
come on we've been here a million times
he ever been on Washington Washington
Boulevard and Venice Marina del Rey
Venice Marina del Rey we're at cno's on
Washington Boulevard they're bringing
these delicious bread balls baby turns
has like seven already yeah bring you a
poop those bread balls oh I don't know
I'm sorry I was in a row three sundry
what do you get neat oh yeah so trying
to decide all right shoot something good
rock card was dance and jump and job
didn't we'll jump jack and you gotta
jump job when you were young
jump job when you I got something job
when were away one down I write a song
about this like I'm working on it so
here take my menu
Oh baby card dancing what is this rat
tail you got hang out back your head
right here
he's a dancing machine
can't be stopped turn there's no need of
paper he's having a paper for an
appetizer
oh look at
hi what's up
maybe tired you gotta say summer my
camera use my camera move it's my camera
Oh smack you sucka oh my gosh if you
guys could see this camera right now it
is the greasiest it's ever been these
little hands grief everywhere oh my gosh
look at Grace's entire she's gonna have
a lot of zits now cuz of all that grease
that was really thoughtful you got my
balls by snowballs there's a big
snowball native dream them the MA
this one is flowers on top we got to
give away more shirts maybe we should do
to losers yeah there's so many freaking
factor journalism weight fast let's do
it I went running yesterday for miles
and I'm sure in places I didn't know I
had I'll teach you that about that later
all right
we're shirts go click on a free shirt
yeah hey do find out where the spring
one was very special
oh yeah we have to give that one way
plus thank you to everybody who's been
sending me pictures of the ones that
we've sent did you see some at first oh
yeah
all right bye
