hi you're super hot I am here you are
supersonic you got swagger all right
doll convinced a new tale based on a
inspirational true story of dolphins not
having tails I'll tell you what every
time I hear about a dolphin not having a
tail I'm inspired I'm inspired to
running today I know my age Oh che
soondae I was gonna get up a video
sooner and we went down to the Hollywood
Boulevard today and lot like showed
Carly and Danna Richards is here hey
Donna sing a song go yeah that's my
favorite you know and we're gonna go see
this movie and it's Sunday and and this
video crew today should I even upload
this I'm sorry guys I uploaded a
shameless I'm down 200 blow to their
pants video I want to see a Taylor
Lautner in abduction so we're gonna go
see this one right here it's gonna be so
good
yeah inspired by the amazing true story
of winter is that the dolphin I guess
he's a prosthetic that's interesting
okay you ready yeah one take Sunday it's
only a minute 27 hurry do something do
five push-ups hurry for the video do it
right now five good ones get your butt
down one don't don't
Bailey let's see she's doing more that
dude those are good push-ups Braley I'm
impressed
there's gauge don't bang your head on
the cement dude
let's see let me see you do some
push-ups bro well you looked like you're
crazy that's one two three
I don't know I don't know why we started
doing push-ups Danna get out I want ten
push-ups because looks like raccoons of
your eyes baby to our list of your
push-ups go one two get out and give me
some push-ups
all right bye
