okay LaVon I gotta find my camera if you
see my camera
happiness is a chomp you've got the
moves and the skills you're on a mission
to kill the world with sunshine or PDF
impression
take
I just wanna say
Thank You Shane hey guys my name's cuz
you know I haven't seen you at all so
take that cuteness Oh precious I am
about to go kiss that baby I've not seen
my wife or my daughters or my other son
in seven days
it's almost been a week look this Suns
been with me though we've been having
fun I did tell him all about our trip
what did we do this entire week that was
pretty much all we did let's go son
tired when we were in the Salt Lake
Airport coming here he's about to finish
his Diary of a Wimpy Kid book and so
then I bought him another one at the
Salt Lake Airport he read the entire
book where is your other one as a green
one he read is like almost exact same
thickness in a week that's pretty good
for a second grader right so grandma
just went and bought him a new one so he
can read on the plane when we go home to
see our family you miss him you missed
you missed princess heart and baby tart
but don't they had knowing you dude but
you still miss him oh oh we're gonna
miss you guys
Logan got a concussion concussed hard
he's concussed he's playing foosball and
he hit his head where's your helmet go
get your helmet let's all messed up
anyways we're back guys we missed you
we're here at our house have missed this
house well my parents haven't taken
really good care of it because remember
this house there's old snake tard
members snake tarde back there you miss
the south's dude it's nice huh we miss
it yeah we came back on my cow this was
like our dream house and me and mommy
tog got this house this was like our
dream house and we miss it but I'm glad
that my parents are here they are able
to live in it and watch it for us so
it's here it's here safe and look
gardens growing I think my mom and
Peyton are painting she's been painting
the garden hahahaha planting
don't be ridiculous oh yeah I got some
squashes and some Tomatoes and even
Logan planted some carrots out here that
we had for dinner last night huh Kobe oh
yeah I swear I'm headed to the airport
right now to go home cuz I miss my baby
I miss my babies like my on a hot baby
and my little cute babies I miss them
all you ready dude
alright let's go home so this is where
Logan damaged his brain his brain dude
you're not supposed to hit with your
head so it's like brand-new and I got it
it's not good broth what's your
shoulders next time how much that hat
cost you huh me in case you've been
making fun of him cuz he bought this
it's a nice hat the Phillies are gonna
hello hey guys we are at the doctor's
office horror rocked hard for the past
couple days has had this horrible cough
I tried to do like humidifiers and Vicks
VapoRub stuff to try to get it to go
away and it's just getting worse so
we're in the doctor and he's not happy
it's so sad but the girls have been
cheering him up with this is the only
thing that's gonna stop crying good job
good job
that's his favorite song even reading
have you missed them Waylon blog for a
while huh hey
it's like now that you're filming mom I
missed the camera that's all I really
made it was the camera are you feeling
okay yesterday I went to the store and I
bought a humidifier I like a void a
vaporizer a warm vaporizer a humidifier
and then a cool mist I wasn't sure which
one was the best
I'm glad I bought both of them because
princess chard woke up last night with
the cost as well he had to put the
humidifiers on in two rooms how are you
feeling now great good the doctor
actually went to see if the x-ray room
was ready because he wants to take some
x-rays of Pop Tarts chest because his
first inclination was whooping cough I
really hope it's not whooping cough
please don't have whooping cough okay
he has been vaccinated but okay what
song you just singing sing that you yeah
you're getting those high notes bro
million thanks bro you hit puberty you
are you got some area legs dude seven
years old you got some manly hairy legs
going on down here
these big beefy hairy legs no I noticed
you getting some hair on your legs dude
you're starting to become a man any hair
on your armpits
that is obnoxious
that is obnoxious with an us on the end
of it hey guys alright so we are here at
the airport look you can tell because it
says departures because we're departing
so we're headed back to California right
now me and Sun tarde are both really
excited because we miss our our family
we really do where we're at the cabin
and we're going to bed one night and
like I miss I miss our family so he sent
a picture to mommy tard imprint to start
a baby tart in rock garden Malachi tired
with our with our face Salinas with our
lip spoke up guys we're headed right now
on mime in my dad's truck and dad and
Casey are coming from Island Park here
to meet us to get my dad's truck and
then we got all of our luggage here I
got my freaking oh I love the see this
backpack you guys I got this backpack
when I was a senior in high school this
was like my senior present and I have my
rock climbing rope in it huh
cuz we're gonna start doing some rock
climbing I told Casey when he gets back
to LA we're gonna start climbing
seriously Sam macaroni what a day Derek
we all started rock climb so I got my
rock climbing rope because I used to
lead climb a lot if you know that is
it's like where you clip in as you go up
and we got this
this rock place that we're going to so
I'm super excited I just bought a
harness and some shoes the other night
and I'm excited to get back and start
really getting into rock climbing cuz
guess what guys I'm gonna be freaking
buff I'm a huge I'm all time anyway so
waiting for Casey my dad they're gonna
pick up the truck and the meet and
centaur and get on the airplane fly to
Salt Lake get on another plane fly to
Los Angeles no we're gonna Long Beach
that's we're going to Long Beach then me
and mommy are gonna go on a date tonight
cuz Carly said should watch the kids so
we can go on a date ha ha ha stop it
we made a snowman
I sold some flowers for his eyes cannot
see you tackle em dude get down and say
down set haha and tackle him ready blue
Naik
is that cold bro yes nice killed that
snowman bro stupid snowman yeah yeah
kick him dude kick a ball he's down are
you freezing we are definitely not
wearing the winter clothes
that's okay now at the pharmacy getting
a prescription for a rock guard he
apparently has either bronchitis or what
do you have and I feel bad that I have
him out here in public but I have no
other choice right now everyone is busy
and I've gotta get him a prescription
right so he took some tests they have to
like by now be fine though they found
this stack a little like collectible
cards do in a car dude now make you
better
he puts the cards down just to come and
look at you guys I love you I love you
baby lamb has the prettiest princess
bone ever know he wants this polly
pocket instead i don't know guys so
let's talk about your pants for a minute
it goes pants I actually think those
came from a viewer a long time ago and I
don't know this to me looks like Dumbo
from Dumbo circus but it could be a girl
elephant I don't know these could be
girl pants but I need they're cute so
he's wearing them sorry when you get
older you're probably gonna hate me for
that rock charred but you got to deal
with when your baby ha I don't care mom
you can put whatever you are on me oh
we're a dress if you want me to just
long as it's not pink
see you later dude I love you it's nice
knowing ya off to start a life of his
own in the pharmacy I think he's trying
to turn around there he is hey where'd
you go hey
what you doing uh just gonna stare and
swap mom don't mind me I'm gonna color
oh no I play a new purse we miss dad
that is a lot better Rock turquoise than
I do okay just checked our bags in the
fly in the Long Beach and it looks like
hi I don't know her dad do not throw
that snowball at me hey I came and see
you guys he's been saving up he just put
his $27 he's been working to make we
just put in a single Kate people V R
these are dad sorts I stole these me bad
I only bought one hurts no my favorite I
was gonna give you a pair of monster I
get don't my time at the DI and are you
that yeah these are my dad's shorts I
stole them hey what's up ruff hey you
got our tickets brah let's see your new
book did oh I already showed that don't
we I forgot I forgot we already showed
you got a new book what patreon already
page 30 already dude you're like a
freakin speed reader hey did you order
those speed reading tapes off off the
infomercial I heard you watching that
speed reading infomercial last night at
3:00 in the morning did you order that
yeah that's what you're so fast huh can
you spell xbs
supercalifragilisticexpialidocious
can you spell Mississippi that is
correct
what are we supposed to do
I taught you well boy don't slap it you
don't wanna make it man I'm so afraid of
underwater yeah we just met we just met
gabriel iglesias in the bathroom of the
Salt Lake Airport gabriel iglesias
comedians been on ray william Johnson's
equals three twice now we are peeing why
we walked in to pee in his watch this
sounds like tea brew that's pretty funny
and then I tweeted him I hope he likes
it hahaha laughing like that so my new
life which we've told them three times
yeah it will wait for the new house wait
we had an old book and then get a new
one this is our second flight some
select along B no we'd better more
flights and well for this trip this is
our fourth flight
we never or on this trip woops
I cannot that update I mean like a
calculator or something I may be tired
as being very fashionable this spiky
ball on her head
hey what are you wearing bunny no we
already bought something yesterday can
we buy elbows supper
hey you see this bone isn't it oh okay
bye okay bye this is just a child
Wonderland isn't it oh oh you're
definitely not getting one now sugar
because you don't throw fits member and
that's not the way you get what you want
i won do you remember how to get what
you want yes how do you get what you
want
see how cute I am mother I am so
precious more easy stop being crazy mom
okay but that is how they get it right
they have to see the sees and then they
just look really cute it doesn't always
work that way though works for me though
I think we found our favorite toys you
will not give up you will not know hey
hey hey I love you know a little bunch
of these treats has a trick show us your
trick that wasn't the trick nice cat
good cat
now go get your brother okay okay guys
so look where I found rock chart after
he ran off oh snap
he was grabbing all of these glass
things so glad I caught him in time it
could have been really expensive come on
think about it next time
where we at broseph boom Shakalaka
right there we just landed in Long Beach
we're waiting for our little luggage
luggage right there it's gonna come up a
little
turns out there's no snow here in
California it's nice feels really good
here no wonder there's so many people in
here it is beautiful weather the Sun is
out is a nice probably 67 70 degrees
we're gonna go see our mom you were
excited no do not sit on that yes I'm
tired is the Gideon luggage chute why
don't you ride the conveyor belt you
missed out dude you're gonna write the
other gonna write the conveyor belt
thanks bro I got my rock climbing rope
in here
yeah but your suitcase bro there she is
oh that's my hotness oh I have missed
that whew
what's up hot stuff I just had a quick
question you wanna be with me forever
yeah I miss you guys hey sleepyhead
was this Bert where's his foot foot hey
how you guys feeling
so you guys fell asleep on your way to
Long Beach maybe tired how you been in a
new purse how did you get hotter since
I've been gone he's sick would you mommy
said he had a baby yes whooping cough
what does he say yes and fátima yeah as
long as what does he or does he have as
a fourth lung he definitely has either
bronchitis or whooping cough oh geez
they had to do it a test like swab and
the other two get back in the lab like
in a couple days well baby's got the
whooping cough we don't get to Fort
Sumter he's gonna die of dysentery we
got to get the oxes healthy honey well
if he does have whooping cough then we
all have to like what do we have to do
that's they have a vaccine for it that's
so dangerous
I don't like dangerous coughs it has my
babies yeah hey how much did you miss us
eighty percent as a eighty percent of
your love or 80% of your heart that's a
lot of souls is a lot are you guys
excited for us to be back baby car did
you miss your daddy I love you guys it's
a rock face you miss your daddy he did
hey Blair you say your room is clean
from the start
good Danny likes it when the room gets
clean that's the show we got our second
cast you should have delegate that to
princess tartar I should be right so I'm
tired you hear that Alec I've been
saving up a lot of treats for you when
you get home
very excited bro I'm nervous to give it
back Oh weeks where it's gotta be a lot
guys just left it's one of the man
SunGard how deeply how sexist mom is she
thinks that picking up poop is a man's
job you believe that you should tell her
mom all jobs are women's jobs Oh
boom Shakalaka
home sweet home
the ocean the powerful waves so
beautiful all right did I say home sweet
home yeah I just said home sweet home
I'm from Idaho but I really love it here
this is the ocean you know California is
great it's crowded there's a lot of
traffic a lot of weirdo weird people
here this ocean right here it's just
like entrancing I feel like I want to
live next to this the rest of my life
just the breeze and the smell and the
openness and the power
hey texture McGee why don't you enjoy
the scenery they're gonna moon you're
freezing here you want wear my coat
don't want you to put them up what if
you drop them in there I have to dive in
get my new sunglasses all wet
there you go
there you go babe so today we made a we
made a snowman and now we're here
watching the sunset on the oh shit
remember earlier kind of a little bit
different weather isn't it are you
saying you tackled this snowman yeah
that's right oh hey Brett hey Thunder do
you want to tell Brett what you wanted
him to do an editing with a snowman oh
yeah
I want you to put me in slow motion
tackling
Brett why don't you queue that right now
now we're back from your slow-motion
tackle here with babies it's so prizes I
miss you guys
you call a lot you should have been an
ID oh I just came from where it was
snowing six inches that's it can she get
them get some dope you would kiss him
shake your head shake us in I know I go
up some he's ready
kiss him he's waiting for you nose nose
nose
I'm like thanks for not biting your face
off tell me it's name wrong Rock tard
so we're on a date guys have been on a
date like Knepper you guys remember I
don't remember the last time around a
day was it Idaho no we been on a date
since we've been apparently we haven't
really had a babysitter but now that
Carly and Kayla lived her escapes yeah
we count those as dates and times we
went to like Costco once with each other
get rid of those damn kids for to hold
you there during the kid you're supposed
to help me for slurring Shay Shay it
just takes me a minute to register what
you said okay all right we're gonna go
home they got now oh I bet they're gonna
have another baby in nine months
now I'll make out with that girl no dude
she's so ugly seriously honey I love you
she's looking at you right now read it
read it read all about it the Shaytards
are back tell your friends and family
your aunts and uncles grandmas and
schoolmates we are hey Shay yeah I
missed you I Love You Brad love you
shave bye
