all right Jackson's a champion he's
doing double thumb words right now in
the car dude bar 6a I declare a thumb
war how does that go hmm like one two
three four one two four six eight who do
we appreciate you have a thumb war
yeah that's a good not know hey guys so
we were just so many loves you today we
felt what let's mullet comas
getting ready to film a recipe video
look at these bowls that Kayleigh as I
love them they're all so adorable with
this pink pink I need to go invest in
some happy bowls yeah so happy cookie
yeah it makes the difference the bowls
you have anyways so we're making if you
guys ever watch the sheet arts blogs if
you ever do I got something my throat
it's actually a white fudge pretzel
guilty I'm gonna make black beans like
the black bean sweet potato burritos
that I made in the vlog so I don't know
how to make that go over to the moms
view wait watch Twitter cuz it's not
going to be up yet obviously but watch
and we'll obviously tweet about it so I
would be able to most you soon with
Kaylee's happy bowls hey guys alright it
is cheered a day that ava is not gonna
get dropped on her head
hopefully you're not gonna go drop any
job today it dropped on my head I'm not
dropping my dog are not on Moorhead at
least maybe on for me her elbow maybe no
no hit her knee okay no trapping all
right um what do we want to do with this
what I'm gonna do we got pony pony in
your curl isn't cute right we'll curl it
but I'm not guaranteeing its gonna stay
because it is a thunderstorm out there
and it is pouring down
oh you don't let just to have fun yeah
well we'll try to curl it a little bit
but just put it on or something push
find it and he stills them she's stolen
at least five huh got to find him got a
circus she's like a brush squirrel
oh it's true she's a brush squirrel she
takes him and she put some in a little
cheeks and she goes and she puts in
swearing she goes no one's gonna find
him at this store am up for winter cos
on these lots of brushes in the winter
brush squirrel are you ready we're gonna
go in like ten minutes
all right we'll get you ready girlfriend
you are so beautiful you not need much
oh hey you want to talk about the
three-and-a-half doughnuts you ate the
other morning
hey we're 3ti Junior hey we're finished
vgi Junior no judging
that's right did you hear what Colette
just said right there so let me just
give you a little insight into what it's
like to be a daily vlogger some of the
frustrations of being a daily vlogger
and I guess the real answer to that is
being vulnerable to your mistakes like
for instance in the backseat some of you
may have already noticed that Emmy does
not have her seatbelt on now that is my
fault as a dad as the driver of the
vehicle you should not leave your
destination until everybody in the car
has their safety harnesses fastened it's
just safety right you know it's raining
we're driving on this road we're talking
about Donuts or something I don't know
and I get frustrated because I go to
edit this clip and I'm like dang it and
we didn't have her seatbelt on and then
I know the comments like you're such
horrible parents all you care about is
the stupid vlogs and you're not thinking
about your kids and then I get
frustrated cuz I'm like I've told her a
million times where her seatbelt but
then I'm like it's my fault because as
the dad I should have said something and
that I'm like why can't use this footage
because then people are gonna tear me
apart in the comments because she didn't
ever seatbelt on but I want to tell you
about Gavin launching his rocket at
school and I want to leave this footage
in so don't judge me because I'm a bad
father and parent
I will make a new recommitted vow to
make sure all of my kids have their seat
belt on every time we're driving I'm
sorry
wear your seat belt a thing called your
head to camera box die hey guys
I want to make an announcement about
Gavin my son Butler he and his team at
science class today launched the rocket
that with the highest out of all of the
science class because of Gavin's
prediction of a majority air to water
combination in the rocky get more teach
other people how you launch the highest
rocket in class we went outside and we
had to make because we each group had
three launch like launches the first
launch our our rocket and go very high
because we thought you would have to put
more water lesser than on the second
launch I thought that you would have to
put less water and more air so then when
we did that my science teacher pulled
the string and then a winner and get
away with the highest you count the
seconds of how much it falls
that's the like 1,001 1,002 you just do
one like 1 Mississippi or something we
had a 90 count the seconds of how much
it falls
that's the like 1,001 1,002 you just do
one like one Mississippi or something
but we had nine but like one 1000 could
work
yeah sorry I did miss Mississippi is a
scientifically measured burn those SSIS
s's are use the right calibrate improve
oli
the rotation of the earth and the
gravity the Mississippi it's a military
operation
and you have to now second and but the
entire class counted as ever each
individual rocket foul that's cool and
so then that equal to 1,600 feet nice
that closes wrong was the southern
birthday on 1500 feet 100 feet uh-huh
yeah nice job dude that's high 1600 feet
that's really high and then we got to
ABS cheerleading performance and notice
that Gavin was sitting next to Emmys
doll we made fun of a minute looked
funny
ah
let's not it would you say doctor you
love winners you have my head you just
got done telling us we mad that's the
clothes and I'm gonna eat you guys so
funny you alright ABI you did a great
job tonight I'm very proud of you and
she chose to go to winner so we're gonna
eat wingers know take what hey hop are
those popcorns on the pop corn cream all
right - spoons a champion who's doing
double thumb words right now in the car
two four six eight I declare a thumb war
house I don't sound like one two three
four I guess I saw more two four six
eight who do we appreciate
Tabitha more yeah that's good not you
know Jackson just made these jacks
didn't want to show us how these work oh
my binoculars would you make those for
Daxton
who did you make those for my good boy
you bought Nevada I thought you may know
did you keep your receipt cuz I don't
think I believe you
no oh you made them for dad I told him I
loved her dad it's the golden hour it's
very pretty
the grass is very crisp green looking
come on Clyde get that ball from him go
making excuses try to steal the ball
from Gavin good move let's see you can
get it from him babe oh he's coming over
in yeah surprise
it's got some maneuvers I'm working on
those french fries working on the french
fries oh we got a motorcycle man coming
through
hi motorcycle man hey Winston little
chilly all right we're back from the
cheer performance and we're doing what
we love to do one of our biggest
priorities you know dry food we like to
put you know fruit in our dehydrator I
want to make sure we have some healthy
snacks okay
God I have healthy snacks Wow smells
like bananas yes that bananas smells
like I wish that I can say this would be
healthy snack for Emmy but she's
apparently a little bit allergic to
bananas that make our filling well we're
uh dehydrating some bananas how fast can
you cut those like you know from telling
class just do a few well you could they
they go on the knife and then maybe just
slide them onto the thing picking them
up one man get him on the thing I just
do - okay this is great strategy we can
get to know how to bop bop slide on I
usually do it a little bit yeah come on
go good you're in I know
look one was pressure so usually you do
it way better than this so so you're
saying like seven times faster let's see
go I don't do it for the calyx don't
want to make anybody jealous
yeah this crowd I think she's making
that oh my how was your last cheer
performance of the year get your ears
pierced how those filling have you been
keeping them clean turn your ears let me
see how often race has to clean up she
did get some on your face I think he had
some banana I'm excited for the kids to
be out of school for this summer we're
gonna be doing some fun things and it's
usually we have to ruin our entire lives
when the kids have to go to school so
it's like you know happens every year -
like over majority of the year the kids
are in school
groaning in our lives but now they're
about to be out and we're gonna have a
good time you're learning good
all good day yes sir right y'all get
your learning on too but you know
there's different types of learning
there's school book learning and there's
life living that's what I want to do on
and get them on the road I wanna get on
some street smarts oh I'm to learn how
to jump a car battery mug somebody you
know all kinds of war life lessons
parkour is great - evading the officers
you need to learn all kinds of life
lessons summers gonna be crazy dude
huh oh well just had dinner
Stefon my hiccups that guy Zeke mom let
me give Zeke two of the leftover steaks
I think he's very happy about it
it's licking his chops that God I will
take that as a yes all right so it's
bedtime okay
we're tangoing oh but the kids are in
the bats I'm gonna get the kids out of
that same prayer time for bed let's go
yell at your brother and sister yeah
thank you very much I swear you people
have no idea how hard it is to get five
kids in bed some nights oh my goodness
and what is I mean kids listen I know
you don't want to go to bed but naps
they're awesome
sleeping is cool uh why do you wake up
so early it's just funny when you're a
kid you always try to get out of naps
we've talked I've talked about this with
other adults and now as adult you wish
you could have every nap that you always
like turn down as a kid when mom would
try to get you to take a nap and you
play eight naps I don't want to connect
and now you're like sleep where I've
gone sleep I love feet come to me sleepy
bye anyways what's this oh yeah and
slate clickety clackety you can select a
previous or future video because we
invented time travel here at the
Shaytards so if you want to see what's
going to happen next year click on one
of those videos
check out the Nasdaq I think I put a
ticker in the bottom for 2017 I could
prove valuable what's going on I'm not
sure I got to go okay thanks for
watching the Shaytards we appreciate it
we'll see you guys soon
