hello threatened Shaytards my name is
Cody burns I've been watching your
videos for about three years since
pretty much since you started and in
December of 2008 i was diagnosed with
leukemia and sorry this is hard but i
haven't told a lot of people kept a
private betta i have i was in the
hospital for 66 days straight she'll get
a double bone marrow transplant and then
X on and on after that for every other
week or around there or more and from
chemotherapy and radiation I I lost a
lot of weight arm so still really thin
and this might be graphic but I had to
get a g-tube put in and meta port put in
to give me extra fluids and because of
your shayloss who inspired me to get up
and actually November 22nd i'm scheduled
to get these out because of you guys so
i just want to say thanks and i know
this isn't a mirage ha duh whatever it's
called the the thing i know it's not a
thing but i figured this would be the
easiest way to contact you guys have
been put in comments in but you guys
have so many so i don't expect you to
answer it but um dr. good you'd be able
to see it this way and i just wanted to
say thank you to all of you son tarde
princess hard babytard bhakt are Malachi
Caden that and Shey and even been Brett
and all the family just thank you so
much guys I'm sorry couldn't make any of
those video things I'm not very good at
that but I just want to let you guys
know what's up to go because of you I'm
getting these things out which cause
infection which keeps me out of the
hospital and doctors even said that when
I was watching your videos i seemed
happier I when I was watching your
videos for the 66 days in the hospital
I would look up to those man and yeah
they said they would help me
