are you ready I sit down to each other
but your beard is Jeff and your kids are
and your wife is get off me
hi miss Shay Carl's
so this is very late it's 7:20 my time
getting the Shaytards video how you guys
thought it wasn't gonna do it maybe I
was doing if this one doesn't work I
don't know I can't figure out why it's
not working so what's not in the mood
that's kind of why I fascinated so much
no not in the best of moods that happens
to everybody I'm sure it happens to you
you're not in a good mood every day oh
yeah
well neither am i and I'm Shay Carl I'm
supposed to be always but I think back
to a wise man who once told me sure you
gotta build bridges bridges shake peaks
and valleys peaks and valleys bridges
and I said to that wise man the hell are
you talking about and then he explained
to me thanks and valleys pinks and
valleys bridges share peaks and valleys
you're happy one day you're up here on
the top of the mountain on the beat and
then the next day you're in the valley
the valley of the shadow of death and
you feel so emo emo tears of blood fall
down your face you're crying shame of
enlightenment I just say words that I
know I don't think they actually go
together correctly I just say words
anyways
so it's up and down you know how does
everybody goes through it happy one day
sound the other day and the bridges are
the pathways from the peaks skipping the
valley and going to the next peak it's
just a little bridge that you build that
you save yourself you know what I'm not
gonna be the bad
no I refuse to accept this mood I'm in
right now and I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna smile take a deep breath of oxygen
I need three cheeseburgers maybe you
don't do that maybe and that's that's
what you do it sometimes it's easier
said than done
but I'm a firm believer that we can make
a conscious choice to simply choose the
way that we feel by deciding that by
saying to ourselves you know what me
what I call myself when I'm back at home
me you know what me I just don't feel
good right now
and I don't want to feel that way
anymore so you know what I'm gonna do
I'm gonna be happy oh yeah yeah and then
I say to myself why are you talking with
that creepy voice that's really weird
anyways so one thing that I've actually
heard before that's I think is true
scientists have said that by smiling the
simple act of smiling even if you don't
feel like smiling will put you
physiologically in a better mood like
you feel like crap and you make yourself
go like this choose to be this guy no
matter what the outside influences are
how everybody is negative and
pessimistic and thinks the whole world
is going to hell in a handbag you can be
this guy
