Oh
okay good morning everybody today's big
day oh my gosh were rushing around we
got so much to do and get done we're so
busy
come on let's hustle hustle come on
we're okay hurry come on the band that
wanted to do this here to Java the bed
for 15 minutes I slept the leg so hey
Bret this is how we make babies can you
walk for a second
thanks bro so today oh my god sure
enough welcome shirt did you even did
you plan that no don't lie to me you're
such a so um so today I'm Volcom these
guys I'm wearing to have to they asked
us to come and visit them no give us
close by I love you oh yeah yeah are you
gonna plug in in the truck dude yeah
yeah this look I got your internet and
power right there go ahead man but I
should bring my laptop because I don't
have the V z-axis on yours if you want
yeah we're gonna Costa Mesa and so we're
trying to blow the vlog as we drive okay
we're a dog Swede that's a cold Chuck
yeah did you or that didn't get to cool
genican it's pretty sweet huh all right
so introduce yourself Sophia is skipping
school that what your teachers no listen
miss Andersen I'm sorry she's not really
sick she's like Ferris Bueller
I'm extremely sick are you skipping
school - oh yeah this amazing office is
that your support this is and I love
this one no it's crooked
totally off-kilter this is your store
huh yeah so we're in old coupe store
this is like exists a friends-and-family
store it's not really open to the public
this is a hole full of Volcom stuff
I like what he said like okay I can't
tell you guys I hate and I that's one of
a biggest pet peeves dude I got your
something so cool but I can't tell you
this is really cool this oh my gosh I'm
like in paradise right now what yeah you
want to Volcom hat dude he said we can
we can take whatever we can carry so
find what you want dude how much stuff
you can you carry this is funny it's
like Willy Wonka's candy factory how
does that check it out do it welcome
wallet come here let's let's make sure
that's asking if we can just take
whatever this is gonna become a
skateboarder dude
okay you got four years four years and I
want you to become pro okay can you do
it
okay commit to it right now see look
flip Dogg so what do you think dude I
think you got enough stuff in there bro
that bag is entirely full of Volcom
stuff as well as this one
no this is all is my new closet this is
awesome explain why we're here today so
who's your dad Ethan what does your dad
do here at welcome everything tell him
how long your dad's worked at Volcom you
are right are you about 18 19 how do you
27 I get you're so mature did you go get
some waves in nice so the story is Ethan
and Sophie is a big trade arts fan right
who watches our videos religiously every
day told her dad who works at Volcom for
the last 18 years dad look at this guy's
working welcome clothes he's like why
should we should send them some and then
I'm like I'm already wearing them so
then they brought us here and basically
gave us an entire new closet so all my
fat shirts are out we're gonna set all
those to you guys and we have a new
closet
thanks to Sophie I owe you like like
three thousand bucks
you got it failblog here we come
oh man I still ready get that in slow-mo
and shaycarl going for the ramp for
something the terminology
just like to thank a thin that deep then
he's gonna head dudes at baulkham he's
ready to tell the stories unless aw okay
so Ethan well his daughter's been
watching her videos forever she showed
him a few times we're at Lollapalooza
you guys remember when I handed the
camera over the fence that Canadian dude
he had like eight beers in each hand but
anyways he was watching that vlog and
that dude was wearing a Volcom shirt and
I didn't even know cuz I just handed my
camera over the fence remember cuz I
couldn't see him so Ethan he's like oh
I'd love to get these guys some stuff I
don't want to seem like douchey they had
only like hey everywhere of our stuff
for a free thing and we became friends
we're gonna like work on some stuff
together but just because we love
skateboarding and we love kids and we
love you guys where's that ski where I
was right
you drop in I believe in you
I just got
oh no my adrenaline has made me weak
like so excited I'm like
let's get a replay on that you're like
Bronx right now you're so excited look
at them go look at them skateboard it's
like can you believe he's an adult he's
like a family and wife and four kids
it's like he's just a poor guy seems
like a camp counselor
are we going what is this this hole oh
that's like the and shaycarl weighing in
at 260 pounds 206 this morning I'm close
to 200 dude you have less weight to like
to go down the bowl now it's crazy to
think that because I remember when I was
like big you know I was like man he's so
hard to get back down to where I want
that's crazy like to look up now and
think oh I did it I'm at toe six like
back when I was at 280 or whatever I
winked imagine just try to get to 206
like impossible you know eighty pound is
this like user for you now that your
honor glad all right I can everything's
easy for me I can move around even I'm
sweaty and breathing hard it's okay like
it feels good
before I'd have to stop because I just
couldn't you know I just like exhausted
but you know I'm sweaty and reading her
I'm used to except in exercising so I
can just keep going you know to prove it
let's it
shei laws and a Tuesday and crochet laws
man you're the next bearded Tony Hawk I
think if if Shay was a character in Tony
Hawk I would choose him every time then
you like customize them with the beard
without a beard for kids on his back
so popular I'm your best friend
you have a lot of friends at school you
guys like in school what's your favorite
part what is your favorite part I know
I'm a perfect I'm a perfect boy I love
doing arithmetic in English it's my
favorite what are you gonna go to school
did huh we're gonna get a real job and
get out of this house huh
we're gonna start living for yourself I
think we're just gonna like provide for
you for the rest of your lives you know
learn at school what are you gonna read
you don't have Barbie books at school
yes they do
you saw one are you guys gonna miss me
and son tired we're leaving tomorrow
it's gonna be just you ladies he's gonna
miss us you better hurry you massage my
feet while you get a chance
oh you're gonna miss me look they look
like they need a massage you're gonna be
partying where's my rock and Roli Oh is
he asleep I you can't put him to bed
until I get high that's a respire man
look at these feet My heavens are you
from the Blackfoot Indian tribe where
we're from
that's wherever mommy tarts from
Blackfoot Indian tribe that's where I
found her hey just tell me does that
simple yes or no
I dare you to kiss their bottom of our
feet you need a hepatitis shot now your
feet are super do you clean those
windows now mommy jar just clean those
today when they're stronger than you or
snake start doing what would your whole
child services
why would you do that and to me that
should be your you're crying gonna break
it when I break the door I'll break your
face WWF table slamming Bravo stay with
us bro oh my goodness
tell me I just need a little Monica let
me know please hey you guys awesome yeah
last video for seven days unless you
guys can convince mommy tard upload some
videos while I'm gone
they won't be this energetic I promise
now it's time to say goodbye to shake it
and see alright guys this is the last
video first seven days actually I mean I
don't know I had an idea what do you
think about this idea this is actually a
an idea that nice Peter gave me I was
over at his studio the other day
tracking an epic rap battle history that
I'm gonna be in I can't tell you what my
character Peter gave me this idea he
said what if you had people make videos
of like what Shaytards have meant to
them you know over the years and you
know if anybody wanted to make you know
a video and sent it to me that I
uploaded on Shaytards while i was gone
so that there wouldn't be like no video
so the least you guys would have
something so I thought that was a good
idea I was like Peter George yes Charlie
Janey Slater by the way congratulations
to my friend nice beater for hitting 1
million subscribers today I think that's
a good idea so here's the deal if you
guys want to make like a Shaytards slash
shaycarl like montage video of all the
happy memories that we've ever had
together
that'd be cool so my good buddy Micah
Stubbs whose link is Byam annotation
Brett I am I'll put his face maybe yeah
you can do that knitted you know how to
edit is your bad stop anyways so here's
everybody oh oh oh here's what we could
do because I'm not gonna be here to like
do a shirt giveaway video so if you make
a Shaytards shaycarl slash montage and
you send it to Bret here Bret I don't
know Bret figure out a way how you want
them to get it to you he'll leave it in
the description cuz I'm gonna be gone by
the time this is uploaded tomorrow I'm
gonna got an airplane you will win a
shirt we will like promote your channel
and we'll put a link in the pants so
like here's the here's what we're gonna
do I'm gonna show you an example right
now Micha Stubbs he made one already and
we're gonna play it right now so if you
guys can make one like this or even
better upload it to YouTube or even just
send it to Bret and then we'll upload it
on Shaytards you can upload it on
YouTube too and then just send us the
link and then we'll pull it from YouTube
and then we can upload it on Shaytards
will give you credit we'll give you a
link in their pants we promote your
channel and you'll also get a shake off
shirt if we if you get approved so the
best ones are gonna win every day so
we'll have seven of these I think
that'll be fun and then at the end of it
we'll have seven really cool montage
videos that we can look back on with
long members so if you want to do that
you can do that if not then just tell me
to punch myself in the face oh I can't
tell me to do that that was a very nice
you know there's not supposed to be
violence in the Shaytards so without any
delay thanks my buddy Michael Stubbs I'm
gonna I'm gonna give you this and I just
want you guys know that thank you that's
all I want you to know I just thank you
everything that you guys have been there
for us and just watching our videos and
leaving positive comments and letting us
know that we really have made a
difference in your lives because it it
makes a difference to us that we are
making a difference to you so thank you
for all the memories and all the good
times and this isn't over you guys we're
just taking a little break
we're take a little time apart would
even we need to we need to go away from
each other for a minute and think about
our love and then once we come back
we're just gonna love each other so much
so I'm going to I'm going to Idaho to
kill an animal send you guys some jerky
if you hunt even though I know most of
you don't think it's very humane all
right guys I love you see you are you
doing this my pussycat things change
people go away my um he um his acres way
lies where I'm safe and where you ours
where the field waking swings my night
job oh yeah I'm on the radio from 6:00
to midnight on z103 and I actually
started doing live shows on blogtv from
the radio station as I was broadcasting
on air I was live on the Internet going
live on air in 30 seconds are you
nervous I headed to San Francisco
coldly frozen to straighter than
on-again-off-again I remember going to
bed at night how to upload a video
welcome people go away but I'm here I'm
here to stay cuz where you were ours
where I'm safe where you ours where I
feel awakened where you are hey guys I
wanna have the best beer then I started
this YouTube channel called Shaytards I
never knew it was gonna turn into this
daily blog welcome to our channel
literally just me and my family there's
not much free Carl had the Shaytards
here and we are just out hiking
this heart it's when things change mom
he is growing a baby is where I'm safe
and where you I am I have two months
left I'm due June 8th I get an
overwhelming amount of emails at replies
on Twitter comments direct messages of
people saying thank you so much for
letting us into your life and letting me
see what a family can be like with it
there can actually be a happy family
people can like each other so it's
really good to see that the kids aren't
even shy at all she's in love with you
honey muffin James Blunt's and he wants
this picture of baby turned to be his
new album cover here we are having a
picnic rock guard James Blunt going on
gonna make it brother how are you I
deserve I've been waiting to say that to
you for four years
I sit down my computer to see but you
have done so far today it's just nice
see reality it's just a cool family be
good to each other
people
but your beard is awesome and your kids
are awesome
and your wife is
and the shame
you've become an adjective of your own
it means something between extra-large
and do check out the Shaista pretzel boo
I'm so tired
you're a regular guy
but you try
to be something
Oh shame
in the shade
all right there you go the Shaytards
through the years so if you wanna make
your own montage like you just saw click
to the left how to get featured how to
enter the contest and I'll tell you all
the details not only how to enter but
also how to win I'll give you some
strategy also if you click to the right
your last free shirt giveaway with Shay
who is actually at the airport it's
quiet around here I don't know what to
do maybe i'll rob his house oh is this
recording anyways um if you do need your
Shay fix you may get a little glimpse of
him on Casey's channel I know they'll be
in the woods it'll be hunting they'll be
taking video so link is in the sink for
Casey's channel and you may just see
Shay all right that's it Shay's gone so
I don't really know what to say how to
finish this yes I do I'll talk you later
oh my gosh oh I will set it alright bye
