pretty pretty darn precious what it is
Katie letting shake crawl got the cutest
kids and maybe up on YouTube making all
events and if you don't know
i'ma tell you like this like this like
son tart got all the girls on them
got him wondering how'd he get so
handsome okay and baby's hard she got
that baby girl swag she can get a little
crazy just like her dad what a rock part
I see you starting to walk hit that
snaky leg then he hit the driver prison
start when you whack girlfriend back
handspring it's a perfect 10 huh yeah
you know they PDF EP two years then and
he's on two three we're ready for a
video so let it be clear hey he's boggy
stop right you got that yeah please
we're sending these to you guys right
now these are all yours I hope you were
a month prize when you guys get these
shirts in the mail you gotta send me a
twit pic or tag me on Facebook or
something buy links depends the video
really cool oh yeah we could put you
guys your you're wearing the shrew-like
pop-up like I got my shirt if you look
happy enough pop it you gotta be happy
it's like this me do that
okay we're to send it right now bye here
we are at tarsus okay tarjay this is
Raptor what this is wrong cards first
time sitting in one of these cards are
you pumped mister Lightning McQueen
sippy cup man okay I will help you you
know the kids always love these cards
let's get the big card but I am a wuss
I have the hardest time pushing them
around the store so let's see how it
goes - are you guys ready - high five
Mississippi this is the segment of the
show tarts that I like to call eating
baby toes
got burn along here hello
well you have to look at it silly now
Rock Terry all you're gonna say talk to
him okay hi red so where's daddy
tars is going rock climbing
you just sleep at home gonna lie to him
he's sleeping and my bob is gonna be a
super big inch by where did we buy
babies hard a stuff do you remember the
most important thing we bought it was
yellow
the what
a bell Joe we are really buying our
costumes earlier this year but I'm like
we're not going to be last-minute buying
costumes and their way expensive and
blah blah blah so we're getting costumes
now because they're always gone when we
go to buy him Hong cuz we always
procrastinate so what are you gonna be
this year bail bail you got a bail dress
and Princess Chart and I she just
decided that she wanted to be a vampire
and she was what are you gonna be in
like hmm should be vampires together and
she was like yes that will be so fun
so we're gonna be vampires and I guarded
the cutest vampire dress are you guys
excited I'm excited
what are we doing we are going that what
we did oh yes that yes we did we are
called that I want to know will you add
to me why do we okay so you wait what's
on the schedule um well on the schedule
we wait I've strung shirts and the host
office and now senem they're on their
way and by the way you're welcome people
in England that costs $11 to ship the
shirt to you I hope you're happy
it was not cheap it wasn't 11 I lied
what was it nine something I say 11
I'm sorry like Oh cuz there's lovin
ounces that's worth alright I'm like
Lana why I say lemon so now that we said
the the packages this one guy he's
really excited about 960 it was 962 sent
it to England right now we're calling a
gentleman let me down really so okay
you're sucking about to say q1 we should
explain kisses on shaders on iPhone tard
my other channel I have 1,700 of them be
sure to check them all I need to stop
talking I'm supposed to not talk I'm
losing my voice nice Peter told me I'm
doing an epic rap battle history a nice
Peter I went in to record yesterday and
I was talking so much yesterday my voice
I like lost your job is the talk now
that's an issue so hey guys sorry we're
having these conversations with you
which brings up another point just
because you don't see something in the
vlog doesn't mean it didn't happen for
instance yesterday when Prince's hard
told her mom to be quiet trust me the
children are well disciplined
we just don't film when we beat them
okay we always edit that part out maybe
watch guys to know that but trust us we
discipline our kids and we don't let her
talk like that does please just trust me
we didn't take that out cuz we're not
hiding anything like Jack kids throw up
kids are six kids say stupid things they
scream they yell and they say dumping
orchid I hate you mom I hate you I've
said that so many times growing up my
mom was my first round I hate her I've
said very terrible things that I was so
young and liked oh now you just say kids
are no angels compared to like me and my
brothers
really Oh three boys growing up I got
like locking dog cages in the past
there's not dustin Jordan anyways are
you boys okay so this kid on the iPhone
card channel because I am we're losing
weight we just had a workout today uh
where's my shirts fat shirt basically my
entire closet has to go because I am a
larger gentleman in the past and I am
now so we have to erase that past make
me skinny and get rid of the sugar
totally I go back in the past I'll be
skinny and those another shirts will fit
me so the point of sending all my shirts
way is when I go back in future I'll
look like an idiot and all my shirts be
too big that's not the goal of this hmm
what are we why are we doing it we're
calling someone when your shirts the one
anyways this guy's sent us this huge
email with his phone number and an
alternate phone over and another
alternate color you left us a three so
I'm gonna call them in your yeah we're
home right now they come via finished
recording you mean
up or press one for more options for
that number that's right
yo yo yo what's up brothers his Tony P
from the rest of the extravaganza oh
just wonder if you coming down right at
7:34 gluteal training eye shadow Tommy
you tell me you got the word girl bitch
to me
hey yo diz this time we work out best
times - yo Scotty you coming Hey Dude
what's up as a Shea we're calling your
second number second alternate number I
don't know why we're calling you
Congrats on winning the shirt you left
us your phone number we just I would
call you why I'm looking up like I'm
talking into a speaker Scott I guess
Scotty God Gareth God is his name Scotty
is that I think that's him your
alternate and he's your 16 if you didn't
know that already
have you seen for their dress shirt hey
wear it with pride and sent us a Twitpic
we want to see a Twitpic are we on
Facebook oh you may want to watch
shitters Vaughn because you're kind of
in it right now we're recording you
you're not I mean you're listening to
what we're recording later on but then
you're gonna watch us even later cuz
you're probably the voicemail before you
watch the video I think so especially we
just keep talking to a beep thanks bro
love you hope you enjoy the shirt you
should probably wash before you wear it
like you lot as a friend right now easy
now he's here watching all right oh hey
you came to watch the video did you like
it we're done Radhi oh we got press
record oh I like being able to see
myself I never seen myself on a lollipop
because I see you all the time when I'm
editor now you practice so sick of me
huh Terry it's sick of me I got I
remember when I was editing everyday oh
that's sick myself no well this will be
interesting thing you add at this Bret
yeah I've never edited footage like this
like what you're gonna I probably put
any of that it really cuz I did stop
watching you guys what are you doing you
have better things are doing your life
hey guys so we're here climbing we're
gonna start rockin
I already started and so we did it get
active and so man here's our rocks I'm
and sappers are rock climbing here and
right now I'm gonna do a little let's
call bouldering so I know my forearms
feeling it already there's so much
harder than it looks
saw your muscles just light up are you
doing good I'm not rock climbing because
I think it's stupid
you already rock climb right shake it
sauce for that corner it's gonna be my
new gems is my new obsession I love rock
climbing hi used to rock climb when I
was I just graduated college I mean high
school graduate school I dropped out we
used to go meet my buddy Andy would go
like four or five days a week I was like
the best workout I've ever had nice
these rocks are going down I'm going
down Brett's going up though right I'm
tired is up and he's ready to fight
good job hands up Oh
get him get under what a screen belt
dude get a goal hey guys let's get away
from the street while we kick trees down
this trees been bad
we're all scared off with some stripping
Tralee how come you're in a fight with
the tree okay we'll want to bring it to
you can find it okay we're back at the
rock climbing wall oh thanks man fish is
already thanks oh yeah you better be
dude just give me a chalk back 10 easy
to talk for that next hole drop just dip
it in strip it in there you go alright
that's great Mike there's my grip see
Sam you're looking good dog so you guys
guys know Sam's quitting smoking October
1st it's true so this is Howard this is
how we're gonna replace as we're gonna
get active we're gonna get out we're
gonna climb and Sam's and make out some
hot chicks that's what he'll do instead
of smoking yeah yeah just make out with
as many hot chicks are you doing that's
a trusting man right there I
hahaha Yardley dude
hahaha
kiss the ceiling man
I feel like this is in Jurassic Park
with all the small dinosaurs attack that
dude Bronx where you been dude we missed
you
welcome home welcome home buddy boy
hey we got a new babysitter over there
sons are did you hurt him Carly oh just
a sleepy oh don't get lonely Dordogne
you do what are you doing you're like
laying on all of my dirty clothes
brother what happened here
ami tard hoppin no open to my closet hey
where you get he'll real bad baby I
swear sir we're ahead baby just put your
backside I tell Michael woody it's time
to sleep sleep sleep oh you can say that
again I told ya come on tootsie roll
let's go oh it's my Tootsie Roll yeah I
tried oh man faintly now you stop it
stop talking like that you guys want a
shirt I got lots of them I got lots of
shirts give them away we're gonna give
them Jim to eat any winter bread we'll
have a winner for the lucky shirt well
click on the videos oh yeah click on the
winner you might have loved one the
lucky shirt that won't work
car we're in the car right now watch
your vanity out watch yesterday's video
guys here we're gonna stop the vlogs for
a few days did you not hear yet go check
it out on yesterday's round Rio you guys
I appreciate all the positive comments
she has left yesterday on the video is
this a long end slate I'll just make it
red is this long okay love you guys see
you tomorrow bye
