hello how are you
what's up guys hello uh where's the vlog
this is it I'm sorry what happened
earlier is I recorded about 15 minutes
on the high site Oh kind of like a deep
conversation with you guys I really like
let it all out and like let it hang out
out there on the line I was like and I
did that I did that remember that what's
that from uh you know when you get
emotional you get choked up you guys who
remembers we're talking about the other
day yeah I got emotional today is this
this video was making to put up today
after today's vlog and apparently I was
just doing it on the ice site and um you
have to stop it before 15 minutes is up
or you erase it it was just I mean
that's the reason the vlog is late
because I did it this was like today
like - and I really like lay it kind of
like laid it all out on the line like
really like open my heart to you guys
and we had this great conversation that
you were even there for because I lost
the footage and it left and it was like
so devastating I was like are you
kidding me
I just like laid my heart on the line
and then I lost it all like so I don't
really feel like redoing it so that's
why the videos late tonight I'm sorry
guys but let's try to do this again and
you now you're wondering you're like
well what what do we talk about I wasn't
there I wasn't didn't hear you so I'll
try to say it again hmm um okay so here
we go I just kind of want to take a
moment today and just like kind of just
like hit the brakes like urge and I know
what you're saying you're like wait a
minute someone take her - there's no
there was no intro there was no a
notation where's the kids no kids no
keep zone I want to talk to you guys
about this journey that we've been on
and some of you have been on it with us
longer than others some of you been here
the whole time
I can't even imagine I mean three years
will come up on a thousand videos
thousand videos just on Shaytards alone
March fifth coming will be the
three-year mark where we've been you
know doing this every single day
except for a couple we've missed we've
missed how many have we missed I don't
know like five in the last you know a
thousand videos we've missed five or six
days and it's never been like I'm not
making a video today it's always been
like you know the uploads weren't
working our YouTube was broken or you
know I was late or we were traveling you
know some some stupid reasons but you
know we've we've done we've done like
96% of every day for the last three
years we've done well I mean come on
here give us that we almost have a
thousand freaking videos on here which
is insane to me like I mean how I think
of all of that that we have all of our
lives like all of a you know rocked
heart being born and finding out about
him and and just the kids of them
growing up and all the amazing
opportunities we've had to meet you know
people like you know James Blunt nathan
kress from icarly and you know Dave
Ramsey and got to meet Ashton Kutcher
and just traveled all these cool places
and now we live in LA and just like so
such an amazing opportunity
you know because you guys you know
supported us and watched us through all
this and you know at some point it's
like yeah it's like like this means
something you know we've been through a
lot together
and you guys have seen a lot of you know
our lives and you know we've kind of
lived in this fishbowl and we never
really meant for that to happen that way
but it kind of did and there's been a
lot of times when colette and i have
said like you know do we want this we
want our family to be so public you know
our kids you know for people to see and
to ridicule our six-year-old daughter
just because she screamed sometimes you
know like our as parents are we willing
to like let people write these nasty
things about our children on the
internet and at the end of the day what
it comes down to is the positive
feedback and just the messages that you
guys give us about you know the messages
about how we've changed your life and
they're just how sincere you guys are
and the positivity will just feel like
you know because of a few negative
people it would be bad so i feel like we
are doing more than just just living our
lives on the computer i feel like i feel
like we're doing more and i hope that
you guys do too i hope this means
something more to you than just watching
a silly family run and jump around and
throw each other around all the time you
know or whatever we do whatever you
think it is over
I hope it means more to you you know
than just that and because it means a
ton to us you know and we think about
this all the time I know you guys don't
always hear that and I and I because
this is like let's talk about let's let
me update you on how I feel which seems
ridiculous because I make like seven
videos a day on eight different channels
you know a lot about me already but
sometimes you don't always see like
behind the scenes like we you kidding me
like we think about this stuff all the
time we are constantly thinking about
you know how can make things better and
how we can make it so you guys like it
and sometimes it's difficult it's
difficult I'm not complaining but I need
a break and and it's not really like I
need a break from the vlogs I need some
time to flush out a new idea that I have
and that's really what this video is
about is that the vlogs are going to
stop for seven days just seven days and
there were me back straight on track
straight is now but I have a new idea I
have a new sparkle in my eye um the
other night after we had dinner with
Dave Ramsey we came home we put the kids
to bed me and mom and I were talking for
a minute and I kissed her goodnight and
I was just kind of up on the computer
it's you know thinking about everything
and you know what's happening in our
lives and all this crazy stuff and
wanted to write a book for the last five
to six years I've thought I'm gonna
write a book you know one day but I had
never known what it was gonna be I've
always thought you know maybe it could
be like a you know motivational book or
you know I don't know I never knew
exactly I never had a concept that I
felt good about where I was like yeah
that's it I could write about that you
know what I mean you know where I felt
like I maybe had enough experience or
enough you know like experience to you
know make it worth it for somebody to
read it but the other night after we had
dinner with Dave Ramsey and stuff I was
just kind of thinking about you know
just what it takes to succeed and you
know what it takes to really be
successful however you define the word
success whether it be having a great
family just having inner peace we're
having lots of money like how do you
define success it just depends on what
your definition of success is but you
know everybody's definition is different
but how do you reach that definition
whatever your definition
it doesn't matter but we should always
be working towards that definition right
that success we should try to
self-actualize eyes yourself you know
become the best person you can be and
hopefully you think about that I was the
other night sitting there thinking about
that and just like what I do anyways he
came to me it came to me and I have it
in my little hand it's like our little
baby bird alright just wanted hey
I'm not Chris Farley um so I have the
title I have the concept and I have the
title of the first two chapters first
two chapters of my book I have a book
and I know like yeah what do you know
you don't know nothing well you just
you're just young lad
what are you 31 it's Betty I started the
farm any of you talk like that um no I
don't have anything to tell you you
can't learn anything from me but I can
motivate you I do know how to motivate
people I really do and I can if I can if
I can just get the right words to put
them together so I'm a better motivator
like I like this and I could talk to you
I got my title of my book and I need
some time to flush it out and I need
some time I can't tell you the title yet
because I have to take it all the legal
stuff in place I got to get the website
and like you know all that stuff I got
to get the foundation I got to be a
wisdom and order in all things I gotta
be careful you know because this is a
big deal I told I told Colette I said
this is my next thing this is my next
this is my next this is my next I'm
gonna make a video every day for a year
this is my next thing you know and I'm
so excited about it
I am so excited about it it just reminds
me back like when I had the idea when I
was 29 years old Mike 29th but well I
thought about the idea before I turned
29 I was 28
not what yeah what comes before 29 128
that's 28 I was about to turn 29 and I
thought to myself I'm like this is the
last year my 20
I'm gonna be 30 next year so I remember
when this idea came to me to do a video
every single day for a year I was like
every single day for a year I can barely
do to a week to a week is killing me
just like learning how to edit and then
like uploading like it the upload fails
I'm like plus I wasn't getting paid at
the time you know so it was like I was
like this leap of faith I think I had
just started getting paid on YouTube but
it was like nothing to like be able to
like live on so I decided to do the
daily vlogs it was kind of like this
leap of faith almost because at the time
like the money had started to come in
from YouTube but it was so small that I
was still doing real estate jobs and I
still doing granite jobs you don't know
my story at that time when I started
YouTube I was a real estate agent and I
own my own granite company and then I
started doing a radio being a radio DJ
and all kind of flowed into this YouTube
thing but then once I finally caught it
into YouTube and I started making a
little bit of money off of it like my
first check I remember was maybe like
like 200 bucks for a month worth of work
so it's like you worked for a month and
you get 200 bucks that's that's not
worth it but it's awesome to get even a
dime off of doing this so I remember
like the first time I realized that I
was like are you kidding me they're
gonna pay me to like just be myself and
just to like entertain people I'd like I
remember that concept landing on my
brain and I was like this is like back
when this happened I was like this is
what I'm gonna do this is it this is
what I've been searching for this entire
time I was 28 years old I had a wife and
two kids and I had to had like every job
Under the Sun I was a car salesman I was
a bus driver I was a door-to-door pest
control salesman you think comments are
bad try having a dude on the front door
you're knocking on a door he opens the
door and says if you don't get off my
front step I'm gonna shoot you try that
nope YouTube comments are close to like
doing door-to-door sales you want to try
some hard work go knock on the doors in
Phoenix Arizona for eight hours trying
to sell a 400 dollar annual pest control
contract that is no walk in the park my
friends I'm not gonna anyways so um you
know I've done all these things that
were like you know salesman jobs like I
always knew I was
good at talking to people so I always
thought well be either a Salesman or a
businessman because you know when you
grow up and you're in school and they
always give you those tests like what
are you gonna be when you grow up
tell you take this test fill out this
bubble sheet you're gonna be a lawyer I
could tell look it says right here and
see you know whatever I take those I'm
like I don't want to do any of these
things like all the things that I for
suggested like fields that I could go
into after high school or whatever I'm
like that all looks like it sucks I
don't wanna do any of that so when I
found you two it was like this is act I
found my thing I found it and now it's
been four years it's been this is I'm 31
and I this has been my job longer than
any job I've ever had any job I've ever
had and that's cool to me and it's like
I'm not even near tired of it like I
remembered all the other jobs I do for
two or three years I'm like I cannot do
this anymore like I you know as like as
a dead-end job you know I could do the
work but it's like you know when I'm
making 14 bucks an hour I work for
another six months maybe they give me a
raise to fifteen fifty an hour and if
I'm lucky in five years from now I'll
work my way up to 20 bucks and I'm like
there's no way there's no way I can
support my family and give them the life
that I want to give my family the the
you know I want to I want to give them
the best life I can and I just knew that
doing those things were I had to find
something else that I loved and I could
flourish at and that I would be rewarded
for my work and my personality because
you work at a job where you get paid 10
bucks an hour doesn't matter how hard
you work you can work as hard as you
want you can slack off as much as you
want get so much you get paid 10 bucks
an hour guess how much I get paid if I
work harder more so that's what I wanted
I wanted to be in an environment where
it's like if I worked harder and did
more it was more creative and more
thoughtful and tried to like create
stuff no matter if it's YouTube or
anything I wanted to be able to get paid
for what I did and not you know I want
to be I knew I was worth more than
whatever they were paying me oh my gosh
why have I gotten off this huge tangent
I'm gonna write this book and I need 7
days to go in the mountains to kind of
like flush it all out and to think about
it and so I'm going hunting with my dad
and my brother and my son and we're
gonna go to Idaho and we're gonna go in
the mountains and we're gonna like
you know camouflage all over our faces
and we're gonna hide in the trees and
rub elk pee on us so we smell like it's
gonna be so the vlogs are gonna stop for
seven days this Friday
we're leaving on Friday and it's gonna
be what is what is the date come on
oh my gosh I only got a minute I can't
got to be done before 15 minutes or I'm
gonna lose this video okay I want to
know the dates specifically I should
just put them down in the description so
xxx that we'll have yes we'll have a
vlog on the 30th and then I get back on
the 7th so then we'll be back on the 8th
okay
so Saturday the first of October there's
me no Shaytards until the 8th of October
we're taking a break 7 days I need some
time to think about this book concept
and it might take me a year to write
this book it might take me two years I
cannot wait to tell you guys about it
and I'll tell you this right now before
I go when I come back on the 8th I'll
tell you the name of my book the concept
and I'll I'll pitch you the whole the
whole well not the whole thing but I'll
tell you the title maybe a little bit of
the concept because I don't want to like
lose that okay I'll see you guys in a
few I'll see you tomorrow because we're
not leaving till Friday so tomorrow's
vlog will be regular ok I'm sorry the
problems like say I love you
