okay okay okay okay okay surprise trip
to Los Angeles we're going to go to the
dancing lift at the daughter yes look at
my wife she looks beautiful you know
what though you don't always mean about
I think you look fabulous the answer the
stars very excited let's go come with us
you guys want to come let's go here we
are 16 passenger ban that we've somehow
squeeze 23 people into Lindzi where we
go and tell them guys is crazy because
the only time that either of these two
have ever been was with each other
and I just didn't sorry just seeing they
didn't invite you this time don't worry
I dress team we're do the ocarina later
don't worry I was like well I can leave
do whatever you want to do inside
they'll see you hopefully from your
seats you can get a couple of photos on
the stage before handle is dancing ABC
and our hashtag WTF oh my there's a
there's a woo that was that weird I just
can't call that well I didn't mean to do
that I meant okay I said there's a I
don't know to say I just
here we go here we go yes ready going in
right now waiting here I'm ready if you
guys go in you guys can go in waiting
Ashley
Philip behave yourself in there don't
dance too hard all right Brian behave
yourself in there oh no he's gonna get
it he's gonna get it here's a dancer
here we go backstage backstage backstage
tell her all the secrets oh she needs to
know how they spit Howard's back here
could you guys technically unplug the
whole show right now
No
I could though look just kidding okay
we're backstage guys backstage and
Dancing with the Stars about to walk out
on stage are you excited
grandma this is for you my grandma has
the biggest Dancing with the Stars fan
here we are check it out
and then for some idiotic reason I
didn't get my camera out for the rest of
the night I can't remember why but
here's some cool pictures here's all the
lovely ladies that we went with here's
my boy Chester C and filly D of course
me and my lady I never feel as confident
as when my lady is on my arm and then
thanks to Ashley Kosta we got to go
backstage and meet some of the dancers
they were amazing we got to meet some of
the contestants
got to meet Paige Vanzant who is a
professional UFC fighter who could
probably kick my butt got to meet the
guy from boys to men unfortunately he
got kicked off that night got to see Tom
Bergeron our friend that we met from
America's Funniest Videos I got to make
a video with him back in the day and
then there's this one clip of right
after the two contestants got eliminated
and it was pretty cool to see like this
backstage moment of everybody hugging he
could tell they'd really kind of created
a strong bond between everybody that had
been on the show so this was a cool
backstage moment we had a blast
hanging out with all of our YouTube
friends and seeing whether freaking
production that is very impressive they
can put that show on live and record it
so it was a lot of fun now we're back in
Idaho
nice job back
action Dancing with the Stars
why don't we film any of it after we
walked in the studio baby huh talk to me
now tender why timid dance dance with
cool boots boots I was so like I
couldn't we didn't vlog during the
entire thing because I was mesmerised
say please blow bubbles duh - it's a big
bubble machine yeah well we had a great
time at Dancing with the Stars yeah
after we walked in and we saw that
beautiful set we just watched the show
we sat on the very front row if any of
you were watching live on TV because it
is a live show they're like hey were
coming back from commercial everybody
stand up it was cool to be part of the
live audience a part of the whole
process but um yeah we I remember moving
my camera a couple of times because the
crew was like they had to move some of
the cables we were like right there it
was exciting
if you go watch my Instagram video you
saw Tom Bergeron the host of the show we
were like chatting with him right before
he went live it was exciting it was fun
yeah it was cool to be there be part of
it but we're home now we had a blast
thank you to Mike and Ashley Costa
Ashley was a pro dancer on Dancing with
the Stars for like four or five six
seasons or something and then she like
made a family but um yeah they invited
us and then we went with like Phil and
Lindsey and Chester and grace and daily
bumps were there and Jared and Ellie and
Carl and ginger the whole YouTube crews
Stewart edge
it was fun am I forgetting somebody
Nikki Phillippi I shouldn't have started
saying names like to thank my mom my
acting coach back in 93 oh we're home
now we're taking the kids to school for
five more days and then it's summer some
must some much time
single women now gotta sit back and
unwind cool kids making you know that
song remember that song you don't know
that song who remembers that song some
Muslim mid/side what does it hurt bad
enough for you to cry like a little
whiny baby oh maybe it does let's let's
go investigate hopefully it's not a nail
or something up for like a jerk let's
see is it bad you get a sticker
let me dude I'm sorry look at me
are you alright what is it here take
your sock off what's rusticated Hey what
it's like in your shoe hey grass dude
don't need to bite your toe off so you
know what real pain is cuz I will I'll
get down there and I'll nibble a little
piggy off this little piggy went to the
market this little piggy got bitten off
by daddy all right hey did you blow some
bubbles yeah you did
can I see I want to watch Hey will you
show me some bubbles outside let's go
see show me okay I want to see these
bubbles are you gonna show me let's see
are you good at it okay let's see you
boom and then screw first though huh
whoa cool you're good at those let's see
it again
dummy to help you well don't be sad
let me help you watch boys like that
here Brock okay
all right spin around there you go go
get them
nice job okay well good that's Ana's
vlogging I'm making a Caesar salad
Rowland turn the camera around show
yourself
nope not upside down I mean look show
your face this face who's you what's
your name say nice to meet you everybody
so we're making dinner say dad's making
a Caesar salad right here mom's making
some steaks over here we're making food
for the kids again I mowed the lawn
today and my legs got fried hurts so bad
look I got my socks on oh look at that
greenness oh I love it
you guys it smells so amazing out here
Shay cut the grass today and it just has
that aroma of fresh I love you he did he
lawn mower dit it's so beautiful in the
sky is pink Oh disgusting it's so
beautiful
I love it out here it's almost summer
time spring I feel like in Idaho it's a
last maybe three weeks and then it's
summer then it's just super hot but I'm
not complaining it's beautiful out here
babe come show us your fresh-cut grass
can you show us what happened when you
were cutting your fresh-cut grass oh oh
it's really burnt like steamed torna I'm
gonna go find you some aloe vera okay I
can't get up for the next three days you
do I agree
go get me all right you're doctors no
I'm the doctor
whoa nice clip you guys want to know
what the Shaytards watch the Shaytards
watch the Shay charts on Christmas
do you watch eight hearts on Christmas
seriously
they frequently watch episode after
episode of the Christmas special
yeah of course much there really it's
the fun part because I'm turning into
the next yes and tomorrow you're gonna
do something special or you don't count
yeah yes and it's a my stunts time to be
like and I'm gonna try things I'm going
to twist in the air
who are they excited you wanted
hopefully I won't die because I was so
nervous to do it at practice the last
time I didn't hit my head so I'm okay
well I told you cheerleading's dangerous
president had to go to the emergency
room yet seriously my poor friend
Stephanie so nice it's amazing what that
girl went through a lot liar but I was a
flier too but I wasn't a flier until
like my senior year because I was kind
of scared cuz on the list but yeah I
flew my senior year but she flew all the
years and she got dropped a lot
so cheerleading's dangerous yeah and
when I do my first time I there's like
three teachers on each side so I was
fine
they better not drop you or I'm gonna
come down there and punch him in the
face did you tell them that okay good
because you don't want your mom's
punching you in the face
that's dangerous that's even dangerous
very interested in dropping
