you are not watching the Shaytards vlog
just sit back for you let's follow
because
every two years and you excited
murmuring
hey guys so I'm just walking around
trying to find where everybody is I'm
supposed to film something with Lisa I'm
looking for her we just saw oh my
phone's ringing we just saw I like I was
sitting in my car and I could hear all
this like rumbling and I think it was we
are here a maker studios just felt a
little bit with Lisa I don't know what
my children are doing but let's find out
this is where they live and are you
quiet mom oh that's not nice is that the
right place you want it even the first
the first time
what we're doing yes hello I know
everything so we were just on our way to
maker and heard this this like Thunder
noise and I look up in the sky and it's
Obama we saw bond that we saw his baby
was fine it was flying through the snow
it's five helicopters they were like
those huge ones with like the double we
call those the propeller copters the
copters yes you're like for me ones that
were like gray gone lower than one of
them and I would have got the camera but
I got it out and I turned it on and I
realized that I hadn't set it up yet cuz
this is my new camera you guys wanna see
it and it has three purple bedazzle so
Shay cannot take it mine are you that
actually goes well with your eyes I
think I like it
they are developing their challenge in
costuming and makeup so they're gonna be
the next employees I'm not sure he's
trying to take a hole in the bottom of
the couch that's what he's doing how do
you feel like a new you today yeah
fantastic baby it's hard makeover our
princess Arden upside-down cheerleading
splits or something nice do it again
okay sweet hey you guys so the girl was
here on the corner the other day with
the sinus it was asking for a boob job
is here and she's still
she stands in the way but she said on
the front I want to ask her if she saw
herself on YouTube she's behind this
band move man
we can't leave the girl we wanted to
talk to her dumb band face hey Sam hey
do you want to make an announcement yeah
I suppose it's time do you wanna really
we didn't think we can stop no I think
it's time you want it I'm gonna have a
baby and Sam don't want to tell anybody
but we had this big conversation because
I just told them about the book that I'm
gonna write I just came up with my book
right but I don't want it I don't want
to say the name of it yet because it
would kind of give it away so cuz I
gotta get some things into place before
I you know announce that I literally
have the title of my book I have the
concept of my book and I'm excited like
I started crying last night this is how
ridiculous it is you just came to me I
gotta get in I was like that's it that's
my idea cuz like for the longest time
for the last four years five years I've
always thought I want to write a book or
I want to have I want to work on some
big project I just need to come up with
this idea like I just felt like I didn't
have the idea and finally like with a
culmination of like having dinner with
Dave Ramsey and just like being here in
LA and everything it just finally
clicked it's like gonna be like my new
thing and I just told these guys about
it not many people know about it because
of the concept Sam oh that's right
you're not lit up right now that started
yeah oh my D it's over yeah I've lost 80
pounds bro and that's why it's another
that's another part of it too this is 80
pounds I'm gonna be annoying I feel like
I'm gonna get annoying awesome how many
become that I'm annoying like
motivational guy it's like okay - yeah
get over like eight miles ago I'm gonna
get go mouthing we're gonna go yeah
Albertsons I'm telling you
I'm vlogging here dear Sam's tweeting
are you tweeted a tweeting it between
the smoking thing yeah right you guys
will probably see it on Twitter first
but this is the origination oh he's
that's how serious he's committing
himself right now okay I'm point over
only in LA check out this dude that like
I don't know that is an El Camino kind
of like thing with a fox tail on his
antenna he's got like long white hair
tattoos a Stewart is stylin I wanna see
this dude it's hilarious he just
cruising down the road not a care in the
world this is El Camino tear tied behind
his back I feel like that guy right
though so uh hey guys going on I just
got done swimming for my exercise that
was my exercise today I was swimming I
swam hard it was good hey guys hey I'm
bad news did you tell him the bad news
about what happened last night at the
mouth you guys caught a mouse I had to
do something yeah there was a towel that
was on fire but it's alright we don't
burn our kids she's trying to get us a
daycare for the kids what come here I'll
tell you guys you guys want to hear
about it to grow some story let's go up
to where the scene of the crime happened
okay so in our garage we have this
little thing that goes up here and you
guys I told you once but I'm gonna be
able to half point there I promise it's
gonna happen you just wait and see on
the other part if I ever told you guys
no I haven't told you that I think I've
told everybody else that's ever come to
my home I'm gonna build a halfpipe right
here right here in this area and then up
here we're gonna have a podcast we're
gonna make this up here this room is
gonna be like a place where we do
podcasts we're in like renovate this if
we buy the house we're gonna see okay so
there is my sup here just wrap it and
get it okay so listen I have something
very sad to tell you guys so let's sit
down so I can tell you oh come on baby
Todd come up you want to hear a sad
story okay so listen
see you guys there's a mouse up here we
can hear them in the walls you guys got
these glue traps and we set out a glue
trap but a lot of people in the comments
were like that's not nice because then
they live there they die slowly so son
jar we put one over there and then last
night I heard this squeaking when you
guys went to bat I heard this squeaking
so I came up here and one of the mice
that we caught was on the glue board the
mouse is on the glue board yes hunter
centaur caught him and he was stuck he
was stuck in the glue and he was trying
to get out and I was kind of sad because
he was trying to get out I felt bad for
him cuz I didn't want to kill him you
know but he was so stuck remember I told
you he'd get stuck in that blue and
never get out
oh my Hannah Montana what are you doing
dude he's a master of stairs you kidding
me look at mr. one shoe bless his heart
hey guys what's going on up here I wanna
hang out and hear about the mouse so
listen you guys listen so then the mouse
is on there and I felt bad and I wanted
to try to get him off because he was
like crying so I got these two butter
knives and I got the butter knives and I
pretended like they were like a forklift
and I tried to put him underneath his
body and like just try to put like these
two flat butter knives underneath his
body and then try to pick him up off of
the thing and I was gonna let him go in
the backyard like in the very back yard
in the bush but I couldn't get him off
and I had to kill him
cuz you were asleep he's still in the
garbage can you wanna go see him he's
dead are you sure alright come on you
want to sing dart come on you I see
a dead mouse bro let's see a dead mouse
wanna play in the Attic I felt really
bad it was just something that I had to
do because I could not get it off the
glue board I tried and I tried and he
was like yelling he was like squeaking
at me like don't worry me too are me
because I think it first he was just
scared but then it was like he was stuck
so bad I had to put him out of his
misery I was a hard thing was really
hard cuz he was it was like right there
I was there looking him in the eye and
it's like I'm taking your life right now
I know it's sad it was really hard it's
like yeah it's like I was look at him
like your life's about to end like I'm
about to prevent Oh cuz you're in a bad
way dude there's no way you're getting
off this thing I mean I tried to use
water I sprayed with the hose I mean I
tried for like ten minutes I couldn't
get him off things like he's gotta go
you guys I'm gonna see a dead mouse and
something you probably want to hear any
of this right now do you guys think
you're right you're right why don't
well so that's that hard decision we
have to make huh it's sad ecocide you
want to see it again do you think it was
gross don't hurt no don't don't garbage
and don't touch the garbage can just
look you know you feel sad about the
mouse it's a life lesson right oh who
does these days that's like after what
happened in the 30s nobody wants mice in
their answers after the depression and
all the mice were in the high so I was
like so glad I have to live through that
very difficult time what do we got going
on here mommy tart is it already that
time of year is it this time of year
already
hey who's this fat lard you married
who's this guy what's that guy doing
with you that's not your husband hey
anyways so yeah I'm ready to kill on the
high to kill announced it was hard to
kill my parents but I don't want them to
suffer and we can't have a mouse in our
house because we got kids and it's just
not safe they're not clean and you just
gotta get rid of them yeah yeah you know
where is the humane way like if you
could catch it and take it out to a
field that would probably the nicest way
well you just realistically you just
can't you don't have time you gotta get
rid of the mouse and I did and it was
hard it was really hard forget II
remember guys and we promised spent the
start spaghetti and we didn't have it
and we're like can we do it tomorrow
night and she was cool enough to agree
and she said yes so now he's gonna give
all this spaghetti that's spaghetti and
we got that golden deliciousness you
know how I'm always like hey we have
some more that golden deliciousness
thank you no I kept getting rock-hard
some more what happened to his first
full of spaghetti usually he's a good
dog Andi wait so they're done and
nothing is getting old enough for you
like I'm gonna risk it man I'm gonna
move in and I'm gonna try to get that
entire bowl of spaghetti he's like I'm
all of the underneath that and you just
sit there and let him do it
you don't even fight back you could give
him a poke in the nose if you want sweet
so I happened this case you know yet
he knows rocks is missing oh wait so you
killed him out well I had to do it or he
was just suffering maybe it's a life for
a life maybe that's why Bronx has gone
branches member of PETA it's like I
believe in you killed the mouse you know
I would blame you but I've actually done
it myself you don't kill the mouse I
have I'm quite manly but it was said
yeah it was it was a fake Mouse wasn't
it no it was real go get a free shirt
