you are not watching the Shaytards fall
just sit back relax follow along
material inside for three
sometimes it
yeah let me hear that baby these things
it's so lovely hey guys here on the
Reaper
such a good singer Adele has nothing on
shaycarl and Dalia you shake I really
got saved
well three other letters again hi what
the heck am i doing a little excited I
am a little excited we are heading right
now to a live event for none other than
my my friend dave ramsey and ice without
11,000 people in the Long Beach
Convention Center and Dave um emailed us
like platinum tickets like backstage
like we get our feet massaged as we
watch the show kind of tickets they just
email them to us we're heading to the
show right now and I'm so excited
ah this is actually the second time I've
met Dave we went before I even did
YouTube before I even knew what YouTube
was we're listening to ran Dave Ramsey
and turan I just go on by his last name
now yo Rev no runs no runs TVs without a
Financial Peace University Rev that's
question choose your rooms you teach me
but none by that you'll be smooth if
you're part of the Lambo group thanks
I'm you see Dave in the halls alway but
your ribs your ribs could you both
please Road okay guys do that came
anyways um so we go this is a second
time I've met Dave them like I said the
first time before I even did you to we
were listening today and we went to Salt
Lake and we got like the back we bought
we like splurged only bought the nice
tickets because you can let go and eat
dinner with them and stuff and we met
them and
shook his hand it was really awesome so
this will be the second time meeting
name but now he like knows who I am
so it's kind of more fun plus my wife is
hot that was so funny the funniest when
we were doing improv the other night and
cuz I was like one of the things I said
in my mono I was at monologist somebody
somebody was like so yeah actually he
didn't really do improv because
basically all's I did was just tell a
story you know they say shout out a word
and then I just like tell a story of
like whatever comes to my mind but I
want to start doing like I talked to
Lloyd and yeah then I'm gonna start like
I'm acting it out with him like I'm
gonna keep going there to that that
comedy place it's exciting like it's fun
that what's a goal by side come alright
so this eye my my thing I guess like
Sean like everyone go up my wife√≠s and
then one of the dudes he did this thing
where he is like hello what was he a
restaurant or something and he's like I
would like that just to stand up right
now and let everybody know here there's
a stablishment that my wife is super hot
and actually she has a twin there's two
of them and then the maitre d came out
it was hilarious
I don't think we got that part of the
blog hell no part of it yeah you did you
got a lot of good fun okay we're driving
by barking was horrendous but there's no
excuse for tardiness
we just wanna focus Bailey look he's
right there he's with me right there
he's like why are you like Jack you're
in trouble let's call the lane color
there's the lady were supposed to
cautious in the Kinison friend dog hey
color oh she lost okay
we're dogging together he's a bar youth
over my jogging that's big okay where
the convention center
we're near the marriage the marriage
will be fine man four years a little bit
TV things I do all my stories
so you everybody how did you happen spot
I'm like dude when you fall that for it
really don't balance slack the fact that
punish that is Thomas get over the SUV
nice
side of the houses it is a satellite
dish that has like 5 million chant coil
house and you walk along the sidewalk in
front of place in it so I walk this line
is real nice oh this house ah there we
go
see now he's been he's been like pushing
my stuff right now two people the
biggest thing on YouTube and good
morning ok this is all alright we'll pay
you so Dave right now you guys gonna
sign two books we're gonna give to you
guys so he's gonna sign two of these
babies and then we're good mouthing you
I don't know we'll figure out me and
Brett we'll figure out how we're gonna
give them out you guys there's a real
signature sign even ladies don't
scribble on my book don't forget you
said coming in the last two days you say
we're thousand-man watch the housing
look at the clock law has signed two
books for you guys we'll give them away
to you guys anyways this is awesome
mazing I've cried twice alright what is
it our channel live like no one else
shall I be okay li ke
and no one know liebelei these guys
they're doing this play a lot them how
they're dead how long have you been
doing it now we've been doing that it'll
be a year in January and these guys
inspired us I'm writing it out in my
head Lagoon these guys inspired us to
start documenting our journey to become
debt free in the sacrifices were making
I actually got laid off in that time so
I lent a lot of time in my that's in
Terry regen Miller's book yeah so we
just share our journey you know with our
kids my wife Hannah how many kids yeah
we got to get checking out you guys
check out well we're all done
oh my gosh it basically treated us like
gold the entire time they had a girl who
literally was like our handler who
basically she met us at the front door I
took us backstage to hang out with Dave
she like got us food and water
she gave us basically every book they've
ever put out Dave signed two of those
I'm gonna give to you guys I got John a
cop's book quitter
it's all about closing the gap between
your day job and your dreams out about
leaving the job that you hate and doing
work you love got that book we got a
bunch of stuff for kids that we're
teacher kids teaching kids about money
they basically gave us probably like
five hundred dollars worth of
merchandise
thanks for the merchants dad we're gonna
give it all you guys mostly except for
the kids stuff when use that to teach
our kids but we'll send all these other
books to you guys you guys can have a
couple which is only three so there's a
lot of people who are gonna get wrong I
felt more motivated than I think I've
ever felt in my entire life really I
thought what I was like there were
literally like 15 times 30 gravitation
where I got that all right there was
signs where I like there was one time
where I was really like felt like I was
like dripping tears like I was crying I
was like I remember the part where he
talked about working so hard when you
get us so ahead of life that you can
maybe one day on Mother's Day you can go
to the Waffle House on your yeah on
Thanksgiving on your way to your mom's
house and you can stop in and you know
the people that have to work on
Thanksgiving there Mother's Day are in
there working and you can give a single
mom $2 working on Thanksgiving unless
they yeah nobody works on Thanksgiving
unless they have to or Christmas what if
one of those is a single mom and you go
in there and you have worked in your
life where you you know you turn about
being retired and how you can
save now and you can be literally
retiring millionaire if you just
literally do these things that work
you'll have any debt let's imagine right
now if you don't have any payment what
could you do if you have the money that
was coming in live all the philanthropy
you could do think of all the good
things that you can do to help other
people and just like when he talked
about that I was like I want to be able
to do that I want to be able to like
give somebody a ridiculously big tip
just because just because you can just
tell that they're working hard and that
they probably need a little break and
you could be the person to help them to
me that means more than anything is like
you have the ability to be rich and
skinny that's one thing that he said
he's like you know it's all just about
controlling your appetites and your
desires like you literally can choose
not to put as much food in your mouth
and you can become skinny listen there's
another he said this - there's always a
book on the National New York Times
bestseller that's a weight loss book
guess what
eat less exercise more that is all those
books saying every single one of them
that's the secret to weight loss there's
no secret you eat less you burn more
food than you put into your body it's
the most simple of concepts but yet it's
a multi-billion dollar industry and
people like what do I do I need a book
rebooted that's what Dave does like he
teaches these things but this is like
it's not about knowledge that's another
thing he said it's it's it's 80%
behavior and about 20% of knowledge so
you can buy all these freaking books you
get all this craft the Dave Ramsey's
peddling and not do a damn thing and
you're never gonna change you've got to
change your heart who you are
if you won the lottery today you're
gonna know what was all the statistics
he is given about how most lottery
winners you know lose all their money
within five years they're divorced
yeah and it's because these people
aren't ready to handle this
responsibility you have to change your
heart you have to decide that you can
become that person you have to be an
adult who can say no to this thing right
now because I'm not gonna do that I
don't have to have the nicest car when
I'm a high school you know when I get my
driver's license you live differently so
that later you can live differently
maybe you drive a crappy piece of junk
car around for ten years but because of
not having a car payment maybe instead
of having a 250-300 ollar car payment
you take that money you put it aside for
ten years and also you can buy a brand
new car with cash let's print out the
best financial decision to make
I'm just saying like these things are
literally a choice that story that he
told at the very end I'd heard that
story a million times and it really
meant a lot more to me about the wise
man in the bird the bird is as you will
it if you choose to make it happen you
can and it really is a principle that is
true you really can decide to create and
do something and accomplish it as long
as you set a plan work at it you take
baby steps and you don't quit you never
quit you look what you're gonna do you
strategize a way to do it you think
about all the all the different things
that you might need to know to make
whatever you want to do successful and
you go and you never quit and you can do
it it really happens the cliches are
cliches for a reason because they really
work you work hard you have desire you
never give up those stupid things you
always learn growing up like in sports
they'd never give up you can do it Tommy
I'll believe in you they really do work
I'm excited it's true Oh Dave Ramsey
you're a man saving that money saves and
they give oh so this is okay so this is
like tithing college toys yeah notice
how the save one is the biggest one yeah
it's kind enough they meant to do that
Matt of course that's so smart makes
sense so we need to get three of those
for each of them they gave it to us oh
we did yeah that's pretty cool there are
four of those they give us four of those
it was Meg huh Meg hook us up hey give
Meg arrays we want Meg data raised right
now she got you to me to talk about you
things I want her to get a percentage
meg you going to Dave's office you say
Randy you teach about that monitor
please traffic all right we're going
home we gotta relieve the babysitter's
they're freaking out they got seven kids
between Carly and Kaylee we gotta go
save them now so there's 11,000 people
in the Long Beach Convention Center it
makes me think how many people are
walking out of that Convention Center
just after what they heard I mean we
were in there for hello in there we're
there for six hour Dave Ramsey was
screaming at us for six five six hours
it doesn't did it we were there for six
hours sitting in these chairs we had
like breaks or stuff oh I know I don't
even check my football app once Boise
State Broncos they're playing right now
I'd even check the app one that's how
although I was and I was like when I
first invited to come this is my uh
gonna miss the bronc of the Boise Bronco
game day here's what I'm gonna say
I can't help but to think how many
people are walking out of that
Convention Center today that are going
to become millionaires the 20% of
knowledge that they learned in there
whatever they learned in that little six
hour session what are the people are
gonna do with it they before I'm like
I'm so excited like trying to tell you
is everything anyways I'm gonna stop
talking I'll tell you this right now
though I am one of those people walking
out of there today who I promise you one
day I'll be a millionaire okay
telling you that right now we're just
I'm in oh I bet you you're by all how
many ships can I spend with a million
two hundred she's nice right I know
she's spending I don't where she is
anymore
good we're not buying any more shoes I
wear these shoes and these are awesome
like I did when you have the dog chewing
on them
Bronks chewed on him let's see and
that's what puppies do just like right
there Bronx
she's pissed cuz Bronx Gator knows shoes
but they're so wearable they just have a
little scuffs
warned ya anyways my also big shout-out
to Rachel who's Dave's daughter who was
super nice and vomit art said she liked
her because she was really hug mom's I
like that when people can just like hug
how was that however some people they
like she came up to us and she hugged us
it's like in the book Dale Carnegie's
how to win friends and influence people
he said think about every time a dog
greets you they run up there jumping
there wagging their tail they're like
they love you so you think you doesn't
yeah yeah who doesn't like mean greeted
that way when you greet people and like
Rachel did she came up she's like hi
like hugging us it's like I like her you
can immediately like somebody because
you're like wow they seem real
nice are like hugging me and like you
notice that we look at that ad it's like
a bunch of pills oh it's like birth
control says you choose it's pills or a
condom can you listen to me vlogging
instead of making a billboard there's so
many ever been Los Angeles oh you get in
LA you get movie posters billboards and
Star Trek Star with blood splatter yeah
there's Bowie poster everywhere you
choose aids health calm OHS at the
website icon it's promoting AIDS health
calm I don't get it why does how do
pills help you not get I thought it was
like a birth control you choose one of
the pills there's a picture of a condom
and a picture of pills and it says you
choose AIDS health calm are the pills
birth control but it's like how does
pills help you but this is took a really
weird turn
that's conversation wish she never
brought that billboards my attention
we're having such a good conversation
about hugging and then all sudden what I
my anyways back to that you have AIDS -
oh all right we gotta turn this camera
off right now Cooper tell him what we're
about to do collect own birthday we're
about to stingray Lee's birthday what
song are innocent
it's like quits it starts helping out
where my ever-present Django get it
first I get them first
okay yeah hey yes there's a there's my
mom
mami tart mom chart grandma tart high
drama tart she sent a present for Braley
that's here in our garage about to go
get it k okay here it is
this is Braley's secret present from
Grandma tarde
that is up here so this is the secret
present and do you want to know what it
is it's a secret you'll have to wait
till you open if I ever bag Oh mom I'm
so sorry I broke your present mom please
only mad at me I'm so small please I got
the present at my tard happy birthday
everybody shut up and start singing ha
ha hey Bailey I'm really sorry I broke
it I dropped it down the stairs
I'm sorry dude please forgive me hey
good it's your problems you get a
present but but look you have one shoe
on so let's like everything's cool with
every new resident of California this is
a must-have it's an ocean device from
Grandma got my lorry my mom is the best
mom tell your mom you love her right now
tell mom you love her I'm just watching
this video tell her you ever tell you
you look tell our mom Lakhdar tell your
grandma you love her grandma looks like
we needed another boogie board send one
ASAP kay we need a lot of boogie boards
grandma I'm gonna have to get some
boogie boards who I think a boogie board
raise your hands
everyone likes a forgiver put all right
grandma so I guess the order has been
filled
we need 18 boogie boards ASAP thanks
thanks mom love you hey rock garden is
that uh how's that cake bro well I don't
you let me try it where you get the
spoonful of it Oh give me more you're
doing it Peter that's the color of love
bang all right gimme okay
oh snap he's challenging you if we're
gonna do put in his hair gonna try to
diligence oh my gosh rock card you make
me crack up that is so funny just doing
whose idea was it to give the baby cake
here ten o'clock at night and our
one-year-old
is eating ice cream we are bad parents
hey bro Chris with us on whatever Rock
tard say goodbye to everybody
Tom I'll see him tomorrow like ours see
you tomorrow thanks for watching me eat
ice cream cake love you boys all right
Brits a star is gonna be a little snap
good shot woman dude you're so right
inside five good job you are daring the
most daring Prince's tard was the only
one who was willing to do it I know
everybody hey but you know what you
realize that you're the first one who
dared to do it was a trailblazer you're
the first man on the Moon you're the
first man on the moon you're the one you
were the one who dared do it first
oh and look at all the successful trips
after you there's so many there's so
many good times had because you were
willing to take that step hey I'm proud
of you for being so daring by the way I
love you
good job I'm just more than you or it's
so much cake dough gentlemen II yell you
know how many calories you just consume
you're gonna have to do a lot of cardio
tomorrow bro he's like here dad you
deserve a bite you've been working hard
like watch rock face wash rag fail hey
eyes like what what's the more
short chill did it alright take your
kids and get out of my house right now
go go where Disneyland is gonna
Disneyland no you're not going we don't
love you enough to take you to
Disneyland sorry oh it was very nice
better some stupid jerkface shake our
super walk guy I'm gonna take your
family to Disneyland and you can't come
why are you to go without me fine you
come but silly thrown rocks your window
God's construction I'm like dude I think
we have some teenagers go rough up go
get a shirt we got a new shirt giveaway
today oh yeah yesterday's vlog and I
have we can't tell them actually what
secrets cool stuff to come
