honey honey I'm famous you are yeah you
know why cuz the guy who just caught a
touchdown or just caught a really big
pass the hit on you once and Boise
remember ok so it's Sunday hello how are
you Goodwin takes under to you we're
watching I'm watching football they're
getting lunch ready claiming some dishes
hi I helped too they don't do everything
I may I vacuumed the floor and I cleaned
that table and I did help do some of the
dishes when I took the garbage out go
get a new dishwasher let's dish for
stupid stupid there yeah that's what
you're doing things are broken you just
kick them all right enough from a bad
example as a father so I'm watching in
the lions game and the lines are doing
really good this year there if they win
this game they'll be three you know and
this guy named Titus Young who played
for the boise state broncos which you
know I'm a huge fan of when we went what
did it that we went to the game honey oh
yeah this last year it was yeah as your
birthday I was right around December huh
she went to the boise state game we all
went to the game of son tardes birthday
we stayed at a hotel so that night
because Carly used to be a boise state
cheerleader I'm her and and mommy tarde
and some of her friends they all went
out to dinner and Titus Young they had
just played the game all these football
players were out also to dinner and one
was like like it well what did he say to
you what are you saying you remember
something well I remember I remember
hearing monument it was really dumb and
I was just like I heard major injury you
sense that you said dad hey hey that's
what he said hey hey okay so check out
check out this great catchy just had
great job Titus okay so let's watch it
go who's it there he goes right over the
middle boom that guy right there you try
to meet Joe and make out my wife I'm
famous that guy got that guy where'd he
go that guy Ted is young stay away from
my wife number 16 no I'm just isn't he
thought wit they were out to dinner and
he didn't know that mom was married and
so he thought she was pretty anyone to
take her on a date and she said no I'm
married to a very handsome ER man than
you I don't wanna a handsome nevermind
alright so we're having a good sunday
we're what we're having for lunch on
show we have enough jelly mommy tart
outdid herself this stuff smells stomach
let's stir it up yeah babe I got it for
you stir that baby up tonight we are oh
crap it down and I don't have spaghetti
stuff like speak chili with we have it
on Monday will that be cool you're cool
with that with mate with its great good
where's your sister up so where's your
little brother at two
this is Rockford sleepin can I go spy on
me like somebody's ready to get up from
their nap oh well he wants his daddy
there's a good boy this oh I'm sorry all
right guys one take Sunday no he was
awake already we promised we went in
there he was standing up we're in
trouble rocked her but what you do
Carson children you guys have a great
sunday with today we're just hanging out
my aunt and uncle are coming over cuz
they're at LA and then we're going out
to dinner with Dave Remagen cuz he
invited us to come out to dinner with
him tonight see Stan in santa monica
hogs Wade pump we went to his live event
yesterday you'll see all that footage
probably monday twily tarde and casey
card are what
oh we say that last night till four in
the morning talking about what we
learned at the dave ramsey session
literally we were there for six hours
and last night me and mom and dad were
just up and she's like okay I got a mic
and then we're do this and this and
she's like okay okay Shay we okay it's
time we go to bed I was like for the
line its Sun tarde we almost caught some
lights on yeah we were having a talk in
the garage up there yeah we're having a
meeting huh and then what do we do with
them whether we got some of my straps
and put them up there that way when you
put some literally did wee-bey them huh
what are we dateable you put some flower
seeds on them I like these sticky trap
so they think it smells good so like
thick they see the funds claro seeds
they run on the sticky pad and it sticks
cuz mouths aren't as from and they stick
but when I'm stronger than nice super we
put our feet in them are you frisbee
that plate bro go up your mom keep
trying I'm dead are you hoping are you
down open yeah all right remember work
will work with nothing else will work
you gotta work hard gotta learn how to
work hard you cross there's pick your
nose all right love you hope you're
having a great sunday
