you've got the moves and the skills
you're on a mission to kill the
your pity I'm impression
and Jake
thank you you guys are finished this
whole time I love you guys that's a wrap
these are the only guys I can get a date
with seriously hey you guys are gonna be
famous
the shades hard on YouTube
that was David a flaw was that David
Hasselhoff Amos he was making funny
because I'm sitting in a gardening I
don't know my button is perfectly he
says we got plenty of room I know
awkward awkward old men love you of LA
we missed hardly forgot the first red
button I had done before I have done
before like she she thought she pushed
it but she really good which I have done
before I can understand this but we were
driving I was sitting in a floating
Inland Sea these two they're trying to
make me feel better oh I'm Erin songs
Mercedes convertible sorry must go
upstairs you know this guy looks like
David Hasselhoff and you is Ella not
Carly I'd like to suck my big obnoxious
it out the window I mean me off so like
take it would have been good but we'll
just tell you about it instead
we're just talking about I was telling
him but I was telling the story about
Sun pardon I was getting emotional and
then I was along the conversation we're
all just sitting here all of a sudden
she goes oh my god are you okay over
there are you choking on something bears
ears why I know everybody's doing it
starts vomiting it's okay so today let
me explain myself today mommy turned and
the girls the fancy four is I'm gonna
call them successfully the moms view the
new moms beautifully mommy vlogging and
they're doing things like today they
were talking about you know holiness
worldwide what baby time I'm kind of in
the middle of a story here all right
Italy good that's what I like to hear my
heart was saying wow they were filming
this as she was talking she felt choked
up it's all like oh yeah I can see how
that could happen you know you're
talking about your children and you want
them to be safe or protective I think I
did that the other night actually when
we were talking about it that's the
worst fear is that your kid is being
hurt in some way and there's nothing you
can do to help like that's just like
protect your kids anyway so mommy
Garner's saying how she got choked up
and this is the night we started
thinking to myself I'm like how does it
feel and you get choked up he's really
kind of like talking so then I was
thinking like how does it feel and like
as you feel that welling up in your
throat like when you get emotional while
you're talking and it's kind of like
this yeah you notice things like it
makes you like you almost can't continue
talking without like when somebody is
choking up that might be a good like
inside joke when one of your friends
like you tell get emotional if you just
in turn saying
like okay okay all right I think that
would make me more averse to somebody do
something
yeah I feel like these guys sound that
way too I just I don't know there's
weird weirdos go can't take you I don't
know you want to know what I woke up to
this morning this is literally what what
my alarm was this morning
go I'm obsessed with Adele lately guys
she just sounds so good so I just turned
her CDs on and I sing it Wow I don't
know the words these things are allowed
someone like you I wish nothing but the
best for you don't forget me don't
forget me pisses me off
it honestly pisses me off because every
time I turn the camera she won't do it
but then they went it's on she's like
just got like you know dance is like
nobody's looking oh you know lives life
and doesn't fear others that sounds
great I'm so just talking about
something but once I once I start
singing I have to be in mode like okay
I'm going to sing this for you guys now
and this is a serious thing and I'm not
gonna crack my voice isn't gonna crack
but right now I just feel like oh look
I'm I can sing guys you wanna hear me
sing no I'm the one that's enticing you
you're not selling it I'm can I go left
here cuz look I'm in this Lane but it's
green but yeah this lanes closed but
that's a red screen yeah
okay I'm gonna catch her one of these
things while she's singing that she
doesn't know I'm gonna set up some
hidden singing cameras all right
everybody we are here at the Westfield
Shopping Mall where is this very over
City Friday night probably I mean yeah
there's mall valet parking nope
do you want
anyways we are about to get the best
spot away can I park right there there's
a red line across it so she's about to
pull out come on please time we want we
want your best spot in Milan I expect
now thank you babe thank you some oh
that looks awesome
now just watch for any little cars
trying to sneak in here that's my spot
thank you
oh nice Peter hit it
body
I love that song hello my honey hello my
darling where's baby tarts CD I don't
know maybe tar did you find your CD huh
yeah let's see do you find that we
haven't went and found your CD in a long
time have way rocked art is getting into
the dance yeah
Thanks move that's good move thanks move
not bring the pain
it has well has the crowns in it Oh
another paper no I don't know I'm sorry
I don't have it I don't have it
like that sure didn't feel another bite
no he's learned he's finally learned
finally learn yeah no it's a train it's
a train so let go don't let go
nobody let go hold on tight hold on
tight here is let go hold on tight
all right so that's the vlog and Shay's
not actually here so I brought some of
this hot relatives here
we got Carly and Kayleigh check out our
Channel yeah Shay's out here so we
figured we'd promote ourselves how do
you feel about that girls good great
about that you guys know you love us
more than Shay so really should check
out the channels now a lot of people are
saying that you're really hot and
attractive how do you feel about that I
feel like they might be right I mean I
just like push-ups and pull-ups oh there
you go
