you've got the moves and the skills
you're on a mission to kill the
your pity I'm impression
and Jake
Thank You Shane
wishes to be able to beat me up
no you're not supposed to play on the
equipment it's just common knowledge
everybody knows that they don't want
little children playing on the equipment
so then they can get hurt there's
probably even a sign somewhere here hey
you getting a good workout
that's a cool machine dude nice blog to
start digging crowd a let's see your
kick for the start ready for me to kick
you in the face
okay Oh Brody we'll see what you got
nice in his deep that was good kick dish
oh it's pretty good be sure to keep your
wrist straight
do I show you how to karate I know all
oh well I'm doing improv yeah okay don't
look online I'm doing an improv thing
today I'm actually gonna go onstage and
do improv I'll tell you where I'm going
to actually
might be doing some more he's got love
no first it started with a heart saying
I'd like you this is from a girl in
glasses what's your name then this is my
phone number
it went from I like you too I love you I
love you the same girl dude second grade
and you already got phone numbers yeah
really nice like her do you think she's
pretty
is she a nice young lady did you tell
her you can't back you haven't given her
and you haven't given her your phone
number have you I'm going to the West
Side comedy theater 13:23 - a Third
Street Promenade it's on the 3rd Street
Promenade in Santa Monica so I'm doing
improv there I'll film a little bit of
it I'll have already done it so but
maybe I'll do it again so if you're in
LA maybe you can come and see me there
so I just got Sun tarde some of these
boots because what are we doing dude
worn a big hiking trip trip well it's
more than a hiking trip it's an elk
hunting trip yes with Casey huh ok I'd
already have hiking boots I do really I
do
ok I'm gonna take those back I should
have asked you bug gums in case what I
need two pairs of hiking boots yeah
you're probably right though actually
alright do your homework no filming hey
Carly hey Carly will get head back up
pulls up with my head back in coop dude
where's your shirt why don't you ever
ever shirt are you like an MMA fighter
take her down dude leg leg hold she's
gonna tap she's gonna tap any second hey
me and Brett went to an MMA gym today
and talked about signing
damn you still it you still in for that
yeah we're gonna do a MMA fighting at a
gym hey Michael hotness what's up
why don't you moonwalk through my life
there in your high heels
Harley's are a dave days sure where'd
you get that oh is that yours Haley has
a date and what is your tweets hey spork
way to promote yourself on my channel
you owe me like five thousand dollars
now write that to naked boys in here
what are you guys doing tangerine man
they're screaming because they're you
have to be in bed and all these kids are
down here how you liking la did fine
Nick yeah those are first time card for
the hunting trip you got the picture of
your dad your dad shot an antelope today
Casey just go so it is like murdering
and the entire hillside of animals and
you took a see the series of their
Wyoming
so yeah Casey signed a picture from the
battlefield from the hunting grounds
today in Wyoming he was with Callie's
dad
his father lon they shot a antelope an
antelope yeah we're guys gonna put all
the meat are you gonna bring it all here
so what are you gonna do with all the
meat
Oh make with all of them honey that's
what I'm worried about when I kill my
elk are we gonna try to like ship all
that meat here or should we give it to
mom and dad cuz we use all the meat you
shoot something you eat it that's the
rule we don't oh really
vanilla it is that yours by me
take my dear--my your I'm special and no
alright so we're going to West Side is a
cult it's West Side West Side comedy
theater in Santa Monica on the Third
Street Promenade I'm going to do improv
and I'm kind of nervous you compensation
I'm gonna improvisation yeah they're
saying here to watch the kids the kids
were bent alright you ready babe let's
go I'm glad you're my date
like don't cry you're my day I don't
know but I'm glad you're mine freakin
okay see losers do your homework get it
done right now or you're grounded
forever we just did prints of stars you
guys have the same homework huh you guys
been good in the class together you guys
never get in fights and you're like
we're cool tunes
okay believing for speeding up what's
going on this is cool little Valley
neighbors you're gonna do this our
neighbors neighbors wait don't tell
don't tell where we live the owner of
this one see how long have you owned
this place we've been here since 2005
geez this is awesome like on the Third
Street Promenade in an alley don't know
the way he is like the most famous
YouTube
you don't know videos that have 40
million views
I'm talking like I don't need it that
big rap battles hundreds I'm gonna
record that you know he is
the Alps nice Peter I'll hit the crap
out of my history pants if I put a
Hitler mustache on roller one of that
footage in here I know I'm high God
commands of the Third Reich it was known
fact so two points in Mike anyway so
this is his his theater I said dude I
would love to do improv he said come
down here so weird I'm a little nervous
but be pumped we decided you guys gonna
meet the rest of the guys so this is
everybody out what's going on okay CJ
sturckow man yeah that's good this is
pretty good
I know it's like it's powered but it's
fierce his is like so like authoritative
they really class and there's a guy
things they were like what happened to
you that's improv comedy right there
right you're doing the feedbags Shh I
appreciate it win films.com check it out
YouTube / okay win films check it out
ready for some intra
we're excited bu record for you tonight
as you can see yes performing what's
called in a row monto tonight
armando yes tonight it's gonna be
awkward because he's getting this
manuscript goodwill he's a pillar of our
society our internet study Shakespeare
on number seven years got million
subscribers his awesome very great guy
check them out at youtube.com excess
shake off or the Shaytards
so now I have this giant freaking beer
with you
see here's all bad here my fear is that
I've had a couple of deeds this size and
I had this idea where I wanted to send
my beard all over the world that's a
camera it's like one of those like
little flat Tommy or whatever that's not
my beard right like like people that
diet Bible tower in the Great Wall of
China so we had like most things beard
and the most places ever
and that's why hold the nail up look you
look like you're grossed out by it
great yeah it's a really long that's my
father's my father has cancer he
couldn't make it
with you
my hair
it's so good okay so these guys dance to
my show thank you
she went skydiving and wore my wristband
and the shirt I signed this skydive
shirt for her and I love this I love
this this wristband oh you're saying hi
to Brett do a stick you don't think
we're you say hi back okay you know this
guy's blogging - thank you guys so much
for coming to show thank you so much for
coming I think I'll just take you home
I'll take this on home with me like
musicians like it's like Poynette girls
like
come here if you're in LA come to
Westside comets cool place right yeah
it's free and you come here it's in the
alleyway how do you explain this it's
right off Third Street Promenade in the
Arizona and what is our energy yeah it's
in the alley
come right here Westside comment of it I
probably will come here and do this more
often maybe I'll be like every Thursday
I'll tweet this you guys know so maybe
I'll come every Thursday
did you you tweet wait wait did you
tweet the Twitter I retweet it after I
tweeted at Queens I tweeted put the twit
pic so my first time doing I think you
don't it was fun I gotta think Lloyd and
all the guys at Westside comedy like we
went backstage and they're like don't
worry we got your back if anything
happens we'll be right there for you
rock guard quite annoyed endslate over
here go get a free shirt oh yeah we did
another preacher today sure and we have
we're gonna send them out this was like
today we should go to post office deal
okay we're sending out that for fruits
already winners winners winners we
understand ours and winner
