you've got the moves and the skills
you're on a mission to kill the
your pity I'm impression
and Jake
Thank You Shane
and Katie their son jarred and princess
started maybe talking rock star - no
like i said only in LA this girl on the
corner of the street as a sign it says
girlfriend needs boob job bad anything
helps she's on the corner asking for
money so she can get a boob job that's
like how shameful I feel like who's
gonna give her money
some days they'd be like I'll give you
some money for consumer afterwards
ladies aspire to more in life than
asking for money on the side of the
street so you get a boob job there's
actual real things you can do and aspire
to okay
don't sell your body I love you be good
so we just went and mami tarde was
freaking out mm his car and I was trying
to be appropriate in my language and I
said booger balls booger balls and
that's what baby toys good one mom eat
our daughters we just pause for a moment
just like alright now that's we're
getting groceries the other kids are at
school
where's Rock chart rock cars asleep at
home alright if you sell over time I
will literally bite your thumb off
I'm gonna bite your thumb that hard
every time you said you gonna say any
more promise
no big time we just pause in our day to
look at my fine a toenail picture let's
look how beautiful
thanks to mommy thar she painted them
for me alright let's go we're looking at
my yellow toes shake it shake that don't
don't don't don't don't don't
we're here it bonds here we're gonna go
get some groceries hey I was watching
your vlog you've logged yesterday and
you're talking about your Barbie house
what are these books books will say
we're on a date night
going out to a movie we go see this
movie warrior heard it's really good yo
hablo ting going on back here oh hi I'm
putting the blog right now guys check it
out
brett has a mobile upload unit we are a
mobile upload unit we are uploading
today's vlog and we're heading to
Lionsgate in my truck studio we've got
stuff going on here
been through a lot together hum BAM Bob
Harris have you been
Saoirse search the best seriously my
father had a beard one night he came
home a little butier than command do
seth rogen go down learning going hey
Seth tell Morgan damn you're going to
Lionsgate and they're like hey Shane
you're funny and let's be funny together
and watch a movie and che said no and
then oh it's really no big deal movie
with Adam Sandler
we got babysitter for the kids oh we
gotta go to ATM to remind me can I write
him a check right visitors a check okay
bye we're going to be knows how to use
them she's got laid
know how to use them because I like the
high heels I know the I've already made
I've already made what sign oh no
parking tendon Monday I don't know let's
get a ticket
we're here at Lions Gate is this
considered Santa Monica there's the
building or salmonella in front I don't
like to be around you when you record
because what I'm like editing you later
and that it's like a surprise like here
we are here's the theatre there's the
entrance the Granlund firs la la let's
get a kiss I just want to check that out
sorry yeah sounds great
this is our private little theater that
we get to watch this movie and you
brought a laptop to a movie called crazy
baby face maybe crazy baby face was not
thumbnail I'll show you I don't know
where you want to sit beds babe babe
that's good babe I like that babe that's
good clothes oh yeah that is hilarious
he was so funny last minute all right
crazy baby face it is you guys yeah hi I
found you guys what's up what's up tell
us who you are I'm TJ Smith I have a
youtube music channel punk and I hurt
you know hurt you or fire he's so
handsome
you're not bad looking at either this is
this your girlfriend isn't he ha he's
like I mean if I wanted to look like a
guy I look like you did it's like cut
like he's good-looking isn't just us
alright let's watch it is it based on a
true story okay
I bet you I bet you I get being up all
the guys in my bike alone so everybody
in this movie can talk warrior we're
gonna watch it right now and that's like
two large popcorns and one large Diet
Coke okay yeah and a Slurpee force and I
Sam wants us off some celery to have a
rainbow roll you could bring yeah they'd
spit on me and tell me when it's up deal
we're gonna be doing this the whole
movie you guys are gonna wish you get a
turn with us push play the guy looks
like you just got his butt kicked
brother
yeah the guy with the ball kind of like
the audience okay we just saw it and
cried you guys I did did you cry cry no
tears actually dripped but you know you
felt like the well the well was full
they drift they drift they gave me if
you have a brother
if you have a brother
it's it's like that's a crazy brother
you have a brother or a dad or you like
a good story or the bills you know it
was an amazing story it's like that was
the only thing about the movie it was
like oh well I wish it was based on a
true story but it's almost like too
crazy of a story yeah it's like the way
that the story happens it's like oh my
gosh I loved my favorite character was
there the trainer is the history
teachers trainer he was great he's just
chillin what are you doing there fluff
there's wasps toxin oh yeah so much dude
he was so even see-through so gritty his
voice was like his voice was like gravel
is like gritty like he was like
weathered you know he was you as a
perfect yeah and I felt so bad the whole
time as the sons wouldn't forgive it oh
yeah I better not give I would see it we
put our here I don't know I was spell
may be mad at me if I'm a little bossy
you guys show a little bit just lacy
like the feel of the movie right we're
gonna go eat dinner now yeah here at
Giotto we go here kitchen bar and
zaardon and venue slips nice there's no
door knocks how does it work there a
bell this is like if you have a pass or
something can we get in here
you did you better go get it we're
leaving you know I don't have that this
is my phone there goes Brett yeah Brett
see you later Brett he's giving those
people some glasses
what a nice got a kid a kid Wow thank
you thank you
nice we just made his day so we were
just driving that we're on the corner of
Pico and Sawtelle and somebody had a
really nice where they Oakley's dude I
didn't see cuz I just did one like get
run over I could feel like the niceness
in my hand there how to wait to him
anyway to him they were like well framed
that's great dude they're probably $100
sunglasses and you just saved him from
loose of their business dude he's
driving and so we pull up this light I
was gonna stop but the light was green
then I better go so I couldn't so then
the light turned red and then Brett's
like I'm gonna go I'm gonna go give him
to him we got his sunglasses hopefully
on the when I was running for his car I
was like hold on oh you told the guy and
I just like this sunglasses were on the
back bumper of this guy's car while he
was driving
yeah and he didn't know it obviously so
then Brett ran any crap
did I say that the glasses were on the
back bumper of the car that's why in
this whole story that's why Brett got
out of the truck and ran into an
oncoming truck want him to drive up here
and like say thank you to us well I want
to thank you for not driving away
without that would have been funny pay
up or yeah you should have winked at her
so I don't see him I don't know if he
turned it or not he was in like a SUV
dude I think he turned let you know if
he comes yes that was the moment okay so
mommy turn we're just talking about this
moving warrior
and tell me what I was like when after
he said it I was like I wanted to
memorize it like what well they don't
know what happens after it but it's nice
moments basically it's do or die there's
more like basically his his his family
was on the line like like it was like
Cinderella Man and he ever saw
Cinderella man with what's-his-name
Russell Crowe
he's fighting literally just to make
sure that his family can eat you're
totally rooting like as an audience
you're watching the movie and then that
one moment they remind you oh by the way
don't you remember everything that's a
steak you know what's crazy about this
movie is you is it it's unveiled to you
as you watch it like the first scene
Cory is three is a father and son a
meeting for the first time after like a
14 yeah there's Milty what you doing
here Tommy very first scene is this
really like heated moment between father
and son and you're like what's going on
like there's this they have this past
that's like this a major stuff went down
in their lives just with all this
conversation they're having really and
then you so you like discover it as you
watch it and then you learn more like oh
that's what happened it was that's why
he said that
m√°ximo meet his wife so there's this
moment the movie where like it's like
the six-round or whatever and it's like
yes I put up or shut up he's not gonna
win and his trainer he he says this
thing to him that we're not gonna tell
you he says this thing to it and it was
like tears like it was like I know
there's a low blow I think he's just
trying to be like a good like news just
won the win the coach didn't coach
because the whole time he was like still
wind like I know this is an emotional
moment but you need to
he was my favorite character who watched
the movie the trainer was the best
character of the whole movie
he was Nick Nolte was great to check it
out worried you better eat every last
bit of that young lady you don't eat all
of that
he will get grounded for an entire half
a pound of fries way to equal it makes
me one like workout okay we're going
why would love to like whatever make
classes what if we did light folder by
the way would it be done once we just
took some classes and you know what
there's one that's really close to where
we live that I know okay trouble okay
Sun turn tell us right now what happened
why are you wearing under on your hands
why is their underwear on your head
hey John and the moose was in the cosmic
inside the bag yeah there was a mouse
inside the dog food yes I ran up your
arm
one of you guys said you saw him house
run across the kitchen floor and that's
crazy
you should have stomped on it Carly not
Carly's back more Kasim
why isn't Kasim in this episode I don't
know I was trans Carly's in this episode
that's how we got all sudden Kasim's
back you know nobody cares if kasib's in
there as long as Carly's episode check
out free shirt go check out Kass and get
some crafts promote see I got a few I
got nothing to promote I love you guys
captain's back we're hanging out with a
kiss right now
