I've been mistaken for him on an
airplane before
let's get honest girls like oh hi hi not
like oh hi thanks for watching my videos
Zac Brown exactly like oh no that's
something he's fired f2 shot this music
video yeah my friend clips to Kahn
Junior directed this me and you went out
there shot this video in Georgia in
we're just amazed we had to stay with
Zack Zack is amazing it's like so
someone's ridiculous so funny we're
talking about ideas like going in the
plane on stage like me and him together
like try like wear the same clothes shot
this music video that's are like oh you
want to work for this but I didn't wanna
war but Zack one yeah you just drop this
in this backyard
yeah this house just like shot it just
hung out in this house housing this
great family we just shot it with
camcorders that's so really good
camcorders Oh YouTube Zac Brown back
maybe we'll be out maybe he'll come via
Shaytards video yeah I think it needs to
have five back brown eyes I love your
beard bro thanks Peter gonna come back
and eat delicious food in your house but
I want to bring this man a good party
are you so your ribbon through this
internet friends we're starting this new
channel called Anna monster it's gonna
be old cartoons warning these cartoons
are not for little kids you want
cartoons subscribe date a monster is
something you've been to jail for
something that feel like I'm like in the
floor knee up like a 49er like that
little guy with the beard of the pigs
so anyways oh we're shooting this promo
for this new vertical at maker called
Anna monster movie this whole thing
where we have a lot of cartoons and a
lot of different cartoons in one place
you can like watch all these different
shows or have a bunch of cartoons on
this one place and they'll all filter
out just like create so much content
yeah that's exciting
oh and the camera oh there's a camp down
and I got the closer I got the glue
stepping onto the green I'm gonna get
all around him I'm getting 360 Jeff I'll
be in my chair
let me go fire fire everybody your fight
we're using this the other day for -
telly
we're shootin a chicken on the car I'm
the grindin self i send me up the wall
Oh No anyways I think see here oh he's
off doing important things hit that
going up the wall I got a slow-mo there
no fine I told mommy sorry I said oh I
said I don't have a canary yellow by
next week hurry your day my toenails
before the weigh-in don't know how me
understand my toenails it looks good
it's weird right why it is so weird
about it let's do it me and you but I
could date but I think you do such a
good job I don't let any other woman
great my toenails in my wife yeah only
woman I see if you get your toenails
painted by anyone else would almost be
like you're cheating he's actually then
that's a soul that's cool as long as he
doesn't paint your fins la minute what
uh the winner from last week how are you
feeling about your chances this week I
think I lost like five or six ounces I'm
really hoping I didn't gain back all the
way I know it's so weird because I can't
feel it but like I can see like right
where you're touching and I'm like
expecting be able to feel it like they
lost all feeling in your extremities
well like you can't feel a brush on your
toenail right yeah I can't it's not like
I see you doing but I can't fill it
that's weird
there's a drum solo now you know my
flashlight app I get a little drum solo
on the right side on that drum on that
way to take it away who just got to town
hi grandma Tarr
hi Bailey where's your husband is he out
billion animals he did kill you're gonna
see it here I'll show you let me turn
off my flashlight out okay so here's
what Casey's doing right now that's
Casey on the left this is Casey and this
is our uncle Darwin and it looks like
they just took this giant horse sized
animal down that's what Casey is doing
for a month this is his favorite thing
to do he just sent us this picture today
so we missed you Casey have fun in the
mountains I've been with animals she
messes you up on the ones and twos mix
it up guys wax it on the wax it off
what's he gonna do next everybody he's
ripping ripping ripping he's an
aggressive man she's a tough is a tough
little camper
please mixes it up and mixes it up and
then he's president together babyface
Brady's how are you get into this baby
face action
hey Sam back the road and my cell phone
oh the percentage of the tip now I guess
let's make a complaint your ho Atrus
yeah so bottom there so which is over
here is going super come here dude man
get that light out of my face
like they're little zombies or so
there's an apple are so that's the light
all right we're just like hanging out
over here
alright the children have just had their
delicious dinner here at the cantina is
that fun Center is that sorry bro
oh by the way Carly Stiles is in town do
you want to tell you want to cross while
you're here are you excited are you
excited the disease on you you guys how
exciting is that
Carly what is your channel styles with
Carly South check it out she lives here
now that's exciting right here oh this
guy brought our van thank you sir
give it five it's totally Stiles oh yeah
that's your tip okay I'm not gonna tip
you that was your tip help you enjoyed
it I hope that was good for you alright
here's that much eponym he doesn't need
any cash you got the best tip Devers
shooting john on the butt with darts I
was I love that gun dude I love the way
in because that's not why I loved it
Vinny did Betty Lou's see the plan was
of heap if he gained any weight even an
ounce he had to pay back $200 and I went
in my super and socks so Superman you
know it's good all right love you guys
hey there's karate kicking I like you
guys just I want to thank you this end
slate should never wait wait guys okay
bye
