Oh precious hugs you're getting precious
hugs from the child of our womb from the
child of your precious special hugs from
the little baby kiss me kiss hurry come
give me kisses you get this doctor come
here hey hey oh yes give me kiss he's
not giving me love that I wouldn't want
to give that kisses either honey here
speaking of kisses we just got my
favorite word we got a package in there
so top rock card
he's mr. technology he loves to get up
and oh I know what this is I'm excited
this is a new book from my favorite
author
I want to read it 20 years of practical
business wisdom from the trenches to all
che and the Shaytards thanks for all
your help Dave Ramsey Shepard well
that's so cool thanks Dave a signed book
today Ramsey that is awesome
I'm reading this right now this is cool
because we just started our own business
we just started a few guys that no we
just started our business our business
is called vlog entertainment we also
started you know maker studios that's
also our business but like we like for
our personal stuff we started vlog
entertainment we even have two employees
Brett and Natalie are employees so I'm
gonna read this saves new book check it
out it's a New York Times bestselling
author Dave Ramsey and this new book on
leadership love heart that I love i boo
boo grief both words picture book
there's more picture book Ramses
American tresses boy some money and
business he's often three New York Times
bestselling books financial peace more
than enough the Total Money Makeover the
Dave Ramsey show has heard by more than
four and a half million listeners almost
lost you bro each week I'm more than 500
radio stations more than 1 million
families intend to have attended
Financial Peace University which we are
one of classes at their workplace Church
military base or community group
remember when we took quite a trapeze
university we went through the whole
class was you put pulled out their cover
story
gonna be debt-free money tight you know
what a Mingo they want and then down did
the baby angel I know the baby ate the
dingo
did you know that the baby ain't the
dango did you know that this is sister
kisser
Franzen's kangaroo jump buddy-buddy the
dangling joke alright so you guys go
check this book out you go to entree
leadership calm this might not be this
book might not be for everybody because
this is more of like a you know book for
businesses but if you haven't heard of
Dave Ramsey he's not paying me to say
this I would literally like promote him
every day for free because I love him so
much I hope he's not watching this and I
hope he doesn't ask me to do that now
let me just read you uh review a little
bit this is Dave Ramsey toffee needles I
got my real estate license three weeks
after I turned eighteen years old that
worked for 40 to 60 hours a week
southern real estate why went through
four years of college I was a crummy
salesperson and immature kid but I was a
working maniac I made cool calls knock
on doors and sat in open houses with
unmatched enthusiasts so even though I
wasn't very polished I sold houses in a
seventeen percent interest rate
environment that's when interest rates
in the 80s were 17% now they're like
five six percent or for any math thing
as much as a credit card for a mortgage
loan why was I able to overcome all
those personal and marketplace obstacles
activity outworked almost every person
in the market my broker my boss during
those times was a kind man who would
just shake his head in amazement that I
even survived one day he said Ramsey
your success is amazing I guess even a
blind hog can find an acorn if he
wanders enough since I have not from the
farm I'm not exactly sure what he meant
but I took that to me in a hog eat
acorns and I and even a blind one that
keeps moving won't go hungry marketing
dreams anyways so that's it's just all
that hard work check it out they ran
this new book I love it my laptop roll
too personal thing
I'm sorry but you didn't bring your
ducky come back after sir okay no
parking eight a.m. to noon on Monday cuz
of street cleaning
so it's 1152 right now who do you think
should I do it what kind of person are
you you would you park there there's 8
minutes until I can park there I could
technically get a ticket in 8 minutes
would you park there I'm doing it John
will be in one of my new videos and he
said what is it that's right now hey I'm
out of ammo this thing is awesome
John load this back up for me okay I
want to shoot you with it again reload
it oh baby Jack where are we going
school to your school to sundered and
start school what are you those are good
huh we got these dried mangoes from
Costco they're good because they're
fruit but they are sugary because
they're dried fruit but they're so good
I love them I usually don't like a lot
of dried
dried mangoes are also and baby tarde
loves them but do you have to say baby
turn that's not saying that's pointing
every time I ask you that you point she
must know something we don't know hey
what are you doing baby wailing so good
I was busy doing my hair and I looked at
the clock and I was like oh oh my gosh
we have to leave right now to go get the
goods so I like threw open the baby's
door grabbed him out of his crib and he
has been a good sport the whole time he
hasn't been crying he's just like I have
a tendency to do that I actually have to
set myself alarms to pick up the kids
from school or I forget oh my god that's
so nice okay it's just just chilling and
then all of a sudden ah
I've taken him from school I don't do it
all the time but everyone's push it
how's school today and what did you
learn what's your favorite what are you
doing free time like on the computer
just sometimes when you go on the
computer do some activities on it sound
like you're really
sometimes we get cool Legos Legos are
the coolest that's how you need to tell
the stories under layers out of bed what
about you what you learn in school what
about you ugh that's important stuff
what did you learn in school today
princess hard P to the teeth hard Oh
same thing you learned yesterday then
huh well I guess we're putting our money
to good use
wait it's public school what kinds of
math numbers and stuff numbers awesome
and what was your favorite favorite part
of today you bought something from a
shop from why don't you know anything
well but she drives a desk that she
pretends it's a shop Jess a large toys
on the next Adam if we'd be good then
she gives up some quarter shares them
like a big box full of pennies and we
bottoms with our pennies so does that
mean you did something good today what'd
you do well I earned a penny I aren't
you I haven't you earn them here like
exceptionally 99 pennies actually so
would you do it again the penny it's
like when you
so clean and hey what did I tell you
about you get yours on hey I like you
for a couple days down to my heart and
it's just believer
sighs I see your cousins yep now we're
gonna watch jessamy works just Muir's
more importance than my cousin so Braley
is having a birthday soon so she got to
have a birthday party in Utah you know
people see birthday party on her Channel
well they're jealous all right we're
having the suit the suit some moola boos
hey welcome back to Los Angeles Kaylie
wait where's Braley she has school
tomorrow is she excited go back to
school what are you rooting for on the
TV there you go I found one check that
one out all right so we're having sushi
Holly's here sup dawg clip your hair
back and forth what do you eat that
steak was a delish what do you like
about it the textures like so yeah she's
definite she's gonna mad depth that good
you're a mediator young lady's beaten
water for this one just give her mutant
water is it spicy do you like it what
are we doing
Oh today oh it is today huh I'm like
Brett it's tomorrow I'm like more real
this time in right now time in the time
that we're living in and they time that
we exist it's tomorrow time always all
right it is tomorrow for you guys you
guys got a great editor anyways all
right what are we doing we're in port
I'm importing exporting converting as a
group for transit oh yeah it looks like
a serial killer thing he said that to me
do you know the story behind that now
we're going to talk about this one no
you guys want to we'll ask them let's
ask them and then if they do then we'll
talk about tomorrow then I'll talk about
the things yeah you guys let us know
so here's I was gonna say here is the
future this is baby chard watching
Disney on youtube.com
hey we're gonna click on next maybe this
is the future this is the future what
are you gonna click on next baby turn
click on this guy this guy looks funny
I'd click on him up oh so random hey you
want to go to finish that that cow in
your mouth before you talk to how much
think of you eatin tonight prisoner how
many cows have you murdered with your
chompers 4 hit the start a thetan for
cows that I everybody Dave who Dave
who's Dave Dave what what is he known
for Dave days on Disney right now yeah I
know he's on an episode what is it what
is this show this is market research
here it's happening
that's hilarious it's so funny on so
many levels and it depends on how in the
this nevermind
all right Dave days Congrats that's so
funny my daughter's a fan of you know
that's hilarious that's so awesome I
love you Dave remember that time like
four years ago when we did all that
anyways okay bye that sound weird 313
that's crazy
good that real that really happen HP
Labs like remember HP labs when Phil and
Dave and all those guys to those know
great you don't run with on HBO no I
don't Dave anyways you some of you know
I'm talking about
all right link we'll put some links to
explain I don't know
mom flew out today already seriously
alright so many famous who did you tell
me dude it was like I was like screwed
rigged up when he's like diving into his
gold coins but I was like swimming and
famous people there's like like all over
the place
doing the backstroke like Bob Hope was
there I picture like him laying in bed
any like yeah and then I met chucky
cheese and then Justin Bieber and all
fans and Michael Jackson sing to us
another sure we forgot to sign
yesterday's we're gonna take it out of
the package oh yeah click the way
there's baby thar there's some kids and
stupid shirt but what
