so we're happy say it's been vlogging
here so we're having after church lunch
and I just made the kids sandwiches look
at this one oh happy sandwich oh this
one has a really big note
and basically once he locks on the pizza
jack sleep lately change directions go
the other way
hi hi Dylan's daddy's gonna jump okay
look yeah this big thing that oh yeah
okay just do a little stretching guys
it's very important to stretch I wanna
know 35 Oh jeepers deftly touching your
butt I don't know okay I don't know if I
should go that far
no it feels good I mean it like hurts
what it feels good I can tell that it's
good I think I just throw oh yeah you
did
sometimes taking karate who went to
karate today talk about it dude you
might as well just round it to a hundred
sundered karate teacher knew who he was
really by blog me he watch we're in
Vegas doing something do you think
that's like a good or bad thing no who
knows anything anymore
no that's probably why he's
side-centered up just so you get
promotion yeah what credit classes it's
uh I'm not gonna say actually from mr.
Miyagi karate class it is mr. Miyagi
isn't it cool ah mr. Miyagi no this is
the camera she just asked because I know
her camera is that you don't use anymore
if I go get it can I have it and it be
my camera I said what camera is it she
was the camera and she's like you don't
use it anymore it's just absurd to just
sitting there and she's right how to use
this camera for
it works at distance matters I don't
know see what are you gonna film we
can't talk about it go on I'm like Irene
this conversation you guys have been
asking for it for a while so I talked
with Shey and Shey talked with Kayla and
Kati let talked with kids and the kids
talked to me and then we all circled
around and talked about it and what do
we figure out I don't know if I like it
first of all what how many meetings so
we seriously talked for ages you know
what this is actually one of my favorite
cameras this has I got a this little
ring on it
I had a wide-angle lens that I had and
then oh yeah I remember you get it and
you just put pop that on there and all
sudden like make the view like one of
those cannons and Charles uses they just
like open it way up yeah so I love this
camera why did I suck okay let me are
you gonna subscribe to the kids all day
long yes you can keep it this would be
your camera okay you got a camera
monitor you have to edit ferner yes red
this is me a lot is your idea so your if
it's anything like editing for baby tard
and then it's gonna be hours of footage
okay oh this is two hours - what is this
March Oh My heck look there's old
footage on it
good sublet it has it been used this is
where you're living in Idaho hey let's
put this in the vlog today
look how much batter I am - oh my
goodness we're brushing rock tarts teeth
where this is at our house in Idaho
princess art just found this camera look
at him you like no Prince hard ass first
look at my face my face is like a
balloon I think it looks better I want
to shave because I want to I feel like
my face is so much skinnier
I got I think I don't know what me I'll
do it this week but I think for sure I
mean look at this this is one of my old
shirts that I bought and I've had this
shirt for how long honey like six years
when did I get this I get this one as in
Texas this is let's say it's Volcom
double XL it's a double act but I think
it's like strong it's it's a little
smaller
oh you're something stepping on my shoes
at anyway I think I'll probably like two
maybe three more weeks before I get 200
pounds Maya promise yeah
okay you guys we are in the cost oh this
is perfect this is totally I am so smart
we're in the Costco parking lot all of
the family we're going to make a Costco
trip because we're out of groceries
daddy's out of his coconut water this
parking lot is horrendous there's no
there's an in-and-out burger over here
there's an Albertsons there's a Costco
there's every freakin service you can
imagine you get a oil change fill up
your gas with a Wells Fargo there's a
slip and slide there's a zip line
there's a trampolines I mean there's
just every you can imagine this place is
just like okay in order to find a
parking spot what do you need you need
no car what do you need to get no car
you need a person so as you're driving
through the parking lot instead of like
going in and out of the roads like oh do
you see what you may be there so find
somebody you just look you're hunting
you need to pick out your prey you find
this person in the crowd walk you
finally see them and then you just
follow them you have to stalk them you
have to follow them to their car and
just just slow and easy make them really
that's exactly when I find this nice
couple
I used to they used to reside here I
just saw them I thought that's who I'm
going after they're my bait so I just
followed them you know no looking for
they're gonna go to a car and guess what
they're gonna move that car and that's
where I come in
that's another way of saying we just got
a parking spot you're going into Cosmo
we find this found asphalt I'll walk
backwards just make sure I don't get hit
by a car please
that's weird don't why is it weird when
when he I feel like it and you're a
camera man that's weird it feels less
weird to hold the camera and vlog myself
than to have you film me yeah when I
could be that's weird
just a little insight into my brain
there you go boom baby spinach boom
slice make sweet science
boom funny loving spirits go boom
artists choking choking state straight
dog tripping this is smelling the style
why do you do me I'm stuck in this
package please overeat ah my mom I'm not
gonna be home for supper ever makes you
hungry kind of smells good actually
are you uncomfortable yeah he'll have to
just file a project file a formal
complaint I think I'll just in writing I
want to in writing also he's just
uncomfortable with life sometimes thank
you
yeah he's a thank-you Fox right that
lady was looking out for you she thought
you were running around like crazy why
do you have a toothbrush Hey
check it out long meet our look what
time of the year it's getting ha ha ha
we're gonna be I want to be something
cool for how long till Halloween is what
is yesterday a month ago you want to be
this Hey I got um Britney Britney and
already want to do the girls makeup for
Halloween and I do like a big like a
princess makeup ladies from maker
studios are gonna do princess car today
feet are kind of like anyways they're
gonna do their makeup no you're not
again I'm trying to think now
okay bye okay okay let's start come on
baby turn you're part of this assembly
and also okay you ready Center
oh you're vlogging vlogging insist all
right here is the Stars angle we bought
matching blender yeah this one is mine
that was yours oh you got the white one
yeah I got the white one we're gonna let
you juice everything yeah dude I'm
excited and of course California did
this stuff's pretty good actually
I don't like it if I'm full of crap
eating other things if I haven't eat
anything this is so good and I'm pretty
sure it's really healthy what's your
favorite kind of sushi this one right
here I like that one fry California roll
some soy sauce and some wasabi and mama
TARDIS got some you deserve it you've
been so good today
when you're done you guys are teacher
watches she did in karate
what are your moves what is your like
what do you do when you get there block
o block I got breaking blocks so I think
if somebody goes to punch you you can
block it
that's like paint defense so do you like
get to do push-ups and stuff why what do
you do how do you get punished when you
get punished
have you know anything about the votes
the whole group does push-ups everybody
is pushing that's part of Katya
everybody does them together nobody's
ever really seen about how many pushups
they do
26 nice have you learned any kicks yeah
oh yeah so you're a white belt I like
that that's like Scouts you know it's
like you work your way up and you get
rewarded for hard work cuz guess what if
you want to get anything this life you
got to work hard heard then yeah we went
in there and princess heart stopped
there was there's one girl in the group
the class that we go to is the white and
the yellow on some orange bells but she
has a purple belt on but she's the same
age as these kids but she's pretty
advanced like she has the best push-ups
in all class so she's already advanced
yes she's out no way what's the
beginning bo the beginning belts white
and you go white yellow orange green I
think purple purple she's already up to
he's already a purple good start
wait did you say princess yeah no this
girl that I'm holding princess started
this girl in some parts class I said
princess heart is already a purple belt
I'm like she jumped up sorry like a
Bruce Lee prodigy or something yeah
she's a black belt already feel like
really I know I was like weird keeping
her in karate
moving kids up real fast there's this
girl and I was telling princess start
that's probably where we got confused I
was on the story all jumbled anyway I
was chillin for it started see you could
work up so that you can have a purple
vote she's like purple belt they're just
like if you get to pick which one you
would wear every day you like you can
pick which color shoe accessory and I
said well it'll take probably years to
get you know because I have a badge of
honor like once you get that next belt
you and she doesn't understand yeah it's
like she's gonna she'll learn that their
systems it's like once you hit this
level then you get to wear this next
belt and it's like it means something
yeah like you want to get there because
it takes a lot of hard work to get there
then once you get it then your
I told her how long I might take her
together and she's just like she is so
very she she loves these dogs oh my gosh
that cracks me up
how old is she - oh man she did terrible
- she seems hilarious
and how old are you how old are you your
princess starts age huh
yes you're aren't you seeing on YouTube
you want to sing for us right now
come on you want we'll get your dad
guitar to get to sing a little song for
us come you don't want it son chart will
do the word for you Oh cray jail worm
for a song you scared of the dog so you
don't sing under those conditions is
that on your writer no big dogs at any
of my shows so check out these guys are
they seeing if you haven't seen so their
videos Brett clay right now on the video
what's the what's your most viewed video
what's that one now it has like 100 like
how many minutes coming wall
the most recent we just posted it has
like 2.5 hours on rolling a deep oh yeah
we have or that song called home by
Edward Sharpe and magnetics I got 40
million or 14 million reias Bret play
that one right now go
okay you guys be sure to check them out
they're hilarious they watch our videos
all the time and so they wanted to come
over and hang out with the kids so
they're going crazy I don't know where
they are at they go upstairs we don't
know we don't see them for a few hours
we don't ask any questions you know
whatever they do up there yeah go to bed
that's what we do we try to get you
tired yeah hi this is Shay
you're listening to my voice and
watching a shirt rotate I dare you to
click on it okay take two try not to be
free oh okay hey guys Shay here and hope
you'll enjoy today's video and I hope
you'll keep watch here today just we
really appreciate known friends yeah go
check it out Steve sure yeah all right
