hey we can get there soon tardo even
better my oh my you should flip that
booty around mamacita you lookin time to
go to church give it a look at shaycarl
guys so snazzy
I think that wasn't me yeah that jacket
fits you even better than it did at the
wedding how much how much weight you
lost this is our Sunday morning regimen
you're so tough babe hey where's your
pushup
oh not you're gonna throw really are
okay down the stairs let's go to church
alright this is one take Sunday
everybody we're going to church
we'll see you tomorrow we hope you have
a fantastic Sunday and watch much
football because it will be enjoyable
and the enemy's robot Mami's tonight and
Lord show their big news tonight's the
big night guys
we're going canary yellow on the
toenails the balloons coming off we're
going yell tonight and Phil it's the
perfect situation we're watching the
Emmys well I'll just chilling around the
house we're going yell you got you got
you got the hook colors the colors Rock
turn looking dapper dan look at him
thinking about something done this thing
about how proud I am free about losing
away and changing your life so you can
be around longer to hang out on days
like this
yeah alright let's go to church we're
late we're now we're late
okay see you guys tomorrow one take
Sunday love you so Reverend Church
I said as a special day so why not
celebrate right now if my grandma yells
at me that's your fault
all right I don't a call grandma please
have a write me a letter and said
alright so click yesterday's longer than
you see us
