Oh
and the shame
Marnell what are we doing we're getting
ready you're ready you look beautiful
I don't have any of this stuff on oh my
yeah go put a little paint your eyeballs
gonna cost the Sun tart is taking karate
when you gonna start tell us when the
first classes
what is princess our ticket she's doing
gymnastics huh you gotta be humanics you
are good at gymnastics that's why you
don't take it because I already know
well you gotta there's a lot more to
learn silly just cuz you took a class oh
he's being friends what are you gonna do
I think you need to do karate
baby tart needs a little bit a little
bit of confidence right probably a big
group good first see you could you could
just beat your sister up right there if
you had been taking karate Peter oh boy
silence not promote violence Oh monkeys
hold the blinkers yeah yes he did but we
just barely found that boy yet it was
lost he grabbed it and smiled so how was
school today having all the closets I
won't hear every last detail rain about
I caught a fish this fan it was a 25
pounder I'll tell you was crap rainbow
bass
I love with my lure in a world through a
little marshmallow there on the end toss
there in the river tired I can't
swordfish it was their fan I had a blown
made no mention your turn Christmas card
every wonder why our kids are crazy
oh gosh oh that looks real and wasn't
some ah I don't think I are playing dogs
already gone oh the TV you energy
what do you need and bean color that
rocket art oh my gosh that imperfections
dude I think I have a picture I remember
um oh my head I think there's a picture
of me wearing a blue shirt like that me
and KC when we were about his age really
and I think I burnt my hand because my
mom told me I I have a memory of this
too I grabbed her curling iron well
we're getting ready excuse me what do
you think you're doing I am gonna dude
I'm gonna have a son card come over
there and bite that thing off right now
don't hurt her deliver listen if you're
gonna do karate that doesn't mean you
can beat everybody up you know that
right it's only for self-protection and
to look cool or furniture being a
Butthead they'd say what telling them
when it's appropriate to think the
students is he is he going to the
country club later Jude are you gonna do
a round of nine what's up bro jump off
there I like your hair baby turn your
hair looks really Freddy so long
underwear this year then we'll Matt
right yes nice lots are we're gonna
match bro your blue are gonna jump off
their baby car can you jump off their
mommy has blue she does like dad don't
mess up my trainer I sent my dreams of
course what was I think what are you
doing touching my leg thanks bro
okay just touch it Thanks oh that wasn't
very nice you stepped off my leg
thermo-boy come here pop okay give
everybody oh oh
taking my four-hour nap like I do every
day your eyes how often malachite naps
honey
he literally he's so old a poor guy he
sleeps like almost all day long just
switched places with Bronx
I remember when Malachi was a little up
the he used to pounce all over Skeeter
me like yeah oh yeah Bronx is dude that
makes me sad hates it he growls every
time that makes me so sad when we when
we first got Malachi and we were very
first married um we still had this
family dog that we grew up with his a
black lab named Skeeter and Malachi was
just a puppy like Bronx jumping all over
Skeeter like blue plaid is huge when
Malachi was a puppy he had these paws
were gigantic and his ears like almost
touched the floor it was so big and
Conte and like just awkward you like
trip on stuff and he was just like this
dumb was like well he was like so
excited all the time
anyways that skeeters dies so it's hard
to sure that's nice too
right now Malachi is our is the Skeeter
of yesteryear oh yeah you wanna play oh
I miss Skeeter Skeeter was a good dog
remember Skeeter he had to go bye-bye
years old he couldn't even see it was
like running into walls and stuff all
right we're doing a photo shoot let his
hair this honey I'm just wearing this I
change I am Who I am
you can't gee I'm not wearing this okay
let's go shoot some photos KC I'm gonna
kill your dog he is torn everything off
oh look
nose rock hard he did it was ripped a
hole in the seat ripped all that stuff
out tore this couch up you probably like
you know did something out there I don't
know probably buried a bomb there's
probably bomb back there now guarantee
there's a bomb you know go on your
convertible bra gonna go where's your
golf clubs you put your golf clubs in
the trunk put your golf clubs in the
trunk where's your other shoe you never
have two shoes on you're mister one shoe
we call you that get on the other side
the doors on this side Hey
you're not a smart driver or not is that
like the cool way is that the way all
the cool guys do it they getting their
convertible they climb over the top yo
don't you know oh my legs I just shot my
like infant or fight or shut the door
all right you ready yeah ready hold on
one you're gonna hit that chair you're
about to have a head-on collision I hope
you have insurance boom boom here hey
hold that that's adorable
nice throw oh that was cool oh sweet
hi guys excited that there's company
over okay leave me alone I'm not in the
mood right now oh you're gonna get it
now bran see you're gonna get it now oh
that's gonna learn his lesson he's gotta
learn her lesson oh that's good takedown
dude he pinned it for three seconds I
was great
Fred do a slow-motion pin takedown you
could bite his whole hat off I think
he's just like he's just showing
dominance he's like loose loose listen
it's obvious that I'm in charge don't
hit the baby thank you very much it's so
entertaining to me watching him beat him
up Oh taking him down yeah who's the
youngster now who's the young spry one
now put him in his place though
Kobe keeps all box to the face all right
look Kobe's coming back what I'm calling
him
Oh Bronks I'm thinking ugh that's how
Malachi plays with Kobe my dad's dog
that's Bronx nice fighting Bronx we got
a couple good punches in there punch him
kick him in the face all right be nice
hey sit hi come here come here sit sit
sit
okay sit sit sit good good boy all right
Bronx leave them alone there they go
it's intolerable
these are big pictures for the calendar
right awesome
yeah yeah this is uh we're taking
pictures for the calendar in our
backyard it's fun someone's getting
brave and you stand up don't roll off
there dude he's gonna fall and just roll
right into this what's going on oh I'm
sorry
easy cheesy easy boy
okay let's see them all ready
she's-a-star taking pictures and let's
see them all wait can you do that but
then keep your chin a little bit lower a
little bit higher yeah like that oh
you're so good I think you got a natural
on your hands there
where'd you get all this man I don't
know he's the talented one I guess
that's Kia that's funny
Brock tard picked up this brick right
here you think of this and he's gone
he's gone here rock card so I pick up
your rock again he likes it he likes
picking it up he goes so Harry look what
I did dad that's pretty good for a
little dude David are you can pick it up
good job
we're so proud like nuts nothing way
younger than you it's more impressive
when I do it alright op tired fun we
gotta get on FAIL Blog good yeah oh no
here comes the Doomsday you got in that
chair then looked at us like I'm some
eyes
gonna move it in here I want to sit in
it again well that could help me Hey
look just chair anymore
I'm gonna sit in it again sit in it sit
sit sit boy sit
oh he's gonna do it it's kids yet sit
down all right that's enough set in time
I'm Amarone her up oh oh he stopped in
time good job he's learning I'm just
gonna back away back away I do not want
any part of that
oh I'm going here and hey check out
these pictures I just took what's this
they leave some in here I can't remember
think I did mmm I'm gonna do that an
entire vlog of just rocked our monologue
of him walking around the house doing
things Dan wife right so pretty stupid a
dad I'm a part of that
any part of that at all how can I resist
okay I can't true Oh baby
tell her more is putting together quite
the night 358 passing yards and the
third quarters not even over number 11
the Boise State Broncos kicking some
BOTS hello Toledo Ohio Ohio
you're gonna lose tonight suckas
oh what a night we're having tonight
this is my kind of night watching some
foosball on the boob tube having a
pretty hot wife and the kitchen making
you some Korean roti this is my favorite
dish and I you shouldn't make this this
is my weakness this is my weakness this
stuff I just start eating and I cannot
stop it tastes so good it's so chewy the
texture is just perfect the taste oh
it's just um Wolf's Divya recipe mommy
tarts gonna start um her channel back up
she has a YouTube channel called Haiti
let and she's actually dude did you pick
show us your design real quick your page
design I know okay so you got a new page
design that she just got design style
you want to start your own channel I
think Brett's actually starting a
channel for you guys
so not the curry bird dude you got a
Jeremy cook and you got to be watching
it don't burn
yeah you don't want to break it yeah you
don't get oil yeah oh you burnt it dawg
that's a little too Brown okay put that
other one hurry cost your boss
dogs gotta flip flip flop flip there
that's good that's nice golden-brown
that's what you want him to look like
kay that's a little too much pay
attention what's up yeah well they're
good now just you can do the next one
you always make the best rotis every
time you make the best rotis there are
hi I'm gonna give you a body slam you
ready you ready one two three four whoo
look at that shirt you guys this shirt
is it way too big for me I mean look at
all this is big
tent you can sorry I'm kidding I'm not
sure if you noticed nah I don't know if
you noticed but I'm losing weight I am
gonna get in really good shape I've I've
gotten far enough where I have that
taste in my mouth I'm like a shark who's
tasted the blood I'm like I could be a
fit person I went on another I want a 20
mile bike ride today and it was like
nothing it was like 20 miles was easy
for me to do a 20 mile bike ride today I
felt good I was like I love how I feel
ah anyway oh okay okay I guess that's my
show
I am I'm having a new body and that
means that this needs to change this
shirt is a 3x which is way too large oh
it's way too grande so what I'm gonna do
as I literally give me what are you now
tell people what you are now I wear an
extra-large and my I have some shorts
there's low stuff I'm sure that our 36
waist and I used to wear 44 I think I
have come here I think I have waist size
that are like 44 okay looks like these
shorts are 42 well these are my newest
shorts I just bought these are thirty
Six's so I went from a 42 to a 36 and
these shorts fit me now I'm gonna get
rid of all these fat clothes I don't
want him anymore so I'm gonna give them
to you guys and maybe you won't fit into
a fat guy sure but I think it'd be funny
I'll sign it and I'll tell you like a
whole story so we're gonna do once a day
until all my fat shirts are gone I have
to keep them from memories like a memory
haha oh dude look this is a three yet
it's faded glory sure that's a three yet
I'm gonna give a falling off the bed I'm
gonna give these away I'll sign it if
you want me to sign on the outside of
all and just I'm gonna send them to you
so I'm gonna get rid of all my fat sure
this closet if you want to win one of
these I'm not gonna do it every day on
Shaytards but we're gonna do it on
iphone tart okay so go to iphone tart
and you can win one of these shirts
we'll do a one a day and I'll sign it
and tell the story about I got this
shirt I remember we got it at Walmart
don't wait I was so big who actives a
little bit tight and this was like my
comfortable shirks it was 3x but it was
still a little bit loose it's sad to
think that this was a little bit loose
on me at one point in my life and now
it's like it's here so click I fun tarde
go win this shirt this would be the
first shirt I'll give away ok you won't
have a pirate shirt you can make a tent
out arm like 10 out of this shirt check
it out linking my pants
good night see you guys tomorrow bye hey
guys that was a great vlog huh listen
I'm gonna make a promise to you right
now the rest of the vlogs are gonna be
just like today's vlog I'm gonna keep it
like that I'm listening to what you guys
are saying in the comments every day is
gonna be like today's vlog I promise ok
come to the after part it is such a
great vlog it's not over yet we're
giving away a free fetch you call them
fat shirt spread I just keep talking
they were a former life I was a
different person
