you've got the moves and the skills
you're on a mission to kill the world we
punch on your pity having precious
just one is
Thank You Shane
and Katie their son jarred and princess
started maybe tardy Rock started now
like a baby touch big dog hey what are
we having for lunch today
peanut butter and banana sandwich with
grape oh I just bought fresh little
grape tomatoes you should get those out
too and fiery and flowers they are huh
it was always birthday yesterday baby -
I picked her but the reason we still
have him here baby I fell asleep and she
didn't get a chance to give Valley for
flowers by herself so she's going to be
able to get them to heart today
yay good Murphy Magee I know I'm doing
it on purpose now I'm not drinking
spitting in here Oh gross remind me not
to drink out of baby cards pop hey what
are you doing hi give me a bounce
any bounce yeah can you hi guys hey
that's a high finger cuz I got a
sandwich mom well we're just having
lunch saison shoot today for wrong I
believe wrong strap and it's a lazy day
I have so much work I need to do but I
am NOT doing it oh that's the hard thing
about being a mom is you don't have a
boss telling you do this do that you
just kind of do it I don't really want
to
today but you know what I'm going to
change my attitude because it will feel
so much better if my laundry is all
folded and I could just relax tonight
with the kids instead of folding laundry
later right anyways look so beautiful
don't they guys there's so I love
tomatoes and these tomatoes are organic
fresh locally grown so good they're so
good I love Tomatoes princess I really
loves Tomatoes too some hard you'll eat
them Shay however doesn't really like
tomatoes but when we were dating he
decided that he was going to force
himself to like tomatoes because I like
tomatoes cute it's kind of funny then
you don't have to do that it's fine if
he doesn't like tomatoes right but he
thought because I love Tomatoes he was
going to develop his taste buds and
acquire a taste for tomatoes just for me
and I thought that was really sweet
he still ate some every once in a while
but he doesn't eat him as much as he
used to women are dating which is still
so hilarious to me but he's so sweet
it's not sweet ladies I think it's sweet
sweet so maybe she's over here mommy
mommy you don't do you want to try one
of these fresh locally grown organic
tomatoes let me pick out a specialty
meal just for baby tart I think you're
gonna like it
are you ready this is fun it's little
and red and round
don't try it what do you think do you
like it
you promise are you just saying that not
it you walk it you look it such a my
toes you do really draw another one you
do that is the true test if a child says
they like it and they want another one
that means they really like it but if
they don't want another one they
probably really didn't
I saw the difference between the grape
tomatoes that would be a funny taste
shock the rock online now are you posing
for the camera it's like his little
French braids I did guys do you like
them you like
right bye maker studios and they're
building this new building and check it
out
giant crane from the road and they're
pumping the cement right into here
with all that
that is awesome
that's math it's gonna be there for the
next hundred years hi I'm sweating in
the mountains
check out this sword alright we're going
on the other side going in we go into
the belly of reefs we're gonna climb
through the gate
isn't actually sweet
where we camp Joseph Oh something right
there we go let me out that's pretty
cool huh
Ron is on a tree on this on a tree
yeah the sort out school okay good don't
fall I had the sword down alright do not
fall off of the tree growing up this
road isn't this cool there's just big
random tree head in okay yourself
he said let's see your outfit your
parasol the double umbrella I don't
think I've ever seen the double there
you go like that crown you made it here
we are we have arrived this place is
crazy
hey Ron come here and tell me what this
place is
it's a Nazi camp yeah it's like they
were gonna hide away here in during
World War two you know everything was
going down the Nazis that were stationed
here in Los Angeles needed a hideout in
case things got heavy here in the box
when was this is this really this is
serious though he's not even making us
up when was it no what is he making it
up there's no way I mean I don't know
anything about it but there's using why
would the 80s well no this this
graffitis like later you saying it was
like he was probably like a neo-nazi
group as opposed to during the whoa it
goes down under there we have an hour to
shoot to shoot all the fight sequence
between Ganondorf and links is gonna be
a music video for hi I'm wrong on his
channel he's gone your channel right
wrong
hi I'm Ron I have ways of a calendar
that's coming out at the end of October
okay let me hear the light that's cool
yeah nice
that's like Braveheart at the end when
he throws he throws it it's like cool
I don't know this is awesome oh you guys
doing over here oh you're like tied up
here
denise is tied she's tied up these guys
are over here trying to figure out some
lighting situation sweats gonna be a
music video in Ron's channel be sure to
check it out don't you get hurt now Tim
Davis be careful up there what you doing
see the video on around the germs how
what you doing shooting a video on the
rapid cooking with Jo look yeah would
you just look at it which one buddy look
at it oh and that's not sir
he's my friend yeah I what man I've
eaten breakfast with Sean Penn oh sorry
would you look at which I look at Ed's I
love any in case you're gonna go to
Philadelphia Eagles game with one of
these days Oh ready okay I'm just
blogging up here hey Ron hey bro
coming down how's it going there Ron so
fun me and Shay were just sword fight
sword fighting you're on a roof right
now we are in the treetops look at this
we're in Pandora
was it cool up there Artie there's a
huge water tank you can see it up there
it's like spray paint it's smashed
oh really I can you go inside of it dude
look at all these pipes this reminds me
of a True Blood or what does know there
will be blood reminds me of there will
be blood what are you like piping all
the troops what I drew blood I don't
know what I'm talking about
there will be blood that's a that's a
good one Qasim does a really good Daniel
day-lewis impression Daniel day-lewis is
costumes like best favorite actor I'm
gonna say best friend but he's favorite
cast and tone-tone okay bye like slow-mo
through this this is amazing cliff like
who built this rape I gotta go to camp
rape this summer sorry Billy
sorry Johnny I'm not be able to play
baseball I'm going to this place is
weird man it's like apparently the real
rumor is it like these Nazis built this
is gonna be like a Nazi camp I don't
know when we don't know the time frame
on this place you know it's like imagine
this in the heyday cuz like somebody did
some serious building there's or some
effort you can imagine this place in the
heyday it's probably like there's like
people lived here I bet you see a
picture there's a lot like houses up
there looks like maybe some of them were
moved or something
cut that's wrap okay it's time to go
home we are done shooting for today I
got to take my giant sword wheat to me
so uh this is crazy this place is crazy
there's like a van down here with this
van that's like crashed the VW little
bus down here I just think to myself how
many dead bodies are within 1 mile
radius of me right now it's gotta be at
least 5 right this place looks like
there's some stuff has gone down so
there's at least 5 maybe 10 dead bodies
in them one square mile radius creepy
anyways this is fun
this is my job this is what I do for a
living I used to get up at 6:00 in the
morning you guys have heard it all
before
you still get up 6:00 a.m. go polish
granite in the middle of the winter
standing there in total like raincoat
rain boots because it's like you're wet
polish unis so and then it's freezing so
every time he opens the door to pull the
truck or a trailer in or go get a piece
of granite out from the yard
yeah then I have to go out there and
hook up the granite to the forklift and
I'll be a soaking wet like wearing these
giant rain boots they'd be freezing to
the cenotes January now I carry giant
swords through the California
mountainside thanks guys I appreciate it
in the best check out this she's gonna
be here cool right all hang out up here
any of you guys noir that says you
should come up here it's a freaking
awesome it's in I think I'll show this
sign when we leave you guys could come
up here let's just here in LA here's the
riverbed downstairs this is where we're
at Rustic Canyon Tetris
song as a bar it's cool but I can't
Josef phone that's another that's we
gotta come guys it's cool it's way fun
and we want to come back to just like to
explore one of these days cuz there's so
much crazy stuff up here I feel like
we're the father's side of this amount
whoo that's a man well there's some Smet
look at there's a road you guys totally
want to come here do I look crazy
so do you think I thought that place was
like cool and awesome and freaky and
like I don't know
I found one that's watching begin to see
if you have any more adjectives I was
like an Akshay got out we get it you
think it's cool all right
those two become awesome cool sweetness
radical gnarly there's Adam Corolla we
went and had a we did cars all right 44
I never get an ax colonic again fight
that pillow
