oh say
car
Oh
and oh hey hey oh hi we are going right
now to the Adam Carolla podcast you guys
want to see Los Angeles look there's the
city skyline of Los Angeles remember oh
dude this reminds me of when man chasm
came down for Lakers during the Lakers
playoff so we did like man on the street
down here and we drove down here and
there is helicopters everywhere because
the game was going on anyway so a me and
Qasim are we going right now
to be on the Adam Carolla podcast you
don't know who Adam Carolla is where you
been dude huh he is on he's down the man
show he's been on a ton of movies he's
been he's done a ton of hilarious stuff
is a podcast now I'll put a link below
we're gonna go that right now I'm
excited and with me and mommy tarde were
on his wife Lynette Corollas podcast and
the parent expects we got the phone cuz
we were on his life me and my life and
his life never okay why all right so
here we go buy into the mountain we go
now my wish comes true we're okay you
have another chance Brent here we go
we're going back into the mountain one
look there's a bunch of them we can make
so many wishes right here
I wish hood and you haven't gotten one
wish yet no bounds of age I'm gonna go
wish again
oh crap no it's good I was wishing for
like war and so good thing I didn't get
it Wow huh yeah crazy you're crazy okay
we're going but remember this one this
is the same place where we came and did
the podcasts with Adams wife when the
parent experiment with mommy all the
kids sat right here remember who's on
the video I think so this car was for
sure cuz GT us so they're talking to me
and Kasimir going in next
okay it was missing for how long this is
an old race car what is this gauge for
now the temperature oh that's
interesting
get out of the way Pelosi
oh is the end it was the all the USSR
yes remember from Lollapalooza Augie
Andy OH can we call you Aussie Andrew
I've met with check out this mini bike
yes - it's a chopper stuff dude that is
awesome
me and Casey had one of those and we're
like 13 and we would try forever to get
it started it would finally start and
we'd like riding around the neighborhood
like don't turn it off check that out
it's like a chopper many like he has all
these little mini bikes it's all there
you ready uh I think so
all right here we are in studio with the
man himself Adam Carolla when is it
gonna be up a bit tonight check it out
link in my pants you guys go listen to
the show Kassem said a bunch of
inappropriate thing it is but that's the
way it is now for as we talked about my
colonic I told that I'm all about how
exciting it was this morning to go have
asked about YouTube to talk to the
YouTube audiences you have their captive
yeah I'm curious about this YouTube you
want sin guys I want help how to channel
then yeah I'm gonna start a channel
that's what we're gonna do we're gonna
put on comments like if you think comedy
Dyke mostly I think I focus on pathos
ethos what having forgotten three
musketeers a lot of high colonic talk
now of course this used to be a high
colonic and now it's just a colonic yeah
is that what they used to call it they
call it a high corner I think they did
where that where the two went down your
mouth and then it goes all the way
here's the thing about the mouth tube
and tube you don't you should label
those properly yes and it's always the
same chick it works at the place right
and feel like I want to like get into a
relationship if I keep going choose how
many people go in weekly come in here's
the other show is this these yours yes
this is the shake are so big I got your
tweeters Oh check out my tweet
oh you me follows your life already
improved it's so impressive we did yet
today but I'm a frequent tweeter follow
me at Alison Rosen and there's just one
out and Alison well no and follow Adam
on the tweets as well how long have you
been on Twitter now I like me on Twitter
I've been on Twitter for like I don't
know don't everything he's offended the
Filipinos on Twitter I have a following
that's when you that's when you love
them they're in a closet who just
apologizes to ferry screws before you
wheel okay who should I apologize he
just spins it and then whatever it lands
on you have to tweet it apologies or
whatever he just randomly shoots them
out that yeah that worries you can
they ahead yeah yeah there's future
offenses yeah and that way I'm sorry now
and forever I get the transsexuals all
up at a time like I do didn't you see
Monday's Pat Sajak's to the wheel you
can control his drawers he doesn't mind
on $10 a night say Jeff I made the
mistake of stating that I was a comedian
and not a politician in one of my many
apologies doubts that a real apology but
it's like I'm trying to make a point
which is comedians people usually like
Godfrey fan Jon Stewart makes that point
all the time
yes just words he's hilarious
off studio we are at Walt Disney Studios
right now I'm not supposed to film here
last time I pulled up here I was filming
and they yelled at me I would have found
a little bit I'm cheating Walt Disney
Studios look at me breaker
this is Walt Disney Studios right here
where they built they make everything
worse the characters so who remembers
the last time that we were here at the
Walt Disney Studios does anybody
remember why I was here my name is rod
apparently last time I was here I was
auditioning for the my part in no
ordinary family don't get those parts
you know you audition that is literally
the only audition I've ever been on
and I got the part right now I'm never
gonna go on another audition because I
want to have a hundred percent audition
rate I have gotten every audition of
evert auditioned for that nerdy guy in
like the Jonah Hill movies super bad
yeah yeah that's crazy audition ever
oh really thanks all right so we're here
actually for a meeting of something I'm
sure I can't tell you about but just go
along for the ride anyways I can't film
very much in there so we're going to
yeah
you won't see anything I'll tell you
later I'm sure
finding out at school this is what I
hate about California look how close we
are here you can touch it lean out and
show how pretty pretty cool man I can
touch this book cam - I'm gonna touch
the foot get hurry okay see
thanks for Tai Chi - to prove it awesome
it's scary I feel like claustrophobic
it's getting lower and lower and lower
oh and there was a sweet bump to lose
you're speeding over I know I don't even
see it I flew over this speed bump and I
was like I'm like anyway so we're done
with our meeting at Disney we're not
just trying to get out of the friggin
parking garage out of the parking garage
there's a weird day me and Brent called
these days Hollywood days went freakin
to the podcast with Adam Carolla
now we just had a meeting with Disney
google and you tube see that was that
was it that was the speed bump I thought
we were gonna hear right there again
these are Hollywood days they're what
make us feel like grown-up because there
are people like in suits what was the
other Hollywood day we had oh when we
had we went to Adam Carolla's wife's
podcast and what else did we do that's
stuck in here - I can't get out I'm
afraid I'm gonna hit my you wanna eight
are all they do subscribe there's one
day the first youtuber ever met I love
you guys hi they were in our meeting
with us so we're gonna be on Shaytards I
don't think she wanted to meet she's
like let's go I'm going I'm going
are we going the right way we're not
stuck in here we're seriously stuck in
the Disney park haha check out some more
videos there's always a multiplet of
multiple titude videos Rock tardy that's
yesterday's vlog
Oh what I have those shorts on let me
tell you this they have a hole in the
back of them yeah go put them on sucker
this video is disgusting do not eat
while you watch it check it out colonic
I did it
