oh say
car
Oh
go ahead right yell it yell at my
children everybody somebody on the
camera on this is on so when you're
watching Spongebob this is 30 minutes so
baby chart be more selective with your
footage okay so you're Phil that you're
you're free to film he's just leaving
here for 30 minutes on the Pepsi bottle
that's not very interesting oh you're
such a sellout I see what it is he has a
brand veto 32 minutes yeah I converted
this and it's over 10 gigabytes it was
begun get one baby turn baby turn is in
the mood lately of stealing camera you
can see the water inside this perfectly
could see condensed you see dripping
nasty read that like oh we need to speed
it up that's over 32 minutes you see the
droplets like go away who wants to watch
water condensing okay guys so mommy
targets that make your Studios for the
video shoot she's shadow no she's
shooting something for her knee channel
careful dog so we're here making the
kids a snack when we make and print this
card
no silly okay we're making macaroni and
cheese I think we can turn this down now
daddy tard
let's put into a little low setting so I
really have only made these a couple
times and print this hard is gonna teach
me I'm gonna show you how to do it okay
wait
first of all get Rock turn it off there
don't drop them it's a little fungus out
of here so princess hard to tell me what
is the next step after we have boiled
the macaroni what do we do next
this is this is recipe time with
princess tower we put salt in it in the
water in the water right now before we
drain it you do mean this stuff okay
grab some salt right there it's right
there okay okay well stir it up so I
don't know all right she's salting them
up a little bit we don't have this all
sundered this is princess hard recipe
bro it's gonna be super salty it'll be
alright
trust me alright so where we need necks
you got it what you got a tool in there
are you got the cauldron the colander
it's called the colander so wait am i
wait so where do we dump this that we
don't just set it right here and dump it
all right so how much you're gonna put
in dude I don't know all right
okay we're gonna guess just I think like
a quarter of a cup no more okay that's
good we'll see how creamy it is I think
less milk means it's more creamy I don't
know all right so what else what do we
need butter oh this is gonna be this
this is not on my diet that is for sure
alright hurry get the butter in there
okay go ahead hey stir it up get it in
there you get the heat to use the heat
to melt that stuff up and I'll get the
cheese ready for you
that's all you grab on the handle stir
it come on you got to get in there you
really have to stir the pot bro get deep
in there you want me to stir and you
pour this in or do you want me to pour
this in I do stir I thought so I know
what the fun part is all right go ahead
just start pouring it in
all right slowly slowly oh it's getting
thicker any two hands grab hurry come on
or mixing it up we're mixing it up it's
lucious macaroni cheese hey remember the
song used to sing all the time when you
used to watch that Barney yes you do
remember macaroni macaroni mac and
cheese three times daily Freddy's please
you remember that song you don't member
that you remember that no no oh right we
have to oh my gosh I was like that
you're doubling up on the cheese my bad
you're right go ahead we got two boxes
in there I forgot bro you can't double
the cheese that Jesus for the other
noodles bro
geez you can't tell with the cheese
unless you have something to do with
those noodles bro it's all package just
serve always I'm gonna never do that
just like waste the noodles cuz you just
want a super cheesy so you do two
packets of cheese in one portion of
noodles be honest does any of you
anybody be honest with me we have two
packages in there okay so now that whoa
you're done when you don't have that
right
you'll need that anymore we're done I
think we're ready it looks good bro what
else you want us golden mac and try to
write there son if the mac and Chetta
straight up so you dish and everybody's
up whose is that
who's that that's yours well I have to
do everything around here huh you're
really stacking a high brah you know
about you better eat all that remember
the same my graph I you gene take all
you want but eat all you take that's the
rule so take all you want but you have
to eat everything you take it's kind of
like the old rule huh they tell you
that's not smart good anymore how
Americans become obese because there's
so much it's easy to take a lot and eat
it all and we do everytime multiple
times a day no necessarily always listen
to the old advice of grandpa Eugene you
have too much an airplane don't eat it
all because it's gonna make you fat all
right that's for a little munch little
munchkin good little mommy tard I don't
even need to hurt around here we got you
you take care of the kids okay good
right now I can be like to do all the
chores that's how we're honor that yummy
oh this is food all the red stuff
oh thanks bro I guess I'll just go ahead
and get busy it's more this okay you
wanna feed it to me bring in the palm
leaves and the grapes what do you think
about that macaroni and cheese your big
sister made it for you
no sorry bro okay House Rules you on any
sorry I'm not sure loss a loss you're
not gonna ever be able to eat again in
your life Seamus we have a tower of
human muscle hair whoa is that saying
while you eat makes you fat don't what
goes down make sure was your as well
goes down stays around close the lips
one moment ladies you like those Shores
Chinese he's got short shorts on Casey
says cows towards that say loss Josh I'm
not sure which one we're here with me
she's gonna teach us how to surf are you
ready I'm ready dude I've been ready I
was born ready
alright we're going out on the ocean
right now we're gonna surf I'm gonna get
up here we go so how are we doing
naturally ELISA climbs on the table I
are they making this so awkward we are
in makers music studio I love the
ambiance in here
it probably doesn't look very good
camera lighting wise but it's so calm
and quiet I can hear a little noise the
microphone I'm so short look at me hi my
head's gonna sing into the microphone
and said shark and here is all the
controls those couch is so nice oh I
love it
I'm gonna be here again someday and I'm
going to be singing in the studio
guaranteed very excited
here's one of him dance hey breathe your
face is red I'm not sweating I'm not as
funny it's actually that's my first here
we are the third Street Santa Monica
promenade oh we came down here at
Casey's headed to Utah for a month to go
kill animals I was gonna pretend like I
was saying California so we came down
here and bought his wife a computer so
she can start making videos
Kaylee's in a sermon consider shirt
pulling their own weight that's all I'm
serious look at that that's cool I said
dinosaur that was a dinosaurs there
that's a freaking stegasaurus t-rex Rob
ouranosaurus
that's brontosaurus you sure that's a
piranha that was my but my favorite
whose favorite Dino was a Bronto Melo yo
yo my favorite Dino was a Stella so yo
bro what's your favorite dinosaur do you
have a favorite I don't see how you can
have a favorite dinosaur I like the
Velociraptor a favorite dinosaur
when you learned about dinosaurs in
school what picture of it what dinosaur
did you drop probably like the long neck
I think
align it okay yeah brontosaurus yes oh
yeah they seemed like big and gentle
when I watch the movie Land Before Time
it's full of smells sounds really cool
hey guys brette the intern here I'm
doing slate because Shay had a big like
bag of McDonald's and just walked into a
room and said don't bother me I don't
know what that meant but no he's not
he's not eating junk food because he's
on shayloss so click to check out the
new shayloss there's a twist ending
and also surfing with Mia she's super
attractive don't tell her I said that
but she's hot yeah Casey and shade do
that and she lost him blah and blah blah
blah blah talk to you later bye
