you've got the moves and the skills
you're on a mission to kill the world
with sunshine your PD having precious
and I just wanted
Thank You Shan and Kay the Sun guard and
princess Carter may be tardy rock
Dardanelle like I better warning this
next segment of video may need
supervision by a parent or guardian
consult your parents before you watch
this video clip why say so I'm crazy
I can't shave my hair my beard yes I'm
too much other what made you decide to
do that dad it's pretty good right it
was like it yeah lots of hair darkness
lots of hair that's not there anymore
I'm British babies like you think I'm
sorry
you think your dad was a goof or
something is that what I do everything
we did it I don't know I think it's
back-to-school nights today
why do you have two apples why do you
have one for you do it mom but asking
down hard
are you ready for driving to school with
me yeah yeah that your lunchbox cute I
don't even know what you just say cuz
you would have a sandwich in it like
this morning the girls got up very
grudgingly let me tell you yeah and they
even went to bed early I got them in bed
by 8:30 8:30 that's early right yeah
they were so really tired this morning
what I don't act like fat and I saw a
cat in the backyard
she's coming to stand up for herself so
some tourgasm see other than you didn't
I could last okay apparently I was
misrepresenting her actions this morning
she was really tired though so hang
downstairs got him all ready
oh hi zip it back up by batard okay so
do you mind I can't even remember what I
was talking about now Oh big a bother is
so hard okay here's what I was trying to
say I don't remember all right let's go
to school I love you today I love you
today cheated today I love you two days
I love you two days and God loves you
and I love you it's I love you dammit
candle like yeah we're in the car
waiting for braylee tard to get ready
for weeks I was in church she's okay she
takes a long time she is getting
beautified her hair looks beautiful
oh my goodness oh she's yes she is so
fun well as I say it's a perfect day and
I'm so bad here what that's where you're
gonna when I know everything I don't
know everything
oh yeah you got the upside down got it's
your upside down you don't care it's bad
place thank you bye guys oh it's ready
for school I guess we're escuela a
square let me see sorry guys if you're
so nervous
happy be apt to learn a lot today
ah I was so proud of centaur this
morning so every day at school they have
a snack time and then they have a lunch
time and I'm always like
they don't need a something huge for
snack because they're just going to be
eating lunch
so yesterday I sent like apples and
string cheese today a princess shark was
begging for a peanut butter and jelly
sandwich so I said have peanut butter
jelly sandwich and sunt Hart said mom
it's okay I'm just gonna bring an apple
today so he knew hmm and Apple's gonna
be a much healthier choice and a peanut
butter and jelly sandwich so I'm gonna
go with the Apple so I'm so proud of him
he's been working hard he's been doing
stairs and just having fun being active
like we haven't pressured him into doing
anything you see a Shay being active and
eating healthy and so it just motivates
him to do the same thing like we're not
like okay you have to do this because
dad's doing it he's just gotten on board
because he thinks that I think that you
see is Shay having fun doing it so just
get active guys and it'll help get your
kids active just that's all oh I just
turned the camera off and what'd you say
baby chard what did you say you didn't
film me what would you like to say to
the camera you just want to point what
are you pointing at the light it's green
wait it's still red we can't go yet
oh there you have it the wisdom of baby
tard
creepy I'm so excited I'm seeing the
singer himself and we're gonna watch
kids mother first direction I'm so
pumped right you're on screen you ready
kids
you get one watch this you wanna get
this moment with you a moment you got it
you wanted to get Imams together
um spaghetti on a sweater all right here
we go I just found out what my kids been
doing psychos I'm tired of you done it
yes Oh Oh hurt yourself baby tired of
you done it Debbie jarred you wanna do
it
princess are let's see this baby tried
to undo it well I came up here to find
my headphones like what is doing why is
this bed all mixed up the Sun tired fix
it
he's like well we were jumping and I'm
like you guys are jumping it's pretty
cool all right let's go keep doing
they're all excited like yeah all right
it is time to get on the bicycle this
morning buy my new helmet come a new
bike love it this bike is way better for
what I do this is a bike that I bought a
little over two years ago me and Philip
DeFranco actually went to that same
Helen cycle the same price I got this
bike and me and Phil both bought bikes
are exercising on and I love this bike
this is a really good bike problem with
this is this is more of a mountain bike
because it's really wide tires and it
has shocks this one is more of like a
thin tire kind of rode bikes design
doesn't have any shock so you don't lose
any or you know energy as your pedaling
has disc brakes it's a lot lighter bike
so this is a lot better for what I do
I'm mostly on the roads and like on the
I'll show you guys I rely usually don't
take you on this part of my life I'm
surprised I haven't yet so let's go for
a little ride today is a big day for me
because I'm trying to hit 30 miles today
at the longest I've went I think it's 24
25 miles he's sneaking up on me I think
I can do 30 miles yes so my goal because
I have a little phenom etre here
odometer or whatever I got to go out
there somewhere in the world 15 miles I
believe then once I get to that 15 miles
I just turn around and come right back
to you and I'll have an even 30 that's
the thing with riding the bike is like
to get out there you got to get back so
you know you're gonna go double what I
feel like one day I'm gonna call you
like okay I came out too far and can't
make it back I'll try to make it come
save me so here we go longest bike ride
yet 30 miles let's try to get her done
let's do it so got my water stack it
right in there I'm not gonna take the
camera with me you guys because it's
hard to hold it in my pocket it's a bad
excuse you know you need special shorts
with those like to get into my pocket
these really fast of all shorts and
they're so long when I'm pedaling it's
like on me yeah it shorts late you do
just wear a speedo Oh plus I just stole
this little contraption mommy card this
is great I don't have to figure
something else out for my morning
workout so I just put this right there
boom Shakalaka then I could be like I
don't like this song flip change it what
I want to do is I wanna get this mounted
right there that would be perfect then I
have light at my little mobile command
center I'll never not on this everybody
the postures live on this bike all right
let's go 30 miles baby all right I get
back maybe if I get back piece what hold
on be safe I go into the future he's
doing a great job pawn you guys I'm so
proud of him he has not needed any
motivation any pushes anything from
anybody he's just been I'm doing it he
always amazes me when he doesn't cuz I'm
like okay I'll get there eventually and
that I need like I need to see somebody
else doing it or I don't know I'm sure
that he gets motivation from somewhere
but he acts like it's just so easy he's
amazing okay rambling okay you guys I
just got back from my bike ride and I
just wanted to show you how far I made
it today okay so here's my little
speedometer the way that it reads it's
Wireless but it has a monitor right here
on the fork down here is like a magnet
see this thing right here on the spoke
and they calibrate it so they know that
when this goes around when this rotates
when I ride my bike when it passes
this it counts it's like one rotation
from here all the way around so then the
little computer in this little thingy
thing here it figures out it knows the
distance of one rotation of my tire so
then it figures out the math and can
tell you like how fast you're going
according to the you know whatever
equation they used to figure out miles
per hour and then also miles today Shay
traveled 30 3.5 miles that's pretty good
my bike this since I got a so domitor
I've been 90 miles on my bike with an
average speed of 15 point one miles an
hour that's almost up I don't know why
it's like that anyway so yeah today I
went thirty three point five miles an
hour which is the farthest I've ever
went on my bicycle high five I almost
had a bike I almost had to stop coming
back because my legs were cramping up
and they felt so tight I literally just
wanted to sit down like on a park bench
for ten minutes but I made it took me
about two hours and ten minutes to go 34
most 34 miles I did it yes and then I
punched him right in the jugular vein
dear hey guys thanks for watching the
vlog today me and Rock chart hope you
had a great time a great time please
come back tomorrow I am cute check it
out we wanted to leave you today with in
the parking garage remastered for you
brought to you by RUP RUP RUP RUP reboot
 son said Barroso said I don't know
I think was his link is below check this
out what he does with my amazing saying
it was amazing what sucked okay rolling
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
I am talented don't you think so I'm a
record deal it up right now I have one
in my pocket a whole record company
leave a comment below if you own a
record company and you want to suck
thanks to remixes that was awesome check
his link out below look at me walking
like a serf Bad Monkey also puts remix
ID you owe me $5 sure I know I keep
saying sister sonic Sitter side I'm
stupid
check out epic superhero kiss you guys
are awesome it's on the top favorited
page on the front of YouTube do you guys
are sweet thank you for checking it out
and being sweet okay bye
