all right take Carl what are you doing
today company coming over for well today
uncle of party you guys you watching us
right now we're starting up a little
Brea 5 so it's 5 p.m. Pacific Standard
Time
come over to spray all this is this some
trade over here all the program is ready
anyways up epic superhero kisses
uploading today we're doing the upload
party on blog comment below people
coming over if you make their Studios
down to the beat here and famous actor
Jonathan shapes might stop by it was an
epic Jedi few members he was also in the
movie that thing you do you do
understand names of them anyways and
making Korean roachie
yeah I have the know help me anyway so
we're getting ready for the upload party
be sure to come by check us out
guard spray off once you do a little
Locker scrubbing done close also big
memory to 911 today's 10 years was that
big memory big shout-out tonight no just
that we watched that movie last night
what was it called flight 93 and how
crazy like just the phone calls that
those people had on the flight because
you know 93 went down after that both
the towers were head and so those people
kind of had a little heads up to know
what was going on and those people kind
of figured that it was a suicide mission
that they were gonna hit it into a
building so these people overtook the
they overtook the plane back from the
terrorists and then they you know they
erect anyway so I was just thinking like
you know what do you do what do you say
on a day like today it's been ten years
since its giant tragedy you know I just
think I think about those conversations
it's like those last goodbyes where you
know like probably our last conversation
ever you know last time we'll ever speak
here on this earth and so let's think
about about that a lot today and I
tweeted you know say those things now I
feel like it'd be so great to already
have had that conversation like just to
tell those people how you really feel
and then you know in that moment does
have fun it to be like okay we're ready
for this we've already had this
conversation and we're okay with this
and it's anyways alright hope you guys
having a good Sunday we're scrubbing the
deck mommy card and everybody else would
they go buy some groceries for the party
comes the light show whereas it started
at five blogtv trade out links my pants
see you guys bye
