we've got the moves and the skills
you're on a mission to kill the world
with lunch on your pity I'm impression
here
I just wanna say
Thank You Shan and Katie this garden
princess it's like 6:30 in the morning
Oh Mike it's almost time to get ready
then she goes do we miss it sure this is
like old disoriented
she's excited are you excited yes can I
go to school with you if I wear this you
like it I think that I could start a new
fashion trend what do you think yeah
we'll do it together
your skirts are hit our new fashion
trend so what are you gonna wear for
your first day of school
beautiful - yeah you don't look baby I
don't look plenty either oh it's so hard
in life to look pretty
I've been trying to hold my whole life
to look plenty just keep trying guys why
don't you guys go try to look flippy to
like party made baby tardes the trophy
from the epic derby huh and they became
good friends and they hung out like all
day long we were filming and already
read her stories and they because
complained about how a part of a life
she has
hey guys who would make the studios
coming down here to have some meetings
and I just shot a promotional thing on
the green screen with to tell a we have
a Spanish vertical now and they are
launching when they told me October crap
I should know this October 6 they think
but they have a bunch of stuff like soap
operas have some reason to be in a soap
opera so we have an entire Spanish
vertical now where there's literally
probably 20 people working on the stuff
right now so if you're Spanish check it
out even if you're not Spanish it's for
everyone except for you no babies
allowed love you forever
I just called him he's like there's air
oh no you missed it I guess
thank you so we have the regular hot
water and then we've got tropical fruit
coconut water with tropical I am going
to be the first one to try this
I don't care che just ski miss out sighs
I get to have all the vital cocoa that
I'm gonna hide on you're gonna have to
search around the house kids from school
it's a family affair now we all have to
come even gauger we even allowed gage to
come most times we don't like gage come
anymore cuz we're embarrassed of him
when you have to make him keep stay in
the house but we decided to bring him
today
sorry gage er I was school Prince tarde
did you learn white Sun hardwood you
learned today
oh crap go back in I ain't gon turn
around go back go back
okay don't come back so you learn
something see ya we'll be back tomorrow
morning
fine see this is your this is your chair
yeah that's really sick huh okay
princess start this isn't your class
where's your seat then where do you sit
really so you guys don't sit on the same
they sit across the class from each
other I know I think that's good yeah we
don't we do not want them teaming up so
you sit over there good Bailey sits over
there
puts the started sits here keep these
two split up they're in the same class
this year and they are gonna terrorize
this place I have a feeling right you
guys gonna be good right
do you like your teacher this is a nice
classroom looks good all right so this
is princess tarts classroom seems
sufficient for my child's educational
needs what fish and computers we got to
get some maths in here maybe want to
make a donation cool
let's go let me get some fish nice hey
princess start what'd you have for lunch
today
we had what sushi what sushi you mean
sushi sushi no I want try to be your
Shushi please I guess that's sign number
73 - point to that you know you're in
California your first grader gets sushi
for lunch I think it's great that's
healthy speaking of sushi and we've
decided we do have some with some
edamame is how those good that's good
how are those good how are those going
you get Brock charred one hrothgar what
she had a mama so good for you uh like
some from another one day this is cool
how they come out to in this little
basket it's like a frisbee I want to
throw this what's my name
uh Nana who what's name oh we are now
drinking Nevada cocoa is area I know
you're from Barbie dolls let's see this
trend if I get a picture with Rihanna
let's a look what you guys did we got
six boxes of vitae coconut water and a
new guest
we think rihanna you want to be Rihanna
tarde I'm gonna hang out with us when
hanging out with those Rihanna hey
Brianna wants to know what time dinner
is do you know what time we're having
about well what time she likes you
Ariana she wants a Caesar salad do you
have a Caesar salad her head is pretty
ginormous she's not allowed chance a
Caesar salad
she just jealous Rihanna she doesn't
understand our relationship can't open
it with a knife you think a hammer
Rihanna could open wanted but she's from
the islands she could open one she's
from Barbados Oh none for what does it
taste like so by the Coco because you
guys were so cool it's like tweet by the
Coco after my video and tell him that I
loved it they brought us a bunch of
stuff over here I wasn't here when they
brought it over because we had miss
scheduling we all have the six boxes of
vitae Coco do not punch Rihanna be nice
view that I'm sorry Rihanna they usually
don't act like this all the time son
dude listen Chris Brown knock OH Thunder
beat him up I mean we need to find a
spot for Rihanna I think let's move her
over here let's put her over here so
she's like peeking from above a couch
that's where we Ana's gonna be she
always be there watching over tell him
it's all right give Maha's he got bit by
an ant husband cards up there by what's
a sweet weird about yet
let's see we're at let's see man that's
the tough that's a tough one that's
tough I saw the ant on him actually you
just want to spend the night oh man that
sounds like a big promise Casey is this
true
have you been promising them they could
spend the night Rhianna what do you
think
oh no no she says no guys you cannot
stay or not
you cannot say on do not do not listen
if I see you like one finger on my
Rihanna poster I'm not joking I will
give you five in the arm pretty much as
hard as I can hey look at my face this
is my not joking face and you know that
if you touch Rihanna if you even come
closer that I feel like you're too close
you need to get out of the way
so I'm sorry I'm serious I owe charley
horse you fight look at me I am not
joking
hi prom I'm not hey I really will punch
you in the eye dude I'm a bunch of hard
seriously as hard as I can a charley
horse
there was a horse and his name work far
away it's time to feed Monica baby but
it's time to feed my little baby bird oh
here you go baby bird feed birds feed
the birds feed oh no my love Grimes
there's all the right song were you
doing that was having me a little grape
here little grape snack delish
alright let's go front flip contest
sue sue the best baby card
skateboarding the house growling in the
house texting tweeting in the house send
emails oh this is so yummy looking for
scraps I will find some Scribus they
will be delicious my under this crabs
he was just licking you I know he's the
pansy hey look at us on the beach
hey Danny Richards guess what you're
cleaning out my truck there's sand in
there and it's never coming out that's
totally her fault I know it is her fault
for making that stupid song that I'm
making a music video to by the way we
didn't put her link in the pants
yesterday right now but Dan is linking
my pants go check her out guys okay rawr
