you've got the moves and the skills
you're on a mission to kill the world
with sunshine your pity I'm impression
hero and Jake
Thank You Shane and Katy the Sun garden
princess garden may be tarred and rock
hard and Malachi better edge stitch
later baby - little baby neighbor rock
tired he has a cream he's going
somewhere with the cream erased over his
head white shirt music video coming up
next
hey hey go through outside I'm ready
with the cream
hi everybody like I got this cream
nobody can talk to this famous mind I
have taken this is mine I will cherish
it
I'm the way after cream call me the
cream king named cheese king music video
right now where are we going we're going
to make music we go into the oceanic
experience it's on the edge of the earth
that's where the ocean starts guys right
on the edge of where the earth is any
who's old Anna Richards we're going to
make your music video today Brett in
editing put some of this song that we're
going to make music video right now now
okay like this playing I want to be
playing and I want my voice still be
heard but I want that song in background
okay sure
imagine this gasps imagine a sunset
we're all gonna be born like matching
white shirts it's gonna be like slow
motion like pictures of the kids clean
in the sand
I like throwing him up like holding
monitor overhead yeah keep the music
okay okay that's it okay that was okay
good
he was key see how good he is he was
mentally keeping track of how long it
was he's like I want to play too much of
the song cuz he growling rock rock Turk
he's gone wrong Raja cratan baby he just
learned how did I hit this there last
weekend and Grandma turn gave him the
spare and he started growling ah
that's his new thing he growls rah rah
you look let's go to the microwave
sometime what's your name rocked that's
funny right
been funny that I made that mistake it's
a hilarious estate right because I'd
already like done it to that happy I've
already done it in my mind so what are
we doing this is right oh yeah no we'll
just do a different clip because they
know that this will be after the Tori
gone up and then every we'll know what
we were talking about so you guys I'm
doing this now before it's come out but
it's the past for you so it doesn't
matter talk about time travel I don't
wanna say too much but Sam macaroni and
shapin have got us to DeLoreans for our
new web server yes a real exact the
future about Cameron yes we have a great
web service Hutchins I don't know Brett
if you are in love we're gonna be doing
a web search about that more on that to
come
what was I talking about oh we had the
Charles Trippy thing so we're going to
shoot this thing I'm about to do the
microwave was Sun tarde but he's not
here cuz he's at Kaylie's because
Kaylee's doing all the kids hair and
getting them dressed for the music video
she rocked hard is the only one here
says like oh I'll just use rock hard to
do this little funny bit because what we
were going to do is like Sun tarts
always wondered what it was like to put
the camera in the microwaves is this
little fun thing we did with Charles
Trippy if you know what I'm talking
about go watch both of our videos from
yesterday stupid okay I'm gonna film
this now is this like a parade or
something your hair looks amazing
baby thar let me see your hair oh my
goodness are you just about the most
beautiful girl in the entire world
you look like Taylor Swift are you
Taylor Swift oh you're so beautiful I am
our Swift I know what that was weird you
look pretty is that what you're wearing
on the beach that's what we're wearing
oh you're not you have a new outfit oh
this is height is that what you're
wearing is that what you're doing did
she cut your hair looks good dude nice
point to it I'll go guy could dive right
off the end of there right into the pool
it's like boy that was a tiny tiny tiny
little person don't look a stupid idea
to me Oh give him a heart oh that's good
feels good squat right there hey kid you
scratch my back
Yeah right there scratch it I'm older
than you you know I'm in charge
I've been here alone not longer than you
I was like boy so is San Roque Todd it
looks like Malachi's pooping out a rock
tart that's pretty disgusting that could
be the thumbnail Bret Rock dog poops out
baby let's game the system hey you look
pretty oh boy I don't want to be any
part of that thumbnail serious let me
outside right now I'm gonna tweet this
oh yeah no just going here hey brah
eat her up there you go there's our ball
our ego stroked he's hooked on the
necklace run away baby run away trip on
the carpet oh you tell you it down right
now we're just getting our go change
because we're gonna leave right now and
you uh well do when we get home
beautiful I gotta go khaki tako khaki
shoes these are great we're shoeless or
Shoeless Joe Jackson's okay we're gonna
do that right now to the oh
all right here we are out the beach
doing our photo shoot and we are already
dirty with all the girls and they're
pretty you guys are all in their suits
hey I like your I like your outfit they
look very beautiful look at that sunset
speaking
all sweaty just been throwing the kids
around the beach we're getting shot to
meet chucking them up in the air I've
been really working on my kid throwing
muscles today Oh Maria
I am basking in the wind my ears
clapping as they are for green play-doh
I love the outside
oh I'm having such a grand time oh the
knight-errant smells so nice I love it
this time I love it this time to be a
fiver I've been playing that keeps
chatting behind
I think dogs love that I know that some
people say that's bad but your dogs back
there I know my buddy Charles Trippy
doesn't like when they people put dogs
back there but I grew up always having a
dog in the back of my dad's truck my
name's Skeeter our lab led a lap red it
was a girl lab she was are like that was
our family dog growing up till I was
about 12 and red even had puppies a few
times so yeah I had like a couple
experiences of red having puppies and we
had Skeeter Skeeter was like our family
dog it was Casey stock and they would
always jump in the back of that struck
would go hunt and go shoot birds I'd
just be in the back of the truck like
loving it every second I let my own kite
right back there I think he likes to
look at him joy he and he gets out he
gets to see the city he's like always
cooped up in the house whoa nice jump
dude oh you fought over my own car dogs
are dude I don't play with my car
he's on my best party boy Bronks all
you're doing all the time
they were just hugging you see them
throw up that Brent I think they just
hug oh what's going on you got your good
food around here
boy just so glad you came over I didn't
see him feels like forever okay just get
out my face for a second I just want I
get him used to this pose thank you love
you too okay I'll bite you genre Tipton
yeah shove his boss climb on Malachi
he's a big jungle gym
careful don't punch him he might think
you're playing like Bronx's bite your
head off and there they go
lose an appendage our use fighting needs
to be smacked around raise their hand oh
here we go
hey what are you doing will do KC
uploading the video no buying plane
tickets yeah for what Cheerilee to go
back home uncle Casey what you're doing
on there come on whoa
it's a melee in here it's mayhem huh may
have in your house out of control
serious there's a lot of people in here
so we like it we'll have a full house
Casey's making us dinner when you guys
make it make Kaylee's ooh it smells like
asparagus it is a greenish margherita
chicken delicious some avocado over here
that looks fresh and delicious
basil Oh a love little basil who doesn't
I mean seriously
ask yourself that oh snap at Buster's
hat first Nemeth um they all sorry I'm
sorry you're drinking a root beer party
foul
I was throwing the basil you know how I
do with the basil I told you you know
how I do with the basil it always
happens
seriously every time I have some basil
it seriously just like oh what's on see
I can't stop doing it okay me and Casey
got sent to the stores I yeah Val you
decide yeah it was good don't try that
shake it shake it no not a good one yeah
that's really good one there you go
we're getting stuff for dinner oh look
at these vine ripened Tomatoes only it
albertson shayloss we made Oh smooches
salad salad
peaches fuzzy peaches I've noticed my
hands have even started to look thinner
from shayloss I used to have luck I
shall be your hand these tendons do your
Achilles tendons looking away then bro
flip it up man whatever you're doing
keep it up baikin man I'm a
now I love it it's like my medicine if I
can't bike I can't call my bike ride I
went 16 miles today I can't go my bike
ride again PS today had to hurry because
I'm meeting with tweak Footwear and we
finalized the last shoe design are going
to be sweet I'm really excited about
them actually I think the shoe isn't
look really cool so I don't know when I
can show you guys what they're gonna
look like they're gonna probably be
ready for Christmas shaycarl shoes there
should be a dark one and a light one
anyways I'll show you guys when I can't
decide about it okay we're here buying
crap oh look
smell these imagine what this smells
like right now smell organic sunny worms
what did I smell like what do all
natural yogurt pretzels smell like smell
all-natural peanut butter cups smell you
guys Oh peanut butter cups what else
what else looks good none of this looks
good fancy dried apricots smell it you
guys smell snow
mmm banana chips you can imagine what
that would smell ready guys
hey snow is that coming you guys what's
the soy nuts those organic soy nuts Oh
everybody open your nostrils and shove
those babies in there get those nuts in
your mouth
oh so much noise
that was the coolest machine I've ever
seen it was just like peeling off the
road like it was a face mask or
something like a seal it was just like
shaving like a razor blade looks so
smooth that was amazing amazing and on
three its concrete how do you feel
concrete up the road with a big machine
you gotta use a big concrete core well
you know you've been asking for one for
so long I just I figured you've worked
for it really I'm gonna get you a
country pickup good girl
promise promise music every day okay
when you get you a concrete to vomit are
gonna tear up the road that's for you
okay turn that crap off weirdos leave it
in the comments below
are we weirdos what yeah yeah we're not
you're probably the king weirdo I think
all the weirdos have lands I think I'm
did come in second place if there was a
beach of weirdos you'd be the princess
weirdo of all weirdos you'd be the
weirdest weirdo who knows my um believe
that's why you're the king queen we're
doing I'll tell him that's all my world
okay
hey give it to me breasts on camera she
thinks you're a weirdo times 200 boom
Shakalaka
times infinity go watch our videos click
on some stupid stupid stupid looking at
making it rain I won the weigh-in
because I'm committed more than early
water also I rode my bike 17 miles today
I can't eighty pounds
I've got to go to a meeting by
