you've got the moves and the skills
you're on a mission to kill the world
with munch on your pity I'm impression
and Jake
Thank You Shan and Katie this son guard
and princess started maybe tart and rock
started now like I said good morning or
should I say almost afternoon it is
about 10 o'clock here at the Shaytards
residence and today was the first day of
school I am so sorry I did not film
centered on his first day of school he
is the only one that got to go today
because in California you have to have
it tuberculosis test and I forgot that
so person charred didn't have a
perturbative tell me Chris how did not
have a tuberculosis test and so she got
the test yesterday the school starts
today but they can't read the results
until tomorrow from the test and they
won't let them register without having
it so her and Bradley are missing their
first day of school and I feel awful
about it Suntory went to cat
kindergarten here so he had us all ready
anyway so if you went to his first day
of school
hey friends it started how do you fill
your Mickey Oh
Tinkerbell I missed the first school
good one more day to sleep in mom I
don't care she's just like shed she
could sleep forever of course she has
been getting up early anyway glob of
lime just rambling so this morning we
are cleaning the house we're trying to
get it so clean because we've been gone
everything is just a shamble a shamble
if that's worth hey what are you doing
you're a human worth to fight back
Hubert your eyes what you have sugar in
the morning yeah yeah yeah yeah you have
oh we're very don't melt and black
licorice for breakfast this is a
longtime admirer thinks highly of you I
wonder how I can thank my name tinkle
Bell tinkles hey tinkle Bell tinkle Bell
Tinker Bell is your room clean
you have to the girls have such a hard
time in their room but you know so let's
check and see if his room looks clear oh
my goodness
never we won't check and see us and our
rooms clean
I'm sure it's clean hey Bret yeah I'm
gonna put this camera in the microwave
everything you'll do anything to it no
it won't well anything will happen I'm
gonna do it to happiness happen
don't you see from DMX see that was it
simple time-traveling not a big wait a
minute something isn't right here Ali
yeah what why does he say Shaytards on
our video it's a shaker it's right there
does it not see Shaytards oh my god
check the video description yeah it
definitely says it definitely says
Shaytards why why are we here what
happened yeah okay hmm dude I should not
have done that their kids smelled like
dogs
why are you doing yes see just what
happened know what we were just in
Charles Trippy
Oh Charles Charles Trippy Zoe Marley
girlfriend
Yonsei we're going to the wedding you
better say do you know when the wedding
is when's the wedding November 20th you
know what are you gonna wear what do I
you are my new suit I am now I think I
might have lost more weight though you
should rest
Allie would you care if mommy tired wore
a wedding dress with a tiara
like a princess a tiara what did oh this
is for today okay we're going to Costco
see do your hop
staying warm that's hot bro
we're in the freezer huh the freezer of
Costco they're all undock Wow rollin
we're here in the truck just you know
make sure walk you promised you like
your daddy will call your heart's hope
to die stick a needle in your eye are
you trying to steal the grape somebody's
trying to get in a great lawyer
there we go get rocked art show share
what's your baby doing one doing that
one know you're selfish
oh we got one good job what do you think
you're doing a good thing you can climb
out of the back of the truck I guess
there's a lid for the mango all right we
got all our groceries all of our
accoutrement it's time to go home kids
are crawling out of the back of the
truck not even believe I don't put the
comments below
comets whoa can't be more than like
eight and then I'm breathing I can grant
me a thousand bucks for a nice road bike
like this really
maybe 2,000 bucks No
check this out $8,300
8300 shoes truck what did you point out
damn it you know some people are like I
know oh that person puts $60 this man
about stupid Park this one is eleven
thousand two hundred and five I would
like to it'd be so cool to have I'm
gonna be Lance Armstrong let's find me
like a normal bike come here Bryan bread
of life Brett's gonna be exercising oh
the Senate presents which bike should I
get this one looks Leon rugged not 1200
that's for thousands now what's that
like like like three cookies it's great
let's go over here I can show you three
cookie bite my husband paid for for me
who knows what that's from anybody are
you serious that is so unprofessional
I'm not gonna buy a bike from somebody's
wearing socks like that I'm gonna buy
two all right we're at Helen cycle here
in Venice I've bought like 18 bikes from
here ah that's an exaggeration three I'm
buying my first bike ever when I very
first moved here me and Philip DeFranco
about our very first bikes together know
that Phil we bought bikes together here
at Helens cycle it's like such an old
it's like Cheers the tears of bicycle
shops where everybody knows your name my
seat for the first time yeah who do you
guys think spikes better this one which
is really cool this is like the coolest
bike ever or this one or this one which
is also really cool where your dorky bye
guys I think I'm gonna make the
responsible decision even though I don't
want it I still have the mentality that
I did when I was 14 year old in a
rollerblading competition it's not cool
wear a helmet man it's not cool with a
have a helmet but you know what it's not
cool to be paralyzed either so I'm gonna
get it home but I figure I'm writing on
these roads I wrote 24 miles today for
shayloss that's why I'm that's more than
main reasons I'm slimming up is riding
my bike every day I went 24 miles thick
so I figured I'm gonna get a helmet
because this dude here in the bike store
like three people telling stories about
how they'd been hit by cars they're like
yeah I've been hit three times to
Southern ooh that was by like a walk
he's like yeah I've been hit twice like
what
yeah I don't worry so I'm like
should I wear this every day they're
like yeah you should wear it every time
you're right so I'm getting home I guess
it's cool now guys because I'm doing
that so I guess you could start doing it
together
we had to distract him because the girls
and center have made a little office for
themselves you're doing your homework oh
it does a bird - yes that nerd tell us
about your first day in school are you
jealous that you didn't get to go to
school to get over it dude
hello we're talking
well that's very intelligent is that
what you learned
yes well good okay centaur now we're
ready to hear about your first day tell
us about your friends first you had oh
you made two friends good somebody in
your class that you know already right
yeah good that's always a good feeling
specially when your inner you spy me at
my desk is his name Jackson Harris no
too bad Jackson Harris isn't in your
second-grade class you would have been
cool so now you have two friends that
you've made so far that's good yeah you
filled up in this other bar and there he
get to the tippy tippy tippy tippy tippy
top you what see an ice-cream party in a
popcorn or movie party um third party so
what do you lock in the thing too
things your goal now is to fill up the
jar with marbles right yeah and you know
tamale krazy stoopid skate you've never
even tried it tamale have you know I
hopped on my first day of climbing go to
the principal's office
you didn't or you did wait what what I
didn't oh well I have you ever gone to
the principal's office
what would you do if you did freaked out
and I would get in trouble by my parents
hey what would you have to do your to
the principal why do people go to the
principal's office
what's the big deal sometimes again
trouble or sometimes it just might need
something what if they did something
really good they go to the principal
maybe the principal wants to say thank
you
what if you touch it I'm the jerk well
you're not a thank you like you see do
you guys remember when princess chard
was younger and she was giving all these
weird names for a rock tower well baby
TARTA is starting a new it's princess
harder you know it already
now finally oh son heard a few only ugly
what's the baby doing more sitting here
talk and the baby's in the bathroom are
you in the toilet
that means it's time to potty train that
right rock Todd we're gonna potty train
you time to potty Jin Joos mom I don't
want to look at the camera I will not
look at the camera all right all right
so we're headed down to the Santa Monica
Pier right now cuz Casey and Caylee and
their family is having a photo shoot
because Kaylee's gonna start a channel
because she's part of the moms view
which is a hub channel for moms she's a
mom and Kaylie's a mom are you a mom
I'll be the same hello goodbye Sunday
Sunday I meant to say today and sent
hard and it came out Sunday Sun tardes
first day of school first day of second
grade how does a fil bro to be a second
grader do you like being a second grader
is it pretty cold you remember when you
were a first grader all those second
graders would pick on you you'll be like
I can't wait for the day that I'm a
second grader they don't wanna pick on
the first graders hey tell me about your
first day at school they're two friends
over their names oh really oh that's
cool
you sit in the front of the class with
the back of the class you're so if you
have your own desk
explain it to me do you have like a
seating situation like where you sit in
the same place every day yeah you do so
is it a table or a desk also who's your
table partner Jack's
let's that your new friend your table
partner built-in friends systems that
close to the front of the class where
the teacher stands or is it towards the
back because I was always taught that if
you're at the front of the class you'll
more likely do better in class and if
you're at the back of the class because
I'd like to go to the back of the class
and flirt with girls not listen to the
teacher and flick boogers and friends
that's what you did right she spit wads
and sit back there and I can tell that's
what you got voted most likely to
succeed is okay flipper
that's right most likely to grow up and
succeed I'm so proud of my burger
flipping ways so you had a good day then
right you like second grade you played
kickball do we just play to the family
reunion so you already kind of knew how
to play nice dude that's fun and then
what about your teacher do you like your
teacher her name her name's Miss Smith
no do you like her though is she nice
does she attend to your learning and
education do you feel like you're you
feel like you are receiving adequate
knowledge based on the skill sets that
you are given in the first grade
sometimes first day of school
Prince is turned and Braley sir what day
they have TB test teeny test make sure
they don't have the tuberculosis
tuberculosis our daughters don't smoke
and drink come on watch Johnny Tyler
madcap where you going with that shotgun
doc I know used back in town that's
Billy Bob Thornton who knows that movie
like one of the best movies ever I'll
make you famous no it is that I'll be
your huckleberry that's when hubby
the berry anyway it's going to the Santa
Monica Pier Wow oh wait mami tarde had
to guess you know what yeah what Tim
stone tubes down you're right yeah that
is correct indeed for Pottawattamie of
her to cope in fact every time one of
the kids came out you know when they
were born I was like what Johnny dollar
my cat where you going with that shotgun
the doctors and nurses were looking me
like huh then mom there's like it's just
this he does what John its holla where
you go that I'm probably over playing it
now that's how it is in the movie check
it out it's pretty good tombstone and a
local rental facility near you if there
aren't any more that reminds me
joint Netflix under netflix.com slash I
don't have one of those I'm not getting
paid to do it Netflix Kassem G go to
cats and cheese he's my buddy go sign up
netflix.com slash cats and G go sign up
tell my sentry try out there I don't
know goodbye you're welcome casa me jerk
you owe me money now
the speeder bouncing carry me down the
boardwalk clear I know it is this
exciting so many sights and sounds
there's a metal man his face is shiny
peter says a beautiful night to be with
my family on the Santa Monica Pier very
beautiful night oh you sure find us at
the balloons
those are pretty what are you looking at
dude you got a nice little view there
look at his feet that is so gracious
that Freddy rock card like this Beach
it's cool out here huh what a grab at it
ha ha so cute that is pretty dang
gorgeous I love that this is our
backyard don't you love that how can you
beat it it's a pretty cool backyard what
do you want to do I bet you want to go
on some of those rides am i right yeah
am i right am i taking a wild guess
yes
look over there glycerides let you show
us one some rides there's a helicopter
secondly what did you get honey all
right showed up that looks delicious we
are about to eat these gentlemen
apparently here at this restaurant you
have to wear on your chest what you're
about to eat one like Lobster this is
Larry I'm naming mine Larry 14 18 years
Louise Louise Larry we're about to eat
Louise Larry I feel like I can't really
be serious wearing a bib like this I
don't I know I'm wearing to bed but
please take me seriously but I have a
bit and Larry with how do you feel mommy
time I just downloaded the new
flashlight app on the iPhone get out
we're gonna it it works sweet
this is the best this is I just
downloaded this check this out wait wait
they go this way
you ready ah
- that is awesome
one two
see that is we do this is a new blogging
tool this app costs 99 cents that's sacs
adaptable this is a light that I use for
vlogging that's tax-deductible I can
write off this $1 to taxes look how
happy it makes rock stars - it's so
bright card we paid too much for our
application dang it that one tune Jenga
they're like lightsabers we got rock
stars he's trying to figure his out
hello phone is ringing Rock darn I said
quite upset after the phone Ali this is
an end slate we are not doing this more
than once
answer the phone my muscles look really
good good did you see my muscles oh oh
everybody go back go back and look at my
muscles you guys should screencap that I
likes handsome speaking of handsome I'm
weighing in check it out
rock guard get over here okay we're done
bye
