we're going hey hey nobody here bro okay
dudes you have a great day today okay I
love you so little much oh you look so
summery dude we excited that it's nice
outside now yeah yeah the sun is shining
there's no more snow we're doing good
today we got a busy day your guys ready
come join us on our busy day
first I'm gonna go take you to the
babysitter cuz I'm gonna film the moms
view don't take me to the babysitter
first yes but mummy where is father
mummy cut to me 30,000 feet in the air
checking out the San Francisco skyline
look at those gorgeous bridges look at
the clouds the reflection on the water
you guys heard in yesterday's endslate I
flew to San Francisco the Bay Area to
hang out with none other than Tim
Ferriss podcast extraordinaire New York
Times bestselling author and also I won
solitaire well dang it I was second
place but you always got to look for an
opportunity to advertise your brand
right you fill me fill me who can beat
that score huh get on the Delta flight
653 solitaire who can beat me I
challenge you all right ribbons and
things you know we don't need that I
told Brock what's your favorite color
pick out a favorite color of ribbon cuz
we're gonna do a fun activity tomorrow
you guys have smudge he's on your face
hold on goodness your mother would be so
disappointed in you clean yourself up
love this card okay I like it that'll be
perfect for our project okay go put it
in the stroller I see it you're such a
big boy pushing your own stroller
oh he's gonna Wow
okay wait we had a change in color plans
so much color you want now
the bright orange no we're not gonna get
that one house okay we have to put that
one back okay then I don't want to get
this one mommy Billy do you put it away
I'll put it over there ah okay dudes you
have a great day today okay I love you
so much Oh radio to sleep epic fails all
over the place we're going to film a
special video for my channel and then
we're going to go to Tatiana's birthday
party yeah yeah gonna be like this in a
box
yes you love me yeah he goes oh yeah you
mom I love you too thanks for saying you
love me mom's need that right let's not
nope okay okay
cutting okay no more violence okay we
roll in there's Tim Ferriss right there
yes women podcast Mike uh my vlog camera
we've if you listen to the podcast
Tim committed to doing a 30 day daily
vlog you guys have to check out but uh
yeah we've been on the mic or my fluffer
things coming off fluffer we don't have
any flippers here anyway so this is it
we're recording the podcast it'll be up
in a couple weeks and I'm gonna tell you
guys something I talk about some stuff
in this podcast that I've never talked
about before so be sure to check it out
the Tim Ferriss podcast go to your
podcast app and download the Tim Ferriss
podcast I'm going to be on it in a few
weeks
but I'm trying to talk him into getting
some more YouTube videos up you gonna do
it he's gonna do it hey guys so we're
filming the mom's field and I'm excited
instead of an episode today we're going
to do a live Facebook thing which this
will already have happened when this
happens but stay tuned and watch the
attention to like the moms ooh Twitter
and Facebook because we will do that at
periodically we'll just go live on
Facebook and it will be fun hi guys
excited I'm excited I'm excited dr.
pepper and that's okay I'll probably
have one later too so I could have
energy it is my fault it is my fault
because I kind of know like a part of me
knows that you're trying not to drink it
but then another part of me is like well
if we're at the mom see you and like you
need to pick me out that's like your
favorite pick me up so I want to make it
stuff that makes you happy but at the
same time I do want to help to play me
home happy and to be honest I'm not
trying that hard okay but I'm going to
probably next week
mmm on next week on wedding day that's
the struggle between like do I be a good
friend by not getting it or big do I be
a good friend by getting it you're
always a good friend I will my job okay
guys we just finished the monster all
that pictures I look like I have no
shirt all right we just finished filming
and we didn't really film anything today
we did a challenge I'm not gonna tell
you what it is you're just have to wait
and see it was really fun oh yes how is
this square left oh it's really not mad
it was fun holdup wordiness powers
afraid to give you an opportunity for
the future any I like your hashtag Kiwis
hashtag I need an energy
oh no it's not for you oh I'm on and
they come from anyways yeah we're
getting ready to film a another video
from my channel ok so Tim and I recorded
the podcast and then he asked me to come
and try some of this AcroYoga which my
buddies Jesse and Jeana we're doing a
lot down at the Santa Monica Pier that
little grass spot down by my rings you
guys know that I love so I'm going to
learn some acro yoga moves here that I
can take back home and show to Colette
and the kids
so check out Tim's routine he's working
on this routine he doesn't have a quite
down yet but uh this is hard it's way
harder than it looks but it's really fun
and great for your body strong
strengthen it look there's Tim Ferriss
and these are AFTRA Yoga experts and I
just PT eyes they're going to show us a
routine here that's pretty amazing
hey guys so we're getting ready to do a
quick video on my channel you're gonna
have to wait until it comes out to see
what we're doing but we definitely have
picnic items sand ok that is awesome kay
Brock can I ask you to do one thing do
you think you can listen into one thing
a try-hard what I really hurt do that do
you think you can do that Emmy I love
your hair that is the cutest bone my so
fancy
your hair is so cute for buck are we
having sibling rivalry right now but our
hair oh my goodness
wait baby I think Blake money you might
argue with y'all no all right okay you
guys you're gonna have to wait
my channel will tell you when it comes
out okay we're just going to show you a
little bit of what happened during our
project do you have an extra eye huh is
that glue it on your finger
dachshund so cute to watch with paint oh
my gosh he's so cute he's messy but
that's sort of the beauty of it okay
rolling in action here we go
Colet we're gonna do this Wow
cool
well
dude that's sweet why does it remind me
of origami like you're folding paper but
it's a girl instead oh look you made a
butterfly pretty that's awesome
okay girlfriend you did so good I'm so
proud of you because she's like look at
her out here right now so sassy
she just hit a dance performance we
weren't allowed to film it but
and I don't know I don't know if you've
ever been to a door but you did awesome
I'm so proud so you couldn't
not embarrassing at all all right we're
getting stuff for a bridal shower
tomorrow just just getting married guys
and it's time to have a bridal shower
yeah it's actually canvas she's getting
married so we're having a little
get-together thing and I don't let's be
honest this is like the first time I
planned a bridal shower have I really
never planned a bridal shower before and
I think I'd hoped but this is the first
time that like me and my sister we were
soul planners of this it'll probably
suck but I'm okay with that
uh-huh stop making fun of me no you
making faces in the background right
photobombing like I know you're seeing
my face I love you guys you know you're
weirdos
oh and there's so much like stabilizing
muscles being engaged to try to balance
yourself like I was just holding him up
on my legs whoa that's crazy it takes a
lot of strength to do that control
balance technique oh that's cool
that's my thumbnail right there that's
sweet you're like a pretzel I know I
wanna see Tim fly
whoa you got to really trust somebody
don't fall on your head okay I better
take notes yeah
oh that's sweet move wow that's cool
you're gymnasts Tim
that'll stretch your back out right
there just pop them it's like from
Mortal Kombat when they're like furnish
and he lands on the spikes
tada nailed it we're going hey hey
nobody here if I broke it yeah now moves
keep holding this and then she really
skipper straighten your legs
but holder a post only yes from right
front
yes with the stray sheep and hands
justkeep astronomers
whoa
I thought I was falling that you had me
on tell me
I thought they are pushing your arms
that's nice hey guys over here at the
house and actually got out and he's
going to Brandon gauges and wow that's
sunset well anyways we're watching TV
and I come out here and look mercy hate
accent come inside well just before you
I was telling him to come inside and he
got mad I mean you start stomping his
foot and now we're sitting on the ground
dad said come inside so cute oh my gosh
I'm gonna have to go get him seek stop
dad Stan come here why sorry
okay I'm have to come get you then love
you she's such a bud oh my gosh well
that's what we're doing here at the
butler house hanging out Oh
see you later boom Saturday video boom
love the new endslate boom love blue
boom love hot chicks and hats boom why
do I keep saying boom thanks for
watching today's Shaytards vlog if this
is your very first
Shaytards vlog well then just let me say
where have you been
sucka because we've been here for eight
years that's what those boxes are right
there if you're looking at the screen
you can count them one two three four
five six seven eight those are the last
those are videos actually
one of those boxes represents a video
for instance the five you can go back
and see what the Shaytards were doing
exactly on this day five years ago
mystery want to click on that mystery
you never know what that one's gonna be
cuz you know that's why they call it a
mystery anyways I hope you guys have a
great weekend thanks for watching and
we're working on getting a Shaytards
song Saturday up but um colette is at
her shower the thing she was just
talking about she's at Sadie's house and
there are all the ladies all the girls
are having a bridal shower for Candice
because her weddings coming up um so
we'll be in Vegas soon if any of you
guys are in Vegas
um so I'm trying to get the Shaytards
song Saturday stay tuned I hope we don't
miss it today okay love you guys thanks
for watching thumbs up we'll see you
tomorrow maybe yep yep yep Shaytards
rewind is gonna be tomorrow so check
that out
those are good I love them thank you for
all of those people who watch the shade
hard rewinds and don't say oh I hate
hard where you are I appreciate you okay
bye
