we've got the moves and the skills
you're on a mission to kill the world
with lunch on your pity I'm impression
here
I just wanna say
Thank You Shan and Katie this SunGard
and princess start and maybe target rock
started now like I said hey everybody
how's it going welcome to a new shade
hearts video hey Brad I'm stoked these
we work in Halley house the calendar gun
it's a little better than your Bologna
sorry alright so I'm going to work right
now so I'm going upstairs right now to
go to work we are filming a little bit
for this we tell them the name of it
should we tell them the name of it so we
officially got the name here let's see
the set here okay okay here we are know
the feeling of the night so the next
video that you said super right it's
gonna be epic superhero kiss and I'm
super you're not there's a love you
doing boompole centaur
do I do boom Pole what's that you're
gonna be going to audio on this one Oh
so just princess our baby tard come on
you're wanted on set time to shoot dude
don't look cute get in there look cute
yeah
go look cute right now I'm gonna whoop
your butt
get in here be an actress you little
cutie patootie burger and print all
right that was great Mumford toast
alright we're gonna shoot this it's
called the city because when Sunday
coming up Sunday what's the date on that
Sunday the bread bread could you do it I
can things you're at the meditating
College Sunday at 4:00 and blah blah
it's called epic superhero kisses okay
okay let's boo-boo all right Raley's
gonna do some camerawork thank you Hey
Baby Talk you everytime I get some
visual reaction
Oh Kenny let's go come on baby Taiwanese
over bottle beer there's a beautiful
woman at here it hit the target that you
didn't have to Cobra fear on this she
like pretty shit you better make sure
she looks pretty fire let me see the
photo shit Lisa eyes skin rash I hate it
when that happens
I got one of those ones oh I just said
something about our girls what you know
the classic yelling at me lion and I was
great yeah that's what we need to get
that shot that's the face I see most -
show courage from here is she your
waitress hey you want to throw a double
cheeseburger for me baby tard and I want
listen I want to double coke with
vanilla cheeseburger wings please extra
ranch
I want like three ramekins of ranch okay
okay thank you so much and make the make
the burger medium and then we're gonna
get the zucchini dip for appetizer
please okay thanks she's gonna get 20%
gratuity
good job baby target oh oh taste is good
and not take life you have the wheelies
on let's see it Osito let's see you
Willy
hello Annie and baby card are having a
fun day today so Rock chart and center I
sent her what are you doing
bill selling know what Bailey turns are
usually very big day but okay I like
that
let's see Bradley time you're watching
the video you just made a very good day
yesterday was I think no it's Joey's my
name well I work you work go to work it
out look it even Malachi's getting a
workout he thinks his hips are too big
go you going to watch out there gonna be
like a thunder coming down okay you're
up there too good job okay watch out oh
crap oh crap this is the shape loss
workout okay baby
good job you're looking thinner already
great work have you been County I can
get more than three legged descriptions
you bet you've hit 40 guys you're
working hard but what how come you're
not running the stairs she's the sweat
Hey you're not utilizing your sweat
Browns ever yes thank you oh that's a
nice job oh my goodness gracious that is
separately this is a family event
good job guys forty times that's pretty
good you look like you've been working
out a little you have I been working out
is he was what sweating like your father
look how much I'm sweating we have been
running up and down these stairs had all
my dogs
what are you doing good hey I've been
laying here I just had a delicious
dinner and I expect to be able to go
sleep and you guys oh you know what it's
like no I'm shut up I'm I'm just gonna
lay here I don't even care yours are
stupid I'm even looking at you I'm a big
dog I can do whatever I want
well like I love you he's our firstborn
I thought I feel love for him so I feel
like we're gonna lose him soon
that's gonna be he's already he's
already old for his breed and age he's
our first baby you guys you know that we
had Malachi before we had any of you
guys you guys know that you guys are we
have four kids he's number five that's
what we should say we have five kids
he's the first kid we ever had me and
mommy charge this is our first
commitment other than our love in our
relationship this is the first thing the
whole of you brother I love your brother
it was that Macho Man Randy Savage I
love you brother
are you alright let's go go come on I'm
following you dude okay so yeah we're
going to work out once in her time
follow me okay seriously
so chart is impressive it's a little
machine we're doing start training here
we go nice guns Jeff which ones are the
ones that are oh you guys now is just
bragging
yeah all the way up you're doing just
fine it touch the door girls versus boys
I'm on Team al guy
Oh 1 step 2 step 3 step 4 step now drew
while carrying a bike
that's all I got just one looks pretty
good I think I did like 12 I was really
counting but I'll edit it so I do a
whole bunch anywhere from 1400 to 1800
mouth it looks like it's about the poop
of this run here rest of my quads glutes
have been really swirling I don't know
why it's not more potassium than like my
daughter anyways it's my you know was
that you doing the voice no get out of
the closet change is always vishay okay
and the video do you look ready
yes you look very pretty did you get
that for your birthday gram Itard oh how
nice of her you know
oh I think those are your daddy's charts
anyways what's that okay so we recently
filmed a youtube video with Richard
Brian Walker interactive video if you
thought you these are if you guys don't
know okay Richard Ryan is a good friend
of ours
check these out we put a link down below
you hate these survival bracelets this
is 14 feet of survival rope and plus
yeah this is like a survivalist and plus
it's a 3d out bro that might be too
skinny
all sigh that's my best best one if
you're my my mama car's gonna love that
whistle only in emergencies okay so
there we go so you could take apart and
they all rope yeah it's 14 foot of
survival rope you literally hang on it
it's like a cool bracelet and then it's
like you pop that off you can unravel it
it's survival and
this is for Casey in that Center that's
the coolest merch ever it's not just
like everybody know stupid jerk I think
the kids are gonna win this year in the
end electron in their annoying thumbs
you like it
where's my brother's life all of a
sudden rock garden do you know what it
means to explode rate something I don't
know a Shea what does explode rate yeah
watermelon is not living any longer
it was delicious he went through my
small intestine as I pulled went through
here speaking of small intestine colonic
it's scheduled oh you're looking smaller
oh I'm terrified please help me
