you've got the moves and the skills
you're on a mission to kill the world
with munch on your pity I'm impression
and Jake
Thank You Shan and Katie this SunGard
and princess Carter may be tardy
rock-hard and now like would you look at
that see there's no debit card reader on
here this is like the old days you fill
up your gas and then you go in and pay
where have you ever seen that that still
happens and then we're growing up as a
kid getting gas like you know is you
fill up gas and you'd go in there's some
kids in my high school they would like
get gas and run of course that's why
they went to the prepay system but we
are now filling up at a KOAT we're uh
emptying out this trailer there's my dad
right there hey Dad he's driving a
rental van it's cool though to see that
there's still a place that lets you get
gas first and then pay for it after
trust hey gonna steal it no they still
have where you can pay for you can just
get your gas than pay for it after think
about that where do you know of that you
can get your gas first and pay after
like hardly anywhere these days right
all Tennessee onion villainess I love
that place rocked our - baby tard he's
I'm fun Dumbo don't bounce him too hard
let him bounce for a sec let's see what
he does maybe we'll do a trick for us I
think he likes it
don't smack him jeepers jinx princess
stars
he's about some hazy bouncing
steamroller them steamroller I did yes
that's was you guys ever play
steamroller as a kid where you roll over
each other your precious little pumpkin
here a precious little bump do Toby oh
yeah oh I you jump in getting the kick
out of this holes down I can't stop
filming it's so Kiev Rock darn
there's too much rock guard but edge we
have too much rock guard footage already
so precious what I'm gonna make a fire
grandpa's grilling up some steaks on
steak yeah a delicious rib eye for the
baby card
have you been cross-dressing my son
again ar-15 coal yes rush you take this
it's not empty it's not no no jammed the
rifleman all the time it's like my
favorite show
pull it yeah pull it tight into your
shoulder mom tight into your shoulder
just breathe slowly breathe there's no
grandma dart out there's using the
chickens by the coop mommy tired come
grab that 3030 just pull it in tight
pull in tight you have it on backward I
had it right here look look through that
little hole and put that little ball
right on the target did I get it
pull that bolt up and pull it back
that-a-girl
you're shooting it she's shooting a 22
it's kind of short it's I think it's too
small for you actually
okay listen it's on safety right now
okay see this is safety so the trigger
that's awesome now it's on safety always
keep the barrel pointed downrange okay
okay so now you gotta put a bullet in
there's 22 you always put the pointy end
in first make sure the line is up here
I think it's loaded dude I put one in
there can only hold one side it's the
same size you think okay let's find that
bolt up just slide that up down push up
hard up hard and down gotta shove it
you got a pun yelling yes
up and down sleek that butter in there
okay down caps on right get this out
here don't poach her yet
slowly you wanna stay out on the stock
and slowly squeeze the trigger
Hey look get it up here yeah look right
through here and then line up that
little thing hold it against your
shoulder though guess your shoulder and
look down there
put your head can you see that hole here
let me see yeah just hold it and
practice see ya
right down there you have to see this
dot nice good shot good start you might
try it it's really a small one promise
oh you don't have you can wear these
ones here thanks is dad going to shoot
tank so aim look down they're lining up
at the thing a Mariah that see that
circle out there is that we're in circle
try to put it right on there then pull
nice good job like that one do it again
yes it's fun huh write down the skull a
shot dude job alright so the reason
we're out here shooting guns is because
my brother Casey all right let's see you
shoot I'm tired to love him this get
down on there yeah get some balance nice
shootin Tex so my brother Casey put me
in for a elk hunt set is October 1st and
I look back and this is the gun I'm
gonna shoot yeah you're coming you want
to go okay you want to co kill an elk
you got to eat it too though we don't
waste any of them meat yeah we're gonna
cook it and then we're gonna kill it
then cook it what are you gonna do with
that you need a gun like this it's the
30.6 so we're citing this in making sure
that it's accurate
we got targets down there at a hundred
yards we're just making sure that it's
accurate so that when we go hunt and we
can shoot an animal and eat it and have
delicious food and while we're out here
and just for the fun of it I brought one
of my favorite foods in the world the
delicious nutritious watery should great
watermelon we're gonna take a 30-30 to
this
maybe see what happens and you guys are
gonna get a front row seat so I'm gonna
set this camera right down right next to
it guys ready for this
there we go okay there we go I'm sorry I
don't mean anything by it I love you I
love your brothers and sisters oh you're
such a good building I'm gonna blow him
up you got watermelon juice on your
faces the remnants I want to eat some of
it but I can't find any clean stuff here
we go that's your rule you shoot
something you got to eat it down you're
doing it taught me that no waste if you
kill something you got to eat it
I love Hutton Society involved are you
very uptight I didn't this Barry who
started growling are you a bear like
your daddy there you go
Hey
growl hey guys a smile
ya hear freedom where's your shoes bro I
don't any shoes can't go through the
airport got his shoes on don't be
ridiculous
alright so we're headed back to LA we
are about to get on our flight we're
checking in our baggage right now we're
gonna go to the airport we're at the
airport now airplane yeah it's the
vanilla wafer mommy
you wanna taste it you doing some dental
work and this can grow up be a dentist
or a mama bird or are you the mama bird
did you just vomit up old worms and he
ate them yes that's fast
hey stop okay new gear
give her a good movie like the real
stuff that sucking your thumb
hey baby turn why is your hair so greasy
and wet looking let's ask her why what
did you do what did you put on your face
chapstick chapstick
let's dip flick step okay how many
flights have our kids been on well we
are trying to calculate that and we
figured at least how many planes yeah
one of you go back and count all the
plants my kids have ever been on I give
that to you as a child
don't do that's waste the time you can
spray girls I'm reading a book you're
exercising breathing fresh air watch my
bed all right this is your 112 flight
you guys ready you know it's honey is
that is that robbed tarts been on more
flights and all of those Sherlock card
isn't the most
out of all the children isn't that crazy
funny first I got 40,000 baby
what a journey we made it says her
sitting on his suitcase I wasn't on the
guards asleep Oh wake up wake up what a
trip I was a fun trip to Idaho now Kate
she's coming to get us
I think he's coming either the tundra or
the fan I hope he comes in the tundra
it's my baby I just won right as I miss
them nobody gets them on its tires admit
this big buck tires too long my truck
I've missed his tires oh dang it he
brought the wussy car hi guys sorry I
thought you didn't you're hurt you're
hurt
Chingy what did you say I don't I'm
gonna get it what you're saying ching-he
look at rocked are his head weighs 40
pounds and it's always in the dirt go
watch yesterday's vlog shayloss I'm
really doing it you guys I'm committed
this time I am winning the battle
against myself I'm in charge yes I say
what goes my body won't control me any
longer
no you won't body guys I gotta go punch
my body see ya
