you've got the moves and the skills
you're on a mission to kill the world
with munch on your pity I'm impression
and Jake
Thank You Shane and Katie this SunGard
and princess Carter may be tardy
rock-hard and now like I said up to open
wide
oh they get in trouble are you doing you
watch a TV you need your teeth cleaned
alright we got three kids at once this
is nice this is convenient it's like a
three three-bay garage these trees on
the wall the doctor will be in to see
you in a minute stop sucking your thumb
he's gonna tell you you're messing up
your teeth Peters way I'm gonna ask him
I'm gonna make you feel guilty for
something oh yeah do you talk about
efficiency let's get three kids done at
once that's what I like ah he's your
tooth falling out is your firetruck
tooth what is that it's just limestone
working room I don't think you're
playing with that thing right good job
got your heads unstuck my giant head
ears get stuck in small places I know
what the Genesis what do you say no you
haven't that's right you've never had a
cavity
yeah thanks it's hard life you have a
cavity where are you going where is she
going
hold on hold on you can't get in there
silly pick another tree a toy it's not a
treat because that would be
counterproductive all right princess
hard did you have any yes yes oh you
have a toy did you have any cavities you
did you know where they are they're in
between your teeth which means we need
to floss okay how many tags for
hey guys what's up okay so we're up here
camping the sun's about to go down I'm
getting really nervous because once the
Sun Goes Down here about the next you
know hour if the temperatures gonna drop
probably 20 to 40 degrees and we're
talking hypothermia stuff here so I got
to hurry and build a shelter out of like
these twigs I'm gonna try to make a
lean-to have a some rope and a tarp I'm
gonna try to like make something for my
family out of all this stuff so that we
can sleep in tonight and we don't suffer
from hypothermia or any you know we
don't want to lose any fingers or toes
all right so my hurry and build this you
know lean-to this shelter for us and
then we'll have a place to stay tonight
okay you guys want to help me okay grab
a stick let's go roughing it rose we are
roughly look I already have my base camp
set up I got my files sending them to
Brett right now in the drop box it is a
snow process with the mr. aircard I
don't have any wireless other than this
baby so everybody cross your fingers at
Verizon comes through these next couple
days cuz we're counting on it to get the
files to Brett otherwise won't video
anyways like my lean-to pretty sweet
right it's actually Casey's he hunts and
fishes and camps a lot so he has this
trailer he usually goes up but while he
elk hunts and he parks this for two
weeks and this is like where he stays
well he goes and hikes up with elk hunts
he's letting us borrow it doesn't really
have a choice either cuz he's in
California right now
don't put your head is made with gas as
this melt if there won't be any it's
don't lie to him it's man of Santa
Clauses beard that's why it's so cold
you have to hold with the glove because
you actually burn yourself I had to get
warts burned off with that I use that
wart on my knees get your finger on this
you will freeze your skin right here
let's see that rose that's a scarf
anybody would work I used to have one
right here
they used a dried mine off right there
on my knee and it hurt like a chi double
hockey sticks
I'm getting oxygen high corn one felts
this is definitely not Los Angeles
anymore pickles mustard one kernel not
even here just one like as big as kind
of like a medium-sized now
the rest of the day
give me a little bike ride kind of
burden that last boot off the tablets
going you know kind of burn everything
off
yeah kind of pretty nobody's on so my
bike great yours this satellite for my
my cycle I was riding along when I saw
this I thought better stop
we always flies
got you there ton a trout in this year
earlier little river so pretty you know
what I'm really excited for tomorrow
morning come out here
think about the briskness how good it's
gonna smell tomorrow morning I can't
wait I'm like decided to wake up
tomorrow morning to go on a bike ride
pumped it's okay a little bit of
look thermistor we're really roughing it
our way
we suck it guilty every time we said we
go camping we either stay at a cabin or
a trailer this is probably the most
rough day in a while we've slept in a
ton twice it's kind of hot in here let's
turn the AC on shush I am flocking hair
you guys better not roll off that bunk
and fall on us my pants had a trailer
like this and I fell off the bunk once I
landed on the floor and woke up with a
huge bloody nose yeah and I like cried
for long time and nobody woke up so I
just like shut up and cleaned up and got
my head you know the funny things like I
woke up and I didn't even know that I
fell but I woke up and I realized that I
had fallen and that my nose was bloody I
was like I should be hurt I'm gonna cry
if I started crying and nobody woke up
and I was like yeah I wasn't really hurt
breast trying to cry like get sympathy
and nobody woke up so I was like screw
it I was go back to like cleaned up the
blood off the floor it's like hit me no
somehow I was bleeding I was like 13
it was so fun hey guys brette the intern
here I'm just leave me man slate because
Shay is not picking up his phone not
responding to text so I think he's just
gotten a reception or he may have been
eaten by a bear I hope not but if I
don't receive any files tonight then I
don't know if there'll be a darts
tomorrow I think everything's fine he
just needs to find Internet and some way
to kill a bear I'm not sure anyways make
sure to check out yesterday's video
click to the left mystery video click to
the right you know how it's done and
that's it this is weird without Shay
doesn't feel right
