pretty darn purchase what it is
Katie letting shaycarl got the cutest
kids and maybe up on YouTube making all
events and if you don't know I'm gonna
tell you like this like this like son's
heart got all the girls on them got I'm
wondering how'd he get so handsome okay
and baby's hard she got that baby girl
swag she can get a little crazy just
like her dad what a rock card I see you
starting the wot hit that stinky leg
then he hit the driver prison start
where you wag girlfriend back handspring
it's a perfect 10 huh yeah you know they
PDF 52 years done and he's on two three
we're ready for a video so let it be
clear
Oh my glasses
Romina decided we're in our dodge rental
van here we are back in sunny Idaho
these mountains we're in auto again -
actually hotter here right now than
where we are in California yeah that's
way under it's like 20 degrees hotter
it's like Valley that's animals 440
degrees hotter here yesterday was 100
degrees hotter here more rock dark
wondering what's going on monitor yeah
get up get over there creep got a high
everywhere
is he super psyched on speed-trap you
guys mommy's got to get a speeding
ticket yay nervous go right yeah you
have to evade him still behind us always
know why anymore
oh you lucked out you lucked out on the
tire it's race singing I wanted him to
pull you over I gotta be good footed
yeah because I'm in the passenger seat
so I would fail I would like hold it
down here like all secret oh yeah mama
Carter's going 70 I saw 75 like 70 70
almost 80
it's like 65 zone I think I really am
kind of disappointed look this is gonna
be awesome we're gonna pull over a
little filament honey that pulls do
something crazy
oh I think we should flip around
actually get it go that way
we're evading the officers but now well
that could have been you mommy tired
that could have been you this afternoon
alright let's see it
you got the trampoline three nice job
what can you do baby tard you just
pounded your face on some man all right
over back home we're finally at our
house isn't it great to be back back in
our backyard so nice my parents you
don't know I've been living here my
parents and Logan live here now let's
see your back flip they're excited to be
home
hey rocked our do you like our house you
remember this place Vicky remembers it
how long's it been June July August
three months I haven't been back here in
three months hi Colby oh cool would you
do with that
don't be scared dude you can do it on
the side of the pool it's way easier on
the trampoline let's see dude come on
count the three and go for it here we go
on my count you off ready come on you
can do it ready on the count of three
what do you have to do to get ready you
gotta like get your knees loosened up or
something you gotta get your Achilles
stretched out you think you're gonna be
ready in the next twenty to thirty
minutes just do it dude you got to be
tough you got to toughen up and do it
just pretend like you're on the side of
a pool just stand there you don't even
have to jump trust me just jump hard
standing there and you'll bounce enough
to you'll be able to do a flip try it
you just got to commit to it it's all
about committing just go flip and look
back your body will follow where your
head goes so make sure you look back
just like you do on the side of the pool
dude it's what trust me it's way harder
on the side of a pool and it is on
trampoline no see that's why I'm older
and wiser than you ready 1 2 3
you gotta bounce the table up there's
really like a rock dirt bounces on a
trampoline go bouncing to hide to harden
hide hard high same thing
watch print the Start Center nice one
try it again dude go again here hand
them to me 1 2 3 here it is 1 2 3 go
fill in your heart and fill it in your
heart is out you do yours
fill in your heart all right here he
goes he's ready to do it this time we
had a talk here we go ready ready one
two three go go one two three what and
one two three go nice see
all right late birthday present it's a
backflip training kit open it up comes
with DVD instructions and everything and
me yelling at you what is it lots of
pink paper oh good we needed lots of
paper what do you tell your grandma is
this we need another one of these all
our other princess ones are getting
really worn out oh wow that's nice look
at that baby thar go try it on there's a
rope to climb down a tower pretty
excited actually still a little
emotional this is my first like real
office it's been my office that I ever
had peekaboo hey Gus hey guys how you
been boy did you miss me you look sad
here they are just fire I left them it's
not crazy look at you you choose gonna
be happy is that what you're doing I
sure AM J it's pretty hard with all
these people around me all the time
we're always so negative and pessimistic
and always want to get in fights over
stupid things but I'm trying
almost looks like now that I look back
at his smile it's almost like he's like
this is hard to stay happy all these
people are around me that what he looks
like come on bro don't wanna be sad like
me look how cool it is I don't want to
be like me be miserable and think about
all the things I can't do to change my
life because I don't do oh look at me
I'm sad you could be too if you wanted
to do hey who's that is that little
monkey
hey you remember this office bro old
chair my old shredder I haven't read
anything in forever there are some
shredding I climb up on your tower Oh
easy on the paint and dog
let's see your gloves for the month oh
they're so pretty what do you say to
Grandma thank you thanks grandma for the
birthday present you did
what are you doing low gone we're gonna
look for some glasses
mom eat are you should get these dinner
the Holbrook those are cool
I like the pink ones let some sunglasses
to okay you can go do 10 push-ups right
now by you first
sorry dude there's a price everything
for car a hundred you do a hundred I
listen the most I've ever done before
straight with 74 without like getting up
or stopping if you can do 75 pushups
what are you tell me that you can do 85
at one time how many pull-ups can you do
used to could do like one
it's so stupid you want to get these in
the fittest 520 bucks which means ice
these are the real ones miss you Donny
are you excited to see our bedroom yeah
that's pretty mommy thar are all
bedrooms where we sleep that's cool oh
yeah it looks great
do you paint it no Carl did after 16
years that's hilarious it looks good our
furniture house the furniture holding up
pump it up pump it up pump it up rock
I'm about to pump it up Rock clatters
born to do just open it up just you guys
know I had nothing to do with this I
have vetoed this decision ever since
Shay is decided to do it he is changing
his story got a dressing room at Costco
nobody notices yeah 38 you make em look
good babe 42 is for longest time just
guys whatever you don't have a dress
room just make your own that's the moral
of the story make your own dressing room
we just randomly met Colette sister in
Costco welcome dad oh it's a small world
so we're just doing a little bit of
shopping that was hilarious you see that
40 maybe lower on your hip no cuz I'm
gonna get even skinnier so then they
want you to fit me imma be wearing a 36
pretty soon dogs hey you guys check it
out they got it here that oh oh this is
my stuff thanks to you guys vitae Coco
tweeted me and they said that they're
gonna send us some free coconut water
come pump I thought for some reason cuz
I had just heard of this stuff I thought
it was only in California I was like oh
man I'm craving it so we got here it was
like let's go to Costco and see if they
have some so they do so thank you to you
guys for tweeting by de coco and telling
them that I wanted some so now we're
gonna probably work together we're gonna
do like a shayloss thing
that's an exciting so we're getting some
we're stocking up but hey guys doing you
ever hurt back does that hurt
yeah it's hurt bad are you out of breath
yeah dude back pain is probably like the
worst because it's like they kill people
because of their back because it's so
excruciating back pain is pretty if they
hurt rolling what kind of job we gonna
get nothing you can't do nothing to make
money you got to work you got to work to
make money what kind of work can you do
a babysitter like babysitter tar
people that give you money to watch
their babies what if you hate their
babies you just walk out you just leave
them there
all by themselves little babies all by
themselves that's a very responsible
babysitter nice facial expressions i
watching
loud baby tarde what's up watchin KC's
video that's the bathroom out at the
back of their house where Carly would
live go this one's hilarious go watch
this video I think Carly helped my
family
Carly Cooper and we're here in Idaho
