oh say
car
Oh
are you guys happy today why are you
happy because okay we're happy today
because we like our Barbie health in our
bed and we're going to Idaho why are you
happy today because he's having a
brownie because we're gonna burn on me
that is a great reason to be happy well
I'm happy today because today was a
hectic morning I was running around
trying to get baby tired and rock-hard
ready because they had doctors equipment
today and guess what I forgot that's
right I forgot the camera that we got
you got a band-aid and baby's heart was
such a big girl she does not even shed
one tear I don't think you even fry lose
this one when I got shot and she did
this bowl hot one she cried
- well you got you got like three or
four at the same time that were big hey
hey I can cry on the fridge women that
we were analyzing they were so tough
today
robbed her didn't even cry he didn't
even budge the nurse was really good she
did it really quick anyways so rushing
around in to the doctor go to the doctor
get shots spend tons of money it was so
expensive I was like it's expensive to
go to the doctor she tell me papers
we'll just because it has a waterfall to
science it did had a waterfall when you
think five gigantic oil fish and that's
probably what we were paying anymore I'm
just I'm telling you guys it was six
hundred and fifty dollars for two kids
to go and get well-child checkups and
immunizations because we don't have
insurance yet we're working on getting
insurance so that's how much it costs I
was like oh my gosh I've never spent
that much on a wheeeeel child it must be
more in California cuz this is not that
much a night huh Oh anyway so that was
even discounted
a little bit of a discount but oh it was
so Spence I was like I'm gonna die
anyway rush the morning go home and
guess what my sweet I walked in on these
counters were just shiny and that
counters shiny what the dish is done and
the floor is all clean and this tables
shining he loves me and I was so happy
to come home to that and then I felt bad
because I didn't feel any of the
exciting won't give it to the doctor
should we go check on Rock cart he also
got some pink band-aids because they
didn't have any other band so let's go
check on him
and we'll pay hey easy there Toyota
Corolla what's up guys I'm headed to the
office busy day boy oh boy we are
leaving today we're going to Idaho all
the Shaytards were headed back to Idaho
for a family reunion so we have a bunch
of meetings trying to get a bunch of
stuff done and then we fly out tonight
at 6:00 so we're trying to get all this
stuff done I was just cleaning the house
and I was using it as my workout because
I don't get to go on my bike ride today
I was surprised how upset I felt today
I'm like I'm not gonna have time
there's no time today for me to go
unless I have a little time after these
meetings I have to go do right now maker
studios after that I might have a little
time before we get on the flight we'll
just have to see how close we are but I
was just I pretended that cleaning the
house was might work out this mommy turn
had to take the kids to go get
immunizations you didn't film it I just
yelled at her why don't you famish like
I did a vacuum anyway so son tired and
told me I should we should ask him
specifically but he said that neither
baby tard nor rock tart cried at all
when they got their shots when they got
their immunizations it's hard to say
immunization yeah I was really upset
that I didn't get to go on my bike ride
today so I put my iPhone's on and I just
started cleaning the house because I
knew that mom had heard had to get it
clean before we left I was like I'm
gonna clean this house right now cuz I
was watching princess hard while she
took the other kids so I was like
furiously cleaning listening to my music
and pretending those like my work
addleson wipe down the counters and I
even it was filming some of it and then
I got so furious that I knocked the
camera over and there deleted the
freaking video clip so it's not on here
crap today's vlog is all about dude you
should have been there you had to been
there was so cool I don't have any
footage to show you but trust me it was
pretty sweet
so I'm pumped about shayloss I feel
amazing I don't even care about the
number that I weigh anymore on the scale
but I just how disappointed I was today
that I didn't get to go on my bike ride
says
like it feels good to not feel
claustrophobic and any of you out there
who are a little overweight or even
we're a lot overweight know exactly what
I feel what I'm talking about feel
claustrophobic like you can't do
anything like I always hated the fact
that like if I had to get up and run two
miles right now to save my life I
couldn't do it
I literally would probably die after
having run a mile I was so out of shape
even just like playing with my kids like
throwing them up and down and around I'd
be like breathing really hard yesterday
I went on a 21 mile bike ride I was so
proud of that like everybody I saw
yesterday oh yeah my legs just kind of
sorcs it just got back from a 21 mile
bike ride
I went bought this little pedometer
thing I could tie my bike it's pretty
cool it has like a magnet that like
rotates around the wheel and so it like
council revolutions and it knows like
the distance of one turns and then it
can like measure how fast you're going
and how far you travel so I went 21
miles yesterday almost all the way up to
Malibu I went up the PCH the friggin
boardwalk so it's it's awesome I feel
amazing I don't feel claustrophobic
anymore I'm pumped like just do stuff be
able to like get out like running jump
I'm gonna start rock climbing or
skateboarding me and Casey of every
morning when we go on these bike rides
Casey's been coming with me we stopped
at the skate park down there in Venice
and we're like yeah we want to do that
I've got to go there like 6:00 in the
morning because I'm such a rookie and I
know I wouldn't suck at it I wouldn't
want to do it like well there's a lot of
people there because there's like a ton
of tourists that just come and stand
there and watch these kids gasp oh I
want to go there like really early in
the morning just trying to learn to get
a little bit good before and go out
there like during the day cuz I feel
embarrassed cuz I'm not very good plus
now that I'm lighter I can do more stuff
like that more agile okay anyways I'm
just freaking blabbering about a hundred
different things I'm going to my
meetings I'll talk you later bye and
it's 3:15 and the Shaytards have a
flight to catch
we are hustling and bustling and packing
in a racket and stacking and jackin it
oh my goodness I want a Big Mac hey
there's Sun are you ready to go yeah get
your suitcase dude we had me out of here
in 45 minutes you were ready to go man
you win the you win the award all the to
lose loses who's still packing their
stuff
hey it's like girl stuff to me
me facts and I just packed look I just
packed my new my new tank - you want to
see it
here hold that up dude I love my new
tank - I look a fish look I'm a
lifeguard at Venice Beach she imagined
me to ride my bike yeah man I'm like so
tough
don't be fooled I cannot save you some
slo-mo others some slow-mo the beard
flapping in the wind you know look at
all of them yeah I got a Venice Beach
one yeah but that's a tank op shop I
bought it down on Venice Boardwalk
yesterday
do you like it yeah I know that's what I
thought would be mine we can do that
Nick family pictures you get all weird
advantage true for family pictures are
they gods a stupid idea they're dumb did
you get a red collar that's what we
should all wear it all the videos
everyone should have a red car all right
so we're packing our we're not taking
this suitcase our weight this these two
okay and then send her packing head of
the Air Force go down at home for family
reunion last minute right is the video
uploaded listen Irish music and smelling
candles weirdo the video slow is
exporting with 39 minutes minutes yeah
we're gonna have to get this down to a
science once you do one day one day
we'll get it down what are you guys
doing back there do you have your safety
harnesses fastened both of you
yeah are you locked and loaded you
strapped to the trap to the grant braaap
braap what you guys doing
can you yell at him because he doesn't
think his room should be a crazy mom
we're going to the airport's Airport
Casey's taking us to the airport this is
oh what's up bro it's us were flying
home Dino are you excited yeah how long
has it been since we've been up yeah
we came here June well I haven't been
back in Idaho though I was just Salt
Lake since June July August it's only
been like two months I guess
see look longer than that it's only been
two months how come sometimes time is
slow and sometimes it seems so fast I
feel like we've been in LA way longer
than jr. and I feel like we've done so
much stuff the last two months it makes
it feel like six boots
that's insane I know it's like all these
flights different places and different
events and makes it it makes it feel
like it's been way longer so we're about
to get another airplane say bye bye
uncle Casey
that kind of funny that's like we had
Casey and Caylee move out here and now
we're leaving a place like see ya now
we're going back home alright here we go
their suitcases let's go
till they make it through we make it
through right I made it oh yes
we're like backseat VIP use it sorry
sorry go ahead
remember when I told you guys all like
remind me to get the frequent flyer
miles that's flying all the time and I
never always get in the miles accrued
thank you to everybody who ever tweeted
it tell me why did I can expand off it
is hard enough yet for me sure there's a
cookies it's hard
let's see now there one but to start
let's see your car well dude oh yeah
multiple cartwheels and a roundoff in
the airport we're headed to the gate
right now the whole crew will just ask
you if we need a directions step t1b to
Salt Lake City here we go
I have taught them well we are going to
visit the captain of the airplane right
now it's the sauce you guys are awesome
what airline is this Delta the best
airline ever these guys are flying the
airplane can you believe it oh my
goodness gracious
Hey are you sure this is not a paid
sponsorship this is on a Delta flight
you want it you want a fight or a fly an
airplane now I might get out of the way
you guys you're on an airplane no you're
on them this is the airplane that we fly
on every time we go anywhere look at
this you're on the front of the plane
baby tired what do you think about this
this is the controllers this is what
they look at look at all these buttons
don't touch anything
careful we're literally outside the
Delta terminal on an airplane and
centaur is in the pilot's seat you guys
this is awesome you had the pilot's hat
on dude
just to Rusty tires
turn
baby turn
the water
just go
I'm filming
and you could see the white stuff that
it's a clown look at the ocean look it
Trippi
isn't that 24 hours
if we're just on a plane here going tidy
home maybe a week too
for a week
no but it was one day mama turn Tony was
one day it's a week I don't know I think
it is
she's tricked me into this just
kidnapped going for one day turn okay
Las Vegas Nevada
my plant has setting up intercourse for
Salt Lake City our flight time dangers
one hour and 15 minutes right now we're
looking at it on top where I will should
have you had to eat Salt Lake City at
8:46
whether it's very pleasant clear skies
could disability will be laid into the
South temperature is 91 degrees kind of
great stand the flight attendants look
after you the next hour so we hope it
and enjoy your flight with this one
tack that luggage surcharge nice you get
that one nice job son tard all the man
duties of the house you got all of them
like within like 10 seconds seriously
you see that dude you're gonna be like a
valet one day I'm so proud of you nice
all three luggage all right let's go
come on let's go rent a car this way
does this look familiar I did a one-take
Sunday from this exact same bathroom
okay see is that the exact same hotel
room that we got last time
hey everybody does like the hotel room I
know we came here before doing it's like
we could live here there's like a
kitchen mommy and daddy's room little
entryway and then this is the kids room
that your bed son tard you're watching
TV that's your own bed you guys this
bathrooms pretty sweet I love your
bathroom I'll walk it all oh look it's
so moist all right everybody say
goodnight say goodbye tomorrow
Chelsea Lamar or a stay in this hotel
room we made it to Utah
mommy tarts making dinner what about it
this is our hotel this is our hotel
apparently it even has a kitchen table
this is great where we at let's not know
all of them whoever out yeah cuz some
people might call us but this is one of
the best hotels we found in the area cuz
look this is literally like a kitchen
washer and dryer I'm not I mean what is
that dishwasher oven it's a whole
kitchen in a hotel room and we paid 189
so we need it's going to mommy daddy's
room alright it's time to upload the
video can I everybody love you see you
tomorrow hello shaycarl yeah man they
pushed 20 minutes I was just gonna like
it I don't know about favor that's
pretty big commitment I didn't know
there's earthquake in LA and have fun
right
