oh say
car
Oh
is it clean let's go look come on
oh you got a shoe oh good I'm so glad
thanks Lane all right let's go come on
hi I just did and I threw it and you got
fit go get them both on silly or the
least two of the same kind we can't find
the same ones never has this shoe it's
really obnoxious you like that where's
the other shoe oh wow okay I'm coming I
got distracted by rockler choo Fiasco of
2011 there's always a shoe Fiasco when
it comes to rocked art all right I have
given these girls very specific
instructions to clean their room or they
will get the back of my head to their
faces who's ready for the back oh it
looks clean you guys are switching
interesting that one's not scary yeah
bullcrap you're always scared
okay I'm gonna remind you guys that
tonight when I tell you going to bed
you're like come on I'm gonna film it
tonight you guys better not say that
I'll frickin film it I'll put on the
internet for the entire world to see I'd
you like that huh wait I redo that oh
you guys got yours too we had this
yesterday
princess Hardin baby tarts son Tyler has
his his in his room
yes got the nicest room in the house you
know that so you can't then you have to
switch that because now that's baby
turds bed oh you got a slip Jim yeah I
gonna move Justin Bieber now leave the
posters there because I ain't getting up
there and move freaking Rapunzel fellow
what's whatever her name is
hey there's mr. one shoe what's up one
shoe you got it on there you go who's
happy now all right good job guys I'm
very proud of you
keep it clean all right that's a that's
that's the easiest way to do it if you
keep it clean then you don't have to
clean it as much
like clean as you go listen every time
you take off some your clothes you play
with the toy put it in the hamper or put
it in your closet put it in the drawer
hang it up put it into the freaking toy
box put it in the drawer wherever you
put all your stupid junk put it away
don't throw it on the ground and then
when it's time to keep the room clean
it's already clean because you're
keeping it clean as you go
it's a tough life lesson I know trying
to teach it yes I want to show you every
house tomorrow I mean we have seen it
here you go show them take them go
introduce them to your Barbary house put
on yourself and some yourself what it's
provided hours of entertainment and
imagine torrid skills right use your
imagination a lot when you play with
don't put you close to your face okay
speak towards this one usually mind like
we usually have them at Saint that one's
made tritones mind here we got from
shunt Arts Center come here I want to
show you something
take a look yeah is it okay that they
have it no what are you gonna do oh no
what did I do
all right that's the blog yeah maybe
we'll just get you your own channel that
way you have to use my camera anymore
enjoy watching princess her videos huh
oh yeah but waiting this H stands for
mommy card harmony peace and harmony I
know you can see SH it's I always
noticed this blue this is like my
favorite I love this blue it's just a
piece of glass in our house coming down
our stairs all right what are we doing
we're doing work and getting stuff done
boy what are you doing Ali Ali is
helping build Shaytards calendar that
we're gonna have for this next year is
it 2012 oh never mind
cancel the calendar I forgot the world's
ending so won't matter
yeah people are gonna need calendars
never mind guys yeah I mean you're fired
too either I chopped chalkin yeah you
guys will not be excited oh so this what
we should tell him what we're gonna do
for the calendar we've been discussing
this should we tell them this I think we
should tell them this yes okay so for
like the months cuz you know how like
little calendar honey we have no
calendars let's pretend this is a
calendar Oh My heavens to Murgatroid
upstairs yeah they do
let's go look do you have a butterfly
calendar it's lower case upon further
inspection it turns out we do have a
calendar okay show me where you do see
you store it here is that it oh nice oh
sweet okay let's pretend that this is
the Shaytards calendar the front cover
will probably be a picture of our entire
family and as you open up it'll be
January how it's January and here whose
birthday is in January I think it's uh I
don't know might be grandma Hart's
birthday yes it is gravel trucks burly
and it's me and mommy tards anniversary
we were married when are we married
rocked her just off me and mommy tart
were married June 3rd so we'll have some
cool like this like che and mommy Tauber
married June 3rd so we'll have like
little things like that and like my
mom's birthday is
June 4th maybe I'll have grandma tard
birthday so like we'll have a picture
maybe of like I don't know some main
picture here like a really nice high
quality picture and then down here like
we're gonna have like a border probably
and we want to do either thumbnails from
Shaytards idios like going all up the
side down here and then we'll have all
the days in the middle or like old twit
pics you guys's favorite Shaytards
pictures so if you guys want to submit
pictures for the calendar this is
another thing is you guys can edit them
however you want so even if you guys
want to edit a nice picture that's of us
but then you can put like your name in
it or something some sort of style
we'll use that and put it in the
calendar because we want to fill this up
with a ton of images like you know
there's gonna be probably little square
size of images this big down the side
down the bottom and up the side and then
we'll have all the dates in the middle
and just one big picture here so you
guys if you want to edit your own
picture you can put it and we'll just
pick you know there's 12 months by
however many we can fit on that page
that could be a lot of your guys's
pictures somebody do the math anyways
shaycarl calendar Shh arts calendar
that's gonna be cool right I think I'll
be exciting because we don't even have a
counter that's why we're making it
because we don't have any calendars so
we're making our own so we're gonna buy
some other calendars we're gonna use our
Oh are you gonna cry I don't you gonna
cry oh no I have so much pressure never
cry well that was reading the comments a
lot of the comments said you're gonna
cry alright so here's a new video by
Callie more music mommy tarts sister
check this out telling or CD up and eat
her hair is done mom it'll babe on the
drums so if you don't know kelly moore
is mommy okay
no I'll tell later just watching
it's catchy I've heard it three times
now and it's gotten stuck in my head
he's awesome
she called him Malachi the dog part so
that is Kali you guys I told you this a
million times if you're late to the
party that's galleys calamari calamari
her name is calamari Callie more
calamari Callie more now it's mommy
transistor her and her husband Dave live
in Singapore and she's a musician really
talented I love her music go download
her album go watch a new video and just
do stuff check it out it's really good
oh oh go watch that video because they
said if you download the song you can
use the song for free and make your own
videos oh maybe we'll use it for an
intro you guys want do that guys later
bye you like my nails I paint yeah you
painted them you did a good job I think
they're very pretty thank you flaunting
them a different color I don't know
about paint try go with the blue do you
have a blue option for me alright I like
to go for a blue please thank you so
much I'll appreciate that can I borrow
your blue toenail polish I think you're
ready for it now huh ready for a nap
let's do it let's do right now come on
guys cross your fingers that's the best
part of the day when he goes down first
don't don't find it dude it's meant to
be it's meant to be do you know you're
tired there you go you're all packed
that's your suitcase nice
you like that you like it's nice to take
a nap
listen rocked right I'm gonna tell you
right now as a kid you hate naps but
when you grow up you're just gonna wish
with all the might that you had that you
could just lay down for two hours in the
middle of the day and take a nap how
nice would that be huh even though you
hate it you're playing all day but you
need to go to sleep little baby boy
I give them coconut water I think he
likes it that's my do addiction my new
addiction is coconut water it's a good
rock tart it's sweet that's healthy for
you yeah hydrate naturally once more you
had some more you're that kid so I just
put a little bit in his glass because I
don't know if you'd like it but pounded
it dude this is my new I wish I this is
not a sponsorship I would like it to be
what is the name of the company is a
fighter
Coco I never know where this comes from
but they sell it here in LA you probably
don't have it or you're out
I don't know if you do maybe you do tell
me if you do it's this Vita Coco 100%
pure coconut water I hear it says it has
more potassium than two bananas
it's 100% it says never from concentrate
right here so it's 100% coconut water
and I just gave it to this little man
and he loved it let's see if we drink
some more just refill this little it's a
little Scooby Snack here a little
coconut water right there you live next
to the beach you gotta drink the coconut
buddy all right there you go there you
go don't come that yeah won't you just
lay down I should do that
it's a little bit more comfortable try
it out rough do you like it yeah it does
he likes the coconut water you done
she'll save that for later you're gonna
waste it bro all right good night you
want to sleep with some more coconut
water just love a little bit more of
this it's not too shabby
all right bye I love you right at Coco
it's the best drink you can buy go buy
it today
no this is not a sponsor like I said but
I would like to fight a Coco if you're
listening you can send me ten boxes of
these and I will drink them on camera if
you want me to even know I went through
I went for a bike ride this morning I
went 21 miles I came home and I drank
three of these it says it has more
potassium than two bananas don't tell
the monkeys in quotations I love a
company who can put a joke on their box
right there it says on the side don't
tell the monkeys
potassium keeps your body properly
hydrated and prevents cramping this
morning when I got my back my legs I can
just feel they're like jelly I can feel
like they're probably gonna cramp up I
drank three of these and felt better
immediately there are only 60 calories
zero fat it's like 100% natural it's all
it's from a tree anyways yes I want to
talk to you I don't have a little
sit-down talk why do you guys been
pissed off about the vlogs lately you
haven't liked him you said that we have
changed it's now that we have changed we
are definitely a lot busier with
business things you know I'm doing a lot
more stuff and that's the reason we
moved to California let's just sit down
and have a talk you guys what I have a
chat let's sit down in the garden and
have a chat in the garden this is nice
it has a nice little bench maybe for
meditating and just sit here and enjoy
the rest of the art all right so you
guys the reason that we moved down here
to California was because I wanted to
take this to the next level you know you
because of you guys we've got this great
show you know I've been lucky enough to
do a lot of cool projects and I was just
you know everything is based out of LA
it sucks when it's true like all these
projects I'm doing most of them are here
a lot of the meetings that I'm having a
lot of cool exciting things that are
happening I'm getting a shaycarl shoe
the shaycarl shirt is being sold in Hot
Topic now we're coming out with a
calendar like all kinds of stuff that
I'm able to do now cuz I have more time
because I have Brett helping me I
recently hired Ally
she's helping me now I want to keep you
guys happy and I realized that the thing
you guys enjoy most is watching our
family and that's fine like we're still
a family we're still the same Shaytards
I've just been filming more of like
behind the scenes of shooting cool stuff
with Sam macaroni and doing music videos
with Jackson Harris and I know maybe
that's not what you guys want
specifically but there's got to be some
sort of like mix right because I feel
like that's cool stuff I feel like you
guys want to see that but some of you
don't some of you wouldn't rather see
just us the family hanging out that's
cool like I can I can just film
differently you know what I'm saying
I'll film more with the family and I
guess that's the original reason why you
guys came here is it is an interesting
thing that we're just a family that's
growing up together and you're able to
watch us and
see different personalities from the
different kids and to experience our
life you know this is something that we
started to do mainly I'd started doing
this for me I wanted to just do
something epic for the last year of my
20s that's how the Shaytards started is
I was like I'm turning 29 I'm gonna beat
when I'm gonna need 30 next year so this
whole thing started you know and at
first these are getting like 5,000 views
a day or over 5,000 views of video then
they moved up to 20,000 we've got to at
some points where there there are half a
million views of video now they're going
down there like at 250 300 because I
guess you as you guys don't like what
you were doing now or here in LA I don't
know
so listen that's that's part of life
life is about relationships sometimes
your have a relationship with somebody
for a long time sometimes you don't
that's that's okay if you guys came and
you watch the Shaytards and now you
don't want to watch them anymore you
want to move on that's cool we're still
gonna be here and some of us will have a
lot longer relationship than others of
you but that's fine I understand we
almost have a million subscribers on the
Shaytards channel now and the videos are
only getting 300,000 views that means
there's 700,000 people who aren't
watching the videos anymore which is
fine you know cuz new people are gonna
come and we're still gonna be doing
things I just want you guys to be happy
I want to sit down here and talk about
it with you look at Rock Target you have
glass dude where did you find these two
pieces of glass know you made up the
pace look at that
where did that come from goodness
gracious I'm gonna cut yourself boy
anyway it's like we had that talk yes if
you have any questions about anything or
whatever sleep the comments below I read
them yes you'd be surprised how much I
read all of your comments not all of
them because I can't read all of them
but I probably read three-quarters of
them about half to three-quarters of all
the comments on each video hey guys I'm
down here in Venice Beach I'm buying
some shirts some sleeveless tees so then
when I go on my bike ride I can make my
fat white arms a little bit more tan and
I realized that I'm walking down
pink toe pink - I see my toes they're
pretty charged how much 75 across anyway
so I got some shirts for my bike rides
I'm excited I really like them and I'm
just down here I'm in case you want to
come to play some of this paddle ball
it's like tennis but it's on a smaller
court I believe it's called squash maybe
I don't know but it looks fun I want to
play it a snap check it out look who we
parked next to are you guys hanging out
huh
you guys just chillin just tell it old
Tundra stories are you guys oh they're
so cute look at them together
boyfriend and girlfriend I've gotten the
blue one like the gray like the gray
better who does stick out a lot though
it's pretty black tie very good
use your spoon dude try this out fun
evolved from the caveman here grab that
dude it's a tool use it for scooping and
chopping and someone likes their chicken
and rice I think it's the Rookie of the
Year you kill it out in southeastern
Idaho it's rock Jack that an average of
300 IRA this year he's looking at become
he got the Baker that he died there all
right we should call him bruised bruised
face and his face full of black in
yellow black and yellow black and yellow
I was a good one oh the Dark Lord the
synth
yes master the force is strong with this
one young padawan thoughts that on dude
that's so big I wish that's big on me
now - I'm so skinny - check me out the
shirt bro sup bro you look so good is
that the shirt or one of them this is
the shirt that I talked about a couple
weeks ago
Oh Shay you have four children what
don't you get on me anyway our pants I
got this nice shirt like two weeks ago
no you I guess I think it fits me so
well now I just pull a little suckin but
look this like little room I couldn't
even get this buttoned up I literally it
was like I couldn't even I was like when
I tried it on I was like that's weird
like 1/4 inch like sucking in as hard as
I could and like pulling it and I
couldn't even get a buttoned up but now
slip slap snip snap it fastened we're
just fluctuated versus our was that
flatulation we don't do on that one well
right while you're ending this in your
underwear at 12:30 at night will you
listen to see if princess turn farted
let's play it back go ahead Superman
baby finishing this supper alright go
fold the laundry hi guys love you
tonight see you tomorrow Brett why is
Sun tarde beating the crap out that's
right now I told him are you an
instigator no are you a tattletale Brett
you know I used to intern for the Joyce
for your show you trying to start to
fight well I'm gonna fight so go ahead
look I got rocked out in yeah they're
kind of mismatched today's not in your
weight class bulk up are you trying to
lose weight so thank you got bulking up
there's VIN vlogs go check out this
week's shayloss I lost some more weight
how much did I listen twist ending who
it is go check it out
