pretty darn purchase what it is
Katie letting shaycarl got the cutest
kids and maybe up on YouTube making all
events and if you don't know I'm gonna
tell you like this like this like son's
heart got all the girls on them got um
wondering how'd he get so handsome okay
and baby's heart she got that baby girl
swag she can get a little crazy just
like her dad what a rock card I see you
starting the wot hit that stinky leg
then he hit the driver hard when you wag
girlfriend back handspring it's a
perfect 10 huh yeah you know they PDF 52
years done any Zonda 3 we're ready for a
video so let it be clear it's time for
daddy's journey around the house to see
what needs to be clean and I'm in Sun
Todd's room and I have not finished
building his dresser yet look I busted
it I was putting it together this cheap
IKEA for the truth broken crap look he
got this me as an Idaho my brother Logan
bottom ax it's a marshmallow shooter son
tard McGillicuddy get your mo to D
patootie down here you like that yeah
get out here I want your face in your
room attending to it
nice dude that how you get upstairs hey
this room needs to be cleaned up do you
agree to that I don't get it why don't
we finish my dresser because I just
there's like so many other things I'd
rather do I think
then put your dresser together do you
need one you sure look it looks like
that's working for us you don't want a
Tupperware box anymore listen I promise
three to six months and I'll have that
put together okay now I'll get it put
together tonight we just got to build
these drawers
I know do we have what gue glue cool
Colette Butler face what's your name we
don't have anyone we do not have we do
Brett can I borrow your rubber cement
yeah sure yes reverse cement hey sleepy
eyes did he just get up from his nap
you got sleepy eyes what are you doing
you vlogging you vlog in there huh what
you've all getting in a vlog you want to
turn it on
hey watch watch like this turn on okay
there you are there you go oh he's
making movies hey hey guys Rock time
here Oh
rule number one broken it's all right
here
it's just money yeah throw it down yeah
whatever
what are you doing son time for the back
let that alone boy no no fussing that's
your monkey
watch here hold this I'm gonna make him
laugh I'm gonna make this baby laugh
anytime I freaking want to you ready
come on jump can you jump daddy yeah you
already have 18 bruises on your head
what what you're not going down to like
the girlfriend's house or something I am
you're not gonna drive by with the music
blaring you imagine today oh man he's
gonna be coming driving down the street
100 miles an hour get pulled over who's
not gonna be good
no he's not gonna do that because we're
gonna teach him proper driving skills on
Oh what do you need I want to know tell
me the items right now what is it
as a declaration oh the real estate
being just hang skateboards on the wall
now it's going for ride and he's got one
for just art in his room just cuz you
love skating so five minutes remaining
or hang one percent and when you're done
mop with those stairs I want the roof
reshingled you got it and I need those
tires in my truck rotated also hurry up
Cinda Rock tard that's a good one
cinder rocket argh he's mopping the
stairs apparently alright let's go see
how he did what do you guys think I
think it's clean
may I come in
so clean looks pretty clean see straight
shelves and Harry Potter hey dude you
got like a ton of things on your wall
what's this is this what is this your
Jersey is that money this is my old
Jersey - oh this is a skateboard you're
looking for about these stickers on to
look at sun card shelves
he's got them stacked so meticulously
it's football a skateboard nice dude you
got everything put away even down to the
Seychelles by that seashore who doesn't
love at sea shells by the seashore
where'd you get this son tard okay
that's you I forgot we thought playlist
live is live yeah
some girls gave it to us sorry hey
ladies thank you I remember now centered
has hung his in his room along with
every other piece of memorabilia I use
ever received and there's a dire life
death up his picture he's pissed off
yeah are you gonna get in sports down
here in California what's work she gonna
play
go football like to get in there and get
rough-and-tumble don't play basketball
you hated basketball then she'd you have
just reminded me I didn't hate it yes
that is right
but you love gymnastics you want to get
into some gymnastics classes it was he
knows you have a noodles mm-hmm how's
that what's for dinner I think we're
gonna go over to Casey's house and have
shish kabob you guys wanna go hang out
with your cousins those noodles baby
chair just got like a fistful of noodles
dude like you're a magician pulling them
out of a hat like they keep coming out
of nowhere yeah we might have a fire you
want to roast some marshmallows well
that'd be fun let's have a little s'more
attack a little more action I heard on
the phone you told everything I told him
he told me that they're gonna lay their
fire oh um no they just me and mom will
go yeah he's just a hair and I watched
Malachi for us he needs a bath plus his
blood stain go clean his life hey mr.
Schue Meister what are you doing he's
got his shoe cymbals he loves his shoes
Lucas yeah Rufus sure do you like shoes
and your baby yeah I told you we're
gonna gonna go that house just a fish
kebabs say say shish kebabs my mouth
what about shish kebabs
lopevi turns it say shish kebobs
watch.watch rail out watch your mouth
shish kebobs yeah say that say shish say
shish shish kebobs say shish kebobs
well work on it we're gonna go take
these outs and have some black way that
truck that is sweet sweet truck bro go
into Casey's right now but I'm riding my
bike to try to do healthiness
shayloss baby surely loves riding my
bike all my family drives the truck what
do we have here look somewhat shrimp
kabobs where's the shrimp once the
inside oh my goodness gracious we have a
delicious array variety here of peppers
and chicken and beef and oh so delicious
it's fogging up the line
what are you doing case it's working
when you sit your desk I needed I need
an extension cord it's like a new KC lab
here videos going up Hey look who just
made a new dummy the dart at Casey's
house let's see if I can make it Danya
what's that
here we go ready I failed I shot this
one this is Donnie this you got a name
your own i shot from that couch with
this gun all the way through the middle
of this little area sailing over their
heads
kerplunk right there now the rule is you
can't take that off you have to leave it
there
Casey you'll have to do updates can I
get on film though I saw it's the first
shish kebab you've ever had they'd be
turned what do you think about it
I went to school and for lunch oh you
did oh they had him at lunch oh so that
was the day you had to stay home from
school huh cuz he what he's puked four
times that's disgusting we don't talk
about that KC hey what are we eating
what were they called
what alright okay what is this oh it's
beautiful isn't it I'm having shish
kebabs as the Sun sets you know more
lighting out here yeah why it's like
that fire on fire ah I double entendre
that I don't know if that means I just I
said it twice whatever stupid flower
shut up Wow seriously I hate that flower
did the flower every you oh dude he just
has a bad attitude
was just sitting there to talk about did
you see that gun there's like a gun that
just flashed up on what are you talking
about my gun your tickets
oh the gun gun show I know he hammered a
nail in his nose click on one of the
videos northern ooh don't pull out my
mouth show me dead all right don't do
gross
