oh say
car
Oh
doggie cake Jackson Harris brought from
malachite I was named squirrely pass I
just went up in that tree Oh
a squirrel trap what are you gonna do if
you give it what you do it yeah you
should just let it go
this is big-game hunting hit the trap
and then put little crumbs of this pants
right here under it like right put the
trap right there fine where's Roland II
guess that was just so good so we're
going to a wedding and my hair looks
like string cheese in the wind doesn't
it could it be like string cheese and
our lives were like string cheese and
the wins we're going to Joe and Sarah's
wedding and we're all dressed up in our
nicest attire Joe what are you going for
what's your look I'm going simple modern
chic okay Clark look was taking so I
went for the Jewish jeweler yeah right
go see if it's too late to sell our
wedding rings listen I know today is the
day of your nuptials but I just wonder
if I could save you 20% off would you be
interested in one app that you gave two
more percent in the Mormon mama cards
looking hot mama Todd looking three
hairdos and I just picked one well you
got that's that's option C I love option
C it's one of my faves submit ideas for
new hairdos below at a video response
all right so we're headed to the friggin
thing there where they get them married
and they like do it like they live
together live together is what I mean
they're together forever this trap
let's change the subject like this
traffic go no my batteries are low
freaking Frank do you think I'll have
batteries at the charging stations
anyway yeah
the lily pads are looking very beautiful
this time of year what they should have
left the temples inside it's gonna cool
down bro
I guarantee you in 22 minutes it's gonna
be a 7 degrees cooler and that's gonna
make white bring us out we're having
dinner down here they're setting up well
that's the dance floor we're gonna dance
so they're setting up the dinner table
this is the head table where Joe and
Sarah will sit and then we'll all sit
here and eat our what did we get by the
way well I think if I remember right the
beef we gotta be as funny as I wasn't
cuz there was a vegetarian option which
I probably would have got but I wasn't
on shayloss and we were RSVP'd for this
wedding I may have gotten one of each
knowing that we've not if you got both
beef I think you want to beef to your
beef woman how are they gonna know are
they our names in the Pinterest
oh there's the cake does this remind you
of already eight and a half long years
ago
moderator so ours was pretty simple
small-town simple wedding loved it well
you liked it I was there because I was
told to be there at noon plus on her to
make out with you so how's that her
extra incentive how to do it sorry car
how tall are you
look at that negative just that next oh
oh yeah I just tripped over the mug root
beer oh my he is a good three feet
taller than you oh can you pick her up
by her head like Palmer that's Phil
there there's Casey I meet you again
nice shirt honey yeah matches your
glasses alright so we're here getting
ready for another full day of shooting
last time we're out there we're gonna
have been water but it was all hot 100
degrees so I'm getting cooler tonight
looks like today's shoot is brought to
you by Bud Light apparently I guess the
only coolers they have I'm gonna get
three of these and just filling with
water
oh we should get a watermelon to be good
we're outside here outside the mountain
view market liquor and deli we met her
while ago on Venice Beach good to see
you again
and she just won Casey's contest winner
she want to sure and this is her
brother-in-law George the Giant who's
seven foot three and has a website the
website called georgia.com he's about to
do something with a hammer now and I'm
kinda scared
well also don't forget on YouTube it's
Giants live Giants life okay here we go
but how big oh my gosh how big is that
oh okay oh I thought there was blood
there it's not bottom bunk what do you
think about that that's it you wanna do
that next
all right check them out follow my car
oh I'm just gonna go with this 7 3 foot
giant to his car I'll see you never bye
guys we're going to ask all right now I
don't know what we're getting what we're
doing but he might get now mates go see
what's gonna happen - this is my this is
my van that's exact
oh my goodness what is that form to have
chicken sledgehammer do you lay on that
now dude I do not want to lay on that
I'm too fat old skewer mice I have the
world's record for most brick weight
broken on the chest while laying on a
bed nails not this bad
do you have this three inch spacing so
each nail is from here to here
these nails would be missing that's
crazy and I had 1387 oh my gosh guys
okay here he goes
dragging through the dirt in the USA so
what's your name again this is jeremiah
jones jeremiah jones he was in our epic
jedi he was a stunt guy who jumped off
the roof and shot guns at Jonathan Shh
so he's about to be towed there's a
truck there's a rope there's a person
and he has a little board that's about
his only protection what happened your
glove where was your glove he's gonna be
shooting through the stir and I'm gonna
be I'm gonna be pounding him with this I
don't put that in there sweet Alma yeah
this is cool stuff no I won't tell you
guys this we want you we want this to be
a journey you're excited yeah we want
you to begin this with walking yeah okay
we're ready here we go
hi this is black man recording uh
Terrence
that's my wife sir honey you got to burn
that okay I'll buy you another shirt I
promise okay buddy you don't give you a
big action yell to start all right you
guys check out this view
what you guys elevators crabs barbed
wire you know Uncle Vic fix pants yeah
cutting homeboy fix of fans call me this
morning said not to efforts on the road
yeah you believe them cams going down
you can we get our weekend is jus die
when that whole dirt ahead got out at
like 24 hours
it's a holder hey hey neither the last
you guys will remember a good time know
that students are weird
no I'm not kidding you're welcome look
at this this is just a phone he
spray-painted it orange this little
phone was like so we called the vlog
phone and then every time where I was
shooting or we're heading back we tweet
the number and you can call us
hey what's going on it cost a lot of
money to call the United States what
time is it pretty crazy like you're
thousands of miles away but you sound
pretty like pretty good reception what
one o'clock in the afternoon it's 1:30
in the afternoon in Australia probably
tomorrow that's so crazy we're talking
to you guys on the vlog phone this is
cool so just be watching the tweets be
sure you're following me and Sam in
Casey on Twitter will tweet it then you
guys can call the vlog 8:37 check out
this traffic we're driving home at the
end of a long film a day chatting on the
vlog phone see you bye all right it's
sample ran in Slade I painted intense
toenails last night during the VMAs
watch case you get the face again and
again smack him you have to try to find
that video in the interactive it's a new
foot locker video go check it out I
smacked Casey in the face with a dodge
ball
