what are you guys doing here it's so
beautiful right now is this such artists
fault yeah one of the being bumped me
wait it's just all your cleaning it or
your because it would look just like
that except right Oh yours was beautiful
hill you are doing an amazing job okay
Kaley is a professional she knows how to
do now shake you're in training but you
have a lot of work to do we are here
what determines we're watching the I
loved watching the VMAs like when I was
a kid we used to watch the Miss America
pageant we would get all dressed up and
I loved it I loved the excitement would
turn on the TV get the popcorn out when
we watch the pageants as a kid I did you
and I a job so I get bread is getting
his right foot I wouldn't let you do it
that's true there may be a day when some
chard
sometimes you know you have to wait yeah
then I veto that did not guess that
maybe you'll just have to test those
waters okay why else come on over here
Danny who are you gonna hire to do your
nails your fires he's been painting that
one time oh my goodness Danny are you
gonna be able to go up and peppers like
that where's the towel
you're gonna need sex I will not be
rushed because it takes time you're
doing great babe are you where she's
been looking for that file for like ten
minutes now all right you guys one take
Sunday VMAs we're having a great time
yeah who do you want to win there's so
many truck there's somebody he's really
good yeah
I loved watching Justin Bieber and
Selena goes message goes Mets everything
over the gorge Jack he'll be there I
love it Shane look fine to enthralled
all right so you guys smile I love you
