oh say
car
Oh
okay you guys what is going on so here
we are right now what we're doing is
we're about to feed Malachi a delicious
go crazy kick we love all the Shaytards
fans obviously and she mentioned that
mount I had this part where he was gonna
eat it he okay but of course Malachi is
such a diva and said he didn't want to
eat it we stopped turkey in it and then
shade trying to pie the director in the
face of it great idea but so hey before
you guys in the comments been going
crazy like where was the part where
Malachi was supposed to okay I'm sorry
guys I bought this music video would've
been so much better if there was a dog
it he came I literally have to leave
there go back to New York City right now
half an hour I go back to that crazy
hurricane but I thought you know what I
need to do before I go I need to go to
Shea's house to feed his dog cake you
need to feed melih Texas I mean that's
what they want all right Malik Knight
come here let's see this is from a dog
bakery go for it Malakai it's so
well-behaved it's like he just he's so
cocky oh you like that kiss the pickiest
that this is why he is so skinny because
he is the pickiest dog any time we go to
any pet place Petco the vet they always
try to give him a treat they're like oh
let's give him a treat look so skinny
he'll sniffing I'll just drop it on the
floor and then never eat it this is your
hmm I don't know I won't be able to fit
for it fit my summer pants like wow
that's good am i because the cameras on
let me that might be why he gets nervous
let's turn the camera okay all right
cameras up anyway
all right well we hope that's cake
eating made you happy when I got this I
was scared that one of the children
would go for it first so I guess it'll
taste in his mouth
treat yourself to treat yourself go for
me you're an eight year old great day in
dude
you're in the year old you're in your
old ages it smells like peanut butter
yeah just peanut butter like to start
have a bite of it it's good it's yummy
it's edible have a bite of it it's like
chocolate all tasted of you taste it
well okay okay dog food oh yeah yeah
well agree to that okay he's going for
it
nope okay then this is what a good dog
Malakai as you know I know okay Jackson
you have to eat it like Princess Carla's
Edie
this video better go to a million views
now no I'm gonna get don't move like you
know what I actually gonna like he would
never do it these chances
is it I bad that's amore Prince it's
hard I mean if I start like growing like
I'm like 12 years or something yeah
you're like I'm gonna be like Pinocchio
so now he likes it now he's eating it
I wonder if he'll eat that whole thing
about you well we already know like
about two inches doing just hi them
seven inches wider like some thick
enough for a Great Dane like what we can
put two together we should have proper
portion control so now he's finally even
a good like a popsicle for him he's like
so all you guys can go just like in at
that party on video video like in the
end credits yeah we could have smelled
Malachi did eat the cake finally check
this out this helicopter is coming down
to get water in its bucket so guys I'm
gonna seriously where's it gonna land
it's here different something
do we like chasing this freaking
helicopter - that is a little swimming
pool
it's gonna Pig babe the Blue Ox is daily
in water him and Paul Bunyan up there in
the trees they're clearing a path and
babe the Blue Ox is thirsty so they just
rain
yeah that is a good training I mean yeah
that's like a 12 by 12 foot like pool of
water over there so anyways we're
heading up to where we're gonna shoot
work the mines cheap and chapped and
then we just like follow the helicopter
it as we saw and we're like he's going
down that's just so we went off of our
beaten path but now we're gonna get back
on the road
here we are in the Pan's Labyrinth so
what happened did all these trees got
burned
super fire it was a super fire not just
a regular fire massive dude I've heard
about the super fires so this is
Bakersville then right yep this is part
Fraser Park KC film out there and show
lucky for a few more borax mountains see
him heat it and this is crazy
no like yeah that would be grave like
all this old farm equipment and stuff up
here I finally feel like my trucks being
able to be put to use so they're just
driving through then a speech getting up
the hills here is that four-wheel drive
this is gorgeous up here it's not too
bad because it I thought I'd be like way
hotter than it is it's probably like 85
you think it's like I'm just really
experiencing all five of my senses right
the other sight sound hearing touch
taste snow I can I'm touching like I'm
gonna touch the tree be a touch Samuel I
need a flower how long I'll get it close
I'll get your clothes going maybe I can
get a beer
give me give me a purple flower - you
know I like purple dude that's one of
our senses we're using the worst in you
is there a thorn in it that's hilarious
pain hurts love hurts what's the Saint
left hurt Samuel
no pain no gain pain no gain
I'm getting nature shots here I just was
filming one but I couldn't get to the
viewfinder could you guys see the lizard
I was like holding it and I could never
like find it in the viewfinder so I
don't know if you guys can see it or not
there's a lizard right there it's
getting some lizard footage you guys
like lizard footage every's like I want
more lizard fight I'm sorry lizard
footage in the vlog why can't you be
more like lizard blah here man
we're gonna be on this barn like blowing
up on this barn Casey's gonna be on top
of it we're gonna be superheroes we get
this giant fight out here but this is
our set for this shoot next topic is
that we're gonna do a tire up what if
she was like hanging from him but like
what if we got like a harness and some
ropes and it looked like she was hanging
from barbed wire hey we're gonna hang
you with barbed wire all right trust me
it's gonna be great it's gonna be great
YouTube video love you hon I'm gonna
savor I savor it we're thinking about
writing a hot passionate kiss right here
dude that'd be cool yeah yeah like to
the car yeah that looks cool that would
be sweet dude scouting out yo are you
guys check out who's pulling into town
it's the posse this is Sam macaronis all
his stunt buddies he's got from doing a
bunch of movies and they're here and
they're gonna put a bunch of crazy stuff
some celebrating their arrival here they
come Jews
I feel like 18 people are about to get
out of that drugs this is awesome we're
about to do some crazy stuff that's a
shiny red suit man this is what I do for
a living now I dress up in these clothes
hey coworker hold on let me I've gotta
go to the water fountain for a little
meeting you believe the Nasdaq crashing
my 401k is gone to hell I do not agree
with this costume you fit into this
right on the macaroni behind it thank
you
it's like what has been inside this like
freakin when I first opened the doors
there's a dead body in there come here
and have a fun time in my trailer
what's my brokedown trailer and do I
need some of these cars so fun we're
basically just out here and where is my
camera just hand me this Sam's is my
camera
oh sweet anyways we're just out here and
there's all these you know things these
toys I used to have a car like this you
guys I used to have a 1972 Buick Electra
it's a giant car like this so we're just
like finding all these cool things I
just did a you saw that yeah we were
just jumping into there with our things
so we're finding all these old you know
cars and stuff and I'm just doing tricks
I'm gonna junk I can't do it I got my
superhero suit on I'm gonna jump to this
car here we go ready dude we gotta do
something with these two cars like
they're putting a giant map right here
putting a giant mad cuz I'm gonna knock
this guy off of this truck onto this map
cache Casey
Kurian Matt's around wearing his odd-job
hat you look like Casey ham Lincoln on
this case that's your name okay you guys
we just had the part where I whack the
guy out of
the truck with my giant wrench here and
now I'm gonna do my exit I'm gonna do a
handstand out of this giant orange dump
truck this freakin thing this this this
dump truck hasn't been used for ever but
it is getting a new life today
look at this orange isn't this orange
beautiful orange the orange dump I love
him today this dump truck has new life
thing about this truck he's probably so
excited today he's been uh yeah hey
buddy how you doing everything no one
cares no one cares about your fancy eyes
look at your fancy eyes you're so pretty
okay so here's the Pat it's entirely
professional cuz we're a professional
scenario here and then digitally I'm
gonna remove those pads and she's gonna
flip onto the ground oh yeah you're
gonna land it that's what you do curtsy
thank you how you feeling Mike took some
good hits there I saw a little cut on
your hand already
you call action on this one too no Jason
okay back it up date your name and
business
Frank Smith and I'm a bum he's about to
plumb the crap out of this trampoline
check this out he's got a leaky faucet
this trampolines he'll come out of UHA
he's in Iran do did you hit that fly
over this trailer over the trailer yeah
that's gonna be great I did that's like
one thing I like about you is all your
mind anything about Sam macaroni he's
got a lot of Mike he's mighty leave he's
Mythili might might fly don't know what
you're getting ready don't forget to pop
breathe guttural sound oh that's what he
taught me today
go for the distance crit if you build it
they will come
he's going for distance the GoPro keeps
falling down bros stupid GoPros action
who's out snapping back there okay
you're on go Casey Casey no one this for
you the Scarlet lady saloon
let's go there that's one of my local
favorite hot spots so we're headed to
the Culver City Mall to go buy Shay a
soup I'm excited I want to like get some
sweet like sir oh it's cool I always
like this is that like I love I love
suits with vests I always like a
pinstripe I'm always like I love the
gangster look I do that we're gonna go
shoppin Tobias sit well the thing is is
I'm do I'm Shay law seeing people
personas IKEA if you didn't notice yeah
I am shedding the pounds dude I feel
like my legs are turning into like
little machines
I've been bite you so much the last
couple days it feels so good when we go
home you should show them your suit yeah
yeah the one that I had before I put it
on the sundae when we're going to church
and it was like so big on me and I was
like super proud of myself cause like
hey Shay you thought you could do it you
did it bro so proud we're getting you a
new suit Oh are we allowed to hey
mystery guitar man and Sara ever said
can we tell people you're getting
married
let me know call me let me know after
this video is up okay after the videos
up maybe I'll start says yes so we are
excited cuz we're going to this wedding
yes man the wedding Shay tried on his
suit the other day and it is
literally it's so big I don't want to
look like I'm wearing my dad's suit you
know there's gonna be like popular
youtubers there I want to look like nice
what are you yelling at no sorry bro
it's all mystery guitar meds he hates
children I know there's they were like
let's go in a suit come on go on an
escalator and the JCPenney it's gonna be
so excited hey keep Austin weird bro
keep Austin where it goes suits
well that's stuff like that we got to go
this way she's such a good dancer oh I'm
tired you guys are insane I'm
embarrassed to be with you right now so
embarrassed we have a dance injury
advanced injury on baby tard
need to work hey relax for me relax for
me honey you look like you're gonna pass
out in about five minutes
hey that's your built-in laughs that's
what doesn't fit I would get if I was a
boy if I would get if I was a girl girl
yeah
so wait what are you are you a boy or a
girl that shouldn't get it that's the
question I'm asking I'm a boy
what boy I'm not yet
you think this is nice huh this isn't as
tight and I don't like sucky and I have
to suck into me a little bit and I like
the lighter color I want to get one for
me let me get something for me I buy
some clothes of course you do please I
want some shoes education education then
what are you gonna graduate from college
we're gonna be when you grow up
anything you want to be that's not hard
to do this dude if I was a girl if I was
a girl I'd get that if I was a boy I'd
get that I mean that's going to say dang
and ruin the joke I sucked when I'm sure
I do comedy I'm here okay do you like
this color honey I kind of like this
color that's interesting to me it's like
a golden suit see how it fits
yes just go hairy-chested please how are
you gonna fix your hair down for this
freaking hat I put this hat on
that's like Donald Trump put on this
pink real top get this heroin lock into
place that's like me put on my tie never
taken off my hat daddy's not right hi
hey sheds breath Ian's turn edit your
videos sometimes anyways I'm calling
because I was leaving an end slate and
you didn't pick up anyways I wanted to
say that I liked you a lot as a friend I
hope also going well on the shoot I know
you're doing scam macaroni day - alright
I'll talk to you later I love you bye
