oh say
car
Oh
we even thinking bro
like seriously wrong I'm not a proud I
feel like I feel like I'm like either
the total like beach dad like the total
surfing dude in this oh look at my belly
doesn't poke out too much from my
frickin gut you guys aren't aware I'm
doing a weight loss channel called Shay
loss check it out like zoom appliance
and if you didn't know a lot of you
already know this but I said last week I
weighed 220 8.6 and so I said I'm gonna
get down to 220 next week so I was like
feeling all motivated right I was like
I'm gonna lose eight point six pounds
whatever I said I'll hit 220 so then
after I said that I said I'll get a
colonic cuz my buddy Ron I've said this
before Ron he got a colonic which is a
clean yeah it's not a it's not a nice
thing it's uncomfortable and then to put
a 2 in a certain place anyways I said
just because I was like want to motivate
myself I said if I don't hit 220 I won't
get a colonic
and I will film it then I came out and I
said listen even if I'm to twenty point
nine nine nine even if I am a little bit
under 221 it'll all still be at 220
something that will say oh that was that
will mean that I don't have to get a
colonic I got on the scale I'll probably
like 20 minutes before we you're gonna
read weigh-in and I was 0.5 I was a half
a pound from being there and I was like
I could do that
I could leave that I could lose a half a
pound in 20 minutes and so I threw my
sweater on and I was running around and
so I lost sweat for point what's what
would be what would that be anyways I
weighed in at 221 exactly exactly on the
dot
221 so if I was even and what is the
term for that that measurement of weight
point ooo a tenth of a pound or
something literally if you two gave me
ten more minutes I could have done it
and I would not have the pad I mean it
was that close I had knows I worked so
hard so good news is if we can take
anything good out of this experience I
did lose seven point six pounds
a week I rode my bike last two days I've
ridden my bike probably almost 30 miles
yeah CheY loss is going well come do it
with us
listen hey are you a fat lard ask
yourself that hey self my fat lard look
down go like this try to touch your toes
can you touch your toes is a hard desire
shoes are you like honest come on some
of you out there you know what I'm
talking about why don't you join up why
don't you come right on over to shayloss
and I will get will get you down even
though I'm gonna get down to 200 pounds
dude I'm gonna be Yellin feather much
below 200 though I know we'll see we'll
fill her out see how much muscle I build
and I'll start a bit of muscle building
phase all right so check out your last
bite we're at the beach private practice
what's what settles it on do any of you
watch private practice they're filming
it right here right inside there I guess
they're filming yeah look they're
blocking everything off this leg and
film in there they've shut the whole
restaurant down how exciting
we're here at Venice Beach it's a little
overcast just got a little overcast but
we're gonna try to go get a little surf
in it hey Carl what kind of dirty words
like the sand shirt
but fully found three broken beer
bottles I still have seven good good job
Jackson are they gonna bury you in the
sand click on the nipple you annotations
annotations on all right on this you
guys are weird
I just bury each other that's better if
I see you over here now do you like
being in this I am that's warm hot
that's it you got yourself an AI wife
burn you're looking pretty dang married
there
Computers drop my phone yeah hold on
Oh get away from that crazy huh it's a
head in this dad you got a double baby
berry right there you picked a really
bad angle to be protected today sir face
down in the sand you're in timeout you
want to get out
supermanny
the new trend here at the Shaytards
residents burying in the sand we bury
our children our lives you've got a long
ways to go
this is on camera so I won't get in
trouble right wait I think it's off
Dusit state portent for us
pretty radical huh guys that pre pretty
pretty typical wait in case you're down
here this morning at like 8:00 and what
time was it
we were watching there's a lot less
people down here at that time if I ever
did this I have to come down here like
6:00 a.m. so nobody was here so
embarrassed all these people watching I
was like he needs crowd no pressure
you're not very good you know if you
dare to drop in right now you're not
very good you got a lot of nerve I'll
tell you a lot under night-night
that's I wish I was over there that have
been better footing
nice
there's always something being shot some
some TV show or a movie or something for
the web I know it's cool everybody is on
a Segway I'm gonna write a Segway I'm
only ridden a Segway once that was at a
YouTube gathering in Toronto
he's eight oh eight who remembers google
it with media on purpose I thank you I
heard her say that shake our everybody
we had fun surfing while attempting
surfing and swimming and it was awesome
and watching skateboarders I am now
handing it over to the rightful winner
of what what pomazan how long have you
won that was like eight years under the
bats he won that this is actually an
idea of Joe Felice and you get to speak
put a little voice recording in there
it'd be a good thumbnail hi guys what
why do you eat there how awesome is that
a restaurant I don't know that was cool
or not goin it's so cute when he finally
like figured out where we were and saw
these things his eyes just my like fun
the tears I read not really a funny kind
of uncomfortable whoa hey retards
decided she doesn't need friends
she never need anyone to have fun hey
you know I'm pretty high good job good
job
hey just a second I've got children
calling me from every direction yeah
what's this called the Twitter College
Willie no one died again no I just want
to slide I just want to climb up and
fight for their spot are you having so
much fun just sitting on the bottom in
his side there we go breaking the rules
the train stop
so Kaley and I were just talking about
how much playgrounds have changed since
we were kids
like I think that they're a lot cooler
now like there's lots of colors and
different little get just the gadgets
and things to climb on but I remember
back in the day we used to have slides
that were like so high like 30 feet high
and that's probably an exaggeration
because I don't really know from being
that little it probably looks that high
but it was like these slides that would
be so high as they make your tummy
tickle when you slide down him and I
remember that they had to like get rid
of them after a couple years that we
were in elementary school because like
four or five kids fell up and broke
their arms or legs so it was not a safe
thing but I remember they used to be
really cool rainbow and on this slide by
himself
do it again okay you ready you ready no
rock card oh whoa the first time we did
it he had a little concerned look on his
face that he's gotten used to it don't
know if I like it
I don't know oh come on program here
conquered the end of the slide are you
there little voices look at you guys
you're like a picture perfect poster
baby
I feel like everybody should get the
chance to do this for just five minutes
a day facing the Sun on that ocean
breeze what a nice way to spend it
wouldn't you agree cake say that Shay
and your shirt a shirt Shay like you
should district uh leagues below
hahahaha that's a big chopper flying
real thanks to the AG bride looking for
great water shot did you think that
Michael did you think it was a pickle no
no I just felt like being brave green
hot peppers you just grabbed one of
those pepper what do they call pepper
Chinese pepper and you see these things
just took a big bite out of it good try
another one
not the stamp big bite you are crazy
don't spin the charm
it's your try it lick it let's see if it
SOG enough take a bite all right well I
guess we're not drinking out of that up
would you say any more did you try it
too nice hey guys let's talk about
something real quick I have here a
hundred percent pure coconut water and
it is delicious it says right here it's
hydrates naturally or does it say that
hydrate naturally what like another way
I guess because it's from nature this is
like how would you how would you do
these elevator elevator elevator buttons
cadet wait for me guys let's just vlog
in sorry so we're going to teen magazine
for an interview
okay here we are and Satine is this
team.com this is gonna be the click
click go click click away guys on the
click click click click click hey ash
and I are sharing we're on this like
futon is it a daybed what is this is a
nice tree this reminds me of this tree
that I used to ski on which doesn't
sound to go to this mountain where there
was a tree that looked like that and
people would throw bras in it instead of
like it was white because of the winter
it was an Aspen so it kind of reminds me
I'm chime so we're back we're doing all
right music video is called go crazy
sorry
it's going crazy
it's literally crazy I just want to say
this has been awesome on the click click
I want to come back here I'm gonna come
back I'm just going to stay here I'm
clicking on the click right as you click
off this I'm just gonna fall asleep
favorite hahaha right listen put a
picture of me when I was in eighth grade
go just kidding
here it is now I'm gonna get an email
for breakfast did you really picture for
you Nate's great I want to use it there
it is we should be like on the same side
which is over
call alley continuity specialist baby
stuff that way and Slade and Slade this
is the aunt slave
that's the KD yeah I think you should
sell that in iTunes I feel like it
should have you know some sort of jingle
what why is key she's touching my lake
but I don't know he's your brother in a
pro quit he's older who's older I am so
you taught him whatever you send are
beaten up freaking Richard Ryan daddy
look at Megan you guys click on one of
these freaking videos yesterday's vlog
there's a new sheet coral video now
