you are not watching the Shaytards flop
just sit back for us
the pink shake does
we fought for two years and you aside
the three
it's the favorite snack of the day are
you head over there right now so you
know where it's at you remember right
it's called the Saskatchewan Avenue it's
the favorite treat of the day hey what
are you doing you spending all of our
money on Delta calm where are we going
we're going back home for family reunion
to Idaho crap oh crap oh what much is
this gonna cost me I don't fo'get I'm
everybody's waiting for me so I have to
hurry okay we're going to Ikea look
Kaylee's doing her nails waiting for you
I love that pink shirt today it's so
yeah I got Rock card ready let's check
out his kicks I just put them on he's
just indulging in the Ferber in the
carpet it's a high thread count huh bro
soft you're going to Nike AKC buy
everything everything plus two plus one
question gasps you ready to go to Ikea I
just call I think there's been a ton of
people there too because apparently
college is getting back into school and
everybody's going to get stuff you might
be in an ikea hailstorm or whatever
please go mom like all the birthdays and
stuff yeah Kassem just ask mommy tart a
very interesting question and I am
really interested to hear the
responsiveness
okay Cass what was your question I asked
her what she could have one chocolate
treat for the rest of her life because
mommy tired like mommy tarts drugs or
chocolate she just loves she just has to
have a little bit of Dexter just to set
her straight
and I don't every day but I responded
what's your one little treat that you I
think it would be a milk chocolate
she supports diabetes for kids across
America Jerry I'm more like a heath bar
cargo what do you guys what do you carry
milk god that's your luck Street awkward
and Milk Duds Goodyear blimp right there
focus in on that dude that's pretty cool
it's like a celebrity needs to cook here
but it's just resting you just chilling
there that's where he gels it's constant
advertising for the people of Goodyear I
think that's pretty cool
think how many Super Bowls that dudes oh
they're about to they're about to uh are
they taking off yeah no wait what an
opportune what an opportunity is it
going up we're gonna absolutely
beautiful field I want to try it out
there make a right on Victoria we're
going to Ikea that's the closest I've
ever been to the Goodyear blimp itself
oh well it's not a party boom she's
basically a giant would that be fun to
have a party one day look at that this
is like his hangout spot this is like
house what's up good year follow me on
Twitter yo try it everybody only here on
the Shaytards do you get the Goodyear
blimp yeah I'm getting some great stuff
for you guys grumbling tummy look so
like generic though I am hungry with us
that's amazing coke mac and cheese
there's vegetables vegetables was this
dreadful as your litter box one we don't
pay them did your hot dog later
octarians he's excited check the card
out is that what you said I know as I'm
sure our cars gonna like that after we
now
chillin out here in the one you've never
seen these kind of cheese graters you
know what's the funny thing is though
you never use any other things like what
does this do it's like right now our
Madonna think and then I've used this a
few times to slice for sandwiches but
this is the side you know you could you
could use this for like thinly slice
cheese but like who cares like you want
the big shreds that's good and have you
ever been doing that and then you get
your toes forever of your knuckles in
there I've done that before or like my
fingertips I've created a lot of cheese
with these babies what's this one this
reminds me of one where you can grate
the Ronnie goes right into the bottle
cool toy Oh bitch crater goes right into
the thing then you just dump it right
straight in the bowl how could you
that's good that's a that's a miracle
modern science that is right there
doctor I got a good idea like looking at
movie
look these your lights you wanted like
the ball the lights a bowl I know you'll
get it if you watched any recent newer
child's movies you'll get it he has
obviously what's way to go they let me
out in the cart
they let me out of the car which way do
I go there's so many options this way
that way there's so many things to look
I'm strapped a GoPro to his head did you
get lots of good footage he's gonna go
pro strapped right to his head where any
other face we should get him a little I
remember we're trying to teach princess
tried to sleep in her own bed and she
would end up in the weirdest places in
the morning should be in the closet on
the floor underneath the bed underneath
their rock guard what's underneath here
what anything
oh hi there's some time listen how's
Quinn siddhis you know that's weird
god I want this for my room I could put
my shaving equipment in here easy-cheesy
we're gonna break it they get a little
crazy man hey why you're the cube but
yeah that was slam that's trying to set
that shut up forever
I don't think he's loving this okay time
to go sleepy night 9:00 good night I'll
see in the morning you got school be
sure to do your homework stopped up
there bro I'll see you again forget a
second this goes here and this one where
does it go
I think it goes on the ground these
stupid one goes on the ground I will sit
here in this chair this would be my
chair this is where I will have my
meetings oh look I have a visitor hello
girl how are you oh look at these
carrots these are adorable look they
have these little faces on them oh well
there's any other kinds are they all the
same
that's a cute one is it again
let's put a strawberry on this he needs
a few strawberries
oh he jumps back yet Batman has a baby
by the leg nice backpack bro you did a
great job well you ladies class we can
shuttle back yeah yeah just wait
go back okay so I got you guys figure
this out I got to go back and help I
gotta go help Cass and get the guest
decision making process right there this
is real life baby
real life IKEA shopping you sound so
tough I'm so scared right now I don't
really want to end slate today I think
we're just gonna not do them I mean we
started this so we have to finish it huh
well they can click it if they want they
know that it's mysterious
