say
oh it's like a wishbone are they
attached okay Oh
your wish is probably better than mine
anyway well is yours
it's cheating you can't do that what's
the prize you don't get it you know I
had to make a wish to fail well mine was
that I'd be in love with you forever
something like really sweet emotional
looks like I lost
guess what sister I means you lost to
which to get the wish win the wish we
got it well kind of oh stop sorry
okay keep scrubbing don't let me
interrupt
cleaning in the house this Jackson
Harrison's coming over trying to get it
clean so they don't think that we're
scumbags
centaur I want you to go over that
carpet like 12 times alright get it good
double double stripes I want like you
know back and forth you know like
they're doing the baseball outfield
that's what I want on this carpet make
this build look like Wrigley Field who
it whatever Phil does that and these
girls are out here swabbing the deck oh
well I do not
lose your labor your free labor keep
scrubbing guys are trying to clean this
out here they're swiffering their
swiffering nation oh that's gross I
don't want it no you can look at this
one that's already
that's Malachi her mostly i mop this and
I look the kitchen's off-limits I put
like I put these chairs here and I told
everybody it's off-limits until this
dries because I want that slate to be
shiny right it's not good after I
scrubbed it and I also clean the granite
I'm a stone guy I take care of all the
stone cleaning in the house and the live
show oh crap the live show starts in one
hour and thirty minutes this is the blog
TV show that will get ready to do
there's 2,100 people in here just
hanging out in the chat Wayne for the
show to begin so we're all clean and
vacuuming trying to get ready I gotta go
take a shower I'm sweating I went on
like a seven mile bike ride today
wait am i scrubbing the floor good job
so we're getting ready for this show to
start
go jump in the shower and then whoo go
Jackson everybody's gonna come over I
would upload the video and it's gonna be
crazy
that's my life excited to have like
20-something people at our house tonight
yes because I'm not cooking that's true
we're getting a catered huh thanks
Eileen Jackson's manager she's awesome
hey happy everyone I know I was a little
jealous but it's my girlfriend I love
the colors man these colors you guys
like must have planned it out did we
text a lot right do you know the gun
loaded right now yes I have a gun right
now man
4 minutes and 41 seconds to the live
show begins and we're gonna be chatting
with these 4400 people and they're
tweeting at us right now I just I'm
showered I've conditioned my beard it
was funny I got on on the chat earlier
and they said there's 58 minutes left I
gotta go some stupid joke like it takes
58 minutes condition my beer then I
thought it was funny because then trade
target coach tweeted it so that i
retweeted anyways Jackson Harris is here
we're gonna upload a video why I'm gonna
give away the shirt from the go crazy
music video so when we premiere it I'm
wearing like I think it's a sleeveless
tonight you have it tonight
I don't have it with me because we're
gonna be given some CDs away tonight you
don't win it sure that's go to someone
on the rules yeah guys we're gonna be
giving some CDs away and stuff like that
so how we're gonna decide to do that I
know a lot of you posted some really
cool YouTube videos I saw one that was
really interesting shape log us we are
rents walking you guys right now you
guys want to say hi hey how's it going
this is gonna be going on Shaytards
youtube.com slash underscore that's
exactly hey Brandi woody Eaton back
there got some chips and salsa going on
the prices also I can't get this open
side I'm just really strong so maybe we
should do um what you doing the giveaway
well give away a sign sing okay we're
gonna give my sign single from Jackson
hash we thought you liked a trivia
question
are you alright dude I think she's like
has dysentery err that's how I always
lost the game and you say call the
Amazon trail
yeah it's Oregon Trail oh I got I got
happens I thought amazon.com oh that's a
new game dude Yahoo trail was awesome
no that's why it said I love the Oregon
Trail that's like my very first memory
of computers ever is Oregon Trail is
horrible but when I won I was so happy
where in the world is Carmen Sandiego I
love that show too I always loved uh
dudes who sing the low part at the end
Rockaway New Worlds that that man in the
world is that is that still is that like
all that's it you could probably
here's the doorbell ring right after the
video is over that was crazy
moving all morning just moving in any
way you can Jake are you excited for
your weigh-in today sir a point 4 pounds
120 point anything I said about 99.5
you're gonna weigh yourself naked well
that's an option I'm so proud of you
baby
Jackie amazing how much weight you think
your dad's gonna lose you don't know how
many pounds would you say so I'm tired
doesn't know what would you say like
maybe 5 times 2 pounds how about 2
pounds 1 pound
I think Shay's own son has lost faith in
O'Shea he's lost like at least a baby
chart and a half maybe a princess start
to really shake with Saul and quit
shovin off is your honor
Jay you can't delay the inevitable buddy
he's just stolen
he's just stalling all right here he
comes I'm gonna give it up
I might weigh myself with my shirt off
hey Shay are you gonna win you lose also
Jackson Harris music video you're no
Jackson
