pretty pretty pretty darn patches what
it is Katie letting shaycarl got the
cutest kids and they'd be up on YouTube
making all the Vince and if you don't
know I'm gonna tell you like this like
this like son's heart got all the girls
on them got him wondering how'd he get
so handsome okay and baby turn she got
that baby girl swag she can get a little
crazy just like her dad what a rockstar
I see you starting to walk get that
sticky leg then he hit the drivers hard
with you whack girlfriend back
handspring it's a perfect ten yeah you
know they PDF 52 years done and he's on
to three we're ready for a pity also let
it be clear hey goob Jillette hey blade
you little boy what not picking you up
claim yourself that's why you got two
legs that's why I got two legs one to
kick you in the butt in I wanted to
stand on as I kick you in the butt with
my other good leg young lasses this one
strapped in
oh wait you forgot to wear clothes crap
I hate it when that happens now is your
birthday today tell me about your
birthday you've been having a good day
hey I know what you're getting for your
birthday a Barbie and Barbie house how
do you know cuz why you remember stuff
is that what you told mom what you
wanted you told mom you wanted a Barbie
house are you being sassy I have an
attitude with me yes you are you have an
attitude problem
well it's your birthday I love you baby
tard happy birthday you're four years
old and growing the older you so
beautiful your hair is getting so long
and your personality is getting so
adorable a bratty who remembers when
baby tired would never say a word and
would just sit there now she's she's
learning from her sister do you you
punched us
be nice hey dimples we just call you
dimples McGee did you guys tell your mom
to hurry up rock garden hey hey baby
turn who gave rock star the bloody lip
Rock tard who gave you that bloody lip
happy birthday baby tard we're talking
about Cecily actually she's a kind of
person actually Lisa ancestry there are
kind of people like when you start
talking to them you feel like you're
immediately friends with them like yeah
they're did that making you like they
care about you so much what is so funny
tell me all the comedy you know
yeah baby tired maybe sent out a tweet
say hey turn the corner of Venice and
Lincoln could you please turn up Eminem
if you're in your car right now well
nothing you would know they were all
breaking the lobster looking at their
phone oh it's a perfect way to track it
call us LAPD we got a deal for you dude
we can work out indigo she a can you
give out tickets like for vlogging while
driving probably I bet you we might get
a ticket for volume on well that's not
as I mean if everybody did that all the
time and not probably be illegal but
you're the only person I feel like I've
perfected the art you have yeah I have
vlog and drove for three years I really
should stop vlogging and driving though
we usually hear you should just film me
that's what we should do I just like to
feel like the control of the camera
it's like a symphony I'm like a I'm like
a an Orchestrator you know I'm like you
should move in all right orchestrating
this vlogs at pool in maybe we better
flip they slowed I bring it down a bit
up and it's like angles
lighting and there's so much to it so
you're doing like that good you're doing
it all wrong
look I'll be right over there playing a
car or in juice
that's Kobe Bryant I think that C's
gonna buy a new Mustang convertible
slash hatchback slash hat it's out of
seven oak tear I'd get it Kobe get it
call me do it you deserve it bro oh we
get it bro get that car bro you deserve
it
Kobe don't bite on credit
Kobe pay cash for that you got a dog
yeah I love this Carla I love car let's
have the price on the car sixteen
thousand nine hundred ninety-nine my
little Honda that's a $20,000 bond oh
wow remember we used to have an accord I
do a monitored that was one of our very
first Sun targets that Kobe Bryant shot
him
it was a joke yes definitely not tall
enough
did you really think it was Kobe Bryant
son tart is out like freakin screaming
I'll be Brian all right turn it off look
at the cake it's princessy so proud to
see Hey Oh baby baby turned out there
hey nice hat what do you think it's a
lot it's a lot it's not a head I thought
you got it for a carry I see y'all do
the rest over this one oh my gosh this
is so hard not to eat for shayloss I
just like how cold that I that candle
was on the bottom of the candle is like
I could just tell is gonna taste
delicious I'm not gonna have any tell
that baby to shut his mouth this is not
his birth
hey baby and look what we got over here
I bought this wrapping paper
I didn't pick that out but come Q I'm
such a good dad okay sit down sit down
okay first present let's see what she's
gonna get Sam you don't get any presents
Sam no pressure
what do you think you like it yeah happy
birthday
oh yeah done comes with a movie Barbie
movie included extra promotional stuff
to make you want to buy your product up
on that one what do you think about the
paper are you appreciating the paper cuz
we trust me your mom wanted to think
about it a lot and what kind of way
should get so sure like this time better
oh snap it's the cheapest ones watch
this I approve of this try stick that in
my mouth okay what do you say to Casey
and Caylee what do you say sighs I go
I'll be shy of it uncle listen I hope
you like this president take it open up
please all right look what uncle Casey
started gonna make you one of Sam's
movies check this out look the fireplace
even lights up crazy that's all you get
just a bunch of stupid junk do you like
it yes all right I guess that's all the
matters all of our love happy birthday
now let's just leave in the box it looks
so much cooler
let's wait so we go home we'll open it
at home you're doing it Peter
you kind of imagine all right oh you
want some more oh he's gonna use it for
fancy style what is going on here oh my
goodness who has been flatulating in
here put this hard or even flatulating
oh well it's very obvious oh my goodness
how do you work under these conditions
what's going on is that normal I'm
trying to acclimate that's what you do
as a parent that's real love tell me how
much fun you're having right now mama
there's an elevator an actual elevator
does the fire light did you guys put the
batteries in you know I have the
batteries we're all good at the
batteries cuz the fire supposed to light
up you guys know that
yeah there's lights it lights up like it
it looks like it no I'm sorry I'm behind
on the times all this I love I love this
little corner is like reading queries
you have water in the swimming pool
already the bathtub oh my bad
seriously I'm so sorry there's a spa
look at this Tara seen what a birthday
present right we're spying in your house
who's this girl
what's her name Prince started with this
girl's name the Rihanna Rihanna Rihanna
is watching the movie apparently in her
couch in the dollhouse this is the back
of flat screen TV is this American Idol
yeah there's a fire burning as they're
watching American Idol on a pink mantle
hello hello mommy toss a baby card put
her in that couch let's sit down on the
couch and watch a midget compared to
Barbie holy crap these guys would not go
well on a talk show the David Letterman
Show this would really stick out I'm
just like we look it's like they're both
sitting me on this couch but look how
small one is compared to the other
they're both watching the same show
whatever this show is oh do you vote him
off or do you vote to go to the next
final round where you could win 2015 I
don't know there's a real fire
where'd that bed go oh this is what
really got me is this bed when she goes
to sleep she takes the boughs off and
closes it and when she wakes up she dies
the boughs back on that this her blanket
barbary get it it's time for your
manicure Barbie it's time to have a spa
you just bashed her head in dude you did
you did this to her gosh I hope you're
happy
her pain is on your head wash what's my
name
Craig bird you girls play with your
silly toys oh my gosh like there's even
like a little like logo up here you have
a good birthday yes that's a pretty good
birthday right goodnight kisses good
night
happy birthday that was such a good
video I should do sighs your thumbs up I
bet you if I like today thumbs it up
with a favorite no I know you should
click on these others I'll look at all
the option which is clapping her oh
she's in a car like Oh cute cheese how
it girls
oh that's you know you don't so much
she's cute
buzzer shayla's could click on it all
right
all right listen way
