you are not watching the Shaytards while
just sit back relax
I in the career
it's time for the Taco Tuesday with days
in Keighley Taco Tuesday take a kekkai
Li go home say Friday fajita Friday
buddy - Friday
fajita Friday it's Monday what day is it
all right all right I did good when I
did that honks I'm an awesome husband so
what are you just saying about old cases
of yours intro song going guys
that's why YouTube Mindy Casey's life
the record company everything's gonna be
alright it sounds like that we decided
for some reason that's what mom's mind
goes to I know
seriously it's cuz Sun tard to not do a
cleanup for like two days and the Flies
like hey there's a lot of poop in this
yard substantially more than most yards
in fact let's tweet all our friends who
come to this giant poop infested yard
because of this dog and million flies
showed up and now they're hanging out in
our house bad if I heat of Friday gonna
smack one we need a flyswatter yes we do
screen 7 one for each one of mommy turds
tentacles oh did you get it dude eat it
put it here
Anita it's like dying you're making me
suffer he's suffering Oh a bad person
you just killed a life the innocent life
is that worth it
yes his name was Henry and he had a
family of three he's not coming home
tonight old Gladys Gladys doesn't be
waiting up late tonight yeah it's his
wife of 45 years sorry
he was just out doing the rounds trying
to sniff poop and vomit on it
did it crash yeah
is your 401k down $5,000 oh crap oh crap
the economy's going in the crapper Bronx
what are we gonna do about it is it
gonna go back up rocks can it go back up
oh you did good scooter go boo boo hmm
Bronx is scooby-doo no no Yogi Bear oh
yeah I'm gonna hear something can you
give us I'm gonna get some big energy
buzz good look at him aguilas little
stub wiggle waggle your little stub
Buster Brown I like this dog I think we
can keep him KC's our new dog I call
he's cute waggle that little stubby her
strong shivers I love you Brown see I
love you let's say that again I said
your hat matches my shirt they both have
purple on no but we should make out yeah
that's what you said that's hey guys me
and mommy tart are on a mini midday date
a million midday date to that my home
staff on a little mini midday date is
1:20 in the afternoon and this is the
great funny in the afternoon well what
what 120 in the Alton do yo yeah yeah
that's the great thing about having
Casey and Caylee live here now we're
like hey April and sis you watch our
kids for a little while while we go
shopping so Casey Kelly are at our house
and we totally trust them with our kids
so it's so great so now we're be able to
do like you know switch shops all right
so they can go on dates and we can go on
date they can leave for three weeks and
then we can leave for like three months
and not be around our kids
that's our goal is we're gonna put them
all together in a room and then just try
to like well just take turns like
watching the door so they don't get out
it's kind of rate that's great idea
which way do I go straight straight out
there you're currently going shopping
baby Tardos perfect hey you know what's
crazy is I remember when she turned
three last year and we went out to
wingers
for her birthday dinner and I remember
standing her on the van and taking a
quick pic and saying it was maybe
towards birthday I can still see that
picture in my mind a baby started
standing on our white minivan in front
of our house
and that was like a year ago and that
seems like just barely remember just
barely taking that picture it's crazy
how time flies go saying collides faster
but in my world and now I don't know
what to say so next the time camera
camera okay here we go we go through the
Toys R Us so dududududu gonna hold your
hand cake we're married and in love
we're married and in love I like to make
jingles for everything we get a cart and
like having kids because I like getting
carts because I like leaning on them
when I push them it makes it so much
easier to walk through the store when
you can lean on a cart so I hop in there
I can't get in
oh great now you're going to embarrass
us you're gonna make a scene I'm gonna
smack you in about two seconds you don't
shut your mouth you're shut how we don't
ice and I'm every Toys R Us we're gonna
get our daughter some presents that's
very true
it's very true these are not the droids
you are looking for like homes this is
fun
should we have a talk with everybody
honey should we do it right here in the
doll I'll have a better time than now
should we have an open hearted
conversation with our audience all right
tell them the bad news well it's not bad
no it's bad it's just new no it's bad
it's not this is bad news of all you
guys have never heard such bad news in
your life you thought you knew what Bad
News Bears was we'll listen we're now
the new definition of that oh just tom I
can't even think about it our staying
and where you thought I was pregnant huh
I would have died
that's how bad it is that would have
been yes we're staying here in
California we're seeing you guys figured
right don't be mad there's a deal I mean
let's chat what are you guys is
concerned staff time I literally have
just barely settled in we will
leave right in the middle of everything
yeah we just got the kids used to
everything KC and Haley just moved down
here make your studios is taking up a
lot of you know our time I'm able to do
so many other things you know like
beyond Adam Carolla's podcasts and go to
this you know beyond the Osher lazarre's
what's trendy I'm just having help what
it is yeah you know Brett's here we are
gonna stay here we don't know for how
long but um we hope you and still enjoy
the vlogs we're a busy family we're
super busy and they're they change a lot
and we're be in different places one
minute or in Chicago with 250,000 people
and then the next minute we're looking
at tutus and the aisles of Toys R Us
we're all over the place you guys oh my
god
we understand that there's certain parts
about our life that you guys like better
like we realize that you just like when
we're at home alone together budget so
much we're gonna be going back to Idaho
aloft yeah we're gonna be back bicoastal
be bicoastal and by that I mean like
we're gonna stay on the west coast and
fly like an hour and a half in between
yeah two places okay we get a baby oh
this is ridiculous I love it I never had
a dollhouse and I can tell you right now
I'm gonna play with it more than I
guarantee you Oh what is this Oh decided
dolls not included they have enough boss
ha the light sauce father lights up is
that a fireplace that lights up like
cheesy McCheese Orson whooshing it goes
whoosh it really goes whoosh chandelier
lights up dude this is big high-tech
it's cool right freaking stove is gonna
just gonna cost me what's just gonna set
me back here this worth it
you sure do we love her that much yes
baby tard you just always remember when
you watch these videos here like years
later and say I hate your dad yeah yeah
I bought you this sweet freakin
dollhouse okay because I love you plus
your mom's making me do it okay
seriously biologist 55 plus pieces for
daddy to step on in the middle of the
night how exciting who has a working
elevator how swanky five deluxe rooms
that are fully furnished real sounds she
doesn't like this then I'm gonna just
kick her right in the side of the head
this is probably the coolest thing ever
it is the coolest thing ever and I'm
excited I'm gonna get her some Barbies
or other junk all right let's hustle
this process up when she say there sprit
get 24 doll shows like Karen L what kind
of does hey Karen busy yeah any chick
with red hairs spricket 24 to me really
funk oh there's a wheelchair why would
you want that I guess that's for kids
who want to become doctors that's
interesting oh that's a good point I
always wanted a brown hair doll so that
it would look like me you did I would
think that sometimes you'd want to get
something different so it's like you
could have like a different kind of
person but you wanted to get the one
that looked like you yeah so like
there's some psychology behind that it's
weird I feel like move your foyers all
right let's go she's so full of herself
guys just think she's all that and a bag
of chips
look this dude comes he has a frickin
smooch on his cheek that's what I want
to get our daughter look and then after
you put the lipstick on you smeared all
over his face and then I'll appreciate
you being a hoochie mama is there like a
guide to be a hoochie mom in here with
directions included so how do you pick
out the best Barbie air well I have a
hard time because I always try to find
the ones that are more modestly dressed
modestly dressed that doesn't really
they're not showing off their who hauls
and their wing Wong's and their Dilli
walla walla bing bang x' i hate it when
they show off their Wally Wally wheelie
while I was being bangs you know I'm
saying so in a pro her Wally Wally de
walle bing bang is practically poking me
in the eye can we go us
just sucks looking at dolls so you guys
to the people who watch every single day
and to the people who thumbs up every
day and comment and reply to all you
know my Twitter's everything we
appreciate you guys and we definitely
take in consideration what you guys Jess
I mean cuz there's a lot of times where
they'll people are like this isn't good
for the kids or you know we hear like
they should be wearing helmets at the
end were their parents right you guys
you guys I know you understand that but
they were they came out of her not you
even though if some of you could have
done that that have been easier on mommy
charge should appreciate about maybe
next time maybe like lava Sarah gets in
the next 100 up sign up know to be the
shades are surrogate how weird would
that be really weird early word anyways
yeah we'll do our own baby makin thank
you very much so at the end of the day
or I'm trying to get to the point is is
that we're gonna make the decision that
we feel is best for our family that's
all that matters tops is the strength of
our family there's a lot of things that
we have to do right now because this has
become our business it's as crazy and as
weird in it as it is because it is and
it trust me when ever try it you know I
ever see anybody that I used to know
from you know growing up you know that
didn't ever know me before I was earning
two who knew me before I was shake our
whatever I hate trying to explain you
know what I do you know it's like it's
really it's hard weird you what I
usually say is like I'm a co-owner of a
production company that's based out of
Venice Beach California called maker
studios and I kind of help you know
produce content for YouTube channels and
so I try to like make it sound as like I
never be like shake off daddy tard from
the Shaytards
check me out you know so I always try to
make it sound like I got this normal job
yeah it sounds cool I started this
internet this digital studio but it's
crazy we have a crazy crazy life we
never expected this for it this is this
is my saying this is a dream come true
of a dream that I never even knew that I
had it's a dream come true of a dream
that I never even knew that I even had
this is perfect what I do now for my job
or how I make money to you know provide
for my family
fits me to a tee this is my personality
me being shaycarl isn't difficult at all
because that's just exactly who I am I'm
probably a little bit more mellow like
off-camera you know just chill sometimes
and we read each other poems we do she
loved only do that oh we we recite
sonnets to each other I'll do like I she
had the best Limerick the other day
seriously she's a limerick son of a B
from Tallahassee
you got the freaking dollhouse back here
baby Tori better like it if she does
that I'm keeping it will make her write
seven limericks a day I'd do that once
in fifth grade I had a teacher named mr.
K he was like this really big Asian guy
and you can come out and play football
with us a half or a halftime at recess
they called grease has happened
and he would just Chuck this ball and
there'd be like 400 little 4th graders
he Allen mr. K mr. calamy roses name mr.
calamy er mr. K mr. K and he would just
Chuck these balls and whenever you
caught one I was like the greatest day
of your life because he was the coolest
teacher in school and then whenever you
got in trouble he'd make you write
sentences I'd write 500 sentences once
for whippin Corey level you what I had
this we had these we got these flag
football belts and I was whipping them
with my flag football belt side to right
like 500 sentences saying I will be a
good person in society or something like
that it was hilarious so long story
short I know I learned not to whip
people with your belt that you had for
black people
listen Corey level man there's been
something I want to get off my chest
back in fifth grade I whipped you so
sorry bro oops sorry anywho zoals so
we're staying here in California guys
and we're gonna just try to you know
make this business work for us Brent is
now working for us we have an official
company called vlog entertainment
it stands for videos love outgoing guys
I stole that right from KC he said that
I'm like that's an a my company I'm
naming my company that so you know we're
co-owners of maker studios but our my
our own personal stuff for our own
personal company is called vlog
entertainment so we're gonna just try to
build that and that's what that's this
has been this little pause on that we're
going to talked about our real life like
our goals and what our plans are
we're gonna be here in California for
how long that's the thing about Arles we
don't know seriously we can't plan we
could be living in Hawaii next week uh
oh you sweet let's do that sure the kid
that's the cool thing about this job is
that we could live anywhere that they
have intermixed maybe we should just
like move around like we can move to
Europe for a while you live in England
for about six months
would you got any have any flats they
could let us alone no idea guys probably
hate me now cuz I don't know anything
I'm stupid fat and ugly
hey you stupid fat ugly it's the worst
part about my personality in treason all
right so where are we going next grocery
shopping yes we need cake need fake for
the babe Dart
all right here we go gonna get some cake
oh we're gonna get a balloon - we have
to get a balloon for the baby tard this
is gonna be the prettiest most precious
pink princess party and being the
outcome we'll see I think it's me pretty
Pete pink I print that sup batter this
cake I'm gonna put all this princess
crap on it then we gotta was this like
Disney Disney wrapping paper Disney
Princess wrapping paper I saw you know
why I love California
because they have a Jamba Juice in side
of the nut bar it's so car and there's
also a Panda Express
right over here can you see it see the
little red sign that's a Panda Express
on that end of the grocery store got
your fresh fruits delicious berries to
decide from and then if you want to
freakin Panda Express to platter plate
you run over there
you want a Caribbean passion from
geometers just so convenient it's all
right here they've thought of everything
they've even flights the watermelon
that's so amazing
do you love you California that's not
forever cut that crap out cut it out it
was what Oh the unfunny stuff out and
even though that it's not funny if it's
her face being on it yeah it's not how
you know it's I know funny
hey Rachel she just attacked us in
the pavilions she was like she looked
like like that guy from Braveheart that
was running like murdered all those
people is that I got on YouTube famous
now yay that's my dream
nice to meet you thanks for watching our
videos keep thumbs up in them sweet all
right
see you bye no per month like are these
x-rated we have 18 kids are very
family-friendly explain it to your mom
see ya mom like why are you filming my
daughter in the parking lot yeah they're
super x-rated only when mommy target
there's gonna be big stop every were
Princess us an opportunity to looking
for oh hey Shea why are you out of
breath okay I was just editing I have a
question for you if you ever do move
back to Idaho can I come can I just like
live in your house an intern Shack all
right I'm coming over by shad
