it's not that's too much of a sample of
the song even though it's available to
download on iTunes link below so that's
the Jackson Harris song you guys I this
is just this is not the vlog for today
some of you guys are already typing up
for today another one take our kids off
of these short ones acres you know if
she doesn't care about us anymore
anyways this is just this is just an
update to let you guys know that we're
doing an upload party tonight live on
blogtv Jackson Harris is gonna be here
in our house in Los Angeles he flew here
from New York and yeah so we're dry
crushing right now to clean the house
feed the babies back the babies and get
ready for that blood party so tonight at
4:00 Pacific Standard Time that's
California time 4:00 p.m. the live show
will start on blogtv at block tv.com
slash people slash sure all right so
beards maybe you guys are weird upload
um the music videos
we stop the screaming all right we have
an injury an injury on set
silence Jackson I'm wearing my favorite
shirt you guys my favorite shirt now I
don't care I love it baby tired you're
the one behind it aren't you you're the
one behind it the whole time isn't it
little rat oh you know about lookout
sweaty I am guys I just got on back from
the bike ride I went down to the Santa
Monica Pier I went down and saw that
it's like 100 miles I seriously just
rode my bike like 5,000 miles
all right see you guys tonight at the
live show oh my goodness everyone get
layman jacket ours is bomba Navarro
