oh look at that beautiful bad wasn't
this this is gonna be a bunk bed huh
what do you think we got an ear put your
knee up hi Bridget listen listen
when he does that put your knee up like
this and he'll know not to jump up on
you
grab his paws and push them down and put
your knee up yeah put your knee up and
kind of push them off you that's good
and I just like punch them right in the
balls and they don't go down come on
Casey
oh did the rock try to wake up he just
wake up they wake him up he was being a
butt-head at church he would not hold
still it was like and then he was like
Craig crawled underneath all the aisles
and went to the very front and like
popped up as like oh no he was like so
proud of himself and he like duck behind
the benches and like nobody was
listening to the lesson because everyone
was watching him you know like he was
like the center of attention
this looks good dude I like these
we just bought these at what color were
they Casey just regular would just one
anyway so we're doing this is one take
sunday or one take sunday video and i
say something cute fun I'm shooting
funny that case looks good with your
face that case looks good with your face
great thanks did you see her case next
to her face case it's a case did you see
that case next to your face the case
next to my face cuz my name is case holy
what a race they should have a race to
see even get the case next to their face
yeah
well in that case what are we talking
about hey Brit starred what are you
doing on the on the thing you thing you
that bike yeah how we do there's a
chameleon oh we did yeah we need to get
these bushes trimmed back to a little
bit Casey let's have our fire pit
tonight dude I buy it I got this for you
because I knew you were gonna miss the
outdoors and camping yeah you want to
make some s'mores oh boy oh boy we sure
can
I'm SuperDuper excited now are you ready
mommy tarde I'm ready now what is this
by golly wilikers
there we go okay these cherish dudes
good guy see I don't know how she get
camping chairs but you see more
substantial they're there they're
definitely there all right
well me and my hairdo I just told
mommy's are like feel like I'm like Teen
Wolf I felt like I'm like the lion from
The Wizard of Oz I feel like I could
have this main around my face like with
my hair and my big return I look at my
profile I feel like I literally I'm
about to turn into a werewolf
well this hair it's freaking me out man
and I can like see my beard in my
profession it smells like there's this
big beaver trying to sneak up on whoa
whoa whoa whoa easy there but it's my
beard and it makes you self-conscious
because I'm like I can see my own beard
how big must it look to everybody else
big cuz it is a big hairy man
listen I'm basically try not to eat any
food so I can get down to 200 pounds and
shave this thing it's drawn me that's
not nice yeah but I think I'm gonna
shave it totally I think I'm gonna bake
it really get off totally fresh and
you're like a big boy yeah I think I
want to shave my head and then like
bleach my hair blond like shave it like
a quarter inch and then bleach my hair
honey funny I would like to see like the
difference
yeah wouldn't it would be crazy yeah cuz
I used to do that
we both Casey used to buy half of his
hair what would you do like the bottom
Utz I did it half of it blonde and then
the bottom black my friend did the same
this way the other way pretty awesome we
set trends back then Church I remember
going to church in Kasey's in a white
shirt and tie with bright purple hair
and used to paint his fingernails to
like black what remember that I dyed my
hair I never painted me you did too I
would never paint my toenails
alright would take Sunday we're having a
fire pit and we're building beds and
spray-painting stuff and there's eight
hundred children you know the normal
normal stuff rock guard nice ball you
got there uh-huh
get yourself a ball baby try to get some
bubbles throw some bubbles at us we want
to see a cue bubbles let's give us right
in the face blow some bubbles you
remember the very first time that you
just like played with like saw a bubble
I'm saying to think if I do oh yeah that
was sweet we went to when we wouldn't
film with James Blunt there's this guy
in Central Park that was blowing these
bubbles that were like 10 feet wide and
then he let the kids do it - that was
sweet
we like what James Blunt in one of the
bubbles and he floated away he's like
yeah beautiful as you was floating away
what are you ready for KC I just saw you
trip when you stub your toe oh so
there's the time to start building it
alright gotta go guys that helped build
this about this bed was a belt
first idea these are working please
working close all right here we go
see you guys tomorrow bye we'll take
Sunday let it out
