Oh
five 44 and that's not in the PM that's
for sure the old dear had more I was
like we're going deer hunt a serum
everyone you used to work at steel mill
have to get up really early go to work
well it's your first day in Los Angeles
we got a 6:00 a.m. call time whew yeah I
was excited we're going to shoot a video
right now for Foot Locker and it is 6:00
a.m. tomorrow Brett will kill you on
your channel again we're eating mango
breakfast and we're headed to go play
dodgeball with the totally sketch crew
it's early
yawn I actually feel pretty good I went
to bed at nine eight nine 9 p.m. last
night bro went to bed at 3 in the
morning
I've got like two hours cuz he's a big
dummy head he's gonna be eight life
today sucker ha ha ha
swoosh swoosh swoosh ooh is that your
shot take a bro oh oh yeah we played
dodgeball forgot I was all basketball
doubt ready ready to go who caught it
you're out huh excited just tagged Brad
as hard as you can
that have been good if you swooshed it
oh okay we're going to try a trick watch
this white boys can't dunk dunk
5-footers do it off my face now hey hey
I got your gift it's your channel it's
called Shaytards here say hey thanks hi
oh I like it it's brand new
hahahaha
all right enough of this joking around
so we're getting ready to shoot this got
our dodge ball set out and they're
getting ready to film it's gonna be a
fun time so getting centered shot right
now
all right okay so this is for Foot
Locker promotional video that we're
doing it's an interactive Omar pollo
it's an interactive dodgeball video that
it's gonna be up in a while but they're
actually just did or what a story the
first one with the basketball I'll put a
link down below it's know that
footlocker video check it out it's
pretty funny
hey Bronson face hey Bronstein
hey Bronk see how you've been doing
today oh you gonna let me play with you
tonight proxy Oh chitter-chatter
fighter Malik how you gonna let him do
that he's fighting her he's biting your
sisters he's biting her you better stay
away let me just know your genitals oh
I'm gonna bite you oh I'm sorry absorb
hey case hi what are you doing dog
retired Oh long day huh shooting them
YouTube videos ain't easy tell us about
it well woke up too early what time we
get up
I got a 5 I got up at 4:55 and then went
shot a video all day long no it's 7
o'clock 8 inner tired yeah what oh ok
let's come on a little inappropriate
dude it's like highway robbery over here
naked baby on a skateboard I said
there's a nigga baby on the skid oh yeah
it's totally like I am submissive to you
what's for dinner tonight mommy guard
looks delicious pork chops and
applesauce
I'm sorry doll is that good gage you
like it yeah yummy
baby turn you eaten yours you got your
nice fancy eating dress on glad to see
the rear you rocked I was so excited
these guys honest babies are donkeys up
here you want chicken the chicken I have
no idea we love kicking the wood
all right baby tard we won that we
wanted to come here tonight because this
isn't that this is an intervention
what thumbs warming your thumbs
there was only more baby tard this is an
intervention we all came here tonight
because we love you and we're very
concerned about your addiction to
sucking your thumb which which some D's
which one do you like the suck best left
to right what the left see you're
left-handed all right can you can you
explain to us baby turn explain to us
what's the psychology behind it
listen you know hey hey let me ask you a
question how old are you right now how
old are you tomorrow
3 how old are you gonna be tomorrow she
said like I can't believe I'm getting so
old she was like oh oh oh it's so old I
can't believe it when baby Jerry what is
your birthday
yeah when it's not your 19th August 19th
you know today is yeah today is August
18th
so tomorrow realization
I'm getting presents tomorrow I'm
getting presents tomorrow she just
realized her birthday's tomorrow you
guys saw that in front of your face you
just saw that realization she just
realized Oh
birthdays are pretty freaking awesome
I'm so glad it's mine tomorrow I've been
talking about baby chart what do you
want for your birthday it's tomorrow
you told me what do you how do you offer
your house AB IV antibiotic a within the
Barbie son listen ask me a question I
even understand them ask you a question
I will listen I think if you're if you
turn four and you're a good girl if you
stop sucking your thumb on your fourth
birthday then maybe you'll get a Barbie
and and a Barbie house what do you think
about that Barbie huh funny and a Barbie
but here's the rule you have to stop
sucking your thumb will you agree with
that yes you promise yes you promise
okay I'm ready here if I catch you tell
them rock birds are you're having a
camera
Oh baby time it's your birthday tomorrow
lease an apartment okay kneel down
it's an affair okay portrait down that
word - a coward a coward in sight right
just editing which by the way I don't
want to do a faster slow-mo cuz it was
so sweet with the prayer I just wanted
to leave it as is
anyways on a different note tell me
about this colonic does this happen
wait right now I don't want any so if
you guys are all we're talking about
click shayloss shame may get a colonic
which involves you but click to find out
by say I love you bye
