you need to be nice it's Brock's turn to
pick my chin
Jed yeah no it's not your turn yes no
what do you want to what frozen you told
me you wanted to watch frozen earlier
you do know I know my goodness you guys
you can see the fog rolling out this
morning what's so bright can you see how
is a magical foggy morning I love the
way it looks outside like just this
blanket and Gavin's been watching
princess best of Princess hard videos
yeah my sweetheart oh look I see you now
oh yeah you know it's a bright beautiful
foggy morning what are you going to do
today hey guys so I forgot to vlog my
Mother's Day stuff I got this shirt this
Nike shirt and these leggings and these
shoes I got a bunch of workout gear I'm
excited about it Shay and I are going to
start running for training oh I think
for a marathon how am I going to do that
I'm not gonna lie I'm a little bit
scared about it but I want it so I'm
going to I'm going to do it that's just
all there is to it even if I have to
walk half the way that will happen but
that's okay anyways I'm making lunch for
the boys they're trying to watch a movie
and you know Mother's Day for a lot of
moms can be a day where we kind of feel
uh just like crap we feel guilty because
we hear about all the wonderful mothers
out there and the cars and it's like you
started to feel like can I live up to
this am i this kind of mom like I think
most moms know or feel that they could
be doing better but they really
shouldn't because it's hard being a mom
and they should always just be proud of
what they're doing so I had a moment
today that's the reason why I'm saying
this by Adam
today that I was like I didn't take the
boys to school so now we're just
watching movies so that I can get some
work done and I feel a little bit guilty
but you know what I'm not going to feel
guilty about it
they're gonna pick out a movie I made
them lunch and then I'm gonna go get
some bills paid and all that junk that
has to get done at some point yes the
big debate is always what do we want to
watch and these two can never agree so
what do you want to watch textin oh my
goodness what is up with the light it is
so right but didn't you tell hey you
don't throw them or you can't watch
anything there we go why is it so bright
anyways it's just cause it's so
beautiful outside we are you need to be
nice it's Brock's turn to pick no it's
not your turn yes nope what do you want
to what I was frozen
you told me you wanted to watch frozen
earlier you do know he told me earlier
you wanted to watch the frozen he was I
hate frozen now he says does a bad movie
okay let's put the weapons away I love
you Wow let me help you so you don't
hurt yourself
thank you alright your sandwiches are
ready ready to eat
so I guess what I'm trying to say is all
your mothers out there take that
mother's guilt and throw it in the trash
can because you don't need it and you
are good enough and you're doing your
best and you're doing a great job so
just put a smile on your face
he does sandwich and have a good day hmm
yeah I'm gonna go get some work done
okay we have a minute birthday cards I
didn't give you bless Brock's heart he
brought this in from the car he hid
these since we bought them and he's been
saving them for you really
from Brock all right you gonna give them
to her let's see it go ahead these are
from Brock and mom they were actually in
a vlog previous but you haven't seen
them this is definitely Brock's card
happy birthday a via do you like it give
Brock a hug
rock that was really nice to you he
saved those cards and hid them for you
okay what's the next run the possible
hey Taylor Swift birthday cards thank
you everybody
love you yeah you know get any more
presents love you to me ah
really who's it usually you're really
gonna be by then I roll up okay bye guys
oh it's a ball yeah
can I say something and it's really cool
your pizzas gonna be well combitube
below and watch another trick video bye
bye everybody bye my goodness you guys
you see how blustery it is out there
there keeps coming these big giant gusts
that almost make you feel like the trees
are gonna fall over it's exciting
alright we're making dinner I was gonna
make beef stew but guys my purse was bad
I hate when I do that when I buy it and
I we leave it in the fridge and then we
end up not using it for a few days and
no it's sad hey start what is going on
you have to take turns buddy
okay Brock let let him try it please
it's his singing on a per-person is come
on this is part of being a parent you
have to deal with power struggle always
show your power struggle what it is
yours and you can take turns anyways so
I'm making chicken tacos instead of beef
choux which is equally as amazing I love
chicken all right dude just look at
these clouds for a second whoa will slow
down focus please Avia tone to focus
thank you
did you have a math test today you did
you did how do you know why fits on a
computer they should be able to grade it
right away this is conspiracy I tell you
did you do good on it
what okay you can are we going to swing
swing time
spring has sprung kind of I'm feeling
hail or rain first let's know I would
not be surprised if it snowed like two
or three inches you never know up here
in Idaho but look how green it is yeah I
need to shave my beard oh me oh my miss
moly miss Kali is that James the cat
what are you doing up here
hey love you come here let me hold you
my love you have missed you did you miss
me
wanna come swing with us this is the
best catgirl it's hailey now you see
this okay she come back what did you
bury tell him look at this hail and wind
sickle okay let's run it's gonna snow I
think it's because look it's hailing or
snowing run run down the pathway child
the weather is coming disappointment he
didn't get a nap today
so he's eating his chocolate is almost
falling asleep as he's eating it his
hair so long
Paxton hi buddy
are you sleepy you're so cute
want to go lay down
okay Wow
the earth is happening
the earth is a lie wait you're coming
back what happened oh they're gonna be
cold just like us in a few seconds the
malleolus eqo is standing by our side
anyway this one Zeke is crazy never go
summer which around here practicing for
the next time I go skydiving good job oh
my goodness
Gavin driving the motorcycle Carter
okay everybody made it up it's a swing
session
Rufus Magoo ffice broccolis Gavin in the
boots giving everybody a shove it stops
snowing briefly up your legs broccolis
was it hey lemme okay I thought it was
snow for a second but apparently we got
some meteorologists in the family my
front pressure high attitude come front
coming through what's going on over here
we saw you guys kissed I just got that
on camera I putting you guys on the news
James get it get it get it kitty I saw
you kiss Zeke you can't deny it
I'll putting you on the news putting you
on the CMT ed Bassmaster show but no
we're having a good time as a family I
don't care if you have hypothermia make
move your body more oh that's why you
want to go in their house we'll just
tell me the truth don't make up a lie if
you're not cold just say I want to go
see gage don't make some up some lie
that's not true is that the truth
No then always tell the truth okay don't
make up a fake reason I love you you go
knock on the door and see what gage is
doing
I knew Brock was lying because he never
gets cold he's just he would want to
stay out here and swing but he was like
oh can I go into their house cuz I'm
cold he pushed me I pushed you forever
now it's my turn oh that's not this
snuggle pushing is there such thing as
cuddle swing ready to go hi yeah ready
I'm gonna throw the camera catch you you
guys ready it's starting to snow again
oh hey wine-shop Hey
sorry guys I dropped you okay yeah yeah
on the swing of his life you haven't
helped me yeah you're strong sorry geez
pushed me on a circle swinging is a
great workout
you guys are looking for new workout
ideas go to a local park and just swing
as high as you can for 20 minutes but in
the abs buys tries back and that's what
she tries for your back muscles yeah you
I don't tell my soccer game I mean did
you did it's tense sick time oh yeah Rob
do a good deed see that di gold you
bully me no good goalie good goalie and
accents doing somersaults
don't hit the baby does not getting in
tonight that's the ticket man just lay
down
this is pandemonium seriously go get
there by the goal good kick by Brack
Oh what is it 8 to 9 why you guys are
coming back with a vengeance
Jackson don't fall off of there please
oh yeah fuck you swimming hole
hey whoa nice jump
watch out for the baby sword fighting
oh my god winning point wow Daxton this
is getting intense what do you think
about all this hey alright here we go
yet no nice no
like in bed bedtime you win yes well to
be quite honest if you made it to this
part of the vlog then you are a die-hard
Shaytards viewer because today's vlog
was long and loud and obnoxious like I
was editing it and just like the wind
and the screaming two-year-olds and just
the loudness of the Shaytards in general
was really off the charts today so I got
to apologize but there's days like that
there's days when the boys don't get
along and the wind blows you just gotta
struggle through those days you know
what I'm saying thanks for watching
anyhow seriously if you made it this far
to the end slate can be bounce I love
you guys give me thumbs up say what's up
to me say bounce back in the comments if
you're listening to this right now
then I'll know ok let you guys we'll see
you tomorrow click on that Shaytards
numeric face that you want to see what
were the shade hearts doing exactly on
this day five years ago a half a decade
ago what was his family doing you can
click on little dachshund face a little
number 5 right there and go find out
eight years what were they do when eight
years ago today well we weren't filming
long ago but almost but seven years you
can definitely go see exactly what we're
doing on this day seven years ago click
on it all right let me go see you guys
tomorrow once again bye-bye
