oh say
car
Oh
good morning everybody what are you
doing baby time 30 feet you're gonna
read those okay read them all front to
back I expect a full report when you're
finished ah boy you're in started off
them okay we are at Casey and Haley's
new house and if you guys had
smellivision you would be able to tell
it is not smell good in here because the
refrigerator there was some meat in the
refrigerator that yeah if you can just
imagine what happens when he has not
kept hold it stunk so bad so Shane daddy
came over and they cleaned it all out
they put baking soda in it but they put
incense in it too and now it smells even
weirder in here so we got a new friend
Jill so we got a new fridge and we are
waiting for it today what happened today
was I was supposed to be in the shoot
that Shane KCK oh eight hours and tartar
in today but unfortunately the place
that they're filming at will not let you
in without a photo ID and guess what I
lost my photo ID on this last trip that
we took I cannot find it anywhere so I
can't be on the show so anyway I'm here
watching the kids waiting for the
refrigerator guys and it was funny this
morning
kids were all crashed they would not
wake up they were so tired because they
stayed up so late you know how kids do
you're gonna like God doesn't go to
sleep nearly so tired in the morning
they're playing their lap and they're
with their cousins so they did not go to
sleep this morning they were so tired
they wouldn't wake up so I had to bribe
them a little bit does that make me a
bad mom I said hey guys if you get up
and get in the car right now you're
gonna have a popsicle for breakfast and
they jumped up and there ran downstairs
and got right in the car and I was like
it works so popsicles for breakfast guys
it's not the breakfast of champions but
it worked to get the kids in the car
probably not something I'll do every
morning but maybe maybe it'll be my new
thing I don't know all right
let's wait for the refrigerator guys
come on that's another thing it's like
they give you a window like when you buy
it you know a new furniture whatever
they give you a window of like okay
we'll be there between 8 a.m. and noon
so I get up you know early get the kids
all here by 8 a.m. but they may not get
here till like 11:30 does that drive you
guys crazy I know it's frustrating I
mean I know they have to be able to get
everybody in and some appointments might
take longer than the others but
sometimes it's a little stressful they
have to wait around for like three hours
that's how we doing you're giving me a
band-aid thank you thank you
busy Rock turn space you took a little
crash yesterday and tripped in the
backyard how do you know oh thank you
what are you doing watch out watch out
what are you doing
are you supposed to be doing at Emmaus
yeah yeah who's Ed me are you in charge
of the house yes really
yeah you're helping me servant I'm a
servant on the helper servant
okay well the helper servant says get
the bikes out of the house
does that count count oh honey I got
some bad news for you you won't be the
queen of the house and tell you by your
Bronx and rocked harder having their
first introduction to each other and so
far it's a lovely relationship sometimes
they fight sometimes they go along it's
gonna be that way the rest of their
lives
I can just tell is that right you like
Bronte mommy's going to bed right okay
get in my face oh okay fine are you
throwing up yet come here baby boy
what are you doing garbage
that's Braley's clothes where are you
gonna take it I think Bronx is gonna
help you
Bronx is gonna help you he's so helpful
with the clothes yeah aren't you the
king of the club promisee pads is king
of the pillows he is 950 and they just
pulled up so we didn't have to wait
quite quite as long as I thought we
would have to but they're here I don't
know if it jumped or oh it's no Prince
we're lucky because it fit just
perfectly she doesn't even measure what
size we need it so we were like oh I
open pits
he's got a good eyeball and he could
tell that what the here it is
isn't it beautiful don't you love it
bronzy pants don't you love it it's
empty but it's beautiful and it smells
much better when they were willing out
the old one started dripping stuff from
the bottom of the fridge and it was so
so what I'm doing with the cameras are
you guys when they were willing at the
old one it was dripping like just dirty
water stuff and get it stunk so bad like
rotten meat dead carcass look disgusting
so I'm gonna clean the floor and then
we're gonna head back over to our house
all right how are you doing do you love
your new puppy dogs he's very loving the
dog just attacked me
delicious I'm not sure if he's chasing
his own tail or trying to bite you so
mom either way it's funny hey I really
like Bronx he reminds me of Malachi when
he was a puppy yes he's big sloppy feet
and he trips over him sometimes
that's what Malachi did when he was a
puppy so cute so we just need lunch and
I said the kids outside to eat their
lunch and I walked
where are the kids and I think they may
be a little high what are you guys doing
movie theaters way cool movie theater
down to closet with a lampshade and
electric blanket and they're just
enjoying the floor as their movie
theater adorable I love you what are you
watching
so we just finished lunch and we had to
put the dog in Casey and Kaylie's room
during lunch somebody wouldn't eat the
kids food and I heard him tearing up a
bag in there somewhere just gonna go
look and see what he does tried sorry
guys kids and Kayla if you're watching
this it wasn't my fault okay it was Ron
t money and no one ah okay it's not that
bad he just tore open the back to the
towels I think we're okay it was just a
plastic bag there it is I have to admit
though I was nervous I'm like oh crap
what's he doing in there but on the
other hand I think Bronx has made it
very clear how he feels about Republican
that's exactly how he felt he has
destroyed her oh that is the true
definition of a rat's nest but she shot
a rat Kim what are you screaming at what
is screaming up oh my god trying to slip
off oh okay well flip away just don't
hurt yourself I'm not going to the
hospital today
okay Bronte oh yes yes that Rapunzel
mister favorite toy to chew on I'm
supposed to give you this but I think
you've already destroyed it enough we'll
just have to buy a new one what'd you
find what'd you find
did you find a pillow it's like I don't
know but it's so cool I love it
hey hey rock-hard I'm gonna say
something to the camera
no here's the story with the fridge they
came installed it apparently we ordered
it to be switched like the hinges let me
show you we ordered the hinge to be
switched from that side to that side and
apparently the guy installing it said
you have to order a different hinge I'm
like oh okay well they should have
brought that because we put out on the
order but anyway they didn't we didn't
get it switched she said they would have
to order it in and redo the order bla
bla bla
I can't all stores locked right Karl bla
bla bla bla and I'll just run this
together and doesn't sound good and I
don't flow but that's what you get so I
was looking through the manual and I saw
that you just have to take the hinge and
flip it over even though it looks
different on the other side you can
still use this hinge for the other side
you don't have to order a new hinge so I
knew more than the Home Depot guys I had
to call them back they're supposed to
come back out and redo it or I could
just do it myself because apparently I
know what I'm talking about right I
don't but I like to think I do so
they're gonna come back out and switch
it and then the refrigerator will open
properly and it will be all better and
it doesn't stink anymore now is the
roughest game of peekaboo
oh that all about crazy tard do you have
ants in your pants notice how they just
ignore me mom is just another figment of
their imagination what a nice collection
of money chopping spiders and a battery
and a battery awesome
looks like you're prepared where you
gonna go okay you're gonna go color what
are you gonna color with the battery
with good job come on mom get with the
picture it closed by itself that's a
mysterious box tell me how did you get
in that box baby I don't think I could
fit in there should I try to fit in
there do you guys think I could fit in
that box okay I have to do
I'm weird what else you gonna tell him
why don't you for a minute and this is
my room I'm sure given what box what you
know her name no friends well I wish I
went to it Oh where's is she do you guys
hear Oh Sarah huh
maybe she's under that box let's see
welcome home to your new house what do
you think you do don't lie do you like
it does she love it
you guys been chatting about all the
moves you got a lot of stuff to put away
just got it all moved in yeah 18 candles
burning Casey's got 18 glasses on his
face what is going on out here so this
is tasty and Kaylie's and really engages
new house and this is the crew this is
gonna be the new crew here that's pretty
Stark
oh we brought to bring Malachi we
shoulda brought mark i hmm
this is wrong cuz everybody everybody
meet bronx he's a cutie little puppy I
can't wait for him and Malachi to play
your fairy marker
with her Malachi's he's gonna be a big
boy he's just like he's like 10 weeks
old and he's already that big he's a
bear call disease it's 13
oh right in the nut tolas he was born on
the same day and age was not honest oh
oh my baby knocked down by a dog and
almost ran over by a Sun tarde he's
still contemplating crying baby look boy
has a new friend stay stay stay Malachi
stay stay
he's scared of you look Malachi you made
him scare - you gotta be nice you can't
play so rough stay no stay Malachi lie
down Malachi lie down lie down Malachi
lie down stay stay good boy no stay he's
so timid look at him oh I think I gota I
don't know if I do okay oh please
promise oh no I don't think I want to do
it oh you guys gotta promise me you
won't make any sudden movements
I'm gonna say no Malachi you do not stay
big meanie you big meanie
she's so scared
he's nice Bronx okay be nice to know
what we make in mom tardes golf the
bills
let me see qual Sevilla's Wow
me Bronx e Malachi me sucks Bronx meet
Malachi yes shake hands and he barked
look at amis soap please suck here look
at me I'm just chill bro I'm chill sniff
your genitalia blows Oh big deal
come on cut you one little sniff bro
oh no these no your breath just cool
buddy I'll give you some space
I needed some space okay I'm coming back
bro you ready now just let that leg up
all right don't be scared
yeah yeah hey you watching all this dog
behavior going on huh get touching any
pointers got any tips when eating there
what is that macaroni and cheese there's
been a starving baby I guess huh here's
the hungry except for the last two days
he's woke up at 6 a.m.
Kaylee had her first minor accident in
Los Angeles I thought somebody hit you
as they drove by I don't know I was like
what doesn't explain why that goes down
really and scraped your your running
boards is this a case of Illinois don't
have to I should be wearing it more
often I haven't been wearing it well you
say that now that all your stops moved
it patient we're in an end slate right
now I'm trying out this new like post-it
note on steroids type thing it's cool
you can click on them click quick thanks
