oh say
car
Oh
all right good morning today is a big
day indeed a big day indeed it's totally
a big busy day I just got to remember to
get the camera out because we're gonna
be so busy doing so many things today so
many appointments like seriously it's
like I have 12 arms and it's only 9:08
a.m. we are usually so laying in bed
right now you've already weighed in
today and we already had a weigh in
today
bad news guys I went up how much did I
gain Bret no here's the thing I want to
explain myself a little the scale that I
was on in when we were in Long Beach
when I weighed in on that scale at the
Holiday and right before me in case we
were gonna fly home I felt like it was
inaccurate cuz like when I weighed
myself and I said I was 225 I was like
oh way 9.6 pounds in a week is huge I
thought well I had been walking all day
like five or six miles a day at all up
lose and sweaty maybe I did lose 9.6
pounds but I don't think I did but the
thing is it's frustrating because I did
probably lose like 6 pounds so I wish it
would have been accurate because this
week I gained 3 so I was I at 228 point
2 which is which is still and below 230
which is amazing for me to be below 230
last time I weighed 230 this was forever
ago if anybody remembers me and my buddy
Adam James he was one of the radio DJs
that I worked at at C 103 he did the
show right before mine anyways we had I
even have to check in my pocket still we
bet $500 and here's how we did the bet
we both wrote each other a $500 check so
we both had our checks and I wrote mine
to Adam James and he wrote his to mine
shape to me che Butler so he switched
checks I still have his check in my
pocket this is like three years ago so
the goal was whoever lost 20% of their
body weight first got to cash the other
guys check well the bet like never
really ended up happening and I still
have his check in my pocket as you don't
cash it Adam James if you're watching
I'm gonna go catch your $500 check I
know so cuz I was like bigger than him
and I remember when we weighed in at his
apartment in Idaho I was like 230
something and this was like three years
ago so now I'm 228 I'm lighter than I
was then
I'm doing good I'm saying I feel good I
feel like I'm on track even though I
gained a couple pounds it doesn't affect
me like I know I can lose those pounds
by the end of today I did I said if I
gain weight I'm gonna make a video every
day on the shayloss channel I did gain
way so I'm gonna make a video every day
that just gonna be one take of me
vlogging maybe we're gonna go surfing
Ron will you want to go surfing tomorrow
yeah Ron's gonna never ever surf
yeah you want to come boogie boarding
Ron there's this girl who works at maker
studios who's a surf teacher and she's
gonna be working with mom mommy tired on
a few things and she's gonna teach us
how to surf I think we're gonna go do
that tomorrow so if you guys want to see
that I'm going to shayloss and subscribe
here we go we're going hangout with
Shira Lazar on the set of what's trendy
let's go
technically no General Electric all over
the country checking out cool game
technology everything weights I am you
notice you talking about I actually I
was telling about way down here I'm
going for like the ugliest guess I told
my hobbies I'm not gonna shave my beard
or my hair's like they've out of two
hundred pounds so it's like they're
exactly under 225 pounds looks like it's
just like they're like but what I would
really love to see this candidates do
live shows like I'm like I know that the
presidential candidates they have a
million guys around I can be careful
I've seen this stuff say this but I you
like our generation like to see Kennedy
was like willing right let's do a live
show
let's hop on Ustream I'll just read the
comments as they come in and what you
want
so just finished my part what straining
show no Morgan Spurlock
they're tied by his memory no kina
grannis you guys know Mathura kina
grannis is over there I'm about to get
org as soon as this bit is over they
likely hordedef earlier because we're
going to sneeze in vomiting for this
tournament and I'm here with Joe she's
on the show with Miri like fighting
about poor
so serious so funny it was funny other
would have loved worse have it moved
like all of you are wrecking I was like
you guys can watch the show I'll put a
link down you can come to the what's
trendy website and watch the show even
if you missed a live cuz a nice trip
they put on the website that links below
for guys go check it out yeah
show number one done finished with the
what's trending show there's a lot of
fun when it said something good it's one
of those things that just happens so
fast like whoa what did I say was it
funny was i stupid did I think button
too much tailored um my mouth dog drives
I was like nervous I grabbed my before I
used to wrestle or like run
cross-country might get like cottonmouth
and they had water there for me I was
like so glad they had this cup of water
but I drank it all in like the first two
minutes and then I still had cottonmouth
was like hey bar water right here on
watch one yeah farm turn right up Barham
Boulevard right now we're heading to
Lynette is that her name Lynette Corolla
we talked to you guys about this
yesterday's video but we're going to
their podcast right now if you don't
know who she is Adam Corolla oh just
kidding check out that bad boy that is
there are these Adam Carolla's cars
underneath the tire oh wow man these are
sweet gt350 dude these are nice not
touch the cars kids you'll cut your arms
off what here we are at the podcast on
your name's Adam Carolla's you're
gorgeous by the way you have a really
good personality your credit score's
like over 700 it's really it's really so
we're here doing the podcast check out
their show we already actually talked
about you guys last night we showed your
website yeah we got on your website on
the parent experiment and we showed us
so there's a link you guys below go
click on it I'm not talking to you radio
people I'm talking to you video people
will watch these guys are funny they
cuss you don't get mad
they've only cussed once today though
five dollars we got a five we got a
swear jar that we have no I would owe
her like a thousand dollars a day
okay our two shows are done now we just
ran back home to drop the family off
Bret is uploading another video as we
speak and eating his lunch and I am
headed right now to go to a meeting with
tweaked Footwear talk about the shake
Carl shoes got any requests on what you
want on the shoe but my dog had bad bad
burger back garden white of the weight
loss very awful other disgust no the
summit himself out there excited look at
him you just out there laying in the Sun
why does he lay on the mattress there's
a mattress right there but he'd rather
lay on the sidewalk I think is of their
son's dinner he likes the warmness he's
mr. Knab target and his old age he's
retired he just lays her out most stairs
just chilling out I just fed him to by
the way right you got my keys my truck
and they cupboard like next to the sugar
okay guys you know what's exciting all
right guess who's coming tomorrow guess
who's moving here tomorrow Casey levere
and his family my brother his family are
moving to Los Angeles tomorrow can you
freaking believe it I can't believe it
that's insane so we've said if I hang
out with them more than you do
yes best friend of course go subscribe
to my freaking brothers they brother
we're making a ton of it is together bye
guys we'll head up to the meeting okay
guys let's go to this meeting hey guys
Here I am at the meeting I've we've had
a crazy day together haven't we we've
already been to two shows now we're here
at tweak foot we're right here and we're
discussing the shaycarl shoe so here's
some submissions that you guys you guys
got this off of my facebook application
okay so you guys know I've been putting
down in my pants a link to go check out
or to submit ideas for the shaycarl shoe
so we're here right now trying to decide
how we want it I want it to look what we
want on the shoe and we already have all
these suggestions that you guys have
sent in you know have it's a PDF and P
pictures of the family you know
threatened links
had their faces on the right one I love
how it's right with red and left with Li
little things like that or genius you
guys remember a long time ago this is
the shoe that I bought a Breton Lake
shoe has a list nice little pick holder
in it and this flips up gonna flips down
my friend he loves rhett and Link and I
went to this golf tournament and he
ended up taking the golf tournament
badge and putting my name in because I
was wearing these shoes at the golf
tournament so he put my little thing as
a che Butler like in the back of this
and he made me wear it at those purple
tee open so now we're here trying to
figure out what we want the shaycarl
shoe to look like and we want your
guys's help your suggestions let me
first tell you what I want and then you
guys can kind of like suggest ideas I
want something that's simple that you
can wear to school that it's not like
super nerdy that has like my giant face
on it as what I'm saying I love this
shoe design I bought a pair of supras a
little while ago these guys actually
helped design supras which is doubly
impressive but I love a shoe like this
you guys I think a little like on the
back here you would have liked this
image you know like a little shaycarl
logo with the SC and a half just right
here on the back and then maybe
something on the side or the front what
I'm trying to say is I don't want my
face or my name on it a ton of times
what do you guys think submit ideas
submit pictures if you guys are
designers or if any of you can you know
do some of this stuff or like get on
here and recreate some of this we'll
take your submissions and we'll run with
them we'll really use them if we like
and what we think they're good so like I
said link in my pants go check out their
Facebook link and kind of have that idea
in my minimal shaycarl branding just a
little bit you know we could do
something inside you know we could put
mommy tard in there maybe put the kids
names or something on the inside but on
the outside like I said I just wanted
minimal so what do you guys think leave
comments below what you think what do
you guys think it's gonna be sweetness
it's gonna be rock and roll we're
waiting for you
yes we want your guys that's you ever
ever and then we got all these other
shoes this is Timothy they all I got I
was look at all these youtubers Charles
Trippy shoes right there the CTFxC s
wheezy waiter got his shoe I didn't even
know this there's little alligators
because of the alligator pinch you guys
know that in wheezy waiters shoe is now
plus can I show this shoe I'm pumped
about this this is one thing that I said
to tweek when they first called me said
hey I'm sure you want to make a shoe and
I'm like I don't want to because rhett
and Link made the coolest shoe there is
and I feel like my shoe won't be as cool
as theirs and I won't want to promote it
because it won't be as cool as rhett and
leaks you this is Rhett and Link's new
shoe how freakin sweet is that and
apparently they were wearing this at
VidCon I told these guys I want one of
these ASAP and I want it for 40 I'm not
paying for it so look at this rattling
can they where can they get this are
these available yet yeah tweek Footwear
calm free promotion check them out I'm
getting me a pair of these ASAP so we
got to come up with a cooler shoe than
rhett and Link you guys that's our goal
come on let's do this okay so leave
comments below we're gonna talk some
more and more business and figure out
the right shoe for us so check it out
after the fall oh you washed away the
shame you washed away all the shame
Pacific Ocean yeah
yeah the Hat take that stupid oh hey
guys what's going on it's time for a
little break so here I am in Hermosa
Beach I believe or Redondo Beach or so
Oh whoo baby oh baby that's cool
I'm at the beach I'm right next to the
beach because the tweaked footwear
offices are right here I literally
walked from the meeting I just had at
twig Footwear to the ocean how great is
that
okay you guys so it's official we are
actually gonna have it almost sounds
ridiculous there's gonna be a Shay Carl
shoe you'll be able to buy a shoe if you
want that has my face on it we really do
want your guys's suggestions I was
talking about all the other shoes they
did for the other youtubers like rhett
and Link Olga Kay Timothy DeLaGhetto
Charles Trippy wheezy waiter
DeStorm all these other youtubers
they've already built the shoe for that
the coolest thing about it is all of you
guys have suggested ideas for these
different shoes I'm gonna tell you this
right now I'm gonna have final say I
want to hear your suggestions I'm gonna
say what I think looks good because I
want to promote this shoe because I like
it not just because it's the shaycarl
shoe I literally want to be able to wear
this shoe because I think it looks good
and I want to wear it on a day-to-day
basis like redlynx you I loved their
shoe that white one I just showed you I
cannot wait so that comes out they said
it's what I gonna be a couple months
they said as soon as they get those oh
they'll give me one for free so you guys
make suggestions like I said I don't
want a lot of shaycarl branding on it I
don't want it to say hey I'm vlogging
here I don't want it to have those
sayings on I want to be very minimal
because I want it to be like I'm saying
a real legit shoe that you would wear
and you'd feel cool wearing it not just
because you're trying to support me you
know what I'm saying so we're trying to
do both things there so make your
suggestions on Facebook to put comments
below or just go to tweaks Facebook
because they're taking all those ideas
and they're incorporating them in their
designs with the people they're working
with so go check it out links below
let's make it cool I really want it to
be a good shoe that I feel good about
that's cool that's cool that's just the
main point it's gotta be cool bro
walking on the food takes all my stress
to zoo it now baby alright today has
been super busy with both those shows
and then the meeting with them like 4:30
it's almost five o'clock but head home
we're gonna go out to Costco so we gotta
we haven't been home for like week and a
half so we gotta buy a bunch of stuff
and Casey and Caylee are coming down
here tomorrow so we're actually gonna go
buy some stuff for them like toilet
paper and milk and you know just a few
things that you need when you first move
in just so they don't have to worry
about it so they get here tomorrow they
can move in and have like you know paper
towels and toilet paper
you know garbage bag stuff like that so
we're gonna kind of go get them stocked
up so when they move there they feel
better about the place death and
crossbones we're at Costco what are
those
you think Riley would like those make
sure like some of those all right let's
give them to our okay guys so it feels
like we're Christmas shopping right now
because Casey and Caylee get here
tomorrow so we're doing is we're gonna
stock up their house for them so that
when they get here like they have things
like a broom and a dustpan and just some
few loaves of bread and cascade like
we're gonna get them you and a punch to
the face in that sentence so we're
getting them stuff like juice and chips
and like Lysol and some sponges and some
air wick island collections so that
their house can smell good some washer
what does that call laundry detergent
it's know so many parts we got some
Febreze cuz you guys know Casey he has
an irritable bowel syndrome other cases
page and just tell them that he's had
that this whole life the spirit of well
it's like he's always pooping his pants
you guys go tell me you can make it
through it ok guys thanks leaks yeah you
got to get it on that cart
oh here you gotta get on the cart
doesn't count you know get on the cart
Kate oh look at that buff dude look at
that buff stood you get two of those
dude we need one more
you fit two under there one for us and
one for them princess start I'm gonna be
impressed if you can get this power
lifting in there oh don't have a hernia
and then she laid for all of her days
you're buff big dinosaurs these carts
turn into these giant heavy dinosaur
cards where it's like uh five hundred
pounds like a barely move it
turn it around Rock chart is in no
laughing mode right now he's not in the
mood
et
it's a healthy snack they're like french
fries okay yeah nope I want stories and
surprisingly shades
it wasn't as much as I thought it was it
was under $400 awesome
