Oh
car
Oh
Oh what are you doing you crazy you're
making a picture teaching her how to
edit see don't turn to ghost baby turns
trying to learn to attract that alright
do you like it girls do you like that
duh be pink or purple pink pink pink
purple oh my god you're white oh my gosh
yeah I'm gonna send out I'm trying it's
a good heart of a try good boy let's
dailybooth that yeah the pillow it's
really cool you're a scary baby all of
it come here I want to look I don't know
inspect to just see all this Center and
I said son tard poop now and he said I
did oh my gosh good young lad I have hey
couldn't be 5 dude did mom tell you to
do it Oh what did mom say okay well
thank you for doing it dude I didn't
even have to ask you I want I saw it
last night and I want you to do it but
you're already in bed but you were
behind you there were some mountains of
dog crap Ola hanging out the job man
makes everybody happier when there's no
dog poop everybody in the world is
happier because you picked that dog poop
up I'm telling you right now it is a
beautiful day out here this is the first
trip encrypter
double rainbow crosses I met that guy um
if you guys know I'm talking about the
double rainbow guy bear I met him at
VidCon it was so cool to see him cool
dude he's just like way cool and chill
today I have a busy day guess who's
coming to town you guys Brian and Vlad
the two dudes from Satara you guys
remember right I'm the spokesperson but
actually the name of the company or the
name of the product is gonna change you
guys i retweeted the other day they had
this like poll of like what they should
call it swivel or there's a swirl and I
think swivel one we're gonna talk to
them about that today they're coming
here and we're gonna talk because
they're having that made they've already
been over to China and they've already
been meeting with the manufacturer who
are building the actual tripod so it's
really happening so it's gonna be cool
they're gonna come here today we're out
to lunch and just talk about it so you
guys can all know about it we're just
gonna tell you as this products being
built exciting cool they're coming
choice of words right we are not drunk
right now
so these are the guys there's Brian and
Vlad they made it how was the flight you
guys are in San Francisco so it's like
an hour so what are we talking about
guys all right I love your new product
the flower flower
good job Heavenly Father they're here
we're about to lunch we're gonna talk
about the product are we talking like
you guys were just in China how long ago
so you're going back yeah yeah we'll be
there in two weeks and then about once a
month till the end of the year Wow yeah
and so there have they already started
building them or they're it's like
you're designing it now or getting close
to a point where they tool it which is
where they make the equipment that mass
manufactures the plastic part so we're
real close to that milestone
and you like that you like the developer
or whatever the product the printer
manufacturer is really cool and is it
gonna be swivel we don't know yet so
yeah that's a strong early early leader
in the poll right quite done with it do
you want them to go vote what's where
can they go check it out we do yeah well
we'll post links on our YouTube page and
we'll post links in her Facebook page so
people can go take a look at that
all right there's gonna be links
everywhere you get it thanks Brett put
some links do some links somewhere so
we're go out to lunch talk about it it's
cool if you haven't if you don't know
what I'm talking about if you haven't
been watching my videos long enough
there's they're making a tripod that
literally like follows you like you
could put the flip camera like just oh
Brett put a little bit of the footage
what those the things gonna be right now
came by with this Atari you just set up
the camera add the marker and then it
follows your action see you'll never
need Brett the intern to hold the camera
again yeah this is a busy road right
Harris is super busy got to be careful
okay yeah stay in the bike lane bro hey
I like your boat here that looks pretty
gorgeous there's so many of us let's see
your dad's let's do you guys dance Oh
with the cart well oh snap
she's a dancing queen I taught him that
one oh great
mommy tired what did I do did I teach
some of that dance move I think it's
kind of funny I think you're kind of
beautiful in fact I'm gonna tell you
this I'm gonna say this out loud I would
kiss you right on the lips square on the
lips I like those earrings too
you're hot piece of work you know that
you're a beautiful young woman from your
head to your toe who those saddles are
ugly did the Mohawks looking great bro
Thanks purse you're so sweet are you
guys ready let's go eat some curry still
dancin I want to shop here at the party
rental store alright come on let's go
you too sleepy time for the Malachi he's
sleeping on his yellow pillow cause he's
a cute puppy Dubi Dubi look at his leg
he's like hog cuddled up that's the
thing about Malachi and Great Danes in
general a lot of people think like oh
he's gonna take up so much space he's so
big this is what Malachi does all day he
finds a corner of the house he curls up
on a pillow something soft would every
confined and it's the girls blanket
maybe it's rock cards diaper it doesn't
matter he'll find something soft and
he'll cuddle up on it and just chill he
spends most of the day just breezing out
in our room most nights he sleeps at the
foot of our bed doesn't he where else
would he sleep retard sleepyhead
remember those nice white nightstands we
bought in Idaho now we have tougher
where were they so nice remember all
that nice furniture we bought for our
room now we have plastic bins for
nightstands that's the same job I don't
see what the difference plus you can
store more stuff in these think how much
crap you could put in one of those bins
there's been times where this has been
like a half an inch of water just this
light has been sitting in half an inch
water because everything like dips down
but I keep like you know snacks like
granola bars and stuff in there in case
I wake up in the middle then I have like
a fire starter kit you know I could
start a fire if I need yeah so you can
get everything like mommy's freakin
valium drugs that she's taking okay so
we're going to bed this is our room
this is where we sleep that's our bath
stop watching I cannot believe we're
going to bed this is 956 it's almost
10:00 we're going to bed right now are
we going to bed right now one because I
have to wake up at 7:30 in the morning
because we're doing the shayloss
weigh-in tomorrow you say what times I
used to get up at 4:30 like 4:30
first time in the morning I used to get
up at 4:30 to go work out at a gym and
then I'd be at the gym at 5:00 and work
out for an hour and then I'd shower and
then I'd be it I had my job my granite
job I'd be there at 6:30 and I worked
like 7:00 at night for like 13 hours
next day I worked 13 hours a day then
I'd come home and just be exhausted and
lay on the couch and watch TV to the
mommy Tarr it's so crazy that you got
that early to work out because you were
like lifting things no I was in such
good shape like I was in the best shape
of my life I would like to get back to
that but if I could and his hair was
like so tomorrow we're gonna get up to
do the shayloss weigh-in and then I have
to go do two shows I am going to be on
Shira Lazar she has a show called what's
trending
he has no share Lazar from the partners
project they interview you know
youtubers and ask him like you know how
they got into you two why they do
YouTube blah blah blah so she has a a
show and on the show is gonna be Morgan
Spurlock the guy who made the movie
supersize me the movie about McDonald's
we talked about him the other day plus
he just made a new movie that me and
Casey watched honor flight to
Lollapalooza headed to Chicago called
was it the best are they the greatest
movie ever sold or something like that
and he's gonna be on the show tomorrow
so I'm excited so you guys can actually
go watch it I think this show films from
like 9 to 10 that's a great thing about
the Internet
if you miss it it's still gonna be there
so we'll put links you'll see tomorrow
I'll film when we go to these sets and
stuff and then after that after we do
what's trending we're gonna go to a Adam
Carolla's wife it's called the parent
experiment here's what their website
looks like it's with Lynette Corolla and
Stephanie wilder Taylor Stephanie is
wilder than Taylor she's so much wilder
than Taylor is there's the two shows
were going tomorrow so you guys will put
links but you can it's a podcast as
basically what they do I'm excited and
then Qasim and I are gonna be on Adam
Carolla's podcast which is gonna be
super cool if you don't know this is
gonna be like in a few days or something
but me and mommy tart are gonna go and
be on this podcast on the parent
experiment and just talk about being
parents I sure like tips and tricks you
know of like how to be you're sure we
know everything we're the best parents
on there so we can teach them how to be
better parents I think what they want
like to see how we do is so awesomely
cute shoes and stuff got a nice little
nice little stack that's not bad put all
your crap in there like junk
you wear like 12%
I wear like for 30 minutes good burn 75%
of your closet down and still have the
same outfits you wear every day
hey can you do that can you burn only
75% of your closet down don't judge a
woman's closet by its shoe collection
hey you should see Carly's closet it is
three times in my closet in it okay
we're going it's time to go to bed good
night you guys were exhausted it's 10
o'clock tonight we're gonna go to sleep
and then tomorrow tomorrow to something
fine before we go
do I like a baby charge I don't know
what do you expected me to do shaycarl
do you give me five with your foot let's
do a foot five no because what if it's
so dirty
let's try to slap it let's try to make
it noise ready one two three yeah high
five bro see you tomorrow yeah one more
time one two oh geez
coordinated one two Oh
bye we're gonna practice our foot fives
see you tomorrow
you
