Oh
car
Oh
hello my name's Louise I'm the guy who
paddles the boat here at the Venice high
school hi guys good morning it's like
8:30 in the morning and we are here what
you're welcome I bought it for you
because I love you one hand okay there
Vincent starts riding a bike without
training wheels I never showed you guys
but I did teach her that's one of the
ways that I injured my ankle because my
ankle was getting better and then one
night me and Princess tards spent like
four hours running up and down the
street right by our house teach her how
to ride a bike but now she can do it
anyways it's about 8:30 in the morning
and we are here at Venice high school
you guys remember when we filmed the
food fight in there I'll go show you
it's so early that rock card is these
guys woke me up this morning and they're
like dad you said you would take us to
ride our bikes so mommy turned was still
sleeping and I was just gonna leave Rock
chart at home in this crib coz he was
asleep and take these three but then he
woke up started crying so I just grabbed
him and threw him in the truck and he's
naked oh he has a diaper Hey you having
fun down fun riding bikes with the kids
Oh what are you doing baby tired you
just leaving your bike out there good
I'm glad that you came all the way over
to tell me that let's see a jump a dog
do a pop a wheelie
I do that's travis pastrana all the way
yo so if any of you remember for my
shaycarl channel we filmed that
footlocker food fight right here in the
cafeteria at Venice high school also
little-known fact about this school this
is where they filmed grease
yes the original grease with John
Travolta and what's her name right over
here like when they are on the bleachers
singing greased lightning or whatever
filmed right over there this is the
cafeteria that we had that big food
fight in who remembers that video you
don't know what I'm talking about all of
the link below you can go watch it it's
a pretty cool video it was fun it was a
sponsorship for footlocker he's some
giving them more free promotion now but
it's a fun video she hasn't gonna watch
it you loving your bike dude I told you
you would like that I told you I'd teach
you just gotta listen your old dad your
old dad knows finger food in this whole
big world here they come the little pink
princesses on their bikes you havin fun
jump it dude let's seize get some air
whoo you're just Mike's a squeaky okay
she's like that she's like a lightning
bolt on that thing look at her she's
crazy have fun
you are fast dude look at those legs of
pumping Wow rocked art has the best bike
of all his bike has like 300 horsepower
and his you're so adore you're so adored
or your adored or you're a dork adorable
all right brother
we'll see you get some bad air bro if
you don't get at least six feet of air
I'm gonna be pissed
I forgot I actually got an email from a
gentleman from Utah who said that I
shouldn't use the word pissed and more I
should use words like forlorn
and beside myself so I apologize guys if
sometimes I don't have the cleanest
language sometimes I just like the same
dirty words you're sweaty oh just like
your dad how cute all right dude come on
let's see you get some air oh you're
like three feet of air that time Oh
closing the eyes on the bike three feet
of air good go as fast as you can
what speed speed speed
you go fast fast fast fast let's see it
go come on I want speed and air do a
can-can or a triple knick-knack
patty-whack give a dog a huge jump
that's a cool trick Oh radical man I
love this truck not only can I fit all
six of my of us in here all four kids
all the mommy tards I have all of the
Shea's I have look at this utility you
just stack these freakin bikes in here
paper it start seeing we layers down go
lay it down softly they're just like cuz
it'll fall over yeah sit on outside I
have to get on the other side you're
gonna get trapped in between all that
wreckage of bicycles maybe you just have
to ride back there now can you get out
no it's easy just pull that here here
watch out you got all right you got it
here in charge let's see you do so a lot
of you guys on my tag your green videos
you're like hey way to be green
technology Shane you drive route is huge
true yeah I saw that comment like a
hundred times by the way the very last
episode the number seven I went to Las
Vegas you guys should go watch right now
I leave a link in my pants for that
video there's gonna be so many links in
my pants today it's like I pooped my
pants have wings
that's an apropos anyways that's why I
love this truck I can fit all the kids
bikes in it I can fit all my family in
it it's a tool it's a nice tool to have
to be able to do all this stuff if I had
something else like I couldn't fit up by
three bikes I can still put my bike my
surfboard mommy turds bike fit it all in
here and all the kids fit in the truck
huh you guys like this truck I love it I
like my truck you guys quit saying bad
things out my truck what the heck dude
just started right up huh think you know
what you're doing that's a man I did
teach him how to start it hey you know
never do that when I'm not here oh right
Hey look at me serious if I ever hear
like midnight you're down on the 405
running away from like six cop cars I'm
gonna be pissed
you'll probably grounded for like three
days to do that okay not take my truck
on a high-speed chase on the 405 you got
it in what situation would you justify
you taking my truck down the 405 like if
I was asleep and maybe like you just had
a craving for like Taco Bell is that an
emergency like what kind of them are
going to say
like like a crazy man we don't know yeah
and they're trying them too like yeah I
just seem to be preoccupied with murder
or they just hop in the truck and cruise
on down there
sounds like a plan to me bro don't
forget to grab the handgun on your way
out okay cuz you might need that to fire
off a few rounds yeah be sure to grab
that okay all right scoot over Butthead
all right we're going home to mommy
tarts oh you
yeah whoa motorcycle man here you sneak
on through to the other side shake it
all through the other side hey um
Coldplay saw them in concert at
Lollapalooza in Chicago Illinois there's
no s we learned that I always thought it
was Illinois's for some reason how dumb
am i I've been noob at geography lesson
via rail Chicago Illinois I loved it
there you Chicago in nights what do you
call yourselves
Chicagoans what do you call yourself
deep-dish Pizza faces anyways I loved it
there dude like just like where the
subway was we're at the Conrad hotel and
just being downtown there in that whole
park and it was awesome cool place
wheezy waiter
love your city bro hey oh this is
hilarious oh my goodness gracious this
is gonna be so funny when I tell you
guys this story so I'm in Chicago my
good buddy Craig wheezy waiter
check him out Brett put something Brett
do something with wheezy waiters
freaking stupid lame beard who's weaker
than mine
do something Brett anyways I'm in
Chicago where wheezy waiter lives and so
I made him this little video of like the
train going by and then all of us like
me and Charles Trippy and Qasim and
Mickey Mayer from this anyways all of us
that were there at Lollapalooza and I
sent it to Craig he said haha you know I
wish I was there because their bands on
tour Driftless Pony Club guess where
guess where it was Boise Idaho it's not
hilarious I'm in Chicago and Craig's in
Boise if you don't know why that's funny
is because he's from Chicago and I'm
from Idaho and we were flip-flop
hilarious story right okay I gotta go
Drive I love you guys bye hey wheezy
waiter you're going down in the freakin
supernote stupid loser face jerk I hate
you bye hey who wants a punch in the
nose raise your hand
what's a punch in the nose raise their
hand mami and bridges are are fighting
we got some fighting in the convictive
you guys are like sisters look at you
you guys are like the same person long
is this toddlers and tiaras so with that
we're what sure we watch it here how
about you get a smack to the face she
would why let me help folder at the time
wait who would sister you don't want to
say so she would hold you down and pluck
your eye would you be like screaming
thank you do you pot-bellied still you
do don't you I honestly one of my
favorite attributes about you is your
eyebrows really obviously is that a
weird thing for a guy to like yeah like
look up hook so you got seriously and
they almost look like they're drawn on
their so but they're like this airline
they're like dove hair I have to come on
angels any hair they're like an Angels a
wee angel wing eyebrows yeah you know
what you got to it's pretty hot eyes
except for they're uneven went into the
comments always say oh yeah dude why I
got like driven I could drive a Mack
truck through your eye my forehead is
really boot I could land a 747 on your
forehead makes me wanna vomit
hey what are you doing you think you're
big enough to sit on a chair now huh yes
I think oh yeah dirty want a juice box
oh here's what I wanted to talk about
okay so we just got that way Sun turn
can you quit doing your freakin frog
dude how big is that thing hold on we
get a profile wow I can I do a speed
jump so I can do a backflip off of your
mohawk dude that looks like perfect for
a ski jump so we just went got the kid
some quick food I want
subway check out this freaking marketing
campaign green lantern that comes with
these glasses and it comes with like a
ring in like a bracelet it does really
you think thinks always got a deal with
the Green Lantern oh by the way I'm not
promoting the subway or the Green
Lantern I would just thought man ads are
everywhere
hey guys string up the Green Lantern I
eat your delicious Subway sandwich hmmm
marketing campaign we're making lots of
money I thought it came out like a long
time ago hey Green Lantern we knew about
that huh your stupid movie I'm not going
to it you're mark you didn't work on me
just what movie do we want to see I want
to go see always shoot a video hi by the
way if you want to promote your Charles
Trippy video say hey guys check me out
in Charles trippy's video the video you
did with Charles Trippy when you scream
you tell me you just say whatever you
want to tell these guys to go watch it
you want them to go see what does that
YouTube address a little youtuber on our
hands doing all right mommy tard it
looks like your work is done look at you
you've like shined them all wait let me
see Sun tired-looking nice nice butt up
baby tard love the pigtails nice cute
green dress that's adorable sandals I'm
loving it colors nobody oh you're
missing something what are you missing
I like the pearls in your hair and then
we have the monster of the broom
am I going the right direction
dude you should not be filming and
navigating and passengers to agree I'm
on ten - well let's do noon and 6:00 you
know I feel like I feel like driving at
2:00 and 7:00 I'd really like to go
eight and three right now I'm on line
eleven and which way right or left you
just keep going okay maybe I have to
yeah okay here's we're turning the
camera off
