but your beard is awesome
and your kids are
and your wife is
say
find the
morning I hope you had a good night's
sleep
I know my hair sure day morning yes I'm
gonna get some breakfast get the key
all right let's go it's time to go eat
the morning continental breakfast you're
hungry what do you think you'll have
bacon sausage eggs Elliot the camera no
friends that spritzes turds new phrase
she'll say something sassy and she'll
say no offense and she says dad what
does no offense mean I mean and I said
it means you shouldn't have said what
you said before you said no offense
that's what it means somebody forgot
their shoes no shoes no service bro
sorry no hashbrowns for you this morning
oh you have what do you have oh there
there it's dr. day no shoes in your
pocket shoes in your pocket
coming dude come on yeah that's right
I'm laying on the floor in our hotel
hallway no big deal hash browns for
breakfast really Barbie I don't think
that's on your South Beach diet get fat
so that's a giant potatoes as big as
your head
you having some ham for breakfast is a
yummy what do you want you want some
more is your plate missing something
what do you want there put some potatoes
or a bagel bagel ask and it shall be
granted the cream cheese fairy bagel has
arrived once again at your doorstep what
do you got to say how about thanks mom I
love you cream cheese bagel fairy by
myself and I myself
leave all that in red just show an idiot
I just explained it as much as possible
by myself
maybe the shade lost grand-slam diet
breakfast this morning you want to see
what it is I'll show you it's full of
delicious fruit I probably like that
third of that I don't know why I got so
much we can say we can save these for
later yeah we'll save those for the
plane ride that's my breakfast right
there good for a tapa lard right nobody
good for a pretty large hey do it again
you're just like holding on to the
airtime you're doing good nice try
good job yep
you taught you actually Logan did sir
tell us the story about how love and
Tanya you told me to like jump hard it's
all about courage it's all about not
being afraid to try something new huh
yep student you go as high as we can
decide I join you when I push push off
my hands
watch out watch out watch that let me
review the footage mommy told on us be
it where are we going now I'll give you
a hint you're wearing it on your shirt
what are we going California does that
where we live
yay you ready to go home you look too
Barbie okay daddy just got out of the
shower he's kind of sweaty you know like
when you take a really hot shower and
you're like rushing to hot shower you're
hurrying to get ready to rush around you
like start sweating
maybe it's just me not anymore guys I
make the jokes I make the bad jokes just
cuz it's fun you know the
self-deprecating humor pretty soon I'm
gonna I'm gonna lose those jokes what if
I can't call myself a me well I'm not
gonna be funny
let's go get a pizza come on guys hurry
we need three pizzas right away or I'm
gonna be stupid and not funny I'm
already starting to get not funny I did
this whole thing is already showing this
is hard enough is that my hair alright
we're going to go in the lane here we go
bye Mormon attack vehicle we love you
see you later he's ready you John yeah
razor on pinch alright so here we go off
to the airport wait we're already there
I ain't old mom meet hard because
flew here with all four kids and we have
four seats together and one seat that's
in a different row I told mommy thar
should have that seat and I'll deal with
the four kids on the flight back to LA
it's only fair right she flew here all
by herself
mad props to mommy tard right guys come
on let's give her a high five yeah let's
go surfing now everybody's surfing now
come on head safari with me
nice surfing you're gonna sit there
that's all you do that's your thing
nice shoes bro retard you gotta give
them our tickets kay go get more tickets
you don't want to do it you want prints
it's hard to do it for you alright big
sister I'll do it
she's a she's a world traveler good job
you did it yeah it's like you're all by
yourself traveling the country okay what
seat are we in princess are 1985 oh that
was a great year for me I was 5 years
old
all right it's time for the
good
take the outside of the plan do don't
forget
 dude I'm on this airplane right
now it's some lady brought her baby on
flirt and he's being really loud ma'am
can you please keep your baby quiet you
please keep him quiet
for two seconds please
don't look at my baby he's too cute he's
too cute for your eyes you'll turn to
stone
straight time at you kid
and you don't want that to happen here
violence mrs. mark being a croc guard
wants me to fire my house right away
Rock darts it and on the trade table
dude I thought you're on a low-carb diet
a lot of hearts
new pillow here I'll make one for you
watch move this up
now see maybe turn the shoulder right
here that's your pillow there put your
head there you go
built in pillow come on
pillow there the sister you're the
sister pillow inner layer there it's
called team
why is it rolling oh wow look at you
okay here she turned the camera on and
started recording all by herself
here's how the flight with rocked earth
basically was a miniature version of The
Incredible Hulk who would not sit still
have to routine seconds the second
literally the second that we touched
down and started to smooth down the
runway falls right to sleep all right we
made it here we are in Los Angeles
California now we have to decide how
we're gonna get home
start walking guys come on here we go
man at times like this I wish I had a
Knight Rider that I could just be like
KITT come pick us up at the airport
holy crap your words there's our man no
way it totally worked
there's BVI that big gage you driving
that minivan
fred is hilarious all right
I didn't know what to do I was just
sitting at home like what do i do
without that welcome home Shaytards how
noise from BBI Oh
Fred that's so sweet
gotta so whiteboard so we can schedule
our lives a little bit better what's
wrong here we are to pick up Malachi
it's been 10 days the poor guy he's been
here at the cage-free k9 camp and we're
gonna go pick him up right now that's
not gonna bang it smelling smells like
dog pee here he's the horse to get him
bathroom
not edible oats like oh you guys guess
what girls night yeah we're watching
Legally Blonde what else are we doing
we're painting our nails but darn I'm
sorry I left you here bro are you tell
me you didn't paint your nails dude tell
me you stayed strong oh dude I love you
where do you watch it upstairs
Beetlejuice Beetlejuice beetlejuice
that's a sweet movie dude my bro is
tough you ain't you hang out with girls
night right dude oh that's tough I want
to check out only get a little closer
here and see what's going on here at the
color selection I know a lot of girls
are watching this right now like I want
to see the game let me see very tired
she's read Adam she's gonna be a pro by
the time she's done
you are so beautiful let me stay here
hold still
what is that is that an Indian stripe
what is that yeah you pay that is that
racist no look no thanks thanks what
colors are these it looks like pink
light pink purple darker pink
see-through pink I see a pattern going
here do you like pink you do would you
it would you say it's your favorite
color yes you're punching us in the face
after all the Mentos I let you eat today
on the plane who ate the most mentos on
the airplane today why sundered / what
you didn't you say to make the whole
time huh you and freaking rock tard
rock-hard would not hold still the
entire two hours he seriously it was the
most oh my gosh it was I fly a lot you
guys you know this is probably the worst
flight I've ever been on just because of
that little bag of bones we call rock
cars he was like a freaking jumping
jelly bean that the entire time he was
hitting this guy on the back of the head
he kept the students like trying to
watch this like crime drama show on his
iPad and rocked hurts like standing up
on the trays and he was like whacking
this guy in the head and then like
there's these ladies behind and he was
like standing up on the seat and he was
slapping on the seat on hey hey hey he's
like slapping on the seat these ladies
were cracking up and then he like had a
tea Deeks didn't know what he wanted to
do is I wanted to open the shutters I
open the shades up and down they want to
come over and pulled out all the
magazines all like the in flight
information
like this row up bag there was like you
know an alligator he was like throwing
all his stuff I was like you know how he
does when he gets in your drawers and
he's just like this I got an empty
everything out of here and I was like
every time I'm like trying to grab him
and like holding like no rock are just
hold still he's like one energy it was
literally like a like an arm workout for
two hours so I might grab him hold him
here he's come in here mom here do I go
out well thanks guys you guys want to
hear a sweet story about this shirt well
let me tell you two months ago
how long ago was that it was it was
longer than that yeah what's weird
we're definitely in Idaho pray four
months ago four months ago I got this
shirt and I tried it on it Ross and I
was like I love this shirt but I
couldn't even button it up I literally
it's a 2x but it's like a slim fit and I
tried to button it up and I couldn't
button and optimally I love this sure I
love the colors I know why I love the
blues it's just like my lady for good
you know and I I started just bought it
I said I don't care if it doesn't fit
I'm gonna lose weight and I'm gonna make
it fit I told mommy card I said the day
will come where I'll be able to put this
shirt on today is that day yeah today is
that day today is the day that I put
this shirt on cuz I'm me and it's not
too tight I kind of just suck it in a
little bit
this is Maggie go paint your nails we
land in LA we start to go into the
tarmac rock garden out back I want you
to not use any air muscles be totally
limp like you're like jelly be like oh
our jelly beans
he's just like a limp body asleep I'm in
the back of the planes we gotta switch
because I told minecarts she gets it at
the front cuz I would take the four kids
because she took the last time for like
grabbing bags with my backpack on I'm
like bris is just you shoot it was a
typical city comes right and he's asleep
the whole time and then they they turn
actually help she was like already ready
oh no not go over the car all right
we're home it feels good to be home I
don't like to admit how good it feels to
be home in LA that's scary
it's just like like I don't know I never
picked this picture this is like our
home it feels like comfortable you back
for some reason say goodbye see you
tomorrow
