Oh
kindness
oh say
time's up
son look at baby charts boot she has a
broken leg mom come here come in here
your sister has some bad news for you
she just broke her leg she just broke
her leg oh you do oh dang it maybe we
should get a boot for you too
come on broken leg tard she doesn't want
to share her broken leg with anybody you
want your bone back I saw your phone
back hey bud I missed you so much
it's job okay let's try to no no you can
get in that one you can't give him that
one I got the driver out of that one
come here look I try to pick up one leg
mister with one leg oh hi I'm at our
Shore out of pulp I think it's yours now
dude hey friends the start just like
this like you're one of the flamingos
like the pink birds in the movie ready
good good nice work for the band
sometimes find out all sorts of stuff in
here it's already found two quarters and
still again oh well well Oh
rocks are mmm
guys it's Yellen this one have to hold
five seconds okay
that's our goal five six ready one look
ahead look straight look straight up one
two one two
did do pretty good huh
huh maybe charge got you running up run
and jump down okay - here one two three
run oh whoa
or flip that works - hey backflip time
whoa that's good there's my happy boy
nice try boys hold on listen her trash
oh I think when she starts a cheerleader
yeah for sure
somebody for a football player I try to
double back all right - double backflip
here we go ready
they were ready like they're coming to
another half of dad get right what am I
missing
that was a good one I know
we forgot his swim diaper so he can't
get in because that is not sanitary
hey get rocked hard could you not
potty-trained what are you looking at
you looking at his daddy he's like oh
I'm doing so bad we probably should go
up to the room huh it's like waving
candy in front of you that you can't
help out hey are you a Keough - yes you
no that was tucking where'd your Tuck go
gave me tired hold on hold on tight for
this side for the side am I talking
about I like my family it's good to have
a fact
your beard like this shouts like my
beard the beard elf wants to get some
relaxation sometime Sunday I'm gonna go
sue me what my birds gonna stay here hey
good luck with that a whore rock tart I
know who's being really good considering
he's watching all the fun
watch our real kisses no kisses he's
like yeah I'm jealous
hey don't dilly all right good see you
chuck half way that time that was good
or you're bounding I was still good
though Princeton starts like the water
toy nice hair
ah boy huh to hide everyone well in that
one we're teaching centaur how to do
backflips here's what you do do what
looks straight of that bill I know
there's fall straight I know two three
can you sure you got me yeah one two
three Hey there you go man stop the
backflip nice work whoa whoa oh gosh
kamikaze hard again my dad he he warrior
do it my her Shelby
yeah he's jump very good did he go by
himself they detect him at all do you
guys I'm like Bela Karolyi I just taught
the Sun Tarr how to do a backflip on the
side of the player ready I'm just going
to stand here in four spot ready shuttle
us and listen jump hard jump out and
look at the sky and watch the water okay
keep your eyes open one two three nice
bird it's more than I can do to be the
gymnastic the next row yeah we kept
troubling why would a trampoline in our
backyard in LA hope you guys get out of
water ha
bend your knees pop and try to pull your
knees in your chest tuck remember look
back look at them look at the sky and
try to see the water we bend down in
there pop one two three nice I'm proud
Rock chart come on your turn here turn
your neck oh and maybe Tyra's already
pooped out you tired of swimming already
you're cold
she gets cold really easy in the regular
pool and the hot tubs huh okay so she's
coming up with me lying hi I'm Superman
socks you don't even know what these
socks are line
I must inform and socks I was just
listening to or I just watch the video
of nicepeter in Casa de Lollapalooza
singing Superman socks live and it get
stuck in your head flying I'm Superman
flex post jiggle bounce bounce bounce
what's her name
Wanda oh hi Wanda what do I do we need
to go to one thanks Wanda appreciate the
help
Wanda push number one to help us grab
you love me Oh we'll see how snake-like
I can be who knows what that's from huh
it was a who's a Disney expert yeah yeah
here's something he's stuck in there
whoa get out there so we're here with my
grandma and grandpa we're here to eat
some dinner at the Mayan he excited he
looks so hot to that grandma
Oh beautiful thank you check this place
out this looks awesome Mayan adventure
there's a giant snake hey what's that
guy's name right there you know his name
is he hit squats acquittal baby it's
Justin Bieber it's Justin Bieber is that
Justin Bieber's great-great-great-great
great-great-great-great great Mayan
ancestors I think it is look that's his
old microphone that's what his
microphone used to look like
hey baby turn what do you think they
keep inside of these things right here
what's inside there I don't know can
they keep water in there well do you
think they keep dead monkeys brains the
vines of Tarzan right here in the Mayan
oh he's got hops ladies and gentlemen he
can touch the vines oh you guys where
did you keep our specimen I'm glad that
it we marked it properly what let me see
her okay let's go what you should cut
that out I should cut it out why how
come cuz I'm try to find us on the
internet and then what will they do we
don't want that to happen to it please
do not murder us or take our money guys
that will just make the worst day ever
so you know what the Mayan is especially
cool theme dressed rubber awesome from
Mayan science
check this out
kind of dark you can't see but there's a
rope right here it's just like a little
black rope going up these rocks I want
to see the dudes that jump off this
there's guys that will actually jump off
this cliff down into this water and they
swim over here and they climb up this
rope get back up to the very top
I'm excited excited to see the show it's
pretty deep do they dive right in and
it's pretty deep
Jacob you scared my grandma just a sigh
guy did you ever watch YouTube I want to
see Jacob our grandma's trying to
promote me at the Mayan thanks grandma
Wow
ow
cool
something
I'm gonna start doing hey guys what you
do for a living now from now on guys
sorry I'm going to join the circuit
strong hey quit start your feet up you
want to do that
all get ready
it's under the end of a rope oh they're
so gonna think wow what is this guy
gonna do whoa
Oh
oh that sounded like it hurt
I could totally do that seriously I
could
I do more cool tricks dude yeah
take off your loincloth
whoa this is the edge they're gonna get
that
i smolder
awesome cool huh grandma poor rocked are
you still watching the show like the
show Rock time
yeah alum chips and salsa pretty
delicious I love those chips and salsa
eddo
yeah I know my wife wants a kiss
she just bad yeah she just told me the
eye on her I give you permission
it's rain is de las pista find it
yourself
oh and I have sing the Sun show another
day
watch the spider watch the spider
oh please the table you're better
shouting those guys jumping off the
cliff no one know those guys were super
towns it didn't you see that double
triple axel
I don't see if I can jump off this chair
is there any water down there I don't
see any Oh what are they gonna jump up
again someone's in a good mood I'm not
playing with Barbies grandma she's about
to perform the show funny oh sorry bro
oh now I'm good I know you are hey poor
Bambi guiding me right here put it right
here on Kumu cool handles oh snap that
looks delish light me
okay you guys I came over here to try to
get a better shot over there here's the
birthday
i Bordeaux hurry bullet so now you're
gonna give me give it to me and let me
have that amount you have a bite among
everyone she's all nervous like what was
bad that was like your favorite song
fireworks
where do we get any spoon it with your
hands worth of mine I shouldn't I don't
want to die it fit - so are gonna start
tomorrow gonna eat okay hurry yum yum
yummy
oh my gosh guys is that good yo
Phylis fantastic
you are just like your daddy huh
I love you guys dancing how he was
dancing good that was dinner
mommy tired good the entertainment was
great - look he just landed in that
drink right there you guys you didn't
even see it
he landed right in that dream somebody's
trying to see the show through the
bottom of the fence
Rock Tower what do you see down there
you see little guys
caution flap Akashi never mind I didn't
want to try to read out stupid sign I
came to think I was going to read the
assignment but I couldn't some stupid
rock tower did you read it Oh 416
passenger van I didn't know which side
the gas tank was on you know which side
you know when you're like a new car a
rental car you don't know exactly which
side the gas cap is on so look what I
did
I pulled it right middle I wouldn't have
done it if this place was busy it's
obviously not busy at all so I just
pulled the van right in the middle of
these two pumps just in cases on either
side so the gas is stretching all the
way over to this side of the band you
know they call these vans here in Utah I
call these Mavs ma V know that stands
for I'm not even gonna tell you in Utah
what do they call one of these vans and
call it Mavs all right I'll just tell
you in case nobody knows nope nope I
changed my mind
I want to see if anybody in the comments
knows what these are called big giant
van in Salt Lake City what's what's the
acronym for Mavs and maybe who knows
leave in the comments below by the way
the reason that we rented a 16 passenger
van is because that is the only van they
had left it was he the only car they had
left me in case he got in from Long
Beach and we had to rent a car to take
him back home this is the only thing
they had so we've been driving this baby
around for the last couple days how do
you like our van rock hard do you like
it right you're not sleeping are you he
is like this van everybody gets their
own bench on practice card I want you to
look like you're really upset and mad at
me k go good you are such a good actress
do not smile Hey you're not smiling are
you let me see your face stop smiling
right now stop it stop don't smile
SunGard do not smile if I have to come
back there and fart on your face haha
got him
you got the smile out of this son tired
hey pumpkin did you miss your daddy
and we just level with each other can
you tell me how much you missed me if
you miss me a lot just look at me with
those adorable eyes he looked away well
there is I love you baby chard what baby
chard sector down what let me see your
guitar
where's your guitar rock out for that
dude let me see you rock out rock out
baby tarde yeah
if girls got nothing on you watch out
Foo Fighters baby tarts coming to town
Rocko okay we have a little dilemma this
van is too close to this car to open the
door so we are getting the kids out of
the van via the back okay pile on out of
there kids come on climb out of there
help him out son tard you were in the
exit row son tard you were in the X row
to the plane you have to help all your
all your people get out who's calling me
hello hey you guys want avatar or Mulan
Mulan is about this girl who goes in the
army and she's supposed to be a boy but
she's not a boy she's a girl and she
owes the army she cuts her hair avatar
all right let's go hop out guys let's go
all right they want they want avatar
they will they will definitely fall
asleep in than that in the first 20
minutes I guarantee alright bye I love
you okay we'll be up in a sec we're just
unloading the back of the van come on
David turn let's go all right rock card
it's time to go to bed sleepy it's 10:45
at night you really think you're gonna
watch all of avatar I guess I could fine
but I run your hat
oh great no you don't need it tonight
well I still need after 10:45 the hat's
up - come on - ready
well not gonna be wearing my heart
tomorrow uh what do you mean coming here
Oh No
all right let's go in our hotel come on
here's our Stan you climb through those
bushes see his suckers watch for cars oh
good thanks for the heads up bro don't
drop her dude what is that supposed to
mean people carry you places
okay good see if you can make it to the
top all right so I am teaching the kids
even though there is an elevator there's
also a stair option that's gonna help us
burn off some of this food for you wait
up then it make it looks I get to sleep
here tonight so we are walking up to the
fourth floor we're taking every stair
because we want it burn off those bees
that we just had what scared you keep
going hey Rock guard you better walk
Rock guards got to burn off the chips
and salsa here go dude hurry hustle get
your butt up there you got to make it up
to the fourth floor ASAP there he goes
here we go here we go here we go I'm
climbing the stairs in boot are my
ankles feeling better but I'm just gonna
keep wearing this to make sure it heals
all the way keep on climbing baby boy
keep on climbing all right guys the end
of a good day had fun I am so incredibly
happy
I bet you guys aren't too he was excited
to be all being back together again
we're all back together Hume we love you
guys alright goodnight we'll see you
tomorrow on another episode the
Shaytards okay so your friends are gonna
like I'm sure mommy guard me up there
Boyd right over the thingy oh you're a
little trouble
don't drop the bunny whatever you do
don't drop the bow no the body of time
we're getting exercise if I get kicked
down here I'll scream it in the
stairwell
