time for some beer maintenance look at
this beard look my beard combed it's
like this beard come it's not her I'm
beard come it's my wife's hair come I
would like to use it it smells good too
smells like my wife's hair I like my
wife's hair anyways hi guys we're still
on vacation and mommy tarts taking a nap
right now I'm just doing some beard
maintenance hey what dress something in
the continent oh you guys for watching
shayloss and you're like Seamus if you
shaved your beard you'd lose five miles
oh let somebody know I wouldn't I gear I
would make a bet I would be willing to
wager a large sum of money that this
entire beard even how a majestic and
large and disgusting it is if I want to
shave dick every little single hair off
my face I would bet a thousand dollars
this beard doesn't even weigh a half a
pound a thousand bucks
right now on the table who takes me up
on it let's do it let's bet let's let's
do some wagers let's shake on it
a thousand dollars this entire beard
doesn't even wait a half a pound I bet
you I could shave my beard shave it all
off put in a little plastic baggie set
it on a scale and it wouldn't even
register on the scale how much you I bet
right now let's shake on it let's shake
on it right now come on put your hand up
we loose weight chicken what are you
booty yella yeah that's right you're
yella yella wait you anyways um I always
see that comment like no wooden and I
know a lot of you guys were probably
making a joke about it but my beards not
that heavy guys come on don't be
ridiculous arts taking a little rusty
little rusty CSD and I found some
footage off of this flip that mommy turn
has um I've been listening to your as
comments I've been reading the comments
about the new camera the new Canon and I
think you're right the problem is is the
audio and I need to call Charles because
I think I may be can go into the camera
and change the audio on the new camera
the view and the lens on
other camera is way better Bar None it's
way better than the flip but the flips
audio it's ten times better so I don't I
mean I don't think that the the quality
of the lens on the other camera makes up
for the difference of the audio so I
feel like I might have to stick with a
flip for a while unless I can figure out
how to change the audio on the other one
so I'll call my buddy Charles because
he's a master of everything technology I
mean that dude has an app to tie his
shoes if you need an app for anything
Charles Trippy knows about it okay so
good news I found some footage off of my
charts flip I have some other footage
with me in case you were in Long Beach
I'm gonna put it all together it's not
gonna really make sense like the first
clip is Mommy tarde in LA shooting
Courtney's peanut butter and jams her
music show that me and Princess hard
were in but this time Davie tard and
centaur Durant I'll leave a link below
be sure to go check that out also some
footage from our meter flying to Idaho
and then being in i Doan hanging out
with all of her family and my mom and my
sister so it's gonna kind of be all over
the place but I figured I'd try to like
dig up some footage for you guys while
we're on this little vacation so I
edited up cute a few clips together just
for you guys are still on vacation I
still want to try like give you guys
something here and I'm Sam so I don't
want you to get fast off me um but we'll
we'll be back soon so they know we're
still making videos everyday but they're
just not as as good as I could because
we're trying to relax so enjoy this
video we'll see you tomorrow
oh good night later you later a
thousand bucks right now on the line
let's do it hey guys what are we doing
always obey because it really good yeah
I'm better you are better taste very
good yours tastes like I don't know
you ready for a sucker uh-huh we've
bribed her with us on her offset we're
like just just be really good and then
you can have a sucker and she just okay
she perked right up I turned you back
into the human okay I'm a nervous billet
uh-huh we are on set of Courtney's
peanut butter and jams right own waters
and jam but there's no peanut butter I
wish there were because I'm a little bit
hungry it's a great name peanut butter
and I we like it get some those these
get to loving this giant green screen
they think it's a ramp they display
alive they are sliding down it's making
snow angels yeah I think green screen
angel Oh
despite my efforts to keep them off of
it oh she's complicated I wish you're
gonna see that face again yeah we found
out that a Sun tart is actually an
undercover DJ hollow mad skills
my rapping deejay son
oh it's a family affair we're gonna
start rapping now that I'm marrying um
wait does he have a name Logan but Oh
Logan Logan Logan turn it's illegal um
so I can be present family yes we've
already put my match to get are you
you're sweaty who's Eddie I ain't
worried
I'm ready YUM welcome to show business
are you excited
you got your sucker and what else is
going to give you Sharky Sharky it's
Shark Week
yeah you like these gummy Sharky and
finish em whatever that is whatever I
mean organic gummies can you even do
that I don't think so I always wonder
that today tastes good though that's all
that matters and I up sugar thank you
take your medicine am I your favorite
person you see I have to bribe all my
cousins with candy and they in like they
come over and they're like where's
Courtney where's Courtney and I'm like
they love me and they're like where's
the chocolate no like dang it I trap
money's gonna love me it really love me
they love what I get them huh I'll take
what I can get yeah you just do what you
can when you call this it's colorful
it's white and then I sell it off it's
what is inside pain it's like a water
thing which sort of drives me crazy
you bought it thinking it was crying and
it's actually
place only keep refilling I'm going to
Idaho while we're flying in the air
everybody trying to rebuild these water
things with the kids can come oh yeah
whatever
awful I didn't have an airport full but
they didn't have any credit so that we
had to do it
so leeches why they're retarded so all
that we ride come and they're so cool
but I was like it's so much like it's
like first then you color it on and then
it just like that you want to give us a
tutorial or show money I like it
good I'm glad you like it you look
beautiful with your little hand holding
it sorry dude after way outside I don't
like okay Joe is figuring out that
window
somebody to watch him he just crawls all
over everyone windows think he's fun
flying huh no I don't you pin justice
hey guys it's so fun okay all right guys
we obviously made it to Idaho because I
forgot to vlog with Mikasa pine but here
yeah they're mad because I stopped
pushing okay time for underdog time are
you ready okay let's go
you guys ready here we go okay you're
next are you ready
okay so much has happened since I last
talked to you guys we have been so crazy
busy rocked hearts been a little bit
sick again I think he's getting
overwhelmed with all the traveling we've
been doing but we're having so much fun
it's always fun to be with family and
summer in Idaho is hot and fun
winters are fun until now it's still
snowing but right now it's okay I gotta
go do an underdog either right back you
guys ready yeah why doesn't anybody get
me an underdog huh huh no comment they
don't want to have to push me Oh what do
you want me to call you
this will be an start hey hey she's
trying to live the true la lifestyle
being homeless on the beach in a
cardboard box although I'm ready to like
upgrade because my head is like a little
you seriously need to upgrade your
home.look house do you might make it
about bigger boxes for free yeah little
ones are free you have the right form
come on come come good luck you need a
two-bedroom that was a great face model
but what are you guys seriously worried
in okay we're having a ladies night out
and we had the funnest idea to drive by
this place that has a giant gorilla and
take a picture because it's falling down
and these people had the idea to
stiller's of idea they beat us to the
idea but we're still cooler our pictures
gonna be better they're doing some
inappropriate things in the monkey we
like to keep it clean boo
okay we all know better kind of like The
Grudge ah scary Jerry okay I've never
seen
look at that right there we had this one
can are you guys ready
jaywalk okay are you ready
glad you don't get run over
we did it I do not know to tour to say
now
ready I'm going to jump in try it again
party stand right there because it looks
like his has a mouth on your head call
white ghost n right
anyway we're so fun are we and i really
match our trips tonight
shirt fiction que cela beer where we
going bro home that's that's all that
needs to be said that is all that needs
to be said because we miss it home home
is where your heart is
yeah that's an old sane home is where
the heart is home is where your wife no
home is where your wife your wife does
that you for not being home is where
your wife tells you to be and that's
where we're going right now
bitch that wasn't there to watch the
kids
okay
wait
I kind of like that about JetBlue you
ever like walk out here on the tarmac I
feel like it's like more Road it's like
more like lumberjack style you know I
mean get a walk in the Sun there's no
like little portals you can walk through
you gotta get out here
you gotta clamp these stairs big enough
clean let's come on that plane anyways
so we're headed back to our loved ones
oh I miss mommy tarts so bad I just want
her sweet sweet lips against mine
Oh cut my left foot up I don't give a
crap just press those sweet sweet mommy
tart lips next to mine
and I'll be happy to address all like
finally
so flight yesterday because Chicago
O'Hare decided to rain for three hours
so we missed our flight last night so
the nice people at JetBlue gave us a
hotel room and then we're flying out the
saw like cut your case that you plane
make the sale all right here we go let's
go
