what are you doing are you sure that's
hey guys
day two of our little vacation we're
here the workout room I actually came
down here and lifted weights today you
guys need me I am impressed with your
skin you are looking so good yeah and I
love those new shirts you don't look
good for you show you some bench press a
new fifties maybe should warm up I don't
know I'm afraid sweet exercise I just
doing this today tell me this is done I
was doing kind of like crunches width
benchpress eat fresh breath she's
preaching this like this like just pull
your knees and that's good and like your
abs you're so tough babies so I would
pick up those fifties and like to drop
them on my toes yeah I think you've
deserved that
you've worked so hard I'm so proud
oh you know I'll tell you this Oh today
I wouldn't watch the video from back was
January for a mom when me and oh yeah
started to the weight loss contest and I
weighed 280 point 8 pounds and today or
the last time away the most to 25 so
that means I've lost 50 point
that's so good that's like it's because
that was January that was January in
August so what's the last like six
pounds a month for the last six eight
months that's good don't you guys think
that's good I think that's good
how much you guys oh she where'd you go
there you go let me show you has a
really good back workout you can do this
is really sweet I used to be a trainer
you did really good how come you I
shouldn't know that you are gonna break
stop
Butare but again watch out guys watch
out you're crazy
this is why you cannot get better he's
like whoa Jim let's go her leg due to
shaycarl you guys I should really stop
him right now looked really financially
I'm gonna make across the entire room
oh my goodness hey Shay it's Carl this
could be a better way of traveling I
don't so let's start what if you were
like down the street you got three balls
lined up everywhere you go oh I think
it's the three that's messing up your
face no you look like you're going down
a waterslide you need to throw that
other ball in dude how can I do that you
watch I'm filming throw no sorry
when I come off the second one okay
ready okay you're just around your head
into the cloud oh good you probably
should try this exercise it's called
three big balls
hey guys we're one up sooner now faster
working out losing weight down 50 pounds
baby where's my hat hey don't cut this
hair okay bye guys love you
