I'm having a good day
we hope you're having a booth only
hey let's do it let's do a game they
don't
you've got your bathroom
okay
all right so we're out to dinner
does this look delicious I'm being
healthy with soup and salad we had some
of these clams mom eater would you get
a peach mango slushie thing I love those
so here we are we're at this
establishment it looks really nice in
here and we are on a little vacation
come on it's hard and I decided that we
needed no time to ourselves right of the
kids good they're gone no just
forgiveness dang it I thought it was
very good but it's still a party so my
mom has boys son tarda and rocked our
and then my grandma has the girls they
beat our dad but it's hot and then Casey
and hey they're gonna come get them and
watch them for two days and you know
what we're just gonna take it easy we
have not been together for six days and
before that we're super duper troupe of
busy and Venice Beach and we thought you
know what we're took a few days tours
over really
I'm sorry guys but they understand I'm
gonna level with you right now the
videos are gonna be on home for a few
days
I'm sorry not on totally we'll probably
do one takers like this but we're gonna
take some time as far as those we're
making a video join a wave hi we're good
thank you we're good thanks anyways
we're here in Salt Lake we're relaxed
you guys want to see the new addition to
our family there sure I don't know if
you can see it can you see can you tell
if they can see it so I went because
finally I think I reinjure my ankle at
Lollapalooza because I was walking for
miles a day plus I had a load on my
shoulders I was a during the Foo
Fighters a song
he wrote EDAC see gums had KC on my
shoulders jumping up and down in the mud
in Chicago they have been a very right
it's not a good idea when you already
have an injured ankle so I went today to
a it was so funny as we pulled up into
this area where we're going to say this
hotel it was saw this little clinic I
said foot and ankle specialist and I was
like let's go let's just I'm sick of I'm
sick of limping around let's go do it
so we went in had an x-ray there's no
broken bones I just apparently have a
couple sort of arguments and he gave me
this boot and said you need to wear this
boot from two weeks he said you're gonna
just keep doing this so you're gonna be
able to not walk you're gonna injure it
criminally so I'd wear this boot for two
weeks I just try to stay off it as much
as I can so that's why we decided to
take a little breather here in the old
Salt Lake City and we're eating some
dinner and a good time Oh a couple
things there'll be three things real
quick okay so the shayloss weigh-in I'm
not gonna tell you how much I lost if
you haven't seen it I feel what I did a
really good job mostly because of
Lollapalooza it was hot sweaty I was
walking around all day long
drinking a ton of water I was like you
know punching it a lot of people like I
got a lot of
good upper-body workout it was like
other we're all fast
so go check out the shayloss video that
we put up today linking the pants I
didn't really good I'm on my way to 200
pounds
I will be shaving this beard and hair of
shortly nobody's more excited about that
than not my target you guys so I got
about 25 more pounds I think it'll take
me another month and another month I'll
be down to where I was wanting to get
it's 200 pounds so what is what's nice
yeah August and that's why I've already
done that I well they I lost 20 this
first month it's honestly I haven't been
able to really exercise because of my
stupid ankle I'll be able to run or jog
or anything yeah
also the Jackson Harris music video
that's gonna be officially up on August
22nd Jackson's gonna fly out to LA or we
have an upload party and continue a lot
of cool what else oh the 7th and the
final episode of the tiger green eagle
imagination road trip is going up
tomorrow
it's the final video of the road trip a
lot of you guys tagged yourself on the
happy it's it's it's a good but last
episode I like it it's like a cool
little montage at the end you might cry
you might might shed a tear we shed
tears shredder she's tears shed her time
what else oh also mommy towards pregnant
that is I'm sorry
don't please okay so you guys like I
said mama Tarte admire we're gonna take
a couple days we're just gonna go to see
movies or and watch dinner which kind of
relax and they're watching the kids and
we'll just check in with you guys once a
day like this okay so me and mommy tired
of having a little vacation our own we
hope you guys don't get pissed off
here have a breadstick there's one a
breadstick would that make you feel
better - wanna bread who's your brunch -
whose all parts - anyways so here from
the Olive Garden in Salt Lake there's a
plant look at sapphire pairs of fates
there's a picture there's a alright so
we will talk to you guys tomorrow
sometimes we don't know whatever
I don't like making another one of these
videos because quite frankly I'm on
vacation with my wife and I'm more
important to 10 things to like this
woman this woman needs a lot of
attention yeah oh she's got to get it
okay
