q guys wait ah you know who meghan
trainor and worse pushy just tweeted
hahaha
you know I'm gonna like it look like I'm
gonna leave you guys I don't want you to
freak out but make it straighter just
tweeted us log in here hello good
morning
it's 8:30 so you know what that means
it's time to go to school and we got
these so got the usual suspects it's
early I can't talk guys it's not focus
on you it's just focused on me anyways
look here Scout boy okay so today's an
important day because it is my mom's
birthday so we are up early I'm gonna
take the kids to school but before we go
to school we're gonna go find grandma a
present cuz she's she's another it's her
birthday and you're not supposed to say
how people are when they're old she's
not old have I got a help thanks Bernie
all right little nice and fluffy I think
I lose are great yeah yeah seasonings a
little bit of love since thionite yeah
how can you do it it's coming delicious
kids time for breakfast get it come get
it
okay let's go oh I just did a whole
thing when I was showing my hat and the
Snowy nose and Ava's like Danis not
recording okay dad it's not recording
dad dad I'm like like quiet I'm vlogging
here so you got a hit record I don't
know how to work this thing it's been a
while trying to do some promo hair
tricks and on a snowy days we wear on
your head hey all right what has caught
your eye which ones you get one and you
get one you guys can both get your own
things for Grandma
we're gonna go surprise grandma for her
birthday
these ones are pretty too what about I
like these ones maybe I'll get her these
ones yeah I like blue
that's pretty oh we need one yellow one
in there where's my happiness is a
choice bouquet there we steal a flower
Yelper in there okay oh that's good idea
you guys look what we found
mom a chicken my mom loves chicken's for
some reason you guys know she has
chickens and she's very peculiar about
her chickens so we figured she might
like this and they're picking out a card
let's find a nice one that you guys find
a nice card for your grandma you got my
mom javanese picking your eyes out so
we've gotta go will you do me a favor
and make that belt just go and make that
chicken come into the frame ready action
here he comes here's your chicken mom
happy birthday thank you alright
beautiful flowers I'm gonna put a seat
belt on the flowers guys that way it'll
be safe okay
now you're safe I put a seat belt on the
flowers that's how much I love no we're
still getting it still falling out of
the sky and I am not complaining because
I'm gonna go ski some of it right now
well we got to take the presents first
then I'm going to ride okay
we're wrapping them wrap with good luck
we got candles three candles
we got a she got a bag and wrapping the
chicken the chicken here up in the
chicken we have a card of some gift
cards I'm gonna take her this happy
sunshine yellow bag for her birthday
happy birthday mom we love you okay wrap
them all up put them in their where's
the gift cards where's the pen hurry we
gotta sign the card guys I gotta go I
got a lot to do smile more well sorry I
didn't show
you giving the presents to Grandma
tar-like we got lost in the excitement
of it but she was excited and it's her
birthday today toward Laurita Oh Wally
guys say happy birthday grandma happy
birthday oh you got be nice love you mom
sixty years old can you believe it I'm
60 grandma 68 69 choose 15 that was 10
years ago
okay now we're getting some lunch with
the dudes swatched I'm crazy
I'll tell you right now these legs
aren't what they used to be I'm tired
come shake I think he likes it yeah
Mikey nice yeah I took today off is
worth it my goodness guys this is this
is crazy
vishay is doing today
my goodness
Oh crazy guys there's so much snow
so much
I should move he's gonna scoop me up
with it
oh that was great you uh he almost got
the stairs you guys
all right so this is our garage right
now you guys Shay got most of the
outside most of the driveway but I'm
going to have to shovel this part I
cannot believe how much is snow this
year we've had the most snow than we've
had in years so much snow so the kids
just told me that school is officially
canceled for tomorrow and I think not
only because of the snow but because
it's supposed to be in the negatives
tomorrow Shay was saying negative 13 in
the morning oh that's so cold I mean
some of you guys know what that's like
but most of you were probably like what
in the world it's gonna be crazy
so snow day Brock oh my gosh ha ha
you guys little broccoli little rock
tardes see my tooth his smile has
changed I'm just watching
yeah his tooth is watching the movie
don't mind the big pile of clothes and
junk arm stuff right here don't mind all
right let's see it he said don't step on
my tooth it's watching the movie mom
don't step on my tooth why is it in a
thing of water ok wait where is it well
there it is they're just you guys hit
well that is crazy cool dude look at
that
your physical is officially older too
bad it didn't happen right before
Christmas all I want for Christmas is my
toe fraud it keeps making that smile
here omaree's you guys my baby boys
growing up yeah do you look creepy well
maybe a little yes oh my gosh yes that's
funny
what are you gonna do with your tooth
one year oh maybe if you're a good boy
thank you weirdo so wait wait wait wait
did you pull it out yourself
oh you did was it loose even cuz I
thought you said yesterday wasn't even
loose but then I started we're going it
I put like I like it like this like like
my house my son behind it starts a
register right here then it got my tooth
be hard like thumb behind it and then it
wiggle me okay do me a favor can you say
suffering succotash suffering Chicka
gasp hey honey okay that's what I wanted
you to say exactly like that you guys
wait hahaha
Meghan Trainor you know who Meghan
Trainor is worse pushy just tweeted
hahaha you guys hi Meghan um girl I know
like thanks for your music oh my gosh I
struck from you know I'm gonna like this
lip like I'm gonna leave you guys I
don't want you to freak out but Meghan
Trainor just tweeted us
we're already freaking out you guys
I'm sure you'd like that Prague's - hmm
I know she's so key and pulled it out
himself no we showed him the bag of
water cookie go peach well Meghan
Trainor tweeted us tax did you know that
yeah did you know that dude and and your
hair in this thumbnail is my favorite
you guys see Jacksons hair and that
fender yeah right there by Gavin Gavin
Gavin listen Oh
focus quit fixing your hair for two
seconds
listen okay I get it Meghan Trainor and
or John Legend could be watching it
right now
you have anything to say y'all want a
collaboration Oh what Draenor look at
his tooth Meghan Trainor hey Meghan
by the way Meghan we know your good
buddy Charlie puth who was a youtuber
way back in the day now he's just like a
giant superstar so cool hi you know one
of our shaker Oh quit droppin names we
know Charlie booth we know Charlie booth
do we know Charlie booth Megan we could
week we like music - okay we gotta go
hey Megan Trainor tweeter s case alright
what's for dinner more importantly
what's for dinner oh yeah grandma's
party do not tell my mom Meghan Trainor
go here he comes
let's see that outfit dude got the
cowboy boots on we got him for Christmas
Eli come you look handsome pride brother
pride all right here put your coat on
you know yeah I know
hey listen mr. handsome I don't care how
handsome you are put your coat on right
now good let's go move it put it on
let's go
let the three-year-olds define me in
front of all these people oh don't make
me turn this camera off and smack you
kid okay let's go come on okay hey put
your coat on
was that good parent teens I do a good
job I don't know hey beautiful hey hey
what's going on toothless Joe everybody
to show those show my ring I hold it up
by your face what is this it's a really
big bag of one
like where's the bricks okay hey smile
at me there let me see that other one's
gonna fall out very soon too and he's
gonna be singing all I want for
Christmas is my two front teeth
/ - front butter uh it is you can
something that one prefer so grandma
happy 60th birthday drop broadest tooth
to your party I keep okay you swear
goldfish in that you had some crazy kids
on your hands lady let's go yo yo look
cool just rolled on up to the birthday
party to make it front-wheel-drive yeah
it's not twice
he's got sucked twice Cooper tomorrow is
ridiculous pick me one up - okay alright
we're here getting ready for Grandma
Laurie's yeah I'll tell you what we've
been decorating
and we're
take it down into one
Oh
okay
