now close your ears to the vinci library
already fat we're back okay well we're
back at the ear-piercing store or I mean
we have ears for the rest of your life
are you ready for them yeah you look
beautiful and you want to get some
scream are you anyway
sit welcome welcome welcome to song
Saturday with the Shaytards oh boy oh
boy it's a great show we have for you
today ladies and gentlemen we are
stepping here into the concert hall
where concessions are being sold me okay
how much are tickets you got mine okay I
have a paper Jackson cuz we already like
stole CSUN what he stole candy I is it
gonna be a good show to perform I got a
solid eight oh all right no ticket oh is
this concession stand I went to water do
you guys have any um snow cones
no snow cones we had ten a concession
stand is this oh I see is all have and I
see do you check this out I'm gonna turn
the lights up in the house I'm turning
the light alright well welcome to song
Saturday ring get situated here I'm
gonna get my eye sees and my popcorn and
we're getting our seats I'll see in a
second I get the lime or the grape
mm-hmm alright let's Center seats where
our seats are they assign seats no
actually you can see wherever you want
okay what receipt hmm sit down the shows
about to start sit sit sit
oh oh excuse me
oh what's going on up here in the front
row excuse me sir can you guys sit down
and silence your cellphone's yeah
thank you so good sir look at these
official tickets
Avia and Emmys concert $1.00 bring a
friend okay great advertising this thing
bring money and Friends you guys are
marketers for sure bring your money and
friends and bring your friends that have
money yes see you see what I'm saying
here
bring your friendly friends money yes a
look at how in-depth these tickets are
not only is there this side but you flip
them over and there's additional
information like date and time Saturday
at 2:00 oh goody snacks will be served
so you don't have to worry about coming
hungry excellent that's a great feature
of any concert song Saturday we're
having a last minute program change put
your hands together for Emmy what those
shoes sir fabulous click wink at me ok
so if you couldn't tell this footage was
supposed to be for the Shaytards song
Saturday but we got busy and didn't get
a chance to upload it but there's gonna
be another Shaytards song Saturday next
week don't worry I'm not gonna miss that
we want to keep doing it but I wanted to
leave this footage in because the girls
are so cute they plan all of this
themselves like I'll just get a text
from Colette saying hey there's a
concert in five minutes you got to come
downstairs I'd be like alright anyways
I'm very proud of my girls they got the
production spirit when do you say pink
Daxton oh is that a spicy one okay oh
he's hey you need to cut him off too
many tax in Tehran cackling me your eyes
watering Jackson did you have too many
of those that too much sugar huh hey no
no more of those kay I'm ready sugar I
mean I have you eaten any sugar
I mean promise have you seen her eat
sugar havea Emmy made a bet with me that
she's gonna go for 30 days without any
sugar and if she does she wins a
Polaroid camera and $100 and she's done
good so far how long has it been
coude 1e 8 more days who's counting
though right good I'm proud of you
that'll be good for you work hard for 30
days and earn something that you want
alright good good job ladies great
concession stand great production value
great concert I applaud you how much did
you make on the whole show yeah let's
count it up get it over to your
accountant Zeke ain't complainin
alright buddy we're going to clean the
stage up look we had a mosh pit in here
it's pure destruction I think somewhere
in here there was a grape I see that was
spilled on the floor by one of the
concert goers we got to sweep up all
right buddy come on this isn't a lounge
let's go move it move it who me okay
slinkys what's up sir slinky song huh
swanky suit and Wilton well spinning
around
look at my pinwheel and see what I found
can will pin wheels spinning around
looking like Benway let's see what I
found
oh my gosh and all of the Kadam is you
could ever need if you can play with all
of these yes I have sure plates every
single one at least once take have a
drink enough I like stealing candy from
a baby
now close your ears to the National are
you ready Pat
we're back okay well we're back at the
ear piercing store I mean we have ears
for the rest of your life are you ready
for that yeah she look beautiful
you ready nervous this is the big moment
for Avia she didn't have gummy bear
earrings no wait
what about sugar can i buy them she
forgot no mommy days you gone without
sugar now free tough really hard she's
having a tough time with it
but she's doing good I'm impressed is
that we even eating gum bananas and
apples to help try to not have candy
bars candy licorice ice cream here we go
three times a day until the whole bottle
is gone okay okay and I'll show you how
to clean your ears
I want to after a period of cleaning for
you or I could do it with the pressure
washer 30 psi ought to do it
this is a scary moment for a dad
this is my first dog where I got my very
first daughter getting her ears pierced
it's a monumental moment in my life and
in my daughter's life all right
I am I'm getting a little emotional over
here this is a big moment for my first
daughter it's hard for a daddy to see
his daughter grow up that Doug's crazy
smart with the dot wire with your
earrings and I'll let you in mom and dad
look and then I'm gonna bite where the
dots are with my squirrel teeth
wait are you serious yeah there's only
two weeks of school left yeah like two
weeks in two days - that's exciting
a fortnight of school left for tonight
that's two weeks yeah I don't know how
whoa I read a book I learned what a
fortnight was last weeks I've been using
that term a lot all right
x marks the spot make sure they're even
make sure they're even I just want to
make sure it is ready just wanna look
great on look at us let's see those
holes you because if you look from one
year to the other yeah it might look
straight at me havea nobody's ears are
symmetrical go fun fact it looks good to
me
well they're straight out and then
Charlie action do you see how they kind
of line up can you see him do you agree
with ya there you're here so like your
vote we can move the dots if you don't
like where they're lined up you like
only approve
100% are you hypnotized oh snap all
right put the holes in there let's go
get the stapler out oh here's where she
gets the diplom ace out first we need
the ear stretchers they take your ears
and they stretch it over like a big can
and then there's like a nail all right
okay and you wanna get it scream you
want me to just do it or do you want
care honestly one two three because
everyone's different I have to ask
because
some people need counting some people
can't have the campaign just very
cyclists are you anyway sit turn turn
your head a little bit let me see but oh
when I clean your ears we're singing
these people I was quick
look straight are you ready yeah okay
beautiful oh did it let's see turn to
the side let me see him
she's got pierced ears what do you think
do you like it okay so when you guys
clean your when you clean your ears
maybe you can use cotton balls or q-tips
it doesn't matter but if you use cotton
balls use a separate one for each year
and just dab it around your ear you'll
do this on both sides we'll start with
the front and then go ahead and twist it
and push it towards the back just a
little bit and um something happens in
the back gets pushed forward there's a
little like line on the post where it's
supposed to be so you can push it back
out and you shouldn't have any problems
in the backs but in case you guys do
have a problem in something happens
you're gonna go into middle school with
earrings you're gonna get to show off
their movement to her and then I'm
swimming is okay you like oh yes I do
alright well catch ears pierced oh she's
a big girl doesn't eat a sucker looks
good I like him so better to me you can
have one if I seem kinda valid thank you
guys River
queered well that's a wrap on poking
holes in your ears was it what you
thought it would be it was a different
what was it great now you're a what did
it feel like and if your pants would I
feel like shots would it feel like it
great you're not people yeah cuz that's
the markers they use when they put the
dot on there so yeah um what you think
there's a teeny bit less of a shop it
was nice as a shot yeah I worked on it
one of the ears it kinda got stuck so
then it was like extra the second one I
feel like yeah the second one didn't go
like is like uh and then it went and
then yeah so that one hurt hurt worse
but as if they were good they weren't
that's alright
your ears pierced finally after all the
time and argue and debate she finally
got them done then you're tripping out
about your life I am yes Alyssa
yes David you feel different like you
feel mature how do you feel sure so much
sure I feel good so great you're good
all right here's Pearson let's go eat
now what about kids but I like it Emmy
we're at dinner let's get food and Emmy
is two attacks attacks Rock are you
taking pictures rocks taking pictures
alright I wanna see these ponytails
letting me do your hair okay that's
pretty ponies pain cannot see it me put
your address let me believe it cool Mike
Wazowski hey how does it all right check
it out
back to Trump hair comb oh alright I
just got a package look at this who's
that from YouTube red
what are they sending us was it say hi
Shay you made it through prank Academy
oh this is for Jesse you know celebrate
we got you these goodies in gear now you
can prank in style we'd love it if you
could share a photo of you wearing these
items on Twitter and Instagram please
for the love of all the one Oh check it
out
got my certificate snaring Academy you
two red stickers Frank academy shirts
prank Academy backpack tuck this hair
this is a nice sweater
that prank Academy graduate shaycarl
class of 2006 what up peeps check it out
background Asian KC and Logan's episode
of prank Academy I prank him good tip
over this giant cake of a girl who we
made him think was in a wheelchair on
her birthday thanks Jesse and Jeana love
them love the present go check out our
episode links below no shit so I don't
know why it's hard for a dad to see
their daughter grow up and I can see
like as a daughter or I remember even
specifically being a younger person
feeling frustrated with adults because
you know I felt like they didn't give me
as a kid credit for like you know
understanding things you know I I didn't
like being treated like I couldn't
handle it you know I'm saying but adults
are just I feel like concerned about
pain you know what it means I'm just
worried that as my daughter gets closer
to that stage where she's gonna be
dating boys I know that inevitably means
that some jerk out there is gonna hurt
my daughter and it's gonna piss me off
and so I want her to be my sweet
precious angel that I know that I won't
hurt because I'm gonna protect her and
if some jerk doesn't then I'm gonna have
a real problem with that and that's how
I was taught as I was growing up so I've
always you know whenever there's a movie
where the guy hurts the girl I'm just
like oh like I get so mad like I'm like
you would protect your sweet angel so
you know as a father you feel that worry
I guess I don't know it's just maybe
it's maybe I'm controlling I don't know
I don't want to get psychoanalyzed here
okay people I just love my daughter
alright thanks for watching I'm not
crying just joking you sillies click on
yesterday's vlog see what the Shaytards
have been doing every single solitary
day for the last eight years you can
click on those numeric faces and they'll
take you magically to a different video
of what we're doing exactly on this day
one two three four five six seven eight
years ago you get it okay love you guys
thanks for watching we'll see you
tomorrow bye
