hey guys we are at the pool hanging out
Shay is flying today so you guys got a
block from us
maybe sure it might be long you never
know but it's gonna be fun cuz we're
gonna come baby charge see very Oh
beautiful look at your ring okay are you
have in front of the pool today yeah
yeah yeah yes yeah yes yeah yes yeah
you're silly
I'm tired how is the slide it's good how
many times have you gone down awesome
you saw our skin I'm getting a shot oh
did you get some sunblock dude always
wear your son how many times I gotta
tell you guys we go down I get your your
nan several of it let's go find Rob hard
not tied are you hanging out with looks
like you have a pretty girl
he wants to go everywhere you don't want
to drink the water
B&R mom it's not clothing your mom over
here step your water all the chemicals I
don't have a very good rob head boys do
i it sounds more like malachi malachi
has been at doggy daycare for a few days
Oh No hey stop drinking the water you're
gonna get sick easy boy
what's he doing he's just laughing and
calling
when we first got here he was so afraid
of the water he wouldn't get in I think
it was just tired and ornery but now
that he's warmed up to it he's not going
to want to leave what are you doing
bracelet shard remaining looks like you
got a Cheeto bogey gravity doe bogey
oh don't oh she just ate it I had no
control over that guys I am so sorry I
hear that you're talking about me well I
am because you just ate your boogers
don't get it you're this are you having
fun baby card you're cool it's like a
hundred degrees out here
you're just a cachito he knows guys then
she just ate it so she just ate your
burger
