pretty darn precious what it is
Katie letting shaycarl got the cutest
kids and maybe up on YouTube making all
events and if you don't know I'm gonna
tell you like this like this like son's
heart got all the girls on them got him
wondering how do you get so handsome
okay and baby turn she got that baby
girl swag she can get a little crazy
just like her dad what a rock card I see
you starting the water hit that stinky
leg then he hit the driver prison start
where you whack girlfriend back
handspring it's a perfect 10 huh yeah
you know they PDF AP two years done and
he's on two three we're ready for a
video so let it be clear
hey he's foggy here dude flex it out are
you interviewing
would you make it trade for a buffalo
belt for that necklace loser just gonna
check yeah just tired
we've been uploading our videos how did
that go when it went up no now we're
looking for a pull the way to find on
there's a hole oh we should go tonight
interview I'm not showing you you
tankini your arms looking buff intended
so your arms about the tents yeah okay
go go promote yourself go silver gee
there
these guys are you guys are giving them
away or what's going on here
you are giving the artist free jeans
that makes sense right artist nope will
not fit me my wife loves them her bomb
looks awesome in silver chains
I would only squeeze my wife's pump if
she's wearing silver dreams so I'm like
a sellout like a hundred thousand
dollars per se oh honey what size do you
wear small really small bunch like a
I don't know she wears like she wears a
one she's heard sighs what are you where
where where these are for my wife
but are they 33 long like five foot two
though okay honey
grow up you're so short I got you some
jeans I love you
I can't wait to grab your button these
hey clay nice silver jeans too are the
best husbands ever ever best husbands
ever sees ever you don't need to go to
forever 21 just come to Lollapalooza hey
here we are at Lollapalooza dates knew
what this hotter today than it was
yesterday
that means more sweat it's alright I'm
with that look what I've brought with me
from the hotel oh yeah I'm good to go
you know that sucks a little bit sweat
off but it gets hot out here man it's
super hot it's super humid
there's a lot of people it's a lot of
fun a lot of music there's a lot of
trees into the trees they're good of
trees why not get it appreciate the
trees what we're doing right now is
we're about to head over to get on a
golf cart to be dripped over to the nice
Peter show movies I'm losing my voice or
just screaming so much we're heading
over to the nice Peter show these guys
won't let me through unless I show them
this pass
I gotta go here we go to the events
we're going to see nice Peter at his
concert alright so basically right now
we're trying to get around this park
it's such a big park late stages
following you Jamie
we're going right now to the Dell
mountains density to punch KC in the
phase as we hate him
nice
I'm about to do if she would cooking
scared we're gonna get on the back of
this bumper turn around and wait on it
make this car awful car go Willie down
the road he's here
ready all right sign stop it approp
inappropriate there's Charles and now
Charles the Andrew Pelosi was his hair
it gets us into everywhere we go he'll
say don't matter
his hair is our passport show the hair
we're in we're in we get everyone to go
hang out with compared to yours that's
true hairs all smooth expensive
conditioner high condition it I can
issue a regularly
is that a fat joke a lot of ice right
there a lot of ice going on spice okay
guys we're about to go into the Dell
tent Dell is sponsoring this entire
Lollapalooza 400 up there the entire
sponsor anyways we're going in to see
nicepeter right now who wants to see
nice Peter I know I do let's go
nice
I sit down in my computer see which we
have done so far it's just nice to see
reality it's just a cool family be good
to each other I'm so tired
terrible people being in line for being
terrible people
well here is hot so and you're in
Toronto
your wife is father
oh hey
all right so here we go we just saw
nicepeter perform live at the stage at
the Dell Venue oh my goodness gracious
and now we're heading into the M&M show
hey hey oh right right right heaven
they're deaf tone-deaf counts first
M&M next go to the Deftones show me up
all you interview yeah you're totally
support the depth own show right now
look at this so this is all right I mean
that's like here you like Michigan hey
this is so fun hello lucky ducky okay
ducky if you're a fan of the Deftones we
are now backstage at the Deftones shams
a summer jam we call it a summer jam
long goose don't forget you guys want to
watch this live on youtube go to
youtube.com slash Lollapalooza to watch
a lot of these concerts live on YouTube
right now Oh miss a dude there's already
250 thousand people here enjoying it
we're backstage right out the Death Zone
this show check it out live on YouTube
here we are at Lollapalooza watchin
CeeLo green here this payment song
Chicago's shit it looks like seeing us
what's a Chicago song Pete at me right
now it said it looks like a cartoon it
does look it's so gorgeous man the blue
skies Chicago yeah yeah yeah all right
so we're going up we're going to Eminem
right now we're trying to make it to the
M&M show where hustle and bustle horses
boy there's horses where's the weren't
they
I know we have 18 wrists man let's go
see let's go try it you want to try it
yeah let's try it let's just go we don't
see one get it right here we are here in
Chicago it is muddy watch your mouth
Marshall Mathers we're at The Eminem
Show right now play music just move
right over this fence we're just getting
a breeze on this golf cart up top
so good this breeze there's
marshallmatters right over here at ready
