Oh
here we are back at the foot Braille
bridge this is where Casey saved how is
life such a moment no jump rope you got
more to live for I guess we're even way
to save his life Ali is Rob that's for
sale
they take debit cards that's sweet man
this is radical wow it's a taxi Chicago
water taxi interesting these buildings
this is so neat
isn't this neat guys is this so cool
super SuperDuper neat thread it down to
the concert right now you guys go into
Lollapalooza we're going down right now
to check it out we're walking and it's
not too hot I'm not sweating too bad but
I'm really disappointed in myself
because I forgot my wash rag what's a
wash rag why do you wash right cuz I
tend to get sweaty sometimes and
sometimes it's nice to have a dry small
wash rag from the hotel room in my
pocket to relieve myself of the
sweatiness I forgot that so I feel like
I'm like walking out on a plank I'm
gonna go buy a t-shirt that's what we're
gonna talk about maybe I'll buy a
Lollapalooza t-shirt I'll use that to
you know dampen my brow off my brow what
do you do you mop your brow you ever mop
your brow forgets whatever yeah right
Holly's the sweatiest chicken little
person
hey let's steal that Segway check this
out it's a trash compactor that's solar
power
good job Chicago way to tag your green
oh crap Robert Morris George Washington
and ham Solomon they're holding hands
are playing Red Rover this is the very
first game of Red Rover ever Red Rover
Red Rover send Thomas Jefferson right
over those were the good old days come
on Charles you know play it like these
these buildings are it's all I was good
at Red Rover because that's like a
little like stout kid I just like get
down low to the ground I just freakin
run you ever play Red Rover you know
what that is
who knows what Red Rover is yes play Red
Rover right Oh like I remember like I
was like the stout little kid and I
would just get my head down and I would
run so hard I'm like right in between
two little girls like ripped their arms
out of their sockets you know the kids
was good like their forum yeah it's like
hitting it as hard as that you can run
ridiculous I love that game
bagel now I'm coming so here we are on
Wacker Drive right on the corner of
Talley and wacker I'll meet you there
we're on the corner of Talley and wacker
meet me down are you really you like it
thanks ma'am you're a pervert we're
making friends of the train yard down
there
man wait we are going backstage with the
two pretty bullets of the internet Hey
hello see show me your shirt there's
cast minutes take teeny again hang up
lock you guys got them never blog like
an exciting moment yeah
Kassem got arrested earlier but Qasim
was at the wrong place at the wrong time
with like 30 teenage kids ten what
happens when you're round and you're
wearing sleeveless tees who knows we're
backstage hair all up lose it again
right now I don't know who it is we're
going out there because Lisa's gonna
make the video over
like basically pops coffee and it's fun
man and it's sweaty
I am super sweaty it's hot I need to
find myself a towel I've been going to
like the different like restaurants and
booths like anybody who has like looks
like they might have a towel I keep
going to these people on my I will give
you $20 for that towel and they're like
cool it's a widow we don't have another
100 i sir says like I I'm not even
joking I will give you $100 for a dry
white towel so we're on a mission I'm
gonna find one by the end of the day I
promise we get crowded in front of these
guys are a band I think that's Cherry
Garcia Cherry Garcia crowded in front of
us very Cherry Garcia
it's very Cherry Garcia so we're waiting
basically at this tent there's these
little um cards that come get you system
is the screen blurry it is
let me deep blur this I had a deep blur
the screen people are apparently Mikey
she's about to yell somebody here we go
we are at long show us your power
show us your credentials on your wrist
this is what's gonna get us in
everywhere this badge this is our leader
she's a strong role model and this is
our driver
- she's buff dude she's buff apparently
this guy started Lollapalooza hey thank
you for starting Lollapalooza we
appreciate it
this dude apparently started
Lollapalooza who is he oh I feel
embarrassed he was putting a like pea
goodbye concert open up together POW and
then just got it got huge and huge
that's exciting
hey that's the guy festival we're at hey
guys
license and registration please we are
now driving back I don't know where
we're going but I feel like we're going
to the ninth hole Oh Reba
she's blogging for the fro this bus and
I'm in the back and I'm stuck in trees
right now
hey there's big enough for you I mean I
guess so it's pretty good
dude it is probably so sweaty out there
this is awesome this is sweet olive
blues is in effect happening right now
oh my gosh
there's 20 people out here it's crazy
check this out oh my personas this is
shows about to start skyline is
beautiful the helicopter hey guys let's
see if anybody will say hi to us behind
the fence ready you guys are going over
what are you guys doing down there what
are you doing up there what are you
doing down there by the fence
more often you guys here's having a good
time grab my camera and film over there
you guys I'm gonna trust this guy
hey you promise you'll give it back okay
film dude
film some stuff pull yourself say hi
introduce yourself and she tell you go
without me what up my name's Steve
I'm from Canada from Idaho Idaho
everybody wave feel like I know you for
so long I know we're like getting along
so well this is my buddy what was your
name again I don't listen I'm Steve
Steve dismal events that weird he was
gonna do it he was I did me and Steve
are making a connection and we haven't
even seen each other can you see me
knowing cannot okay go to the website
youtube.com slash a chart and you'll see
you're such a charge a turns yeah
perfect check it out and don't forget my
worksheet are having fun Lollapalooza
they're from Canada
my buddy
we are about to go to the greatest place
on earth the mister
hold on let me do my shirt walking
through the crowd yes we're here
you'll stick around for squeaks I saw a
guy with a Karl Malone age on chest
jersey am i five the Casey just sided
with her John Stockton jersey brutal you
old school Utah Jazz we're here at
Lollapalooza you see there's a million
people here there's a lot of music
there's a lot of sweatiness is super
super duper sweaty you're like eight
feet tall and go on tour guide follow
the Hat everybody follow that don't get
lost
follow Pelosi follow I know we're
following the Hat you know who the he is
the nephew of like Ezra people dancing
is these Nancy Pelosi's nephew he's a
handsome devil and he's smart and oh
hello hello
I like your beard
we're beard brothers
I think they are excited to see this
next artist
tag me tag him in dang it
Oh
okay you guys listen I know what some of
you are thinking you're thinking show
take a deep breath of fresh air here we
go
Jaxson
you guys are too handsome young Devils
you know that tall dark and handsome
these days
carry on sir Charles actually knows this
guy is playing right now we're gonna go
try to talk to Sonny they sent me a
message but the security guys are very
much happy and we ran away so he told us
to meet at the trailer after work
will you change much Charles knows the
artist that's so cool yo this is going
so we were just walking and it was going
way too slow in a lot of weekly we had
to get out of this and this guy is like
we're going we're gonna mainstays you
want to come to the front and the
drummer's name is Jason so everyone
I just had to try to make some extra
money you're gone
shredding at me my VidCon
you
