Oh
okay yeah are you ready to go yet I
guess outfit idea bloody thing which
half of this one or this one white or
blue which would you like better white
we're really good at changing ours right
one which one do you like blue which one
was better with a shirt like this
classic red and white look but the blue
is also nice which one you like white
good I don't want to pick because I want
to watch you do that more and should get
a bunch of hats and do this I just found
the talent I never knew I have this one
hey guys guess what your dad's the best
hat changer in the world
Oh seriously are you proud what does
your dad do for a living he's a head is
that okay let's see like industry Oh
tricky like this one oh you're gonna
have to work on that this one yeah
cuz you have to have it maybe right in
the right area faster cuz you're
changing with your right you know
no you're all gonna try this at home now
you know you owe
the airplane is going to land on us it's
gonna land right on the minivan our band
is a landing pad for this plane it's
gonna hit us
especially in person into the law what
was it Air Tahiti nut Oh
so talk I got the kids are in the van
show me in my tank top
it's a tankini the mama card tell them
the sad news mom's being deported Chile
turns out Oh chilly
I love to date sorry wait hold on no
vlogging I had to figure out where we're
gonna go so don't miss it like we did
last time others - cops - I can't drop
the camera - hey guys we're just here up
here for fun - Idaho
Cornish your chicken our bags they're
all leaving so I'm a seaman three days
how long three days right wait wait
what's today I leave tomorrow or fifth
six seven oh geez
let's not do this let's get back get
your bags let's not go let's not go by I
love you are they batard this is the sad
part we excited to go back here you
remember this place
are you sad we're leaving you here I'm
gonna miss you Oh miss you too dude we
have to take malachite to a doggy
daycare while we're gone because nobody
else can watch them I know a lot of you
guys are probably volunteer but we don't
know you and we don't want you killing
and eating our dog for some reason if
you're hungry I don't know why you would
do that why would you eat my dog stop
eating my dog anyway it'll keep it I'm
here it's really nice place there's no
cage just they didn't really in Rome
there's a lot of foam and Patty there's
cats to chase they have you know stray
cats that they bring here and just let
the drug dogs chasing its own right no
just kidding that doesn't really happen
but it'd be hilarious and it did matter
under videographer who shares my
family's gone it was really hard for me
this time I was like come on they're
there in Idaho I'm gonna go there to
them so I got this big house you should
do a big party can we meet Brett I know
the very pink
they will Ben
that's nice right the silence I'll tell
you what in my life I don't get a lot of
silence I've really come to appreciate
just cuz there's so much noise I'm
making most of it I make most of the
noise but just with four kids and we
usually always have somebody over in our
house you guys have seen there's usually
always two or three other people over in
our house whether it's friends from
YouTube or co-workers from maker studios
or we're doing the weigh-ins and then
we're at VidCon and then we're traveling
all over the place and now I'm going to
Lollapalooza I'm about to go pack my
bags to go to wallop lose I just dropped
Malachi off he's gonna be at that
freakin dog it's like it's a nice place
it's it's like they call like a dog
hotel or whatever there's like no cages
and they have like all these pads and
they can like run around frolic and I
think you know they have like
Lamborghinis that they drive probably
and you know they talk about that our
pension funds and stuff like that
anyways now I'm going to Lollapalooza
apparently there's gonna be 250 thousand
people at this thing I had no idea it
was so big a quarter of a million people
going to a concert that's insane that's
actually be interesting cuz you know a
lot of these videos get 250,000 views or
higher so to be able to see 250,000
people in one place like oh these are
all the Shaytards
people watch I don't know just weird
member thing thing I'm building my face
my face I'm about to go pack to go to
this trip and it's gonna be really
exciting a lot of people coming Casey's
coming we're meeting him in Long Beach
tomorrow morning Brett's coming Kasim's
come a nice Peter Danny Lisa Ben I mean
a lotta it's gonna be a cool experience
we might do a meet-up
I'm not sure because we have a lot of
meetings so we actually have to do and
then we have to be covering the festival
because I think we're going there with
YouTube music so we're gonna be covered
covering like all the bands and
hopefully I can meet Dave Grohl from the
Foo Fighters he's so awesome he's gonna
be there in Chicago so hopefully I'll
see you if you guys are going to all the
Palooza we'll all be there hopefully
we'll see you there
say hi to us if you do I heard it's
gonna be hot I apologize now for the
amount of sweat that we will pass to
each other and that's uh it's it's gonna
be it's gonna be exciting mommy tart and
the kids are in Salt Lake I just got off
the phone with Casey Casey and Caylee
wouldn't pick them up so they have them
and they're gonna get them a car rent
them a car and then mommy turds can hang
out with them tonight and then Casey's
gonna fly out tomorrow and then mommy
tardy and Caylee will take the kids and
go and they'll hang out for a few days
then when we get down a Lollapalooza I
mean in case you're gonna fight back to
Salt Lake and then we're gonna go meet
up with them and then we're flying back
to LA on the 13th it's just this it's
like it's like we just got done with
VidCon that was like a little three four
day trip you know we were here in LA but
we're like at this hotel all times less
mommy tards heart to her credit she
literally just unpacked all the kids
stuff everything to wash it just to put
it back into a suitcase to head out to
this next new little adventure in our
lives we realized that we have been
crazy all over the place and just
haven't had a chance like sit down and
talk to you guys I hope you guys have
had fun I hope you've enjoyed the
footage we've been doing a lot of crazy
things and I know it's kind of hard to
keep up and some of the days have been
mixed up with like two days because
there's so much going on and Brett has
been a life saver like honestly I mean
you I bet you the vlogs would have
stopped right now with how busy I am
doing other stuff that I should the
vlogs would probably have stopped if it
wasn't for Brett like helping us or they
would just be you know you guys me
pissed off at me but they've been good
lately 20 minutes vlogs I mean some of
you guys don't care I'm talking to the
core people right now the people who
watch every day so I feel like they've
been pretty good they've been exciting
right guys so mommy that's gonna suck
because you know we're all gonna be in
Chicago and mommy tarts gonna be in
Idaho so we're gonna try to get a drop
box on mommy turrets computer so that
she can send footage to Brett and then
Brett will get my footage from us
hanging out in Chicago at Lollapalooza
and we can like Penna do like a
back-and-forth like what la you are
doing in Idaho
what's Shay doing in Chicago and we'll
kind of try to do back and forth but um
you know mommy Turner has to she only
has this MacBook Air the small MacBook
Air because her computer broke I'm not
gonna sit here and bore you with all of
my fine details in my life well that's
what I just did but that's what we're
doing and you're along for the ride so I
figured we might as well talk about it
if you have any questions just raise
your hand
anybody anybody day we have question I'm
looking I'll just I'll answer your
question right now all right I guess
none of you have any questions it's
funny cuz a lot of you okay um we'll
talk soon and now I'm gonna get over
this man oh where does that look I'm
sitting in a van this is where I am I'm
in my garage this is Davie tard scar
from the last video Rousseau that our
producers coming to get it tonight
mommy cards a new bike she hasn't really
used I haven't really shown you guys
yeah the princess charge knows how to
ride a bike now she can ride a bike
without training wheels we kind of did
that whole thing where we went and we
bought her that bike and I told her I
wasn't a teacher well I did teach her
but we don't have any footage of it
that's it okay so let's go pack I'm
gonna get her this man it starts to feel
weird I miss mommy thar this is mommy
thorns man oh here's another freakin
chore I have tonight I have to figure
out how to get my truck and the van
inside this garage and I think that my
truck might be too long to fit inside
yes have I showed you this is where I'm
gonna build a skateboard halfpipe I
haven't showed you yet this is it right
here dude it's gonna be I already
measured it out 18 feet long
ten and a half feet wide by like four
and a half feet tall like a little mini
vert ramp and it's plenty high enough
cuz look this goes up like 15 feet so
it'll be you know from the wall you know
out to like this edge right here so
that'll be plenty of wide and then you
know like 18 feet long that should be
enough like on the bottom for you
skateboarders do you think would they be
sweet it is a
fly on an aeroplane to go to Chicago
we are headed to Lollapalooza today and
it's gonna be exciting there's case
cases waving at me
vlogging myself Brad are you excited go
to wallet Palooza I am Brett's from
Chicago right shot so I know Chicago is
a town Jack town and that's that's my
extent of knowledge about Chicago I've
been to Chicago only in the airport
twice oh you should actually go I'll
take you to all the cool places on the
inner circle where you have to swear
it's not a family-friendly fun it looks
like dicks where I was that in Vegas
I want my every hotdog please with
ketchup thank you to Chicago's is the
true place you guys with me hi hi
Charles Charles and Ellie they're coming
to hi Carl's case is actually on the
other side I flew from Salt Lake here to
Long Beach this morning
now they go through security tart I
excited as there they go to Chicago I
think it's a house when the wolf was
blowing down the pigs house he was
wearing these shoes whenever he was like
I'm gonna huff and puff and wear these
purple Nikes and blow your house down
how embarrassing every in the airport's
gonna laugh at me I bought it lisanova
sold me on here we go up all to our
check
yeah ready our powers combined
there we go we're safe we're safe now
how many logs right
little
so look at her she's all giddy oh
there's Lisa Nova getting off the plan
that Lisa Nova it's Lisa Nova she
doesn't want Lisa Nova Tzadik she don't
want ours either now he's little-known
fact about a nice Peter used to live
here for ten years something like that
that's wrong I don't think it was even
ten years but it sounds it's a long time
to play it's really over
Peter is also 73 years old live in LA 24
years I've never been here before so
where we at
hey this is Chile's Chicago
is this where that because break up was
filmed with is famously known for the
breakup with Reese Witherspoon oh man I
hate this town already the sound sucks
I don't know nothing I don't know
nothing about it it's like literally
can't vlog that being ridiculed by
everybody I know so kind of people I
hang out it's like I say one thing wrong
Bouchet
you know you said the reset Jennifer and
instead of Patrick Swayze you know
that's like say never I watch guys know
that my buddy Jonathan Shh is in and
Roadhouse - he's my friend Lisa white
house is such a good easy load off -
every time it's on TV I watch it every
single time I've never had any mother
was Roadhouse to it yeah he's a hot than
some man meat you know that's pretty hot
Alicia so anyway what I say it was my
slimmest Reese Witherspoon she's my
celebrity crush do you have a celebrity
crush leave in the comments below here
we are in Chicago I feel very small and
excited and it's not very hot like I
thought it'd be a lot more humid like
sweaty but it doesn't feel too bad
actually
check it out check out the building boom
Shakalaka
alright so here we are we just landed
back to our hotel everybody is so
enjoying their flip cams out so annoying
this alley
there's threats there's Peter Parker's
hurt the shoots and edits of poor
defenseless get a better chance show
what this knocks charles down and gotta
go Gago gah gah gah get go what's
this song from Vicki what's a Chicago
Chicago know like what would be on that
movie
ladies and gentlemen
Nikki my earlier reducer at maker
studios is about to have an offspring
only turn off back to tell us about are
you excited and nervous
we're just mocking Mickey's child when
it is mocking Nikki's unborn child you
know what everything I've ever in the
comments is why your unborn child boy to
boy guess what his name is
that's what I mean literally Lisa did
you hear what he said
no no he's serious do not watch the
Shaytards
we've covered this months ago yeah Lisa
you big jerk thanks for not watching
everything my videos are you going with
Logan Satan and we'll see what his name
but he's not joking if you guys remember
from another video he is gonna name his
son's middle name danger that's awesome
that's awesome read so a threat edit
this gang one join me that like so it
shows a bus red carpet our Lee David
store
back here that's uh you know what's
funny I know your theme song but I can't
remember mine right now I think it's the
same way too
that's like I don't even know who you
are and I remember right oh that song
looks broken
I know it's like sideways on a screw
this fruit dude alright three in the big
steak and with the coffee and we're just
talking about a good steak place right
where are we by the way what is this
place called no bill defranco's build
Stefania Stefan is Stefan he does great
thing what do you get right
hey know pretty intense I think I'm
gonna get the crab legs wrap things up
get the big stink to me and Peter are so
mostly to share with this guy
the Riverwalk bridge check out this you
know this guy this is really cool this
totally reminds me of the you know the
break-up right this is like this is also
where Christopher Columbus's cousin
found America and shame was that in the
movie I don't think you were just
because you're from Chicago doesn't mean
you can make up things that don't have
movies in them oh how cold will it be if
I jumped in there how deep is it down
there it's somewhere between 3 feet and
200 feet I think that's a big
discrepancy like it's deep enough you
could jump in okay it's at bucks it's a
good question how much would it take I
would do it if I knew it was deep enough
I would jump off this bridge just for
the opportunity to do it if the price
was right
how much Lake Erie right if you sort of
pay your money right now how much to
jump off really yeah oh how much when
you do it for I think it's just like you
know that's like all the urine in the
city being pumped into the river oh
we're taking a video
all right this isn't a video I don't
want to be a part of it shaycarl
shaytards thanks Pelosi get down from
there you hooligans
get down from there you would against
all I'll call the police
that better not be nice Peter on top of
that bridge foot Braille it says its
foot Braille welcome to Chicago
I hope you enjoy your stay here please
what's that please don't step on the gum
that's a curse traitors dance let me see
you dance since pom pom poms I'm Irish
jig that's why I used to do Irish jigs
yeah you said fire stands for years well
who didn't you know yes that's the
problem
everybody's done that a nice purse oh do
not kill your fiance
JC levira saved the day good job case I
feel like they all wanted her to commit
suicide I do don't have a stuntwoman for
that for the season brats my vine over
your right shoulder totally accidental
but hilarious at the same time you're
very Peter yes what's going on bro all
right so we're headed back to the hotel
and it's been an awesome like first day
in Chicago I cannot wait for that up a
loofa tomorrow like I've said before
apparently and I like yet to believe it
when I until I see it answer 280,000
people let's say mas ton of personas
take a night rose good night Charles
thank you I'll spray the hotel
say good night Charles thank love you
guys we will see you tomorrow at
Lollapalooza
hey right now I'll put up next I see
what a three is it makes up a summer
Lollapalooza on 97.3 with Ali's speed
next we got the end of the video
