Oh
ha
and the same
J be funny Roger is being funny we call
him a growl turn a cold our drink oh my
my by a big girl all right of it look at
his shirt by the way you know it's a
soap box derby shirt I just noticed this
as I was changing his diaper because I'm
a good father you are like that's just
like my new video on youtube.com slash
Aykroyd and check it out right now
look right here on his shirt I'll be an
annotation click to go see it but yeah
where did you set just I thought that
would go as planned or tell somebody
gave it to us is just a coincidence
somebody gave it to it and then I notice
I'm like hey you don't know we're
talking about on my shaycarl channel my
other channel I did
so box derby race Sam a corny go check
it out do somebody realize I have two
channels because I've seen some comments
on my Shaytards and Oshea charts to get
a million views what he has to learn
about I have a different channel called
the shaycarl channel it's a totally
separate channel it has in my view not a
million views a million subscribers
Shaytards is the different matter play a
game of why don't you look like
a grow up we'll worry about to talk
about everyone without oh right right
right right okay so I what are we in a
test okay this is what we do whoever
gets the fortune in the rapid the
coachmen only you should say like this
is bollocks a man who said this is about
our YouTube career or this is about our
financial situation so we usually make
it specific about something that's about
to happen in our lives so what should we
say in this one so we're about to go on
a little trip
our mom is going back to Idaho daddy's
going to Chicago for a few days and then
go in to meet the family in Idaho and
we're going to be in Idaho telling like
we can our something so let's say that
this fortune has to do with this coming
trip okay Oh ready
I hear fortunate it's for fortune so
let's see what it says
you are very expressive and positive in
Word active feeling that's not a fortune
that means you have to make a lot of
videos while you're on their trip
impressive and positive in Word and
feeling that's totally bullcrap what is
not unfortunate SunGard let's hear yours
tell us about sign cards oh this is the
same one ago lunch everyone without last
time I remember explaining to him what
potential you have Oh Sun tarts gonna be
rich oh no I mean he's gonna be rich and
I can retire early that's exactly what
it means
hear that rock turn we don't have to get
jobs or it will for everyone
nom nom nom nom nom he's like this
outfit I think it's pretty stylish right
it's pretty stylish like make sure
somebody's at the door
us too busy looking myself oh so I'm
just gonna get it whether you're doing
that you're minding me of the dude from
the Lord of the Rings like that short do
with the axe cuz you're fired so big you
know I'm talking about
Gimli I think yeah yeah Hey Joe it's
showplace what's up Gimli I don't know
enough his life I don't either yeah like
what did you say Hey hi hi how long
until you cut it yeah what are you gonna
cut yours let's let's let's make an
impact right now that you can't cut your
ass I cut mine I was thinking of maybe
shaving the head just having just the
beard that would be sweet if you guys
have never seen Joe has a great video he
had a beard like that once and he made
this video where he shaved it into like
more like six different things or
somehow lets go shaving
let's go shaving and you just like
basically shapes as beard into all these
funny different things
Hitler included speaking of which are
you what if you just text today so I
haven't droid
X but not a draw next commercial because
I was writing I was writing a comment on
a forum and I was reading about Hitler
so I typed in Hitler I can't say this
yeah you can I don't care
gun okay so I typed in Hitler and my
phone corrected it to Butler which is my
last name yeah well I guess it's public
right hey guys nice to me I'm Shae
Butler we're about to go help Brett move
right what two good friends we are how
we good friends you just kind of got
roped into it yeah I'm like hey Joe want
to go for a ride with me helped Brett
move alright so we're going up to
Topanga Canyon let's go
well we probably talked in the truck
show you want to talk to the truck you
might we'll see we're not we're not
we're not gonna talk our beards are
gonna talk in the truck okay bye how do
I look
what are you doing Joe how do you like
my color scheme what do you think it's
tip my bright guy I know internet famous
celebrity legend Tay Zonday of Chocolate
Rain Pam told me I look like an immature
kid in this shirt yeah well and I said
hey I love this shirt it's me it's my
color problem have you had it a long
time I had it for like a year and then
Tay Zonday schlemiel looks stupid in it
so I felt self-conscious so I don't
where it's right I kind of agree knowing
I wouldn't wear it I like it I think
it's fun
hey you know what you're supposed to
wear what you got Gooden so you solisten
Tay Zonday and Joe Felice and go to hell
anyways so this is my outfit I saw this
you ever like put just you know right
when you wake up you just like put
whatever on cuz you figure you're going
to like change this has been one of
those want days I've just laid around
I'm like I'm not changing my outfit
that's what I had only through that word
I was like no wonder I don't like and
today it just seemed comfortable your
hair and how that's getting longer
sometimes I look at you with with that
hair and I think you look kind of like
Bill Hicks Bill Hicks yeah hi I'm Bill
Hicks oh yeah yeah sundar goes nice pink
salmon shirt then he beat me up and took
my lunch money
all right we're going to breasts let's
go thanks for come with your truck shake
I'm the best
I'm gonna check out your sweet trailer
skills I wore this shirt for you today
you pop it - I know pop dollars and
that's how you like it your shirt like
you like to wear all right you got a
little douchebag powder oh there you go
okay so give me back in my ganache gonna
strap your pretty straight yeah but it's
a bridge so is it is it gonna hold the
trailer is it like a heavy bridge like a
strong bridge
um well well it'll be good flog footage
no matter what dude this makes it
unfailing I better get half the CPMs
your multi tasker you're vlogging and
move on vlogging and driving this is a
song made up as a by the way I'm really
sweaty right now and if you're watching
this then I decided to leave it in but
if it's out then I'm too sweaty to be
shown
oh god it's not sexy go tell me if
that's good if that's that's good
two-ply go out of your door to get
stuffing oh let me steer
alright um yeah I think that's good we
should just move yeah
we will come on that door let's pull it
up so the back of the trailers we could
do that it's all granite you got to get
that trailer as close to the door as
possible that's key all right how you do
these thanks for wearing your pink shirt
for me today almost got hit by a trailer
yeah yeah I see I see what you mean like
we want this oh there's a path here back
up now so it's like right as we come on
piss than people right into the tram I
don't even know that was possible
I don't know it looks really difficult
do except for charger flipcam it's low
on battery on high yeah you wanted
remover call 208 through two-three rock
that to do I don't know whoever whatever
poor soul has that phone number has
disconnected it by now so I'm sure lots
of you don't worry it's all blurry right
here totally a blurry shown it before
but don't call it just some random
person in that case it's not blurry this
is the establishing shot to show that
you're moving stuff established hey is
it established
we're moving stuff in the forest this is
where you belong
quite doing us you're not not get your
buddy in there you're working it
shaycarl got a couch on his face Shay
Carl he'll move anything it doesn't
rhyme doesn't have to it's a moving song
Wow look at this good are you gonna
terrace let's fly this year it's like it
oh man that's be room for the mattress
and for the box very good slide on top
yeah
really trust me on that one oh man
slipped plenty of mattress on top of
that and now he is four little buns I
didn't like it take the blanket together
for bunk beds those are kids from sock
mattresses
I'll have this way I have mattresses
what's the question is about to pass is
it gorgeous oh man Lou the house you
like him in Logan Canyon my brother
Casey just made a vlog from Logan Canyon
in Logan Utah and this kind of reminds
me of it but this is what is this where
are we Ganga Canyon a mouse Angeles
California this is like right where
Malibu is down here but we are driving
through the canyon at eight whoa baby 25
miles an hour I feel bad because there's
all these like motorcycles and people
behind me there's like 800 Prius is
behind me right now I think there's an
army of Priuses bearing down on us as we
speak those mountains
Montano still up some Megan say hi dear
the camera I do too the camera hey
what's up Megan sing-songs do you want
to sing a song right now is that weird
to ask you to do that I could sing a
song by how much of a voice mail thing
don't make excuses just do it all right
um tell me now gonna get to you somehow
gonna find my way tonight you know I'll
be all right
you go gone I want the ambiance of the
ocean and you see me now gonna get to
you somehow gonna find my way tonight
you know I'll be your gates again you
got my Ursula all of a sudden I'm gonna
see which oh oh oh you please dress up
as Ursula for Halloween I like a great
area and this is my scuttles geese
cuddles Joe right right can be here yeah
Eric but daddy I love him look at this
stuff isn't it neat wouldn't you think
my collections complete
wouldn't you think I'm a girl a girl who
has everything look out there you can
see Sebastian now I love you Sebastian
so you guys uh I know that I sing better
than Megan does but if you thought she
was okay doesn't suck too bad check out
her channel tell him your channel name
conscious MLT Ong yes and I will not let
her link in my pants because it'll
definitely tell she will tell Brett
Brett Brett Brett Brett Brett is on with
her pants link me Brenda to put me in
the pants man he's not into that though
hey it's kind of boyfriend you know what
I just realized
Tania's is an anagram of Jetson you're
almost like with the Jetsons
you found out my secret also you can
sing pretty good
I'm my face Oh Joe mr. anagram find a
game for you
I call him my little sweet pumpkin
anagram what's an anagram for pumpkin
Joe ah nothing comes to mind every hard
one too many consonants tell us some
more anagrams I got the rest of the
anagram what is it
Meghan tonjes in total anagrams - he man
G jetson G Man G Jetson you'd have to
cartoons press Joe on yes
hey Eman G Jetson to meet you nice to
meet you
honey did you know Gina Angie Jetson I
think it's a stupid anagram sure you
couldn't come o even what was it I was
so stupid girl nobody kid stepping on my
head Lou this life I live stupid yellow
tell how I was always treated me poorly
very comfortable and you go cry hey be
nice to melikhaya
we have a trapped baby he's got himself
on the ledge it doesn't know what to do
should we should we save him or film him
alright let's save him
oh you were released from the mind that
is terrifying and I'm a 31 year old man
that is a lot of hair that is more matte
your hair is more mass than his entire
body I am the knight of the glass table
I thought you want a beer I want a beard
you don't want yeah I want a beer you
want a beard oh that's a beer so I could
beat son Carl I'm going to shave my
beard off and give some of it to you I
want to grow up your didn't be son Carl
son Carl alright did your son eat our
my hey loves it oh all right
run about run about do your baby thing
dude how's it good workout there's a
doctor
reading about these guns you want to
come to the gun show huh rock hard
that is disgusting I'm gonna throw this
baby through the roof this is the moment
he's going he's going straight through
the sky going to touch me he's going
straight to the sky the sky baby to the
skies and lemon are we all ready to drag
ha ha the manhole that was like close to
right so I am doing the laundry because
I am such a good husband I need clean up
the leg dryer oh yes I do it's so linty
know why you're really doing laundry
yeah okay comedy okay so um today
apparently I've been aware I've been
made aware via Twitter that we exist on
a little website called parent fails
calm or something like that and it seems
like a lot of it is we can't see when
you're talking talking to the wall the
world's this way the world I'm trying to
get the freaking laundry done okay I'm a
lot of chores to do yeah I'm a busy
single dad I'm trying to make videos
every day and raise these children the
same time and I'll get no appreciation
because kiss nope no stationery okay so
um yeah apparently recently in a British
newspaper or website or something we
were posted in this like big fail parent
thing where last time we lived here in
LA we lived over in Marina del Rey and
we had this little garage where our
washer and dryer were and one night
these girls they're like dad can we get
the washer I was like oh how to be funny
so they climbed in there and took a
picture of them and that picture being
used on this thing now so I thought
let's do like two years later I like an
updated picture so let's get the girls
back in the washer and it'll be fun but
only if you guys want to you guys wanna
know listen listen normally do we
normally play in the washer
yes probably 20 to 40 minutes a day I
got on average something I did a lot you
guys don't have to if you don't want to
baby sorry what do you think I do
are you sure I don't want to force you
into anything you know I don't want to
push it in yo dude you sure you want to
do it you wanna get in washing machine
are you sure okay come on complainant if
the washing machine louder I'm not gonna
do it there's a little helper Fran this
is me
it's alright get in the washing machine
dirty little babies auntie rock tart
wanna clean up in there
I'm up there climb up there if you want
to get in here we go here we go here we
go here we go climb on up there it's
like you guys can fit in there do okay
pretty sir can you sit down
hey you sit down I know let's get a shot
not perfect there right there okay ready
it's amazing finally ready 1 2 3 hey
parrot fells thanks for the promotion oh
now we're going to spend the rest to the
next one teaching them not that cares
okay so okay boys job oh by yourself all
right
go play in the washroom for a few hours
suck it in soldier dude what song are
you singing is that the new Eminem song
Rock darn is in control of the situation
everybody listen Rock tard is the dance
and he's in charge everybody the watch
Rock tard he is in control the dance
rocked our dance for us
stand up sir hey I think it's uh yeah I
think it's pretty undeniable that he
learned that so good alright let's say a
prayer can I everybody
