say
hey guys we're down here at Venice Beach
looking for a parking spot but this
chick is over here what are you doing
bro what are you guys doing
who do you think you Prince this tired
so we're gonna Park this is just yet
cash hey losers hey loser
look at that loser sleeping hey loser
yeah all right go get a spot love you
we're coming down here to get fruits let
some fruit so we're down here Venice
Beach because they have to dust remember
at the start sub dogs three five I've
lost my voice VidCon was crazy man a lot
of screaming a lot of yelling and a a
lot of talking I bet I said every word
in the word vocabulary instead of thing
what's it called all the words together
there's like is there a term for all the
words all the worms in the dictionary
it's called the dictionary I said all
those words over VidCon over the last
three days I said every word that is in
existence shaycarl shaytards gotta be
legally liable for a premeditated every
word in existence this flowers when I'm
here
that's some car flowers with flower
power mommy tarts getting a parking
space and they're so cheap and
affordable to only twenty five dollars
for a parking spot can you believe that
that's highway robbery probably more for
me yeah you got a you got a leash a on
me now I've got a whole lot of shows now
so there's some big festival down here
we're about to go see it mommy turtle
Park the band
she's taking forever hope
I got it know about it bro I got it
don't worry about it
it's on me someone see baby tired he's
staring in everybody's butts sitting
down there you're a buck level down
there I remember a story I guess mom
tell us me when I was a little kid we're
at some amusement park and I said mom
I'm sick of staring and everybody's but
I was short we're standing in line all
day who's that you gotta put that back
you get in trouble
can just steal cats unaccepted hey guys
push the crosswalk button y de que cela
beer across the road
to get to the other beach that's how
busy it is they are literally stuck over
there because there's so much traffic on
the sport long it's crazy with all these
bikers by killing but you know on the
boardwalk back inside and back you know
on the board back back back
Wow come on you're wusses just run this
look ready go go
ready you go ready go go go
don't run over my children it's like
Frogger oh they stopped thank you ladies
so it's very nice we're just starting to
see it again do it again don't go no
further start now you're stuck forever
oh all right we'll see you in 45 minutes
gotta get ready you gotta make a run for
it okay that's enough come on oh snap
yeah that's crew all these people
they're all these people that are in my
life it's nice out here
Brie's oh you should have brought the
kite Casey we're gonna bring the kite
down here guys remember that big kite I
have and a prophet brought it down here
I think it would be hard to hold on to
it so windy down here but the sand would
help you slow down like you can dig your
feet into the sand at me
yeah they're way big today as soon as
you get out here we're gonna go buy a
wetsuit and we're gonna be down here
every day in case they're gonna become
surfers guys just wait what kind of on a
shortened schedule today dude we're go
to this time we're gonna do it weight
loss
hey you guys want to see the ocean you
do okay hold on you have to watch this
pre-roll at first Avion loves it hard
but this looks like some sort of liquor
being advertised over the skies of
Venice Beach and now back to the ocean
and now back to the ocean thanks for
watching that pre-roll video how does
that help them at all do you think I
like really makes a difference it's like
are you on the beach and you see yeah
what do you want to do to shit this shit
like I don't know look there's a sign
beautiful day at the beach the girls are
getting wet son tired you guys check
your swimming suit you mat you don't
have it no we're gonna go we're just
seeing here we're just showing these
guys the ocean Oh see now you almost got
my shoes wet that was a quote one ocean
ocean
here we are right here I can see it's
very dense California on think about
this sign right here of all the comedy
the sign is witnessed in Kassim cheat
all the uncut scenes shave Carlson
Oakley Charles brought a film crew son
nephew and a zombie army tart over there
right in and check this is doing sound
and more of my money what are you gonna
miss your babysitter tired
she's thing y'all have to move in to
move in
you'll be nanny tard I see you go sell
Idaho hallo burrito potato for me are
you stealing my baby
you're still a baby maybe baby you guys
a kid together
that's door well that's the thumbnail do
that again kiss the baby that's a great
thumb now Charles I got it my thumbnail
and title for tomorrow but is it hot
chick kisses cute baby
oh sweet thumb noooo so you can't use a
leaf a thumbnail put your fat face on
them I'm gonna use your beautiful wife
alright well switch yeah honey your
Charles II I don't know I can't keep
track of any stupid things
he's out here somewhere where the baby
don't want her to go and all the luggage
in the van all right so let's go see
what Charles is doing is acting where
are you at you broke my house I'm gonna
punch you with my coconut you know this
is like this is blowing my mind right
now I'm not I'm not exaggerating
internet or shaycarl this has taken me
15 minutes to get this far we just got
it oh yeah but I didn't want to kiss if
you did that I don't know I wouldn't
care mom it's hard on the other hand
like I'm like really seriously did you
need to close up for lighting yeah sure
why just pick this room you needed to
look dark let's go to the top where
there's all the windows genius guys how
we roll what are you she's being a
zombie zombie baby silence girl dude
ally will you bite her thumb off for me
ally bite it off right now
okay gonna bite it off she's gonna bite
it off it's gone you guys I can't suck
any more I don't know what we're gonna
do gum is gone we got well that's good
now you don't sleep anymore oh crap oh
oh it looks dirty oh I wouldn't want to
put that in my mouth it's like the dirty
looks fine to me that
babies are why do you suck your thumb
I like it that is because I like it and
as it make you feel better for coming up
this video
Shana helm the favorite it to favorite
it to the baby Todd you're a door knob
all so these guys are up here Charles
come get my camera and vlog up there I'm
too tired I don't want to walk up there
you do it okay I'm busy
no I can't be doing your work hi guys
where you want me to vlog you're rather
gonna be yeah you're better someone said
we got it hey guys we got to go
downstairs because Oliver props are down
here hey Mel I sometimes say I ever
gonna put you guys right here I don't
know if this is gonna work
oh no you guys need to have like a
seatbelt or something like that
okay you guys don't see the roof okay
he's making me do this is what friends
do I guess
bloggers unite okay hi film I got a film
do I need the film anymore okay so this
is behind the scenes of my video doctors
on bag all right why they wanna say
anything to the state guards um thank
you for letting us use your house and it
was so fun probably we haven't searching
it they're like I'm gonna assume more
don't be so much fun and like just thank
you for letting me Taco Bell in your
kitchen and terrify your children so
just thank you and I need you to replace
the shirt that your kids probably gonna
throw up on now I'm tired Shay and your
batter is gonna die
hi Brett how's it go
call me right you should have Charles
what is going on there we're Amish a big
fancy ladies don't suck their yeah
can you walk in those no don't do it
don't know
no and oh we got tickets to the gun show
who's got tickets to the gun show come
check out these guns say bye say I love
you say I love you thanks for watching
see that was there's a line there's an
obnoxious line you gotta be sure not to
go over it we want more cute and
adorable I sent you an email about that
come on why don't you reply
why don't you ever respond to my emails
jeez I'm unfollowing you on Twitter oh
the blog
you're blocking all my accounts we got a
Justin Bieber one
hey where's Sun turn go out the Sun
turned a glass Center he's got a bunch
of Justin Bieber let's go look we can go
looking for these guys alright kind of
contraption yet here they're fancy pants
hey fancy pants what are you doing with
this little camera contraption hey
you're sweating and blood is dripping
down oh my gosh ooh it's bad this is
disgusting
don't drip that on the carpet you're
zombie hot colored it stabbed stabbed
weird I was crazy dabbing need a fluffer
there's kids here pulled it off more but
just are you excited to scream I never
let you spoon that this is your party if
your scream okay
yeah yeah I'll film it do you want me to
or not your dolls cute this dolls making
another appearance huh who remembers
this doll what do we do use that doll
for
one's on you there I know I pictured
like little like first yeah that was
like I thought were head was going to
explode
Celine Dion yeah there's like smoke
coming out your ears they're pretty good
we're gonna need some lemon and honey
Holly get out and get on that poster
here vlog it while you do it I'll just
drop the skirt that was awesome that was
perfect you want to do better babe oh
we're just talking about that's an
inside joke you better get some footage
I'm nervous what do you think you like
it don't be a bitch your water with
lemon you think you did a good job
explain to the camera say it tell them
award making her tell what you're okay
so tell them to go watch this video and
that cool looks cool it's always fun to
watch the footage hey give me five good
job I was really off yeah that's a good
thing isn't it check that what she I
know the Internet hey what are you too
cool for school or what are you going to
your trailer
hey we got to it one more time hey
princess start what are you doing what
do you think about having some plants up
there is no we need like a big plants
that dangle down be a plant it'd
probably be cool to put like a wreath
some wreaths up there for Christmas you
guys should have just twenty mini
Christmas trees up there oh that's a
good idea
like nutcrackers and Santa Claus yeah Oh
Garland but just art we jump if I caught
you child you're
film this in case something happens yeah
I think that's gonna be a thumbnail
entitles me girl no we already shut up
what was the no no okay go don't do it
are you ready to eat at the table we
aren't having dinner what are we having
again what Hey okay let's remove the
glass items from the grey can't climb on
the table
I'm not gonna eat baby tonight what are
we having delicious
I mean I can't we're eating rocks yes
because he is on the table
all right we're making dinner this will
be the first
in like so you got VidCon and we want to
eat a lot before that so we had guests
here anyway I should cook more room the
up guest put it in my cooking so we
usually go out with a review but anyways
we are making dinner well I'm making
dinner to cover my traveling I'm
rambling okay alright I use the chicken
on tato yeah okay some help whoa you
think we're going to work on some table
manners right now you'll give me the
water
good job ID tail oh by the way do you
guys like my bow baby tart did my hair
do you like it I think I'm gonna start
rainbows from now on he ate all his food
and he decided for dessert what are you
eating for dessert a fork delicious
you must have strong teeth like a
rockbiter after dinner we're having a
popsicle a popsicle oh ma
mister normal unless you start you guys
are being so polite don't you think it
makes a difference in our house when we
eat together at the table
oh that's the best part when it's burnt
a little bit like crunchy it's good no
it's not right that's mommy's excuse
cause mom burns everything it's good and
crunchy right bake the fork and go potty
burn a pie I think I did actually it was
a cherry pie huh I burnt it see I told
you all right okay what do you say we
slip you fret here's the best shake arts
editor Eli
what wait what I can marry you kicking
ball branch got yourself a girlfriend
looks like or fiancee I like you you
guys are so sweet sweet what's your
problem you want hard food or more
attention it's about the same in this
house attention seeker
