pretty pretty pretty pretty darn
precious what it is Katie letting
shaycarl got the cutest kids and they'd
be up on YouTube making all the Vince
and if you don't know I'm gonna tell you
like this like this like son's heart got
all the girls on them got him wondering
how they get so handsome okay and baby
turn she got that baby girl swag she can
get a little crazy just like her dad
what a rockstar I see you starting the
walk hit that snaky leg then he hit the
driver Chris it's hard when you whack
girlfriend back handspring it's a
perfect ten uh yeah you know they PDF
fifty-two years done and he's on two
three we're ready for a bitty also let
it be clear hey are you excited for
VidCon J I'm wearing a lot of great
today you're wearing a yellow shirt so
this is what you're wearing today yeah I
think it's too much gray but let's see
okay so that's sure everywhere this the
different shades of gray if you wear
your gray hat too
I'm wearing this hat and these shoes I'm
great tard what else on Shea is it
doesn't matter what you wear because
people already like you and they've seen
you in your pajamas like for two years
it's true they have seen much worse
attire yes very true and barefooted oh
my feet are ugly no they're not I love
these shoes whatever they smell like I
think they're wearing up no that's rose
no I'm gonna canvass Melek
that's what Tibet actually yeah they do
what's that sure you 11 oh I got like 14
14 those are huge dude yeah they're hard
to find you know what I say about big
shoes right
oh yeah yeah yeah and then again yeah
that my favorite is the party sorry I
think
and so it was said people letting it let
my people in let them come bring them
forth
come my people
there's a lot of people are you nervous
are you feeling nervous she's gonna you
trust her you trust her okay focus gonna
be juggling knives right past Sun turns
ahead on the stage it's gonna be crazy
what are you doing go sit down young
lady hi hurry up you're not nervous this
to the practice it's called the
rehearsal okay see what are you thinking
turn the other cheek Billy lady the
sword slide
he is firm you're gonna drive under the
story you're gonna put this spin out of
his mouth
those rich no terms given up you can
bring up the biggest daily vlogger on
YouTube that's right
it's gonna be
most business that we do are dangerous
and more difficult for the person who
does our uranium you guys risking life
and limb for your viewing pleasure
time
think that thunder likes to do the work
do
I remember my agent at the time he said
to me Charlie
if probably where it's now 11 News to
car I can't sell it to anybody else
nobody's interested now that it's failed
let me see you should just move on to a
new project and forget about it and I
remember thinking those as sue that is
advice I've ever heard in my life yeah I
couldn't keep doing what I've been doing
for five years on the internet so just
make as many videos as you can't do it
because you love it not because you want
to make money or because you won't be
famous to do business what you love to
do I have a promise you if it's a good
eventually it will rise to the top and I
will be able to find a way to turn into
your career and you won't have asked
anybody's permission and in the process
if I were to do something incredibly
stupid and incredibly unwise of things
all right so we're headed back up to the
room to upload the epic video today I
got my entourage
it's my entourage hanging out stinks it
stinks
scared you guys I got him good I think
honey listen I like what you're doing
isn't that with the Wardrobe hey warden
wardrobe win on that one Pepita would
stay yeah I just get yeah I get calluses
you gotta get to the muscles you got a
developer
listen I'll wear heels for a week if you
do to the agree to that I think Charles
is right here he just texted you guys
nice Peter is about to go on well he is
on it's about to play its music to guys
like music to like a new situation
my keys
why don't we move to the couch right
here Ellie well on a second I love that
wig
welcome to the what's up Jim bingo
championships
we're currently in second place go get
em tiger
goes pretty proud a surprisingly big are
you nervous nervous
don't cry don't cry
yeah
so longer no it's awesome hey amazing
day amenable
cheers Cheers
number one
good time I had a great time at the spa
that's how I suppose your time it was
amazing they were like girls and like
bikinis the stuff and that was mild and
full but it was still pretty cool it
aside I'll go see this you to put
YouTube first all in all everyone from
the shades are saved ours camera thanks
Jay tars shave your and beard you
animal
feels like a big bear the family
we the family have a good night thanks
Thank You shaycarl for coming out man
