hello yes okay so let's screw this back
oh hey guys brette over hey Megan hey hi
down so we don't just see earth as a
sign cleavage okay so Brett explain to
him what's happening today okay so the
deal is I moved I moved with my entire
life to a new house new place and shakes
yeah it is closer it's actually I can
throw a rock and hit Brett in the head
but it's exactly point seven miles so
that's my new house and and we've been
very busy so I need to move I need
unpack and all that tell him what a good
friend I am and how I brought my truck
and trailer to get to your house and
like up in the Sierra Nevada is such a
good friend that he got up into my house
in the Sierra Nevadas not really the
Sierra Nevadas but basically it's like
you're driving up to go to we got some
ground with Everest yeah okay so this is
an excuse video what's your honor let me
be honest with you this is a video
telling you there's no video no
challenge so we don't have any more
footage this is still an excuse because
I promise that tomorrow's video is going
to be at least 15 minutes 15 you promise
what time we'll be up by like how we can
that
let's say let's upload it right now we
have it listen that's actually no we
don't we are going to give away our
promise and what we have a footage
shaping's we have a baby and listen I'll
tell you right now tomorrow's video I'm
not gonna lie to you guys
tomorrow's video is gonna be twenty-one
minutes and thirty days because it's
2134 you know YouTube will add a second
yeah right it was it's always what
tomorrow's video watch you'll see now
right now because it's late and we want
my favorite guys you guys are fans of
tomorrow okay
oh you got the same ones you Floresta
breeze I'm gonna try to wear this to
would come next you up these guys stands
for yes enter that's right
Jews on baby turn what are you doing
alright now it's time to say goodbye to
VAR d as Charles Trippy I also wanted to
use this time to say that apple juice is
better than orange juice ok we'll see
you tomorrow once again this is an
executed oh we're sorry the video will
be better tomorrow bye like I said 21
minutes and 35 so good so cold
