I did it again did you really make sure
it's in almonds I want to push it this
way we would give her some more slack so
that track hey guys I didn't I didn't
get him any morning see we've done this
before we whenever you want explain what
you day is I'm gonna get high we've done
that we've made this video I'd say
somewhere between a hundred ninety-one
percent one there was true true we have
up we have a party over here at the tard
family up little Baldy hey guys okay so
Charles over here these guys are
shooting a video we just got home from
VidCon it was a crazy crazy experience
and Charles was there he had a great
time we got a lot of cool footage from
lots of fun stuff and Brett and you guys
raised well and some girls gave me this
bracelet and I was just telling these
guys that I was gonna try to wear this
VidCon I don't know any weird challenge
gonna get in the tourney
if I were these two until next year
that's what you need to do this role
know the difference I was in Vegas and
this girl said I would get a sign as
paper and say you're saying likes me no
recording right like so nervous yeah and
I didn't even think about it like like
let's train right nice I wrote kind of I
was like oh wait always smaller was the
tattoo this big eaters like I know I
know
okay so we're hanging out for the
perfect I mean she's got this baby back
all right guys got a blast
video conference rock tart hey there's
the hotness tell them about video
country's butters without it
you won't give it to me look here's some
Rock TARDIS alignment and wipe that off
your screen did any of you gag cheerio
cheerio Oh God he was not giving it up I
fished her out the guy is like so
defeated why do you want to eat this
dude cat for you I need some work
this was fun let's do it again okay okay
okay
