you guys ready they're going to show you
a cool experiment
brach sonic far down exciting they're
turning them on whoa ha ha guys are in
space try to drink it water
whoa cool hello good morning welcome to
the Shaytards
say good morning everybody
or that today is very exciting we're
doing a couple things we have to split
up for a little bit of the day because
Colette is going down to my grandma's
house my mom's mom who was turning 80
years old grandma I love you I was
thinking this she's gonna drive down to
Utah with my mom what more important in
a man's life and the three ladies of his
mom his grandma and his wife and I am so
blessed and lucky that all three of mine
are still here on this glorious greener
and we know each other we like hanging
out yeah yeah and Brock just ran in
because Colette's making something for
breakfast should we tell him do you want
to tell him what you just said Brock
Brock runs in smells the breakfast and
what did you say don't tell them okay to
me we're just laughing avi you tell them
Keit walk titties and these smells like
something and he's like that smells
better than Jesus okay here added he
goes whoa that smells good it's no
better than Jesus and we all started
cracking up anyways okay so Colette's
going to be with my grandma and my mom
and she's gonna do her makeup and get a
photo shoot do you know how to do makeup
know what you're gonna do you do it on
your face though that nervous feeling it
on your face but just flip it just live
it you know it's like what you do here
flip it and do it there we're doing a
similar coloring me and your grandma
yeah you guys are both like this dark
olive type skin but making out with me
anyways and then
and then and then and then we're going
you know we're going we want skydiving
and I mean you're going skydiving you're
going skydiving brought you're going
skydiving anybody over three years old
yeah Derrick's son Bodie we'll be there
Avia you're going skydiving sadly the
only person can't is poor little
dachshund pants Daxton pretty go he's
protesting today's vlog because you have
to be three or older to do this and he's
only two well anyways okay so I can't
wait it's me a great day hi guys alright
we're on a special girls day today here
with Laurie and Kaylee was here but she
had to go to the dentist
lame we are here with Grandma Lynette I
was I'm excited to see you and mother's
days coming up and your birthday is
coming up and you were fabulous my side
of the year and you're beautiful we're
all ready Yodo shoot we're all getting
old every day we have a niece who's a
professional photographer
we're taking grandma to get a photo
shoot yeah because this is a special
birthday can I tell him which one it is
yeah she's 70 I'm not hey Dee so this is
a big birthday so I'm excited okay
and I actually I'm not somebody that
doesn't make up on other people very
often so hopefully you like it I will
like see what happens here I go okay
guys I wasn't going to show you any to
make a process because I was a little
self-conscious about how you makeup
gurus out there telling me that I did it
wrong
so I wasn't gonna show you that good but
we finished it and being beautiful she's
like don't she did a miracle on me
Yeah right you're a beautiful you were
beautiful before but I love the pink I
like the pink eyeshadow because it goes
with your outfit and you look very
springy beautiful
some mothers day ended birth all right
it's photo shoot time look at how
gorgeous her make it yeah we're here
with Kamandi she's an amazing
photographer and home designer and just
mother and everything it does you guys
have smell-o-vision right now
smell-o-vision moving I love your house
Mandy I think if we did a house tour of
your house it would go viral it's
beautiful oh trying to hide the designer
I started ago to move irony do it huh
actually I really do want you to come to
my house cos I thought it would be fun
to do it by myself but I'm nope we love
your house I know why did you have hurry
it's hard to do it for yourself yes wait
is it is it you're free cuz I only nice
because you just can't decide but for
other people it's like you can see the
vision that there helps you take
yourself out of it and right yeah right
now we're out to lunch we have a new
guest with us Logan are you ready for me
to give you a makeover too I've heard I
was gonna get a makeover every son brush
and some eyeliner pick me up on the curb
just hanging out being homeless look
like I might need Allah well we're gonna
feed you first I guess we could simply
do this and we're trying this place out
I've never been here before the Beehive
grill all right well I enjoyed my food
so much that I forgot to vlog it it was
awesome the fries were amazing and the
sauce is sort of like chick-fil-a sauce
but better if you can believe that
better no way no way
mm really Mitch
what you haven't if you do you have to
get the chick place off
yeah it's recycle what this one was a
little more barbecue we have a new
barbecue at 24 a huge chick-fil-a sauce
Oh yummy I love it well you look
fabulous
thank you you did such a good job on
from me thank you
I think now I help with Susan the pink I
use a Mac color a mother wears no I wish
they'd be there every morning to do it
yeah but now on whatever we should
whoa look at that beautiful building all
right here we are guys what are we doing
huh you're doing this kayak yeah and you
like talking in here alright ready for
this are you gonna do it well everybody
has one pulling there but that is
alright brocco pink rose let's go come
on ideas will be my blog there's any six
would you thought I bought it when I
lost a camera that I've done lots of
times and I just have extra cameras that
I would use every time I had my camera
I lost my camera but this has a little I
can do the Casey Neistat thing there's
given he's ready for this we want
skydiving you need a skydiving name
Aaron D have one Aaron food your picture
I never told you when we took that
basketball picture and everybody's holed
up number one and you're just staring at
your finger that cracked me up so much
plan is so funny
whoa check it out I just think I saw man
fly through there whoa
hey what you think gap Peter yeah babe
babe you into that babe
I bet Brock could do it look at all
their faces Emmys I look fun all right
whoa I was just a kid - how does he
brach you could do that brach you want
to fly like Dumbo got to get a feather
I fly Utah over the skies you're in a
cool place oh they have a massage
massage table this is just for injuries
this is the briefing room everybody sit
down about to learn some safety rules
where look there's first meet the
Millers they just got here let's spy on
him from a long lens there's Bri ah
Dorian is here he just flew into town so
that he could fly in town mitt ha ha no
ok anyways thanks babe Daxton you want
to try it no you're too young
alright we suitin up gap you suiting up
getting your suits on hey you ready got
your suit on alright we're gonna do some
flying I can't wait to see Brock do it
who are you spider-man whoa okay we're
about to fly in here I'm come purple
suit to the rescue that's your favorite
color too isn't it it's purple your
favorite color
yeah you do
oh that's right you said that the blog
brach let me see your shoe dude you
ready he is ready to fly okay rocky
geared up dude you ready fly
shame on you can't wear the hat in the I
fly it'll get shredded up that's
something we're going to go up in the
goal of today's there got to have it
let it fly around then we're gonna grab
it yeah we go alright we're in the
waiting booth can you believe you guys
are gonna actually fly like Charlie
Bucket Oh babies bother you that you had
bumped into the sealer which mess
sterilized Batman
you lose recognizable its day sir I
still can't hear anything nuts just
excitement we have headphones we have
goggles we have helmets we're about
ready to fly oh you guys ready they're
gonna show you a cool experiment roxanna
far down exciting they're turning them
on watch the water
whoa haha guys are in space
try to drink it
well you can see them they're just
floating that reminds me of the
labyrinth with David Bowie have you to
get on your face
water
whoa cool they're floating there's rock
rock is doing so good oh he's the next
bird
yeah
the naturally
Oh
yeah 35 it is so good Emily I was flying
okay
yeah
whoa
nice
oh right a BIA
a world backflip backflip
okay you're probably getting sick of
that loud wind so I thought I would
instead of doing some music here do a
little voiceover and get a chance to
chat with you guys here's Colette in the
wind tunnel I'm so proud of her you can
see at first she's kind of like
terrified on her face
and I'm so proud of her because this
year she just started skiing and she's
kind of made it like a personal journey
to try scary things because you know
she's a little bit more reserved and I
think that's what attracted me to her
you know how you hear opposites attract
it's like I'm the kind of crazy
outlandish one and she's my anchor but
we've both been trying to become more
like each other and you know just love
the traits and each other but I just
wanted to say I love this flying purple
suited lady right here and I'm so proud
of her for doing something that it's
scary like this is a scary thing getting
in that wind tunnel so I love her and
I'm so proud of her look at how happy
she is
look at that excitement on her face look
I did it my hair is coming out of my hat
thank you no no no no no no no no no no
no no no no low key bear no no no no no
no no no no no no no no no no low key
bear is flying in the wind to mr. low
key bear I love my brother he's so agile
look at him he just jumps in there he's
like what like this well I wanna try
flying around in here whoa this is
pretty cool I can jump up I'm like
Batman I can flip around and touch the
glass
in here
flower you're up again baby
and here's poor little Baxton who sat
outside the glass with his goggles on
the entire time just waiting for us to
call him in saying look I can fly too
dad let me in
hi
all right we're all done take your gear
off dude you guys were naturals without
fooling hum Brock he's got floaties geez
you guys not even six years old and
you're flying did you swallow it
maybe you swallowed the other one man
that was a blast I was thinking as we
were doing that how cool it is that my
kids get to experience such unique
things at such a young age I'm just like
I never got to do that when I was five
years old and it makes me feel like
excited and happy that I can provide
those things for them as a dad but I
just think our species in general like
think of all of the new things that
younger kids are experiencing that we
never experienced you know what does it
like to fly for instance well Brock a
five-year-old kid has a very good
feeling of what it feels like to fly
after doing that and so then it's like
what inventions are gonna happen because
kids like that have that possibility in
their brain at that early of an age
where all of a sudden he's 15 years old
and he's like you know what I'm sick of
not flying I'm just gonna invent
something so I can fly like when I went
flying with my family when I was five
you don't I'm saying like the future is
exciting and I hope you guys are excited
too and I hope the world doesn't end
soon ah thanks for watching check out
yesterday's vlog click on that mystery
video and see what the Shaytards have
been doing every single day almost every
single day for the last eight years it
always gets doom and gloom in the
insight sometimes huh right why I don't
know okay love you guys happy Sunday we
hope you have a happy Mother's Day go
wish your mom a happy happy happy
Mother's Day and we're gonna be hanging
out with my mom and dad today but I want
to get this video for you guys cuz we
got some great footage for tomorrow
Monday so let's see you guys tomorrow
kale thumbs oh my god
