pretty pretty pretty pretty darn
precious what it is Katie let in
shaycarl got the cutest kids and they'd
be up on YouTube making all the Vince
and if you don't know I'm gonna tell you
like this like this like son's heart got
all the girls on them
got him wondering how they get so
handsome okay and baby turn she got that
baby girl swag she can get a little
crazy just like her dad what a rockstar
I see you starting the walk hit that
snaky leg then he hit the driver Chris
it's hard when you whack girlfriend back
handspring it's a perfect ten huh yeah
you know they PDF 52 years done and he's
on two three we're ready for a bitty
also let it be clear Hey alright so here
it is the day of video conference we are
headed danya's oh we're up in the lobby
in what room there's like on the made
stick because I think I think there's
like lots of different rooms this year
there's like side rooms in like
classrooms and there's like up for a
side rooms and basement rooms there's
all kinds of rooms it's like a like a
Chucky Cheese
so we're going to check in to the hotel
we're gonna go to VidCon right now or
just figuring out where we're gonna go
with how we're gonna get there and all
that kind of stuff so here we go to
video conference hey Bobby time where
are we going
do ever want VidCon it's official we're
here at VidCon we're in the back staging
area on there's bean bags everywhere and
there's this Twilight what is this oh
it's excellent okay cuz excited fun you
having fun
no no I'm fun I'm fun it off okay let's
go see who else is out here so how many
300 300 entries yes and I just thought I
had such a wonderful experience in
VidCon last year the last thing I need
to do is talk about myself anymore the
whole world I disagree I would hear how
and hear more about you love I love my
thousand times that way too I feel like
I started telling the same stories over
and over hey you guys gonna make a video
Center go with them you're gonna look
into that camera make a video yeah you
are oh yeah yeah yeah what's up dude I
saw that video okay and I remember yes
thank you guys nice shirt bro thank you
see guys what a nice guy he is alright
so we're here at VidCon there's the pool
down there there's the hotel room we got
a suite so we could fit all the homies -
sweet sweet
Cassin is pushing maybe tart around for
watching TV
he's gonna mr. Miyagi check it out
business columnist Charles Trippy hi
CTFxC I'm vlogging you right now come in
here we got pizza my waters Evian only
the finest of pure crystal drinking was
here at the Hyatt Regency only the best
for our guests I want you to take the
end of it I just he'll eat him he loves
those thank you this is really good
do you need my card register send this
let the audience sign for you okay
everybody so here is the view from
Shea's room that's an uninhabited pool
and then here's some habited pool it's
so habited starting to think now maybe
it wasn't a good idea to show where we
are in relation to the pool the seas are
daily blocks
anyways what do you got what do you got
son tired well the views I can see the
views coming off your dogs
you're next
what's up Chuck your dad good having her
pizza where's Ally yeah what are you
doing are you angry wait some pizza dr.
Deaton zabita
delicious
rehearsal thing you're down here that's
a rather something here we are at VidCon
backstage so just getting set up right
now trying to get everything ready that
everybody we're getting ready to do a
rehearsal for the nine o'clock keynote
speech tomorrow disgusting
oh man I got all the blame for that
stench smells like bacon we've been
we've been through it last night we
experienced the cheese aroma already hi
Manuel so we're headed right now through
the kitchen backstage to go we're going
down there are you doing on stage is
what you're doing on stage and then
dipper then you get a Dipper oh god I
want to do the awkward old man dance
example they all know just stinking
dance yeah let's see there damn we got
all these awesome dances I love people
go ahead sorry about your dad like oh
you're getting better
III better without raising one stage
everybody's here by the auditorium check
it out it's a cool house
about to go bad without sweat on the
stage right now
Oh
here we are in the hotel room what are
you doing
what are you doing out here on the
balcony we're just hanging out you
having fun at video conference yeah what
do you see in there what are you
laughing at weirdo
we're here with Kaylee okay see and
these ugly weird ugly weirdos mommy
tarts sandwich just showed up sorry you
guys have to get footage breasts I have
to get more footage left Brett what I
said hold on I'll get some more hold on
guys look Logan's cute Cara there's a
killer there's another one oh yeah what
I said was very funny but you had a lot
of bracelets yes you guys you guys
running through the back pictionary ah
here comes the ladies we're running in
they're running in they're running
all right so we're gonna have this car
my brought the car because maybe turn
wanted to see it again and then she's
been asking me all weekend do I get my
trophy said after VidCon except probably
need it so that's the video we've and we
got a bunch more coming we have like
eight different ideas and we want to
make them better and better we really
had a short schedule because we've just
started money to make stuff so fast
together that we haven't really been
patient going just like let's go right
now this video hauls didn't happen like
eight times because we had to get these
cars we had to find a kill to shoot it
on you go to us yeah I think a Las Vegas
like the next day so I only have like a
day and have to shoot it
plus the National still box derby race
was in Ohio the same thing we have we
stopped this that's true like no harder
so we can find it anywhere but now we're
gonna do a lot more of these now like
eight weren't coming out where I keep
working on them or excited to be here at
VidCon you want to do it much we have a
minute 30 seconds left if anybody wants
to ask especially more gifts yes I
always look like such a good dad he gave
us all these presents like I got for you
but I do thank you
Chicago
there's gonna be dancing girls and we
want a dancing girl to this party when I
am senior here at this party all these
people what's up bro always better than
they do is see the Simplot general I got
a little breakdown even click the spots
your cinema please you click it now cuz
they can't see the whole thing right I
mean it's so easy right there do it fast
