you are not watching the Shaytards watch
because
for two years and you aside
okay hey guys I'm at VidCon right now
we're about to do here come here let's
let me show you we're about to do our
Meetup and they're getting this line out
here of people they're gonna come in to
meet us you guys want to see them
so those people out here and the vlog
for the the footage held my breath like
a couple days all wrapped in one which
you're about to see so we're just
explaining like we were getting giving
you as much footage as we can as quick
as we can but it's just the kind of next
msf so we'd like to dinners in one vlog
it's it's probably like a couple days
rolling but it's so what do you want it
to be like only one dinner per blog like
hey there's two days where you want more
footage footage right okay so we're
about to have this meetup he's gonna go
upload the vlog and then we'll be back
the VidCon footage will start tomorrow
right yeah cool okay
Shea is in Vegas at his some GE shoots
last one anyway so we're here at the
beach and the birds these ones right
here hey all of our fishy crackers
I guess Brian was right see I was gone
because I forgot the camera so I ran
home to get the camera while I was gone
all this fun stuff happened she's just
trying to get the video show camera
hungry okay so they ate all the fishies
they actually got the bag and opened it
somehow and got the fishes out these
birds are crazy
do not bring food to the beach that's
why I went and god
sorry guys you're getting buried alive
all right shartseren the ferry right
Logan's how they're trying to teach
brinstar how to buggy board and she's
coming up your run and I think she likes
I'm not having that
like I said I'm already going he found
your tumbling action room here this is
his own little ocean hey we found her
again our Beach beauty is out there
posing into the tight jeans she's
beautiful I wish I was a blonde Beach
beauty you wish you were gonna get
another bodyguard hey let's see your
outfit do you like your new shirt you
like your new shirt okay if you like it
we all got Venice Beach shirts I didn't
get to show you one no cuz I didn't know
which one he would want we come here
every day so he can pick his own up when
he comes with us next time alright so
we're what and we just thought hey I'm
baby turn we just got done looking at
that Beach beauty and baby chart says
what she goes mom your legs are shaking
guys doing crazy I'm so crazy
alright hey watch the road we just saw
home on the beach and we turn on the
computer look at this shape that looked
at the Charles Channel and their play
with cap guns so anyways so we're so
excited
it finally hit them crazy that South
lose my mind I just don't even know how
to wrap my head around that you're sad
that's awesome crazy and there's mommy
turned every finding lighting with this
I love it
what do you have to say Robert yeah I
doesn't get me
alright are you guys ready we just
picked up so he left Casey at the
airport because Shay was flying you're
not up at the same time so he's gonna
ride with Shay and his friend back home
but we decided to stop if we have time
anyhow I feel bad that we left Casey
just hanging out at the airport because
they're doing tons of construction in
the airport for some reason awful timing
but like everything is covered they said
it's really hard to find where you're
trying to go so sorry Casey we're
shopping in you're at the airport love
you okay so I think I just saw out a
whole stuff from body work store because
this is what now I'm justified in this
so she can't get mad that I spent so
much money in this store because gravich
heart came and the first thing she said
is your house smells like a library and
in my mind I don't think that's a good
thing so I went and got some candles and
some wall flowers and our house is gonna
smell good or way overbearing but it'll
be better than a library I think maybe
tired excited morality where we act
you remember this place French is hard
hey cousin it well we're just here at
spanos one of our favorite Italian
restaurants here in delish we're excited
for their famous bread goals aren't we
Rock chart I think he just likes the
valley to work on the words that's why
we love this restaurant
and is trying to figure out why because
I'm sure that what do you think what's
the appeal comforting
that's good
look at you guys Horton Levin asti's I'm
here at Andrea's house she tagged
herself on the tagger green map so we
came to visit her and we're just hanging
out talking about green technology and
it's been a lot of fun hanging out with
Andrea
here at her house in Las Vegas Nevada
there's Andrea she's taking pictures of
me and there's John
we're here at Andrea's house shooting
the last episode on a tiger green video
take pictures of me vlogging to myself
she's taking photos with me if she wants
to grow up and be a photographer this is
fun I'm sweating is this sweaty I heard
it's sweaty on her hey guys guess we're
picking up right now there is a giant
hole in the ground down ah look at this
lady with two guitars just the ukulele
tars sustained erections everybody give
her a round of applause she's a woman of
multi instruments banana banana good
Montana banana in Montana Danna
Danna Oh f-word I've been seeing it
wrong this whole time I am such a loser
I'm embarrassed right now
Danna Ivan call her Dana Dana Dana
Richards stupid anyways we should music
video up here we have Dan Dana hi what
is your name Dana just wanted to call
someone Dana so sue me
where are you
love this shot stuff full form we're out
here chillin with these guys so it's
like the night before VidCon and we're
gonna go down to the hotel today at
about 4:00 and I'm just a little nervous
I'm not gonna lie so me a lot of people
there it's so interesting because it's
like you want to meet and say hi and
take pictures with everybody they then
spend their time to you know if they had
to fly out here you can get a hotel or
try to get their parents let them come
to VidCon and try to explain to their
parents why they would want to watch
some random person on the internet and
go meet that person in Los Angeles it's
probably a tough concept to sell the
most parents I understand that oh hi
Jeffrey he's vlogging me vlogging
anyways so it's just so hard to meet and
talk to everybody because there's so
many of you guys there it's fun I love
it
hated when the wind blows sorry guys so
she's recording her song because we're
gonna do a music video with our family
on the beach today nerd Dana Richards
song where you are so we're out here
filming that right now a rose for the
lady a rose for the lady a rose for the
lady a rose for the lady how much I know
you know I get hundred dollars 25 oh
okay that's good
he's going crazy hurry Tom what you want
to eat your macaroni and cheese or
quesadilla macaroni and cheese there's
is there oh there's not he can do it
he's a he's the man the man he's gonna
come through you're gonna have to tip
him good now you tip him give him a rose
you having fun on your 30th birthday I'm
having a lot of fun right now I mean lot
of times we'll be doing stuff anyway
good what did you get
what are you get you look pretty
these boats out here right here on this
is Marina del Rey this is the ocean it's
the water there's boat sorry yeah
what's that okay well tomorrow at 3:00 I
can I have a medium one but then I'll be
there at 6:00 I know well depends on
traffic okay yeah I'll call you back oh
hey guys okay I gotta go bye I'm just on
my way Apple iPhone this is crazy yeah
the new this is the iPhone 5 this is the
iPhone 5 the cardboard edition sorry bro
listen young lady I will turn off your
text messages Bobby lately you know
don't act like you don't know who Bobby
is I told you I don't want you texting
come home after midnight I don't care if
the movie got only just practicing the
next 10 years
my friend named baby
