say
hey guys we're here in Las Vegas Here I
am with Jeff and when he's calling and
Andrea and she's broke
yeah don't film Andrea don't go home you
not know where your knees we're going to
visit her today
oh no tomorrow and we're gonna go to our
house and I think I'm giving her pain
reliever avoids them anyway so now we're
going to a gathering at 3 o'clock at
what's the protocol they keep Emily
still waking up Sunset Park until it'll
be a hundred and freakin 50 degrees
today where it'll feed ducks and meet
people it's pretty awesome I got my
green Las Vegas shirt okay just checking
we're here in Las Vegas and we are
planning to be at your house about 10:00
a.m. tomorrow we're gonna shoot that's
into two that works you and I have
someone here who would like to say hello
to you hi Andrea this is your voice mail
I just called to say that I love you and
I'll see you tomorrow morning at 10:00
and what
oh this is shame enough this weirdo
asking me about muffins all right this
is your voice now we love you hopefully
you'll see you today at the park
tomorrow we're gonna give you a okay the
comfort Cruiser electric bike hit it go
sweets all right so we're building our
bike got bike builders here you're
headed to the new you look like a you
know exactly what you're doing
oh we gotta put the depravity nur into
Oh get up yeah double half-hitch on that
George you got the bow in the red 7 xx 6
we have a hard drive oh my gosh look at
that that's a terabyte right there see
that steel it's comfy lime-green yeah
let me just leave the guy look at the
security tempers right now like right
into the
hey I'm vlogging here hey guys we're
gonna part we'll be right over but all
the birds came to see us
nice shirt so we're here at the park and
everybody's coming to meet us look sweet
shirt do you have the coolest shirt here
hey guys I'm here with Tegan who is
princess tarts biggest fan ever come on
say hi door you don't wanna say hi door
going away to her she's gonna be shy
thanks for coming out guys in five yeah
these guys are going fishing
we're gonna catch them trout right over
here in that way I can go for some
fishing
that'd be fun he get bill peep peekaboo
big baby
phew thank you oh sorry guys I just
missed my kids just playing peek-a-boo
with Las Vegas love playing peek-a-boo
with look at all these freaking hotels
oh you'll see my freaking hand
what's your language I am beside myself
hey guys um so the rap is shooted two
shot the shoot is wrapped and Here I am
in my hotel room look at this painting I
really like that actual ice is the bed
this is my bed there's my pants
I've just been ironing my shirt cuz
we're going out to a fancy dinner
tonight so I gotta iron a lot of
paintings in here I really like these
paintings they're very colorful
this is the mirror that's the closet
that's the door is Lucy the bathroom
this is at all my toes I'm at the wind
gonna get the shower for me oh here's
the shower this is great you know why
this is the greatest shower ever or any
shower that has a bench is the greatest
shower ever oh can you wake up in the
morning at your site uh you know I'm
going to just like sleep in the water
just hits you this morning I have a
great shower in there and I love about
this hotel is there
let's weigh myself oh we didn't do the
way in my shoes off should we do it
right now you guys hey say that hold on
I'm gonna take my shorts off I'm just
kidding I didn't take off my shorts get
like my shirt this is a lots of Vegas
shirt we got last night so this is what
I'm wearing in the video today okay so
I'm gonna weigh myself right now
hi and we couldn't be the weigh-in this
Tuesday because I was here obviously so
I'm gonna do it right now so last week I
was 240 what was that
let's make 240 point to last Wednesday
if you guys don't know I don't know if
you don't know but we do Shay lost my
hands on the back porch every Tuesday
we're gonna do another one you know next
Tuesday after VidCon they're constantly
be crazy are you guys excited for VidCon
who's going to VidCon okay let's weigh
myself I'll talk about that that was 240
point - last Tuesday 237 at 3.2 pounds
lost in a week I think I'm a little bit
lower than that usually because I weigh
myself in the mornings I'm usually at
235 but I've been drinking water a ton
because we've been out in the Sun
filming so that's good though every week
that's all I'm focused on some of you
guys are yelling at me because last week
I didn't lose very much weight you're
like come on if you gonna do this do
this really commit to it I don't want to
burn myself out so I am committed to it
but I'm not like going crazy my goal is
just slow and steady wins the race
always like that my only goal is to make
sure that I lose weight every week so I
do weigh my stuff a lot actually I think
normally you're not supposed to weigh
yourself because it like messes with
your brain sometimes you go up and down
but I weigh myself like twice a day now
because I just want to see where I'm at
and it's like helps me gauge like how
much food I can eat because if I start
to get over I know I'm like okay I'm
gonna be a little bit stricter with
myself you know I have to go you know
more healthy stuff so yeah three pounds
in a week I'm feeling good this is the
lightest I've been for a long time for
probably a year and a half maybe two
years this is the lightest I've been for
probably two years at 2:37 that's crazy
so 200 here I come and I'm gonna shave
my hair and my beard it's getting long
and especially it's 103 degrees out in
Vegas and I had this freaking beer and
this shaggy hair today it was hot and
sweaty to say the least
oh hi to everybody that was out in Vegas
today that I met that was really cool
you guys to come out thank you so much
okay so
2:37 that's what I'm at if you guys want
to I'll put the links to everybody else
go check out Brett and Ron's channel and
Vinny's channel if you want to see their
weight loss stuff but we'll be back on
the porch next Tuesday kay now we're
going out to dinner I got to finish
ironing my shirt let's go warning if you
suffer from motion sickness epilepsy or
pregnancy proceed with caution
I was artistic right it's not cool so I
met the wind in Las Vegas and it is
gorgeous in here it's like this little
atrium right here
love the light light looks really cool
also you guys really cool today when I
hit a million subscribers and anacott
know my shaycarl channel adjusted a
million subscribers today and it's
pretty crazy just think about like how
long it's been Charles Trippy just
called me to wish me congratulations and
I said I love you man that's so nice
because I've known Charles for four
years now
Charles is about one of the first
youtubers I ever met very first
gathering I went to in San Francisco I
met Charles Trippy and Phil and mr.
safety on there and I met tipster and
renetto lisanova Danny diamond it's the
first time I ever met any of those guys
on that San Francisco gathering and a
bunch of other people Olga Kay it's just
been a it's been a cool ride put a full
ride to that million subscribers and
Shaytards is gonna hit any subscribers
pretty soon too which is cool who should
we get this for money to I think you're
like that bitch'll like that little
clutch it's really cute that's a cute
clutch mmm look that bracelet goes good
with that clutch I love that I love
saying clutch for a purse that's what
they're called right ladies on clutch
hey and also is gonna say the coolest
thing is when I would hit a million
subscribers I was at Sunset Park here in
Las Vegas with about 60 of you guys you
guys that watch the videos that live
here in Vegas you guys came out and we
hung out and that was like the perfect
place to be while I hit a million
subscribers is with you guys it's all
about you guys don't love you look at
that clutch - yes thanks for the ride
have a good night appreciate it
tower - bum bum bah
we're at the ex caliber we are here to
eat dinner
el Jeff got me there there's George drop
Louis Excalibur I always I won't ever
like when I first met you guys I always
be like George Stroumboulopoulos you
never say your last name right four
syllables yeah against Trump
listen guys get it right and I had a
million subscribers today and George hit
two thousand Twitter followers you guys
go follow George on Twitter because I
had ten thousand today oh sorry
oh that's rude that's so rude so we're
here at where we had your bread dicks
I want something healthy got anything
healthy I'm chubby their routine okay
you guys are littering you're littering
look at all that is not theirs not
tagged you're green friendly do these
hats
this girl's hat that everybody has these
hats are they say inappropriate things
on them if you've ever been to this
restaurant it's called was it Nicks
I don't want to say that word it's not
eat we say it dirty word Richards
we're at Richards restaurant and they
check his caliber and they please they
get paid to be mean to you like our way
just like what the f - wagers is not
that good i buttered her now that was my
goal is to make a written be 90 to us
we're talking about her kid she's not a
kid they can defy any cookies Lucia so
no means so much is just accurate that
is inappropriate right blur that out or
something do something an editing Brett
speeding and action inappropriate I want
a balloon I wanna move they're gonna
blow yes I don't know what your kids in
the nuclear option of this is dirtiest
we might have to cut this out of the
blog will sleep like most
x-rated dirtiest gluteus yeah would you
not encourage her yeah
make them make up make a dandelion I'm a
dandelion no all right we'll see what
she comes over it thank you what do you
make it lots of rich congratulations
that am I done
yeah what is he up is that a poodle oh
it's a sheep what is going on hey guys
don't know what's about to happen
bread and it all of this out this place
is crazy why are we here why have we
never been here before
this webbing the coolest place ever
on the planet
