say
alright here we are take to unset this
is awesome so we're getting our soapbox
derby cars here we're coming down the
hill and we're getting some gun action
going now it's like Sam's about to put
some dirt in his hair which is something
he usually does this weird trait he has
he likes to put things in his hair we're
starting at the finish guys are here
helping us today what are your names
Jason Jason right and Ray they're here
helping us will these derby cars back
and forth up and down this hill they're
our derby car schleppers oh ok here we
go hey Carl
alright so we're taking these babies
back up there macaroni down there hi
Emily I was just I just got an email you
guys from tweaked Footwear it looks like
we're gonna be doing a shake Arnold shoe
you guys know Charles Trippy just did
one Timothy DeLaGhetto did one Olga Kay
did one wheezywaiter did a shoe
Britton link to the shoe so we are
finally gonna do the shade carl schooi
is excited I'm pumped up what we're
gonna do is we're gonna have you guys
suggest what you want in the shoe and
like try to get some of your guys ideas
and use all kinds of design creativity
from you guys and other people so if you
have an idea first you go to a link down
below I'm gonna post it in my pants
it's a facebook.com slash I think it's
like tweak Footwear you'll see it just
click on it down there we're gonna make
a shaycarl shoe okay guys what are there
some suggest some ideas for it and then
we'll like you know we'll chat and
decide what we like hey he's excited now
get those cars out of the back of this
truck I thought he was supposed to be a
nice jolly guy he's mean jape and we'll
get some good shots
nice Sam's already wrecked three times
who left all their guns in the bat
somebody this is my dinner here's my
baby
oh yeah that's sweetness hey guys having
fun
yeah just good time good time but you
having fun yeah
yes I'm fine driving up and down this
hill they see is good I do not have a
see out here I have sweaty from AC to
sweaty all right so we're setting up
this next shot where we have a grow a
grow it's a grow Pro because when you
film you grow and this is a GoPro and
right now basically we're doing is we're
getting a view of the car coming down
the road so this has a wide-angle lens
and you can see the front of the car and
it's just gonna be like cruising like it
was like like cruising down this giant
hill little blue painters tape you
reading a lot for the ride of your life
I am don't your goals
I use the brakes why five till the end
get going so fast I hope it doesn't
wreck by some peace lion you get going
probably 40 45 miles an hour right there
at the very bottom of that it's fun too
then you flatten out there it's cool the
breeze
Ott's away fun times okay so uh hi we
are now getting awesome insert shots of
baby tart and we have to use a blue
screen for some special effects and
we're gonna do so check out what we got
set up right here
so here's baby tards car that is
Chapin's car underneath this giant blue
screen dude I'm so glad you brought your
blue screen holder yeah my blue car
thanks for bringing that in I feel like
we're gonna like unveil it to you we're
done like you got a new car to drive
your car home so baby tires gonna be
right here and we're gonna get some
shots we're gonna lock off the camera
here and it's gonna be sweet magical
moment this magic moment baby tired you
ready ready for your big shot let's see
your let's see a brandish your weapon
pointing it the camera fun there
it's for a cinematic purpose action
how's that for a point of view shot
little GoPro action on the end of the
gun little pistol point of view that's
Sam literally twice ha ha film film film
this is the underneath side of my truck
here's my spare tire I've never blogged
under my truck
why am i down here you asked because I'm
putting the hitch on we're down here
hooking up the hitch okay where's the
pin so my goal is I need to take this oh
hey what's up blogging from underneath
my truck I'm hooking up the hitch so I
gotta take the hitch and hook it up to
this the pin right here I'm making that
harder than it is no wait hear this so
let's see here's the pin goes right in
there oh there now this baby she's
locked into place all ready to go hook
up the trailer this has been hooking up
the hitch under a truck with shaycarl
tune in next time when we change the oil
thanks I'm delirious from the Sun is sad
the daddy's leaving are you crying
okay bye I love you daddy has to go to
Vegas for a few days okay okay gonna
kiss I love you you did a good job today
85 you did a really good job and proud
of you
look at her G some freaky little
vloggers there's the top ball
there's the Mormon temple Tim Davis oh
yeah I did I'm on the phone with my mom
and I just told her we drove by the San
Diego temple
all right that's Tim he's driving me to
the airport so I'm headed to the airport
right now
and mommy tarde will be home later
tonight her and Logan are driving the
truck and trailer home to LA and I am
going to the San Diego Airport to fly to
Vegas but it kind of sucks because I
have to fly to LA from San Diego then
again I'm playing in LA to go to Vegas
so it's like musical chairs for
airplanes so they are out on the tarmac
everybody's walking from that plane on
the way out there into the airport
here's my airplane my little ride going
to Los Angeles well I'm in San Diego
right now is San Diego Airport
I'm flying into LA there's a lot of
airplanes out here all right so go to LA
there's a bell
by the way I'm actually sending Brett
footage right now I'm leaving my
computer open because that suspend a few
more files so right now the footage for
the blog for tomorrow is being sent to
Brett I don't care shut like the area I
want to get all the corners
all right here we are in Los Angeles
we've taken a flight from San Diego to
here to LA it's so weird that my mom and
kids are like 10 miles from where I'm at
right now I haven't seen them in two
days cuz we've been a Oceanside but now
we're about to touch the willow so we're
safe honor flight to Vegas
ananza gift and souvenir shop world's
largest is this really answer me this
question Eduardo is this really the
world's largest gift shop is that false
advertising or is this real have you
ever seen if you dropped your iPhone and
worn out have you ever seen a bigger one
night I'm gonna be honest with you I
have not is this this is the entire
thing is and a gift a gift shop right
right oh yeah okay everybody at home
watching right now have you ever seen a
general store slash gift shop / mini
market slash liquor store slash bonanza
that is as big as this here we go start
right here general store gift shop mini
Market liquor store bonanzas naughty
town oh you don't want to go in that
part but it this entire little shopping
mall is a gift shop basically so right
now we're going in to get sure a shirt
we need some shirts because I sweat a
lot we need a couple shirts and a hat
that we can wear cuz it's a no it's a GE
video so as to be brand friendly so no
brands like DC I'm wearing right now
here's our buddy Jon he shot all six of
the tag your green episodes and this is
number seven this is a new camera - this
is a 5d that's a big lens that's is that
a really wide lens here we go let's go
get his shirt alright here we check it
out check it out darling here's here's
Darlene she's the producer of this shoot
we have Jon on on camera 5d and we have
Eduardo on Twitter also on sound and
that's why we almost just got kicked out
of this store a good thing we bought the
screen tank top now we can stay longer
hey Here I am with shaycarl who is me
what's your name gonna Here I am me and
Anthony we're here on the strip and he
looks just like me handsome devil you
are a lucky woman young lady I help you
count yourself lucky I hope you catch
yourself lucky good water source and
is the show over is it over
yeah it's over dang it I wanted to get
that show water shows over
for here in Vegas with the Bellagio
getting shots and missed it we just
pulled up way at last now wait it's easy
to get a spot this look everybody comes
down here to see this show we missed it
dang it
so here we are in Las Vegas as you can
tell by the sign welcome to The Fabulous
Las Vegas Nevada this is the official
sign that every time you come into Vegas
this is the main site look people are
here taking pictures these people are
taking pictures there's the cameraman
these people are all here to take
pictures and notice here on the box of
the sign there's a little switch what is
this do should I switch it ready to drop
so Marky where does this switch do it's
gotta be worthless right cops be showing
up what does this do the terrorist
threat is on red now it's on yellow red
yellow red yellow I don't know what this
does but I'm flipping it hopefully we're
not killing people as we flip that
switch but the light still stays on
welcome to the Fabulous Las Vegas Nevada
here we are let's do this
