you are not watching the Shaytards fall
just sit back relax
because it's kids Artie
for two years and you excited
there's the ocean we are driving right
now we have the 405 mil or the five this
is the five five we are headed down to
Oceanside California which is right next
to San Diego we're up early headed to
Oceanside to film the one for next week
that we want to premiere at VidCon so
we're trying to get filming as soon as
we can so that Sam will have at least
four or five days to edit it so excited
to see all he is the car is so fun the
content viola is gonna be a bar I just
have that home where it's like you're
busy basically in the new structure
realize we're gonna have a really fun
weekend is Casey and Caylee are coming
on way it's gonna be Casey's 30th
birthday when you get them they get her
on Wednesday they're gonna be at VidCon
all right so we're headed down there all
the production crew is already down
there
Alicia Michael Brittany Artie Derek
Joanne Sam and Chapin and we're the last
crew it's me and mommy tired and sleepy
place sleepy face and Tom Cruise back
there listen in to his dre beats so to
the four of us and every look we're
seven miles away
Oceanside seven miles we're almost there
we're headed to Oceanside time I said
Oceanside and her time for those
Oceanside Oceanside Oceanside Oceanside
Oceanside so excited shooter new video a
child came I was it hard to get it on is
this yeah this is the leftover glitter
you kill the unicorn here all right
they're about to reveal baby towards car
to us hunt oh wow baby thar come look at
your car look at your car hahahaha
that is Friday
check it out that's pretty that's how
pink it is this is cool mo what do you
think like that little car come here
come sit in it dude okay climb in there
that's your car here let me move this
helmet for you okay sit down
what do you think you like that car you
ride that that's pretty pretty in pink
maybe try to singing me a song what song
you're singing me that's how we came
here to Oceanside California remember
the time that we came to Oceanside out
the best day of Our Lives baby Todd
you're so dong cute baby town I got a
hold on you Oceanside kind of you
here we are at the super 8
those palm trees look at those palm
trees Daniel we're here in Oceanside
with our actress the star of the show
baby tard is gonna be driving the pink
car today in tho in the race are you
excited there's gonna be guns you want
to throw a grenade it's out of your
pants you were here that's your gun dude
hold that shoot Derick with that gun
shoot that yeah it's not going to shoot
this is a shirt gun this will shoot a
shirt on you ah we're out of bullet you
got nice day
it's like Laura Croft like Robocop like
this is a gun that you could like pull
out of your shirt like it was like a
sword like oh that was the die hard that
was the break-up huh food okay cuz like
you and you don't take to your back you
decide give her both of them this is
what I think is hilarious this is the
shot that I want take you where this is
best
somebody if you're I know it's such a
good thing to teach our children we've
out there who want to be able to get it
like Sam macaroni and Freddie Wong these
kind of guys that do these guns up
here's a I'm going to give you a clip
right now and let's make this a contest
your maximum e-motion X the baby turn
talk with the Russian air water so here
is it let's do a contest I'm gonna give
you guys this will be like a 10 second
clip I want you guys to use it and edit
some cool stuff in it and then we'll
have a contest and whoever does the best
will get to kiss Sam macaroni on the
lips okay here we go
looks like it's gonna be is better yeah
okay Karen cameras rolling and action
turn around
aim of the camera walk slowly towards
the camera oh well shoot him shoot him
shoot him like this shoot the guy over
there there's a guy over there
ba ba ba ba ba ba oh nice alright good
now there's more of that music your
music let's hear some more that's
soulful music as a memory we do not
remember it uh what about this song
what's that what's that song you sing um
I've been dreaming of a true love's kiss
remember that one mommy's heart sing it
once again ready one six seven a true
love's kiss and off rinse I'm hoping
comes with it friends over after
so something like that ah you're so
beautiful let's make out no oh no it was
green it's like a Camp Pendleton right
there the Marine Corps can account
that's the base salute
hoorah I wish I wish I was a Marine
wouldn't it be so cool all you Marines
out there if there's any Marines your
dad on screen your uncle as a Marine who
Rob
well I'm saying it right but how long
you got Camp Pendleton that's cool
that's a big lot of people come to train
there if you've ever been there then hi
we were just here we're here now we can
smell you still left on Capistrano Drive
okay we're going left on Capistrano
drive so what we're doing now is we're
headed to the location and it's kind of
like a hidden street because we had to
find a street that would you kind of
like closed off and we can get these
cars and mine Hannah Montana that is a
big speedboat anyways so we heard about
this street from the soap box derby
people that we talked to and they said
this is the street that we go to it's an
oceanside california it's a blocked off
street we always use it you guys could
probably go there and shoot we heard
that there was a skateboard slalom on
this street and they're getting off at
2:00 it's 201 right now so they told us
because they have a permit actually for
the rest of today so they told us that
we can use their permit and we're just
gonna start filming because they're
going to be done at 2:00 so we're headed
right there now to make sure that we can
start shooting it's kind of like one of
those things where it could happen or it
you know conceivably could not happen we
could we could bring all of us people
and all these cars and trailers and
everything down here we have all these
guns and props and they've been spraying
those cars all day long right here it's
right here oh wait no no just a map no
so we have to follow this map but
anyways we could get kicked off with
it's not even been able to shoot so
we're kind of nervous to see if this can
work hey who's that who's that the
producer and Tim Davis on camera two
today so there's a lot of people here is
are they about done
thank you they're rapidly what is it
like a like a daniel slalom racing or
like like this are they good at it I saw
there's like a ramp that like went in
and they just like Oh in and out of it
let's go watch okay we should we bring
everything right now though with us oh
yeah bring the guns okay we're gonna get
these now we got a jack oh I got these
two babies right here Logan Elise Elise
yes Rousseau that's what she prefers
yeah you ready we got water and Gatorade
in here stripping our cooler like let's
just go beat up hey we're shoot you I
mean to shoot on the Celt wait a minute
this is one good Hey
nice guns bro check this out man that is
so cool look at that see I love that
dude look at that shifter oh that is a
bad bike yeah I do love it so here we
are
check out this ramp got a ramp and they
shoot down this hill they skate like
getting out of the cones as they go down
that's awesome guys we know there's no
way you could push you're going way too
fast
you wouldn't even dare put your foot
down you're kidding me okay here we go
oh wow holy crap
flying straight down so what happens is
if you can see these first cones right
here they get up this is like their
runway around so they get as much speed
as they can and then as you hit those
cones it starts your time and then
there's another tenth way down there
that stops your time so your your goal
is to hit that and then to get from this
cone to that co-inventor tenth as fast
as you can and they time it and it's
basically a race whoever can go and they
do it one at a time it's crazy
oh my god so Smith here he goes oh man
he's talking it that is cool
no shirt are you praising push here
comes our next contestant on I am a
crazy lunatic calm here we go they're so
sweet on Chavez backup I don't know
That's not me the crappy part there's
quite a truck down there I bet Oh brings
them up check it out my stomach didn't
try it yes dude just bomb it bro don't
get in the way they might yell at you
whoa
I was cool I thought he was gonna crash
I was like oh no oh no I'm like whoa
he's meaning to do that hell is sweet
how old is she a little girl blew in it
may be tired you want to go skateboard
down the hill next you want to do that
you want to get on Daddy's skateboard
and go down the hill at 40 miles an hour
come on nope it was just try it oh I got
pigtails I can't do 40 miles no go on
your pink car okay
there there cuz they're bringing it over
right now go on your pink car so here we
are on the end of this old desolate road
that has weeds they're like three or
four feet tall this is a dose yeah
there's a mommy tart I see her life in
the bush it's she's an antelope
oh no she's coming right this way oh
please spare my life this is creepy it's
it's kind of fun and creepy imagine like
growing up in an area right here where
you can just come down here at night
just ride your bike and these guys are
just skateboard down there's the new
best friends up there what a day Derek
and Logan Mackay 55 the two boy toys of
YouTube the two handsomest men on
YouTube hey you guys should start a new
channel called hot abs with Logan and
Derek that would be a great hit
I'd subscribe are you gonna go down
there you're gonna ruin my skateboard
dude if you break your leg I'm not
paying for it I have no liability to
this
don't hurt yourself you have to help us
film today you have to help us film
today don't hurt yourself okay do it
Logan you're like pick him up and shoot
him off are there snakes out here I
don't want to get bitten by a snake
congi this is gonna be hilarious
get on there Derek don't be a horse dude
stand up go take it off the screw dude
why do three go I once again I have no
liability for anything that happens to
you did that hurt that was sweet k
loggin your turn log and show him up
dude
I bet I dare you to stand up
then they went off to play their ex game
fun times together
tarek and logan hot abs check it out
right now youtube.com slash my house
Logan and Eric hey wouldn't you guys
subscribe to that channel hot apps with
Logan and Derek anyone
you're gonna troll it baby Todd are you
ready for your shoot are you ready to do
your film in your camera work this is
Joanne Joanne you want to say hello
who are you Joanne everyone wait whoever
doesn't want to who's the hot blonde
just some random chick just some random
hot chick hmm oh you got one dude mom's
gonna kill me to get hurt oh did that
hurt your wreck was scarier yeah that
was didn't I don't know let's see who
has the best ABS Derek went for I think
Derek won Logan you gonna let him do
that to you those guess it's not
delicious I wish I wasn't in a weight
loss contest I have some of those really
good at temptation yeah you are that's
why we have four kids
haha singing better Papa Papa hey shake
our company we're here all week alright
so we're just waiting for Sam and
everybody we're standing out of here in
the California sunshine
it's a Sunshine State and we're just
waiting to film this it's gonna be a
late night I can just tell if you get
starting to film something that's going
to be as big as what we want to do at
like 3 o'clock you know you're gonna be
here till the Sun sets so let's go let's
do it it's all the name good common fun
you guys Logan apparently he's gonna
ride this hill don't hurt yourself mom
will kill me oh my gosh Oh watch out oh
are you alright dude momma's gonna kill
me your turn Derek was crazy you didn't
see it oh my gosh yeah I'm impressed he
lost his shoe I need to tie his shoes
better let's go baby cards like I want
to ride my pink car don't sprain your
ankle alright that should be good you
guys should stop dad says do you want
you coming down from the hill now come
on guys dad's in charge let's go and do
it on your butt you wuss
shut your mouth picture it didn't happen
and I didn't film it so we
no proof here is the one-man show what a
day Derek about to break his femur
action I was lame
I was lame oh there was no femur
breaking in that section of video I have
an audience who wants there to be femur
breaking we go here we go here we go
here we go you guys are totally rad Bros
you guys are totally rad bros that's for
sure right guys beat Seagal column at
1-800 contacts calm couple rainbow socks
is kind of me I'm not filming you taking
your pants off you weirdo that is not
appropriate but there's children here
here he is the director bringing all
this stuff down what do you got in here
something what is in this I'm afraid to
find out what's on your neck snakes
oh my god
if you wanna make so just Logan yeah
there you go bro ah yeah test that one
of those blood words yes that is a sweet
cut the cop's car get off my I love
her get using your a cape blow some
bubbles out of that ak-47 shoot that way
let me see a holster that baby sweet
like a woman hold it like a woman would
never Demi Moore in that seelman alright
GI Jane hold it like GI Jane yeah do
pull-ups and I'd be sweaty while you do
pull-ups with a shaved head go action
hurry shave your head be sweaty do
pull-ups action okay go soldier do those
bulbs you're the first woman in the
Marine Corps can you handle it you
wouldn't last verse 25 as long as
Patrick something that's wrong maybe you
like him in tight pants don't you
no nice Derek just sitting down on the
pile
oh that was sweet I thought you're gonna
hit us so cool
does it break you started the very top
oh no way that breaks right here yes
yeah we got breaks guys you got your
nuts under oh yeah we got Derek Logan
McKay 55 erased and ready homes not me
neither trust me I can make you ready
produce logic I guess it's gonna be epic
shoot and these are all new people
you're gonna be in the pool and they're
also are gonna look at you in a minute
be patient come on for the money stupid
show doesn't even have to watch a
pre-roll to see them babies hearts and
macaroni and all these that okay here we
were trying to get a shot where the guys
both pull forward away for baby tard and
we're trying to get it so that the
people pushing aren't in the shot so
it's kind of tricky so let's see what
happened I've got all these good people
that showed up to help us out yeah
they're so awesome and brought me
chocolates hey let me where is she I
don't know she's somewhere over there
we're still waiting guys probably hear
me chomping my gum look crazy okay now
we're ready
Oh
I think that was perfect all right we're
about to face off here on the hill of
death oh yeah it's ready you ready yeah
you're not gonna go down the hill we're
just gonna make it look like we're
having a rope tied to you so you won't
go down okay cuz it's steep this is a
very pretty car though all right so it's
almost the end of the day we're losing
lights we're trying to hurry we got some
people helping us thanks everybody for
coming out to help on the shoot no
clapping I don't need your pity clap
alright yeah yeah okay we're about to
race here we go I'm getting in my jet
this is a great shot oh yeah we get your
GoPro shots come on down on these guys
do not want to see why heads are flying
down this pitiful I know she would love
it that's so fun babe well let you go
over that like little pinnacle of the
hill of your life no heart feels pretty
steady too so I think I trust it yeah
I don't know all I do know is videos
love outgoing guys Casey Levere shirt
where we get shot they were all riding
up the hill on the truck oh well no
that's how they were all right guys
listen up
these guys were helping us today thanks
guys heck yeah and we are just reading
tangled their attire alright we leave
the guard
uh-huh all right let's go okay guys so
we are wrapped today we were out to you
right now and I want to show you what a
cool place Oceanside California is
you're the restaurant we are all
enjoying our food and what do you get
for the yellow lab there you go wanting
some of your food and he's my friend
I've made for very rapid friends you
even notice dogs they know it well I
might be able to figure this Theodore
this dog randomly just came in here door
his name Theodore I Theodore Theodore
you like the fun fun he's like a member
of the crew is my grace my third ad my
first aid yes yes yeah
how we roll I look at him he loves
everybody we're here at the dinner Logan
say hi
Derek hey guys Chapin's you finally goes
hey hold on there sleeping you guys
quiet still look
