say
good morning everybody where are we I'll
just answer that cuz they're all losers
we're at Venice Beach we're coming down
here to show grandma and Logan and look
what Logan swearing mister what suit
tardy and get up dude Casey got up I
guess first try so no pressure plus he
didn't even have a wet suit on so you
have an added advantage excited mom
there's a lot of weird people down here
mom's not used to it yet you ready tell
us what you're about to do hey by the
way when is the what is the bet the due
date January 1st that is yeah so Casey
has 70,000 subscribers and you're at 120
yep please in the pass you by then
120,000 right 928 make LOX videos hi pup
keep the hype up alright you are there
and right away if I think everybody will
be impressed and I'll subscribe to you
let's go Logan there goes my little
brother you gotta make it out there
first you don't know what I'm talking
about with the BET my two younger
brothers Casey and Logan oh that's cold
on the foot let's let's get on the ankle
though actually my two younger brothers
yes I'm the oldest one so a woman wins
you're the oldest and least mature
that's me they had a con or they had a
vet when we were camping with my
birthday when we were in island park at
that cabin that a bet to see who can or
Casey's told Logan I'll bet you what is
that freaking out there's a plastic bag
in the water and it looks like a little
charm maybe I'm just a little paranoid
I'm sorry anyways Casey challenged Logan
and he said that he could get more
subscribers than him by January 1st 2012
I think it's okay he started a channel
in that case he has 70,000 subscribers
thanks to you guys and Logan has 120 but
Logan's had his channel for about a year
now
Logan's out there he's gonna try to ride
some of these waves oh he didn't make it
as a spurts wave tryna caught him off
guard I think rock targets have a
mission to get this bird been following
him around the bird just like him he's
defeated he's coming back
mom dad can I buy a bird to walk around
the house with I like chasing bird my
favorite pastime I'm a bird chaser hey
bird hey Bert hi my name's Rob tart I'm
here at the beach every Saturday won't
you come eat really got him get him rock
tart
he's a bird dog he's a bird dog look I
just want a touch one I just want to
touch your head can't I touch your head
hold still I want to touch your head hey
we don't need babysitters anymore let's
just get a few pigeons and we'll be good
a couple of homing pigeons I'll bring
them back home yeah all right
rock cards going out with the homing
pigeon see you later bro just gonna go
walk on the beach with my two homing
pigeon friends we're gonna try to scope
out some hot chicks while we're down
there oh here comes sister tart to save
the day it's a sand castle
oh you destroyed the tower the East Wing
is no more the thing you got a good
builder on your hands there rock card
she's the finest in construction of all
sand towers this side of the Mississippi
got it down throw that piece of crap
here's Patty net you looked adorable
doing it it's Logan
there's Logan oh he's up for a minute I
got the best he did he was up for a
little bit there's a guy riding a wave
there you go that's the way to do it way
to ride that wave nice there you go
there we go I was up for a minute you
having fun son tard wait all around in
the ocean this is definitely my absolute
favorite part about living in California
as soon as my ankle gets healed
are you mocking me behind my blogging
device mother as soon as my ankle heals
I'm gonna be down here running on this
speech it's like the best place exercise
man is whistling ole do these waves are
getting big he doesn't want him to get
next to those rocks
there's the lifeguard tell him to come
in doing it he's riding it oh man I
turned the camera on late that was the
longest one
yeah the longest one he'd ridden so far
this is the one this is the one he wants
right here there's another surfer on it
almost took out by the surfer see this
guy right here it's his favorite thing
to do is whistle okay so anyways forgot
to show you guys this viewer discretion
is advised I was attacked by a small
shark while I was surfing you want to
see the fight mark check it out BAM took
a bit of my flesh out it's on my hand
look it's a flesh wound
some minor flesh wound I've been
attacked by sharks many times but this
one got the best of me took a piece out
it's cooled out slowly kwame's - it Suns
are but you ripping it you ripping it
let's go into the water a little bit
there here comes Shane bearded beauty Oh
take it out my way
what'd you find man let's see is there a
pearl in there do you find money
oh cool dude what are these do you know
he shows four kind of seashells neither
like Ariel would wear this girl oh she
takes place right new wood just one with
nature it's beautiful beautiful
Oh surf in Sun Times gonna ride one in
not this one you know it's probably the
best or
at it he's been here it goes Pat it man
come on buddy board it in already
oh and though you got to be part of
these got to be farther back you got the
whole world in your hands huh I bet you
never heard that one before what is it
SCA that's me right there look it's a
large landmass you can't see me I'm
right there bro I'm just chilling you
know I'm a Beach dog I don't need
anything from you guys just chilling
here trying to get some rays oh just so
annoying leave me alone
kinda guy just peace out these are so
obnoxious
well Kyle you're looking cool bro
looking mad cool dog I gotta get a
picture of that
I can't believe just lend Amman okay hey
give it come here hey hey oh you're the
coolest dog ever here's the coolest dog
ever
Oh lose some glow no there you got a
good job I'm out of here
here he is everybody Oh who's been awake
my goodness for 18 days straight I'm so
freakin stuff that miss here is getting
the video ready to upload right now he's
on the computer watch it first before
goes live okay I'm sorry people you've
doing two minutes so two minutes that's
it just so I guess I'm gonna show it to
me first and then and then worse
all right we just watch it's amazing
there we go it is midnight
it's pretty late all the kids are in bed
and I'm trying to be really quiet so we
don't wake him up
I just wanted to kind of talk to this
for a second I'm having one of those
moments where the kids are all in bed
the TVs are turned off the computers are
turned off I put my phone down and I'm
just like alone with my thoughts
that doesn't really happen that often
anymore I feel like we're always plugged
in there's always a computer going if
there's always the TV on or I'm always
you know texting or looking at my phone
but I feel like that's when I can really
have peace sorry I'm not doing anything
with my brain some people would disagree
with me and say Katie let that actually
happens a lot to you anyway so it's kind
of late I'm having a nice peaceful
moment and it makes me appreciate what I
have and my family my husband my kids I
just I love them all and sometimes I get
stressed out during the day you know
watching them taking care of them
cooking dinner mom I need this mom I
want that but when I actually have a
moment to sit here and think it just
makes me realize how much I love that
and I appreciate all those little
moments so maybe we should go check on
it right now
you guys want to come okay you have to
be really quiet used to tiptoe okay cuz
this floor creaks sometimes it's a
hardwood floor and it creaks so you have
to check
he's a pretty heavy sleeper I could
probably okay you guys so this is why
she does all the vlogging we are going
to go check on the girls now but I don't
have any flashlights and I don't dare to
the lights on them because they'll wake
up
but I'm downloading a flashlight app on
my phone
isn't that awesome I'm so excited so
hopefully we'll be able to use it to see
the girls this is so silly
this is silly I'm sure later when they
grow up and they see my mom huh why do
family hey peg I know that will happen
someday oh well you guys just have to
deal with it because one of these days
you're gonna look back and you're gonna
see yourself as a little child and go oh
I'm so glad that you guys filmed that
every day I was thinking about that
rocked hard life his whole entire life
is on camera so far crazy alright
flashlight app officially downloaded and
now we're going to go check on the girls
oh by the way grandma tart and Loen are
here so the girls learn to sleep out in
the living room with them so princess
turrets on the recliner and baby jars on
the floor so I'll go see if there's
tells baby
I feel like a little kid like I'm gonna
get in trouble
I think on my way downstairs I heard
love and talking in his sleep but I
don't dare go back up there that's
nothing too late somebody up okay
last is the baby now here's the real
quest is to go in this baby's room
without waking him up but yes that's not
fun when the baby wakes up okay I'm
gonna be brave I'm doing it for you guys
so you can see the behind the behind the
scenes of our lives okay
day guys
we did it we got to see all the kids and
we didn't wake them up
that is midnight at the Shaytards
residence oh did you guys see rocked I
was his little blue and red blanket he
loves it he loves to take it and hold it
squeeze it and then he like bites it
it's so silly
it's like Shay you know how she's teeth
get itchy like like that's normal but no
it's not normal it's weird but Shay like
has teeth get cheating has to bite
things
it's anyway rock stars the same way he
takes his blankets and he holds and
really tightening those I have to show
you sometime
but anyway that's it and I will show you
shave but he's probably not in camera or
the entire film him okay it's late I'm
probably gonna wake somebody up let's go
you guys it's late I was wondering if
you can talk to me for another endslate
because a lot of people didn't see the
Jedi Rumble yet that big general thank
you just try not to talk more than five
minutes because then I have to caption
all of these love you
Wow
