pretty pretty pretty pretty dark patches
what it is Katie letting shaycarl got
the cutest kids and maybe up on YouTube
making all the Vince and if you don't
know
i'ma tell you like this like this like
son's heart got all the girls on them
got um wondering how'd he get so
handsome okay and baby's heart she got
that baby girl swag she can get a little
crazy just like her dad what a rock part
I see you starting to walk hit that
snaky leg then he hit the driver Chris
it start where you whack girlfriend back
handspring it's a perfect 10 huh yeah
you know they PDF EP two years Ben and
he's on two three we're ready for a
video so let it be clear
hey yeah alright guys it's 12 21 I just
got a text from grommet art and Logan
that they have landed and they're
getting their luggage so we're on our
way to the airport we're almost there
we're cutting it kind of close but at
least we won't have to be like circling
the airport they'll already be ready and
waiting for us when we get there anyway
they're coming to visit are you guys so
excited I wonder how many times in the
logs we've said that probably a ton
anyway they're coming to help us out
with the kids we got a video shoot and
Shay's Vegas trip and VidCon coming up
so tons of stuff we're just like haha
our brains are going crazy with trying
to keep up with everything but oh I
think somebody just I don't know what
that was but be home Tammy that could
have been bad or good okay let's go get
him burn okay we're here at the airport
you guys excited to see grandma and
Logan rock cards way excited he is so
pumped right now I can just see the
excitement bursting bursting with
excitement yeah let's see if I can pick
them up without getting honked at this
time last time I picked up I can't
remember but I was at the airport
getting a banana I think was the last
time we lived here and I was getting so
many Hong's like if you're at home and
what
was that when I we picked up Carly and
Kaylee no we were in dad's trucks at
that time and nobody messes with dad
when he is in his truck it is he's just
you know he's cool but with me it's this
mom in a white minivan with an Idaho
license plate nobody likes me anyway
here we go we had to circle the airport
three times but we did hello
sexy mama got the guy in the blue and
we're sure he's bleep senior reporter no
no on the curve on the prayer
he's got a dress from that's foreigner
Hey oh really cool right on love you
guys
that's whether they do on the plane with
us so I played with us sing Advance I
know it is
I can't I know I knew that we finally
did it we circled the airport like three
times heart look what happens I got
attached yeah I just I just felt like I
needed to have one it was time in my
life I needed his tattoo this is gonna
drive hi guys we're in the palm tree
forest where only the palm trees come to
be in their forest Tom tree forest
we're in the palm tree forest she left
the palm tree forest feels good and
right here we're taking a picture yeah
the ballet guys taking our picture
should we blog it while I do it
I'm gonna block hey we're taking a
picture right now oh no Jesus was gonna
go on Facebook I hope hi i'm vlogging
while i take a picture so many memories
you shared at once
it's exciting thank you there's a turtle
a turtle owner volt just sunning himself
because he's a cold-blooded animal but
he I think this is cool you then he just
lot loss in the house
I bet the snake ate him you're sad you
lost your turtle this is a cool place
what is this called we're not really
sure but we think it's neat there's a
turtle hold it up fish it's a big coin
that quick pond so here we are at the
warehouse apparently says it's a famous
place it looks pretty rustic now this C
stuck the warehouse restaurant right
there says it's world-famous have you
heard about this in the world before as
the world ever told you about this no
but I'm excited I'm learning about it
now it's famous to the world it says on
their sign
this is swirling a film to meet the hawk
is that true they filmed me the fuckers
here really all right
look they also film Titanic here there's
no there's no iceberg I have only been
way to come in more often this is a
sweet place it's lobsters in there watch
out they're bought your fingers were off
they win so don't scare me teddy
hey Wow look at this place
this is awesome boats hi how rude you'll
put up your feet on a nice table hi you
saying hi he's practicing his words hi
hey what you looking at you looking at
the ocean
haha yes like this qiangren is this it's
not a bad view out there hey mom yeah
huh we think you want to move here to
California next just come visit we're
trying to get her to stop she has a
problem
maybe tard will you please just quit
will you go to see a counselor that dark
Cal she's like what is the it's roomier
it's Ribera we're just season she's like
I don't want to drink that just an hour
he's obviously passions listen you guys
are sisters right maybe tart nice to
meet you let
shake hi my name is Shay what you man
princess our high roof
her name's roof of her roof meat baby
tard they meet rough can you guys shake
hands please and me
hi good I'm glad you've met now listen
you were also sister which means these
handshakes should turn into hugs love
and no find a condo fine game no fun no
foreign debt no fighting no in my denim
there will be no fighting this is my
kingdom
and I'm ruler over all and all the Divas
I am the ultimate food provider oh oh
which I say Rock tag where now we're
getting ready to eat nice neck tattoos
mommy car hey no judgment here yes
this Death Star you know why it says
that because our new video on the
shaycarl channel is an epic rat
we're all pretty but is it they like
sighs great video Oh goofy with me and
some macaroni and we are gangsters that
are in Genesis where Jedi gangsters it's
good I'm really full we filmed it for
two days our times what about the suntan
from my hand let's look back here I've
been out in the Sun for two days and I
have like I had a bad data across my
forehead
that's my gangster look and I have this
bright red face I feel like I'm like
shrine to the sounds so days we're just
having tawny your taco alright everybody
who can do this
ha
- oh you guys guys let's see ET that
Lobby done just like psychic Sarah why
do you oh there's so much going on
alright okay yeah my my
my oh my lord kumbaya words I know it's
oh my someone singing Kumbaya are we all
feeling better
oh so much more peaceful we got a singer
baby baby baby
siddhart you quit wrecking into the
furniture Oh a new paint job bro here
bro hey there's not cool man hey kick
his boss a I should suffer and there
they go off to kill each other
know if you can hear me right now camera
and it's like that face and you know the
other thing is too is we have been like
shooting all day so they've been like
cooped up they couldn't go anywhere we
finally sat down to dinner and they can
finally play Oh
the summers evenings of 2011 not to be
forgotten I can't wait to watch this in
20 years from now we'll be like why do
we let our children run about like that
I am buddy like this is what's happening
first Malachi and all this I tell you
what is the top part of the house
sleeping yeah you believe it it's yeah
it's their own fault there Ryan you know
you were running you're just sitting
there being cool eating your cheese face
of Dylan's a rock car hey Rock Chalk can
you believe that
yeah guys quiet down it's time to quiet
down everybody can you tell them rock
hard in town can you handle that it's a
tough chore I know yeah yeah yeah
about it oh hey Shay you're in an end
slate right now let me say anything you
know what m8 you're in an end slate it's
the end of the video no no it's all done
we're pushing to the new video you want
to see anything oh okay hey guys I guess
calling me an opening I think yeah with
Ronda God and God and everybody has so
much right now click on it the
annotation uses a little picture there
now people observe you click on it right
now okay but thank you watching amazing
I love it no matter what but hey my bad
buddy bye
