you are not watching the Shaytards
just sit back relax
the pink shade does what
memory and
de l'Opera Julia
when we clear
I'll just about how about I just punch
you square the nose yeah I just take
this fish right here and I'll just place
your right square your nose
I don't wind up black I'm gonna throw a
baseball son I'm gonna pound a pound why
are you wearing someone's yellow there's
so much yellow here
I don't like out of the yellow I must
bite all of the yellow there's a monkey
trying to steal butter stupid my
stupid but my buddy let's do the
dangerous situation what
hey where's on you a bit are you not you
know how to tie your shoe
prove it Kassem go see she's my own
shoes uh I don't know how it should I am
in this let's see here yeah I do what I
don't know tie my own shoes you teach me
a new method or what's the story here I
got rhymes get wrong I need ideas all by
myself okay very nice for happens I dyed
mine by myself kids and I like this
parenting thing that's where I would
normally be like very nice sunt are
great job ladies I like Princess part
Greg you're doing a great job so far we
believe in you
we expect more out of you sending only
uniquely it should be like hurry up and
do it already like why is it taking you
so long
what's your finger your fingers just
don't seem to have the coordination a
regular adult would oh there you go look
unorthodox but it's tie nonetheless as
so much yellow you have so much yellow
oh you're a sailor look at look at that
hot Rufus Oh guys want to go visit Idaho
I'll send Idaho to you that was the
state of Idaho what straw I can hang my
own shirt also brother you suck that
belly in soldier you and Richard Simmons
baby charred die is inappropriate and
now sick in love hey it's mummy Todd of
the mud nap mommy talks been taking her
daily siesta and now she has come back
into the family
why is my accent what is are you
proposing that's my wife buddy it's my
life buddy watch it Jesse that I get a
theist or cs2 every day wait a minute am
I suggesting it or am I am I not
supposed to pretend that that's what
happens every day it doesn't but I'll
take it
listen to this complaining about her
station in life
can you believe on her dead all right
we're just hanging out taking your money
in and running whoa oh good thing that
is not out of mugging there's a mugging
I wanted to take this opportunity to say
you guys I'm gonna me and mommy Tartar
gonna be in Las Vegas on Monday and
Tuesday no you're staying here grandma
and Logan I'm gonna come here and maybe
see you so I don't know when this video
is gonna go up and let me just tell you
that me and mommy tart are gonna be in
Vegas on the 25th and the 26th nope just
me and mom fights for the grandma and
Logan and maybe Cooper that'd be cool
that Kista Cooper that's pretty adorable
and it's gonna be the seventh episode of
the tag your green ecomagination
roadtrip that I did and we're gonna do
it in Las Vegas and I'm gonna come visit
one of you want to come knock on one of
your doors if you're in the Las Vegas
area if you tagged any of the map on the
facebook.com slash to ecomagination I'll
leave a link below if you have any cool
green technology anything that you do
like you have a solar-powered bike or a
solar-powered kid that's obnoxious you
have an obnoxious kid that's solar power
tag me let me know and we'll come and
we'll see it and we'll have we're going
to all hang out we'd have a gathering in
Las Vegas - this is a creepy guy in the
back you got to cut that out Hotel bread
this is all just special message to
branch that no one will ever see thank
you
why don't you tip him - maybe like yeah
throw them 5 bucks let's talk about
Brett Oh anything about Brett do you
like Brett who's brought you guys she
walks away and I walk away sun-dried
who's Brett Maya who like my editor
partner yeah that's right Hey right
here's some cash oh just kidding you're
really not gonna give me that money yeah
hey you know you're not getting a dime
all right so yeah I got a thirty two
four six Niner on eighth and seventh we
get a car down there right away
license plate let me just type it in
here 3x 11 12 ok we're pulling it up on
the data system can we bring up the
algorithm viv app and enhance that okay
let's put in the code yes ma'am can you
help me you have a problem yeah well I
have it I have a spotlight right here
okay without help yeah help yeah I can
totally do that for you hate spotlight
check it out to protect and to serve
look at this this is a movie car it's a
baby car
driving who's blaming the police officer
yeah just what a police officer throw
their shoes come on officers sergeant
Smith check it out we got the lights cop
lights this is the new Sam maccaroni
video that we're shooting and we have a
cop car as a prop yeah I leave my
computer at there are you excited dude
what's up everybody what's up guys
so centaur doesn't meet he's gonna be
arresting me and Sam macaroni and
putting us in the back of this car and
then he's gonna drive off isn't that
cool let's see what the back of this
looks like yeah I could be detained back
here that looks like a good place to be
detained Sam said on though he drove
this down from Hollywood today he said
on the way down all the people were like
getting out of his way and it's like oh
it's cool have the power of driving a
cop car this is number five three zero
okay so we're getting ready we're doing
makeup now I'm getting my pants on these
are my chill out we're Mexican gangsters
in this video and mommy tarde is gonna
be my chola no I'm getting her makeup
done right now by was your name again
Daniela hi Daniela you're doing a great
job you're making it look even beautiful
her son cards gonna be a cop where's
your outfit dude what over there this is
route so we've met she's our producer
this is Sun tardes cop outfit what judo
roads oh come on pull it together it
looks good I think Sam's gonna actually
let Sun her drive that cop car - I bet
you hotter Bugsy will really cool just
joy which is why I love Sam macaroni so
much let's see that gun dude that's
gonna be your gun
even has like each other oh cool
anything it's gonna be out what is it a
laser machine go nice day at school oh
you got your own cell dude oh that's
gonna be so great that is cool man
the lights are flashing Sun tarde is the
cop can you reach we reach the pedal no
blocks yeah we'll put some blocks on
your feet can you drive dude no you're
about to learn like to learn yeah I'm
doing how am i driver I'll teach you to
drive I will get you to drive you'll
need a driver's license hey I didn't
have one when I drove it here okay he
didn't have driver's licenses when they
invented cars when I was a kid when I
was a kid we should drive like Fred
Flintstone alright so got mommy tarde is
our chola what's up mommy tired what are
you looking at take off your glasses
let's see that make oh it's a long guys
you look great either - I think you're
super hot I like the one pant load some
be a mommy tartar the red gang what do
you think mom look pretty that's what
that Sears oh nice you guys are gonna be
fighting - you guys are gonna be like
wrestling in the alleyway he's ready for
that you find some tattoos over here
like some awesome ones like this extinct
on ones like from kids candy oh that
would be great if we could find those
yeah me I mean the easier to put him on
she's doing tattoos for girls yeah can't
reveal too much to you guys though I
don't want to tell you too much she's
gonna be up this Saturday though this
Saturday them it'll be up so we're just
getting ready to shoot out here and
they're getting all their makeup on and
I should do the cop car already and this
I showed you Tim Davis I think so my
house is just fiction that he's fixing
this posture when we got building today
iron men you're doing it right all right
mommy tired you ready for this yeah yeah
look amazing excited oh well today God
you ready for this oh yeah let me do it
when do it when mommy Tarr pulls her bad
about squares off you're gonna pull your
bat out maybe even on the ground already
you're on my team so you've already
walked up you're squaring off with
Cecily she would be right here and so
you are just looking tough and you don't
extend it let's see where it would
extend out to autumn medium let's see
how that would work I gotta grab it
fighting yeah are you burning yourself
so hey Omar committed unsated
oh man - those glasses look great bro
that's right here we are in an alley
we're doing our slow walk down to the
camera and he's got Jonathan's got a
cigarette in his mouth it's looking bad
mommy tired looks the baddest of all the
A's as you're walking they just let you
like keep walking now you don't even use
like keep walking like you're even
drugged but you don't want to like look
not cool by pulling them up so you're
just like that would be a great idea
okay you guys ready for this now we are
shooting a shot where we have a stuntman
that Sam is friends with and they're
gonna jump off of the building maker
studios of our office building and it's
gonna land on this pad and it's gonna be
exciting can't wait for this video come
out it's exciting I'm excited are you
excited who's excited all right so here
are the pads they just brought these
pads over and here's our stunt guy hey
stunt guy wave at us
hi
he's gonna jump off this roof there's
the camera he's gonna get him a shot and
that's a good fall do this is 5 15 20
feet down to the ground we're gonna take
these pads out of the truck and lay them
right here and I trying to talk Sam into
letting me get a shot of me jumping off
this roof everything I shouldn't do I
want to do it right here do I'll just
fall off this corner we'll put the pads
there poopy poopy there we go
getting the pads out this is awesome
those are probably heavier but like same
shoulder right yeah yeah it's all kind
of how you clean on your pass right
bring it in a little bit like I said up
the dragon
I'm gonna go up there let's go down okay
let's go throw if you gotta get a better
view of this shot he's not gonna fly
we're going we're going we're going okay
so we're about to shoot this part where
he jumps off the roof and look at all of
the makers studio's employees I heard
they're wanting to watch this that
everybody out all everybody's out of
their editing cubicles everybody came
out here to watch the stunt there's Sam
macaroni the director down there
directing our shot there's famous and
famous actor Jonathan hey John knock him
out through with me come out here do the
roof so what's up bro I loved you in
that that who's like a boss video dude
that was so cool
I was great man you ready bro he's
filling it is he gonna do it he's gonna
I think it's like a swan dive he's doing
a couple like a fall I guess rolling
like a swan dive one I know he's gonna
land right there look at everybody I
heard there's wrong then hey Ron then
what's up bro Omar little shout-out from
Omar well we'll watch it Omar we promise
okay thanks you guys would better watch
it we just promised we just promised
Omar that we've watched the station too
come on guys let's go we're walking to
the station - this is exciting I'm like
mine I'm like my butterflies in my belly
are going I feel like I want to jump off
this yeah see those pads right there
it's like he's ready there it's ready
for us it's ready for us to dive just do
it do it before you guys just like take
his jump all right here we go they're
getting a shot from over there and
they're shooting straight up here on the
roof and it's gonna like he's shooting
down at us and then he's gonna fall off
of the roof - right here Tim Davis is
shooting down here for us
here we go here we go
whoo yeah and they get to hug after exam
you dropped your glasses
oh no they kicked the GoPro you kept the
GoPro over one more time I was being
facetious oh wow that's so Sam's excited
there's chapin come up onto the roof
this is gonna be a great shot there's
the camera
whatever it there thank you sir
you're welcome and here comes our stunt
guy get out laughs it was sweet a little
like a double flip man exceed yeah I'm
sweet okay so he's about to do last fall
we got chapin on camera what's your name
bro
Greg Greg we love you we're so excited
for this here he goes
he's going down there did you just you
oh no he's got him he's got him
whoo that was too close to the edge holy
crap I'm going to Disneyland
now would you feel close to the edge you
landed myself is freaky get that Jim got
it nice I love my job
this is best thing ever we're like just
this this is stuff that we just thought
would be cool so we decided to film it
and now we're gonna show it to all you
guys this is the coolest thing I love hi
there's the mail lady be sure to watch
shaycarl channel on youtube you can see
this video
laughs so off the set and we need to put
the scene right here yeah this is how we
roll my heart husband I'm so hot he's so
hot how we who's hot right guys the
very first time that Mommy tart ever
told me she loved me was when we were
watching this guy in the movie that
thing you do so yeah and I meant it I
think what she really meant is she loves
I love you mommy John actors are
actually allowed to marry people on the
set
yeah we often have a ship yeah that
suits her the first time I told you I
loved you I was standing next to John
wait a minute where was I when ii loved
it was first time ive in john his nipple
i was right inappropriate he's getting
ready his answer nancy his admiring is
ready to kick are you ready yes
all right and action boom boom all right
go up notice awesome with surrogate no
that was good what I'll do is on say
tilt let him tilt up to you and then
when you feel it just give a reaction
actually to protect and to serve
it's the holy having a cop car is so
cool oh snap just like dozen you can't
even see down the alleyway anymore you
need to do that as a part of it get
totally the explosion look at that oh my
gosh here he comes through the mist Sam
macaroni driving a cop car through the
alleyway doing it was like I could even
see you anymore was so much dirt that
was action great nice great great well
done
nice dude oh sweet pulling his stuff out
so go handle you're gonna walk with him
sideways he's gonna pull his cuffs out
we're just gonna get a reveal that
they're glowing here they are
no these cuffs on set you up son said
hit the glowing
cops'll glowing cuff sunset right away I
got the key just in case
are you talking to that camera okay get
ready doing hands on the steering wheel
keep your hands on the steering wheel
rolling action look down here at Sun
tard look at Chapin's pocket hits left
pocket going
ah let's do it again
hey sundar do me a favor dude find that
predator that we're looking for things
in the last names Johnson couldn't type
it into the thing we are now driving the
cop car home just imagine how we look
look at me how dirty I am for wrestling
to the dirt we got the cop car and we're
driving home now I'm excited to see what
kind of looks we get past we drive I
would love to be able to turn the lights
on but that's a dildo officer sons are
doing good a lot of funny looks aren't
we yeah can you see my see my head you
see the sunburn
oh yeah just this is a white strap for
my my thing look at this sunburn I got
in my head I'm like crazy can you see it
yeah we got in the Sun today I love it
on camera you can see it on camera dude
we are getting a lot of weird looks
right now people are staring at us
this guy just pulled up next to us he
goes you look like Cheech and Chong
driving that we are driving in a police
car
Islam
books right now
at sea yeah
