pretty pretty pretty darn precious what
it is Katie letting shaycarl got the
cutest kids and they'd be up on YouTube
making all the Vince and if you don't
know I'm gonna tell you like this like
this like son's heart got all the girls
on them
got him wondering how they get so
handsome okay and baby turn she got that
baby girl swag she can get a little
crazy just like her dad what a rockstar
I see you starting the walk hit that
snaky leg then he hit the driver Chris
it's hard when you whack girlfriend back
handspring it's a perfect ten yeah you
know they PDF 52 years done and ease
onto three we're ready for a bitty also
let it be clear all right it's a sad
time in our lives our sisters are
leaving us sad don't cry don't cry we'll
be back excited to come back and to get
these videos may are we making some mad
videos and we're taking bread just
editing right now yeah Oh what are you
doing just editing on the way to the
airport or youtube.com slash a carts
most of that it's a good employee
right there working on the car and he's
headed to Vegas right now these are his
gone you guys are going to Vegas to hang
out for a day they got plane tickets for
$1 and he's editing the vlog as I Drive
him to the airport and these girls are
gonna be they're gonna be sad yeah I'm
not something like good riddance
oh this is so nice time out of here dude
you guys we just talk for a minute
Rach no idea I've been having a pretty
crappy morning this morning my sprained
ankle is back because I was trying to
teach princess tard how to ride a bike
actually better hurry before I miss out
an opportunity there get out there okay
so here's what I'm doing I am going to
get crutches because my ankle is three
sprained and I was called a medical
place to find out if I could get some
crutches
hunson so sweet sorry sorry he's like
what the hell is this guy doing sorry
anyways so I I called the guy and he
said fifty bucks to get crutches so then
I was driving down to hook it up and
then I saw this little swamp meat going
on right here on the side of the road
and they do this every Saturday and I
thought to myself you know what I did
you somebody there has crutches I was
driving by and I was like looking
looking looking what I found how much
for these crutches right here
no just the crutches look at my ankle
see that how much for those I'll tell
you what all right before you even give
me a price
I have $15 cash on me we take that money
thank you are these adjustable why do
YouTube no YouTube does me yeah I do
thank you do you do YouTube check it out
I'm so excited 15 bucks I don't even
know she probably would have taken less
I just thought I would throw out the
offer first cuz I only had 15 dollars to
cash my pocket and the guy at the store
told me I had to have to pay 50 to buy
his there we go
adjust these babies now Michael's better
stays getting better see thanks crutches
I'm excited to go home and show mommy
tard because the place that I was gonna
go was like a twenty five twenty twenty
five twenty twenty five twenty twenty
five twenty twenty two twenty eight four
twenty nineteen eight eighteen minute
drive to go even to where I was coming
from in a weird mood today I'm just like
Oh sleeps but I just found those
pictures on the side of the road like
five minutes down the road so I'm
excited to see her reaction once we get
home was that fast you're supposed to
say how fast it was what do you think
guess how much I got this far nope
less 20 less 15 bucks found those little
babies on the side of the road yeah some
lady saw them down on the side of the
road yeah my a mice what no I don't know
I'll have to review the footage they
don't look too dirty I looked at a
minute pretty clean something some
armpit juice in there I got to raise
them up they're a little short for me
though
are you 5 200
I think you need to fix the handles to
tricks
what are crutches tricks I have a
feeling these are gonna be more of a
hazard to you than a help I still say
you should see a doctor and get it
x-rayed well it will after it looks at
you for a second is that funny guys no
I'll work on it
oh you person say if we don't need to
bring cones all right that's all
we go family custom it's an ankle sprain
party I'm feeling you're gonna end up
with the screen I almost killed your
daughter are you still alive daughter
your glass gets balled off is it wow
that's pretty good we are having a live
TV show in the living room drops
whatever doesn't like find stuff and
drops it I'm vlogging you guys say hi
over there
look at this candle mommy charges Scott
it's a new one what is that smells
really good key lime pie really like in
that one it sounds great delicious say
hi
you guys were vlogging you know so we're
just I'm telling all these guys about
the show for next Saturday live blog TV
show party here 6 p.m. California time
where we doing a live here we're gonna
upload the new shaycarl video that me
and Sam macaroni produce and it's gonna
be amazing okay at 6 p.m. stand-up
Pacific Standard Time
live show okay see you then bye alright
we are out and about on the 10th
we're going to some tired as ass need to
miss iPods I'm vlogging here son card
okay
so we're out the ten west going directly
towards the ocean we basically to just
continue on going straight on this road
would go right into the ocean and
there's no traffic everybody was
freaking out never had sighs it's also
funny to me how everybody was saying
that everybody was freaking out now I'm
just part of it one of the tender tender
subtle
where's the ocean see it look left turn
right round something right into the
ocean there's the ocean now we just
switched free weights look at this
overpass I love these overpasses we're
on the Pacific Coast Highway now saw the
beach on your left all the beach going
up it's Malibu girls back there you guys
may be the people I love this tracks one
of my favorite places to drive in Los
Angeles going up the coast towards
Malibu these trees are gorgeous the
mountains in the background then you
have the beautiful ocean right out here
the Sun it's kind of bright in our eyes
isn't it it's not oh there's a hippo
Oktar there's a head coop - right there
once the Haeckel after doing rock guard
is read away
those glasses bro you look handsome
Rock chart where we at Center
why don't you take those out what are
you listening to tomorrow Rock stuff
works here who is this
yes let's see being here ready drink for
this
I got some see that burn out there you
guys that's a pelican Denise knew she
was looking for fish dive down in the
ocean grab a fish for dinner
look I'm real sorry let's eat Oh dives
down in the water he grabs a fish they
can hold their breath for a little while
- is that crazy that a bird dives into
the oceans well no we ran the sand we
didn't go on the rocks right here
there's different places with it on the
rocks we are eating dinner at our
favorite place dude you enjoying
yourself Prince the star cut that out
that was annoying brat was
Hey Osama went down in the water did you
watch it you see it go down hey you guys
I saw comment a lot of Casey's videos
has said that his kids are better
behaved than ours so I guess we're bad
parents
hey what do you have that prints a start
you think Braley's better behaved than
you I think you're probably the most
well behaved child I've ever met in my
entire life
back to princess urn this is the most
miss Lilly this guy what are you doing
tada
I think he likes them they're pink
all right over release the entire dinner
you are so cool
he looks adorable
he's looking at it like oh can I do it
these great red tomato
he's trying to put a bomb in here I'll
see you wear a mummy turn that's look
cute on you you just know how to be cute
oh yeah
all those are baby turns huh so whose
are whose those are her starts cute we
should take your twig I still want to
dance the hula come on let's dance the
hula
her name is Prince at this is baby tard
and this is princess hard that's their
names your dress looks very pretty
that's princess hard and this is baby
tard they're looking at the early he
doesn't want it he's too shy so do it
though you're ready other left hand like
this
do shake your hips okay everybody's a
little hot precious star i lo ha
princess time home apprecia star for
doing the hula mono princess she does
you do okay to pull people in the
fishnet
hey baby card you want to go do that no
one else
like made it up speed it up
like lemon drops high above the chimney
tops
if you're at home watching on your
computer get out of here that's gross
