say
was it your company this your company
and that's make does this make you shit
yeah we do own this company corporate
takeover take it over love you guys um
are you just trying to like fill her up
there or wave goodbye all three of us
there are two three four are you a
person your placement qasimi's so racist
this is Alesia she's my producer and
make their studio so that's what you
want Russo Joe Russo you're gonna
produce this video for me you call me a
thunder here's thunder
I'm a big gladiator actually thunder
russo macaroni macaroni mr. invisible
look like a smith started alright we're
about to have this meeting sandwich you
ought to start with a prayer please i
want this to go well amen all right sam
look what you did you opened a portal
hey hey hey down there hey we're coming
over we're gonna take this ship I don't
dare jump I'm gonna fall break a leg
like you're like regular man versus
shaycarl parkour and you're like 100
times
come over here
hey guys oh hey Batman you better get up
here and save this meeting what your
mom's would watch this that's what my
boys do when he moved out to California
to climb up buildings in a lot of
superheroes have gone down that way
there you go you could have made a
better jump than that my you like
gingerly stepped with your nice booties
into the room how was your meeting good
way to talk about
what you talked about Carly what are
they gonna be it's a surprise Oh tell
anybody
no sir what's that what did I talk about
in the meeting are you gonna help her
with some style they said what were you
talking about in your big meeting this
mom vertical is gonna be pretty awesome
what you talking about Haley secret
you got your note that oh come on just
give us one example you can does one
little thing okay can we just look at
you're not mad can we please tell us
oh you're planning that already sir /
what do you do it's Jay
all right so they're taking the granite
mold bill see this is the day where it's
great to have a trailer because Brett is
moving out of can I say we live
Topanga California panga Canyon and he
is gonna be moving down here to the
Venice Beach area
we're gonna go they're going to get the
gym resume so we're hooking up the
trailer it's gy dude just took this
trailer from the short least chains a
little bit we thank you literally stolen
this for me weeks ago whatever we're
loose some weight with it yeah um twist
that chain so it's a little bit we have
so many muscles at this juice taking it
up to Brett's house to go get a big
workout machine so that we use our
muscles become above skinny individuals
so people will like it's better for not
being fat losers that's what we're doing
Prince it's hard but I wonder how much
like a bench I mean it's been a while
how much what's the most you've ever
benched 3012
oh that's so funny because I did one
time 3000 what yeah it was a good day I
stretched a lotta money mm
okay I'm recording now I'm very excited
that I have to do this right used to
wrestle am I right about that didn't you
used to wrestle dude and now you you
just wrestle dudes in your spare time on
and off the mattress its Omar it just
got a lot more bad I feel like what
wrestle for tumors yeah easy son card
you shouldn't see your father like this
you know about it Brett yeah yeah can
anyone you edit it you'll be able to add
like a lot more triumphant music and
like yes we get throw a clip from
Philadelphia in there somewhere
it'll be very moving and that's the
score right there that's the store hey
Rob darting you just watch it
oh come in for a close-up you're like
I'm excited let's put him on the map
come on bud that's clearly not the right
side of bread hey right now you're the
only guy moving equipment with capris on
in the United States in turn yeah
criss-cross is your first concert you
wanna hear something silly yet when I
was eating life cereal as a kid or one
of these terrible cereals I sent away
for like a crisscross tape and like I
got it like three months later I totally
forgot I don't even know who Kris Kross
was and I got and I played it I played
it so much that the the stuff came out
of the yeah it was either that or like a
Waldo wallet yeah go ahead nobody will
be watching you at all yeah okay all
right so here we all were going out to
dinner and we're on a double date early
Cassim is going out with my sister Carly
and I am going out with my brother's
wife Haley ha ha KC I'm taking your wife
on a date I shave taking your sister on
today wait a minute this is an awkward
we're not going we're not on a double
date I don't need to meet other people
what are they there you'll see otherwise
people they won't think I'm gay I need
them to think
I'm no longer a lesbian yeah actually
you should be a lesbian you're too much
trouble for any man I'm sure gasps um
maybe you could be the Carly tamer will
be made out of like the skin of your
ex-boyfriends so we're going to see a
nose a trattoria or whatever they call
it it's a place where they get the bread
balls
hopefully we can sing this song I hope
we're not too late it's so fun they come
around I think it's the I hate you guys
all right those were the lyrics
Kassem mean you have a great log where
me and you are they're singing true do
you remember that that's right that's
anyways what do you guys plan for
tonight what are you guys gonna do you
you're just so nice you guys are going
dancing by yourselves because no one
else will go dancing that's ridiculous
you would ask okay you guys excited for
the bread balls
we're going to meet some more people and
then we're all gonna meet at the
restaurant take the girls out for a good
time on the evening in Los Angeles
California okay here we go
follow sure I'm Google+ oh yeah oh I
know you said that we're talking about
it I'm trying to help you out okay so
yeah it's obvious that everyone already
knows that I'm putting on Huffington
Post one of 35 people personalities to
follow on Google+ everyone already knows
I don't think everybody knows but tell
us so Huffington Post oh whoa what did
they say oh they just said oh that's
about it again well they just said you
know this guy should be following on
Google+ what you should be we should
hopefully Shay or Brett we'll put my
link well yeah put your right G + 2 t o
/ Kassem G if you haven't subscribe to
my yeah about promote the moment I've
been in here your stupid videos real
time so I can take this yeah follow me
tell about your posters Gosselin just
promote the crap out of yourself your
that's what it a dare to run up there
and throw something at him that's what
it a Derek look at can you do I want
okay Derek these people are wonder why
we're honking I think Omar should stick
his head out
I love Omar you see all Mars station 2
videos let's promote those check those
out Omar's doing this nameless shameless
one we're gonna be making some videos
alright yeah yeah yeah
Carly style subscribe today
you guys hey you guys be sure to
subscribe to my dates husband it's Casey
LaVere she's pretty hot she's my day go
subscribe to her husband you know is
gonna turn this off because this is
terrible weight loss ok is this do this
sock you guys were sorry
alright edit all of this out do not put
any of this in the video right say
goodbye Bret and I'm serious I don't
want any of any of this footage in the
video and if you and if you do want to
sleep a little team like know things or
something I'll be pissed I'm telling you
dude right now man is so we picked up
some more passengers embarrass and then
Omar little or they'll go I could you go
out there's a breakfast walk at your
bacon eggs alright here we go
we're going to see a nose over here in
Marina del Rey Carly here
film something yeah I'm gonna film
something oh
sister and sister-in-law karlie and
Seeley I'm getting great footage of it
I'm talking to Casey on the phone
hey I'm packing the ODE here they're
dancing they're dancing we're outside of
seeing us that's great yes these are the
blonde bombshell dancers into the track
traffic in here that you crazy girl how
is dinner
delicious would you like your dinner
it's delicious how is that dessert we
have like 18 desserts Kelly did you like
your dinner six desserts I didn't have
any though right for the record I did
good oh I had a tiny tiny bit of this
mango sorbet it's a lot less calories
and I'm ready for the weigh-in tomorrow
I'm ready I'm going to do this right now
you
