you are not watching the Shaytards flock
just sit back
the pink shake
because
hey everybody it's one two three I said
hey everybody yeah you know me Oh camera
so uh a DTR right now let's have a
determine the racial relations but I
guess now that we have bread I mean I
guess we could then Bret needs a day off
too
yes who are going to get right now at
the airport where oh yeah Harley who who
mrs. Carly who hasn't seen Carly alone
why Oh who's excited so there oh we got
to go all the way around to five there
aren't Dell top so they're here have a
Sunday all on Monday and they're leaving
Tuesday so not even a full three days
the question is is Carly have a gigantic
suitcase that she brought with a
guarantee using chess monitor he always
brings over a load of clothing because
she has clothing she's coming she likes
to have choices she's all about fashion
she likes I've tried entirely style Oh
probably style for me don't forget me I
get the Z forget then Cooper I spilled
okay well I'm very here kill my eyes are
peeling that's my my dad used to say
that when we were hunting looking for
deer my dad would be like keep your eyes
peeled and I'd imagine like a little
razor blade like my eyes help me see a
deer better throw snowing over there
hey guys how was the trip what the hell
he has been waiting for like my shave
too means you guys Carly likes my
glasses and she's super stylish nice a
stupor she's super stylish one pin
around limp around the airport here we
go this is I think I think they said I
don't know anyways I'm watching the
World Cup and it's 2-2 and we're in
penalty shots and here goes the first
American shot I'm so excited
oh crap monkeys that's it you have to
move out of america your citizenship has
been denied oh she got it with her boys
wow that was a good play on the goalie
look at that oh she hit her leg up sweet
nice place I just retweeted Casey my
brother he just retreated who cares
about the NFL lockout these troops have
way more heart than any of those babies
I totally agree these girls are like
they're fighting hard they want this and
I was reading John Green's tweets they
said it's a shame that somebody has to
lose this game and it is because these
girls are working hard here we go
there's the Japan kick OH
what up in there what you do goalie shut
the wrong way dang it
there's the next one over singing it
snow this is not good I think each team
gets five I pumpkin what are you doing
what are you doing
you're watching back to the future
daddy's watching soccer what my soccer
when you grow up you'll play soccer all
right my two favorite people to follow
on Twitter during a big sporting event
like this is Michael Buckley is shut up
buck and John Green's sports with John
there's my two favorite people to follow
on Twitter when there's like an NFL or
like the NBA a big the sports game it's
my favorite those two guys nice we
blocked once nerve wracking and I don't
even watch soccer is it this is the
final shot well if Japan makes it they
win
come on goalie oh nice shot
dang it that's Japan won America lost
take it well game and that's too bad
that's exciting man holy crap that was
traumatic
you didn't see that you should watch the
replay well now
wins they've actually put a spoiler
alert Brett in the editing put a spoiler
alert spoiler alert Japan beat USA and
women's soccer two days ago you don't
know if this videos ever go up like in
three days from now or whatever it just
okay America lost ready hold on ready
ready ready
what do you crazies do any out here rock
tard you're in the way you silly baby
charity get back here I'm gonna push you
just get ready for you brakes you saved
his life
brother what is this ollie give an
accent sometimes get out of the way rock
hard me or up turn there you go now you
got an open shot one two three go did I
hit your chin I'm sorry what the camera
thing don't okay there you go
yeah you see more nother feeling
one two three let's see what did you get
obscure what are you guys talking about
that's so funny did I buy that thing how
about that - yeah you're welcome yeah
that's cute thank you
for who why do you buy him new dresses
they only wear these same things every
single day she's wearing this they're
like four four days a week for the last
three years I think they do that I had a
good beard
Omar let's do a reveal over here check
out this glorious this is the spirit is
amazing it's big nothing could even
quite compare to this amazing I'm like
my beard hangs in shame to your beard
Alex your beard is much superior to my
beard so yeah where the beard Bruce
we're having a meeting up here tonight
official business business
you guys been watching Omar on the
station watch my video watch Omar on the
station too he has been killing it Omar
I've loved your videos look there he is
you did too you touched me in a private
area for exactly Oh are we gonna have
another kid no you guys aren't
subscribed yet Casey and Caylee are
they're moving with their family here to
Los Angeles are you freaking out man
where have you lived in your life and
you've never moved you've lived in two
cities your entire life and they're like
40 miles from each other not even that
so this is your first how old are you 27
22 and they're moving to LA and it's a
big move yeah let's go subscribe to
their Channel that's my brother in his
wife who's there's creepy Kasim creepy
captain theaters custom boy who's got
some clothes dude he's gonna come fight
look and he just like runs in that back
spot here goes oh snap oh snap he's
tearing it up he's excited oh my gosh
sometimes just when I think malachite is
getting old and I kill just lay around
the house for three days and it looks
like he can just barely get up I'll
start doing this again
good boy oh you like he's excited
yes to keep oh you know how I love to
inhale that thing
why yes service
nobody knows Idahoans cannot be trusted
with their can their I'm gonna go up
there my name is that that's where
that's fun you push it down low to goes
down I'm playing tiny wait you good I
want to I'm terrible sorry don't fail
them partly there's contention boggle oh
what's sleepy time
oh and we kicked mommy turning fresh arm
if you love your aunt on the bed oh that
was more than enough oh that was like an
army hello here we are again uh nope
just like yesterday we'll be here
tomorrow
hmm just like what chicken butt
hold on hey guess why though chicken
thigh chicken pie I like chicken pot pie
what we're gonna say baby what what do
you guys like to know what I'm talking
about you don't know I forgot what it's
what it says I had to make oh hi guys
anyways no they did not like me are they
Bigler to me intensely they did I hate
when they intensely glare I fill bags
we're going out to dinner again you know
what it's really bad Carly and Kaylee
are here so I'd feel bad we just stayed
at home I thought we should take them
out somewhere nice like then you know
let them you know I kind of like got a
little vacation so we're gonna take them
out Fatone ep's the the place that we go
to or KC almost the restaurant on fire
then the Chinese handcuffs I know but
Haley's been there should be well so
like that's good for big parties because
we have like it's good for big parties
they serve bread right away so they'll
be happy restaurant they'll bring bread
to the table the Rockets mom we always
need food right away cuz he's ready to
eat when he sits down or he wants to
crawl he's doing this he does this thing
where he like clutches us to like you
know put his teeth shakes like this
both scream we scream yes I scream I
scream for ice cream
oh I want some ice cream so back what if
I gotta sell it and then just dessert is
that so bad so I'm going to actually
when you're trying to lose weight going
totally raw until the weigh-in on
Tuesday so I don't know nobody get I'm
gonna get like just a salad or later we
should go to that Robley today I'm sure
they all want all right Tony peas and go
guys you guys are a cool crew
pasen was videos shirt dude no the back
of it go to give Sun turn five again get
a giant hole right there say your air
conditioning dude you're an Internet
star you make lots of money why don't
you buy some new clothes
hey so we're just out here at Tony P's
dockside Bar and Grill it's awesome and
we wanted to come take a picture by all
the boats I got all these boats just
sitting here they should be out boating
are we taking a picture is this nice
gentleman and he said yes oh thank you
for the phone I chase them and I'm fast
I can do that but it's not a four so you
know okay picture time men wait what are
we Carly is that the thank you like our
people if they're watching me yes so
they're all what do you owe
Entertainment Tonight the entertainment
down here what are you guys all doing up
there no I love when you're happy it
makes everything better
that's true when I should not be turns
crazy you see as we are in Idaho we are
my hair the hair flip who loved it I
didn't love California I'm moving here
so this is it official it's a fish
I'm gonna fish know what to look at you
or the camera hole right Amy I love it
okay let's go help with the kids
oh wait why should my trick yeah wait
what are you getting - she has her skirt
and she wants to show us a trick what
are you gonna do crazy oh yeah yeah he's
talking about what what did you miss oh
I totally missed it I probably got on
camera but I didn't know what you were
doing
no you're welcome you'll have good
breath you're crazy like holding it
unless it's stuck in your hair like oh
crap that's my cool trick well I don't
cut your hair now all right let's go eat
i lisanova the dog skis my bad
I've an Iban Lisa while you didn't have
to dress up just never wear earrings are
so glamorous where's your boyfriend got
a bill maker studios I guess somehow
Danny's always working what a lame-o Oh
Danny we're having fun without you
sucker
baby get your baby up get your leech
baby up the window l
can you get your leech baby off going
though he's like peeking through there
please women
Lisa how was your day good we had a
great day ladies gonna have a meteor
Lady tardes what see look at that
there's a kid in there uh what's up bro
yeah go ahead and then wash your hands
wash off okay they're gonna do their
father
the dull nice high-five
what do you guys chat about salad for
enade' mommy do you like it hey Phoenix
Babita she's a big trade guard fans
you
