oh say
ah
this camera on this caper hurry up all
right we're here to get some fruit we're
on Venice Boardwalk I think I look sweet
you just picked those out huh looks good
with your shirt oh I got some new
glasses too like my aviators pretty
sweet cuz the star that's the earth you
wanna see yourself in my glasses you see
every tired
I like this doesn't cute I think this is
where Arnold Schwarzenegger one bench
bench some weight
do you like a bench more not doing it
better what a bet that you have those
sweet classes like a bench your face
guys like you knew who asses I think you
guys look cute
got some fruits some strawberries yummy
purple and red put your favorite color
yeah we got some mango and watermelon
and I got one of these little pretties
hi pumpkin
having some watermelon it's delicious
that mangos good huh
I put some lime on oh that's delicious
hey are you feeling sick need some
medicine
sure you don't need an evaluation I
think you need marijuana evaluate on the
great doctors are in Medical Marijuana
value actually $40 sure you don't want
some medicine to fill sure cuz it's
medical it's for medical purposes just
to make you feel better
oh my gosh it's as ruku pristine I was
pretty random right was that crazy
so that was Ezra he's like my product
manager so anytime I do like a brand
deal hooks it up he's the one who's in
charge of negotiating the deals and all
that we send each other like ten emails
a day it was just random just be out
here on Venice Beach and run into each
other
so cool yeah pretty good on that thing
she's learning all right guys Stacey
them does this guy he is stone Oh mommy
thar nice here hold on there I'll push
you
you ready to ride this baby no your
skate shoes on okay ready let go let go
you're doing it you're skateboarding
she's so scared
nice job mommy tired you're shredding
now skater gyro exceeding a push-up
she's never skateboarded before come on
you wuss you never learn if you don't
try you just got to try some things that
you're scared of doing sometimes so you
can experience different experiences in
your life that's true for anybody you
guys don't be afraid to try stuff for
these guys doing oh hi
we're just vlogging over here what are
you guys doing Who am I no I'm Ronald
Reagan nice to meet you thanks for
voting for me
we're from here we're from Idaho we just
moved here
I like your snake I love it yeah there's
a lot more hair oh man
you ever fallen off of that hey honey
ten years he's got three snakes one of
them's concealed all right that's your
name the King Solomon's snake tribe
you're gonna be on YouTube you want to
be on YouTube I remember I saw you last
year yeah one
that's the year of the snake that be 12
so what do you do after that
yeah if I just be an accountant after
that you play that blue while you stand
on one foot and hold three snakes and a
stick on your head
oh my gosh the degree of difficulty just
went up 45% music give her a round of
applause guys come on all right here we
go we're about to start surgery scalpel
doctor he has applying the protective
coating to the iPhone and it's pretty
good at this decision precision and
skill of a steady hand and it's really
cool to watch it like gets it all lined
up and then as it goes across you can
see it all stuck to it
there goes watch it going I like watch
that all day what he is doing is playing
in the verizon store so we are pulling a
trigger today goodbye AT&T will just
switched over to Verizon well would you
guys just look at this would you look at
just got it what you look yada baby
Target you look at it
would you just look at that look at that
who gave it to us Jackson who Jackson
Jackson our buddy Jackson Harris Jackson
and his manager Aileen just sent us at
this fruit flower bouquet it's so cool
what it's like in the middle it's like
see like how they built it
that's like styrofoam and then these
like long sticks and they just stick to
like the cantaloupe it looks like
flowers but it's fruit it's fruity and
baby turns 11 is it yummy
laughter lose weight thanks Jackson for
not sending a cheeseburger bouquet
appreciate it that was very nice of them
huh what do we say no we say you should
send us more stuff okay that's what we
say when people give you things you have
some form or not just kidding Thank You
Jackson
Chuck's you're the best I had a good
time in the music video shoot I hope you
have a great day by the kites and that
uh place any time they're on the subway
sandwiches how does Tom free stuff hey
hey playing volleyball my shirt off
there Tom Cruise you ever see me at Top
Gun hi I'm Tom Cruise thanks mouth like
that's a great Tom Cruise hi
so monitored his pissed because she lost
her phone we're on the set of the
Jackson Harris shoot mommy tard they
were like oh going to be the family on
set and she threw her phone Ritchie
remembers you don't know put something
over it thank you thank you so we think
that maybe one of the extras folder that
would suck that's what she's saying that
it's not a stolen and then also um I am
here like if somebody did still it
here's what I hope I hope they're just
like just wanted to make some money you
know I hope they just feel like erase it
and they go sell it online that make
their 300 400 bucks or whatever you'd
sell and iPhone 4 4 and I hope that's
all they care about because like there's
a lot of personal information like text
messages nudes of me are on there was
I'd watch it like this behold
so we probably had that one recital and
I told her I said listen if any parent
in the world should not be worried about
losing images of their children it's you
because there is a sh I you know what
ton of our children's images so there's
plenty of them don't let go oh yeah you
meant to say ship you're bad influence
mom's not gonna let you come over and
play with me anymore
she's not that council's I've had
influence I don't want you hanging out
all right now I really any don't kick us
the cord of war baby lived on in the
chicken that he devoured at his middle
time how do you like that jump stick
your scandal out of me now all drugs
diffic he's like likes it oh good I got
that yummy what are you gonna give me Oh
what is that
oh that's pineapple Oh Jackson Harris we
did we fill that I forgot we filled that
or not this is a pineapple for the
flower thanks Ben
that looks like Mickey Mouse hey yeah I
thought you're supposed to lose weight
you chicken you chicken fiend he's just
eating an entire legged chicken he's
like a Viking baby he's gonna go burn
some villages right after this
hey guys what are you guys excited about
where do you hide it out we're excited
look at those are so beautiful okay so
we have got this so spoiled today
Jackson sent us this fruit bouquet can
you see all the pineapple fun they were
delicious
what they're so good huh how does it
taste
I love it and then he sent us to these
they're like brownie suckers with all
different kinds of animals and then he
sent us chocalate strawberries cuz you
know awesome so we're so spoiled Thank
You Jackson
awesome we had so much fun at the shoot
those strawberries cuz I did not have a
good time
liar card I'm sending I'm sending an
email to our landlord because we're
supposed to pay rent today and I forgot
I said hey Greg did you know it's the
15th today cuz I sure didn't I'm gonna
bitch I'm gonna send you here right
tomorrow hopefully I'll think it's funny
and he won't in big Jess thanks for this
driver eyes Jackson yeah I like what it
said on the box look at the box right
here these came from sharri's berries
the unforgettable gift right where'd it
go instructions closed and locked door
hide behind large piece of furniture
quietly open inbox savor and enjoy so
funny cuz how do they know exactly what
I would do
share your chocolate strawberries always
are we okay here bike grab one and I
want to try it
these are only I've ever seen a
strawberry that big so good oh my
shrug look it's healthy its fruit you
can eat it it's fruit juice white
chocolate and my my double chocolate
rainbow all the way across the sky go to
bite go
hey good you're just eating regular
strawberries dude you're missing out
these are delicious
