different angle Oh what you want to
watch we do the same thing twice for
different angle well guess what now you
get to danger a lucky day
hi hi I'm saying to you live now I'm
saying hi to you in the past or is it
the future you never can tell with these
things here let's let's show you guys
yourselves look there you okay here's
what you are doing depending on what you
are watching right now here you are
watching me make a video of you that you
are now watching later this crazy of
that weird like okay it's not that weird
but might so you can give me my glasses
dude these are my glasses
hold on Kassem G says I'll bring Alex
and Omar oh sweet sweet this is like
texting I'm making a video and making a
live show and I'm tweeting casting G I'm
gonna say sweetness in the house yo
now just do sweetness I said sweetness
up okay so everybody pay attention to
start and I have a announcements to make
in the Shaytards scheduling a
programming that will happen on the next
seven days so every Sunday we have a new
policy here at the Shaytards Manfred
startup in upstairs and been talking
overton meetings and having plenty of
discussions about what we're gonna do so
here's the players how it's gonna work
okay now you explain your remember you
remember talking about the charts in the
PowerPoint and all that you'll remember
all right so here's what we're gonna do
we're gonna live today is one take
Sunday but what we're gonna start doing
from now on is ready go alive I'm doing
a live show for the people who weren't
here the people who are here they know
what's going on because they're here in
the present so every Sunday we're gonna
do a live show maybe 20 minutes and
during that 20 minutes we'll film like
10 minutes of it here um you know for
the video for the people who missed it
maybe the people in Europe for instance
are sleeping and then you can watch it
later so every Sunday so maybe we'll be
going like like Saturday for upload
parties
and then one take Sunday's will be like
live Saturdays and Sundays it's a goal
of party every Saturday and Sunday
before to you weekend anyways okay so I
think that's all we record for this
video how long should we go for this one
how long he'll be it's two and a half
minutes so the people who aren't in the
show are gonna be there like no make it
longer but this is like I'm just
announcing this you guys will know for
next week Oh England anybody in here
from England what time is it there right
now it's 2:25 a.m. that's but it is
Monday tomorrow but it's summer right
unless you have to get up to go to work
I mean is anybody still in school is
anybody going to school like summer
school ah you're not going to summer
school
whoa the chats really delayed I'm seeing
no school summer summer break yeah I'm
gonna cook it chatting it up ladies I'm
carsick Manila Philippines listen but
I'm just gonna sit back in behind the
rest of the family um son tard
where's Sunter he's upstairs maybe an
hour so oh hi Josh I got a new phone
wait let me make sure I'm sure number I
got a new phone and so I don't have you
programmed in here anyways um I don't
know dude I don't I don't know they're
small like small shirts they're this big
look look Josh your shirts this big okay
can you measure that that's that's how
big you don't forget I'm talking to
stock retard if you guys don't know it's
okay hi the templeman's
I know you guys what's going on you're
making this video I'm and I'm doing the
live show okay no I think we should turn
this one up we're turning this one off I
don't want this one to be too long dude
I would freaking break your Chili's
tendon off right now
okay you guys the every Sunday you
missed out love you see if I
