you are not watching the Shaytards watch
because
for two years and you aside
no this is the world premiere on k-rock
what's the station of this and island
era 106 7 106.7 k-rock we just it's
weird cuz we were just talking about how
we haven't they just said we're gonna
premiere the new blink 182 video right
now and I never listen to the radio
they're like we're gonna premiere blink
182 song right now right what are we
asking to prom bro that's like reminds
me of high school
my old girlfriend that's you're missing
the sign oh okay we gotta let him touch
the poop sponsored by Justin and Huggies
he's the athlete of all
here's the champ he's the one the famous
football star one two no test on the
line and I was testing you to see if you
loved him obviously don't what is this
game called anyway baby ball ball I was
like one of those moments where you
remember when the babies can't move just
leave them there so you walk into a room
and you have like a know like like
should be in the room we're like maybe
you like you're cleaning like your back
Mia and the baby's just laying on the
bed sleeping you're doing something room
you go to another room and then just
like shut up
this time you walk into through and you
want to throw something on the bed and
then you realize the baby's laying there
and you're like oh that was like when
the football is coming out and kick it I
was like oh that was stupid but it okay
mommy card this one's for you I'm not
catching that you can catch this I'm not
with the camera no don't throw that ball
at your camera
a woman who wants to be motivated in
life about the success of others no no
I'm not touching it
don't ya I only have like three shirts
so I will wear the C and yes I come here
to eat because why would I pay for food
when she makes better food for free are
you happy that I know they come here
just to eat your food and then I leave
no I'm not offended I hey let me see
those shoes you know it sounded like you
are playing air hockey when you were
walking down the stairs with those it's
like oh they're so loud oh okay here you
want to vlog put the start is insanely
expensive law all day hands throw me the
ball I'm sweating out here I'm
embarrassed I'm sweating just playing
catch dad oh snap
ho see that seat your life good like us
on the line
son hard for you beef our style right
here into the camera dude freaks me out
take my slippers off you're gonna help a
bug she's such a good helper he's so
excited about it play on
how many windows
did you break growing up playing sports
and came over driving around is called a
sac and it wouldn't stop all right Jamie
what are you doing come on he's had
three guys and he was like the fourth
snitch one two
he was being funny just like drive
around the coolest so the next time you
came basketball shut down his car as a
joke and I tagged his back window and it
just shattered like exploded come on
look at his face look how sad he is now
dude he was smiling so big you are
breaking his heart Rock tart tell him
you're breaking my heart you're supposed
to drive me baby you're breaking my
heart I wanted to drive my red car
Barbie mmm-hmm awesome don't introduce
my son to women is why we could even
keep her hands off oh she loves them
centered thundered actually used rock
card as a chick getting device yesterday
oh wait no that's second base now and
you go on a date and your and your hot
red convertible
huh first day in LA you're gonna go out
get some sushi
oh yeah you I think some had one too
many sir you should not be dressed up
like I left the scar your girlfriend's
under the car you just stumbled out you
are not safe to drive oh so cool tip the
tip the valet mmm yesterday when we're
on that shoe there's all these really
pretty girls that were playing extras
for the big party scene and centaur
grabbed rock targets he's like looking
so adorably at this little hat on and he
carries Rock card over to all these like
really pretty girls and he's like hey do
you guys think my little brother's cute
like totally walked over there like hey
look at this he's like a cute guy he's
like yeah did you say I've seen better
days
let me curtain spilling a little glum
today she's felt a little down on the
domes she didn't get her makeup on she's
been tired all day I think you might
have like each stroke from yesterday not
even joking we were out in the Sun
dancing around
what's up maybe you're pregnant and all
you shirts in the comments saying you
think she's pregnant
cut it out you jerks you big fat jerks
leave my wife alone big fat jerk this is
my wife my wife is not we have anywhere
prove it I only see a little cute smart
baby alien baby alien alien baby what
are you talking about back there we were
recently all talking what else oh crap
all right I gotta go Oh shucks
Oh Molly ding-dong pardon my language
Miley Cyrus Hannah Montana Let Me In
thank you thank you I was gonna I was
about to say bless your heart but no now
you're not getting one of those you
better not I hope one day I don't have
to say to you you she was cracking up oh
no he can't oh you're Alexis you mess it
up I was gonna see and talk to her later
I think even with no makeup on you still
gorgeous
ugly face no makeup she's still the
hottest woman on the air it's making me
a headache I would make how to make an
accident baby with her we love them all
well I mean 70 papers would you just
let's just get it out on the open you
mean we might as well bring it up it's
you know I'm sure it's in the summit's
there's one day left more good to choose
right now there's a fire in the house
you can only grab one kid and they're
all equally convenient to grab oh snap
I'll stay in the house and hunters stay
and then also hug them and tell the hole
you'll burn down with the house yes I'm
tired who would you grab did you get
only grab me your mom out of a burning
building
who would you drag out you can't you
can't there's only time to track one
would you pick
let's be honest probably because I'm
wider you would like tryna to trip over
me on the way out as he's carrying me
over his shoulder he'd like do do that
son tard look at all these people you
know what Carmageddon starts tomorrow
dude in LA Carmageddon the 405's closing
tomorrow
what's karmic yet I haven't heard it
they call their call that karma getting
the 405 is closed for two days and
that's like the freaking thing of
society here in Los Angeles and it's
gonna be closed for two days and
everything is everything freaking out
about it there's like rumors on Twitter
some people are saying that it was
because they were shooting a Michael Bay
the new Michael Bay movie had once and I
heard it anyways
so everybody's like we gonna do
go anywhere let's go a little pumpkins
IJ right night 1987 1112 CS
oh my baby
you're on grass or a soft surface which
was chirping like a baby bird baby bird
wants his mommy to feed in them baby
bird is terpenes look mommy's gonna
throw through your mouth now that's what
the baby mommy birds do it's so good you
guys know that that's the monster in the
baby's mouth
they eat the worm they swallow it and
they Harmon it back up in the Navy
bird's mouth that's why I was saying
that cuz I'm gross science
they went Samet up their food into the
baby's mouth yeah would you like him
that's how me and mom fed you come over
here you want some of my Caesar salad
downtown sit down snow white no one
wants to hear about what you're so great
oh he's having a good time all right
let's go and you just see thanks for
coming out to dinner with me tonight
oh poor we want to how is it going
so let's slap each other in the face
what's up was that knocking
so much going ahead but oh snap here
comes the deliciousness that is a train
full of comida your your your back
