pretty pretty pretty darn precious what
it is Katie letting shaycarl got the
cutest kids and they'd be up on YouTube
making all the Vince and if you don't
know I'm gonna tell you like this like
this like son's heart got all the girls
on them
got him wondering how they get so
handsome okay and baby turn she got that
baby girl swag she can get a little
crazy just like her dad what a rockstar
I see you starting the walk hit that
snaky leg then he hit the driver Chris
it's hard when you whack girlfriend back
handspring it's a perfect ten uh yeah
you know they PDF fifty-two years done
and he's on two three we're ready for a
bitty also let it be clear hey hey guys
do you like my hat to my Yankees hat all
you Sox fans out there pride pissed huh
Jackson Harris gave us these I kind of
really I really like see how the logos
on the side like that I dig that on the
hat anyway so we talk to guys about
today's video should we put this is the
first for the end let's put it at first
we just do it twice my video longer they
like Elias out so well just make look at
him in slow-mo of this but it's right
now I think this is somewhere it's worth
the beginning yeah that's it so Brett is
back Wow and he uploaded three videos
for me yesterday if you haven't seen him
yet the new James Blunt GE tag you Green
ecomagination road trip is up and then
we did a new shayloss the video right
here on the porch we all weighed in and
then the vlog of course yesterday but I
just want to talk to guys about today's
video yeah let's tell it but us at the
first Brett okay so we literally were on
set shooting Jackson Harris's video for
13 hours we had a call time of 7 a.m. in
Silver Lake which is up it's well where
all the hipsters live I don't even know
what that means I don't even know what
it means anyways so we were just on set
all day and I tried to get as much
footage as I could but we were literally
filming for 13 hours I lost like five
pounds yes right I was dripping sweat
almost the most of the day cuz I'm all
dancing anyway so there's it's just like
a lot of quick clips we just I just
tried to get clips of stuff as it was
happening the music video will be on
Jackson Harris's youtube channel you can
go
blink in the pants and don't freak out
it's probably two or three weeks before
it's even up the guy who grabbed the
camera that I just ran away okay so
watch for that music video I think it's
gonna be two weeks but we don't know we
just lost a pound I think dude what
really yeah all right let's go to you in
the minivan in the car no I'm not riding
in the minimo what that is hunting it
crap not taking my truck
I already did huh all right go to the
minivan bye I'm behind the wheel of the
minivan again it's been a while since
I've drove this thing my truck is clean
I literally never drive the van anymore
because I get my stroke we are full
force with our nanny tardes this morning
hi rocked already excited excited to go
on the jetty you're obnoxious so we're
headed it is 7-eleven and we're headed
to the shoot of the jackson harris music
video and we're excited and we're ready
to dance we're gonna dance and malachite
is gonna eat a cake we got Malachi in
here even though I don't like driving
the minivan around it's quite utility oh
it's good it's utilitarian nation of
this man is there's some of you there's
one two three four five six seven people
and a giant Great Dane and of all of our
accoutrement
nice ready to where we going
Silver Lake that's where the video shoot
is hipsters live there apparently so
we're gonna go that's why we're going
there cuz I'm a hipster look it's my
chest right and your speed Silverlake
here we go good job cool we're all
alright here we are we're on set over
the shoot here's our trailer are closely
with the derma car dealer they're naked
girls in here
it's like cute whoo I like that that's a
cute shirt you guys getting your outfit
like that nice trailer it's going on
back here oh it's makeup it's the makeup
hi everybody or just getting ready to
shoot this thing oh and um and also
getting their outfits on I think me and
Sun her we're just wearing over wearing
what oh look at hot ladies are you wear
that out I know we got Cecily and Sun
chart over here at the craft service
table it's chilling what he is doing
some carrots please give me your most
hipsterish family pose don't ever do
that again
nice
miss me
what's your name Jess it looks like
you should be traveling in Thailand are
you dancing in the video is it fun
exactly the same very yeah whoa that's
like
hey you like this yeah look it's on
she's singing this up a drum
don't get hit by cars
this your band that you bought at the
store
it's a beautiful fan okay let's do one
more time so everybody go back in taste
so we're doing a part right now we're
princes tart looks like she grabs this
big thing of balloons and it like pulls
her up in the air and then he like grabs
your legs and pulls her out of the air
start
gettin tired I think she's gonna be
afraid
actually
hi Roley camera ready here we go guys
and action scared you're scared what's
happening
so this is our trailer when we're tired
and hot and sweaty and hungry we can
come in here and relax
and here's Malachi's like the trailer
moving these p34 there's all the
equipment got all kinds of stuff on this
thing this mural this crazy this crazy
wall here we're like by Silverlake or
whatever I guess what it's called
just get in this music video going it's
gonna be good it's the songs really
catchy actually I've been singing it I
can't stop seeing cool cruisers singing
malachite huh boy
like the trailer right now you go lay
down if you want dude right on right on
yeah take a load off there you go so
have you been having fun today what have
we been doing all day since what time
this morning
like seven retired you've done like a
thousand are you bothering my coach oh
sorry bro my bad I want to go back to
your trailer okay Devin funded
smiled the camera the hubby camera oh my
gosh as he tried to grab the camera yeah
you might need another snack or
something
so here we got a rolling camera 36 pegs
on skateboarders yeah 18 per seat Jason
okay so this shot and she is coming okay
no rocket art it's like his stroller is
flying away and Shay and the family is
trying to catch raka so that's what the
China's and it's exciting and it's a
workout cuz you have to run have to make
sure we stay behind the camera
we have to stay behind the camera Samuel
and the shocked
kind of reminded me of the baby from
Raising Arizona just john-john in
Australia doesn't care
that's a bit of a mom Katie Lennon she's
just sweet all David
hey everybody hey do I look like my son
I'm surprised are the director he got
something they can get it yeah so part
of the music video is Malachi is
supposed to eat this cake but he's too
picky and he won't eat it
oh nice that's just an extra chocolate
chocolate chip right there yeah that's
for later
will be fun I told you should all in
solidarity for what's that concern
bellick delicious no it's a print it on
frosty okay can you tell if there's any
meat on the cake look it's all hiding
under this stuff and look I stuffed it
into the side of the cake who wants
Turkey stuff Jackson Harris cake so
we're gonna get now kinda shot of him
eating some of the cakes gonna try so
you guys finish okay remember dunking
you bastard
this is the ad assistant director he's
not putting me up to this I'm definitely
not putting anyone up to this he doesn't
want any I suggested him that we go
throw the cake in the Trekker space
Travis
and come on come on okay here we go I'm
nervous it's piss here we go
you watch this later I'll be pissed okay
okay we have oh you're helping you're
helping you Mighty Mighty Mite it's
really just gonna numb up on us anyway
let's look at let's look at it let's
look at it here Eddie this is before
okay
get make sure he's not near anything
expensive I think everybody should have
to kiss this camera crewman thinner and
after nice we did it
we gotta
that's a shoot
