could be pretty pretty darn precious
what it is Katie letting shaycarl got
the cutest kids and maybe up on YouTube
making all events and if you don't know
I'm gonna tell you like this likes it
like Sun turn got all the girls on them
god I'm wondering how'd he get so
handsome okay and baby turn she got that
baby girl swag she can get a little
crazy just like her dad what a rock star
I see you starting to walk hit that
snaky leg then he hit the drivers I
start with you whack girlfriend back
handspring it's a perfect ten uh yeah
you know they PDF EP two years done and
he's on two three
we're ready for a video so let it be
clear
get out of the way
that's great thing is the salt in the
teaching that's what it was yeah you're
so amazing
are you saying that pretty good in your
body alright are you kissing the baby
just ignore him he's making out with
himself to go crazy family command to go
crazy
nice nice
okay so obviously big dream meeting the
Shaytards but I thought I can't go
empty-handed so snap Shaytards lineup
mommy tired come check it out look at
her what do you say is there a baby turn
anywhere hmm raise your hand if your
name's baby tard no because it's got a
sweet local back holy crap look at that
what do you say rock tired you got on
one hat you gotta catch him if you want
to put it on first he's never tried like
take off immediately alright when you
put it on them and then obviously like
father like son
oh dude what do you think we sport
ningke's of quitters Thank You Jackson
the others I like I never see them on
the side like this like I need to you
see in the mirror there was that baby
once you give me kisses looking at that
baby oh hey
love that baby so vain they're so vain
you love bourbon if you've messed up the
mirrors only I feel like violate it
seriously this is like my baby I'm like
what what nothing feels right hey I got
to adjust things further so my short
pants
you were like three and a half feet tall
you're probably such a such a what wait
totally broke up these dogs but you
weren't you were saying something to me
about why you feel so good oh oh oh oh
here's I was like okay yeah this is how
this came up I always tell them ah meter
they said - did I look tough I broke up
those dogs that like I was like
screaming no why do you want to know no
I don't have the camera mommy does
she probably could hear with my filming
voice he's not in the camera why is he
talking this sound so no yeah we talked
about that too about like we're bump
around a lot
sorry about the mountain and it's like
EDD okay what were we talking about
hello I need dogs and white okay so
here's why I'm really sorry
it's okay who remembers the video shut
up who remembers the video I did I think
maybe because like a year ago when we
were back living in Idaho but I talk
about that Genevieve I think it's the
Genevieve Wow right and in these
conflicts where this it's like basically
a group of people and something's
happening everybody just watches and
assumes that somebody else will do
something I think it was based on a girl
her name was Genevieve and she was
murdered
in a street where there was 26 other
people in the in the like every 100
every wondered yard circumference where
she was screaming and yelling help me
he's killing me help me and nobody did
anything serious everybody's like in
their apartments and they're hearing
this they did a study I guess I gotta go
and read this again so I always knew
about it but I don't fully know all the
information but I think they did a study
later where they talked to all these
people and everybody was like yeah I
could hear her screaming but I thought
somebody else was gonna call the cops or
somebody else will do something so I've
always told myself as a goal oh so then
we were talking also about that show
called what would you do what was that
show called what is it in a film like
situations gonna get a restaurant and
it's like hidden camera and there's
actors and like that ladies like drunk
and she's trying to get in her car and
she's an actor and she's and she's
pretending
yeah she's pretending she knows my
Sanders like would anybody stop her or
like somebody who likes likes it took a
baby oh there was one where as a baby in
the car and it showed a lot of people
walking by and looking in and seeing the
baby and then just keep walking like
crying
yeah the bit and there was like a it was
a fake baby and they had this microphone
hooked up and then some people stopped
and they wouldn't leave and they called
the cops and said I'm not leaving I'm
like trying to open all the doors and I
was trying to break in the car one guy
was like trying to break the window out
of this car it was like a hot day
and it was like this you know like you
know you see that it's like oh that's
something that's definitely happening
but some people will just totally walk
away and not um help and it's like crazy
that you could imagine so I've always
told myself I was like I'm so ashamed of
those people for not doing anything and
then I was also so proud of those people
who actually would stop and like risk
its some of their things I've always
told myself when I feel like whenever a
moment and then my life happens I want
to make sure that I don't fail and that
I like and they're jumping yeah to jump
in like I'm gonna help because because
if one person helps then usually
everybody else away okay okay it's
always just takes that one like brave
soul so I've always been nervous
I've always been nervous like that I
wouldn't have that courage or whatever
so I like today all right jump in IT
Crowd the dog knows like I did it I did
it interesting life conversations now
we're gonna get bant are the bike who
wants the bike back here raise your hand
raise your hand if you want to bike ah I
got two bikes Rock - are you on a bike
no I just wanted to sample the Raj in a
parking garage parking garage
oh dude that was hilarious that
rendition of in the parking garage was
brought to you by sons our McGillicuddy
singing J's his dad sons for seven years
son turned McGillicuddy is going to the
Sports Chalet hey I think you own the
place yeah we needed a running stroller
too and some bungee cords to wrap around
this game running through the back store
I got an apple in my hand so I'm a happy
guy I don't on a nail it's gonna be
awesome I haven't even had a tetanus
shot yeah yeah we're negotiating about
bicycles trying to find the right one
it's a good deal yeah yeah so get over
that it's not pink it's a good deal and
it's functional yeah oh there's a bike
party in the store all of a sudden she
goes I think it's nice I think it looks
like I got a bike that you could really
go in the mountains and on the boardwalk
up why oh you can go cuz you're used to
a spin bikes would you wanna get a
ten-speed you want to get one of these
that's what you love think about being
on the boardwalk with that being in that
position that's fine I mean that's what
I'm gonna be using ya know something
like you know maybe maybe we can't even
get a bite right I'm like we'll see
whether it's just like that I think how
it's like square like comes up
I like Diamondback - that's a good brand
pretty much the only thing making this a
hybrid is the fact that it's gonna
street hard
mom likes a straight bar because that's
what her last bike was what kind of bike
that was like a GT wasn't it it's like a
green GT that her and her dad bought
yeah it was an old bike that was like a
ten year old bike all right come on
let's go what else we get whose bike is
that this is your bike that's the bike
you're gonna get that's when you're
choosing you know how to work it let's
see you get going there dude yeah give
some more horsepower than that or you're
gonna go nowheres this is navy tards new
bike and it matches her shirt adorable
are you go this way dude it looks good
do you like it you want to ride that on
the boardwalk down by the beach might be
fun huh you gotta keep up you gotta go
fast do you like your new bike what is
that thing stop oh freak you guys okay
oh it's like a mountain see me ride that
up that mountain
oh you're high centered oh you need a
little traction there go fill it up a
lot put it into four-wheel drive
what is this thing just so you can like
test out your shoes like that's it
No
you got a hog-tie the baby to get that
home and on them nice they rocked ours
we want to see your new feet hey honey
put in there get in there do it I think
he's gonna like that's gonna be so fun
he's like TV just slide his leg
underneath it's just hard you see a bike
attacking you going on here you all
right
your bike attacked you all right testing
out you figure it out pick them up let's
see looks like oh yeah oh snap strong
honey what do you think rock tart want
to go right on the beach in that I think
he does he seems a little bit excited we
think so you're gonna be telling them
I'll tell the trailer with the girls
you tell him in the parking garage in
the park in the parking because riding
bicycles in the parking thank you oh the
helmet we're out of here I you just put
right here my feet I'm vlogging oh thank
you
appreciate all your help we just
freaking we ransacked the Sports Chalet
what do you got in there princess our
son tards on princes cards new mountain
bike what she still has to learn how to
ride ransom sure tomorrow it's gonna be
epic and baby tarde had all her dreams
fulfilled and she got her little pink
bike she's been dreaming up for the last
week and a half last time we came to the
Sports Chalet she didn't get to get it
Stefan he loved it he looked like you're
doing good on it all right let's go go
rock card we got you a seat yeah don't
forget to say there's fun you like
buying bikes
yes okay mommy tard is locked in the
Sports Chalet she can't get out
do you love your bike baby tired haha oh
she's gonna get out
mommy cards have been sat at the door
for like two minutes and the doors
locked
finally somebody came down Oh free mommy
- hey she's free let's see it here she
comes
mommy tardo with son Todd close behind
oh we almost had a wreck on the 405 do
you like it honey turn around here let's
see yeah let's see a profile that baby
that Diamondback come back this way
she's leaving us forever it's nice
knowing you mom it's hard we never saw
her again even though her shoulder and
pursued you guys watch y'all a car could
be coming in the Indy 500 it's sudden
tied by a nose do you like it you love
it
put a little rock art in there we just
got to make sure your seats low enough
that you can touch the ground so that
you don't ever tip over and not be able
to put your leg out you know what I mean
that's one of the things that you'll
have to kind of deal with Palio's have a
lower seat when he's on it I got but he
has a helmet okay yeah I like it I think
it's a good purchase now we can our
entire family can go on the boardwalk
all six of us can all get down there and
really enjoy the sun sand and surf it's
gonna be a great summer everyone okay
let's go home and enjoy our lives here
we go hey do you feel a little left out
yeah I think you do oh sorry dude you're
easier to conceal into a chair if you're
new to malls death is out don't smash in
his face even though he seems to enjoy
it
Rock door
are you letting them do this to you you
let them do this to you uh-huh
shut up would you lose you watch your
videos oh oh
anyway don't worry dude you're a greasy
little monkey noodle face
yeah yeah alright it's time to go to bed
you guys ready go to bed
chow mein baby is it delicious those
noodles this is coming from the girl who
eats dog food willingly shaped mouth one
of my legs bacon strips the other day oh
great dinner you made a salami around
via Panda Express
those flowers really mats and color it's
like this little bench do we show that I
like this little bench and I love this
you were right I was watching I was
editing that I loved that little that
thing it's cool you did you get good
deals at Ross
