take it pretty pretty pretty darn
patches what it is Katie let in shaycarl
got the cutest kids and they'd be up on
you to make another Vince and if you
don't know I'm gonna tell you like this
like this like son charge got all the
girls on them
got him wondering how they get so
handsome okay and baby turn she got that
baby girl swag she can get a little
crazy just like her dad what a rock star
I see you start in the wot hit that
stinky leg then he hit the driver Chris
it's hard when you whack girlfriend's
back handspring it's a perfect ten uh
yeah you know they PDF fifty-two years
done and he's on two three we're ready
for a pity also let it be clear what
this will kind of stuff you have on this
show how this hey guys my handle bars
almost just got caught in this fence
wasn't that I would have ate it all out
of itself oh can you guys imagine how
hilarious that would be all right hi my
name is Shea I am riding my bike does it
look like I'm walking really smoothly
like I'm on like on a belt conveyor belt
getting healthy burned some calories
exciting times you guys I'm at 240 that
is good that means since I started back
in a couple months ago and Phil first I
got me into that weight loss thing with
him right I remember that I was 280 it
means I've lost 40 pounds over the last
couple months
there's no beanie here anyway feeling
really good I just had a really good
juice and I'm excited you down to 200 I
didn't cut my hair my hair is like hot
and long it's probably another couple
months though I'm gonna get I'm gonna
get pretty grisly that's for sure what
are you doing you're gonna fall can you
climb can you climb down those he was
climbing down is he good no he can do it
yeah better he hasn't fallen down these
stairs yet what's up dog
I gotta edit my video I would come be
with you my son but I can't I have to
work alas so sad come on Rach I wanna
see you crawl down those stairs there
you go nice we can finally like trust
him on stairs no baby tired what are you
eating
oh that looks delicious do you like this
watermelon I'd say that this is my
favorite snack of all time I love
watermelon and so does everybody else in
our family we probably go through how
many watermelons a week we go through
two or three four or five we four or
five watermelons a week as a family we
love it huh it's a delicious snack
princess heart what just happened the
alarm clock you mean the entire store
alarm went off okay so we're in Ross
again it's actually a different Ross
looking for a dresser drawers for fun
hard which we did not find did we we
didn't find any they don't have I guess
big items like that anyways princess for
sex I wanna see what's behind this door
pushes on the back door of the store and
the entire alarm goes up and I'm sorry
I'm an idiot I didn't grab the camera I
was more like so I didn't get it on
camera but you didn't mean to do it
though did you
no you're not it was just an accident
just one of those things what can you do
I remember doin stupid stuff
as I can't like oh I didn't think that
would happen
Oh what are you doing careful oh let's
not break something out you are they're
gonna kick our whole family out of the
store excuse me with the lady with the
for reckless children get out of the
store oh wait I only have three today
but they're wild and reckless no I love
crazy love you be careful you have an
ear infection you do
does it hurt right now it doesn't hurt
right now when does it hurt right now if
someone touches it okay
don't touch princes tarts ears she isn't
your impression hey just watch for a
second okay and you said it would hurt
if I touch it so why did you touch it do
you have to be a pain oh the pestering
of Big Brother's begins good luck you
two
no you're you're all okay it's time to
go here's a little fries
bad dog is not nice
Malakai are they okay they say
it was it was okay I felt bad it was
kind of that dog's fault though he's
well he well he started ground and I
kind of grabbed him both so I felt like
it was coming on Malik I just got a big
dog fight out in front of our house what
happened to say about yourself you big
bully huh
or who provoked me good he did it was a
so you have a lab of all dogs that's
crazy
um so we're outside this is like a big
life moment I'm like kind of like a
little like it was a big dog fight you
know when you see two big dogs like
really going at it like in a big fight
that's what it was trying to think like
happens so fast and like I'm like
where's the camera I got something
anyway okay so we're just out talking I
was talking to KC on the phone and about
something exciting and oh so then we're
outside play basketball the kids are
riding around on their scooters and
their bikes and I'm shooting hoops and
mommy tired sitting on the porch and
she's on the laptop ordering plane
tickets for somewhere I don't know
probably some places she's gonna leave
me for I don't know anyways and all
sudden princess card goes Malachi come
here and I'm like oh great so malachite
you know his out front just kind of
hanging out with us but he had wandered
off into the street and there was this
big yellow lab that was walking across
it was also off of his leash and the
owner was just trying to walk and didn't
have that dog on its his leash it was
like both of our dogs were out there in
the street and they did that whole thing
where they walk up to each other and
they're like they're first and they're
both back are like standing up straight
like what are we doing what are we doing
what's going on what's going on and then
I get aggressive and they started like
playing a little bit and like started
running I was like okay good good
oh my god they're just playing so then
the lab came over to me and I started
petting the lab and malachite came over
and see that malachite when maokai
starts playing though he is so big and
strong he doesn't realize it and he's
like way aggressive so I think other
dogs think like whoa dude that wasn't
like a play thing that was like it was
it's like you ever play with your
friends and your kid your friend I catch
you just a little bit too hard you're
like dude like you're like a little bit
pissed you don't mean it's like you know
you're playing fond of is like dude that
was too hard I like want to fight you
right now anyways it was like that with
malachite does with all the time when
he's playing cuz he's just like anyways
um so they I felt I heard it they
started both of and I was like stop stop
and I tried to grab them so you just
tell it was coming on like I knew like a
medial is like I have got to intervene
right here so I grabbed that dog cuz
that dog was right in between my legs
and they started going at it like and so
I grabbed that dog's collar and just
ripped it back and got in front of the
camera did you see that yeah well dad
and then this other guy they were like
they were like and they were just right
there and dad got his collar he was like
this it was a lot more aggressive than
that though listen I'll literally
reenact exactly didn't hold this I was
literally like this I was like melt I
know that I was like screaming I like
holding this dog and his dog was like
still doing to go out it I'm holding
that and Malachi's like it was a that's
the only reason that Malachi stopped
because I was in between the other dog
like he saw me and he was like you could
tell he his eyes were looking past me
like I want to have that dog but he knew
he had to come through me and he
wouldn't never do that cuz he knows I
would kick his ass he did anyways what
my bad I shouldn't work okay so is it a
big life moment because I remember when
I was growing up in Phoenix Arizona at
3902 East Desert Cove my grandpa Eugene
I'm emotional okay you filming it that
was that was weird okay so I was saying
is my gene who I'm really proud of cuz
he was in the Air Force and he was a
colonel in the Air Force and he was in
the war of World War two and he has all
these great stories of flying jets he's
passed away anyways one night me and
Casey we're in Arizona and we had a
boxer named bud and he was a brindle
boxer he is kind of short but he's like
really stout and we're out same
situation in case he had this little
ramp that our dad built us and we wrote
rad on we thought we watched that movie
rad and we loved skateboarding Casey had
this Tony Hawk skateboard that was neon
pink it was like two feet wide that's
exaggeration anyways we're out there
skating and then my grandpa was in town
so my grandpa lived in Provo I think but
he was in Phoenix we lived in Phoenix my
dad was going to DeVry for school this
is like a really personal story I don't
know so uh our bought our boxer bud was
out front playing with us and this pit
bull came and our boxer bought in this
pit bull
just got into it and they latched on to
each other you know how pit bulls do and
they won't let go and my grandpa had
both of these dogs and he was he was
older at the time this he was he was
retired but he was like 55 no I don't
know how it was but I mean he didn't
seem like an old man to me I was like
really proud of him cuz he grabbed both
of these dogs and like picked him up I
was like trying to pull him apart and he
couldn't so everybody was like there was
like there was they were fighting long
enough where all the neighbors came
around most my grandpa left went and got
our hose came back out in the middle of
the street with my dad's hose and
started just with no not aiming towards
any dog this started just whacking the
crap out of these two dogs and they like
my grandpa hit him so hard that they
like what we're hurting that they let go
of each other
and it was like everybody like the kids
are crying I was like but get inside and
that there those people like had their
dog you know and it's like they were
bleeding and it was like traumatic but I
was like dude my gram I'll just freakin
because everybody nobody know what to do
cuz they would not let go of each other
and my Osley I grabbed all the tough
dude anyway so I felt like I had one of
those little moments out there anyways
alright what's for dinner let's go eat
let's go eat Rottweiler come on come on
rock charge like that story cool story
huh okay is I just asked centered I said
dude what's your definition of a
thumbnail do you know what a thumbnail
is so tell me what you think a thumbnail
is Rock darn shut up we're talking about
social media over here he's an annoying
baby and nobody likes him oh that's good
guys bring him here I want to see that
big fat baby head of him bring that big
tub of mud over here hey what are you
doing with your frisbee huh oh no what
are you doing over here so adorable
you're such a cuddly me and mommy time
we're talking about how you suck okay
well I guess the oh you see that smile
any braces dude
yeah gaps in your teeth huh daddy anyway
me and mommy were talking about how he
is at the perfect size right now cuz
he's still small enough we can I hug him
but he's like all four like little
independent dude is like just stumbles
around the house it's hilarious
okay okay so what's a thumbnail David
funny that you make you creative what I
make what creative how do you mean
creative you had like your head in there
right like that
that was the thumbnail right why did we
choose that you think it was funny why
was it funny because you know it was
funny was it funny because laying in the
bushes and I said epic loser that why it
was funny okay so we're just talking
about what thumbnails are okay what are
you watching oh oh so I'm like wrapping
like this internet conversation with the
kids right now and I'm explaining to
them what a website is and what a I
can't see moving I guess use : dude I
think this is grandma turn hold on hello
is this grandma tard you're live on
youtube.com slash Shaytards via audio
we're Auto we you know we knew in
because you just happen to call and I
was vlogging it was a random moment and
now you're part of the conversation you
just basically walked into a room that
we were all sitting and talking in so
now you're here with us we were here
before you you came into our
conversation alright you are calling me
back but I've moved on to other
conversations since then so now you're
interrupting me you guys my mom just
said she is more important than any
other conversations so I'm gonna have to
let you guys go cuz my mama gonna be
kicking my butt you know Sam I don't
respect her that's like your mama you
got me can't hey mom what's up I hate
you
hey the reason I was calling you earlier
is you wanna you want to come to
California for a few days
you
