good morning to the birthday girl yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah birthday birthday
birthday girl
I said yeah welcome to the birthday girl
yeah yeah yeah yeah birthday birthday
birthday girl yeah birthday girl
birthday girl it's so early in the
morning show some excitement that you're
11 years old
hey guess what 11 years ago today your
mom had you come out of her yeah yeah
yeah this is weird
happy birthday anyways yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah good morning somebody's
birthday today
I got an 11 year old can you believe it
princess tart she's almost a teenager
that's gonna get scary let's go wake her
round that's her birthday all right you
guys wish your happy birthday happy
birthday you believe you're 11 yeah
guess who's getting their ears pierced
today you're not actually it's me I've
been waiting for this moment I wanted to
make you feel jealous so I'm gonna get
my ears pierced Annelle are you oh yeah
what kind of earrings are you gonna get
the ones that go through hitters
she's lemon now she's so smart alecky
you're not getting big obnoxious ones or
diamonds what kind of earrings is she
getting anything about that well usually
the first one you get her just studs
like whatever color damn any other side
that's right that's remember yeah we do
this wall wall of memories oh look
that's you yeah that's little baby havea
like a dad well their face like clay
I'm in LA cuter than that just like that
dream big that's all I got to say oh
snap who's the cheerleader
Avia is cheerleader dream big and going
to paris one day yeah yeah yeah yeah
happy birth are we sucking it this
morning's like working we're trying hey
may the fourth be with you may the
fourth be with you on your birthday
hey we wanted to tell you that you're
part of the good side
yeah of course you're also totally the
breath is stinky with you alright
good morning that birthday hey wake up
you brat it's not your birthday get out
of bed you ready for school it's not
your birthday it's your sister's
birthday go to bed good morning ah
Nadia's birthday we've given him hugs
did you used to set your clothes out in
the morning
do you guys still do that do you lay
your clothes out on the floor before you
get ready for school
Colette does that I'm going back to bed
happy birthday everybody happy birthday
I'm gonna sleep oh what a beautiful
morning oh what a beautiful day I've got
an eggy face son named Kevin and
everything tastes like eggs and toast
good morning everybody it's a fabulous
morning and go feed the cows and carrots
because I have some carrots that are
kind of they're old and we didn't use
them in time for juicing and they're
kind of dry so I'm gonna go feed them to
the cows and see if they will enjoy them
every time Shea's out there they come
and stare at him like where's the
carrots I need the care can I have the
carrots now and yesterday which one was
it Larry you're mean Dave Shea was out
in the pasture but he didn't have any
oats or carrots and she went to pet him
and he goes hmm
don't touch me unless you up get all
right they're ready for him thank you
stand up straight
stand up straight like y'all was taller
than me you think boys are growing up
here Larry up here Larry there you guys
are straight tall proud cows that's what
we're all about on the farm was teaching
the cows good posture today except
mm-hmm Zeke Zeke you want to care it I
want Zeke to put a carrot in his mouth
and feed one of the cows we tried it
he's a booger Korona try pickle Larry
it's fun really come to slimy yeah I
keep in their mouth hey I don't mind
sharin jur yeah we found a car car
that's a good note good job all right
we're here without Daxton it's kind of
lonely
oh you think Brock do you miss him so he
was missing him in the car but now that
he has his own car car and he doesn't
have to share the steering wheel I'm
sure he's very happy about it
Carly's baby sitting down soon just cuz
she wanted to I think she is maybe
wanting a baby I don't know but it's so
cute he was so excited to go to her
house he kept asking her so she of
course had to give in all right are you
ready yeah I will try not to uh super
tight
I am
hey hey didi I love you all right
look there's our birthday girl
there's your birthday cake and yes we
have this kiddie pool and that's for
something else you'll have to see that
later on my channel we got ice ease
because we want it to be like summer
what's the best part
Karnes oh you're so lucky their defiance
and huh we're gonna celebrate his
birthday yay happy birthday - Avia do
you want to show him the cards yeah okay
the first one that I picked out for her
is of course none other than with Taylor
Swift so we had to get it
she's gonna love that one okay now show
her the one that you picked out for the
kids and you know they would say she'll
love it I love birthdays
all right let's go check out we got to
get out here hmm
oh I couldn't find a mint ice cream cake
in last minute time because I didn't
order it mmm but I'm just gonna get the
chocolate cake with no ice cream to go
with it and that we need English well I
think we're ready for a birthday party
what do you think I think we're ready
I'm excited not the way air that's a
note she's gonna be surprised I don't
think she she realized it was gonna ruin
a decorate and stuff
okay good thing we don't have the other
kids with this cuz we got to fit all
this stuff in the car yep we got food we
got birthday cake we got juice Oh My
heck I love you okay we almost got it
looks like a walking swimming pool can
you get it
doing good oh wait flip it on the other
side flip it so it's so the bowl-like
will hold all the stuff in it flip it
over
you flip it over like two boys okay hold
on put this in it first
now you lift it up and put it on top of
everything see you did it it fits all
right just playing outside it's a
beautiful day in the grass is green and
the mud is muddy that fine young boy is
about to experience the very first mud
four-foot memory Wow it's good she finds
it how's that feel that feel weird to
feel weird Jackson is it called they
love that I love that the cows are just
just hanging I love you
he's beautiful I love it cool just keep
about 20 feet between you and him okay
yeah don't get too close to the cows is
it cold axon these are the fun memories
huh just playing in the mud exploring
the world he's been working on the
railroad
all live long days this is like the only
way that I can get it because my boots
get stuck mm-hmm so I just have to find
a good spot for him just let him marry
in and those are just my foundations yep
that's my work zone you guys this is
what I make him do when he misbehaves
get out there and dig that ditch Shay
I'm doing it so the good work out your
arms burnin see now I hold on yep
oh hey Zeke we were wondering where you
were
he's an explorer dog he just likes to
get muddy and explore you okay well
guess you're getting hosed down okay
okay the party is being decorated for we
got candy and presents and streamers oh
my or those presents
those are presents right there I see
them the presents right there okay right
now we're going to pick up the girls
from school and upon a vias request we
rented a limo how stereotypical right
you guys are anything we're rich she
wanted a limo so we're getting her limo
was her mom's fault she's gonna dig
ditches later okay somebody's birthday
today
she looks beautiful Kayla curled her
hair you look lovely darling and what
did you want for your birthday a phone
and getting my air strips well you're
getting one of them for sure and it's
about to happen
you ready okay get my hot seat we're
still gonna go 300 persons you want
appear speak no just so you know
different these piercings they do vary
by price so you have to ask your mama
okay hey hey I just had an idea as we're
pulling in here to the mall we're mice
little pierced what are we doing Davey
azir's
you know the funny thing is I actually
got my ear pierced in the same mall and
my mom and dad were furious haha
Jana spares your ears what if I offered
a via 300 bucks to wait another year
blogging was bogging me it's why the
both of us brought Oh be selfish blog
selfish blogger Maxim um I better hurry
end though because they just pulled up
in a limo and she might hurry and go do
it so I got to get in there and offer
her oh look there's the limo he just
dropped off it's a via and all of her
friends but they're cruising around in a
limo Colette said they're having the
best time in there
alright let's cut the turkey we'll try
to talk a V out of piercing your ears
you wanna go to limo okay let's go
inside it and see that birthday girl I'm
time for her screaming and crying I have
an offer for you
I'll give you $300 if you wait until
next year to pierce your ears 500 500
bucks to wait till next year
depreciate cash I'll give us $700 cash
one thousand one thousand cash and you
won't push ears right now care pressure
look they're already holding hands I had
a strategy that's a pretty good I had a
strategy I know how much she loves money
if all that these of her friends weren't
all here I'd I just she would have done
it she totally would oh yeah hi guys so
I couldn't get my ears pierced because
of this contractor like I don't know
they don't like immunization
whatever it means joshing record shots
and one of those things to hear yours
piercing that's why you shouldn't immune
as I immunization your kids because then
they can't get their ears pierced at
them all I kind of feel bad but the guy
was about to pierce her ears and he's
like do you have your immunization
records and we're like no do we have to
have those to get her ears pierced and
he's like sorry it's policy we're like
oh geez so yeah if he has been a good
sport about it and Colette's trying to
call some other place around town where
we can get ears pierced
baikin man I told her I'd do it for free
it's the hammer on a chin can me your
cool dude my guy man man here we aren't
in the 500 you can do this buddy yeah
Oh No blocked water hose all right let's
go
is that your trophy a new puppy let's
see your new puppy Brock geez that's an
intense race Jackson let's go more you
lost come on let's go
you're the last to get out of the car
that means you lose hey lady
any of that like asleep all right we're
in a limo for the hashtag birthday girl
yeah
I'm so like would tell me about your how
do you feel about your ears right now I
don't really care as much because we
could just do it a different day because
I am 11 yeah so you can get it any day
yeah like I would have been more mad if
I can only get today Mexican and are you
a little bit relieved were you nervous
yeah
I'm actually relieved okay
actually not Darlie because I really
want to give them fish yeah
well another day and we'll vlog it for
sure guys having birthday hang on when
I'm 11 my way through 11
what do you think dude it's pretty corny
like right now story a boring lecture
and I got the note and I say yeah livin
large today on the baby's birthday per
her request she's been asking to write
over
figured eleventh birthday was sometime
the five we're lighting them we're
lighting them up let him up light the
fires and kick the tires cake the rake
and jake the snake' what I don't know
Herbert Dre oh look at those candles
eleven of them all right here we go
we're singing happy birthday happy
birthday to you sing it happy birthday
to you happy I'll leave the singing to
the ladies oh that's beautiful they're
not be about boy
okay it can be better for you what would
you wish for was it about a boy okay
good and I can't say anything else
because it's against the wishes rules
oh hi Dottie mom I offered a be a
thousand dollars to wait till next year
to pierce her ears and she said no a
girl want to pierce your ears
I guess how old were you when you got
your ears pierced eighth grade you were
eighth grade and how did you do it my
aunt did with a needle and thread
I know what you said like a cork there
was this but I just keep you on my ear
and put a needle and stuck it through
and I can hear it cracking ladies you
did carly's at six months six months
that's too young
Totti you look beautiful with your ears
pierced
I like your ears do you like him pierced
it looks cool
um how many of you had your ears pierced
by a mom or an aunt or a sister by
sticking a needle through them I don't
wanna do that and just like that another
birthday has come and gone how many
birthdays has it been now over the years
it's been plenty let me just tell you
but yes Avia our dearly beloved princess
tart is now 11 years old and her ears
are still not pierced I know what some
of you are thinking you guys were
thinking that like maybe I tipped the
guy at Claire's to not
careers or make up some rule about
needing the immunization records I
didn't do any of that I had no part in
that but uh it made me happy no we'll
get a vias ears pierced she was wise in
what she said as far as like you know
she knows she'll get them done there's
no reason to be all upset and ruined the
day which is a perfect example of
happiness is a choice you can be
disappointed and not freaked out about
it even though it's like come on Shh
she's a loving year-old girl on her
birthday that's a bad example I'm
dealing with real life here you gotta
start somewhere find the small examples
okay I love you guys thanks for watching
and thank you for leaving the happy
birthday comments I let a via scroll
through my Twitter yesterday and there
was so many happy birthday a vias on my
Twitter so I was letting her read those
and the a B family sent her a video
singing happy birthday I should tweet
that it was a hilarious video anyways um
now you guys won't leave me alone till I
tweet that I bet you I bet you I bet you
okay guys wish if you happy birthday in
the comments and then you can go see her
celebrate her birthday for the last
eight years uh yeah these last eight
videos are probably I mean the last
through you know I'm saying she's had
birthdays for the last 11 years but
we've only filmed for the last a so you
click on a miss phase miss ribbon okay
I'm gonna go okay buy the bike
