is that a Lamborghini I think that Chris
Brown cut somebody famous
look at his rims man no they looked at
me and smiled and then looked away look
- there was one in front of me how much
is a Lamborghini
it's like $200,000 somebody Google that
what's the cost of it what's that what
are you going to write a check for to
get a Lambo the Lambo never driven I've
driven a Corvette intuitive Porsche
obscure extra bucket let's have a
Lamborghini drive one know what happens
drive one goodness me muscle where you
don't meet a violent retaining those
that are gold a little higher than just
driving it no Madison our goals high in
life hey centaur take dad remember you
have four kids that need to go to
college eventually
I'm gonna I'm gonna buy no school car
it's gonna be a slacker
oh gosh you might be you might be taking
a pogo stick my high school car is gonna
be a I remember growing up who remembers
grown up and and I call the kids like
they tell their parents that have crap
they're branded cars small I'd be like
my parents whenever I drove a Toyota
Tercel and then when I rolled that I
started driving a 1972 buick electra and
that car was like 400 feet long and it
would like this down the highway I'm
gonna be hit they get it got like six
miles a gallon
had a big 455 engine and and their motor
or whatever you do for a nothing we're
go the gas would go near the old Bullock
are really comfortable like the shocks
the suspensions like room and this a
with his admits that car had overheated
like summer every other
you know I loved my high school I
remember that part - that's when I first
started dating you at that car and but
then you switch to the Subaru wagon and
I remember it was such a freaking mess
we're dating and one day I had her car
for summary it's not like we're ever out
since I'd say I had in my mind cuz I get
in your car it was such a mess we had
bought all right you had bought it for
somebody we knew that had pets and it
was like it was turned she hadn't had a
chance against one day we're hanging out
at her house and she had to go to work
at weiners I said here I'll take you to
work in your car I didn't tell her that
I went and what she would work I was
like I was so amazed like everything
like relationships I would think I was
that don't you remember how I said like
sleepovers on it and I had q-tips and I
was like it was a crappy car it was like
an 85 Buick the kind that run forever
but they're not pretty yeah I was the
very nice like Russ Oliver but I clean
them out of that thing so we're headed
up to the canyon
show it where we're headed we're going
up to the canyon north and the 405
swimming in its pool we're Nikias kids
everybody listen you guys will we get to
bubbly Wow right when you jump in okay
you know one actually I should ask fill
this I think I'm on sand is my father
sorry my mom is right she said the in
the comments in somebody knows bills
houses for movies is Sunday right now
and three 35 minutes 30 seconds of our
lives
you have just lived with us as they
happen thanks for joining
oh go please you guys please right now
go to watch our new video I need to
watch slow down those snap let's now
that our Lamborghini up here
yes please go watch I changed the title
I don't like that title epic fail but I
like epic war better I just changed the
title so don't get me mad about that
when you guys will favorite it it's
almost on the front page to top favorite
it it's number four and it has to get
like two thousand more favorites to make
it up onto the front pages you guys do
that you know what do you need to wait
on even have to thumbs up this video
save what you normally would have
clicked to thumbs up this video just
click a few more times over to the
shaycarl but don't you go see the video
yes don't know favorite if you don't
like it if you don't like it don't my
favorite it's a good video I'm like I've
never been more I mean none ever but
this is the most excited I've been I'm
excited I've been about a video too long
and I love that it's not a product but
it's not a brand video you know but
listen we're gonna do these every
Saturday and I think what we're gonna do
is we should make it a tradition to have
a live blog TV shows a lot of people are
pissed that they miss the live show
yesterday I think towards the end
there's about 5,000 people in the room
but I think we should make it a
tradition every Saturday night we'll
have an upload goal I won on the bought
TV about an hour before we upload it and
then we'll just chat and you know all
party together on Saturday night and
then upload the video all right one
takes any place you guys go favor that
video gives it's your favorite if it's
your favorite OK ROCK Donald snap
what are you doing rock dard younger
than ever I'm fun in the truck
it's like the driving in your truck
what's going on we're good is talking
about Oh fYI missed the exit
