piggy piggy piggy pretty darn precious
what it is Katie let it shake Carl got
the cutest kids and they be up on
YouTube making all the bins and if you
don't know i'ma tell you like this like
this like son's heart got all the girls
on them
got him wondering how'd he get so
handsome okay and baby's heart she got
that baby girl swag she can get a little
crazy just like her dad with a rock part
I see you starting to walk hit that
stanky leg then he hit the driver prison
start where you whack girlfriend back
handspring it's a perfect 10 huh yeah
you know they PDF 52 years ten and he's
on two three we're ready for video so
let it be clear hey Kermit opera that is
my kitchen voice I have like 15
different kitchen voices when I'm
cooking I have two inner to entertain
myself varies for you what don't have to
post it che know how cool I am
oh it's steaming no get up its oh sorry
it's old fogey not now you guys can see
what I see when I take my contacts out
yeah literally is that is that watch
watch okay ready this is before it was
like what was like what club gets off
now cuz it like that isn't that bad do I
look like that yes no wonder you married
me I like she met me on a day when she
was wearing her contact
I was like oh yes I'm very sure and then
I kept my glasses on I was like crap yes
what do we do that
not even stuck with me for eight years
eight long tedious yeah being stuck with
you babe I got you babe
uh-uh I've got you but you're so sweet
smiling you're singing now do you been
we have not been sinking on the one that
I was talking about in the video the
other day is fever she gives the sea
fever just because you don't get all the
attention means you got to be a little
crybaby how about I kick you with my
boot Oh slapping your hands on the time
flow over tile flow I'll slap your hands
on the time oh all the live long day - -
song something it better he's going on
one now today usually has two I can't
put him down for a nap now because it's
almost seven o'clock and that's two
hours before bedtime
Oh bothersome sounds like a conundrum
what will we do like I don't know we're
bad parents edit that out Jake wait no
no no we're going
oh all right all on I have a good one
take one go back that's what I'm talking
about yes every day that's why I was
talking about the other night I was
trying to explain it you're like I don't
know what you're talking about yeah dog
never know how much I love you never
know how much I can't I don't know
you're so hot all right let's go make
out
hey hey is what you doin what you doin
little laser hey yes we eating tacos
today is it Taco Tuesday
is it time right now dude I had some
listening earlier I'm just trying to be
behaving myself on the food intake I
just had a little snip snap it and it
was so labor but it's somethin oh there
help ya no cheese on him I like my juice
says the little rough baby
well you don't all right grab tacos
super delish Osos nice night to be in
California so what I just got off the
phone with KC and um I made him an offer
uh am i but I'm trying to get him to
move to California we're at the Home
Depot yeah yeah yeah we're at the Home
Depot yeah yeah yeah we're at the Home
Depot come on down and buy some wood and
lumber and other things hey yeah you
guys mr. musical for out The Home Depot
we're at the home depot NASA Jubilee to
her at the home the home depot
why no we're not that is not part of the
lyrics of the song who wrote those in
there I want to speak to this writer
with Home Depot we're not what are we
yeah what are we about what do we I was
yeah it's a whole look at the moon it's
so pretty what a beautiful summer's
evening I'm so happy that I live in
America with my family and beautiful
people are so amazing we should get tart
plant garden stuff gardening stuff yes
oh then it's not safe
wonder where would you go we won wait
wait where's the garden easy this way
wait you're leaving the other gone
children got a little bit we're shopping
yeah moving is shopping but the things I
hate it up renting that house is like I
get excited like there's so much the
home and do to it oh are you doing
I like these I'm a carpenter okay how
much one you like that's ready not our I
like that one's cool yeah like this one
this is my favorite actually cuz it
might come I can wrestle with my kids
all night on this yes you could wrestle
your purse all night okay what's
interesting though will get dirty
he will possibly know it's always a
possibility we're not so paying for this
we want to get it is it too big though
it might be too big such thing is too
big when it comes to rugs from getting
this hey
do you agree I'm like we're getting this
do I have a choice do I can I like it
yeah all right it looks like shaggy
looks comfortable
we need a little carpet in there okay no
no they're gonna get a dress I don't
really like that one yeah that's one
thing because that's one thing we like
white but we've said to ourselves you
know what just because we have kids
we're not gonna stop from having the
things that we like dirty that's true
right he laughs it's like that's what
you say now you will regret it you want
that wasn't he hey we didn't get that
one
do you like that one better like how
bright it is well let's get that one in
this one of even worse with kids huh
let's how light that is we have a black
dog a big black dog thank you well yeah
I think he's right I think it's like
they'll be hair and everything ready
yeah and he'll go took a walk out in
that mud park oh I see you're doing okay
he's got he knows what was going on he's
got a system down he rubs her do it in
your life who are you guys I know we're
gonna hear in the comments wait get this
one gets that one I like the top one
personally that's like four like it a
nice sauce Alex go - you guys are
working hard I'm glad I'm not just go
ah thank you so much you like that one
for sure oh gosh
so watch out
yay that's a nice deal - yeah that much
for cute drugs and then alright here we
are we're in the brush we're hiding from
the dinosaurs they're all in the Home
Depot right now they got out of their
cages now we're stuck in the home so I
feel like every time I come into the
garden center because it reminds me
every time like remember like on
gremlins and they got that big fight in
there like the big like Home Depot kind
of store figure like the gardens like
where the dinosaurs would be like yes
we're the velociraptor quiet
velociraptor today ah leave up replay
that hey just no longer what are you
getting mommy tard gonna get a plant to
put on your hat yeah she need a plant
pant that plant I like that I don't know
is anyone for your room yeah if you have
to take care of you have to water it
every day you're a flower a plant you
have to make sure it survives
except for nothing like that they're a
lot more obnoxious oh wait no the kids
are yeah water and love you have to talk
to him every day red nadie blue for two
you drive down to the 45 yard line
be good go oh so you guys work we're
into the end zone party boy nice finger
football bro this is our field brought
to by the graphs on truestudio what you
find now are you having a good time
would you get how many plants we're
gonna be able to fit in the truck we got
this giant rug - don't forget
not very many just a couple okay maybe
one more color hey do not hit my flowers
like that you're my flowers if you
muscle off don't stop it
hey I'll punch you right in the nose
okay those are pretty those look look so
cute he's like does it go Orange they
are a pretty huh good like roses they're
not roses they're marigolds I believe
they're like little oranges what do you
think babies are do you like them Andy
get away get on your tip tip tip Ito's
and get it get on your tippy toes mommy
Todd can I ask a Patos English the
flower you need like a plant Reacher all
right sound of check out here Humpty
bone thank you check that all right
tip it up Debbie debit or credit it's
not working I don't think it's turned on
dude
you know grow up Morgan Home Depot oh
thank you Kevin where's my receipt help
thanks got it had a push broom push
broom things around on the target 8
billion plants three gorgeous how I
didn't be beautiful we got one of these
chubby babies till we brought him with
us all right the question is is it gonna
fit in the truck
how long is that that's like I don't
bake rug yeah it's a really big rug yeah
I don't know hours in are you wanna hop
up there and organize flowers of them on
each one
hey here come on hop up there hop up in
the truck
Prince the Stars up there house quick
quick truck climbing
oh that reminds me laying on the back of
the truck reminds me of going to the
drive-in movies we should do that one
night today I think I'm sure they do we
could get a bunch of blankets and
pillows in the back of the truck
I just want to do that yeah of course I
need to say look do it tomorrow
that's all of it it's Friday night maybe
no maybe we'll do it tomorrow night
yeah no tomorrow night we're having an
upload party you guys tomorrow night
which is going to be today today if
you're watching this right now oh sweet
I'm glad I remember this
Sam macaroni and the video that me and
Sun tar did and Princess hard which
princess hearts ends up doing something
messed up really end that's cool and she
wins everything but we're not gonna tell
him
you guys it's on my shape not how shut
up don't listen to everything that I say
and none of what she says
anyways shaycarl channel right now it
should be up we're gonna have an upload
party tomorrow night and when this is up
that'll be tomorrow you're watching this
right now it should be well no because
just we waiting for the shaycarl channel
it's we don't know we're gonna call yet
but it's a pretty sweet video and we're
super pumped and we can't wait to see it
all right now we're loading the the
flowers in here cuz we haven't even seen
it yet huh Sam has been editing it Sam's
edited this whole thing we just acted in
it and we helped write it and then Sam
is editing everything and yeah yeah
anyway so it fits up right now go check
it out I'm really excited about it me
and Sam we do a lot of these projects
together so be sure you guys go
subscribe to Sam cuz he's awesome and
he's gonna do some way more cool stuff
you just wait
alright we're bringing our flowers into
our house and we're remodeling it we're
putting flowers in the windowsill
what do we think we just changed the
room here's the new carpet Tut hole
oh I like this way better it opens up
the room more so now when we walk in
there's no like separation of rooms it's
still one big room but there's still
like a viewing area
it's so much more open so that what
we're gonna probably do since this TV
stopped working is we're going to get
another one we're going to put up in the
corner right here mount it on the wall
and then you can just sit we have to put
a lamp back there we're gonna put a
picture or a plant back there yeah this
looks way better what look at this table
I like all the flowers it looks really
nice sometimes even drawing pictures of
flowers that's how many flowers we got
it's all about flower power
we got the flower power who's got the
flower power
what oh you name didn't you yeah put
away that hey somebody's going up the
stairs Oh somebody is making a run for
it
get all the laundry off the couch let's
get this friggin cleaned up what we knew
what these floors need wow that's what
sucks that's what I hate about renting
this house I want to I wish I owned I
want to redo these floors I do a dance
for your hat this guy
follow the things on the rug what do you
see is under there I guess I got this
year here hi
alright everybody say bye we'll see you
tomorrow
