look at that shirt my favorite shirt I
wore this this is where I went to marry
moppets summer camp this was like in
Phoenix Arizona
this used to be my shirt you believe it
now look who's wearing it rock dog walk
dog when guys shut again will you
maintain for this my shirt was my
favorite shirt from when I was a baby
no wait a Mary more please and I had a
teacher named Mrs corner and she made me
take a nap and she drooled on me one
time who remembers that Sarandon I told
that story was yeah I this teacher
I wouldn't stop uh playing around with
naptime and she came and shook me and
drooled on me her name was Miss corner
and that was her thing like I got in
trouble she in the quarter so we called
a Miss corner okay guys rock face you
monkey buddy so here's what happened who
wants to hear my excuse raise your hand
I do I wanna hear your excuses daddy
he'll be your exclusive Lilly all your
excuses why you can upload a video okay
so today is freaking busy we woke up
went to breakfast took Casey and Caylee
and Brailey engaged to the airport we're
sad they flew home today
my face is redder than you guys I got
sunburned late yesterday
yeah okay No ah you'll do what
look at your faces are smashed oh cool
so dude walk and I can't rush your new
shoes put your new shoes up here bro
let's see him put your put your shoe
right here huh
Oh losing the babies check this out
Center got some new shoes I think
they're Sean Whyte yeah we are sweet dog
dressing new shoes want to show them
here let's show here is like maybe tarts
new shoes
they're pretty they may like a little
gum on what is this but I touch you on
your way
look at baby tardes new shoes wait are
they I don't give him the camera look at
her new shoes rock here do you like your
new shoes
alright you're on the ground ok so this
morning we took Casey and Caylee back to
the airport then I uploaded a shayloss
video and away in on Tuesday I lost 3
pounds so I'm down almost ten I'm down
nine point six pounds of two weeks
that's good go watch the shayloss
somebody won $200 somebody won $100 go
soon see it was and some people even
gained weight yeah we had some guys that
were weight gainers this week it was a
hard week works I could I didn't I lost
I lost three pounds and sundar lost like
point four pounds so he lost weight too
anyways then I uploaded the new shaycarl
video the GE tag or green road trip
video is up I have a ton of footage but
I forgot that Mommy was going shopping
today with one of her girlfriends and
now I'm babysitting these guys how
embarrassing my own Coons home but my
own babies you get up under state your
own it's just called later that I guess
so um I
have like 27 minutes of footage
yesterday we went to the beach
we took Casey and Caylee down down to
Hollywood short of Mann's Chinese
Theater like all the famous people you
wanna go down reptilians bored of this
so you guys I just looked up I'm like
it's 6:30 and I haven't edited the vlog
today where's Brett when I need him I
just had meetings I was in meetings all
day for this
ooh I can't tell you guys I got a form I
can't even show you guys what it is and
then um we're starting a new mommy turn
start a new channel and they're going to
have I can't explain about that editor
I've been in medians all day um you
actually can't write go look at the
channel it's gonna be called the moms
view and it's gonna be like a mom's hub
for like all things mothers like how to
make recipes and like how to do your
hair quick if you have to go out with
the kids or like how to get a sweet
husband stuff like that and Kaylee and
Carly and lisanova was here that was one
of the meetings we had they're all gonna
like start this mom's channel it's
called the mama - Lisa is pregnant no
just okay start this rumor she's not
she's just helping produce the channel
so you guys want it they don't have any
videos it's good I shouldn't even told
you about it cuz now you're gonna be
bugging us a lot but it probably won't
have stuff on it for a while but they're
getting it ready so we have all these
plans exciting stuff going on so the
blog we have tomorrow's is an excuse
video you hate my guts unsubscribe you
hate me okay part yeah my feelings okay
you ignore anything else
maybe chard has one more wall look at my
face that should be the thumbnail right
oh you're so annoying
what Hey look at the green light see the
green light that's mean if you look at
the green light you're looking into
their eyes we have this connection you
can't just stare yourself the whole time
to see how pretty you look
okay lots of ice cream raise your hand I
love my pendant
hey why are you covering your armpit
raise your hand decoration both your
hands I'll get you some ice cream
raise your hands if you want ice cream
both of them pioneer hi
say bye okay guys see you tomorrow my
promise live good footage I'll have it
up early I promise right come home cause
we need you Bradley's
