the youngest art yes that's rock in PvP
and he ain't gonna stop CML sing all the
time with the big smile give this baby
that will see in a while when baby
charts long as she takes a bath three
years old so you do the math anything's
possible baby tard front cover of jeans
buns album art yeah mrs. tarnish she's
bad above this life the star she's
extravagant and she might get a bit
hyper at times but I guess that it runs
in the family line and Sun tart man full
of funk and soul souls move whenever the
music says go yes all the time yeah you
get some command and a dancing your
dreams in across the land and we got two
heads of the house one was like line one
squeaks like a mouse with the loves I
knew when computer screen J Carl kitty
let captains of the team too careful you
guys don't break the piano okay maybe
tard don't smoke the cigarette don't
float that okay that's bad for you huh
it's bad for you this is a piano out by
maker studios that nicepeter trashed for
his one of his epic rap battles like
history with Beethoven it's all messed
up yeah he knocked it over
they found this little piano they made
it easy to make a video we're here and
maker studios so what do you reveal I'm
gonna get Cayley to start a channel
you get it you're gonna produce really
and Carlee shots holla holla I'm
actually gonna do something okay yeah
you guys should you guys make videos
together right oh I think it out get the
three of you guys
yeah you actually do a video on jean
shorts
well okay great good a collab on jean
shorts you guys could all wear jean
shorts high heels I love that would you
that Casey I would do it give you that
hey look at this
where'd you do this Oh hold this camera
check out this shirt I was there I'm
Carly Carly gave him this yeah sure she
said this is for the fur California
Bishop Jerry camera-ready hair up bag
rock hard hey Dad crazy with me
I'm a big baby
man what are you looking at but it's not
going to make you studios long age come
on children
oh yeah he like starts shaking he like
can't even help himself
yes no so good
oh my gosh there's Harry yeah I was
gonna say you're gonna clean that up
right yeah my hair Casey are you a baby
boy
he's eating bread sticks Casey got him
it's my hair little sweet yeah it's so
much fun you have meters Reverend no
she's excited she's shivering yeah
excite you wanna go jump off the diving
board try go off the diving board my job
good okay here we go
all right this bird this is for ten
points hold on gage we have difficulty
is high very high difficulty third point
your toe one two three
she likes that and a half strong seven
right in the dining not nice for
yourself first time she's been scared
this entire time
well you leaves herself key please
Kasey's gonna do one and a half you
totally could dude do it
here he goes Casey with one and a half
off the diving board nice sweet dude you
got that easy easy cheesy let's say it
in we're ready for this trick the trick
of all what are you in a wait what are
you gonna do I think you should do a
dive wand I've owed Ivan okay you're
stretching it out stretch it out okay
let's see it in ready yeah
nice jump mami tarde hey Kaley where are
you - giant we're gonna dive in you'd
hold your cast above your head dude oh
yeah oh yeah eyeliner - that part out do
another trick I I was looking at your
butt baby I may or may not have been
yeah I was staring at it do it do
another trick dude give us another trick
oh snap I hate when that happens like
this you what oh you got the baby in the
pool did you like it see how in fun yeah
get him used to it hey do another trick
go another trick you want to get LASIK
let's go eat your LASIK rolled up well
we'll just go pick you up some LASIK
okay just real how much is LASIK
expensive it's like two grand $2,000
yeah not you're not worth that much
are you think about a lifetime of
glasses and contacts let's do it
after a while it'll pay off you should
do it let's do it you want to make it
running really bad no it's not at all
it's like perfect it's almost like a bet
your girls hate you right now
and she just jumped in the pool or
better make ups perfect well I didn't
rub my eyes if I rub my eyes and all of
you know
No hey let's get you LASIK you want to
do it you nervous you're nervous
michael buckley did it Gobekli michael
buckley did it and it looked scary but
he said it was so easy and so honest
you're gonna do it I should do it let's
do it okay if you want to pay well I
actually don't I like that you are kind
of blend that way when I'm naked and
your glasses are off you can't really
like see me that's gonna that's how
blank once I get LASIK I'll be like
you'll be like oh you are ugly why did I
marry you yeah not hey guys what's going
on you guys having fun at the pool party
I'm having fun oh he's gonna fall in
what's this is this chlorine let me put
it in my mouth nom nom nom nom nom
hey baby tar did you jump off the diving
board you having fun
happy fourth of July as the patriotic
balls drift by what America planned that
I bet you America hired those balls to
flow by just so they could get some ad
recognition how's that baby doing you
like it yeah I think he is he finally
found the fun in it I got a beach ball
this is the real housewives of the
Hollywood Hills in the belly is this a
sweet house we're at Philip defranco's
house right now and it is quite the view
here's the party going on the everyw is
out here just chilling Sun tire with his
tattoos we've been to the pool the
entire time they're cooking burgers over
there that girls in the pool it's
awesome I love this view this field is
amazing I love this palm tree this palm
tree just randomly showed up and there
goes rock cards
go get him here I go I got the ball yeah
he's like this walk wants to walk around
with the ball oh there's another one now
he lost it all right here Casey
somebody's about to die jumping off your
roof I love your brother he's a good
person
no I went to go guy say get to sleep I'm
a goalie god
watch this give a round of applause
nice dive dude nice i boosted him my
boss you bitch i boosted them I'm
telling son tard how July 4th happens so
basically the British came to America
and they're like all right listen here's
the deal we're going to tax you guys and
you're going to give us all of your
stuff constantly right we're going to
keep taxing you we're going to taxation
without representation and our
forefathers were all like you know what
forget that that's bogus we're not gonna
pay taxes we're gonna secede from you
guys we're going to go away and then the
British it'll happen it happened in
Boston where yeah love you off is
impossible it was like hey kid get the
thing out of my house get whatever I see
to it by late what's up what's up kid
you wanna get out of Revere I'm gonna
name this town after me cable sup yes
that's what is that
