it's just nice see reality is just a
cool family we are importing photos into
my computer this is fun to watch these
are all of the photos that I have taken
was her naked one there I think there's
a naked one that oh this is the head
play this is fun to watch this is all
the photos on my camera first rocked art
there's a naked baby ah that's cool it's
like it's stop-motion camera yeah oops
there was a naughty thing up we're done
all right
falling cannot be important okay that's
sweet it is Sunday at the Shaytards
residence and we are making ourselves a
barbecue today are you ready
Kaleigh done Akili done hey Haley bath
are you ready hey what are you doing you
get another step mushrooms ranges OD
stem all the mushrooms you're the
bestest ever what is Donnie doing here
you falling Donnie
that's not Donnie Donnie where to go
Donnie let's put let's put another
Donnie this will be this will be Danya
da svidaniya the dart there we go that's
dawnia the dart time you get her nothing
case your favorite nothing yeah dude
cook it on the grill brah do psych do
half of those hey you excited
you got a feather in your hair that must
mean you're excited hey what are you
doing you having some macaroni and
cheese huh your Green Bay Packers fan
I'm American cheese the hook for sure Oh
hold it see look that's me
you see you daddy no you can't touch it
isu daddy is yeah yeah you want help you
help shuck the corn dude you're gonna
need help trust me it's gonna it's gonna
be a long process you shouldn't do it
all by yourself dude after you deal out
six of those you're gonna want their
help cuz you got to get them super clean
oh man does this bring back memories for
me you do all by yourself okay girls he
wants to let them do one piece each and
then you can do the rest okay so that
sound like a good deal you can do one
piece this is I told Sontaran we're at
the store that this was gonna be his
short he's been excited to shuck the
corn for some reason yeah I heard I
already know how to do this
Wow who taught you you taught you she
knows stuff yeah your mom doesn't know
anything don't lie yeah she always make
dinner for us she does doesn't she
you husk in the corn you guys already
seen on it is that fun guys
sundered looks like you got a little
little crew here
what's your guys's deal you guys never
want to help out you never want to work
or clean so you guys are all about husk
in the corn hey honey we need to start a
corn farm let's start a corn harvest got
some free workers here rock hard
what are you doing with a rock in the
house young man just because your name's
rocker doesn't mean you can bleep bring
rocks in the house he's a rock butter
there's a rock border there he goes Oh
get it throw it on his skateboard get on
there get on some dirt skateboard Yeah
right there
that is my skateboard but son tard
everything belongs to me up rock down
rock down there's a rocked our deaf son
tired everything that belongs to me
belongs to you you know why because I
love you
son I love you so much
I cherish and your brother hey butt-head
what I love you I love you I got you a
butt hand
Oh buddy out of all bud answers coming
Her Majesty Butthead has just arrived to
the kitchen yeah call me up what what
mock me once never dick you never do it
again
tell me stuff plus tell me stuff like
flats make my tape talking Sully fun
just stop stop it Shh hey is it gonna
grow a big very Kaylee said she could
roommate french-braided you need this
you need this do try to braid it try to
braid it and get a brain it may hurt
dude I'm nervous I really read it it's
not gonna get pieces of random like
individual I can't break the whole thing
my arm
Hayley could she choose a chicken french
bread your friend e-rater look good now
does it look good no I'm good
why not you see it you should cut it to
look gross there's a brain you see out
here I can't see hey flip camera that
doesn't exist put a screen on the front
of your cameras there's a little red
dude if I could invent my own flip
camera or not just even my own vlogging
camera call it the shade Karl vlogging
camera trust me I can make the sweetest
vlogging camera known to vloggers
companies out there any camera companies
if you have any in on making your own
line of cameras contact me I got some
ideas and we can make a shaycarl
vlogging camera I'm serious
revolutionize the industry I promise you
call me Sony Kodak flip
I guess you going out of business I
don't know let's go ahead Cisco call me
call Shay Carl I'm ready tell them all
those people tell me okay bye three two
one roll
here we are in Shankar's kitchen welcome
back ladies and gentlemen thanks for
coming along for our meat trade section
today come on over here I'll show you
what we're doing here we have a serpent
of hams and sausages this is pepperoni
specifically I bought these two bamboo
cutting board today at the Albertson's
because I'm gonna make a nice little
spread here I have some jams this is a
let's open this up this is a real this
is an organic honey custard jam it's an
orange marmalade there we're gonna throw
right there
and then this is uh this is an ice cream
duo well garlic orange marmalade you
trust me trust me it's gonna go long by
me uh-huh orange marmalade on your meat
with this garlic free dipping sauce for
crackers and then and then if you want
to switch it up where's my blue cheese
hey you still like blue cheese yeah
that's okay okay so then I think I'll
leave it here in there so look here we
go and I have more crackers here so
these are thinly sliced bagels crackers
on a little bamboo tray and then this is
the the meat tray you can get yourself a
little one of these Center I would like
me to make you one of these right now
let's just do a demonstration shall we
cracker little slice of me you can
double it up if you want it's you know
it's a fourth of July let's be liberal
we live in America we have a lot of
stuff all right
no cook but this uh I'm not having any
of these mind you I will be eating from
this section today this is the only
section I can eat from and this this
court is delicious and we're not even
cooking it's totally raw and it's super
sweet okay Sun chart where's my knife
you're all good night
this really is turning into a cooking
show okay so a little bit a little bit
of this part orange marmalade right
there good this is and then let's
Tristram this to be the sauce dude be
honest with me hey
garlic bread dipping sauce orange
marmalade pepperoni smoked ham and a
little cracker put that put that down
the old bullet oh joy one could only
throw water
I just let me go with the rest of the
we're going oh girl we want to go over
rogue what do you think then is it good
is it a nice array I know you just yeah
I didn't even eat in the marmalade part
yet
see now tell me now tell me how it
tastes oh he's trying that girl cattle
up try it will you be bad enough to try
are you opening up why it's not
breakfast time I'm not here to have jam
it's a fun-filled Nick jellies darling
in sweetness
Casey uh-oh what's up am I'm gonna make
you a sweet little snack a little
snooker snack right before dinner this
is what this is this is a sneak snack
tray it's like she's like do something
impatient at the grocer's I put I did I
told him I said I'm gonna put any more
any batter trace it was over I'm gonna
I'm gonna double stack you I'm not throw
a little of blue cheese on top of there
dude you better much that real quick
before that the patriotism goes out of
it
what kind of patriotism you're gonna
freakin love that it's gonna be a it's a
good Oh hallelujah
salute America damn so on your next
fourth of July season watch go ahead and
whip up a little meat bread cheese
cracker tray right and uh oh we have
another contestant here on cracker AMA
with shit you'll get your cracker in a
minute oh my good son
I just want to be heard dad all right
I'm making you one okay join us next
time see you later Qasim thanks for
filming for us we are having only
vegetarian options today unless you want
an alternative option then there is also
this there are eight cows on the in
strays hey see you got some steaks my
man good ones huh if a guy knows how to
pick a steak it's okay see levere I'll
tell you right now wouldn't you agree to
that
I just I just
a lot of meat I need your salt she means
yourself alright here we go
Oh in the corn Oh sometime did it get
yellow er are you kind of right I
stopped mushrooms are you trying to do
to me please no that's temptation oh
this looks like a delicious option are
these banana peppers I'll have one of
them just a little bit of that just a
smidgen right that's okay right it's a
fourth of July can I search I let all
back ok
hey you eating the carrot shake take
this chick down put it on here put it on
your face ok are you in the princess
treehouse I think somebody has already
marked their territory there dude
Oh someone is gonna be dude I'm
surprised booby traps haven't come out
and shot you in the ears or you know
you're gonna jump off of that you sure
you that's a long drop do what are you
spraying your ankle hey Casey has he
done this already
no my filming Oh what's up broke a hurry
do it go go go this camera's not on all
your stupid
oh dude are you gonna get hurt all right
let's see it I'll catch ya he is pretty
tough go this is right before Sontag
broke his leg the day before the fourth
of July he called bone to the hospital
or pizza why are you gonna do this don't
do it don't break your leg ok you do it
or do it or don't do it you got three
seconds I don't know about this are you
gonna do it okay let's see it jump dude
one two three go that sounded that was a
big drop that heard you're tougher you
just try to act tough let's see you
dance I want to see you dance on a C
move all your joints oh right so they're
always fine like that is that it's fine
oh yeah do it Oh Mia water let me get in
there make the thumbnail extra okay yeah
get some more people in there okay this
is me the thumbnail
the fireball okay ready don't give a Sun
guard watch out son darkness yeah we
have excluded a little bit more chasm I
can't see you scoot in it'll go okay way
okay okay ready one two three go
oh my gosh we waited too long that's why
tada
and then we'll fix it in after-effects I
don't like those stunts you guys you
shouldn't be doing that
um it's cuz we waited too long we talked
about it it was a backdrop lighten up
your best did your best we'll do it
again
the time before Casey burped every hair
on his arm off let's see your harm can
you can you see it
casts and smells aren't was the smell
like is that Isabelle's like this on
fire oh no what do we got here do we
have a cheerleading position oh geez
you guys I'm practicing that great
cheerleading Center why don't you get in
there you should like be the base of
their pyramid or something yeah go
behind her and hold her up yeah that's
good Oh princess stars you're such a
cheer captain she shuts a cheer captain
put your other foot up now you need to
put gauge on top of baby tard stat gage
on top of baby turn he goes running no
all right now put him down yeah I don't
want to pay for Casey's kid stitches hmm
all right there are like a little bit
tiny bit what are you doing why taking
them up how they been forever yeah oh
wow do we need more coals yeah crap
plenty more coals for the state have any
yeah is that all of them Casey they
smell delicious even though I'm not
having any good news Sam Rock roadies
Bell that's a hot tub further destroying
your back you guys doing you're gonna
put this down in there is out the plan
because they're such a cute couple I
mean I mean the comb-overs alone look at
how much hair is swept over your guys's
eyes
that's like the hair that slept over you
guys's eyes is more hair than I have in
my entire head and that's a lot of hair
I give a cheese beard I feel like you
guys have like eight inch foreheads but
there's so much hair you have so much
hair I do let's see
oh it's shining oh do not cut off your
fingers
children go raise it are you digging it
are you digging the hole all right is
that good that's good oh yeah this is
Derek's invention
Derek brought over this little fire tray
so that we can have a fire tonight and
Sam macaroni when Anna's Boy Scout
uniform a fired up from troop 117 shout
out to troop 117 this is Joyce's the
troop dance the soft Oh troop dance from
troop 117 Scoutmaster Sam macaroni the
fire fire I don't like the fire wide us
build the fire I'm really nervous I
don't think I don't think I should have
done this I'm spitting up you guys in
the fire okay fireman may not work no I
think it's gonna work dude yeah we've
tried it we tried this on mate are they
not waiting yet this vault the fire hall
is not lighting the fire love yes that's
the answer to all of our problems let's
get some gas
oh-oh it's calling you I do he's guy
he's huffing sycophant
Oh Oh your daddy's oh he's crazy monkeys
jumping is here what eating in jail
police tell us all about everything
great barbecue
oh wow it was a team effort no Sun right
yeah let's make out we're just beginning
Wow I think he likes it free macho
it's the Danny diamond baby factory
you oh this is the greatest dog in the
world we do great things in the world
you look at your beautiful beach he's
bigger than I am well I'm not scared of
cuz he's so gentle he's okay get him how
do you love serious rocket on my left I
wanna wake up your color around one quit
Alex feel your I like your head and I
like your ears they're huge
are you walking the car yeah
take it ladies big dog big dog cha cha
cha cha
it's a big gotcha hotcha
haha like everybody said every wish must
be heard an answer would be stopped
stop
sorry buddy
