it's just nice the jockey box oh my gosh
we have a hundred hours of jockey box
footage there's never enough jockey box
footage idiots call it the glove didn't
compartment I bet I call it the jockey
box you don't call it the jockey box who
has different names for these little
that's what's that called
what's that called centered it's the
jockey box some people I mosey by now
called the glove department the glove
Department the glove compartment lets me
keep your gloves in the glove
compartment oh if I have some gloves I
would need a compartment to keep them in
I called the jockey box and I don't know
why I call it that I don't know where
that came from maybe that's where like
you put the jockey gear after you get
done racing on the thoroughbred you put
all your jockey into your box you're
Chuck I don't know so it is fourth of
July weekend it is Saturday the weather
is beautiful the traffic is heavy as
usual and we are headed to Los Angeles
International Airport right now lax to
pick up my little bro my little baby bro
yes I've tried I'm older I was kissing
30 yet no he's gonna turn 30 July 27
he's 29 right now and I'm 31 so we're
going to pick up Casey Caylee Raley
wildflower and Ninja Turtle well this
isn't it anyways
Louis is amazing over memory Ninja
Turtle
the samurai Ranger yeah that's the red
power
oh is it okay I don't know if you're
right well we're gonna go pick them up
right now and we're excited we got a fun
four or five days planned for them here
in Los Angeles we're gonna try to show
them as much stuff as we can
what whoa maybe we should try to go
there King Kong Universal Studios that
might be fun yeah it's fate you thought
those people were real no they were
really hanging from that side oh good
job advertisers you did it you got my
son to look at your billboard all right
let's go eat AC who remembers what we
are doing here last time we came to the
airport who remembers leaving the
comments below
who are we coming to pick up last time
we were right here right in this very
same spot who remembers little shade
charts trivia
who doesn't like little shade charts
trivia I know I do
all right word flocking here there's
nowhere that some youtubers aren't
supposed to be here to pick us up we're
here oh no like some real youtubers like
fake ones we're in LA aren't they big
like all right yeah he's gonna go to
trouble he just touched welcome to LA
Casey just ten shy ladies
he just likes arms I could touch that
bus so you guys don't delay he looks out
of my water you do please send him out
nice to drive Hummers I don't remember
if you drive a Hummer you don't remember
that I remember aren't you a joke please
I love Joe pulizzi
and he yeah oh I bet this is true with
this kid
haha I'll go check it out I can't
remember what he said I've seen that
video but Joe actually said that he got
some people come and watch that video
because you cuz I yeah yep Casey love
beers that much Paul on YouTube now it's
crazy I can be like jump off a bridge I
bet a lot of people would indeed I
friggin do it yeah do is you grow a
beard if I go on call them on that one I
give him a hard time every day if your
beard was a transformer okay I got a
look at the GPS goodbye you guys I can't
I can't do two devices at once alright
what do you think this is very first
entrance upon Mikasa it's bigger then is
some the videos I know I've said that
before my life it's bigger than a look
is it you think so Kaylee take a lead on
you think so do you like it look how
open it is
you do come look at my room okay I'll be
up in my room
yeah the cousins are here cager how'd
you like the airplane was it fun
are you excited to play my fine picture
of you you guys out fine you guys stay
in the top half of the house
this is Malachi's yard out here are you
excited to see your cousins
I've got you looking beautiful today
what did you do did you the beautiful
button again yeah what would you do
that's cute except so much what we
exploded that castle the other day to
see that the vlog I think thanks jerk
won't you not watch the videos last
night you're bad how does that work I
have a cha re lame my youtube channel
Joe macaroni though he is sad that man
he's sweet though yeah dude we're gonna
make the sweetest video yeah yeah oh
yeah we talked about you that boys know
that you left on this phone was like
yeah no he's like what are your goons
called me left me a voicemail because
Casey loves the Eagles and Ed
Bassmasters from Philadelphia and so
what he does he loves his videos anyways
yeah he was here he asked about you is
he still there no I think they just went
back to Philadelphia they came here to
go on the side of iCarly
oh yeah yeah he said he can we're gonna
go down there we'll make a trip out of
it go come down to Philadelphia huh
anybody in Philly this is Sun Times room
you check out this swag like little
she's body's got her
look yeah he he did look at Lee all this
just at some of quick Oh what maybe pull
up me dude I don't think I've ever seen
you run so fast in my life
he was he was out in the front yard like
20 seconds girls your room yeah okay
here it's all right look at his little
shelf stacks all this trophy without
France ooh and laser come to pick you up
oh my ladies
any minute now door opens whoa whoa
what's going on here
this must be princess tarts room yeah is
this princess Aramis lesbian girls you
must be playing a joke on you prank on
haha yeah she got you right bro dude I
can't it's cool they're just gonna move
in we're gonna kidnap them I told them
that we already sold their house in Utah
they're just moving already I sold all
their belongings as long as you stay a
deposit into your debit card account
what do think about that shower do have
four days to teach my kids have you
organized okay how bad is this see here
take a leak and look outside and be like
yeah well though for more of this comedy
go ahead subscribe to kc levere on
youtube please wipe your feet on the dog
before you come in this is where he just
chills doesn't matters like 400 people
here he just lays there and everybody
just has to walk around him right in the
middle of the doorway but that's his
real estate nobody even argues with them
about that's yours dog you just chill
we've been building this room for you
guys the kids have been really excited
this is your it's a Bunga little suite
there's a there's a breakfast between
9:00 and 11:00 what do you think you're
moving in or something yeah fun meters
moving in our house what do you change
your shaycarl or something yeah is this
your bag hey what is this pink bag alert
oh right checking in party for for the
KC levere residence up top bellboy get
up there quickly on top it's a three
floors into your right
you have to wait for the gate to open
it's a toll of 75 eighth alright you
guys get out of the way KZ is trying to
take up the luggage trip it but just
have a seat have a seat
come see oh snap
all right they're moving in welcome you
want to tell everybody you know just so
that you know I know we're gonna see in
the comments what happened to Caylee oh
come on we should have thought of
something cooler first a pogo stick
accident water you were what you were
waterboarding oh so you weren't you're
torturing people the POWs okay okay all
right okay clear that up
mommy's hard it does not participate in
waterboarding everywhere and there goes
the baby anyways so there was a large
golf ball-sized thing on your wrist they
took it out and left or that for you
right when you guys got here my editor
left me so I can hang out with you guys
as much because I have to be editing
these videos
Brett you're in trouble Brett he's
shortbread I was gonna let you in at my
videos not no more who's banished a
coral fan long enough to remember when
this was our family car does anybody
remember this he picked that Mears away
sorry
an infiniti QX 4 that was uh me and
mommy turns first like big family cars
we got together and we have that weekly
very very first started making YouTube
videos sue remembers more Shh our trivia
Jimmy will get a jingle or something hey
you guys we just realize that we're in
the perfect trifecta of fathering I am
here KC's here rock cards there and gage
is right there so ready let's go okay
father father our children go hey I'm
gonna give you
you know kick you it's the trifecta of
bothering good tune miss Utah miss Utah
you're about to experience Los Angeles
Santa Monica style specifically 3rd
Street Promenade style we're going into
the belly of the beast here in
California you're gonna really Oh light
on your must be recording faking it just
practice taking it back this is a
rehearsal
anyway I'll turn it off I love you guys
film out the window and say something to
people and get shot yep see ya do you
get shot in California you could say
closings are a really small Asian to
yell at your goal as we go by here is to
get something to run over any of you
five hang your arm out in the truck and
see if somebody will give you five okay
okay there we go I'm scared
hey come here and give me five hurry
come on hurry catch me in a slow down
I'm gonna do it I win I win own la Shay
who this is Shay Carl who's that
they had to say case you live here do
vocals oh yeah
hit the start now you do that okay can
you do that research
Casey's getting a trackhoe
for his business scummy Travis's new
track hose loan in the internet world
and he's just teaching us hear about all
the trackpad options what's your
favorite track that option like move
everything out yeah for Pitt yeah I like
what I can just like then I wait what
was I doing tonight move like everything
out of the way that's a good little tool
remember that tip and trick stored what
is this one a 15 inch across it has like
400 horsepower to discrete nice and tidy
in the little white box for you Wow it's
like I'm proposing I'm proposing to you
where's your suit dude need your
briefcase me bar that plum trees of the
look at all these personas hey wild
reopening lots of personas lots of
personas with personalities anyone
different dip it snow flake really
snowflakes are all that bright look at
these two these two are alike though
they're the only two snowflakes that are
just alike one just one has a hat
exactly are you sitting on your brother
no don't sit on your brother oh hey ruff
parties good boy damn fun gay drew or
think about old California hold your hat
out there maybe you'll get something
just give a hundred just a hundred
you're saying you're happy sing your
heart out girl
KC you approve of this action of punch
them in the face we're tired of waiting
we got all the kids singing one no no
they're trying to attract money oh and
they get money they're gonna give it to
him yeah that's what they're trying to
do she goes goes dad can I try to get
money for this guy I said yeah I think
she put her hat out no stake here look
what you did
oh he's that crazy monkey where have you
been we have been waiting forever
vlog what did you get oh my god get
marked up what did you get how they know
it's your birthday beautiful you are
beautiful my support card oh nice all
right we're ready let's go eat
time to eat everybody's starving to
death there you go
it's not free
subscribe to Casey living on YouTube hey
guys on how's this traffic right I've
been places I bet I've been at YouTube
yeah yeah yeah that's us
I ain't f working with youth here
Shaytards woo I'm just staring at him
like intently like something's like how
many points can just go ahead and add up
how many places just yeah eight cops
walk across the road that's like six
hundred points isn't it Rock turn oh
what's going on
so pretty Casey lit the Chinese a
handcuffs on fire and with his finger in
it with his finger in it and he couldn't
run it out of it
and then I turn the light in we got
serious there for a minute yeah you got
that serious look like a long time let's
see let's see the face he did get in the
help yeah I was in charge of filming he
almost burned the entire restaurant down
but I guess uncle Casey my husband's
brother's to return it I'm still glad
there for four days
yeah he burned the Chinese uh anyways
here we are at dinner sir a certain
place is where we come light him on fire
that's what Casey did
