pretty pretty pretty pretty darn
precious what it is Katie letting
shaycarl got the cutest kids and maybe
up on YouTube making all events and if
you don't know I'm gonna tell you like
this like this like son's heart got all
the girls on them got him wondering how
do you get so handsome okay and baby
turn she got that baby girl swag she can
get a little crazy just like her dad
what a rock part I see you starting to
walk hit that stanky leg then he hit the
driver prison start when you whack
girlfriends back handspring it's a
perfect ten huh yeah you know they PDF
AP two years done and he's on two three
we're ready for a video so let it be
clear hey alright we're on day two of
this epic shoot with our castle the stew
just wrote into the castle so Sam is
actually rigging a charge jar this is an
actual explosion it gonna happen here
and our sniper man is gonna be blown out
of the tower put a good bro no Naruto I
don't know I don't give a crap about any
of this stuff
I just want my yard back what do you
guys it's gonna be thinners oh look what
you what are you settin up first no your
brothers would you have flood is out of
burrito okay see you later nice truck
you go through so what do you think does
up to ya come on there's a little wire
okay so you just have to hit that and I
go okay hold on remember as soon as it
blows you have to run in there and you
have to jump high okay boat way okay I
want to get this give us a countdown
excited he's been waiting for this all
day we're getting the camera so it's
just right
you're so exciting appear pants
that's pretty excited I'm a little bit
closer can we get down here like this
are they're doing both making me so
nervous
they're trying to get both cameras going
so they can get both angles and then so
the way that we do it is we it's the way
that you make this work as you do two
images oh look there's my card you can
you I guess there she's up that make
this is perfect
yeah that'll look cool though yeah it's
gonna be one smells like the fourth of
July now make a big blow that freakin
entire top of the thing yeah let's make
it let's make it epic let's do this you
just smashed the engine and then you get
all the powder yeah these are for the
model rockets yeah you get this model
rocket stuff and then you gotta put a
lot more in than when you did last time
yeah
double triple yeah dump it all oh yeah
it's like five times
we're doing this for you guys did you
need to go be real good you're gonna
wait okay get out of the way watch out
of the way watch out of the way all
right here we go here's the next one
this is the big one the cameras are
rolling he's checking all right here we
go you ready guys yeah
call us off three two one okay hurry get
in there running they're fast fast fast
fast get that mattress in hold on get
the mattress in and grab that other one
too
okay jump straight back Center Oh do
another one do another one
look at the castle and jump I see there
see there aftereffects fire first yeah
it's your slate - they need a slate for
that watch out watch out now get out the
way get out the way get all the way 20
other way because now they have to get a
full shot of nothing in it and I run
back dude just kind of fall back and
don't hurt yourself
stumble back yeah just like you don't
have to go to the crack right now okay
so I'm gonna catch you off you're gonna
go from ten nine eight seven six five
please can early drink Oh sundered yeah
fall down and then your psyche pretend
like and for like 10 seconds act like
the explosion really just happened ready
all around roll around oh you're hurt
you could be on fire lay down there just
lay down
thanks for the cut hey Prince turn
should we cut on that good alright
thanks for though she called cut so I
guess we're done it's good fit happy
dance
sorry for the interruption really quick
you guys wanted to see Shay swinging
peeled by their ankles which we just
shot for transitions but you wanted to
see the full footage which I still do
have so here we go and everything like
oh oh you just tastes like a cherry pie
you should do you ready
oh boo boo take it downtown Jethro your
mom is gonna be so mad you guys messes
oh that was a turn-off I gotta put that
shine look she's only getting stronger
she's feeding off of it in the town
square
all right all right
okay that's somebody's gonna have to get
beat for real you shut your mouth dad
isn't here I mean not here emotionally
sometimes do you want to play zombie yes
who remembers yesterday when we pan over
to castle and maybe turn and they're
just like what are you guys doing
playing zombie what yeah we'll play
zombies you want to play zombie how do
you play zombie punch your face and
Brett continue the work on the final
she's tagging her in the eyeball every
time
