this is
he's the guy with the beard
any other phone me
he's done for two years
oh wow you guys are so cool dude don't
let away what are you doing trying to
drive here Hollywood in the house trying
to freakin try yo yo seriously turn of
the camera come on Beast rose so it's
out son tired what do you what are you
doing these days you got a girlfriend
you got a girlfriend you got a hot
smooch Rudy boot or bootie
no cherry Mucha Rooney is a hot fala
bikuni what hey dude
all that I don't get as a girl is a girl
and a friend as a friend whatever with
that um let's see there's a single
little thing called the pervs and the
bees will have that conversation one day
so speaking of which we're here in our
truck driving out to get some sustenance
for uh pennies and I lost six point six
pounds by the way waiting today big way
today and um hey Rach I think we're
listened to in LA 106 it's like the
signal station it's like the station
never played this type of music
oh the feel I love that song and I miss
the lady that is the disc jockey this is
a z103 disc jockey lady she said a word
yes here what word she said no you
didn't hear no she said a naughty word
and it was like whoa snap watch language
we you guys what are naughty words bad
words bad words like wonder what's an
example of a bad word I'm not I'm not a
good answer you can say it if you want
to give us an example of a bad word what
no I don't want it oh my god oh yes
that's the worst in my opinion okay so
what are said in town I would I think
this was gonna come out Wow we were just
gonna have a nice little conversation
about bad words and then you two get it
do they well you don't say the bad words
that was yeah to me okay well this is a
whole jeepers this just got serious in
our religion we believe that taking the
Lord's name in vain is bad so that's why
we don't like to say that because it's
like you're using it's like you're using
heavily father's name as a bad word it's
like it's like you're like hurting
yourself and you're like cussing hands
like I wouldn't use your name if I was
pissed well um actually God ruins like
anyways yeah it's like we feel like it
kind of could hurt us feel like I
disrespected words are just words are
your words we use to communicate but
sometimes there's feelings attached to
those words isn't that funny that a
sound like what if I said this whenever
I came outside this necks out boop boop
it means something really really bad so
don't ever go in yeah so the duck don't
I can't believe you just said that front
of our kids oh sorry
Oh mommy torch she's just sweet hop it
totally just slip I'm sorry I can't
believe all this sometimes I slip and I
guess I apologize I can't believe you're
doing that right now I hate all this out
Louisiana
yeah not about word but I'm just making
a joke that some tard oh you guys I am
NOT this is everyone what do you think
rock card he's like try just shut up for
two seconds
what's going on so the point is you guys
it's just the words are words and
they're just these funny little sounds
that we've kind of like attached meaning
to but sometimes that meaning mean
something serious they're not learned in
here like this is just very context is
for like the adults that are still
watching that are like oh I think he's
trying to like teach a lesson they're
like he's like trying to do good by his
children I can't tell but I guess it
seems like and mr. Hollywood here is
polishing his sunglasses sure dad
whatever you say by this time next year
I'll be running things the whole reason
I totally forgot about this this is
always happens to me when I'm vlogging I
started talking about white get an idea
of what I want to say about something
then I'll start talking and then I'll
forget about everything when I was
needing to start with anyways the reason
we started with that whole like swear
word conversation is because the K the K
bear lady or what is it k-rock anyway
she said VA sta Rd and I was like whoa
easy on the ears there's children
listening and mommy card has a story
what she's gonna tell now well when I
was a kid I remember saying that in
front of my parents just like pretending
and I was like you dirty and I said it I
like to my sister or something and my
parents were like oh what did you say
that's like cuz I've heard it on movies
or something oh yeah I'm just like I
want to hear he's really said I could
just imagine you as a little girl saying
you dirty yeah I know what it was like
know what it is you say hip to the trend
you know we're talking about yeah
sister-sister alright so basically the
moral of the story is that Mommy tart
has a bad mouth
well yes is a lot sometimes you hear
words you don't know what they mean but
you say them anyway
God that was do not put that part in
bread that was really stupid I want that
cut it out heads it stays in tails it
goes out oh that's the heads it really
likes stupid they're the random heads
does his job his life's on the line
daddy can judge whether it's funny not
know this is funny solid all right we're
driving were happening yeah where every
stop anyways let's listen to more rock
hey so here we are we're at the edge
cheesecake back free right now and
it's pretty embarrassing did you see
what you let your daughter go out
wearing this look at this this is the
outfit you've chose watch out oh she's
want to sit down watch ah sorry she's
just showing us her ensemble her
beautiful girl she has a mind of her own
looks good dude I like it very a bold
move of you
Oh bring your dad get on my face so
annoying oh you bring that camera
everywhere in the bread again lots of
silliness going on here oh you're vegan
we could see you take it oh it is
Oh who are you looking at dude he's
laughing
what are you laughing at what do you
what do you think pretty cute
pretty cute little baby think we like
him I'm gonna keep him around
alright sweet great outside okay alright
today is a very big day at the shade
Karl household we have look who we have
here
it's an advanced master in town
hanging out with his Hollywood stars
have you seen all of his characters um
my brother loves you my brother Casey
right we got Sam macaroni here building
he brought home like 800 toys you
excited for this dude me and Sun tarde
and Sam are gonna be in this video that
we're gonna put up on the shaycarl
channel and it's gonna be epic and they
brought a ton of toys we're building the
castle got a castle constructed going on
over here baby tardy helping you're
doing a good job get all the part it's
gonna be awesome
you guys gonna have to check it out go
if you're not subscribed already Sam
Tong your channel hi it's Sam macaroni
like the pasta like the pasta go check
it out right now he's got amazing videos
I can't wait to show you guys this one
check this out I'm a don't break the
wing dude this is my choppa get to the
choppa I excite and print the Stars
opening all the presents is that the
slide for the castle be excited oh man
it's gonna be
think about all these toys I'm loving it
are you playing okay I bet you are don't
blow up you can hear we're gonna be
blowing up a lot of things yeah
unfortunately a lot of pyrotechnics back
here we got her we got our fire permit
right are you done
building that castle around my daughter
yet you should have been done with this
ten minutes ago the armies are coming
don't want to disappoint me princess she
needs her castle built immediately what
he's doing dude you can't be built
inside of the castle is our gonna sleep
she's always wanted her own castle
alright get out he has to put the roof
on you're gonna be stuck in there oh
look you got the flag look at you baby
tard good job I'm impressed man okay you
guys so check it out I built oh my
freaking ankle my ankle still hurts if I
step on it just the wrong way it kills
oh I'm cool I'm cool it's like the tower
see the flag and then here's our sniper
rifle we have a sniper up on the tower
taking out this army dinars his army
down here you are a large bearded child
alright so here's my sniper tower I got
my sniper oh he's hit he's gonna shoot
Zima crowing oh that's a nice sweet this
video that we're making right now is for
every kid in their entire life who's
ever went like this have you ever done
that you ever they made that noise
in your mouth this boot this videos for
you this video isn't be for you we're
building our Army's Sam's of getting a
force put together here what's your
sausage vendor there you want to show us
where the sausage of eating so these are
sausages at this guy's selling them you
can get two for one or there's a
Wednesday special for 20% off and you
get a pretzel with it for $0.50 extra
you can have some hand grenade a hand
grenade with your Zasa these guys have
been in charge of building this whole
site what are you guys show me your
stuff you guys already have camouflaged
look at that you guys have rocks and
grass yeah here's a get your f-16
there's a gun just randomly in the grass
there's a bulldozer a tank all kinds of
stuff
cool man guess what he put this truth
where do you put some in the tree
oh snap these are gonna come to haunt us
later or the girls are gonna end up
getting those and using them as Barbie
curling irons that's probably what's
gonna I know so stupid Oh girls are lame
Hey no girls allowed on this video shoot
have you ever win come look at my sniper
are gonna be prettier be proud of me
you should go get a print it princess to
put in theirs to make out with me while
I'm skyping people knife go snipe oh
nice good one Sam macaroni yeah you
didn't really give us an option if we
wanted to hear it or not
but I guess we did you ever fun it's fun
playing with toys and making videos huh
yeah check it out there's guys are
getting high-tech on us so I got a track
on a dolly nice and it's looking good
somebody's gotta be Spielberg on YouTube
that's you
Sam macaroni somebody spill burg gotta
do it please Leonard he's back there
just playing hey I don't care I'll just
play with the cat song hey you guys you
guys you guys what are you doing what
are you doing man honey um this was in
this shot we couldn't see is that are
you cool
I hope our landlord doesn't watch
I actually was I was I wanted to cut all
these so like you can walk under it but
that was great you want to take this one
down too I think that once under I get
that one can you get it you need to Sam
macaroni style get in there to show how
to hunt cheese I hear all right okay try
like that in Oh what do you eat you my
sauce
all right you ready okay come on side
Dart
okay I take this shot we had to move see
what they're doing what was the reason
we're moving is because they're gonna
track across there on the camera okay so
those branches are hanging too low to
see so now we got a clean shot all right
dude come on come on all right the
moment I don't know I think you wanted
it more I think he wanted it for now
we're just hard at work here you do what
he do now
thank you so cent artist throwing two
things at Sam he almost gave him
stitches right here he tagged him right
in the eye
and then where do you just do to your
finger and then right here just tagged
in the fire what kind of chilled I'm
just trying to have a nice game of war I
know I mean what do you do they're
killing my actors I'm sorry Sam macaroni
sorry my kid beat you up
you guys better go subscribe to him he
he might have to have stitches I am
serious he could have to have stitches
he got hit right here I'm like sorry
that's
that's exactly how he does it is exactly
how he Walker she came come on let's see
the like stuffing turkey well his death
and stop short just he's like Oh move
cork goes right over the edge of it ed
Bassmaster in California what's up bro
sup guys you guys were just on the set
of icarly iCarly
oh so good tan CH and how they do you
know she hanging up my buddy Nathan
Chris
but hey Nathan please let me say that
I'm cool too anyway he did it buddy
saying some things but they were all
good hey good oh good I was there he's
doing the best he can in life you know
yeah being a superstar I look at him
he's gonna destroy another light dude
yeah he's got the stance though he was
when he came in this top of the deep
voice he's like it's healing as much
always poking out to me when he walks
he's like this he's almost like it like
he's playing so arms or he's like are we
thinking I don't walk like this you guys
come here
composite now he knows we're talking
about oh what an unhappy baby Oh get him
away oh snap someone's losing their
dinner dude rocked are you know what
that means you are officially on the
bottom of the food chain
Oh embarrassing
how embarrassing or dominated you who I
got me that baby i dominated the barrier
all your baby
a traumatic Rodya cheese what you're
gonna do I'm look at my chopped baby I
don't care Oman George none auto girl
where's the water Oh some more back and
see that is Harris that is hilarious
dude listen it's it's every man for
himself
yes yes he'll defend for himself and I
get you're not having any that's why I
that's why I'm fat because I'm the
strongest so that's how I get all the
food second cookies mouth that isn't
like those he's like oh yeah I'll trade
that good trade everyone's happy in the
end
except for diabetes hoorah
pizza's here oh yeah we're making bad
healthy decision
who doesn't oh this guy wants to shoot
every one of these children right oh hey
I'm so excited to be exact
yeah oh baby like what is that oh man we
got we got tons of pizza we got dogs you
got Lisa's good Courtney's fever yes
dizzy better than beads on high oh yeah
that hairdo flying are the face
- raka lo lon wrote it on his motorcycle
what up everybody
oh okay what's going on
nobody I'm just doing something knowing
though Pizza cameo second because any oh
now this is behind the scenes of behind
the scenes of after the video went live
on youtube.com slash Courtney pain
applause everybody kids daddy's acting
this is just acting
this is the director right here
good one Denise Denise just made prints
to start crying she's scared that you're
a bad person
are you scared she goes is this real max
is fragile scared I guess you did your
job way to scare puppies and children
you're on your road to success get
puppies and children to hate you and
you'll make it big in this round
nice job let's check it out Lincoln
mommy oh man spear so you know what I
realize tonight is mommy tards 29th
birthday everybody give a round of
applause that woman in my life my best
friend the best lady I have ever met the
most beautiful woman in the world my
life um but you know it's funny I
realized that you're 29 that's exactly
how old I was when we started the daily
vlogs I said oh I'm 29 I'm turning 30 I
don't want this like the last last year
of my 20s so I challenge you to do it my
answer to you is I will not change any
diapers for the past almost three years
I guess you have oh yes it's like the
spin-off mommy TARDIS that's anything
epic just what I've been doing always
just keep making me keep making our
lives what they are today all right have
another piece of me any Pisa
Oh
