would you hear that sound like a
motorcycle farted oh hey guys
alright so good news oh my goodness
gracious news flash can you guys believe
the news have you heard the news lately
today is Shay day on youtube.com slash a
is everywhere on the Internet today I
literally had to put a list together and
this is a bonus clip this is almost
ridiculous that we had to do this
scheduling has been crazy
we got like 18 things scheduled for
today on the Internet okay so let's get
to him first
alright number one the other day I
filmed a video with my buddy Denise
vlogs presents it's like horror stuff
it's like scary like Alfred Hitchcock
hey jock itch Hitchcock what if you know
the guy that's Garry dude um you know
his name no okay um so I film that at
Joe mystery guitar man house and it's a
scary thriller it's like I to take on a
role of seriousness
Denise kept yelling at me she's like
you're being too much like Shay so it's
like a real like acting thing for me so
if it sucks that means I'm a badass so
go check that out i bash in i'm going to
tell you there's some physical comedy
now it's like a comedy it's like scary
stuff like I'm like freaking out go
watch it I will put it right here okay I
am I'm gonna do like a DeStorm thing by
in that videos right here number two
Courtney pants you want to tell him
about the video you're in today that we
filmed tell him about the video that we
filmed today we put it on a song
you were gonna sing Justin Bieber dinner
dance
this is the man that she picked for her
song pick today in Courtney pantses it's
a music show and it's called it they
just changed the name it's called peanut
butter and jam so be sure to go check it
out we did some stunts we even did some
planking remember we put in planking
today on the stools for her show what
did we do tell him we like laid flat it
was silly weird we know the plane team's
done and then we did a cheerleading
stunts wasn't that cool that was sweet
so go check that out that's on Cortney
pantses channel links all these links
are gonna be below so it's me and
Princess tart and Cortney doing a music
show all right number three shayloss if
you didn't hear I lost a percentage of
weight this week I'm not gonna tell you
does it get me in this fog no this is
yours you have to go check it out on my
shayloss channel we are having this
major weight loss competition where we
have $500 on the line every week that
one of us can win and we have like 12
people in this thing now it's like Brett
and Ron and Vinny and also now Joe Feliz
and will Avicii and sexy Philip DeFranco
and Kevin Brooke was here who ain't
forgettin Brett the intern and we have
sent everybody all the links of
everything below it's just it's intense
and by the time we're done with this
weight-loss contest we wanna have like a
hundred people we're weighing in here
every Tuesday on shayla's so you're not
gonna see those on Shaytards anymore if
you guys want to watch the Shayla stuff
you got it'll subscribe to Shay loss and
we're doing weekly weigh-ins every
Tuesday Tuesday all right and last but
not least your green can you tag your
dream seeing the song we sing that song
all the time huh jet car travel me we're
safe
tone tag you're green shake why'd you go
today check it out all them green
technologies come on sing a better than
that yes the fourth installment of my
shaycarl GE ecomagination tiger green
road trip is up so it's my fourth
edition of the tag your green
ecomagination road trip it's really
awesome I wear a giant you gotta go
check us out this light bulb suit these
people made me a suit that is completely
of lightbulbs and you could like plug it
in and I have
it was like umpteen thousand watts or
something I'm just like this big light
man soon so go check that out late
really put them all here we're gonna put
them all at the end so looking straight
on the Internet today the ones who spend
all day watching me
raise your hands do not not raise your
hand
all right so check out all the links
below a lot of fun stuff for you guys I
hope you having a great summer we are
because we got a sweet tree house hope
I'm gonna drop you
oh hey cut it I'm gonna really drop her
seriously cut cut cut cut that good yeah
it's just in the end sites right now so
I'm pointing out of the tree we done all
right like a dog
