good morning Vietnam
what's up everybody the new day is upon
us and we are headed down to maker
studios why are we going down to maker
studios might start what are we doing
today we're making a video what kind of
video of music video yeah for who for
your twin sister Courtney pants whose
music video are you gonna have Justin
who mmm doesn't ring a bell I guess I'm
not really familiar with that is he an
artist is he's seeing what does he do he
sings Oh does he dance is he super
dooper sometimes what he feels like it
busy super duper handsome yes super
duper handsome is he your boyfriend
who's your boyfriend when are you gonna
have a boyfriend how old are you gonna
be 60 that-a-girl
I'm proud of you hue what's your
boyfriend's name gonna be you don't know
yet what if his name is Thaddius we like
him are you gonna date somebody named
Thaddius Thaddius Nick Gregory John's
the third we marry that guy oh it is a
funny name alright so we're going to
shoot a video for Courtney her she has a
music show and I selected Metallica and
Prince start selected Justin Bieber says
I'll have to check it out I'm not sure
when it'll come out we'll uh we'll film
when we get there okay bye here we go
here we are on set we need prick to
start on set please
what do you think this is a green-screen
come here press Start come here go stand
right there in the middle go stand right
there in the middle right there in the
middle that's where you're gonna be
talking let's see you like it and look
at the camera here's the camera right
here have to let through the camp into
the camera you say haha brude's starred
you wanna do a cartwheel right there you
can do Carmo right there if you
she wants to do a roundoff she said in
the video we edit that in yeah somewhere
oh snap
yeah you do do you dare do a back
handspring on the green screen isn't
this cool dude I'll spot yeah you got me
spot yeah yeah we can do it all right
here we are so what it's like to be in
the box inside the lighting situation I
know it gets hot yeah it gets hot these
lights gets super hot they get super
bright
I like your background where did you get
all these records it's like a thrift
store so yeah record store who built
this for you the girls got some sweet
stuff let's see who we got here
marching along together the gold man
band anybody now anybody got that record
Neil Diamond Jonathan Livingston Seagull
that's a good one strap we finish the
show great job great job filming or
finish how did you have a good time you
have fun so where can we find this show
Courtney um on my channel Courtney pants
in the pant your link is gonna Courtney
pants will be in my pants the pants in
the pants it's a double pant situation
see it's great working with you
my agent will contact you later she
walks off sets you up
totally the limos here yeah where's her
Avion water she really went outside on
crab them I've lost my daughters are you
so tired from your big shoot he
exhausted was it tiring did you have fun
please couch is aren't they sweet look
how big they are this is the entryway or
the what's this room call when you walk
into an office the living room is this
the living room of maker studios this is
I love this part of it maker we got our
little Google TV here these this is a
huge TV you love what living room
doesn't so minion room all right let's
go you ready to go gonna go get a snack
I'll get some fruit sing that song again
yeah yeah yeah a tree all right sounds
good House of living water that's kind
of a cool spot this is calcium ionized
alkaline water
when it's an art bridge so that we
complete healthy water she's making a
video I got for the internet this is
where you filter it all this is like
science water house of living water you
guys come here and get some water so I
can fill this video turn the song
oh yeah
that's delicious this is ultra purified
and this is the cokes now is that full
that's good
we have the blue dots we know which one
is the calcium ionized alkaline at that
kind of water to make you like Hulk
Hogan excited how's your water is it
refreshing is it delicious
so we were just I had to go to the bank
real quick and I drove by this place and
for instance arms like dad I want some
water I'm like wet water at home should
know the water our house isn't any good
I said all right I'll stop buying buy
your water and we drove by that I just
saw it I happened upon it and so like
alright let's go and get some water so
now we got some fresh water we can put
those jugs in the fridge they'll be nice
and cold and fresh and clean
who doesn't like nice and cold and fresh
and clean that's the best for any water
nice and clean careful okay you guys
I should have mommy turd for this
conversation we're gonna I was just
telling the guys I'm here with the guys
who make a terrible father I'm not
really hot
come on so I was just telling these guys
how I was sleepwalking last night and I
got to get mommy Target to validate this
but I think that's how I sprained my
ankle I really did I sprain my ankle
while I was sleepwalking because mommy
guard said I woke up in the middle of
the night last night at 3:00 in the
morning and I started peeing in the
closet she yelled at me is Shea what are
you doing
did you actually I don't think I peed I
I have before the poppy I have before I
was about to pee I peed in the garbage
kind of a hotel room once when I was
sleepwalking I did that once when I was
little agent I peed in the kitchen trash
cans yeah I don't know yeah
and um when I had a kid alert I pee in
the toilet
loser only losers pee in the toilet you
really argue funny situations like the
crazy Mormon and the game PSA last night
where it's like we're both big guys
they're loud obnoxious when we get along
we're just like each other that's like
never know and he's a gay Jew and I'm a
conservative Mormon Council of Jewish
women I think I sprained my ankle
sleepwalking but winning at mommy tart
on camera telling the whole story
because then after I almost be in the
closet I went in the bathroom and I
started peeing in the in the club lead
me to the toilet anyways we'll go at
mommy tard to validate all this later
all right what's our next Erin we're
doing errands together we just get it
well with try to get peel box
we're give you a box and I am just here
because I need to do going deep homework
in the truck honest but I didn't want to
do it at Shay's house cuz it would mean
week me and the kids do not watch going
deep it's Kasim's show it's an
appropiate if you're over 18 have you
ever tainted
alright bye mommy turn mommy turning she
kinda looks like the girl from the
grudge like look at her like watches
very last correct like this last like
that's great job guys
what a gift give them give them
all right everybody the gift was funny
moving along okay so this is my buddy
Mickey he produces stuff for a good
neighbor and basically does everything
so he do that I love it I love I love it
what do you think like it visit your
favorite thing we show these guys ok
here's what we see
we're going to bed baby talk to her let
her ready for this
I can't there he goes here we go alright
here we are four fat dudes is our very
very first weigh-in we're all obviously
our sponsor is thanks for they sent us
these great shirt safer products for
healthier athletes go check them out we
have a little thanks Bret we got the
spots from things sport water bottles
that are chemical free no toxins it's
good for you
don't eat it it'll choke also Live
Strong sunscreen high in zinc and again
no toxins so there are descriptions
below all the website stuff and back to
chef all right so check out things for
their today's sponsor so listen we have
to go over this really quick I have the
cat
money in my pocket right now so a lot of
people in the comments are like Oh 500
bucks a week that's so wasteful you guys
should do something good for that money
so here's what we've decided to do we're
gonna break up the $500 into three
sections the winner of today's contest
is going to win like we originally said
$200 cash money right here
I know it's and it's wait it's I mean
it's a percentage right so it's not just
pounds you've lost most percent he could
lose 20 pounds and I lose 10 pounds and
we've lost the same percentage it's all
on percentage so body type doesn't
matter it's all percentage right so I
have 200 cash here and then what we're
going to do with the other 200 we're
gonna donate to a charity we're a donate
200 a charity and then there's a hundred
dollars out of the 500 that think sport
gave us today so I guess what surprise a
second place winners and get a hundred
bucks cash okay so the first place where
it's 200 a charity of whoever wins
choice gets 200 and then the second
place person gets 100 plus everybody is
involved in this you guys we're gonna
open up video responses on the sheäôs
channel I already know like two other
people that it did weigh in today a lens
a loss my buddy in Idaho is doing it
there's a couple more of a Nathanson
yeah oh yeah be Nathan said I promised
you a shirt if you what was the bet and
forgot what I did he lost 100 quicker
than you lost 50 yeah then I'll give
them a shirt a lot of money I don't know
something okay so like I said you guys
to make video responses you guys feel
free to join our home we got some more
brother buddies will Phil Joe come on
out here these are all
you're not a loser
if that's what you do to skinny kids so
these guys are all gonna weigh in will
and Phil are now in the contest they're
not eligible to win money this week but
they're gonna be in here every week and
we're gonna enter a serious man I'm
gonna talk to more damage it okay this
ready Joe we're all on this so if you
guys want to join in just join we're
gonna weigh ourselves now it's the
moment of truth here we go okay 9.0 well
it's 209 pounds what's your goal sounds
like a perfectly round number is that
sound about right to 28.6 yeah what's
your goal what do you want you down to
what in three months yeah one I did okay
three months one night one night you
heard me okay you got him down in the
spreadsheet
yeah three months 30 pounds okay son
darkness said he wants to be in on the
contest we're gonna get it oh nice okay
step on there dysentery weighing in at a
filthy 93.8 Wow okay you know this wait
by next week
no pressure though 190 3.8 is that good
what is that all right you know that I'd
like to lose about 30 pounds okay nice
okay Joe's logged into the spreadsheet
okay now now are we ready is that us for
since we all wait ourselves last week
it's time for the money
who wants to go first in a world where
fat people make themselves for money
there can only be one winner
all right you ready for the weigh-in
dude are you rooting for your dad I'm
good for dad we go last week I was what
was I bread and 51.6 to 51.6 here we go
this is the first percentage to forty
two point six six six pounds so Ron's
next he has to beat two point six two
percent to be eligible for the cash
prize okay I thought for sure che was
not going to be a competitor okay before
Ron was you said he was seventy six
point eight today is 264
yeah don't you so that's four point four
eight percent for eight percent I am now
in the second place feels good feels
good to ninety six point eight before
VIN what are you gonna do come on get on
there go with socks off she's ninety six
point eight and today he is great guys
feels great okay thanks Dawson 2.2%
Minnie you're gonna do as good as me I
was 2.6 nicely goes next week next thing
that's good did six pounds all right
Brad okay so right now Ron is in first
place with four point four eight percent
shades in the second place with two
point six two percent and then VIN is a
two point two percent now Brett the
intern was at two seventy three point
four last week this week I got my
Superman sauce up to fifty nine point
one nine percent Brett the intern win
and wrong come this second wins a Honda
guys solicit next Tuesday next weigh-in
200 bucks to him a hundred bucks to Ron
oh yeah I'm toning my charity - you're
not actually donating a charity to
anyone you're donating two hundred
dollars to a charity and that charity is
21st century kids first foundation which
provides food and healthy options for
lower-income kids in Chicago so they're
young Ron gets 100 Brett gets two and
then more cash next week so you guys
leave video responsible if you guys
doing it and to be sweet you guys
motivated will the poll you ready
incredibly high seven seven days look
how much you know is next I'm so
terrified
I'm pounds of a loss is on its tenth to
filling anybody have any last words I'm
so proud of Ben for losing six pounds
yeah I never thought would ever lose
weight he was up I thought he would
never come so I'm donating
all right so be sure to go check out
these guys channels they're doing daily
vlogs too on the Hanwha wrong and then
Vinny has his own channel and bread the
iPhone so go check them out links in the
pants you got a hundred bucks dude Wow
you should like make out herself
really
