Hey hey where's your seat where is your
car seat young man what are you doing
hey hey where's your car seat hey Rookie
of the Year
hey you yell at them you tell him you
tell him y'all your brothers and sisters
you're in charge now you're the rookie
of here why I was at the boogie board
going in the back of the truck looks
like we're going to the beach hi all
right what are you guys doing
where's his car seat ah huh where's his
car seat do you know that's are you a
baby now - all righty mommy's getting
your seat little boy your mother is in
your car so please stand by we have a
little tart let's see if rock card will
give us a face bomb rapture I'm good
hey we have a face bomb face please
please come sir please one little pet
facepalm just for the needy
Palmer's oh here we are stuck in traffic
we're headed to the beach we're gonna go
get some food centaur brought his boogie
board we're gonna watch the sunset going
to a movie and it's called sunset on the
Pacific live in 3d it's gonna be sweet
that'll be 75 dollars a ticket please
charge for mother nature that's
ridiculous
I totally dig here's your classes mommy
tar-like whose classes are less boy boy
whose shirt are you wearing this is my I
was like a 12 year old basketball shirt
that's while Jersey and centaurs were I
was number 12 knew that John stopped it
I was like my jazz Jersey well done it
says jazz okay
I was on my team
in basketball I played with a lot of
teams dude yeah I went to Franklin I was
a panther I had a blue
I played seventh grade basketball and I
wrestled all to ninth grade and I was
sitting all three years yeah my move was
the wrestler I was good
it's the all-time wrestling move it's
called the wrestler know my mood was the
cowboy I don't know why I said the
wrestling come on idiot
it was the cowboy like where you would
like you would you'd be like a sparring
with somebody and then you'd grab them
by the head and their one arm and you'd
flip them over your back and then you
would land on them on their back and
you'd have one arm and get their head
and you just sit there and cinch it up
and you're coaching aren't you back look
at your ceiling contain your jumping no
I hated wearing those things you would
wear your sweat pants to tell us right I
mean like seconds before you're supposed
to go out there and wrestle there was a
couple times where I like just wore my
sweatpants out there acting like oh I
forgot to take them off maybe they won't
care but then they're like take off
yours laughs I have something put my
baby's Joey down it just sobbing yeah
they come up with bag the better I mean
it's like this giant like bulge there's
all these awkward moments we're all like
strangled around your legs are spread in
the air sometimes doesn't want to hear
it hear this do you want a wrestle this
rustling sound fun no I want to play a
basketball again you wanna wrestle you'd
be a good wrestler dude you're strong Oh
check it out hi I think it's like their
graduation party at Venice high that's
so do you remember your senior year your
graduation party those are exciting
times if you guys are seniors this
summer this is your this is your summer
of you just graduated from high school
welcome to the real world baby welcome
to the real world you guys are free men
and women to go about forth into society
it starts to whatever you want to do
like start paying bills and stressing
about auto insurance anyways it's fun he
doesn't like it I remember that such an
exciting time there is like you know
there's more stresses as an adult but
your freedom that's what you want that's
what you crave that's what you desire
who doesn't right Braveheart tell me all
about it seriously William Wallace don't
you want the freedom we watch Braveheart
the other night definitely my top three
favorite movies of all time you like
that anti-semite woman-beater che well I
thought his character in the movie was
well played okay Bret why did you make
sense I roll his eyes like that the
video you made me do it
what no I didn't win okay do that just
keep doing that
Bret son tard wanted me to cut to his
weird face so maybe he just cut a bunch
of him doing this I liked during that
whole little conversation what's doing
gorgeous leave all this footage n of him
like he where what do you what is this
face you're making leave that all in
leave that all that video about me time
you to leave all that and everything all
this all of this all right we're waving
it in though you know telling everything
no I'm telling you right now you better
seriously wanna see Stryker and said to
clash - are you sure I thought it was
funny and I was like mom said Vilnius is
pretty funny maybe we'll put in the vlog
and she's like seriously oh she thinks
is so funny sure I'm mocking me lovingly
man mocking my comedy and what I think
is just hilarious these baby Browns
right here are you look at these baby
rounds although your baby Browns do you
Sam can you say the back open
driving with shaycarl I got both hands
on the wheel people and when I'm hanging
his baby Browns we were stopped at a
stoplight make sure you tell everyone
check this out that dudes kick in the
ground what did he do he's like kicking
me see him he's handcuffed see the cops
mounted cops no serious only all these
people do that's cool I think horses
horses on Venice Beach make total sense
cuz horses are big and they're
intimidating think about how much more
respect those cops have than cops that
are on bikes you're on a horse people
are gonna take you seriously that's true
totally that big of an animal that's
like authority the cop could not even
have a gun I feel like if he has a
freakin good enough horse horse lovers
out there loving me right now I think
that's like a cop on a horse I'm like
whoa I feel I can show my hands to my
side like $6 and that will cover all the
real estate that this truck needs to
park here for an extended period is this
a tipping situation do I tip you you bet
you've done such great service you want
to keep the $4 take them say I can
you're the best you're the best parking
lot attendant I have seen since I've
been back what is parking son what do
you feel about the prices of parking
I would his parking what is the normal
price of parking it was six and I gave
her ten oh and then sign nerd said
that's pretty cheap for parking for me
well I would you know on a weekend that
is pretty good what is it usually then
funny on the weekends is it's not 20
yeah drink like beach season sure yeah
these parts here when it's 20th before
so saving their spot you guys saving
that spot okay welcome to America what
he's pinging it's ticking oh yeah he's
enjoyed something I'm like okay never
mind it looks like
I have that spot - you guys are from the
Netherlands tell them not to beat us up
Gary call are you ready
poor Rock tard he's got is that giant
face is always in his face is it cold
Venice right here look how crowded it is
already what's that all the way out
there
hi Princess hard hey I'm tired there's
that seagull on the seashore eat over
there
excited to get out there the waves look
big man I don't know come I have to stay
shallow okay the waves look huge right
now I'm so shallow baby come spa yellow
they Rock dart when sit he's been to the
beach hasn't he goodness names your
first beach experience I think it might
be dude oh this first time walking on
the beach that's for sure yeah oh I'm
excited oh that's the big moment right
now yeah let him walk right now
hey this is a first shoeless descent
into the sands of Venice Beach one small
step for rock tard one giant leap for
the Shaytards bum bum bum footprints in
the sand those other footprints were me
rock tart following you carrying you
guys like the beach what is all this
oh you can mean he's gonna have eight
pounds of sand in his mouth by the time
we get back to the truck you're gonna be
able to make a cinder block out of the
sand that it's in his mouth
by the time we get back to the truck or
the house and it's not gonna help the
kids already kicking it in his face what
do you think about this dude
all right let's move it come on down to
the water hey mami tired
you're looking pretty today I tell you
that all righty
okay you guys ready here's the first one
of this summer here comes that is
awesome oh man I miss this thing here
comes our ride that way the waves are
pretty big out there but then they get
smaller in here here comes the wave ride
it in oh jeez oh my phone my phone my
phone came in that got me man like I
said I have totally missed this place so
bad smell all the people it's so
exciting the waves the cold water the
breeze oh it just it really is an
awesome place it's it's calm I love it I
love it I love it I love it look at the
Sun there's so much if this is how great
of a place it is there's so much smog
you can look directly into the Sun
doesn't hurt your eyes see who wouldn't
want to live in a place where there's a
smog cap so that you throw on those
seeds that you do want to look directly
in the Sun you can it's great for that
kind of stuff
they're adults all the water in salty
the waters really salty spit to them
don't go on too far dude there it is
hey what are the poor sports doing up
here there's flies oh wow they are Hey
Baby tart you gonna go out in the water
look look at that look on her face she
looks terrified are you scared to go in
the water you I'm daddy to hold you you
want to just put your feet in the water
come on Madonna take out your braids
let's go walk in the water making a
sandcastle
yes I want who do you want me to help
you walk - put your feet in the water so
you can feel how cold it is you don't
have to swim you can just fill it no
what's that
I won't I'll hold you I'll pick you up
so it doesn't hit you and root it out
here watching the surface hey dude I'll
hold you so the wave doesn't hit you
okay no I got it I got some stalkers
over here what are you guys doing uh
someone's about to meet the ocean you're
about to meet the ocean dude here it
comes
what do you think
that's the Ocean Pacific Ocean me trop
tard hi nice to meet you ain't good hey
oh here comes the ocean again better run
are these heroes from the Black Lagoon
Oh No shut the base plant in the ocean
here comes dude you better get ready oh
snap oh dang it
come on ocean you're really
disappointing me here there he goes
right that wave sunshine right it is
nice that fun-loving the boogie board
here it comes hit it hit it hit it nice
ride man
excuse me are you gonna pay for this huh
you gonna pay for this
there is now sand in the back of my
truck you know how precious this truck
is to me you know the sand you went to
the beach and you got sand in the back
of my truck look at this look at there
it's everywhere you have to get down
there and you have to sweep it out with
your eyelashes your eyelashes finally
tunic Oh what bro you're catching some
mad waves out there dude
oh sweet huh show you and all these
people you met a dude named James what
did he say it's kind of cold out there
house I lived here before when they
become far Northridge
oh sweet gonna go up there and visit him
sometime how old was he wasn't he like
12 oh your they call us the biggest he
was like a big stud muffin now dude
ready to go eat yeah let's go eat and as
he approaches let him let him do it
press the starter put him down put him
down put him down
let him turn himself dude let him do
himself already
yeah you did it yourself all by yourself
just like threw him down there like a
bag of potatoes down the slide what's
macaroni and cheese here comes so chew
on that one
yeah we're ready Matt you're the order
oh I want more macaroni and cheese
alright baby tell me you want tell me
what you have fries with carrots and
apples awesome
doesn't make mine in the ocean
