change a garland the Shaytards never one
dull moment with them baby wrote our
princess some tart mommy coumarin Carly
part two so drags all shake shake shake
you're surprised
you might even shed a tear
cuz hey he's me after shots
there is our new patio couch it looks
like a brand new couch would you pay
like 85 bucks hundred wait a minute how
much 88 was 85 alright Kagan in dirt not
you're ruining this for me
come on I can't justify 100 alright
anyways so she got a brand new couch
I mean it is like a brand-new couch yeah
exactly more than a hundred dollars so
these pillows look great now they got
these little like red velvet leaves you
fixed it you're such a helper they're
reversible and they're really soft
they're like down feathers they have a
lot of feathers down cut where they come
down pillows have a lot of feathers in
them
hurry have you not had your facepalm for
today that's a hungry baby
better not facepalm a hungry baby you'll
regret it your life could end moments
why do you think he's laughing hey rock
card gimme kiss gimme kiss kisses give
daddy kisses
get he kisses here tell him I want him I
want a moment where he kisses me on
you're trading all the glory oh here
record me I McKenzie's get daddy kisses
guy kisses kisses you gotta get to zone
oh boy I fell of a slot here give
increases kisses oh you kids are in a
second Rock turn you thank you oh bugger
kisses I love them more my favorite I'm
gonna punch you square the back then are
you ready one she's like I don't know
yeah no okay the first inaugural couch
so relax on her new couch hey now it's
like before a little that's such a
crappy couch I don't want to kiss to sit
on it now it's so nice get off the gas
yes couch guys cost 85 $200
I'll check the receipts later chicken oh
yo start new couch what you think this
is nice it's a nice evening we got to
get a barbecue grill get mommy charred
grilling some burgers out there
wait whoa no way strike that reverse it
all right I got things to do let's go we
are stuck in traffic we are stuck in
traffic that's why we moved to LA
sadness that little beetle I love those
old cars I totally remember my buddy in
high school my buddy named Trevor had a
little beetle like that like a 77 or
something and him and his dad like
totally redid it was like cherry red and
they had it in their garage and they got
all the chrome back was so exciting
here's a game that I like to play I
don't ask you guys if you're in a if you
live in a place where you're constantly
in traffic like I am now this little
game you can play with yourself you like
to play with you know a man uh so here's
the what I do I say here in traffic and
I just look at all these types of cars
and because I've rented so many cars and
I've had my driver's license now home I
I got my driver's license plus 15 so had
it for 16 years I've been driving for 16
years of my life I have had a driver's
license the day I turned 15 I got my
driver's license and I'm 31 so 16 years
look at that quick path for your kids
hope that's right I look like an idiot
anyways I've rented a lot of cars I've
driven a lot of kinds of trucks I've
worked a lot of different jobs where I
had to drive different kinds of things I
was a car salesman so I've driven a lot
of different types of cars so this game
that I play as I sit here and I watch
all these different types of cars little
Chevy truck like this driven hundreds of
them my dad's owned like five or six of
these trucks could work trucks they're
like bench in the middle I don't that
could be a stick and I just imagine
myself like the seating position how it
smells like those trucks can have like a
smell to him too
little Honda Civic my brother Casey had
a little silver Honda Civic just like
that
I remember we can be bought in Texas
motorcycle I've only written a most like
like that like twice I know that could
it feels like to be in that little Civic
it's a little like my grandpa had one it
rhymes me my grandpa all these different
types of cars whatever they are you know
where they're like a convertible like
right there that's a Toyota Solara
what was it Solaris so something those
were like the hot little convertible
Toyota's that we sold when I worked at
the flowmeter Toyota Jeep and Subaru so
I love looking at all these different
cars and just imagining the smell and
like my association with that type of
car so next time you're in traffic try
the little game you just kind of forget
that you can't do anything about but
just sit in traffic and go for miles an
hour so everybody sees you anyway it's
fun little Los Angeles traffic game if
you guys want to play along go ahead and
order the board game no it's just a
thing you do in your mind that's
okay
with every man you know like our new
screensaver it's our new desktop totally
bro oh my gosh
Oh Shay Carl you're such a handsome
devil you're such a handsome devil
tubular okay so this was how long ago
was that five or six years ago this is
who is well tell him to go away
this is about five years ago we were on
a cruise this is a picture taken in
Florida and I had with our friends um
Andy and Lacey I had this big beard
actually when they saw me sad and seen
me in a while and they're like you gotta
shave that beard they did not like my
beard at all and it wasn't there
anywhere near this big I put in and I
shaved it into this eye shape this was
the mustache and that's how i walked
onto the cruise ship just like that I
told you to tase him you tase him yeah
she's taking off she's going to school
hey Cass come here dude wait about my
new screensaver bro thank you yeah yeah
you know you're not kidding I just for
some reason is on my desktop and I just
made it my screensaver man you look like
the dude in the the fast food movie the
supersize me movie Aaron's furlong no I
jump up in that picture the other guy
Garrett's
her log right there totally ah supersize
me bro look like if he had done it for a
few more months
Naz don't do as a tone VP muscle man
there your heart say look like mommy
target boy yeah daffodil Oh actually
limey last time you were here she knows
that I love that video but last time
you're hearing me I talked with you said
dessert all it's awesome he didn't have
any he thought of you today when she
went to the store look what kind of
white family living in Los Angeles
Tapatio
all right DRAM toggles game tonight so
we can put it to good use whoo
more Casa all right rock tart has come
up missing is he up there he's up there
hold on wait where was he I'm coming to
look I can't believe he called you could
have fallen down this one Walter you
could have fallen down there and been
baby in the well Jessica little baby
Jessica just like baby Jessica there
that's where you sitting
yeah that's not scary or anything so
rock hard has been recently discovering
our house and we met moments ago found
him in the very top loft area and now we
couldn't find him and he was sitting up
here kind of like a I don't know what
this like goes into the attic or
whatever up here hey your mountain man
sit him down see if you to call it could
have fallen through that well so down on
the ground
thank you a football is he gonna fit
through there special effects oh he's
got a bow down the world all right rock
star dude if you're gonna climb up these
things you have to learn how to get down
come on we've showed you you gotta go
backwards here daddy we'll watch you
come on I got you come on
no I can help you dude let's go come on
bro since you got a trust in me come on
good boy go backwards good good job come
on boy
I got you come on there we go okay scoot
down keep coming keep going dude you
gotta keep going dude you came all the
way up here you gotta come all the way
down
do you can do it he's only used to can
come back down like one or two stairs
but a whole flight he gets scared still
he just gonna help him all right good
job what's so funny
let me see let's see it I'm just laying
on my rug just chilling in our house
hey you can get on the shoulders oh snap
careful do post jeepers
I see stitches in our future I see
stitches in our immediate future
oh snap deleting dong this hole you just
dropped it all that was freaky dude you
just dropped it
we're like these the kids outside mama
car needs four stitches she just dropped
a knife right by her foot it was you we
switched it around look at this
deliciousness you got going on here
mommy grant made us a dip I have been
looking this dip is so delicious
actually
I'm Lindsay brave girl 5 taught us how
to make this smells girlfriend and then
you're making oh look at all that dude I
thought you just had your hair all right
they're psychotic those jalapenos Oh
baby
what'd you do you crazy monkey face dude
yo
you're overreacting Rock guards like
what's goin on I wanna see where to put
my back alright no more that you guys
are gonna hurt yourself it's all fun and
games too uncle captain have to take you
to the urgent care like it these chairs
were wobbling here I'm afraid you're
gonna knock your brother they're not
gonna die today happens all the time
alright quit showing off I'm turning the
camera off
alright I'm serious everyone knock it
off oh look what you did oh good miramos
telling so much joy and there they go
marching out the door for what did you
make it such a feast oh oh you want to
leave oh there's the rice looks good
okay we're eating raw this is the first
Malachi hyper at the new house this is a
very first he has not done this hyper
run dance since we've been here he's
petering out pretty quick there's not
much room back there like come on give a
guy a break
oh he's running back and forth and up
there's like 50 feet of space but here
he comes watch out he's running it all
snap he's excited I think he's excited
to see Joe police he's missed Joseph Oh
see if that's how every friend greeted
you when they first saw you after a long
you know dismissal of friendship why
wouldn't you just love that person
the murders you did he hit you in the
face Oh calm down
that's a basely beard Joe that Joe I
love that beard it's looking good
model car yes about five months as if I
months okay I seriously think he wants
to hurt you now I think he thinks you're
Teen Wolf all right Malik boy man said
that's love at first sight Gobbo is one
of those leaners yeah oh that's all
great I was leaning on you who has a
great day and they know that Great Danes
that's like a trait that they have that
they always lean on yeah good boy hey
guys good news look what son tar did I'm
so glad you brought a member of the
family back to the Shaytards we were
also sad and look what you did dude
let's give a round of applause you guys
everybody gives son tard a round of
applause right now he brought an old
friend back into our lives what okay
there's whoo baby taru whoo you're
telling me yeah yeah
Donny the who died Donny the dart has
entered back into our lives
son tar went where no dude leave them no
Gaza don't kill Donny oh I know what
Donny means family I'm so where were you
when you shot it up there dude you were
right there dude
listen you want to kill Donny
yeah you better me just came Donny
listen we're gonna ground her for like
two weeks do not listen to her daughter
all right shut your stupid mouth holes
oh you're annoying yeah there's a bunch
of record kick hurts more hit her right
in the face oh that was a good move if
she's not dead she's dead now too bad
huh you better give her mouth-to-mouth
resuscitation centaur hurry
oh you just bashed your head on the
ground princess are you dead is it dirt
beat me why don't you beat centered up
now for him beating you up bring it oh
it's on dogs it is on no you're walking
away from this fight are you going to go
get a weapon oh just like sorry bro I
just I just gonna get a weapon and he
goes for the sphere of death aka the
basketball in rock art eh oh shoot
Macho Man Randy that oh my goodness
gracious
okay whoa that was joking Oh jeepers uh
cut hop you guys so he's gonna get hurt
I'm gonna be the one that's filming it
what happens British art do not eat your
baby the chair unless lights in my frame
watch out for your little brother hey
hey seriously seriously oh snap Oh
orb of death all right all right
everybody let's calm down all right
whatever rock hard can you believe them
I don't know I just keep my toast
walking around in the trees enjoying
life here in California do you see these
rocks over here they're all white can
you imagine that all white rocks I know
and this sides green it's like a like a
liner border let's check it out over
here here comes the chair wielding mania
listen what would don't you put the
chair down what will it take what will
it take how much money do you need to
put the chair down
one hundred two thousand dollars one
hundred two thousand dollars so that
like twenty-one hundred dollars or a
hundred of two thousand dollars so you
need that 100 grand that's 100 grand
what's 200 - I don't ok we'll do the
math later put it there they go
to murder one each other Oh Oh No
oh the ante just got up do not throw
that table young man you know better
than that okay okay go put it back that
was a hilarious chain of events I have
to admit I have to yeah why can't the
camera what are you guys doing up for
the from the Shh our residents in Venice
Beach California
over and out the news yeah watch out oh
my goodness gracious
