Wow you bite your tongue thank you for
this tongue Oh
who opened all right happy birthday for
the 18th time happy birthday for the
18th time happy birthday he was excited
happy birthday - all right so rocked
hard got a present from Grandma great
that came in the mail to our new house
and his birthday was June the 10th what
was that like 15 days ago
alright rocked are you to open it yet
see if you open it what did grandma get
yeah
what is it your closing so here's our
side anyway pop oh good baby card what
do you think you got morning you got you
got a cookie you're eating a cookie so
it's a book huh
open it rock garden I'm gonna help you
much all right mommy's hard take of all
the fun of the opening oh she takes it
immediately go oh thanks come out oh
that's so nice do you like it rocked are
what do you think wow you open these
little things are here there's a little
stuff in there and there's stuff in
there Oh
makes a meowy sound I'm gonna be reading
this book all night what do you I think
did birthday present for one new year
old little baby boy
alright today is one take Sunday we just
got home from church you guys know what
I haven't done yet
I have not climbed in that tree house
yet no is it considered a tree house can
you fit is it is it hard as it small am
I too fat what does that do it right now
there we go son tired come fill me oh
you come fill me I'm climbing up in the
system me right dad what are you doing
cuz rock hard been up in the tree yet
either
come here rock tard actually actually
has why princess are make sure of that
and I made sure right now here every my
name took them back taken I'm up higher
than / to started oh that's awesome
ankle oh my lambo what Rambo okay here
we go
gonna be too bad for this no you're not
watch out this put this pen up here is
that your head there's a note up here
too there's a note
is it to Justin Bieber's and note your
boyfriend oh look at this oh is it B
note to Mississippi what is this
Mississippi is that your new that your
new name happy happy Mississippi New
York's about you we always have to be
happy we learned it and in primary
church there we go
hey we should always yeah you already
put this up here since church is like
yeah baby
my face right now totally and I see
haha hey this is just a sign of things
to come when she has her own room
we should take another picture like this
and people will think that we abused our
baby
I'll go download nice see me like this
and then we take a picture I'm sitting
in the tree that imperfectly no it's a
watch everyone do it do it okay act like
a tree and Hydra high manatee can you
see me
yep see me now yeah okay where what do
we do yeah see smiler you killed my life
I just read mississippi's No
all right here we go what take Sunday
we're climbing a tree oh baby tardy had
given her no back I have officially been
in the family tree it's special you have
the family tree
alright we'll see you guys tomorrow what
are we doing today mommy tard taking
naps what's due okay it's a nap day time
night right night alright see you guys
tomorrow
this is Rambo tard over and out peace
bye
