could be pretty darn precious what it is
Katie letting shaycarl got the cutest
kids and maybe up on YouTube making all
events and if you don't know I'm gonna
tell you like this like this like son's
heart got all the girls on them
god I'm wondering how do you get so
handsome okay and baby turn she got that
baby girl swag she can get a little
just like her dad what a rock card I see
you starting the water hit that snaky
leg then he hit the driver prison start
when you whack girlfriend back
handspring it's a perfect ten huh yeah
you know they PDF AP two years done and
he's on two three we're ready for a
video so let it be clear hey it's the
way to start every day with a hot mommy
time and a watermelon nice robe there
Monica were you stayed in a four-star
hotel so this little booger face good
night you use the watermelon knife for
bread there's an atrocity we got a
special water broke sorry for pineapple
- oh it does it yeah that's good
serrated edges that's what a good
watermelon night needs it's good
serrated edges come on you guys know
that right so it's 9:30 in the morning
and I have a spring dinkle you see here
but I got a little brace on it what you
can't hold the camera I'm vlogging here
pumpkin
I think I'm pumpkin yeah son tart is
vomiting and I have a bunch of stuff to
do I have to go help Cat Cat terrific
move a mattress real quick and then I
got to get up the Shaytards vlog Brett's
gonna send it over to me that's gonna
this Dropbox thing is working sweet I
wake up and he sends it over to me and
watch it make sure it's cool and I said
then I upload it okay so I got my
breakfast
I weighed 248 pounds of more it means
I've lost two pounds I'm on this you
guys I have been reading the comments of
the Shea lofts video and a lot of you
guys are pretty harsh on me st. I've
never fulfill the shayloss well I lost
30 pounds I was 280 now I'm 250 I have
been stuck kind of a 254 well at least I
maintained and I didn't get it back but
now we're going down to 200 and I told
you I'm not shaving my beard and I'm not
cutting my hair until I'm 200 pounds
Bobby tart is super excited about that
I'm lame I think it's lame - I think
it's stupid you just didn't cut your
beard of your hair
wait little sure you don't want your
sleeker look like water - what's good
now I can come in Gajapathi okay what's
going on you want to pet me I love you
but you'll go bug we all right bye love
you
wait bye bye bye bye can you wave say
bye bye God kisses by giving kisses bye
boy milk I love you I gotta go out for
poop open the door open the door pop I
love you do I took her to cook it's just
I'll tell you why man I am like the
biggest James Blunt fan ever I seriously
when my I'm gonna be honest with you
guys right now I'm gonna come out and
say it
I remember when baby Turner got picked
to be on his front cover and his album
and everything and it was so exciting
and it was James Blunt it's like now
who's James Bond is like he's the one
that says you know beautiful like oh
yeah I know him and so I was like so
like what's the CD like and honestly I
was like I I don't really like his music
I felt bad I'm like my daughter's on the
front cover of a CD and I'm not really
into his music I promise you I swear to
everything I am the biggest James Blunt
fan now I have a CD in my truck and I
listen to it probably 60% of the time I
almost think that's true for any good
music like even if you don't necessarily
like it at first if you just start
listening to it you start to like feel
like the inner I don't know I don't know
how to explain this so like the
emotional connection with music and
people but I'm filling it with the James
Blunt I'm really I love it and this is
this old album actually I need to get
his new album in here the one that my
daughter's on this is his one back to
bedlam I really like this album I even
has like there's I got two honest discs
where he goes to I don't know where he
goes I gotta get the other one in here
though I like the other CD - anyways I'm
here to pick up cat we're gonna go get a
mattress she just moved to LA if you
don't know who she is we got your
battery excited yes in the back
we're hoping it doesn't fall out in
okay I got my good turn my good D I got
three Boy Scout points for helping out a
friend and now it's time to go pick up
some breakfast oh this is one thing I
love about LA I'm gonna get me some of
this but it's fresh fruit I'm gonna get
me some right now check out how fresh
this is right here on the street easy to
get Oh delicious that coconut be healthy
I'm not gonna be fat anymore
let's guys chop some fruit in his day oh
man here you go yeah change thanks man
appreciate it
breakfast is served look at that whole
bag of fruit mix chopped looks so fresh
to get a fork in it and everything this
is awesome and this is right next to our
house - that isn't me my breakfast every
morning
much passion and feeling and just raw
emotion uttering up like sludge from the
middle of the earth those feelings of
the motions you never ever dealt even to
touch with a long pokey stick they
finally come bubbling out of your mouth
I'm so hollow hollow they are the sludge
comes up easy cut really shallow I hope
to be shallow and feel like I've lost
weight already I weighed myself this
morning and I was 248 that is bueno muy
bueno so I just went home took a shower
uploaded the vlog read got it to me
Shane's hush I'm vlogging here okay
everyone air-conditioner I need
everybody just calm down for a second
any who's the whatsits I want did I do
Oh Brett sent me the vlog and that's
what I heard it's so cool I wake up in
the morning at 6 8 what is that I wake
up in the Mafia my feet did he know shut
up anywho so you guys are almost out of
school they're about to graduate now
they're all staring to be funny now they
don't scare me like a weirdos oh I was I
talking about so I wake up in the
morning and there's a drop box little
thing all they do is like I go into that
folder and Breton's already sent me the
video file for the today's floss oh nice
I click on that and I sit there and I
watch the vlog this morning it was so
great because every time I'm editing the
vlog or doing something with the vlog
the kids always want to come over and
watch it and it's so hard for me to edit
when they're always standing there I'm
like you guys just go away let dad edit
let me get all this stuff done and then
we'll watch it but this morning was so
great because we got the video and we
were all watching it together for the
first time daddy didn't have to edit we
just push play on that video and all of
us were like laying on the bed watching
it and laughing and stuff and I like
sweet so I just hit upload on it and I
took a shower and then now I'm going to
a meeting with Wired magazine
don't tell anybody but I'm yeah we're
going I'm going to interview with Wired
magazine for maker studios and we're
going to talk about this new wave of
communication whatever you want to call
it all right love you I'm gonna listen
to some more James Blunt goodbye
there it is what's happening I just
heard all the fires and horns and
everything those moments those exciting
moments we were talking about so this is
the Viper Room and wax is on the board
who doesn't know wax I actually meet one
night me and Qasim and raywilliamjohnson
came here and saw wax it was awesome
yeah it was sweet if you guys aren't who
waxes he's really kind of cusses a lot
in this video so don't go watch him if
you want to see cousin but he is
talented anyways he's playing there and
you have about half an inch
okay here we are at Zed with a Jim Davis
everybody knows Tim Davis little-known
fact what was the series called it was a
how do I not remember that I'm so stupid
on my shaycarl channel how many were
there like six of them there's five or
six man ups you guys remember those
shows man up which recalls he edited all
of those that was the first big project
huh with me at least anyways we filmed
so much since then with Blake loves and
then here's my family what's your name
nice to meet you and this is my wife hi
baby
hey just like my real kids they're
playing they're playing video games on
my phone you play an Annoying Orange
listen young man I'm trying to vlog you
how many you got there do my high score
on that is 67,000 does anybody have the
Annoying Orange game I have it and I
have 67 thousands my high score beat
that all right so uh are we ready oh
there's your snake sorry here's Denise
Denise is the writer she wants us to
calm down this is that this is a
thriller and she's like show you need to
calm down you gotta be quick being you
going to acting right now no smiles stop
stop oh great did I tried all right
we're in trouble
producers best so we're attaching a fire
alarm into the what do you think about
this guy I'm gonna I'm gonna be tagging
nothing like crazy is it me scared do
not drop our sell me those are pilot
lights then you just turn the gas on in
the fire wanna see
see and you just like have immediate
fire I know that that's a pile I see
look that tiny light always stays lit
see those little holes in this gas ring
as soon as I turn this knob there's a
gas that comes out these holes under
date nights that tiny tiny little fire
that makes a big fire ready I turn the
gas on it hits that little pretty crazy
hey let's go you ready dude you
character yes yeah that's real life how
did me and you have two blond headed
children oh snap even cheating on do
your snapper action action you want to
show us your MGM tiger it's so it's like
so apropos for their house okay this is
Joe's bathroom
check out my kids are freaking love that
water spinning hands right into the
hands of the dirty yeah this is a little
a little bit too much so we're getting
it replaced I do not think what the
Tigers
okay guys it's 127 almost 130 at night
I'm here on the 405 in Los Angeles and
there is no traffic I'm getting off
right here this is what everybody at
probably five o'clock wished the 405
looked like at all times there's
literally nobody on it it's like a
five-way an expressway where people just
fly if it feels like I'm going 120 miles
you're not but just everybody's going so
fast and you're not used to going fast
right there because it's the traffic is
always wearable it's really cool when
the expressways actually worked what do
you call them expressways or highways I
need to go right here anyways 1:30 at
night just getting done with that shoot
that's gonna be a Denise's do these
vlogs channel check that out it's a
horror it's like a serious is that why
monkeys didn't see me anyways I'm going
home
it's late I'm gonna go home we'll go to
bed I love you
see tomorrow bye
