get set go the kids starting to make you
nervous
oh yeah you gotta the glass I can't turn
the camera off I'm s done this I can
turn it on my hardened I've stopped
doing this seeing an ad to pick up okay
Gavin we're just hanging out of my
brother's house and this is his
collection you have a nice collection I
don't you very nice and he can play off
nap I'm here
Tyler don't let her tell you
lotta loudness happening all right we
are out shopping somebody's having a
birthday tomorrow and I let her know
that she could have a birthday outfit
hey mom
oh are you talking about thank you like
a little weird did you find some cute
cheese yes they are so cute
some matchy-matchy shoes there we hook
in the back first on every one mile look
you and they have white lace and then
there's like floral on the back and
there's these shoes to a click they're
gonna be 11 what you got some shoes
which ones did you see okay I don't
think those are your size earlier he
just threw a box in the cart it was a
girl's size 13 shoe yeah nice size my
dad action look look spider-man shoes do
you want some spider-man shoes he
doesn't want to because I'm the one that
picked him out I needed to make it look
like he picked him out
my skills getting rusty which one's Deon
the Batman one yeah okay let's find your
size okay we're opening a random package
look random well it's a package OC ODIs
which means it's probably random huh
yeah
oh dude oh sorry Scott Stirling
hilarious
Studio C that's awesome but even
immature see I have a sign Scott
Stirling volleyball if you don't know
who Scott Stirling is well then get off
the internet ladies and gentlemen
because Scottsdale each face has entered
the field to take again at this replay
oh darling Scott's dead a bucket it
again mm-hmm it's Scott right huh anyway
thank you Studio C we shot a video with
them that's coming out soon
and they'll get to hang out with the one
nobody in those videos are hilarious go
check them out there's a soccer one and
a volleyball one I gave him an idea for
next one you're right okay let's go get
the kids
we're rolling come on we gotta go pick
up the young kids now hold on gotcha
open the card there better be a 20 in
here there's not a 20 in here I'm gonna
beat Jeremy up what there's no 20 Jake
thank you for sharing a Scott sterling
volleyball sketch with your Twitter
followers we really appreciate it
hopefully that BYUtv thanks guys yeah
it's very thoughtful of them babe you
got a volleyball
Scottsdale a ready getcha
dude careful the signature hey show some
respect that let's go to check it you
see those geese flying in a V maybe
they're coming back from flying south
for the winter
where you guys going are you filming
some ESEs who's your face out there it
is I see it hi alright we're in a brand
new car because that new car smell can
only fit three kids in this car though
yeah so we had to give two away that's
cool I traded them in for the new car we
said we'll give you our suburban our two
youngest kids and $5,000 for this
brand-new car yeah it worked just
kidding um Colette's cars at the oil
change place so they gave her a loaner
one and let's add some recalls or
something so they were fixing it cars
are said okay let's take
fix those stickers you don't want
stickers anyways we're going to pick up
the youngest two and I just thought what
if we only had three kids aw sweetie
here we got wouldn't be weird if this
was our family if this was the Shaytards
people would have unsubscribed whele dad
I got sick of the five of us be honest
the only reason you're still subscribe
for rockin Daxton alright we're gonna go
pick them up right now hey no offense
guys you guys would be cool listen I
would like not to have two younger kids
we could go do a lot funner stuff like
way right bigger rollercoasters for one
typical okay well I'll eventually people
I couldn't imagine having the last two
so it's like think if there's another
one that maybe we're not having that we
could have that with in the future would
be like what if we didn't have think
about it we're not having another one I
say it could have taught no you know
some people just enjoy dinner together
and some people just hang out on their
phones the whole time I'm getting me a
crap okay you guys they put your face up
again we're planning clutch doing emails
with a guy that's gonna drive a limo for
a vyas birthday what
oh that was a close one
I don't know if I like these lyrics
right stop
quit Tom to behave friendly whenever you
see this little man anything's gonna
come happy with it Oh Gary bless you
bless you bless you bless you bless you
bless you yes yes yes yes all right
we're seeing an early happy birthday
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you everybody happy birthday dear abya
is this me nobody's nothing out
I'll do the cymbals look he's like come
on let's eat the ice cream enough with
the song so lame I hate this song nice
job okay post Red Lobster race pass me
on your marks get set go the kids Oh
havea wins but Daxton Klum's the victory
for himself Jackson wins even Olivia was
the first across the finish line nice
job good job I can't believe you guys
could do that I had six too many cheddar
biscuits I ain't doing no sprinting
right now no you're not you're just five
you got little legs you're fast dude
trust me this is one of those we are
purposely parking in the worst spot in
the lot situations so that we can burn
off some of this trouble love above that
we just had we make ourselves and we
have to go shopping park asfar what here
there's a sign because I want to get a
horse remember I've told you guys for
the longest time seven years that I was
gonna get a horse owning a horse anyways
we're walking cuz we're chubby here we
go I know I heard you I said I'm getting
a horse
Jess you're the horse do you ever do
badoo badoo we're doing some shopping in
the cattle ranch watch out converse okay
kids I need your help first personally
to try to learn how to drive this thing
my bad I'm sorry
hey pushover Thank You Avia Thank You
Gavin okay guys I want no see these
sandbags I need five sandbags right
there
notice and a goes to bag of sand grab
five of those and throw it on this so
where the cows are situated there's
these little kind of like dips in the
earth and because of all of the melt off
and the runoff from the mountains in the
winter
on all the rain because of the spring
there's these like natural pockets of
water and some of the water is like
flowing out and want to keep it for as
long as possible to feed the cows I'm
getting sandbags so that we can stop the
water alright stack those on there stack
them on there come on get it on there
don't be a wussy face get it on there
nice job nice job
what do you guys think we should get
chickens yeah dorsal it was just those
two big ones where the mom and dad yeah
right be the teenage brothers a one that
was this small kanpei let's go look you
want that little black one right there
but we don't have a place to put it yet
we need to have a safe place to put them
so no coyotes get them or zekiel I don't
think the girl would get the chickens
but I think blondie might so we'll have
to wait and see how about this that is a
really cool chicken coop but for the
amount of chickens we want we might need
a bigger one okay you're not on our
daughter know a little bit what is this
crazy crew dollar you're driving we
always get over for bras I'm so proud of
you
no no no the answer's no I don't you can
ask me but no we don't know we don't
have a place to put chickens yet
that's really good you made him a chair
even Jackson what are these
what are they say chickens you can see
they're cute little chickens do you like
them they're so small huh don't touch
him
let's go down here and see the chickens
hi guys I'm not mr. chew through good to
meet you
you guys want to come home with us
excuse us coming through hello hello hi
how are you guys good to meet you just
want to come over to our house we're
getting back soon you want to come home
with us
yeah ask him say come with us guys all
wrong for small fun huh kids want
chickens ain't happening
hey happen you guys look nice though you
look cute you stink right here you stink
I bet you're a giant mess a giant mess
indeed that dad or mom will end up
having to clean up
oh my god all right so we're John we're
loading some sanding cuz we're gonna
make something as own I don't know what
we're gonna make but 60 pound sandbags
yeah get it rocky you can't go commit
any more
Gray's are so strong nice job sex so
much build-up brach you have it one more
oh he's been trying to get that one for
like eight hours now
ah all right tough guys I can't move it
I just wanna open the gate Oh baby 120
pounds oh my gosh hey you guys grab one
too okay I'll try
think tough how have you got 60 pounds
good job go over to the right it's not
as muddy good job honey you are a tough
guy sure AM they all came to say hi we
got them will they be mean I taught them
how to be nice get they all wanted
carrots from you babe like we're doing
in my pasture if you don't have food you
know and then we played Red Rover with
the cows and they demolished us in fact
me and Gavin had our arms ripped off
yeah Larry came barreling through there
and me and Gavin were holding on a
little too tight both arms ripped right
off I had to get him sewed back on we're
cool now but you know definitely not
playing Red Rover with the cows in the
pasture anymore you know time cyanide
science 2020 thanks for watching today's
Shaytards vlog hey guess what we have a
bonus video today that is going to be
uploaded right after this in fact if
you're not like really super early to
the video it might be up right now and
it's a milkshake challenge that the
girls did I found all this footage and I
thought I'm gonna make this a separate
video so that is a mystery video link
you can click on right there on the
mystery Braque face flexing his muscles
you want to see what the Shaytards are
doing every single day for the last
eight years click on those numeric faces
and give us a thumbs up we appreciate
them we watch we see we're like oh man
this
didn't get a lot of thumbs up it means
people don't like us no that's not true
we know you love us but sometimes you're
just busy you know your thumbs are busy
like giving people hitchhiking advice I
don't know I gotta go okay class me
weird questions goodbye see you tomorrow
