he's
say what's on my list of it no you guys
take it from the top
do not listen if you listen to that
you'd be able to get it over okay let me
try it then okay ready yeah
all right let's it don't bill once dude
it's a girl I knew that used to teach
aerobics could open pickle jars squeeze
that jar go to town mommy tard see if
sundar can open it if SunGard opens that
you're in trouble
squeeze that dude don't drop it or
anything yeah he's going with the towel
technique drain it off okay I can't walk
anymore
I gotta put the thumbnail on by Casey if
I were uploading the video oh and
refresh this and watch this is the most
exciting thing you hit refresh right
here and then watch and the video has
just went live everybody the vlog is
vavle you blog YouTube that guy what's
going here put a bug down this video hey
son turd guess what your todays
thumbnail me and you hugging isn't that
sweet well pull their heartstrings hold
it still back there try give up give it
to me watch this you ready oh my gosh
I knew that would happen so much power
so much strength in one body you're
amazing how does it even possible
so much handsome peperoncinis you're not
that spicy they're not really spicy they
have a spicy taste but not a spicy feel
they don't actually burn them out since
they're mild pepper cheese
hey that made the squishy noise I
squirted all those
good idea good ideas no point alone
that's why they can't have the rule no
food at the table tastes a little spicy
just uploaded the video whoo Brent is
doing a good job at getting these vlogs
up in a reasonable time for all US
European viewers
I saw another comment said breathless
European viewers are you loving you
forgiving these up that early
you're welcome is it there now talk to
the area let's look at mom
will drop shall we it's 10 p.m. in in
Ireland no that's my brother's got a big
heart
are you I love the Shaytards
so it's a 1270 it's midnight in
Jerusalem it's 10:17 in London and
Brisbane Australia at 7:00 a.m. tomorrow
Madrid Spain it's 11:00 I'm get a phone
call worst timing ever decline yeah
we're glad that we're getting up the
videos early and one thing that we're
gonna do is when we get the video up is
we're gonna rip on that repond
replies reply no I may respond wrong you
that reply repond know but we're gonna
find silver Ritter applauds into
comments
okay so let's your pawn thumbs up if I'm
supp if you
Finn's good quality is good oh that's
another thing with these new let me
refresh here it takes a minute for it to
be good quality it's about probably five
or ten minutes it's 2:40 most of you
guys know somebody just commented on
here that said 240p we've meet again you
know so just wait for a minute and then
it'll be at 360 you guys know how this
works on YouTube just in case some of
you people don't know this you can
select two forty is lowest quality and
if you have slow internet you might want
to watch in 240 B because it's gonna the
video is gonna work faster it's just not
gonna be as clear so 480 looks really
good I think the 480 looks fine and it
doesn't take up too much on your
computer but if you go to like yesterday
walk after it's been up for a while you
click on 720hd
that's like the nicest clearest most of
you guys know this and if you're new to
YouTube these are options you can select
from reviewing quality privileges I like
bushes shams who said that that's
inappropriate that should have been
edited out of the yesterday's about you
saw responding that one she said cut
that part out and I said no it's too
funny leave with it just take no he
didn't what a jerk gee we're gonna reply
this short rocker one two rocker
thirteen will go Brett yes I would like
Toby's Toby does on Healy's oh I need to
get something you these huh need you
have yours I'm gonna tighten I've put
Toby is a loser what loser where's what
wait wait wait what what grown man okay
what kind I'm really anxious no you know
once we watching you tight what kind of
grown man
oh yeah cuz you're all gonna see that
I'm a slow typer wears heels
no wait wheels toby is a lizard what
kind of grown-up wears wheels okay we
just posted a comment to short walking
through 13 Yuri come into all that I
responded all over that Toby's a loser
what kind of grown man
come check it outside you guys that's
like a mountain Bluebird that's the
state bird of Idaho still there while
your blouses all right what's missing
everybody our yard just opened up like
30% woke up some dudes across next to us
they're cutting down the neighbors trees
I literally went over there Hey
as soon as you're done I don't worry
they came over 300 bucks the entire
thing 350 X well though it's sweet
they're talking like two hours coins
gone we gotta decide you want to do a
fire pit a fire pit so we need to put
grass down or just gravel I think
whatever whatever gets thumbs up the
most you should get everybody I want to
I want a hot tub I don't know how you'd
get it back here though you'd have to
like crayons there's no way to bring in
the side what do you think hot tub or
fire pit let us know he wants to be
released from his Kraken Plunkett if you
have a good nap you have not cleaned
your room young man this place you can't
take out the car no dates for you I
don't thank you for you look at this
place look at this place
trash dump it's pigsty mommy tard bunny
turn your baby's ready
you just got fresh out of the oven all
right stay there leave your mom alone
get your sleeping
guys I just want you to know that it is
it will always be me replying to the
comments I will never have anybody else
ever reply to comments other than me our
body comments - it'll just be from Brett
the anatomy from his account so if you
guys want to talk to Brett you can but
this the comments is a great place to
talk you know we read them absolutely
right when we upload a video that's one
of the first thing I look at is the
comments because you guys will tell me
the kind s of the title or like the link
is in the pants I said there was a link
in the pants and it put the pants I
always read the comments cuz you guys
let me know where I screwed up link is
actually the sync check oh whatever
I love ladder ball says Bregman Amell
I'm gonna say come on over come on over
and play some Brett's Lillis down in
editing so it looks like I'm a really
slow typer okay please um
bladder okay we just replied to that
comment you want to play a letterbox
I really do think you and you have the
best family ever ah from the Netherlands
Haslam is surprisingly good with kids
her in my mouth oh this isn't this is
blocked I was raised by just my mom but
I like to believe that Shay is my father
figure in my life he teaches me lessons
manners and just to enjoy life on a
daily basis oh that's nice
he'll reply go to your room hey mr. Nick
oh eight one one thank you for the nice
comment I was just joking when I said go
to your room but you're grounded that's
what I love about this new feature on
YouTube is that you can see all of my
comments like right here we just replied
to Bruggeman don't come on over and play
some ladder ball and it shows where if
you go to that like my view all comments
the yellow is mine so that's what I
usually try to do when I reply in the
comments I just go into into all
comments and just reply to as many as we
gotta go to the office you ready Bret
let's go let's do it alright here we are
I'm here with four large men while I'm
one of the four large men getting naked
on my porch
she's feeling like it's the light
Malkovich then hi Ellen little nervous a
little nervous fat and we're fat we are
all about to dunk dong dong way
ourselves so take off your coat
take off your glasses yeah no back Big
Macs gonna take off your belt what are
you taking off take off your shirts
take it off dude I mean I need to take
that off raw rots goes fried mm it don't
cut you in on this so you guys are
skinny yeah I better not do that okay so
we're gonna have a weight loss it's not
a contest is it a contest no it's a
challenge and we're like basically gonna
be a team we are ourselves we are
challenging ourselves to all lose 50
pounds in three months starting July 1st
until October 1st all right we're gonna
have end goals eventually yes but I
think right now we should all just say
as a team as the four of us we will lose
50 pounds each a total of 200 pounds by
October cursors and we're all gonna
weigh ourselves and see how much we
weigh right now and then that's the goal
is all of us to lose 50 pounds each all
right you ready to weigh okay oh man
here it is drumroll look at the tension
in the audience a 242 what do you have
it it's coming up to 50 106 250 1.6 l
b201 point six and you're right in the
sound Brett's doing June if you 1.60 tap
it and it'll zero then let's step on
there you go big man on campus 75 here
we go I think it is
new 7000 point for not bad 273 point of
it okay next fat lard up oh good
how much you weigh by the way seriously
get on there let's see how much you
weigh oh yeah we don't want it to be too
heavy my leotard is - Oh a hundred and
eight pounds you could lose a mommy tard
basically yeah she's me 58 pounds by the
time we're done here on you ready you
take off your sweater off there see you
were team already topic you can see
zeros then go I've weighed myself in
like year has it been a while what is it
over way over one more time let's just
see is that the most you've ever been
that is the most time is it for sure oh
absolutely
okay test that again just scale made of
glass no that's it was right one seventy
six point eight Ron is to seven rocked
are you want to get on there watch your
knee who you big Oh gonna get on the
scale too much you a haven Boggs to 45
tap it first long as it's you to 42 42
how tall are you by the way at 6-4 6-4
a little zombie 2:42 that's all you'll
be by the time we're done quicker so
mommy you know I like I'm the skinniest
guy here I'm the O'Shea's lightest than
me then wrong that Vin I can to 300
honey can you make him some food real
quick okay watch out okay move let's see
you move out of the way let's see what
it is
your feet are in the way dirty boy he's
gonna be 30 pounds is boring about
apparently all our weights so we're all
gonna do 50 right is that that's the
goal it's very specific the RACI whoever
can see you lose 50 pounds first but
we're a team we're here to support each
other and we're gonna do weekly
weigh-ins okay every Tuesday we're gonna
weigh ourselves and that way we'll be a
hold ourselves accountable to see how we
reach to and you can also I believe in
you yeah you guys want to join that you
guys can join check out their channels
you guys are starting on blogs weight
loss of logs there's raw Ron you just
want to do a vlog it's doing okay do it
on bin vlogs and then what are you guys
home and then I'm going to start doing
shayloss so I'll put all the links down
if you guys want to check it out we'll
all do our individual vlogs but then
we're all gonna do stuff together like
go work out and go shopping for
vegetables
think of what you man for us Team Green
so here's what I'm saying I'm upping the
ante I am adding a little stakes to this
contest and it's not really contest this
is gonna be kind of like a friendly
little wager that I'm throwing out there
I'm gonna say every Tuesday when we go
to weigh ourselves whoever loses the
most amount of weight it's 200 $200 or
be a little so when I say 200 or 500 no
let's do 500 freaking a man I wondered I
wanted to be serious
I wanted to be serious we're we're gonna
be like mo I'm gonna be motivated to not
give you my money but it's gonna be hard
to beat three of you every week that's
the thing
so listen because this is coming out of
my pocket sponsors right now I'm
shamelessly saying this if you would
like to sponsor a week of team Goodyear
blimps motivational money like you wanna
say Goodyear blimp why don't you guys
sponsor us that's perfect what I'm
saying like maybe you have like a little
weight loss channel or maybe if I can
weight loss website or you have a
product of some sort of sports equipment
you want to promote your product will
make a video once a week we'll come use
your product whatever it is and that'll
be our $500 I'm telling you right now
the price of it is 500 bucks and we'll
well you can email us
I'll put an email or whatever and it's
gonna motivate us shaycarl if you want a
penalty and Brett I have lost 100 pounds
before so I'm the professional do all
those snaps right here that he's
throwing down the gauntlet oh I've done
this before like Donkey Kong so if you
guys want to get on board like I said
it's gonna be exciting but this is
serious now I used to be working out
like non-stop working out
