Oh
all right we're rolling some more roti
what are you doing is it good it's all
good karev in your eyes that's gonna
hurt you can't pour the salt in your
mouth you silly baby starts chugging the
song there knows it's gross huh you're
good doing that I bet ya you're
regretting that hey you got a hair in
your mouth
salty hair oh that's what's for lunch
you want salty hair burgers for lunch
I'm tired that's a lot of salty hair
burger Oh oily who watched their hand
did everybody wash your hands oh my gosh
you think none of you guys are watching
this aren't eatin we're gonna be baby
tard salty harried mouth geez rub it all
over the road team so we made Korean
roti last night but we have leftover so
I didn't make it yes we're making more
roti we have a lot of curry leftover
where's the curry is the Korean here we
got is there vegetarian or you got just
the chicken made vegetarian because Ron
and banner vegetarians we made
vegetarian curry but look there's a
leftover you just need to make some rope
tree and have some deliciousness again I
love it so what are you doing now you're
rolling it up now we're also you flatten
it out you oil it then you roll it salt
and oil on it salt no oil knees on it
that's good good please let me see your
hands
that is I am okay don't wipe it on your
dress keep your hands away from your
dress trying to keep them clean it's
helped I'm trying my best baby I'm
trying my best that's all right we got
love jeepers alright I'm going outside
you guys freakin deal - roti I'm gonna
go outside vlog what love you baby cakes
we freakin love our new house we love
that the doors open this is our bedroom
have you guys seen our bedroom but look
totally open right here into the
backyard this is our bed mommy car just
got us new pillows we got some black
pillows with yellow accent it's really
adorable song Keo mommy Tyrese made
herself at home oh hey Bed Bath & Beyond
tard you got your little stash in here
of accoutrements what's on this side get
some Febreze
there's my flip cameras I've been
looking for those
oh snap did I just find your stash of
chocolate mommy thar what's in this huh
let's see here what do we got hiding in
oh I see a star chocalate stash here in
your little cabinet mami tarde busted
it's funny it's like it looks like it's
hiding mommy's in her room eating her
chocolate stash kids be quiet where was
I I was talking about and look at our
family pictured I show you this already
this makes it feel like home right there
we are all together loving one another
yeah this is actually another cool thing
about the patio - is this door like this
whole thing we wanted to close it I
don't know why you want to go but like
you can push this whole like blasting
slides I want you to open though I like
the open air so I'm really liking the
weather here in California in fact this
morning I came out here today and I was
like a little stressful I got a meeting
today I get the vlog up it's so much
better now now that Brent is editing the
videos I can get so much more done I can
reply to emails so I just came out here
on this chair and there was the Sun was
shining like right through here and I
just kind of did this like this
meditation for like five minutes
I just sat here in through the nose
calming thoughts I don't know I just
kind of like meditated in the Sun I just
totally relaxed it felt so good the
weather is beautiful it's perfect it's
not too hot like 68 to 70 degrees I
don't love that Bush though that Bush
must go is oddly is little big and ugly
it's a big ugly mood you got your read
off a pretty start is rolling her ulti
she did a good job last night helping me
and Cecily you did a good job so do you
guys think about Brett editing our
videos do you like it yes how come
that's right daddy just got about four
hours a day more with you guys what do
you think about that Pete hard baby
tired once again way too much flour too
much salt you just a flower power girl
aren't you love your flower make love
your hairdo today it's a beet supply
it's a mole race if you can throw that
in spin it good watch me here
no I'm flipping it here ready fill me
dog boil boil and give me no this needs
a beat you need to work this too small
right he's some all right watch this
baby get some water
haha you throw this another two it
doesn't fit doesn't fit good keep them
rolling dude that's good pretty start
sweetness hey guys someone else just
wanted to join your rowing party Oh
rocked our chair right there dude
right there grab you some don't get
started sure give him some dough there
you go dude think oh yeah can you eat it
yeah can either what you say baby tired
too much what flour or dough too much
dough okay I bet you are you chewing it
how is it good Rock darn show me your
face dude I wanna see the face of the
man who's gonna roll the next roti there
it is I'm the man with the scrape nose
cuz I my head is a wrecking ball for all
things cement take your move dog what
are you waiting for go get it tiger
what's this here here
Oh your project all right all right
let's see you gonna flip it
I think it's wrong ready dude they cook
pretty fun I say flip that baby don't
burn yourself hold over the side then
flip it you got it
you got this flip a hard you got to pick
it up up up high flip hard thanks good
now get it back in the middle that's
perfect dude that's like golden brown oh
you got a hard line all right that one
yours
good job mommy you're teaching your
daughters how to cook wait what is what
that's a truck looks like state hey what
are you doing you're not supposed to be
on the stairs how'd you get past our
defenses we put up some strategic
defenses there and you just got past
them good job son tard would help out
keeping the little boy out of falling
down the stairs a fourth time how I
let's see how he did it maybe maybe
we'll get some information oh he's
trying to save his buddy out of jail
come on man I didn't know they were
gonna take me out of there I'll save you
I'll be right back I'm gonna go get my
daddy he can get you hey Dad can you get
my buddy out of jail no mom will you
help my buddy he's in jail over there
come here let me show you follow me I'll
walk you over there
blue right come on just walk oh you got
it up rock hard luck look your sister
got it she sprung it out for you what do
you say he's like we thank you I love
this little guy we made it we're finally
together again on the outside we're free
man let's go to San Juan Janelle will
meet Morgan Freeman there
rocked our prisons what's that movie
called Shawshank Redemption - what's
that movie called you mean like my
favorite movie of all time - a stupid
that's a hot heart you got a hot March
that's almost perfect do not burn it or
you know what happens to people who burn
things they have to marry someone named
Shay that was subliminal messaging for
movie so I'm headed to a meeting this is
one of many meetings it's one of the
main reasons we moved here to LA is so
we could have meetings matey's meetings
meetings we gotta have to meet so that
we can meet about the future meetings
where we'll meet and we'll talk about
how we met at the last meeting when
we'll schedule our next meeting that's
kind of the goal is to eliminate some of
these meetings just to get stuff done
there's kind of like this back process
where it's like I kind of need to be
caught up on what's going on with the
company with maker studios if you may or
may not know I am a co-owner / founder
of a internet digital studio named maker
studios that is part of the reason that
we're here and so that I can help run
the day-to-day operations of that
company and to make sure that things are
working as they're supposed to but also
to produce more content for the shaycarl
channel simultaneously that's where we
got Brett editing the videos it's all
part of this new plan it's such a plan
I'm gonna create future team if your
eyeballs because what some entertainment
raise your hands if you like
entertainment I like entertainment shade
I guess we'll have a wireless connection
and the summer time full of nothing to
do I'll watch your videos that's what I
like I like those people all right so
we're headed to the meet end I look I'm
months feels good to be back in LA it
really does it's fresh there's people
out it's exciting it's definitely
exciting times exciting times for the
Shaytards okay cut it
Ryan creepy are you see like like I
wasn't me out there I'm excited where
that goes
I see Archie glad not every guy asks
magnanimous of a beard I could have
robbed you I'm here to rob you where is
my family
someone family very calm very calm Oh
baby what we all are gonna sleep in
would you build us a fort
you're gonna come show us right now have
you seen this hideout do you approve of
this hideout what are you doing oh great
she's on the web with her buddies again
let's go see this hideout
it better be awesome better be freaking
cooler than any hideout I ever built or
I'll tear it down to make you redo it to
my standard your standards are crap
according to the FCC I have documents
showing that your standards are lower
than they should be and I'll be flying
those reports you don't give me any more
food I promise I will tell me right out
oh it's a fort now come look inside it
is baby tart in there no I'll just peek
your head in let's see I can't see
there's not enough light Oh dad sweet so
you guys gonna sleep in here tonight all
right have fun
I'm gonna tour the port dome we're not
good at church cuz it's not up to code
sort of disturb us
there's the baby tart out what are you
doing up here Heidi just watch a movie
all by yourself what are you watching
just the dragon movie Todd leave us
alone watch a movie you guys ever
playing up there at all I'll be playing
up there as a kid up in the loft I'll be
shooting spit wads down here I'm Malachi
well and I didn't give many ideas are
you talking about where'd you get this
chair it came was in the house oh one of
the added bonuses how's that baby boy
doing Heiser near Ooty left daddy's back
from his media and he wants some roti
there is score yes
Oh
I laughing you're slobbering this is an
unhappy baby and I'm about sick of it oh
it's nothing Coldplay is like a raspy
laugh that's a doctor I could help you
but that's dog what are you doing really
smarts what
Oh Oh baby doors are you happy he's so
tired you look bad
what's he playing Pune bed right now
thank you what he's laughing hey would
you do him hi Oh cuddles
that's cute he's using your shoe as a
pillow there's a good baby
where are those other kids they hanging
out on their fort roughly don't call
them it's just us time yeah ha punkin ah
 food here he goes alright and
see you later bye the only way to get to
know our pile of manure is the climb on
top of it here we go
