guys like my glasses
you see I look super nerdy in these
glasses these are my other ego eyes that
are kind of broken cuz I can't find my
other ones right look nerdy no I like
cool I look cool sweet
so it's Father's Day we're having a few
people over for dinner tonight so mom
sent me to get a few things and to get
these kids out of her hair so she can
get dinner daddy you know stuff like
that I gotta get me out of there yeah
anyways so we're gonna go get some lamps
I have like a head cold
freeze head cuz we're spraying each
other with the hose and then I got in
the truck and I crank the AC and I'm
like my head is freezing because it was
like wet that's weird it's like I need a
an icy pop anyways I wanted to talk
about something interesting that happens
to all of us in life that's right let's
relate to each other okay that sounds
great gee I'd love to relate to you
I know birds on a wormhole are you
looking at me weird sometimes I'm weird
okay that's right
anyways I just want that to take part in
a big L a firetruck barreling down
Lincoln Boulevard lights blazed and
dudes like all these dudes on this fire
truck you can tell like they were going
to something that was serious and it's
just kind of cooled about how all the
cars I mean this road is packed
it is crazy it's like 5:30 on Father's
Day and there's always cars everybody
just respects this giant red machine
with these loud sirens everybody just
kind of gets over and everybody's like
kind of like almost hitting each other
bumping over and like blinker and come
on
traffic let me go there's my blinker
thanks for letting me in traffic you're
so nice
and everybody honks here it's so funny
the other day Mommy tarde pulled out
into the intersection and got stuck
because sometimes it'll be green and
you'll go through the intersection
because it's green to go to turn left
but then the traffic is so much that
you'll be stuck right in the middle of
the intersection and then the light to
go the other way will turn green and so
then the other cars can't go the other
direction cuz you're the last car in the
middle of the intersection I saw that
happen - mommy tired I was showing a
film because it was so funny I was like
oh no oh no it's gonna happen to her
she's gonna get stuck in the
intersection cuz I stopped I was like no
there's no way I'm going there I saw it
before it happened so it was still like
green but I'm like I'm not going out in
there and then it turns red and then
she's stuck and then of course you know
what happens everybody starts honking
their horn so I'm just like laying on my
horn life just screaming honking my horn
and it almost became this big job all
these people in the intersection just
starts like honking and laughs and it
was it was funny some people like really
pissed you can tell some people are
really pissed but then the other people
have a sense of humor like oh this is a
fun social economics moment that we're
all having anyways it was cool to have
that fire truck go by and just watch
everybody get out of the way it's like
all these people are following the same
rule we all know that we have to move
it's like we all have that in common we
all know like oh we hear that song at
sign that song that siren get over and
then of course in the fire truck that he
blaze us through the middle of the
pathway and you wonder where are they
going whose lives are they going to save
I should have filmed Hey Baby turn
though there's nice shoes you got there
you got their clogs on what Klopp Klopp
Klopp
I don't think four sizes too big what
are we going that is how you get into a
Home Depot you guys trying to lead us
down dark alleys baby charred I like
those shoes what kind of shoes are those
there what time Oh beautiful I love the
smell of the wood department at Home
Depot oh it's almost like a tire store I
love having done construction before
just the smell of lumber is really take
a
nostalgic now are you sucking your thumb
how about a punch you square in the jaw
what are you doing
take a left one yeah let's see you ski
walking some tired has learned a new ski
walk
wow you look like a loser now guys I am
about to be in trouble I just felt it
all sudden I just kind of woke up for my
little home depot days I realized that
we have people coming over for dinner
tonight and that mommies they're cooking
and if they start showing up and I'm not
there be careful jeez what what I'll see
you later losers
someone's gonna eat it I'm waiting for
it no okay
stop so you can't switch it to picking
your nose that's not any better what
wasn't so good when so much just picking
my nose anyway right I'm gonna get a
text from a guitar that she's good where
are you Larry not here so I just got
some fans and slaps and we're headed
back home now now we're hustling cause
we're gonna be in trouble by smelling it
so good huh baby turtles make it we're
making roti
maybe turn up man they're like packed
full of flour
they're like little black balls these
are beautiful and I hit you in the face
with this one I really want to be in the
face with this one can you do the band
oh it's stretching out together
there's below zero no throwing and it
happened way too much sparkling cider
tonight I need another one rock tired
hush it up yeah really this is our
makeup oh yeah we are
princess sorry baby time come on show me
your makeup towards the start I think I
think you need to do her makeup for your
shirt Barney you just hold still won't
start your makeup my personal make
wrinkles so Qasim is making lemonade
that our neighbors we have these nice
neighbors that brought us over a basket
of lemons where are they
oh sorry my guitar we're cooking these
guys know this oh my that's the last one
that's so loving sent our show me the
baskets of lemons huh max
hey my name's rock garden I like to wear
wrath as a necklace yeah so our nice
neighbors they just brought us over this
fruity bright basket a woman's isn't
that nice to them so we're making
lemonade out of it Kassem you better
that lemonade done in five minutes
hey Cortney face hi where's your flower
go we had a big flower fight over here
baby tire with the instigator know Seth
Lee was the instigator brick the start
has her crown on what is max hungry
what's the matter mommy's homeworks
what's matter momma's hey hello Mase
look at this guy this is Malachi's rug
this is totally his rug he just like
finds a soft little rug and just chills
right here I love this is my favorite
part out of this house look at these
giant stores just open out to the
outside there's Lisa no Lisa nuba knob
there's zoom are you just talk to your
dad is he gonna start a channel Yeah
right yeah my brother just started a
channel right yeah yeah her dad's
hilarious their dad these are these two
are not dating the in fact they're
brother and sister happy Father's Day
did you call your job today roll call
no he lost it all on a track somewhere
down in Louisiana hey there's our place
home tours they already play we're
playing earlier I think somebody has a
new best friend
whoa it's your twin sister all right
let's see you're as handsome nice whoa
you didn't do a back handspring almost
there maybe it's our nice move every
time let's see it that's it
nice baby darn watch me watch me okay go
go go
oh nice job all you kids are so annoying
Oh double cart will three cartwheels I
don't believe it one two three oh nice
dude that was sweet
hey everybody I just want you all to
know that princess star just did three
ice Hartwell's just jump on he's like a
he's like a rock okay Center you're
about to give lisanova piggyback ride go
what do you do get you sidesaddle is
that a horse
this isn't the 1800s Lisa okay yeah nice
job
all right that's these legs yeah where
did you just come from the dance parlor
daddy you're in the way he's a strong
little boy he is good job dude up top
yeah my dad made me left all his weird
friends when we moved to California and
my back just went out after that oh now
see on his back see you later okay we
are giving daddy turn his Father's Day
present
yeah that's pretty oh that's cool just
look at those colors Oh beat Father's
Day your dad I love you so much you are
the best dad in the world thank you your
holiness Oh where's your card
oh is it right there
our open this one now you like long yeah
God happens they smell good plastic
rubber a lot that's what we thought huh
and mostly don't you love our wrapping
paper ji q fh h IH h EF f ing do not
suspect ever oh that's pretty who's that
David oh okay you color all this good
job
somebody actually gave those to us yeah
we were thinking lines of Vikings right
like it you know I'm gonna be doing a
lot of Viking are you gonna carry that
there dad that's kind of heavy you need
to already get that dude let me help you
okay wait wait wait you want do you want
our next okay this is the big one and
rock hard cooking asleep rock are you is
this good I mean yes it was so expensive
we're gonna play some ladder ball I
guess it's the ladder ball their ladder
ball and you guys know who's actually
speaking of ladder ball Casey and Caylee
are coming to LA on July 2nd er twice
July so we could play this it's uncle
Casey and Caylee is wanna up top there
more there's more time and you fix it
out all herself
I love you dad that is so pretty dude I
like this car see your mom she's like
the Hulk that's how it is huh
and she's always like a giant lion monza
quiet like a giant green x-men the girl
no way cooler than the girl that's this
is this is a what's the big that's the
red oh this is good for my biking yeah
yeah you're all set for biking and
ladder ball thank you guys I appreciate
it
oh I'm dying I literally am dying please
somebody save me
