he's
alright ladies what are we doing here so
you're asking me to decide which one of
a year my daughter's did the best
artwork cuz that were you asking me to
do you're asking me to choose which one
did a better job well I will not do that
because I love you equally okay I like
here's the best baby turn I like yours
too come here I like yours because look
you have a little bug on yours and I
think that's cute
hey where's your eye I see you Percy you
pissed lead on the ladybug on yours oh
let me see the back
I didn't see the back turn that over I
don't know the other way oh great now
you've dropped it you're ruining
everything
no turn it around the other way I didn't
see that side bring their heel and
orange like bread which one do you like
where's your eyes I see you do it oh
you're adorable there's your eyeball I
see your eyeball hey wait do that again
hole that up to your eyeballs hold it up
Jerry well soon as a joke and I
seriously just poked her right in the
face okay hold your eye up there poke it
so you never see again
go ahead she really did vote me
revengeance the best revengeance is that
word vengeance and revenge is
revengeance mark it down Wikipedia Oh
who's this new guy is this brother
should I be nice to him or buy this face
off his personals like boys fat cat
later today right if I offended you cut
that out later in Hannity leave it we're
leaving it in so friends helping me set
up the Dropbox so also I'm gonna have to
do is we're gonna share a file a folder
and also I'll do is I'll plug the camera
in I'll drag all the files over into the
folder that we share and then he'll be
able to see them on his computer and
then you'll be able to edit them then
once the edits the file he'll drop it
back in the folder and then I'll be able
to check it and then I'll yell at him
cuz he did it wrong and tell him to redo
it and I have an elephant well who
doesn't nice days well how embarrassing
I guess I just made my own Shaytards
folder you did put intros your desktop
is way more organized than - look at
this crap I just got stuff encoded is it
really red and orange what do they all
mean Wow
let's say this is where I put projects
and videos and final cut which I'm gonna
teach you see one is a one that equal
target mini to get your nan action hey
no problem helping you clean up the
kitchen today I like to help out as much
as I hear I spent my whole entire
morning cooking lunch breakfast cleaning
these kitchen counter clocks it's not
easy I'm uploading the vlog right now I
just changed a diaper
she loses one by forfeit all right I'm
done cleaning do the rest
hey Bret this door are you ready hurry
up we're leaving you you're gonna be
here now so
yes okay sorry
so we just uploaded the vlog and you
guys are being mean to Brett about the
editing too many jump cuts Brett you're
fired
Tina oh your session is over all right
so listen this is a this is a learning
process for all of us because we are
going into this new phase of our lives
let's just have an open frank discussion
with all of us here now Brent is now
part of the family so give them
suggestions don't be mean like who the
hell under to guess I want a book with
me out a hawk stick I want for us to be
earlier in the day I want you want a
soft bloated on time rain and also like
new intros that you guys are making I
just found the new one and the one that
we use yesterday like I see you guys
communicate with Brent what do you guys
want and he's gonna do he'll change the
editing if you want less jump cuts
that's fine I mean sometimes I just feel
like I'm like - I'm like talking too
much I'm like you know I'm just home you
know cut that kind of stuff out of there
but well this role does work with it's
let's all learn together thank you for
helping however this is a big open
discussion so what do you guys think
what do you want us to do for the intros
I know you guys like certain intros some
of you don't we thought about actually
I'm shooting a Shaytards intro we'd get
the kids we'd all go down there we'd all
get dressed up and make an actual
Shaytards intro you guys want that and
we'll just keep that because I kind of
like when you guys make them because I
like to see the different kinds I love
that's what's fun about its interactive
yeah some really terrible really good
but I like seeing the deposition you
ready practice our thanks we going to
the beach right away now we're going to
the beach we have to go shopping we
gotta get some stop and then we're going
over the beach alright okay guys so um
thanks for the UH employee anyways
anyways so Brett thanks for learning
okay
shoppin you guys ready where's your
sister where's maybe turn
well maybe go put your solicitor on if
we go to the beach and you want to get
in the water than fine I don't care
you might freeze to death though some
tire doesn't carries like a whales swim
anything I mean is thick skin like is
dead we don't have the we have the
boogie board we bring it all right okay
you guys I am so happy to be where I'm
at right now and normally it's not that
like I'm really a happy place to be but
for me it is cuz I'm so excited look
what's happening they are detailing my
truck right here at this what the place
is called but I Drive by it all the time
and finally I'm getting my a truck clean
in all those bugs like watching them
nice yes
spray all that what are you doing movie
star huh just out here enjoying the Sun
with the shades on
would you buy there give them a vital
box juicy box this is all the rage right
now it's very hip to drink these is that
is that so cool what do you want ask
your uncle Qasim to buy it
daddy toy doesn't have any money uncle
Kasim's on equals three he's got lots of
money I'll be your new father
losers to their own device just lost two
of my kids see you guys you'll be
calling me in a week trust me ha like
we're like 12 hours no sugar at 5
o'clock what it's after 5:00 dude oh
five o'clock somewhere have some sugar
kids what are you gonna get are you
gonna get which one this is a lot about
your personality by what you choose yeah
maybe turned what are you in a pic how
excited they are that's what you're
getting let's see what is it alright
babies are pick which one do you want
hurry I want the same one just like her
big sister Oh
that's the faces of people go get it
from the man thank you guys so much
it is very clean Seiden it's all squeaky
it seems like it's almost like it's a
brand-new truck now it's almost like
it's a brand smells getting here too
shiny I could never get the windows that
show I feel so much better now it's like
alright what are we doing what are we
cooking in here I used emu starting
already
yeah nice so how long is it tail well
forty to sixty minutes Darius
and those are big ones do those look
huge should I take a while okay so steak
yeah we're steaming the chokes and this
is really funny mommy card the water oh
good good good
you know we like of nutrients this is
actually mommy tards little death
careful
this is her workstation she set up the
speakers and all the stuff so play that
video that you are watching and it's
only a minute 19 and now I know how to
make an artichoke deliciously it's like
YouTube's a tool they told alert how to
do everyday theme and this is how I
learned how to make better roti that you
love oh I know it makes for that I
actually bought this stuff to make it it
did rock we make it tonight make it
tomorrow okay promise pinky it up
Sneasel piggy it there it is folks help
me know what did we do do you like it
minor minor landscaping we put these
little lights out here and I was she was
wanting to like punch them all up like
around the tree oh that's pretty it's
pretty put your face by it again though
that's pretty you're gorgeous and then
so these little lights
I said let's put a mic on around the
corner of the yards yeah there's solar
power totally solar-powered so we got
our little tree lights out here I'm
excited for when it's really dark I
think you know I want to go get more
that's right
this reminds me of the year is like
Christmas lights I want to like having
like every three feet we're gonna get
rid of the bush we haven't you know
figured that out yeah we're pretty
little booze booze food yeah we want to
get rid of the bush because we don't
like it it's too big there's probably
eight hundred kajillion spiders living
it up I mean look how big of a waste of
space that is right we can move that
when you get a fire pit a hot tub come
on let's do it wait put a bush it
ridiculous bush we're I not liking this
bush
I like bushes shaved all right so every
night
this is valachi's news station this lady
said this food is full I don't like this
tool boxes this is the malachite feeding
station
night this is a little well I say every
night we've been here like three minutes
but this is what we do and he just
stands there and he watches me every
time we do this they're watching me oh
whoa what's going on that's that's the
inner monologue that I hear in my head
every night as I'm preparing matter
believe me
hope you like the buddy hope you liked
it I hope you like the new house I've
been really worried about my buddy cuz
he has been you could tell you something
really nervous because of the dire is
well that just like you know he just
knows there's an old dog we've been
living at house he's smart and I was
like where are we going
yeah isn't this look on his face I
thought her moving like you just tell
he's really uneasy you know by these I
think starting like the new house he ran
around and for all of tonight that's a
good sign for all look he's a good sign
kids love the Frog producer right now
dinner's served
mommy turn what do we got here we got
delicious artichoke dip a little mayo if
you want a little butter got some stuff
here for wraps
there's the chicken routes whistles
delicious vegetable Kath what do you
think that smells so you're such a
racist princess sorry just because it's
Mexican food all right
well they're wrapped so we're doing
wraps we got tortillas and then you get
the chicken and what are these tortillas
got some cheese you guys what do you say
the mom is this delicious baby guard
your pill cedilha has arrived there you
go hey what did I just give you guys a
trick Elsa Billa eat your Casa della
right now what is what's the name of the
llama what's the name of the llama on
Napoleon Dynamite it you're a true
what's the llamas name though I can't
remember leave in the comments below
sundar do you remember making yourself a
Colt cedilla
looks delicious well you should Hilario
a jerk walls the Dolans oh look how
obnoxious they are this is what we have
celeb where mom you are a freaking
mastermind dude you're a hit the tacos
were delicious the artichokes were
scrumptious
you see baby turns braid I did that
today I braided her hair like that
you got your cats Adela sit down and
shut your mouth baby guard hasn't even
had one bite yet if she's had one bite
for every time she said taste the
diligent eating all the case the villas
in southwest Texas go eat you get to
delegate to dilla place you ready for
that and then you at that point you
punch her right in the face
we're spying on your adorableness baby
just like a ween yeah you guys are
adorable I love you yeah he's happy now
he's got two pretty girls around him who
wouldn't be happy in those situations I
know I am
