babytard you're singing your book that's
sounds so good I redeem it you're
reading the bus sounds like you're
singing it Josh alright what are you
guys doing sit slightly right before
this look on thief what's up this looks
messy well we are making a mess to clean
spiderwebs the dirt ball my ball my
brother's tick you're standing on the
scrubber that looks so much better it
doesn't that play here in this corner
wait laughs why does that funny how it
works like you're making a mess to clean
yeah it is like a big mess but it's
gonna look sweet when it's done yeah
this patio to be the sweetest patio of
California me so l a rock out you sanam
shaycarl you suck you you got to get
real something wet
and you're about to Malaysia never did
that first audience up to you you choose
to travel down that course son tarde
that's the choice you have to make and I
understand you get to make that choice
but just know there will be consequences
to your actions so you're gonna go dad
my father's day oh but I you treat your
daddy on Father's okay spray down here's
where this work you guys are doing it
right how you like that you like that
you gotta my patio so do you want this
what's this you're like an old a
freaking crazy of it wrong yeah right
you turn the doctor says always working
and give me oh come here you wanna play
with us oh look doing right now did you
like that out I'm gonna come on here
take the one that keep working you can
play and work at the same time and we're
gonna keep scrubbing fate come on that
charge you need a bath anyways look at
you come stand over here if you're
bouncing come on I'm trying the party
down sir sons are
good bouncing she needs a Jesus this is
one take sunday we're going to take it
out of the family mom's making curry and
roti tonight remember our pinkie swear
know you guys haven't seen that part yet
anyways around here getting the patio
having to get Sunday happy Father's Day
to me set up these father's day of me
okay hope you guys have a happy father's
day love you see you guys bye
