hey mister mrs. duck you guys out on a
date what are you guys doing out at the
Costco huh what we're just getting some
mustard for our bills wonder what would
happen if I honk my horn right now
should we say ready nothing not a thing
sir
I dare you to get out and go try to pet
that duck you dare do it okay let's see
it
hold on you can watch it when I upload
it to YouTube and your seat in the hump
there's these random ducks just sitting
out here go slowly go slowly oh they're
out of here Jason okay stop
where'd they go hi are we rolling is the
lighting bad we're good tree fix the
lighting over here you're such a
cinematographer a lot enough paid you
turn my microphone are rolling sweet
sound che cards in the bathroom would
put the product placement ahead take 14
and people who make pro strength liquid
plumr oh snap I hate your guts no you
listen okay I don't
let me just explain the situation okay
this is a real life moment we are here
in the whole of our new home there's a
naked baby you got show the naked baby
this baby will watch all of our kids
okay so here we are where we're watching
the baby the girls are asleep on the
couch sometimes chilling here with mom
and dad
the boys and girl is mom and dad like
what you're saying our dead dude listen
this is a fire I'm ranting right now we
have a clogged toilet it's like you know
not are you kidding me why would you
internet you guys may not want to see I
want you to know this serious of it
we're not going to show you I'm like
we're up to our ankles in feces right
now I'm gonna shower
no you want to see our kids poop next is
that what we're gonna do no I'm gonna
tell you this one of the four children
that we have passed out of our faces
clogged this toilet today I'm not gonna
name names I'm not gonna name names do
not say we do not want we don't want you
know a backlash
we don't want a lawsuit on our hands but
one of the children put a real stress in
mom and dad it's one of those situations
when there's about a half a ton of
toilet paper and the biggest longest hey
what's happening this is what I'm
experiencing its what a blog is
I'm explaining what's how we might like
this is the real-life situation it's
gross and it's steep and today you mind
you I came in here turn the fan on try
to blow it out this is a heater fan so
imagine that mess on the toilet when I
walk in there it's about 50 degrees
hotter thank you I want
it's got water turn it off because they
can hear fans like heat up the whole
bathroom so we put it by the plunger
today they don't have a Costco went to
Albertsons Albertsons doesn't sell
plungers so they're offering Albertsons
either they're out right right that's
what to reverse so I go let's get some
of this crap the toilet
by the way had not overflowed yet it was
just this big mess yeah did you imagine
you know about three inches above the
rim that wouldn't go anywhere we didn't
dare you know do anything with it you go
up in this situation before you like
crap what do i do i turn it off anyway
it's like we got this crowd in here we
poured it in their hand
also I'm like oh I think it's working
something's happening and we're like
looking at like it's a science
experiment me a mom you know they've
been watching it's kind of bubbling all
of a sudden the water starts coming up
right whoa what's the racing they at
first was like oh good that's right am I
gonna come up and settle let's go and go
down right prank stop coming up now also
we start getting this panic like what do
we do it's like all said like look
where's the knowledge in my brain where
is that located I'm trying to pull up
that information like where do I need
this on my desktop so I'm I downloaded
folders where's that information so it's
like I pulled off the lid and I'm
looking in there and just show this part
don't show that in the toilet just show
this so I'm in here and I'm like pulling
this to about usually you pull this tube
out it doesn't like pull this up and I
could remember that I pulled this up and
nothing was working in the water she
kept coming up and I'm like turn the
water I have down here and I got to the
water button you can see there's water
all over the floor and I turn the water
off at the very last second so it did
start what it did it overfill and now we
got dirty towels twinness mark these
towels I never wanted to drive my body
with these towels again the towels let's
just throw them out anyways thanks for
watching today's episode monster by
liquid plumr who ruins a good night in
your new house we probably just used it
improperly you do other than pour it in
the toilet that was for the bottom of
toilets made first why are you making
excuses for the product that just made
us walk in poop true fight you got a
fight
what are you doing making baby oh are
you doing with me all right
bye hey guys oh good I want to clean up
don't worry dude I feel like this
kitchen may never be clean no I promise
oh this kitchen will be clean no I don't
believe it even after I sing the song
you keep driving there's gonna be a
night listen here's here's exactly
listen to my description of this plan of
events there's gonna be a night where we
come down the stairs or we come out of
the bathroom and this has this this area
is gonna be perfectly clean shining
floors polished everything put away and
we're gonna have candles out that is how
you know something is officially clean
who would candles there's gonna be like
two nice candles lit that are like
making the house smell really good and
it's all the lights are gonna be all on
as you like this is our house your room
it looks great but we're a long way from
clean up the vomit okay so um check this
out - is there a light I thought there
should get a light over this area again
yeah that was last night
Rock turns rock dirt came into their
sockets everywhere sorry Council for the
poop on your hands so here's our new
little like a family desk area we got
our speakers and the iMac is that I just
call iMac so I love stupid if I don't
know that anyways so I love this little
area because the windows were out there
it's really nice huh we just uploaded a
vlog of Brock tard on the phone we
thought it was hilarious and maybe we're
just biased because we're his parents
so we're like we gotta upload the Smith
internet immediately everyone in the
world has to see this
so funny mood that's what mommy turned
out like a pitchfork and a whip and
she's like oh that footage Dora ball and
then you know I got all these scars and
I'm bleeding and so I'm like I'm
uploading it and she say anyways so we
uploaded that vlog I kind of forgot with
all that drama I'm reading the comments
on this new little rock chart video that
we just put up and this pre-roll comes
up we roll sell out so we all know that
pre-roll ads are a part of YouTube we
just all admit that at this point can we
all just be honest with each other
there's gonna be some advertising on the
internet site YouTube Hey
ever heard of Google I've heard of
google.com guess what it's a business
and you know what businesses like to do
they like to help men know they like to
make money so there's a nice right is
that what businesses like to do right
who doesn't raise your hand if you hate
money and not because you think it
corrupt society raised yeah raise your
hand if you don't like money because you
don't like whatever I'm just trying to
say that what we're trying to say what
listen okay I love this pre-roll uh it's
my favorite pre-roll ad of all ad
pre-roll ads I've ever seen I've already
watched this pre-roll ad six times and
loved it every time this is my ideal
life dream as I was a kid as a 16 year
old junior okay watches no not nature
mouth dang it
where is it come back nature's unique oh
snap oh snap we can't upload this nature
is you know where it was the Nike
commercial make sure monkey monkey
monkey Oh shucks monkey is nature's
unique I ever embarrassed we can't
afford this
not that one I'm just trying to find
hang it I want us to be real time though
man it wasn't okay I'll just tell you
guys it was the Nike commercial boy wait
let me Charles
look at that bruise Ashton Kutcher on
the front page of YouTube it's our video
come on get yeah yeah yeah this is it
this is it this is it I love this
this pre-roll is awesome look at the
lighting it's so exciting
there's big I don't even know that it is
are you kidding me
surf sand and water skateboards hot
dudes I watch this every day that week I
don't care whose video I'm watching I
love this P relax right it grind it I'm
gonna up well you're right I'm gonna buy
a night I love Nike for making this app
look it's shut at night wait a minute
look at they shot that at night I
can't rewind this it's just do you
understand I'm every sean whyte wanna be
there is the world right this is the
coolest thing to me extreme sports I
want to be every one of the dudes in
this video that dude who the guy that
does that he deserves some of my buddy
some fireworks and snowboards so cool oh
then there then there's the stupid
traitorous video I promise you I'm not
getting paid a dime for this I love that
pre-roll that is an amazing pre-roll I
was like say I said everything is shot
at night and then this giant like the
spotlight and the student jumped off
this clip on a snowboard in the dark
like I've done something like that and
never in the dark you know what I don't
care people Amy shut up you know well I
will jump off something the dark I'll
jump off you the dirt hey you guys we
have been so busy in our new house and
my kids get out of the kitchen to eat so
I came outside to bring them their
waters and here's what I found hey guys
did you set yourself up a little picnic
you look so cute
don't let it go to your headstone no
really seriously you guys are cute
so what are we having for lunch sandwich
macaroni and cheese
you're such a jerk oh now it's the new
thing if you're cool tip your chair over
if you're cool maybe charter you school
no I am NOT cool
no don't you don't have to tip your
chair over your pretty dang cool as it
is you don't need to work are they tippy
after tippy chairs stupid chairs are you
guys will enjoy your lunch I like you Oh
Los Angeles how you love your traffic
and smog here we are on the 405 anybody
who's ever driven in LA knows the 405 is
quite the mess it's quite the
contraption of contempt as like Mercedes
and Lexus ha's and Priuses and Range
Rovers lots of nice vehicles in
California that's it's one thing I
definitely could tell out of all the
places I've traveled is that California
people love their nice cars I mean it's
not good enough to have a Toyota or
Honda you got to have the Lexus or the
Mercedes or the BMW or the Range Rover
or a Prius lots of Priuses anyways I'm
headed right now to go shoot an episode
of Annoying Orange with Bob gins Bob Jim
Bob James buck James I'd like to call
him and he is gonna see the process of
how the whole thing works
I shot one Episode a while back it's
been today almost a year ago maybe I was
a cabbage in the first episode that I
was in on Annoying Orange and I had to
shave my beard but they found a new way
to do it where I don't have to shave my
beard will explain when we get there for
now I must deal with this traffic going
through the canyon wish me luck my
compadres wish me luck
how's the wife gonna be mad that it
looks like you made out with Smurfette
so this is what we're doing for Annoying
Orange normally you'd have to shave cuz
you don't do this with everybody if this
me doesn't have a beer normally like
Charles Trippy he kind of has like some
scruff going on we had to put the the
blue stuff on his mouth so this is like
you're gonna chroma key basically
explain out because you won't shave that
gosh darn beard my trademark
this is like reminds me of a Halloween
horror out of I gotta go more bigger
Kimber Bobby Bobby J Bobby chance
everybody Jen's like when you open your
mouth oh yeah
so explain what's going on why why am I
doing this well we've got to put blue on
his face because we're going to key out
Shea's beard because he doesn't have a
safe indoors usually want a clean-shaven
face like mine so you can sort of blend
that that face into the fruit or
vegetable of the episode but rather than
making our boy shave the same thing
Charles Trippy did little blue mosquito
like a Capri on a green screen or blue
screen and we're good to go you never
buy them yeah we're talking about wheezy
waiter this was his idea actually cuz he
don't wanna shave his beard either so he
started off with putting blue tape and
then kind of move yeah he's like I
shouldn't have used duct tape so they
got this paint perfect now you should
you should have a healthy respect for
what your wife goes through when she
puts makeup on every day exactly and
potato today you're a potato when you
have a clean-shaven face you don't have
to worry about putting all kinds of
makeup all over your face and stuff you
can't tell this is Kevin he is grandpa
lemon in the annoyed or how many
episodes have you been in now I don't
know how many episode I've been in
because I've never been much of a
counter literally does not account it's
embarrassing I've been in about that 13
or 14 I of course the alien episodes
bobbies the the grapefruit throat and
you and what if what have you what have
you played before yeah that's right you
played the cabbage that was good because
it was like big oh good oh my god
hysterical
it looks really we ready to shoot this
got to get the tracking dot my nose has
a dot on it so that kind of just helps
like alright let's go
we're done you look like an idiot we do
on your nose II know you don't even have
a line in the you know any orange use
your eyes that's it
rolling hey it's red welcome back to
another episode of aw come on I'm
vlogging here now considering that che
che straight I don't think he's quite
guy yeah hey can you do it like shaycarl
the way he does you know I'm
here you guys ready okay we have a
present for our buddy Qasim that we got
when we were in Yellowstone National
Park have you ever been to Yellowstone
National Park I have never been ever
Cassim I've never ever ever been to
Yellowstone have you ever been to
Yellowstone Bret never never ever see
you guys these guys have never been
there this is like a cool place to go
super lucky that you even got to go
there in your lives once why don't you
be great for children yeah that's all
just rockin you need a sail all right so
we got what do we get cast them we got
them a very stereotypical honey listen
to this so I said to Castle was it hey
dude I got you this present but it's
kind of dumb it's really stereotypical
and he goes it's all right dude I love
Wolves okay so give mr. president we
found this for you in Yellowstone
National Park and we wanted to get it
for you it is actual wolf poop who
wrapped this we got it have the wrapped
it the wrapper is actually the lady who
sold it to us
Oh she right there taking total that's
great that's sweet
it's like this little box yeah I don't
know you like put stuff in and beautiful
how many wolves are on there either
how many wolves kids count how many whoa
this is the Alpha that's gotta be there
che I'm the elf man there's mommy really
great because I have a lot of things
that are small going to be together
yeah thanks Bret Bret ending today's
vlog actually thank you for guys trying
to get it to fit in you don't want to
lose those things it's cedar - right no
I was gonna say that cedar yeah nothing
but the best for you castle
easy
