the youngest are yes that's rock look
your baby PNE ain't gonna stop CML sing
all the time with the big smile give
this baby that we'll see in a while and
baby Tarts lawn when she takes a bath
three years old so you do the math
anything's possible with baby tard front
cover of James Bond's album art yeah
mrs. Turner she's fabulous
life of the stars she's extravagant
Chris she might get a bit hyper at times
but I guess that it runs in the family
lie and son tart man full of funk and
soul souls move whenever the music says
no yes is all the time yeah dance I'm
commanding a dancing your dreams in
across the land and we got two heads of
the house one was like line one squeaks
like a mouse with the love shine through
computer screen Jay Carl kitty let cap
is a team we are fast
remember this place dude number la their
old stomping grounds huh you remember
living here are you sleeping been a long
car ride hasn't it we've driven 860
miles can you believe it long ways 860
miles a napkin face leather you billet
napkin face you look pretty eyes Oh put
it back up I just want to see your eyes
see you're a lot prettier I can just see
your eyes oh no make them pretty eyes
could it put it like triangular ways
like wrap it around your face is my
problem
let's do it like diagonal like a 45 okay
so we are at an old favorite spot of
ours we're at Tony what is it called
it's a bad lighting oh you're right uh
backlighting what was I thinking you're
better at that sometimes than I am when
I'm editing
I like yell at myself I'm like what was
I thinking you can't point the camera
directly at the sunlight see my face
such a noob sometimes it's like I've
never vlog before anyways we're here at
Tony P's dockside Grill and we are
literally dockside how does it feel to
be dockside frizzes dog I know where we
at guys are we in Los Angeles yeah later
oh snap here comes the calamari with the
cocktail that's delicious
Zephyr you present start thank you
appreciate it does look delicious
we're back in LA dinner yeah this is our
appetizer of choice we finally made it
to LA rocked our didn't die during the
ride did you rock art yes I do it was a
horrible ride I hated every second he's
in a good mood is he's out of this car
seat line link you want a calamari dude
yes I do
I'll bring the drugs oh but it's he
doing move it on through come on traffic
move it on through that's what he is
saying
we're back in LA this traffic is crazy I
didn't teach him of the spider song what
it better started the song rain came
down washed the spider out
watch the water I could only do it one
hand you know and dry me Oh like this
one washing the spiders out it's hard
you gotta watch the spiders oh you do oh
yes no maybe we just got here we just
went to our house and the people that
live there before us are actually still
moving out so we've said okay you guys
get moved out we're gonna go eat dinner
the time we come back you better have
your stuff out we're going to burn this
house to the ground
so we're grabbing some food and then
we're gonna go move into our new house
who wants to come help us move reach and
meet us at our new address you're gonna
help us really care a lot which is 124
South 9th Street come check us up send
us a package it's not our address
whoever lives on 124th South Knight
Street we're gonna get a lot of cool
stuff about got a fraud or the court
give me 200 to drop the Frog dude so
good at darts oh okay so you guys think
mr. what a day what a day new Schmidt
everyone day what closer to them is Eric
he the camera wasn't working and he said
full battery off of a Kunis and I'm
crackin
why you old lots of cameras I've been
doing daily vlogs we're gonna hook and
then mommy try to plug the battery off
and sure enough it worked and I want to
talk smarted how many so we're here in
our new house I have BDI
aka brought the injured man with Charlie
Sheen's
doing what we're doing serious so we're
good dude he's like stash a high on
something somewhere I have no shoes got
the intern Charlie Sheen so this is my
buddy Brad he was running he was like in
the top what top 50 top 50 of Charlie
Sheen's interns so we're about to move
mattress downstairs let's catch the
train is ready okay oh I wash it you
can't flip this look at the way I'm go
straight down but then just take hold on
as long as you can wait Derek you should
write it down I will you will get I will
shut up
this is another one okay one you're
gonna do oh I dress no no yeah you feel
good huh
you see a garret catcher are you scared
this is aa little this is dangerous
no I'll get you this is really ready
here you are do it okay we're in the new
house best friends in the world
oh thank you these bros help us move man
up top Roberts going I want to shoot a
movie right over else I mean that's like
my favorite dude I was in it I wish I
could make out with Elijah Wood not to
see that are you are you are you
braiding British arts hair I'm just
pinching the top really stretchy this
she's so stressed out we're stressed
you remember Qasim I don't think she did
I grew the mustache so I could be your
creepy uncle - yeah punch him in the
face she genuinely wants to hurt you
that's back there
what's with your naked baby it's why is
there a naked baby in here
not office snapper sub dard beat him up
beat him up get your scissors
beat him up bunch of in the place Bobby
tard Qasim killed bitches she's guy
though
and misses all that was done right the
start is that your fault or is this
under it's fall for tackling Kasim your
sister knows hey have you ever seen the
movie Rudy this is Rudy - right here
tackling them in the backfield the nice
tackle dogs just plowed Cassim right
into this baby carriage I'm out of here
do you guys tomorrow this is my jammies
you're right what do you think about our
new house they've Attard Haiti Freddy
it's pretty mommy talking about our new
house it's pretty hey son tard has
already set up his room we've been here
literally we had our buddies come here
and help us move everything in but son
tar has been very busy working on his
own room you guys ready to see it
let's get a little tour please
yes oh snap you've already found a
hanger for your hats where are we going
now - oh is this whose bathroom is this
way move away who's fine
what okay but years and who else's just
mine what you get your own bathroom bowl
monkey balls I'm calling bull monkey
balls on you right now my friend who
else shares this wait a minute hold on
I'll just look what is this what is that
is that a is that a try copper rain
shower head fitting is that what that is
okay I just I'm just checking up this is
travertine is this travertine marble
here in your shower okay so what's going
on Oh a brand new sink oh that's sweet
cool it ups another more copper fitting
branded toilet okay that's funny but
seriously who else is sharing this bath
with you nobody whose is it
nobody is just fine tell you what you're
pretty lucky kid I know you know what I
love you I love you all right you guys
guess what my bad
you guys have to pee in the backyard
because that's the only bathroom in the
house I love you're my favorite
mommy dog bird where's mommy tard
oh he has more to show us my gosh dude
you have set everything up we've
literally been here for like seven
minutes of your book setup got your
glasses in your own little cubby hole
what are those books and DVDs an
assortment of educational material
what's this is this where you're gonna
rock at night and then me and mom are
gonna be pissed with like so door turn
off your amplifier we're gonna ground
you you're like being hearing like I'm
gonna be the next Kurt Cobain you know
what I live in Venice Beach down on the
musician I'm gonna play to my heart's
content I don't care my mom and dad says
they understand my artistic rhythm by
the way if you need an album cover just
call me I got a couple kids that can do
that for you okay
all right thanks bro there she is
where are you going are you leaving us
why do you have a person a baby on your
hip I thought we were going to Beverly
what's going on
I just want my bottle so no hugging that
my bottle I'll be so happy
hurry go ahead and spin that out all I
can just going to need it I don't are
you doing that vlogging thing oh that's
cute damn it seriously I really are you
done making my bottle I love you ladies
and gentlemen may I present to you the
cutest ma I am officially saying as
daddy tard that is officially registered
that is officially the cutest moment in
Shaytards history I'm saying it right
now I'm putting my foot down that was
the cutest do not deny me that hey what
are you doing what are you doing little
apple tard
you see Apple tard appletini tard baby
try what you think about our new house
do you love it this is the spot right
here that goes upstairs the TV got a
couch right here fireplace what do you
done whoa
got our picture it's official our family
pictures up we got our fireworks oh we
just bought for some reason a fireplace
that you got one of those right I mean
who doesn't have one of those and then
the kitchens in here there's a you know
a bar they're going to go get some
stools they left some of their furniture
which is nice so we got a table already
I'm uploading the vlog right now and
then this is the kitchen tan Brown this
granite is called tan Browns the color
of it I've done a lot of jobs in this
color there's a microwave and then it
has new dishwasher and then there's a
sink undermount that's nice an
undermount sink what I'm changing
spit it out but base okay
why don't you write it down and then
email it to me later and then look
there's one of those lights and I you
just hung this up hi
I hung that up all by myself look I
centered it so it's in the center right
I put little plant underneath there is
Matt cute you're changing what the back
can spray into a bathroom you're gonna
do a back flip I can't do it because I
change it into a back flip yeah back
handspring it's a perfect 10 oh look at
this this is my favorite part is these
double doors open so watch you walk into
here I'll give you a walk in the front
door hello who is it oh hi come on in
let me just show you hang your keys
right there purse or whatever son tard
full of sup funk and soul
this is his bathroom there's his
toothbrush what do you want to show us
my hit stand hand okay let's see it
that's it uh look at Rock card I want to
do a handstand I'm a monster baby so
anyway if you walk in and then there's
stairs that go up there and then send
our dreams in there but I love this
watch double doors
boom boom cord go out to the back yard I
want to rip this bush out I told what a
day Derek I'll pay him to rip that Bush
out and we're going to build a fire pit
right there come out here in the
backyard and then their steps can climb
up and play in the tree what do you
think about that what are you doing
whoa nice maneuvers what are you gonna
do baby tard you show us we want to see
it whatever it is like he's guaranteed
NAT that was something right there I was
good well Kai still trying to decide if
he likes it
you aren't standing up good job there's
mommy tard no you're skinny you can
climb up there we're giving him a little
house tour
you can't can she's not too fat
we should get a hammock out here bird
fuck ah ha ha beautiful mommy tiberg
there's mr. apple face throw that Apple
on the ground you know you want to he's
throwing it on the ground like six times
it just keeps yeah it's like a tool
he'll just chuck it down and then I'll
run around and he'll find it like five
minutes later like oh yeah we got Apple
anyways so then you go back in here and
then there's like a couch out here and
chill out here what all right don't die
and then there's a door there's what is
that that's what oh crap off to Google
that I can't member what this is oh it's
a chair that's right then this goes into
mommy and daddy's room where we see a
the handguns and ammunition okay there's
my other gun anyway zip to unpack all
this stuff here's our bed there's a
couch in here we're gonna move this
couch the nice dress or check this out
this is built so well when I shut this
door the air is going to open that door
watch this ready
isn't that crazy and then when I open it
watch it sucks it in that's crazy I
don't know that's a good thing or a bad
thing anyways it's airtight
alright let's go upstairs wait this is
rock tards room this is gonna be his
room so moving everything in going
upstairs wait we're gonna show him some
card room real quick and look he is
already setting some stuff out he's got
his little dudes I think he just stabbed
him there height wise - it's pretty cool
then he's got these guys got his books
helmet his basketball he's got his um
what's that called a chair right right
right sure he has his books and his
shelves and all his little stuff even
has his own little desk where he's
starting like he's got his own crap in
here already
it's got his hats hanging up he's the
students moved in
out of everybody son card is moved in
more than anybody else he was in here
like all night - like midnight last
night sentence
that's right you are new you're moved in
more than anybody else so then right
through some cards or going to his
bathroom what you've already seen all
right pretty start your turn go up the
stairs okay upstairs you guys sleep
upstairs everybody else leaps downstairs
except for the girls they got their own
little castle up here
you guys are like Rapunzel up in your
little Tower so then you come up here
and yeah mommy's exercise bye
and then this is another TV and chairs
I'm not exactly sure what this is I
don't know if this house used to double
is like a post office or something but
there's all these like built-in cubby
holes and like greer desk things then we
had other TV up here this is like i
think for a projector to hang a
projector right there and watch movies
right there on that whiteboard and then
there's a loft that goes up there here's
another set of stairs and then this loft
goes upstairs it's just like a loft area
and then there's like this cool little
balcony thing here we might put some
plants on alright so let's see your
girl's room through these double doors
okay we don't want to get the cookie
things alright so here's the girls room
really cool beams in here these are like
ship beams the guy said there's their
bed and you show us your closet I got a
pretty cool closet it's like a
cedar-lined closet and they got all
their junk in here and their shelves and
their toys
oh okay well sorry to intrude on you now
we're gonna go see the girls bathroom
they got their very own bathroom
upstairs that's pretty sweet goal that's
real gold you guys know that those fake
pictures are real gold
yeah they're worth a lot of money so if
you ever need some cash just rip one of
those off and go sell it there's their
toilet what's that strawberry doing
right there let me just throw that away
so yeah that's about it this is a big
room I really enjoy this room it's like
really open I'll probably my desk right
here or something I don't know what are
you doing mommy tards go pear thinking
about putting my office up here actually
it might be kind of cool you're getting
trouble dude mommy dark khmer i lay down
to like you're hiding come here
come up here real quick and look at
something here like a mommy tart and the
rock and Roli old face picture starters
in this room somewhere I can see her
right now you have to find her
can you see it right there no that's a
good hiding spot dude
you can't see her at all right there
that's sweet she can't even see you did
yeah don't you guys actually shouldn't
get on that because somebody's gonna
fall off yeah
okay turn the video off seriously get
off of there right now
oh I got all the remote controls my name
is rock guard do we do it all those well
guys were I our new place the Shaytards
have found their new locale I guess
there's only one thing we're missing you
guys had an intro I know you got your
own intro do the intro again where
you're down like that and wait baby
guard scoot over you guys okay let's
let's take that from the top action
sometimes the music hasn't picked up
yeah come on listen to the music that's
the key to dancing as you listen to the
music you move to the vibe of the beat
right now it's slow
nice nice nice yours ready for this you
ready to break it down that we're up
long mmm and it felt so strong in whoa
oh nice spin alright we're home welcome
home everybody yes tomorrow
