Shh mommy's art mama jar Shh quiet he's
on an important business call okay so
look can you have those son over me in
the morning I don't care my fax machines
down I need a courier okay they better
be here by night I'm not joking what is
just working hello can you hear me hello
anyways okay are you there okay so by
tomorrow at nine-thirty if they're not
here then anak we love fax documents to
the lawyer I don't care if he can't come
by 12 are you there hold on I'm getting
a text oh my wife anyway okay are you
here are you there hello okay I got it
I'm gonna be at starbucks imma be at
starbucks if you don't have that email
beat by me tomorrow I'm telling you what
your stocks going up twenty percent 20
per set goodbye goodbye where's my
frappuccino dad do you have my favorite
you know all glass mom she's way better
than you hello this is Rob toward I will
help you
