ready for a video so let it become he's
bragging
hey Rach tard get yourself a bike I'll
link you're using it properly but that's
cool beep beep beep why do you sit on
and go forward in that hey happy
birthday
a little 1 year old baby boy II won
today
Oh for willin through the forest you are
so cute happy yeah all the sugars in the
veins over let it eat some more and let
him grab some hair Akhtar do blow your
candle out Yeah right he opened a
special don't bother me I'm eat my cake
look it's in spec there can you blow
your candle ah he said what is that for
can I eat it candle I do he doesn't know
what
knocked our t-shirts nice glass Mama's
gonna pop this is luck elected you
gettin slizzard in the club
nice glasses bro you like those what do
you think like exhausted oh he's leaving
them on no I can't see with these things
hey did you see n rose nice headband
check this car out this first so cool
guy see that dude what necklaces like
the big car and a rock guard via
gangster hey you guys check it out rock
card is participating in the GE
ecomagination tag green roadtrip with
this solar-powered car check it solar
power and watch if you cover the Sun it
stops wait and I let the Sun to hit it
it does you just broke the green
technology not sweet it does it totally
works
see I think Adam done that brother lay
your baby your pop dude what do you see
you see a blue swimming pool see blue
swimming pool over there home baby tard
huh alright Fred Meyer we're about leave
we're about to leave for California
okay you guys check this out we're
Arctic Circle the Sun Guard's toy yeah
you get what when I have a millionaire
okay
sure mom okay so watch this thing it
shoots it up and it sticks to the
ceiling okay ready go oh good stuff
and then it comes down oh that's sweet I
think it has it has like this little
point on the top yeah I think that's
just like rotating on there on the
ceiling and it just sticks up there okay
do it shoot it hard this time see if you
can stick it for longer than five
seconds to the ceiling okay ready go
she wash
nice catch son tired wait do over time
do it the other one okay we do both of
them
no I come with you wanted time value
meal tools are cool toys
yeah one charity yeah give me a kiss I'm
gonna miss you here's your shoe hey gay
dude put your shoe over there thanks I
love you yes any one more kid no I need
to get my skin for it what are you doing
where are you going
is this the 2011 version of Jack and the
Beanstalk
uh I get it all the way to the top mommy
tard
your daughter's climbing to Mars
Frank's the star mommy car doesn't think
it's a good idea how high are you gonna
go no he can't go all the way up dude
alright that's high enough that's high
enough you are you psycho and I love it
okay that's high enough dude come down
hey come down
you're about 15 feet off the ground
eight use tackle rock hard rock hard
we're doing come down dude
you're what you're sleeping in there
alright see you later Tarzan we're gonna
go to California and she makes the long
descent from her climb atop Everest are
you gonna be a mountain climber when you
grow up yep
she was about 15 or 20 feet off the
ground you're gonna be a rock climber
too
oh we got a bunch of rock climber tardes
you're already growing flex those
muscles some water oh you're strong
pretty star your good climber your mom
wasn't here late go to the top I love
you you have in your frosty hands on
hips right sure you are so the question
is what did you do crazy when you were a
kid I was just telling mommy tard me and
my brother Casey we did all kinds of
insane stuff when we were kids
there was one time that we had these in
my front yard growing up we had these
two trees or probably 30 feet tall and
they're probably 15 feet in between each
other bring that Butthead over here this
matter yes you want supplies like a
dirty
buggery baby I think he's tired being on
the road here's what you need I'm
cornholio
I need TP for my bunghole I'm Gor Boyle
I need TP for my bunghole yo his belly
button looks really to you anyways
there's these two trees are like 30 feet
tall here go play on the grass but him
hey Donna all right Carl all right I'm
tired you want a fry what do you want
take it anyways I'm trying to vlog here
rock face me and Casey build a zip line
between these two trays in the front of
my house where we took probably like
quarter-inch half-inch rope and we tied
a line between the two trees so we got
another three at prime about two or
three foot stretch rope and we put it
over the rope that we tied in between
the two trees and we got this stick and
we tied knots onto the stick and I stood
up on the tree is probably like 20 25
feet off the ground and I zip line from
one tree to the other oh look who just
broke his leaf Oh over here oh you
really did break it broke oh he was
chewing on it look oh sorry
chewing on it though I never think he
thinks we're gonna leave him lay down
there you're fun hmm dogs dogs and kids
eyes applying from one tree to the other
by the time I got to the other tree we
looked at the little rope that we had
tied because that rope it was like rope
on rope burning I got the other side the
Rope was like a centimeter if I was hung
it on that for like a second more I
would have fallen
25 feet down with my death oh my in this
video we're gonna be uploaded today but
we did all kinds of crazy things we hate
entire boxes of french fries oh he
doesn't look like he's joking bring in
the French fries and then it broke over
there he eat it and then it broke he
chewed and chewed through his leash huh
look at him right Baldini
call me you d card I'll get out of
anything give me enough time let me go
give him a spanking now
adopt a prize all over my iPhone Oh
down here I'm a dropout said you're a
tattle he'll disagree oh it's your this
head needs a little ketchup ketchup on
his head here we're done
Oh once you get your baby boys cooking
dirty so to my culture I just ate a
legion which add some ketchup our nice
collar dude looking very as techie of
you where'd you get that on this cutter
like a road stop in Arizona somewhere
where's your dream catcher Malachi I
don't take that from you I like this
color
you guys I want to ask you something
this is a means this up me and mommy
tart about I have an idea that I want to
express do but I'm having a hard time
commuting the thoughts in my head out of
my panel from Alma listen to this I'm
gonna I'm gonna play something for you
right now I got my own remote controller
I'm gonna play for why can I talk
Jeepers Creepers look at those papers
holy Hannah Montana okay I'm gonna play
for it
okay I'm gonna play what's so funny I
mean am i zoomed up am i doing it's like
I've never flogged in my life before
okay I'm about to play you something and
you will all recognize it I'm sure
you'll all recognize and I want you to
let me know if you agree with this and
every time you hear this it's an a it's
a very exciting feeling you ready
not exciting right that's I love that
that's exciting exciting exciting okay
we're here
you ready yeah I got my own pack pack
your own pack pack you just renamed it
no guys it's a pack pack nice backpack
nice nice backpack oh that's the
suitcase you got and we moved to
California the very first time this is
exactly the same place we stayed you
were you know five we're in Mesquite
Nevada at the Virgin River and this is
like the only place that allows months
like this one so we have to stay here we
are now in the Walmart and Mesquite
Nevada because you have to get Malecha a
New Leash since he decided to choose
through kids and he hasn't to be
crowning I will tell you that right now
why do you need to buy a movie cuz you
have to go out and let him pee oh that's
a good leaf should we get this leash for
him you like one of these leashes folks
our belt I pulled one on over you you
know nothing fool you know nothing fool
hey rock god no nothing fool you dip you
please read rock dawg
oh he's famous almost the mr. monkey boy
mr. rock guard is struggling to stay
awake he's a little jet-lagged from the
van right up here don't we got to take
the leash away from you guys
distracted we're getting this leash
clutch sundered is that and then so then
rock hard does it do you together do you
get smacked you watch watch your brother
watch your brother okay now you do it I
don't wanna eat you oh he's excited now
sudden he's awake now he's ready to
party he's like we're in Mesquite you
kidding me you can't go to bed there's
$2 blackjack tables and one of these
full hey sender check this out
dude I'm freakin challenge you to a duel
right now oh it's on it's on oh snap oh
snap
see he's copying you listen that's why
you got to be a good example for him
because he looks up to you he looks up
to you cuz you're his big brother so he
watches what you do and he wants to do
the same thing that's why you got to be
a good voice here a good example to him
okay charge let's see the new lesson
wait for it wait for it nope he's going
back to older lightweight there it is
there it is
do something else see if you can do
something else hey dude send hard like
this
you doing that hey out years I figured
it out yet
Roger I'd watch you okay look at your
brother Hector just do it just do it and
start dancing hwacha now he's just
embarrassed for you okay come on hey
what are you gonna do okay let's see it
dude
up next bridges are doing a run flip
nice
there goes baby dog here he goes the Sun
turn you gonna do it too
okay oh shut up my foot shuts I put
there's a star guards my foot ah doing
my foot hold on oh okay go there he goes
Davey tarde for who almost landed on her
sister so here swimming and daddy tard
is going to open to start and the school
that is a yes scare she basically
started asking if I could do that again
before shooting in the water hey we're
in Mesquite Nevada the Virgin River
Casino I've thrown up like five times
today
and other things too we won't talk about
that but Oh mommy thar was tired so
she's taking a nap so down here with a
kids phone set color babe I see and I'm
better we made it we are here in
California at our new house real quick
you guys I want you to go check out the
new tag your green roadtrip video I just
did with the ecomagination tag your
green road trip with iJustine I lift her
up over my head at the California
Academy of Sciences and Dylan from
householdhacker
so click anywhere on the screen and go
watch it right now check out it's pretty
fun we're in the new house what do you
think got all of our junk in here we got
to start moving it in we'll give you a
tour if you tuned in tomorrow
you got to tune in tomorrow to see the
tour of our new house click the screen
right now go check it out check out the
video ok guys see tomorrow bye Scott
what's wrong in this room that's a
dancing fish yeah when you be platinum
tour you've got a little something extra
you
