pretty darn precious what it is Katie
letting shaycarl got the cutest kids and
maybe up on YouTube making all the vids
and if you don't know i'ma tell you like
this like this like son's heart got all
the girls on them god I'm wondering how
they get so handsome okay and baby turn
she got that baby girl swag she can get
a little crazy just like her dad with a
rock part I see you starting to walk hit
that snaky leg then he hit the driver
Chris's start with you wag girlfriend
back handspring it's a perfect 10 uh
yeah you know they PDF NP 2 years den
and hes on 2 3 we're ready for a pity
also let it be clear hey Keith bloggy
when I wasn't like kind of been funny so
not only I'm trying to think of jokes
and I really don't have any like I love
writers to write really great jobs and
then I sort of say those words thank you
wife my wife makes a funny that's like a
good I'm going to go home front i'm
probably and i'll try to be more
interesting it'll be right now but i
just like to start by saying get shot
that video burger I'm supposed here with
this handsome devil is a tard Sam Ashton
TARDIS here we're hanging out the green
room to 800 degrees hairs in the big
girls it is Xavier so I'm here at the
new parent not to do an interview the
partnership project Shira Lazar he is no
Shira Lazar let's go subscribe to them
I'm sure
two very special offers projects at the
rats de chazal new front room
uh she prolly of sheets are
hey gang turned 29 years old the last
year by twenties or do something to my
community for Bambi old fat ugly I want
to do something so i started making a
daily video blogger and it's
just take it on a plate
just love you
all that
youtube
as a new Savior
an interesting i buy windows
and sugar there little bit
some parts of these fake
this and my website just rolled fries
he's not famous
lots
it's a popular
when you're in elementary sixth grader
dude New York is scary looking outside
right now holy crap listen listen he's
here that so it was a hundred degrees
today in New York like the hottest day
of the entire year and of course that's
the day i'm here sweating my butt off
now check it out this rain just came in
look at this freaking room this is the
nicest hotel i've ever stayed in in my
entire life visibility is like zero look
at all this rain it is coming down so
just wall of water just hit whoa
lightning meaning it's kind of hard to
see through the camera but it's like you
can just see these walls of water hole
oh it's just crazy man just like that we
have clear skies nothing but blue skies
all round I don't know freaking what I'm
singing that's the Empire State Building
right there cool it's got a shot like
the top of the Chrysler Building this is
so amazing I'm at the trump hotel in
soho zor I'm stayin I think I don't know
if this is the Hudson River well not on
I don't know I don't know nothing I'm
stupid and I do know that can I focus in
I can't focus in enough can't really see
it but right over here is the statue of
liberty and if you look right here this
building i think is where the twin
towers were and they're rebuilding this
building right here you New Yorkers let
me know if I'm right or not but I'm
pretty sure that this is the new
building that they're rebuilding that's
no bird you know really tall of course
to replace the Twin Towers when they
were knocked down I just saw the biggest
lightning strike right over those to the
Thunder well there's another one the
city is so cool right now it's like so
ominous the skies are so dark and then
these giant lightning bolts Oh screen
sorriness mr. walkie face mr. walkie
face is saying i can go is that right
mr. walkie faith that is right sure he's
on now
meet with Damon and Shira my two buddies
from the partner project and what's
trending they have like eight different
web shows checking out put a WoW you see
that how can we get struck by lightning
how do you that's something to tweet
about just got struck by lightning
there's a twit pic of me fried what I
got shocked what do I got struck by
lighting as I was vlogging I'm gonna
curse myself in show enough ok so can
you turn the lights on in the car huh
what's your game much buddy up ok what's
your name real quick a son okay so me
being hot summer talkin and he said why
is your beard sobbing what I'm getting
so big man nice i guess i want to look
like Osama bin Laden will you started
laughing these are laughing and I was
like should we film this and he has a
new anyway it's a funny situation and
then we both said we might get yelled at
a queef illness noodly we started
cracking up you guys wouldn't get it you
would have to have been here right right
right exactly okay I'm you guys are
going me work me and him we're gonna
hang out anyways I'm where we got the
Trump Hotel where the shrimp was out
this is my ride this guy is the best cab
driver in New York City wait a minute
you're charging me for this I thought we
had such a good time you're gonna give
it to you for 30 how can I survive and I
said you can't survive on comedy that's
yeah all right you take debit card right
I must say you know India better than me
well what I said to you is a salam what
like whom no you shakalaka you know
know what is the main oh wait wait wait
assalamualaikum monic it is peace be
unto you right yeah it's me George su it
was like yeah like God it's like a
welcoming greeting right it's like
you're my friend hello yeah I love that
sign yeah it's a great hello and it
sounds pretty too just like the verbiage
of it assalam walaikum love I love the
sound of it all right time do they sign
in it right now yeah would be it so
impatient come on you know we are having
a great relationship right now
absolutely add me on Facebook okay we're
like the best friends Myra see it's tax
deductible this is a business trip ask
for this guy when you come to New York
he's the best guy around all right love
you dude give it up up top we had a
great run okay I'm leaving probably the
nicest hotel room I've ever stayed in in
my entire life bathrooms amazing the
view out the window from the tub is
amazing i'm in the Trump that's why I'm
at the trump tower in Soho old Donald
Trump sure knows how to build a hotel
I'll tell you what this place is sweet
ago hello in ultra um hotel in the hotel
and then look here's there's the living
room so amazing the view here's the
front door and then here's another
bedroom that I don't even use because
it's just me I wish my wife could have
been there then there's a couch this
bathroom is amazing there's another tub
with another view of New York the Empire
State Building more bathrooms Sox lights
all right read it to home we're headed
to the home do JFK Airport yes slammed
it is busy this morning jeez check check
it out there are people everywhere are
you the money okay sarcastic here we
gotta be yeah good news I got upgraded
to first class getting my skymiles card
was the best thing I ever did it's sweet
by every third fly they get on they
upgrade me
