alright are you doing it wait wait hold
on ducks
Jackson Jackson
hey guys so I'm just out shopping for
the essentials and of course we have a
birthday party today going to gig know
we just did that
Winston's birthday party and try to
figure out what to get him he's trying
to and that's the funnest age to watch
them open presents but what does he want
he felt like he's too old for stuff like
this and I'm too old I mean too young so
what does he want
and we likes dinosaurs hmm think about
this searching dinosaurs and a random
shoe goodness so cute I don't think
that's supposed to go there alright guys
I found out what we're gonna get him
dinosaurs I think that's fun these are
like squishy I think you will love that
they do say ages three plus on them and
he's too but you know what I never pay
attention to those anyway hence why we
have a thousand trillion Legos at our
house mmm-hmm legs are found them once
done you order Dinah Shore I'm also
going to pick some fun colors guys I'm
getting ready to do a fun craft video on
my channel and I'm excited about it it's
something that I did when I was a kid
and I'm excited to do it my kids so I
tell you what it is you're gonna have to
wait and see and I all get to pick out
some really fun colors and we need a
bunch of different colors mmm what's
your favorite color you guys you wanna
know what my favorite color is right now
it's probably close to kind of this
color maybe a little bit lighter like
this yeah that's about the same yeah
that's one of my favorite colors right
now as well as this color a pretty pale
pink maybe a little Coral II still love
those colors are so in right now in my
heart and of course for every good crap
you need high balls I mean I never leave
the house without eyeballs if I'm
why am I so happy I feel like a kid
again I'm like woo all the possibilities
try not to get too crazy with it though
simplify simplifying usually makes your
crops better you don't want too much
stuff on it because then it's me I don't
I may have gone a little bit crazy on
the paint do you guys think this is
enough that's a big bag of paint and
that's only half of them oh my goodness
at least I got neon yellow
I can't wait I'm so excited
I love craft projects where you can use
just multi colors it's gonna be so fun
anyways Oh baby's birthday's coming up -
okay ladies we've we sing it for me on
the count of three one two a-one two
three four
baby on the dashboard baby on a
dashboard baby on a dashboard baby on a
- Damian baby baby baby baby baby baby
on a dashboard a baby baby dashboard
baby baby on a dashboard Bay baby baby
baby baby on the dashboard what's how
does the song go dude baby Anna - excuse
me excuse me mr. baby Jackson look at
the camera we played hard to get hey
guys we're for serious talk about
cutting accents here alright we're here
at a more at Gavin's soccer game
football game and we're just waiting in
the car for the game to start and Emmys
jammin out - Charlie Kazu I think we're
gonna do a thing - that yeah listen to
your sister she's the lair of the farm
I'll be right with you want to make
money on this video
tonight Jackson we please look at the
camera I think look at this girl a lot
hello are we gonna cut his hair I do I
know an era a golden Trump like era you
got Trump hair bro we need to Brady's
here yeah what if we gave him like Rasta
style mini dude red braids look let's
have Kayleigh do it
what do you want to be you're gonna get
yeah all right yeah yeah he can be just
now it makes it look like we've made him
good up there
he climbed up there get on there
hey hey you want to get mini braids diet
brace brace brace yeah well your mommy
cuz your jokes oh that's good huh that's
good hugs all right we're ready for
gavin soccer game all right
brock ready to go cheer your brother on
okay I'm the silent one back there out
of them know what's going on back there
dude you cool well game you playing
welcome all right yes okay yes time time
music hit it Charlotte Oh yellow mang√∫
me over there is in London
turning so that he got the ball gap get
the ball get the ball keep driving it
down get the ball get it back go Gavin
go Gavin go Gavin go Gavin yeah oh but
he used it with his hands doctor looking
very hard pass pass pass it to me your
foot pass pistol to 2-0 together Gavin
I think Kevin made a good move let's go
gaff
maybe a hey guys we were just here
celebrating we're celebrating Winston's
birthday and now we're playing outside
because it is gorgeous out here look at
how green everything is what's shaking
to do
ah
all right watch out Winston and Emmy
look at the key just follows him around
put a helmet on or somethin Allen into
whoo you're cute
okay I talked Casey to trying a trick
that I got scared to try skateboard ramp
nice job dude
watch out uncle Casey's gonna try
something here to do it this is a
brothers moment we're trying to see if
you can go up that and jump the little
gap and land on the flat part only it's
too dangerous
let's see nah you were scared for a
minute there weren't you you did a pause
in the air that was great
haha
KC's giving me crap because I'm scared
to do it he's calling me the wussy older
brother I don't wanna do scary I'm
scared
you could have bailed off you can
winters try to be with you I'll do it on
the little motorcycle
Gavin bring that motorcycle air baby oh
let me do it
KC did it I got to do it now now it's
not on a little motorcycle okay I'll
bring my bike here Evel Knievel's gonna
ride all right are you doing it
wait wait hold on doc doc then Jackson
you gotta commit listen to me like I
know what I'm talking about yeah I would
do it on a bigger motorcycle
you gotta get a bigger start than that
yeah that was not a big enough heart you
can do it on that one whoops I'm so
nervous babe
you're not committing okay this is our
travel I know I know I'm seeing all the
wheels are turning in your minds yep
that's a good idea thank you thank you
for being slightly responsible why do
they bring night oh gosh all right
locked and loaded he's so cute oh I'm so
nervous for you
yes it did I walked over here you want
to watch it yeah you know brothers will
be brothers we do tend to push each
other to try injurious
scary things not always a bad thing but
if you end up in the hospital maybe
that's that's when it's bad man that's
definitely when it's a bad thing
wear a helmet and only do things that
you feel confident in Kasey's you know
he feels good on the motorcycle we've
done a lot of crazy things growing up
and if we don't feel confident doing it
then we won't do it but if we feel a
little unconfident then we'll put our
feet down while we were our helmets and
we'll like try to walk across the jump
instead of actually jumping it thanks
for watching we appreciate you guys
supporting us thanks for all the nice
comments on the Shaytards saturday song
video yes we love singing together so
we're definitely gonna be doing that
some more we're taking requests if you
have a song that you want us to sing
song then we'll do it on Saturday so
leave us the requests below we have a
bunch already I mean we per have like 12
songs we want to sing as a family
already so your request will help us
make the decision on which one to go in
case it comes down to a vote cuz I
guarantee you the girls will be fighting
again like no one do this one like me
well the commenters say this is the one
where they're voting on will definitely
get everybody involved everybody's
singing maybe in your request even maybe
say who you would like to see singing
yeah people are saying solos I think we
could have like different people do
different verses anyways we're gonna
start Brock yeah we got to get them on
the percussion the drums
um yeah every Saturday we're going to
start doing a Shaytards a song Saturday
where we sing to you guys just something
that we like to do as a family and we
thought we would do it for you guys okay
thanks for watching if you didn't see
yesterday's a song Saturday uh there
wasn't one cuz it was Sunday
click on the mystery video or just click
on yesterday's vlog and it's fun we did
one with Charlie puth ok we're out of
here we'll see you guys tomorrow bye I
