hey wasn't takes under eye so I just
told the girls because um you guys I got
big plans big plans to lose weight
whatever yeah we've heard us really ties
this one serious because I'm gonna put a
serious stipulation on myself I vow I
swear wait hold on check us out we're
getting the trailers tires change that's
crazy anyway so we're this is packed
dudes this trailer is packed we're
leaving to LA tomorrow he is blade were
moving to LA so I just told the girls
that when we moved to California daddy's
gonna start exercising a lot and lose
weight so i can get skinny and they be
tarred what did you say remember you
said she was just like this huh cheap
wines that are like that's the
definition of skinny so daddy's gonna
get really skinny and she holds over our
bird points that he goes like this am i
yep I'm gonna be just like that can you
imagine my arms or as small as baby
charts oh I could just break these
there's little twigs little place yeah
you guys eating their heads you have fun
going on doing errands with dad yes hey
show how I did your hair look it's not
nice i did your hair really nice today
huh I'm not gonna mess it up I'm just
kiddin we're gonna go right now huh to a
party for him can you guys believe he's
one years old you have a one year old
brother already make the argument ah
would you make rock hard they don't know
what did you make him come on spit it
out I'm charge Oh is Kate charge rock
hard what did it say on before you know
it used to say rock star but mommy
changes I said Rock target cool huh so
yeah dudes we just literally this this
trailer is packed full and we're headed
out we're headed out tomorrow and
come on I'll show you guys this this is
my pride and joy there's been so many
times I've wanted to sell this trailer
but the day that I went and got these
stickers on this trailer was like the
proudest day of my life I designed I
designed this how I wanted it to look
all of that I even got my cell phone to
say rock it was I think 7625 I do not
call that number because I don't have
anymore I feel bad if somebody has that
number i should call it and see if
somebody has the number don't call it
you'll just bug somebody I lost that
phone like three years ago anyways the
day that I wit and I got this trailer
and I got the stickers put on it when I
started my own granite countertop
business probably one of the proudest
days of my life I was driving that baby
around like I own my own business and
this is what we're towing it down there
with come a toad tundra so it's good
thing I got this new truck routes you
know we'd had to rent a u-haul so see
how much money I save by buying this
truck I didn't have to rent to you all
I'm a thrifty all right way I figure
about moving to California excited oh so
here's actually another thing huge thing
this is what I was starting to talk
about but then I forgot so me Brett the
intern hi I'm Ron and VIN vlogs for
chubby dudes at the station we're gonna
wear I just got off the phone a lot and
get off fun of them we're texting each
other and I told them that they better
be ready because in two or three days
I'm going to be there and we're gonna
get serious about this thing and we're
all going to sit down we're gonna have a
meeting and we're going to set goals
we're gonna get some white boards we're
all going to write down our goals here's
my purse goal and this is serious I
vowed to lose 50 pounds by November
first so that's I got you know the rest
of june july august september-october
that's four months a little like four
and a half months to lose 50 pounds and
here's my vow and this is gonna get
crazy and mommy charts gonna be pissed
but I vowed to not cut my hair or my
beard until I lose 50 pounds I'm at 250
right now actually meant to 49 this
morning I was 249 so I have to get down
to 200 pounds no I should say I have to
get under 200 so
I'm one 99.9 that's when I'll cut my
hair and my beard but I'm seriously like
my hair is pretty long I don't ever you
know I heard so ugly I never like really
combed my hair that's like that oh my
god like a rooster tail I got a rude
jerk oh but my hair is pretty long
already so it's I'm gonna be freaking
beast I'm gonna have long hair and my
beard I'm not going to touch the other
thing I'm gonna trim is like the
mustache because i get to annoying and
i'll probably shave actually shave up
here and the neck but imma know this all
grow out so I want to try to keep you a
little bit trip anyway so that's that's
my vow it's 50 pounds by November first
I have to be a hunt under even if it's
my announce I have to be under 200
pounds she won't commit boy don't you
know I'm the most what the beer don't
compete anyways you guys excited Oh see
you later okay one takes Sunday every
say bye just glad daddy's home watch
eeks doing a little outro do a little
song natural for us what are you doing
oh maybe shaycarl one cake sundae hey
batard give us a little singing quit
picking your nose give us a little James
Blunt sing that song there you go James
Blunt she is rewrote a third verse to
your song or however me versus Are All
Right see you guys bye
